so cool story what's up y'all I've
upgraded maybe downgraded from the
braids to a frizzy dirty nappy ponytail
you know been wings had every day but
listen who do I got to impress just wear
a hat and have my hair gross and
unwashed I'll need a banana today we'll
be playing for you so you can go ahead
and click off now I'm gonna be in the
editing room and then Cory is gonna take
me to physical therapy for my shoulder
mmm
I'm gonna go to work love you guys and
I'll see you later hey guys I'm in the
car on my way to physical therapy now
I'm not looking forward to this at all
it has been a really hard day for me
like a super bummer day there's only one
thing that frustrates me about this
whole process and are just different I
guess than what I'm used to I'm used to
doing YouTube my whole life where I make
all the decisions and this is the first
time in my life where I'm working on a
project where other people get to have
an opinion on the final product so
today's been a hard day trying to like
compromise what I really want and you
know trust these people who've been in
this industry for a long time and try to
do what they want when it's not what I
want so
been a hard day and I guess it's nice to
get out of the office that I can go and
like take a breather but I hate that
it's for physical therapy because I hate
bezel a bad finish at physiotherapy and
I have this on my arm it was weird we
didn't do any exercises because she said
all of my muscles and tendons were too
inflamed to do exercises so they're
trying to like tone down like the
inflammation in my arm or something
before I'm allowed to do it so today
they just hook me up to a bunch of
different machines but she did say
something that was like a little
concerning to me she's like it can fix
all these issues and all your muscles
but it's one thing I can't fix you have
a tear in your rotator cuff and I can't
fix that I was like okay she's like so
and gave me this look like she just told
me the worst news in the world you say
that you can't fix my tear in my rotator
cuff that because it'll just fix itself
or what I have to do to fix it she is oh
no that you can't fix that I was like so
I'll just always have a tear in my
rotator cuff forever she was like unless
you get a surgery I was like well the
doctor said I don't need surgery she
said right you don't need it because
you're not an athlete and you don't use
your arm so as long as you don't use
your arm you don't need the surgery I
was like what as long as I don't use my
right arm like it is my right arm so I
was like so will it get better at least
it she's like no I was like so the only
way to make it better is if I get a
surgery she's like yes I said but I'm
not allowed to get a surgery it's just
like if your doctor said no then you
can't get one so I'm so confused and so
frustrated like I don't want to tear my
arm the rest of my life and I was like
well we'll stay the same
I'll get better she's like no it'll
probably get worse and then you'll have
to get a surgery and I'm like well then
why won't they just let me get this our
dream now so anyway I'm just very
frustrated it has not been a very good
day ok back to work
ok I'm finally home it's almost midnight
oh my camera fix your life I thought
since not much happened today and I was
kind of grumpy all day I would end this
video with a favorites video cuz I never
do favorites videos on my main channel
and when I do like no one watches them
know like oh my god line is so boring
stop doing this but um I love watching
favorites videos so I thought I would do
it on my vlog Channel and if you want to
watch you can if you don't wanna watch
mine go do something else my favorites
for the month of June first of all this
hat I bought this at at Urban Outfitters
like a week ago and I've pretty much
been wearing it every day since it is
the most plain boring
derpy hat in the world um so I've been
wearing this pretty much every single
day and I'm probably going to go back
and get it in like every color cuz it's
nice when I'm editing or traveling to
just like throw my hair in a ponytail or
in some braids and throw on a hat so I'm
very into this the next favorite I have
is the lip I've been wearing like every
day which is this lip liner it's L'Oreal
I've had it for forever it's in the
color Belle and this lipstick from Tarte
which is the color sass it's a lipstick
lip gloss duo but it's really pretty I'm
not wearing it right now but I will show
you what it looks like on
so I like to wear it without the gloss I
think it's very pretty but you can also
add the gloss if I'm feeling a little
fancy the next product I've been using a
lot is this hair mask it's like
Regenesis detox hair and scalp mask
promotes thicker fuller bodied hair
detoxifies hair and nourishes scalp
we had to straighten my hair every
single day for two months like stick
straight burn the crap out of it
multiple times a day and I've really
curly hair naturally so that was not
good for my hair and it fried it so my
hair is really dead and gross right now
it's like disgusting though I've been
trying to take care of it to bring it
back to life and whenever I use it my
hair feels a lot more smooth and shiny
and full and great so I really really
like this stuff and I've only been using
it for like a week this is something I
just got as well it's like a moisturizer
it's was really effing expensive I got
it at a facial place here in Vancouver
called reverse 'iv and it's supposed to
be an anti-aging cream I guess but I put
it on every night before I go to bed and
again with the little amount of sleep
that I've been getting I'm shocked at
how okay my skin has been I mean I still
don't have good skin I still have a lot
of wrinkles and I definitely gained a
lot of wrinkles in the last two months
from all the stress and the no sleep so
that's why I've been trying to take care
of my skin and but so far I like this
stuff and it's up the thing I like about
it is I've tried a lot of different
moisturizers from my face and I feel
like most of them smell like butt and
this one smells kind of nice it smells
like I can't release mine it smells just
clean and fresh the next favorite I have
are my new sunglasses
they're very plain boring aviators but
during like a rose gold color and I
usually don't wear sunglasses so it was
a very big deal for me to purchase these
um they're cute and I've only worn them
once and I probably will never wear them
again so cool story flannels I've been
wearing flannel shirts pretty much every
single day and I just got this one it
has a hood on it
it's really soft and really big and cozy
and it's just it's just what I'm into
right now because I'm an editing room
every day so I want to feel cozy and
comfortable because we're in there for
hours I'm not trying to impress anyone
so to throw a hat on throw a flannel on
and either some leggings or some cozy
like stretchy jeans it's pretty much
been my life every single day I'm
obsessed with flannels right now it's
very embarrassing another favorite I
have this month is the camera that I am
currently using this is the new canon
g7x and ah rachel shattered my old g7 X
at VidCon so I went to the Canon booth
and I was like hey can you help me and
they gave me this one to borrow to see
if I like it and I love it I love it so
much I have to give it back this weekend
and I'm so sad because this is like my
favorite camera I've ever had so that's
another favorite I would show to you but
I'm filming on it so that's not really
powerful and as far as food goes I got
addicted to these on set I eat them all
the time peanuts
dipped in peanut butter coating it's
like a candy bars it's super super yummy
and it's an ice pick me up throughout
the day there's only one more left in
this box and the last thing is my floral
camera which I think has been in a
favorites video before but I am just
obsessed with Polaroids right now
they're all over my wall and I don't
know I know it's old and I've always had
a Polaroid camera I've always been
obsessed with polaroid pictures but I
think I recently refound my love for
polaroid photos they're just exciting
and fun and yeah I really like I'm
saying those are the things that I've
been obsessing over this month I'm
trying to give us anything else myuca
lately maybe like I've been playing my
ukulele everyday anyway this video is
very long and very boring now and I'm
gonna go edit this and then go to bed
and go back to work tomorrow I love you
guys and I will see you later
