I feel them hacking away my body good
morning y'all yes I still I'm wearing
braids and a freaking hat cuz what I
have time to deal with my life so just
get into it or go I want to pinch your
head a little bit wait this is hard for
me today I need coffee I'm very tired
and weird dreams all night last night do
that ever happen you guys if my sister
watches my vlogs which she doesn't she
would hate me right now because she
hates when people talk about their
dreams like hates it oh I don't know she
hates it because it's not real
so people are like oh my god I had the
craziest dream last night she's like I
don't want to hear about you're not real
experience like I think that drew
definitely connected to your life yeah
something yeah I mean I agree I actually
really liked hearing news I think it's
really interesting unless it's something
like totally random and dumb but like we
have a really intense dream you know
those dreams are you wake up and you're
just like oh my god did that happen was
that real Who am I like those kind of
dreams like I really like and last night
I had a million dreams like that where I
woke up throughout the night like oh my
god I was crazy and now I can't remember
any of them anyway well I love okay I
love hearing about people's dreams
because they're always mean something
like maybe it's something for telling in
the future or it's like something's like
a psychological about them like I I
always have dreams about not wearing
shoes and if you Google right now dreams
about not range to use it will tell you
all these things like you're running
from something or you feel unprotected
about something you're feeling weird and
so like I think they're always true but
I I'm terrified
I don't know where canta I'm looking
right now what about dreams that have to
do with like being killed or chased or
kidnapped or raped all those things I
don't have those anymore but that was
what I had I had those dreams for years
like years until this year is the first
year like when I started working on
haters back off I stopped having those
dreams completely but I was having those
dreams like horrible horrible horrible
nightmares wake up crying killing to
dream appealing
come on Mon Ami dreams about murder may
release rage like I've had dreams where
people like kidnapped me and chased me
and like where I'll run to the police
station and I'll be like this person's
trying to kill me and like go to police
station and they'll be like okay don't
worry we'll protect you and then the
killer will get there in the book here
she is bro I'm like everyone is out to
kill me
everyone everyone that I see wants me
dead once to kill me once to murder me
brutally and I've had dreams where I
actually am murdered and I stay awake
for it and I feel the pain in my dream
like I feel them hacking away at my body
weird a whole beard no I don't have them
anymore so that's good anyway I have my
coffee this is my favorite coffee mug my
brother bought it for me um it's from
Starbucks
cuz I'm basic and I've gotta tell my dad
on I am the most basic right now um but
I love this thing so much this is my
life my pride and my joy I am going to
go to work now
so I'll see you guys after work is over
okay what's up guys we just finished
work and this is Peri Peri it's one of
the writers and executive producers and
he's a showrunner
on the show and Christopher's here and
we are walking home because that's what
we do every day beautiful mix we're in
with 9:30 and look how bright it is
outside this is crazy
um anyway I've missed it here I'm
excited to be back I just got here but
no I got here like at 10:00 and I
started working yeah I saw my village oh
man anyway we were just talking about
how excited we are for this show and
we're excited for you guys to see it
and to share it with you and we just
hope everyone likes it I don't know
which is we thought all we talk about is
the show that's good
ah oh my god
I'm so tired guys I feel like every vlog
just consists of me saying how tired I
am it's just like me being like hi guys
this is really boring oh my god I'm so
tired I work so hard that's my
impression of myself
um this is my baby blanket by the way
and I'm a grown-ass woman who still
loves her baby blanket so uh it is now
10:30 because it took forever for
Christopher to get checked in because
there's problems which there always is
shocker the people who are in charge of
never mind that is things I doesn't
concern you anyway um there's not much
to report about today we edited an
episode that has been very hard for us
to edit um
not because the episode isn't good the
episode is really good and the actors
are all really good it's just like a
hard episode to edit and so it's taking
a lot longer than we want it to and also
we're like getting into the thick of
things so we're getting notes from
Netflix and we have all these deadlines
where's like the first week of editing
it was like we had like one episode to
edit a day and now it's like you have to
finish all four of these episodes by the
end of tonight or by tomorrow or
whatever so there's all these deadlines
and all these other things going on and
it's just like it's insane so um today
was kind of crazy
and I'm very tired and tomorrow um we're
editing all day again and then I have
physical therapy tomorrow night huh when
I just I'm at home alone and I don't
feel like doing anything or talking to
anyone I play the ukulele it makes me
feel less stressed it makes me happy and
it's something I've always done just
like kind of for myself this music and
only recently have I started putting
like videos of me singing on Instagram
or on YouTube um cuz I don't I don't
like like I don't mind getting hate
unlike everything else like it just kind
of comes with the territory territory
territory when you're on the internet
like people are gonna be rude and mean
but singing is something that I like
like to do for me
it makes me happy and it's like the one
thing I've always done since I was like
2 years old that is just something like
to do when I'm happy and so to see
people make fun of me and tell me I suck
with something that I just I like to do
for me is like not something I want to
subject myself to use that's why I
usually don't sing on the internet but
on this vlog channel I feel a bit a
little bit more comfortable just kind of
goof around so I'm just going to play
and not edit it and not try to make
myself sound good or whatever so what I
do is I search songs online and I just
try to learn how to play them and lately
I've been having a lot of fun playing
Ariana songs and if you follow my
instagram at kollene you will see that
because i've been posting them a lot
more on there so anyway right now I'm
going to try to do one last time one
last time I need to be the one takes you
home one more time I promise after that
I'll let you go the one takes you gotta
say we're going stay
like it's 1950 phone hey three doesn't
have to be forever just as long as I've
the name is a - Oh most almost is never
enough so close to being in love if I
would know not you want me the way I
wanted you then maybe we wouldn't be two
worlds apart let hear each other's arms
and we almost we almost knew what love
was but almost is never enough ooh ooh
baby
no ooh baby I'm gonna be done because my
arm is throbbing I love you guys and
sigh this vlog was quick and short and
that much happened but that's the name
of the game y'all sometimes I'd use fun
exciting things and sometimes I just go
to work and then play the ukulele but I
love you and make sure you choose
happiness - have a great day and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
ha
