I just don't like being Deanna brand I
just don't like it guys oh oh yeah my
day oh my god I look so scary
so look at me I'm home from VidCon and
I'm in my bed in my room in LA which is
so weird I have not been here hardly at
all this year I'm josh is still at
VidCon cuz he has a performance tonight
but I came home cuz that's so much work
to do I go back to Canada tomorrow um
sorry I didn't vlog on this channel for
a couple of days I was on a rolls
posting videos every single day but um I
was vlogging at VidCon and then realized
that like I don't know it was such a big
deal for me to announce the show date
and to announce the characters on the
show and all that stuff so I was like I
know I have to put this on my main
channel so I did what is happening what
is my hair doing anyway and I'm gonna
keep blogging on this channel I didn't I
didn't disappear forever I didn't give
up I just posted my vlog footage on my
main channel so if you want to see what
I've been up to the last day scene go to
my main channel and watch the vlog I
posted but in the meantime I need to
make this look not like this so I'm
gonna do that and I'll see y'all later
alright I made myself look a good person
anyway I was supposed to I mean pauses
music because whenever I play Ariana's
music my videos get like put on private
and it's a total bummer one thing that I
do to calm myself down when I'm really
stressed is cook and so right now I'm
feeling very stressed so um I am cooking
right now which I shouldn't be doing
because that's total procrastination but
it's what I do is right now I'm making
some guacamole Singh is my best friend
all right the next thing I'm gonna make
up when Rachel comes over is veggies I
make roasted veggies
pretty much every single time I cook I
love veggies I love roasting them it's
my favorite way to eat them
I get Brussels sprouts and I cut them
into quarters okay so this is what it
should look like
and a lot of the little leaves fall off
when you're cutting it and that's okay
because the little tiny leaves will get
really crisp and kind of burnt in the
oven and it just adds a nice crunch
so I actually leave all these little
leaves floating around on there and then
you add some roughly just spread them
out on your pan that is lined with foil
this is important it's got to be a metal
pan with coil now I'm going to do is add
a little bit of olive oil maybe like a
couple tablespoons and salt and pepper
and that's it you mix it so it's all
coated lightly you put it in the oven I
did 400 degrees for about 20 minutes but
I just check on it until they look kind
of burnt and then they're done and it's
so good another thing people do wrong
when they're making these is they cover
in olive oil and the salt and pepper and
then let it sit before they put in the
oven you have to do it right before you
put in the other oven otherwise they'll
all be really really soggy so if you
wanted to be crisp and crunchy which is
how I like them you have to preheat the
oven and then drizzle it with olive oil
and salt pepper and put it in right away
hang on so I'm in my office at home I
don't know if there's any new people to
this vlog Channel or not so I guess I've
never shown you this office this is my
office at my house in California and
this is the Miranda wall that I film in
front of and all Miranda's toys and
weird things fan gifts that you guys
have given me and this is my corner like
Colin's corner that I film at and my
pictures of my family and friends and
the rooms not done yet I want to get
like a white little couch here and stuff
but anyway this is the closet for
Miranda these are all my Miranda clothes
can you believe that a person who is not
real has her own closet it's very weird
so in here I have pants and I have
lipsticks lipsticks so right now I'm
looking for bobby pins because I'm not
Miranda until my hair is pulled back so
right now I'm going to film a Q&A and
potentially a prank call video um you
guys request me to do prank calls a lot
and I don't like doing them because as
well as it seems like as Miranda I like
confrontation I really hate it um I like
you know I like I love being Miranda and
I love the character but like making
people uncomfortable is not an easy
thing to do like it's hard to be okay
with like kind of being rude to someone
like I'll never understand how like
prankers do it and stuff like that
because it's really hard for me I get
like really anxious and uncomfortable so
um we'll see how that goes so I just did
some print calls and it was awkward but
I think it's gonna be funny
it goes out tomorrow's it'll come out
the same day as this I think unless I
post this tonight which maybe I will um
but anyway yeah it was it was good stuff
Manor do this ever say that it's not
just my mom who says that my mom was
good good stuff Manor or something like
that is that from something I don't know
okay I'm gonna shower and undo my
self to not look like this anymore
that's our user okay I still look kind
of like a mess but at least I have some
makeup on and I'm trying to hide my face
this weekend did a doozy on me I think
this week did a doozy on me that means I
do this
I left my good ukulele in Canada but I
have this one that I bought for when I'm
home so I'm playing and I want you guys
to listen if you if you want to baby
before
so here we go me up
maybe I bet you are little bit dangerous
baby the Telus conversation a little
more touch my bye everyone watches so
baby let's keep it secret little bit
sinners baby don't touch my body
speaking of ariana or singing of ariana
it's her birthday today
happy bird by Tamora ariana is one of
the most amazing people that I've ever
had the pleasure of knowing in my life
and anything you've ever read about her
that might be negative is not true
like I like I never knew how fake like
tabloids and press and articles and
stuff were about celebrities until I
started reading stuff about Ari and I
was like what are these people talking
about like where did they even come up
with this like she's the most generous
kind loving happy positive wonderful
girl and um yeah I just made me realize
like now whenever I read anything about
any celebrity I think I don't believe it
like I don't believe any magazine I
don't believe anything at all unless I
hear from that person themselves so um
yeah she's pretty awesome anyway happy
birthday Ariana alrighty I'm with you
shwah and we are gonna go on a date
since we haven't seen each other in
months and months and months
so um finally we're going to hang out
we're gonna get so shiny and then I'm
going to the airport yeah I want to tell
you something
what I know I may find I had yeah I take
it back because you do it really cute
oh thanks he did make fun of this hat
when I got home I was wearing this hat
he was like nice hat mom and was making
fun of me and I was like I think it's
cute I like this hat and it's good to
like hide my face when I'm feeling ugly
or when I want to travel and don't wanna
do my hair they made fun of me for like
a long time I appreciate that you say
that you like my hat but I'm never going
to say like your bandana I just don't
like Mandy on a brand I just don't like
it guys I just have not a fan of Mandana
Pratt was in Canada with her a couple
weeks ago and I wore the bandana hat to
have sushi and we were waiting to be
seen and she went up to me and I thought
maybe she was like gonna be sweet she
went you could not wear that hat doesn't
what do you mean what do you mean she's
like you could not wear that has like
tonight she went ever I don't like you
didn't like my food anahat care getting
it's easy what's up y'all
so I just finished filming a video for
my main channel and oh my god I need to
take this on spin it around didn't you
off the tripod are you dizzy good ah
okay so I've got to turn off this light
and then I'm going to turn off my little
lights behind my computer and already so
I have to take this with me to Canada
because I'm going to do a giveaway in my
video on Tuesday so if you guys want to
win this Miranda book that I'm going to
sign or the photo inside of it that you
will see that is terrifying make sure to
watch my video on Tuesday and yeah I
need to get ready to go because my car
is here so I gotta get outta her is
we made it home to Canada well that's
weird that I just called this home and
not where we just were home finally back
and tomorrow I get up early and go to
work this is a crazy week in editing
room because we have to edit a bunch of
different episodes and Netflix gave us a
bunch of notes on things they want us to
fix an episode we already did so it's
going to be a crazy crazy week but
Christopher's going to be in town this
week helping me out which is really
amazing and hopefully I'll have some fun
stuff to show you guys hope you're
enjoying these vlogs I love you and I'll
talk to you later goodbye
Oh
