this is live we'll find out in a minute
we'll find out once you guys start
tweeting me
it's private 'add or the audio doesn't
work or something like that thing's
working I'm just gonna post it on my
facebook my internet really slow so are
you working I can hear myself ready oh
gosh okay Cory and I are just talking
about how my computer gives you like
this weird glow and makes you look
greasy and glowing when you're not like
I have really dry skin but for some
reason every time my live stream I like
look like I'm wet I'm also I am aware
that I'm wearing the worst metallic
lipstick before I got on the plane to
fledge Canada and for god I was wearing
it and it's long lasting Hanny let me
tell you it's been on all day and I
forgot I was even wearing it um but yeah
anyway hey um I'm back in Vancouver and
I was doing like a little DM spree and
like just damming a bunch of you guys
and I was like you know what let's just
do a live stream because I can talk to
more of you if I do a live stream than
if I'm trying to like DM all of you
because see right now there's 1,400
people on here and I can talk to 14-inch
people but there's no make of DM to 1400
people
is there a hashtag did you think of
something a hashtag can be I don't know
you guys know this is like always the
worst part is me trying to figure out a
hashtag I can never do it I will say
that Cory and I walked to get poutine
tonight and I had like three or four
bites of his poutine and I'm like so
furious that I didn't get any for myself
but I don't need it because it's 11 p.m.
and I don't want to eat poutine in the
middle of the night late night with
choline is fine for popsicles blue
Blaine let's do blue Blaine hashtag boob
lean all of you guys been talking about
my chesticles lately because listen
handy I was stressed before I came up
here for production before we came up to
shoot the show I was really stressed and
I wasn't eating and because I was so
stressed when I was eating it was just
like coming out like water every single
day so I lost a lot of weight I was like
the skinniest I've ever been like in my
whole life and then I came up to Canada
and I was really happy like being up
here is like the happiest I've ever been
so now I was eating a lot and um so I
gained the weight back that I had lost
and so my boobs came back so now my
boobs are always out and about and you
guys are always talking about my tits
so yeah boob lean is fine um
I can't believe you guys they're up I
always I do so late have you gone to
smoke Riis poutine yet they have one on
Grandville and it's bomb ass poutine
Sarah that's cycling we'll have to try
it smoke Ruiz I'm gonna write that down
because I want to try that sounds only
really yeah I married him smuggler ease
oh it is I'll go up to try that okay
alrighty kids what do you wanna talk
about um let's see you guys are crazy
staying up so late you don't shoot wait
it's summer I was gonna say don't you
have school tomorrow but it's summertime
so I guess you don't have school
tomorrow
um okay someone said and I don't want to
call you out because this might be a
personal why do I feel like crying and I
don't know why lol has this happened to
you yes it has happened to me it's
happened to everyone that is called
growing up and starting to feel things
you never felt before but even so
there's some days now where I'm like I
kind of feel like I just need to cry
and then you just cry and then you feel
better it's okay to cry as long as you
don't like cry all the time every single
day that's like that's not good
but everyone smile that's fine sometimes
I cry I show you guys when I do I get
you guys Cameron cry the best combo
I like lay down on my bed I cry okay Mia
said it's 402 p.m. in Australia so you
can finally watch the livestream that's
amazing
Michaela said will there be bloopers
from haters back off I hope so because
we laughed a lot I was trying to edit
together a video of bloopers just from
like Miranda videos in the past couple
weeks but I am the worst at like I
delete everything after I posted it so I
can't find like half the footage like
when I did the Slurpee bath with Joey
like we laughed so much and I wanted to
put in the blue trio but I think I
delete it so um yeah hopefully the
haters back off people won't like the
footage
cuz I definitely deleted all my footage
oh my god my newest assault anchee
tonight autumn wants to know where I got
my hat I got my hat at Urban Outfitters
and um I'm hosting the vlog tomorrow
Gabriel are you watching um anyway I oh
I my vlog is coming out tomorrow because
I haven't been told I was seeing stuff
on my vlog channel cuz I was filming at
VidCon for my main channel whatever but
I'm still vlogging on my vlog on this
channel so you'll see any vlog tomorrow
but in it you'll see Joshua saying that
he likes this hat now which was not the
case when he first saw me in it cuz I
came I flew home from Canada and then
Josh came home a couple hours after me
and he walked in the house he's like
nice hat I was like Road cuz I think
it's cute I like this hat and he totally
shaded me and I was like excuse me
you wear bandana hats so anyway no he
was fine he like apologized in my blog
so you guys will see that but he
definitely shaded this hat but I like it
because it hides my face it's like very
like I'm feeling lazy today so I'm
wearing a hat and it's plain and simple
and basic and that is exactly what I
wanted in this hat so Gabriel he's
watching hi gay man laughs you gabriel's
the guy like basically takes any picture
you've ever seen of me he's the best um
Riley wants to know how was VidCon it
was awesome really really really fun uh
Sarah said are you singing about coming
to Australia for VidCon 2017 in
Melbourne I didn't even know that was
happening of doing a VidCon there I
didn't knew dear Greta wants to know if
I wear contacts I do not I wish I needed
to wear contacts because it is my
dreamland to have glasses like all I
want in my life is to have to wear
glasses because I love glasses I think
anyone who puts on glasses is instantly
hotter like it could be anyone on the
planet and you put glasses on them and
I'm like I want to make out with you
like any human like any of you if like
in your in your icon of you're wearing
glasses I'm like oh my gosh that's the
most beautiful person I've ever seen in
my life I don't know why I just does
anyone else feel that way I feel like a
lot of people think glasses are like
nerdy but I really like this do you like
glasses Cory you're not like me I don't
know that I've ever met anyone else who
like loves glasses as much as I do who
love them and I sometimes wear like fake
glasses and I'm a poser but then I feel
like a douchebag because I'm wearing
fake glasses so I'm like so excited for
the day where my vision starts to go and
I have to wear glasses
um let's see
Joetta at purty little secret said what
was your favorite thing about VidCon
this year well I did two things at
VidCon I did a performance with
Miranda's uncle and myrrh and his best
friend and that was cool it was really
cool to have like my friends see this
world cuz like Eric and Steve who play
when his uncle - best friend are actors
and they're not on the internet like at
all ever like Steve doesn't even have an
Instagram account and Eric like never
teach wheats like once a week which is
very different from me and so it was
cool to have like take people from my
haters back off world who are just like
strictly actors and don't know anything
about the internet and showing them like
that is - how you can show someone the
internet and like the power of the
Internet is taking them to VidCon and
they both thought it was really cool and
it was really exciting to have them
there and yeah it was just cool like I
don't know I was very exciting but I
think my favorite part was my Q&A was
really really fun and I was really
nervous I thought no one was gonna come
to my QA cuz it was like the same time
as this variety show and I don't know I
was like I don't think it's gonna go but
a lot of people came and it was really
cool to come on stage and see all these
people like that were there for my Q&A I
was like oh my god no way it was really
crazy it was really cool okay what was
the last thing you ate that's from
Olivia
poutine I had a few bites of poutine and
on the plane I had a couple bites of
like this gross couscous rice they fed
us what did you get the chicken - for us
bad it was like who's supposed to be
chicken but it was like not the color of
chicken it was like the color of like
what your poop look looks like after you
eat chicken like it didn't look like
real food and it was like on top of that
of like soggy couscous it was not cute
good Bonnie said they're bringing VidCon
to Amsterdam in 2017 is this true
because I'm going Amsterdam is like one
of my favorite cities in the whole
entire universe and I'm really excited
because this
I'm going to Copenhagen in August and
I've never been there but I've heard
it's like sort of kind of like Amsterdam
and I love Amsterdam my favorite cities
in the world are Santa Barbara Amsterdam
and n bro Scotland
those are like my favorite city Mary
said where'd you get your outfit for
VidCon the one you were while performing
so at VidCon I was wearing a crop top
and high-waisted jeans and I can show
you because I'm sure I have a picture of
it on my thumbs let me just get to it
give me a second but that's now but I
wear it a lot of my shows now like I've
never been comfortable and like
high-waisted jeans ever in my life I've
always thought I looked really weird in
them and like crop tops I was never
comfortable in but once I lost when I
lost all that weight I was like a little
bit more comfortable wearing a crop top
but now I've gained the weight back and
I was like man I don't care no I'm just
like don't care anymore I'll just wear
whatever um but hold on to find it
here's a picture of me and kandi oh
she's so cute um doesn't mean kandi so
you can see is like a black crop top
that was like sparkly and high-waisted
jeans so guys listen I am a cheap
shopper I don't spend a lot of money on
clothes or anything like like I don't
spend oh here's a better picture of my
outfit cuz you didn't actually see me um
can you see that um so the crop top was
from H&M I got it on sale for like $10
when I was on tour the joshing tour this
January the pans are from forever 21
and they're like ten dollars they're
just like high-waisted black jeans like
stretchy jeans and they're like too
short on me
but they're like 10 bucks and then my
shoes I think my shoes are from H&M -
they're like glittery pointy heels um so
my whole outfit was probably costs under
30 or $40 but I'm a super super
cheap shopper I get made fun of a lot
for that but girl whatever um let's see
squeaking friend seen said carry on
essentials I'm flying for the first time
ever and I don't know what to bring so
I'm not really the right girl to ask
about stuff like that because I'm not
your typical girl when it comes to like
what I take with me everywhere I don't
carry a purse ever so I never have a
purse full of stuff so I don't have what
most people would have but this is the
backpack I traveled with and I have my
laptop that's like the one thing that
I'm like have to have any time I fly
like I have to have my laptop and I have
to have like TV episodes or movies
downloaded on the laptop so those are
essentials let's see what I have in here
okay I have headphones my passport I
have I brought pictures with me from
VidCon cuz I'm gonna put them on my wall
I have see stuff from VidCon I have
American gosh and Canadian cash gum is
an essential like a chapstick a pen like
a snack so these are delicious
I love the valley nature bar things like
I'm really obsessed with them headphone
splitter this is a must from you can
always travel with someone like Corey or
Rachel or Josh my mom and it's nice to
be able to like split the sound with
someone so that we can all watch the
same things I don't like doing anything
by myself you've been watching a TV show
I don't like to do by myself so that's
good let's see in here I have my
medicine and I have a phone charger
sorry this is the most boring Tarte eye
palette
which um oh oh I have my tens machine
this is for my like my shoulder when it
starts to get sore I put this on it and
zap my arm I see hots for my shoulder a
journal
I like to journal a lot so I have a
little chair on here my wallets and
that's pretty much it I have this like
the lip stuff I'm wearing right now
which is like it's beautiful but like
why am i white like this is like glam
like this is what you wear like for a
photo shoot or something and like why
did I put this on today
look at that it's not crazy this is a
crazy color he's not nuts I look like a
robot oh my god anyway I got the VidCon
NYX Cosmetics this is so intense I'm
gonna take it off now very intense oh my
god I look like crazy
let me see you another question while
I'm taking this off very intense y'all
um let's see Jeremy Spann said did you
like acting or producing more on haters
back off love you so much you're my
number one you're my number one - uh oh
my gosh this stuff is thick my favorite
acting or producing I love both i really
like producing because i think I have a
good eye for it I think I'm good at it
and I enjoy it a lot
however producing is very stressful like
very very stressful there's always a
problem that needs to be fixed
there's always something going wrong
like so producing is very very very
stressful but I do love it and I'm
really grateful that I get to produce my
own show because that's not normal and
most people aren't that lucky usually
like a television network would pick up
your show and then take it and do
whatever they want with it and they've
been very great about letting me kind of
like have a lot of control but acting is
my favorite and this show was very
challenging for me um I'm don't consider
myself an actress I I would not ever say
that I am a good actress or like I like
to act and I've always liked to act I've
always wanted to be an actress but I've
never considered myself like a great
actress and we wrote a lot of really
hard scenes for me to do and um I was
really nervous about it like there's a
lot of like you're seeing a side of
Miranda that you've never seen before
and it was it was hard for me to do it
and um but there's not there's not
really feeling like when you are in
front of camera and you're acting out a
scene with another great actor and you
finish and you're like oh my god that
was great like I loved that it's really
weird like you go like I've never done
anything as big as this before I've
never done like I've acted before in
front of the camera but I've never done
anything this big with this big of a
production and so to be able to surprise
myself to be able to like get into
character and like not even know the
cameras are there and be able to act
with another person and be in character
I'm being seen was really a crazy
experience and I've never felt that way
before so that was really exciting and
fun for me so I think acting is my
favorite that was really long-winded
answer I'm sorry as all of the people
stopped watching okay oh you know what I
want to do um where is my polaroid cuz
okay so I have this Polaroid camera and
first of all I just wiped off all my lip
stuffs and I'm gonna put lip stuff on
cuz I wiped off the other stuff okay
so I'm gonna take a Polaroid photo well
this is empty no more I'm gonna give it
out I'm gonna send it to someone who's
watching so I know that's like the most
conceited thing ever see they can't
shoot me but it's a quick and easy way
to like sign something and you guys know
it's from me and it's yeah anyway so if
you want this Polaroid that I'm about to
take all you have to do is just tweet
the link of this livestream be like hey
come watch planes livestream it's really
boring and um you don't have to say that
you can say whatever you want to suite
the length of the livestream so many
values like 10 50 more minutes and I'm
gonna find someone who use the hashtags
wait what was the hashtag blue Bleen I
don't care what this I don't care you
can hashtag whatever you want just tweet
the link to this livestream and I'm just
gonna pick someone at random and I'll DM
you and get your address and I'll send
it to you so okay you ready it's gonna
be the hole should I take a picture with
I don't know I'm just gonna take it you
ready wait what should i do I don't know
what pose to do I love you I love you
why am I so nervous it's very weird to
take a picture and have people watching
you take a picture I think I wasn't
ready for that I'll take two and we'll
pick the good one and I'll send that
same one okay okay so now I have to do
if you want to win or if you not wins
like you're winning anything these are
lame
um if you want one of these I will sign
it and send you a little note reg you
little note just tweet the link to this
livestream out right now and I will find
someone and I will send this to you um
but in the meantime I'm going to answer
another question so keep asking those
questions keep them coming the questions
of the night um where's my career
disagree
when are you gonna get a cat yeah I
don't know probably never cuz I'm never
home
I've been Canada different and do you
miss your family life in Canada is
really different it's totally different
I didn't think I would like it as much
as I do but I really love it up here I
don't know about all of Canada but all I
know is Vancouver and um I really love
it like I love this city I love that you
can walk around at night and feel really
safe and there's lots to do the food in
Canada's incredible the people are all
really nice there's just so much you and
it's beautiful like I think that's my
favorite part about Canada or Vancouver
is that it's just one of the most
beautiful places I've ever seen in my
life um it's it's really really pretty
here so I really like it I like Canada a
lot so to see the next question tell
Siri to marry you okay
Siri will you marry me I'm not the
marrying kind
Coleen Coleen that's kind of rude I'm
sorry are you sorry I'm sorry
Coleen I'm afraid I can't answer that
lastly all right um let's see Elizabeth
said when are you coming back to LA I'm
going back to LA for the fourth of July
which is one of my favorite holidays
I will also be home for my one-year
wedding anniversary but then I come
right back up so I I come back up like
bright and early in the morning after
the fourth of July on the fifth and then
I'll be up here forever
then I'm up here until I go on tour so
I'll be here for a while playing here
okay I'm gonna pick a winner for these
things right now did you do who wants
roll into once and now because I hear
the Polaroids I'll show you them smiling
and a kissing they're not as bad as I
thought they were gonna be I mean
they're not great but actually I'm gonna
wait to do that because I don't wanna
like be damning and whatever so if
you've tweeted me the link
if you've tweeted the link to this video
like you will be in the running for this
thing um and it's kind of a lame prize
if you ask me let's see cats or dogs I
like both my cats
the dogs almost against will you be
doing vlogmas kami Pippin asked yes I
will
I'm already vlogging everyday so I don't
see how it'll be any different is this
thing still working I feel like it froze
did it freeze what's happening um Jim
Jam Tim Tamsin can you give me some tips
and editing apps because I'm starting
YouTube I use Final Cut X Final Cut 10
is what I like to use but you can use
whatever editing program you're used to
I used to only edit on iMovie that was
the only thing I knew how to use and
then I taught myself Final Cut and it is
way better but yeah I don't know you
it's a lot of you doing YouTube's a lot
of work but it's really fun um someone
just said good sweet wow
that's great the worst and
Christmas present you ever got the worst
I don't know I don't I think any present
and some gives you a present like it's
nice so like I wouldn't say any present
is bad um but the best Christmas present
I ever got
mmm I don't know I love Christmas I love
all the presents I don't think I have a
favorite there's nothing that like
sticks out in my mind is like oh that
was like no thanks I got it thanks to my
flash Oh Gabriel here's a question
neverending story or labyrinth labyrinth
hello neverending story I never was
super into because um I didn't like that
like flying thing it like freaked me I
like dog flying animal thing I don't
remember the name of it freaked me out I
was like what is this thing someone just
said you like croissants Jana Jana Jana
said you like croissants yes
who doesn't like croissants and I'm
about to blow your mind because the best
thing you can ever eat for breakfast in
your whole life get a croissant like a
fresh croissant cut it in half get some
scrambled eggs some bacon some cheese
some avocado slices and put some mail on
that croissant put all this stuff in
there put the top on you can toast the
croissant a little bit oh it is so good
I had it like every single day on set it
was so good okay boob lien is trending
that's incredible and weird okay let's
see a period story Oh Shania a period
story I've told you the worst one which
is when I was not wearing underwear and
I went on a date with Josh and he took
me this really fancy place and I'm not
good in fancy restaurants like I'm very
uncomfortable in them and I don't know
how to act and I just like I'd rather go
to like Taco Bell but he took me this
really fancy restaurant and Joshua likes
doing that Josh loves going out to super
fancy places and spending image iliyan
dollars on food and I'm like girl I
could've made
for $15 um doing took Mia's place and
they sat us on like white cushioned
chairs and I sat down and my period
started and I was not wearing underwear
and I was sitting on a white couch and
you know the rest of the story it was
horrible I told you about that in a
YouTube video a couple years ago though
so you've been watching me long enough
you already know that story um
Isabella tan said best foreign food
you've had oh man while of poutine it's
all I can think about right now I kind
of want to go get some more poutine um
best foreign food in Germany Josh and I
found this restaurant that had I don't
even know what it is it's like a ball
that they haven't a lot of restaurants
in Germany of like it's like potato
question mark I'm not sure what it is
but it's really good
but we had that would like meat and like
this red wine beer gravy and I can't in
like and fermented red cabbage like it
was the weirdest meal but it was so
delicious Germany is a really good food
and then I went to a three-star Michelin
restaurant in Amsterdam or right outside
of Amsterdam and it was one of the
coolest experiences of my life there's a
vlog of it I think on this channel
somewhere so if you search us it was
whatever I was in Amsterdam so if you
want to see this in the best food around
that's a good place to see it all right
I'm gonna answer one more question and
I'm gonna pick winners for the Polaroids
okay hmm
oh my god Payton said there's a soccer
mom live streaming's to come watch ID
look like a soccer mom right now
Alisha Green said what's your favorite
part of the internet like what makes you
the happiest about the internet love you
I love you too um I like everything
about the internet I don't know I guess
I don't like the hate on the internet
but I like that um you can make friends
on the Internet like that's how I've met
a lot of my friends and how you got a
lot of you guys have met each other
because of the internet um I really
really enjoy sharing my life with people
like I think right now it changes like
every day I like a different part of the
internet like something else about it
like makes me really happy but right now
I've been vlogging a lot and I really
love like filming my life and showing it
to people on sharing it with people and
like having it documented so that like
later I can go back and look I can look
back on my life like I love looking back
on like Bailey when she was a little
girl and me seven years ago and seeing
how much I've changed and what what I
was like then and what I am like now and
like you know I don't know like the last
couple weeks I've been vlogging every
day and like walking home from work and
vlogging walking home from work and
showing Vancouver and what I'm doing
like stuff that I'd probably forget if I
didn't vlog them like going to dinner
with a friend like I might forget about
that in a year if I didn't film it and
so it's just cool that I have it all
documented I think I really like that
and I like sharing it I really enjoy
sharing it and seeing what you guys have
to say about my life and my day and um I
don't know I love that I love I love
making friends on the internet and how
like a tweet could make my day like one
tweet from you guys that makes me laugh
like could make my whole day I don't
know I love everything about dinner man
I can't recall all of it all blah blah
blah blah feels okay I'm gonna pick a
winner for these Polaroid's as two of
them here so I'm gonna give out both
let's see this is hard it's gonna be
hard
pick let's see oh my god I don't want to
pick oh I hate this part
okay this is gonna be hard for me to do
I'm like going to your pages and seeing
this thing like okay so this lovely
Queen Allison at Josh lean ing um said
watch Colleen and her dad had which i
think is funny so I will send you one so
medium you right now
hey I guess I've got that and I need one
more so if you tweeted the link to this
livestream at some point throughout this
livestream like you're in the running to
have me send one of these to you this is
like the hardest decision of my life I
hate this I always hate having to like
pick a winner I'm going back and see all
righty guys I'm trying to find one I'll
find one in a second sorry this is
boring to watch so hope you guys are all
like watching an anticipation to see it
was good Owen was it gonna be I'm trying
to find people where is everyone
tweeting the link I think I went back
too far so here we go hmm
I like reading all your tweens sorry I'm
getting distracted the farm and make so
they become line me up I'm trying to
find someone sorry
this is a very hard decision for me um
let's see who are you okay Megan misses
VidCon at Meghan e1 you get the second
one so I need your address to send you
this Roy laughs you all righty so there
you go guys that's my live stream thanks
for hanging out with me for a little bit
I love you you're all beautiful and I
hope you have the happiest day ever
thanks for hanging out and I'll see you
next time
