ba-ba-ba-ba-ba all the fields above mama
uh I am feeling it today honey I'm so
tired I'm so tired hi guys umm I woke up
early woke up at 8:00 and went and got
shot so you can see my little you can
I'll show you I got all these little
shots um you see all these little prick
marks here here here here here it's all
down my back all down my neck and it oh
and it hurts it hurts it hurts
oh I've kind of explained it before but
I'll explain it again so I get these
shots um and it's called Prolotherapy
and it's new and a lot of people think
it's bull and um I'm at a point where
I'm just trying anything and everything
to feel better because I'm sick of being
in pain and um my doctor said like I
don't need a surgery I just need to rest
it and it'll get better on its own but I
have been trying that for two years and
it's not helping and I am sick of being
in pain and not being able to use my arm
and I hate that it hurts when I play the
ukulele for five minutes it hurts when
I'm editing it hurts when I'm texting on
my phone with my right hand and I'm
right-handed
so like everything hurts like something
that you guys probably wouldn't even
think about is painful for me like
eating cereal like it hurts to eat
cereal and I am sick of it and so I'm
trying anything and everything to make
it better and um one of the things I'm
going to start doing is going back to
physical therapy so hopefully physical
therapy will help um my face looks
really yellow like compared to my skin
like it's my foundation that off right
now or is it the lighting or do I just
like am i wearing yellow foundation
anyway so I'm going to I'm gonna start
going to physical therapy and I get
Prolotherapy which are these injections
and I I sit and I take pain meds and I
do all these things and nothing young
works and I'm so over it I'm
Oh over it guys like I hate it um I know
I talk about it all the time and I annoy
myself with how much I talk about it um
I'm happy that I don't need to get a
surgery like that is great news but I'm
also kind of pissed because I was hoping
I could get the surgery and just be
better like I'm so sick of this and I
hate that everyone for the last two
years of my life has just said like oh
it'll get better on its own like I have
been living with this for two years and
I'm so sick of it I can't believe I'm
feeling emotional about it but like I'm
over it so alright
I did not think I was gonna get
emotional she want to use my arm like a
frickin person like you want to be able
to use my arm like people use their arms
it looked like a toe and I'm sorry and
Cory just got home would you get a pizza
oh maybe I'll go get some pizza I kinda
want to create story of my life
is it bad you get a strawberry chocolate
crepe for lunch anyway I need to pack
and um I run a couple of errands and
then we're going to airport and I'm
going home oh my god bounce Monta Marc
um I'm not gonna be a VidCon alone guys
I'm making a big announcement on the
main stage at VidCon and I'm going to
have a couple special guests with me on
stage and I'm really excited about it
okay oh my god I'm breaking out so bad
okay bye okay guys so now Coyne and I
are out and about
after going crazy on snapchat so you
guys should follow us on snapchat
um I'm obsessed as much I think it's my
favorite app right now
but we are out shopping again we have a
couple hours till the plane or til our
ride fixes up tickets the airplane and
we went to American Apparel which is a
store that I always scoff at because
it's expensive and like I don't know I
just never go in at but today I was like
I'm going crazy we didn't like outfits
before it's a lie
yeah we did in Canada which is seven
weird and usually I like try so hard to
find outfits before that I can never
find anything and have to make them
myself but like who'da thought that in
Canada is a place where I find an outfit
look at line nobody's buying the USA
flags here so we're like we're like well
I am so I'm in a bookstore and look who
I found
Ricky Dillon he's so sweet and everyone
go buy his book if you haven't already
um he wrote about me in there and I am
honored what an honor Ricky thank you I
don't know if you watch my blogs
probably not but I love you and so proud
of you and your book here the best oh my
gosh look at the other books in the I
feel like a bunny glozell greens book
Cory's purchasing it for himself
the last communist oh my god ganha
closed down laughs a copy on a stock
Tyler Oakley oh my god all the youtubers
are living their lives so exciting to
see youtubers books and stores I don't
know it just makes me so happy I never
see mine like I feel like mine is never
in any store but I always get super
excited when I see other youtubers I
like always take a picture or
snapchatted or like filmin send it to
someone like it's always very exciting
and I'm not supposed to be playing the
ukulele but I like girls sometimes you
- no give it give it give it give it
yeah yeah you got to
huh my girlfriend's day
give it give it give it give it tell me
all the reason you've got to
but you always say you don't believe
alright guys I'm home and oh my god I
have the variety first of all I'm not on
the cover at all
so whenever one's like you're on the
cover variety and varieties like we want
to show you for the cover I'm definitely
not the cover I'm the first page that
which is so I'm not complaining because
it's still very exciting but that is not
the cover but what's cooler than this
like this is really cool like the fact
that I'm in here is really cool but
what's even cooler is like opening up to
the story and look at this guy's this is
so weird and cool just so exciting like
I cannot believe it it's so weird seeing
like I'm used to seeing Miranda and so
like this but to see me on a huge page
and variety is like blowing my mind this
is so weird how does this toe get
glammed out like that like this is so
cool oh my god I'm like freaking out a
little bit oh my god so cool
this is definitely one of the coolest
things that has ever happened to me
and I don't know it's very exciting um
alright I'm home and I need to pick out
outfits for VidCon because I go to
become tomorrow I'm so excited and
yeah then I'm gonna go to bed and wake
up and have a couple meetings and go to
VidCon any really good day I'm so
excited
Oh
