ba-ba-ba-ba-ba all the fields above maps
so no I got it I got it I'm used to this
I can hold it up be our editing and I've
been having Corey bring us doughnuts but
apparently I've been getting the wrong
doughnuts these beautiful men brought me
these incredible doughnuts you know what
the flavors are this is bacon on it it
looks chocolate I don't know do you guys
know what these are this strawberry
shares a whole bunch of coconut nuts and
oh my gosh
they look so good I'm gonna like cut him
in half and try all of them I'm so
excited what's up you guys
so today I'm vlogging look at me I am
vlogging yesterday I did not vlog I
apologize for that for like that weird
vlog I was in a bad mood for the day but
I'm better now I'm not invited at all
I'm actually a great witch today I'm
happy and excited about the show and
about life and yeah sometimes just keep
a bad mood you know sometimes just like
grumpy man my life is hard even when
it's not so that was my mood hey was my
last day editing because tomorrow I'm
going to LA because I'm going to VidCon
which is so exciting I really stoked
last year was so much fun at VidCon I
caused a huge commotion last year oh my
god how am I not talked about this yet
I'm on the cover of variety today like
Who am I
okay guys what is my life okay so I woke
up this morning I can't believe I'm
talking about this yet today is a huge
day
um so I woke up this morning to a bunch
of tweets from you guys telling me that
I was on the cover of variety I had no
idea that that was coming out today I
shot it a couple weeks ago and it came
out today and I had no idea that that
was gonna happen it was such a nice
surprise it's a really cool article and
yeah I was really excited about it and I
hope I put this on my Instagram but I
want to say it here too like the coolest
part about being on the cover which
obviously it's weird and crazy that
miranda is on the cover of variety
just what is my life that is mad but the
coolest part about today though was how
many people who are so supportive of me
because I don't think that happens like
in Hollywood in general like you don't
see people who are in movies and stuff
posting about other people's movies and
other people's interviews and other
people's article like that doesn't
really happen and I think that I'm I
feel really lucky that I'm in a job and
in a cool space in on YouTube where
everyone on YouTube supports each other
like that was the close part for me
today it was like just seeing how
awesome that community is grace Helbig
tweeted it Tyler Oakley tweeted it it's
just crazy me because those are people
that I've like always looked up to just
everyone who texted me today and tweeted
me today are people that I've always
admired and inspired me to work hard and
I learned from them and the only reason
I'm doing any of this is because of
those people because they paved the way
for me and taught me how to be a
youtuber and inspired me and so I don't
know it was just a really cool moment to
see them all like supporting me and
encouraging me when the only reason I'm
doing any of this is because of them I
don't know it just made me really happy
needs to be a part of this community and
no I'm just proud to be a youtuber and
I'm proud of youtubers and I hope that
this show is success for many reasons
because I'm proud of it and I think it's
good and I think it's different and
unique and a new style of television and
I hope it I hope people like it I don't
know if they will but more than anything
I hope that it opens the doors for other
youtubers because youtubers still are
having our time being like accepted as
like you know creators and talented
people so I hope that it can like pave
the way for other youtubers to be able
to do cool stuff what happens I don't
know
in any case right now I'm just excited
to be doing it and I'm excited that
YouTube is just so cool and everyone on
YouTube is so awesome and supportive and
blah blah blah blah all the fields above
beautiful yeah this video is going to be
called firing my director what up y'all
so we went to that taco place it was
super fun and look how pretty Vancouver
is you can't really tell through you
can't really tell through this glass but
it is very really he got though at all
Andrew and his girlfriend were here and
they're so awesome I love them I love
that I love the people in this project
so much and I feel annoying because I
know it's like all I talk about in these
vlogs is this show but right now my life
is 24/7
haters back off on Netflix so it's all I
think about and it's all I talk about
but it's my life right now and I'm
really proud of it and excited about it
so I want to talk about it anyway Andrew
was such an incredible director to work
with and is such an incredible director
to work with and just an awesome friend
and human it was cool to just hang out
with him tonight
and eat tacos and drink beer and like
talk about the show and talk about the
future and other projects we've worked
on and he's just he's so talented he's
so awesome but anyway today was a great
day and tomorrow I'm getting my shots in
my arm I'm getting a bunch of shots and
then I am running some errands and then
I'm getting on a plane and going to LA
so that I can go to VidCon on Thursday
I'm so excited are you going to VidCon
leave a comment below if you've ever
been to VidCon or if you're going to
VidCon this year I hope to see you if
you see me like just be like Colin and I
will be like hello and we will hug and
it will be awesome I'm so excited for
VidCon I'm not doing a meet-and-greet
this year so if I see you guys I'm gonna
be like I'm taking a freaking picture
cuz I
you do a mean great but I want to take
pictures of you guys so if you see me
scream hi and I'll come take pictures of
you sorry once again this vlog was not
very entertaining but oh my god I'm
gonna cover on Variety magazine Oh what
the hell I guess I'm gonna sleep let me
talk about them so boring okay wait
