don't listen to me I'm just a bad kid so
what's up guys
I have not vlogs at all today I have
this one little creepy clip of Andrew I
didn't vlog at all today it was just a
day in the office I woke up went
straight to work and it was at work
until now which is 10 p.m. you know it
looks like it's like 7:00 and yeah I
didn't vlog I there was nothing to film
those in the office so now I'm just
walking home I don't know today is like
I'm kind of grumpy today
I feel like I'm finally realizing that
like I haven't had a day off in like
ever
I don't like I honestly can't remember a
day or I didn't work like I don't
remember and I love my job and I love
working and I'd rather work than do
anything else so I'm not complaining I'm
just like I found myself getting really
grumpy tonight in the office like we
were sitting and editing and we've been
editing this one scene for like five
hours and couldn't get it right and I
was getting so frustrated and just
grumpy like I was just grumpy and I was
like fighting back like with the
producer and the editor like no this is
a scene that should be and I was like
fighting over like stupid things I don't
know and that's so not me like and I
realized I think I'm just tired like I
think I'm my body and my brain are just
like over it and I think all I need is
just like a day where I have a break
like yesterday was my day off this week
and I use quotation marks which I
usually make fun of when people use them
but I used them because I worked all day
yesterday and I got like 3 or 4 hours
off and I went shopping which was
awesome and I needed that
but I woke up early and I was writing a
song and recording a song and then
filming all these videos and then I went
shopping and then
was editing all night and like I don't
and I think the hard part is that like
I'm complaining about nothing like this
is so not relatable and this is so
annoying and what is it rude what a
horrible thing to complain about like
I'm complaining about the job that I
love and that makes me really happy and
it's what I've dreamed of doing my whole
life but sometimes you just need a break
and I think I just want like I don't I
don't know everything no because I don't
want a break like I don't I don't know I
think you're just in a weird mood today
guys I don't know how but I think I just
want a day off like oh here's here's my
issue is that like there's no when I
think about the future and like what is
coming in the next few months like I
don't get a day off and I think that's
what's stressing me out I think I'd be
able to make it through these crazy
workdays and these crazy weeks if I knew
like oh it's okay because you know at
the in a month I get to have a couple
days off but that doesn't exist for me
like right now it doesn't the next time
I know that I get a day off is in
December
that's that's really far away no you
know I have my anniversary on so I'll be
home with my anniversary and that's not
far away it's July 2nd but marriages
work y'all that ain't no day off
anyway no I'm just kidding I'm really
looking forward to that that'll be a
nice day to like relax with Josh I don't
know what I'm complaining about I hate
that I'm complaining never mind don't
listen to me I'm just a bad dude
