Oh boobs McGee good morning I look
terrifying oh girl I have to record a
song and then I'm doing much myrna
videos so that is why I look like a
monster because I'm Miranda supposed to
look like a monster
here we go my record a song you guys
can't hear it yet I'm Miranda and I'm on
YouTube so whenever I recorded Miranda
songs um or any song I guess I record it
on my phone and then I send it to myself
and then put it into my computer I do
have like better recording equipment but
with Miranda doesn't matter so I just
record out my phone I've gotta edit this
now
struggles of being a youtuber are very
strange
so I don't since I'm out of town I don't
have a Miranda wall so I have this towel
that Netflix gave me is a wrap gift from
the show so I hung that up and then my
camera died so I'm charging that camera
and I'm using my phone to film to vlog
and then I'm using my other camera to
film videos but then this camera died
and so I'm charging that battery and
it's just everything is dying if you're
on YouTube you will know the struggle of
like every single battery dying in every
single camera and then all your SD cards
being full and then needing format a
card and like all this stuff like always
goes wrong when you have a million
videos to shoot and that is what is
happening to me today and it is so fresh
we finished filming videos I filmed four
videos today wait one two three four
three four I don't know but now it is
3:30 or 4s like that and we're gonna go
run another cafe crepe place and we're
getting crepes in the middle of the day
when we're not even hungry this is how
you gain weight ladies and gents this is
how I went from being like 111 pounds
119 pounds in a month I'm very proud of
myself I got
I got Intelli strawberry-banana would
you get dog Hoffman stronger mmm so good
divine what up y'all so we just got home
from shopping all day and it was really
fun it was nice I never get to go
shopping anymore so the fact that we had
a couple hours for you to go do that was
really awesome and exciting I thought I
would do something that I never do which
is like a haul I love watching beauty
gurus but I'm not a beauty guru so I
don't post that stuff on my main channel
but this vlog channel I just kind of
post whatever I want
and so um that's what I'm gonna do and I
want to shoot as what I got today look
at that Sun is making my eyes look so
Brown here we go so first we'll start
with Nordstrom I got these sunglasses
because I don't have any sunglasses up
here these are Corey's I stole them from
him today which are like total snatch
face glasses but these are just very
simple plain aviators I don't have I
don't even think I own sunglasses at
home like I typically don't wear them
like they're like rose gold limp young
Wow
next thing I got at Nordstrom was just
this plain green tank top I realized
today I go in like phases whenever I go
shopping I always get like a certain
color like I always like lean towards
the color like sometimes I go shopping
and it's all like baby pink and
sometimes I go shopping it's all black
today for some reason it was all this
like olive green colors all I wanted to
buy every time I went to the dressing
room was like stuff this color and I
don't know what that means I remember
someone told me once that it means that
it has to do with like your mood like
whatever color you're picking out
reflects what mood you're in and like if
it's blue it means you're in love and
like all stuff I don't know if that's
true but whatever this color means
that's my mood cuz I keep buying stuff
like that
next I bought this which I am obsessed
with I don't even know this is supposed
to be a shirt or like a bra but I'm
gonna wear it it shirt it's so cute on
its I think it's a shirt I don't know it
looks kind of like a bra but when you're
wearing super high-waisted jeans
I feel like I could wear this and wear
like a leather jacket over it and like I
feel like I could pull it off and it
wouldn't be it wouldn't look too skank
oh but it's so pretty like I really
really love it the lace on it is like
super pretty and it's I don't have
anything like it um I don't know I think
it's pretty maybe I'll wear it on my
anniversary or something oh no forever
21 because yes I'm an adult woman who
should not be shopping at forever 21 but
I do because listen the clothes are
cheap and they're cute and I I don't
know I don't know why everyone like I
thought Mike's funny for jogging for 21
maybe because I'm too old or maybe it's
because the clothes are cheap and lame
but like I love it I got a new phone
case today so this is my old phone case
that I actually made it was it was just
a plain white phone case that Hannah
Hart gave to my niece Bailey and the
mainies Bailey painted a flower on it
but then all the paint peeled off and so
then I went to Michael's and got these
like sparkles and glued those on but
then they got really dirty as you can
tell and now it's just super gross so I
bought a new phone case which is this I
got it at Urban Outfitters it's super
cool it's like veldt it's crushed velvet
but I think it's super cool I got these
shoes at forever 21 I don't know why I
don't think I'll ever wear them but it's
one of those things like I love shoes
like this and I I feel like I buy them
often and I never wear them because I've
never brave enough to wear them which is
kind of stupid it looked kind of like
hipstery to me and I am so not a hipster
and I don't want anyone to think that
I'm trying to be a hipster because I
could never be cool enough to be a
hipster and so I don't know I've I had a
pair of shoes like this and then I got
rid of them and then I saw these today
from coming on I think they're cute and
so I got them but anyway
I got this crop top which right now just
looks like a sheet but you put this
around your head and then you tie this
around your waist and then it's a crop
job I got this romper um I love a good
romper and this one is super cute shows
off my butt cheeks a little bit which is
super scandalous Josh probably won't be
very happy about that but I got this
shirt which I love I wasn't sure about
I'm like I said I'm super in a crop tops
lately but this one just like was really
flattering on text message from oh no
one my travel past 24 hours session is
almost up another daily session will be
triggered by Intel talk text or data for
details visit Verizon comm it's very
depressing when you think you have
friends texting you and it's just I
found by happy last I went to Urban
Outfitters so actually first I would
Urban Outfitters which you guys saw me
try some stuff on there um I got this
which you guys saw on me um again that
olive green color it's such a weird
unflattering color I don't know why I
like it right now but I do I also got
the same one in black because I like the
way that one fit me so I went ahead and
picked one up in black 2 because I love
me some black crop tops clearly and last
but not least I got this blue dress and
I haven't tried this on yet so I'm gonna
try it on right now and see if it fits
me any better because if it doesn't I
need to go return it because you know
when you're like try something on and it
doesn't fit you right we have all the
other stuff you want to try on so then
when you go to get the right size you go
back to the dressing room and then the
line is like crazy long that's what
happened to me I was like well I'm not
going to try it on so I just I didn't
try it on I just went and bought it so I
feel like that's kind of crazy and I
shouldn't have done that especially
since it's really
but I'm gonna try it on right now and if
it doesn't fit me right I'm gonna return
it
Oh boobs McGee I'm totally wearing the
wrong bra I probably wouldn't wear a bra
with this so I just look like boobie
McGee over here um I like the way it's
flowy it is so booby but I kind of like
it you know if you got it flaunt it cuz
listen this is what bugs me about like
having boobs is that when you have them
people get mad if you show them but if
you don't have them no one can't like
like a girl with no boobs could wear
this and like hurt she could a girl no
boobs could wear a shirt down to like
here and like I have nothing and no one
would care but since I have boobs I look
like a skank like I don't know and it's
always really fun to me I mean these
girls are out to play right now I mean I
don't know if I feel like it still kind
of fits kind of weird but anyway that's
all the stuff I got today I had so much
fun shopping and I hope you guys like
this this is gonna be a really long
video that's my Sunday I think we're
gonna get some poutine tonight
hey y'all so Cory and I are out and
about at 11 p.m. because we didn't eat
dinner we had those crepes at like 5:00
but we need these dinners so we're going
to get poutine because Cory has not had
leukemia he's just had fries with gravy
on them but he hasn't had like a
traditional poutine dinner so all my
life had never grade the poo tea mousse
we went to fritz um read something just
Fred I like its press which reminds me
of the character Fritzi in the movie cam
which is like one of my movies of all
time which was played by Anna Kendrick
it was like the first thing big thing
she did and she tweeted you one oh my
god when she tweeted me I threw my phone
when Anna Kendrick tweeted me I
literally chucked my phone across the
room and almost shattered it because I
was so sad because I love her I love her
in general from everything she's done
but I really love her from the movie
camp because it is such a horribly good
movie anyway we ought to teen efforts
but if you guys have a recommendation of
a good place we should go get poutine
leave it in the comments you Canadians
or tweet me tell us where to get poutine
tell us where to get anything awesome
and we'll tell you how this is after we
eat it we are here here's the poutine
iPad versions of poutine but I haven't
had like really good poutine I've had
like kind of crappy poutine for a snappy
me mmm
mine aw damn little chunks of pulled
pork in it oh my god
and we got these sauces you can depend I
only got a small what an idiot issue I
like this the french fries and the gravy
kinda reminds you like mashed potatoes
mm-hmm oh my god that garlic mayo bring
it this bomb poutine what do you think
your first poutine I like it I like this
poutine we're gonna eat a bunch of
poutine and then have diarrhea go to bed
I love you guys I work tomorrow morning
so I'm gonna be in the office all day
boring but I'll see you guys mom
