I really have to do good morning
everyone happy Saturday or Sunday for
you I'm gonna do my hair because I'm
about to film a couple videos for second
soprano and there's always asking me for
a hair tutorial so I thought I would do
it on this channel if you guys don't
like hair tutorials makeup tutorials
anything just fast forward like halfway
through this video and then you can
watch my day
first I straighten my hair which I had
Cory do last night now another thing I
like to cover my forehead because for
obvious reasons I was trying to cut my
forehead so for those of you girls you
have big foreheads and hair that like
won't go forward all you gotta do is
like straighten it forward so you take
really thin chunks of hair like really
big sections and you get really close to
the scalp and just pull it forward like
this now it falls forward so you know at
the beginning of this video when I
started my hair was all like back but
now it falls forward like that so when I
curl it will kind of be in my face a
little bit more looks like part in my
hair this is how I do it like fast in
the morning I take a curling iron I use
1 inch because I like bigger curls
bigger waves and I just take chunks of
hair and curl it away from my face so
just like grab a chunk of hair like this
and I just curl it away from my face and
I start at the top into 4 seconds and
bring it down
and then while this want to cook it I
grabbed another truck repair it back
here that might delay snow time then or
all this want to skip in and get another
one
dry shampoo my hair to give it a little
bit of volume shake it up and then just
kind of look and see what pieces need
help but that's kind of it like that's
how I do my everyday look it's pretty
easy takes like ten minutes because I
really have to do some videos my I just
finished filming I need to take my
camera off the tripod I just finished
filming a video that I think I might
post today maybe tomorrow depends on if
I have time to edit it oh my god I'm
just trying to find something to take
this tripod ething me off my camera so
anyway I need to head to work now it is
2:00 in the afternoon I was supposed to
go into but drop me at 1:00 and I did
not I am still at my apartment
so I need to go save Christopher and
Gigi from the editing room and try to
take over a little bit so I love you
guys and I'll probably see you after
work because I can't film at work so I
will see you when it's dark outside bye
Oh mother I'm home I'm home
alright so um finally home is very long
day at work today I'm so tired and the
work is thought oh and I met my language
so hard I wanted to shoot a couple
videos tonight but before I do that I
wanted to play my ukulele because it's
what I do when I just need a break from
life i watch youtube videos or I cook or
play my uke and that's what I want to do
right now so I thought I would
since I'm vlogging everyday and this is
part of my day I was playing ukulele and
just by myself for the last like 20
minutes and I was like oh I might as
well film myself doing it and yeah so I
want to just play around on the uke and
that's what I'm gonna do for the next 15
minutes and then I'm gonna work again
when you is done with Nicoise
tell me a sunflower oh I'll show you
oh you know I do anything
fun fact that's the song that played
when jacob that fun fact that's the song
that played when the kids walked down
the aisle on my wedding day so Bailey
Jake Parker all them flower girls the
ring bearers that's the song that played
well my camera's gonna die I'm about to
switch to my phone y'all she is broken
was for hell she is messy but she's kind
she is most of the time if you know what
that's from major brownie points cuz
that is a musical theater song what else
do we get the bus baby back to the way
it was we were
all right guys it is in the night I did
a livestream and it is well past 1:00 in
the morning
we are making something for my main
psycho soprano channel we're making
right now and it smells amazing in here
and I'm really excited to eat it but I
can't show you because I want you guys
to watch my main channel so if you're
not already go subscribe to sexist
pranam but I feel like you probably are
if you're subscribed my vlogging channel
um anyway tomorrow I'm filming a bunch
of random videos so good to see me do
that and hopefully we can go shopping
kind of like have a normal night but who
knows probably I'll just end up working
more I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow thanks for hanging out with me
