hello we're gonna go find some food
she's bread I don't know what we're
gonna get most people if they have a day
in New York City it would be like let's
go sightseeing let's see the world
I've been char and I'm like let's work
we're just gonna get some food and then
come back to the room and get work done
this lighting is not cute and then go to
Joe Joe's premiere so it's a workday for
me it ain't a play date but I know
Christopher and Jessica and the kids are
running around New York City having fun
I think Cory is too rich and are gonna
work
we just hated a vegan place and now
we're gonna find me a coat that's true
love she suffered through a vegan meal
because she loves me or the bad I'm a
vegan food I'm not that picky but we're
passing this place don't tell mama okay
so this is a little cabaret bar it's one
of the first places I perform so when I
first came to New York City for like a
week the when Miranda first became a
thing I performed every night at
different venues just trying to get
myself out there and like perform
anywhere I could and that was one of the
place I performed with Seth Rudetsky who
I like really looked up to and admired
so that was a really cool experience
every time I passed it I'm like my
little heart just it starts beating
really fast the fluttery our dads get a
receipt let's get out the things in your
teeth Rachel screws you so the EEG
doesn't usually you cheap if we both ran
up to a reflection and I'm building it
anyway bye all right
it's practicing it'll be the most
overdressed panel Chara's Picciotto I
had to wear sparkly oh and I'm so
excited about this necklace my god it's
an I love you Nick this is Mike you go
by and match me not a brand a la Hache I
got sponsors what's in right now it
means so much to our family because a
lot of people do it means I love you in
sign language but to my family means LOX
my brother was death his whole life and
so we used sign language and now my
brother has cochlear implant early
glozell talked me back who's a huge
mentor to me is the big beginning of my
career and she always saw me always be
late if you're on time you're late so we
always come early and I'm Ernie and I'm
the first one here we're having major
drama
okay it's torn he's torn between the two
women in his movie dinner what do I do
he said to me goes well I'll sit and see
you now
because I can't sit next to Jojo at the
premiere because she's not gonna be
there but I said she's gonna be on the
street
the video about like annoying things
siblings do and we were talking about
how we never really spit out each other
recent Israeli students picked angry
like you try to spit sucker Becca and
Christians like we don't really did that
my legs yeah I've got that for sure I've
done that for sure okay but I forgot I
really didn't used to do this all the
time Rachel doesn't really remember I
but Christmas is like yeah she always
had like wet spit here laughing I used
to I remember it it's like this yeah
anyway I like my hands do that it's not
just a really weird crow
I don't know why but when he brought it
up I'd forgotten to buy and I just like
certain laughing no it's like did you do
it because you're like a good catch and
you did it because you're pretending to
be a cat but no there's a still reason
it wasn't like I was like no I don't
know I don't do it anymore I really
don't do it anymore
my eyelash laughing sort of crying okay
here are the famous ladies of fashion I
feel like I always okay so it's so good
or the second commercial break and I
haven't guys to get my hair and here's
back on Russell you guys know if you
watch my blogs back then he did the hair
for this too so she knows very well yeah
I love him so much but she he probably
loved it for my show he was like I hate
that I always said just make you look
gross and grease up your hair I want to
make it look pretty and like no I guess
my hair like no one like my hair goes
like this every single day he's like he
likes our movie it was amazing so proud
of Jojo who's super fine now
wearing your like bow and then the box
of sight no I'm just gonna get involved
gutter ball I'm gonna Bowl my left arm
go bowling with melonpan is not going
very well
oh my goodness so took off my lashes for
practice and tell it was so much fun oh
wait do I get all my lashes yep there
was some syllable George knows how to
throw a party for herself honey because
she sure did so I'm exhausted I'm gonna
try to get some work done before we go
to sleep and then tomorrow we fly back
to LA and I can't wait to see moose and
I can't wait to see my kitty cats I'm
just excited to go home but it was
really fun and I'm still grateful that
Jojo invited us she's so sweet
Parker was cracking me up bowling
tonight he's so funny you know let me
guys see you next time
