Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate we are in that Cabana today
who is the last same way oh my god
excited you just hang out today and do
nothing or eaten breakfast and the girl
who did my Cabana her name is Rachel
today she set it up for she's the
coolest nicest girl in the world Rachel
if you're watching this I love you
we literally I got to the cabanas and
this chair was out like this so I
thought that's not how the chairs
usually are they're usually inside they
have to set it up for you so I thought
oh the commandments are taking today we
won't get one but she had laid it out
how I usually put it like hit set it up
for me it was like sweet if I just love
Rachel so much so um that was really
really nice everyone who works here is
so freaking sweet and wonderful um but
anyway we are just gonna hang out by the
pool and go to the beach and I'm gonna
edit all day and that's the plan Stan
the boys just went snorkeling I stayed
in and was editing but they had like the
best time ever and I'm so jealous yes we
went out snorkeling it was all calm
waters and little fish and then all of a
sudden betwixt my eyes there was a sea
turtle larger than any of I've ever seen
and it's swimming towards me and I got a
little scared but he was just wanted to
say hi
so I told Eric I said Eric look over
yonder there's a seat when I'll see a
turtle and he's like oh my god Cory
there is as we swam up to smooth see him
and then all of a sudden one creeps up
behind us and then there was two sea
turtles and the two sea turtles
literally came up to each other and then
like hiss and they just wing it it's
like really yeah they sniffed each
other's faces and then like nah yeah and
then they went away and then we just
hung out with the sea turtles for a
little bit and watch them
oh my god it's cool do you see fish - oh
my god I'm so jelly alright so we've
just been hanging out by the pool I've
been working and editing cuz it's good
no post in 11 videos right now on you
know him so my brain is going insane but
yeah I just edited three of them random
videos for next week and I posted a
video of me reacting to videos there's a
foot fetish video of me on the Internet
and I cannot believe that I reacted to
it so make sure to watch that my meat
gentle but I have some news we were
walking around and saw that they're
setting up for a wedding at the hotel
and if you've been watching my vlogs
every day you know that this boy loves
crashing a wedding and he is very
excited he wants to crash the wedding at
the Four Seasons we're gonna get caught
this time big time because it's like a
small ceremony you can tell like the
dirty you know Aunt Judy yeah
is that your plan you're gonna land Judy
we're friends of the Judy we're friends
with Judi so stay tuned to see if that
happens my god that is bad so recording
it is that's good - ready
okay all right dinner now and just slide
over why but they have the Miss Hawaii
pageant on sitting in between the peanut
gallery here listening to their comments
is making me laugh so hard like drapes
material off this girl's dress and Aaron
another ground like a like sheer thing
going through her dress like down the
center and quickest a river runs through
it hit the commentary is killing me well
they do I'm not being funny at all all
right party girl cheering she's got a
tingle of the things on a chandelier
 lucky that's what I heard that
made her do it doesn't we heard that
made her do it
she's barely wearing any
it's
we like it when demand a recount
the girl in the red dress is the winner
there she Wow this has been a very
eventful night the girl we wanted to win
the Miss why did not win
however we finished the dinner and the
pageant of sadness and now Eric
remembered I had forgotten and I hoped
he'd forgotten that there's some wedding
party something going on up there
there's neon light you know what's
what's my intro Eric so there's just
crazy wedding okay kids if you ever want
to crash anything secret dance backwards
into no one will ever stop you if you
dance backwards into anything I know but
if we dance backwards into it then we go
off okay just like this
who's ever stopped anyone it's like a
private dinner for a family of ten you
got a check
keep dancing they kept stopping for
going backwards
that
oh this is like a real party this one's
real oh there's a check-in stand over
there
he got kicked out we've been getting
terrible looks all night and I think
because I'm literally wearing overalls
tourisme tank top he's wearing a pajama
so I think so I think people just think
we don't belong here because everyone
else here is at this second this very
moment there are people all around as a
goalie or a kinda like the earth and
they just I think they think that we
snuck into the horses are through
because we're like wow dude we're having
fun and we're like laughing and smiling
which is something a lot of them aren't
doing so I don't know why they're all
glaring at us but there's been talks now
of going to the mall and bike really a
cushy outfit it's coming back and seeing
if they said it was dirty looks ok you
might be wondering why I'm in my room
and it's because eric has a new plan
which is for all of us to dress up
really fancy and go down and see if we
still get dirty looks so I'm in the
process of trying to make my hair look
somewhat nice when it's covered in Beach
eNOS and I have no bobby pins I have no
way to make it look nice I literally
only have a hair tie so let's see what I
can conjure up all right the boys are
here this is the final looks corn
do we look like we belong in the four
seasons yet there's one last thing Eric
once he said something music he used to
have a pierced ear because he used to be
a why did you have a pierced ear fortune
you liked it on the boardwalk and I was
like again my purse so I'm gonna try to
read Pierce it right now so okay you're
right thinking which one do you want
I have plenty here look last time you
had an Aryan in it it's been at least
ten years just do it okay
just put it in oh my god it's like fully
clothed just to get it in there sorry
what okay our quick little makeover is
complete everybody change
now we're gonna be accepted doing we're
just gonna go hang out and see how
people
oh yeah
I'm not going to the party no Eric we're
not going to the party
Oh God go for it I'm not going you know
that this is dead right deadly for most
week ago
I cannot feel his conversation my crash
a party he literally went inside he
should have taken with the camera he
should have taken the camera because I'm
not going it oh my god okay update I'm
in the weight room because no one's in
here and I'm terrified of confrontation
and he's still in there and it's been
about 10 minutes I don't know what he's
doing I don't know who he's hanging out
with I hope he's filming something on
his phone for me to share with you guys
because I don't know what's going on I
don't know where he is I don't know what
happened but he's in the party that he
recently got kicked out of like screamed
at the woman screamed at him to leave
I am very panicked right now and now
Corey's missing I don't know what's
going on we found him it's been about 10
minutes he's out what happened in there
did you know anything Pasco 22nd and
chanted Boehner Elias says who are we my
Elizabeth
Marcus Marcus
Genevieve Gina I guess Regina Regina
Genevieve Genevieve but people call me
Jenny oh now we're at the other party
again that he already got kicked out of
and what did you just say to me I said
they already saw you you're gonna get
kicked out again we keep that air
he said they kicked out Eric but they
don't know Jame you got the backwards
you're gonna get in trouble there's five
people here
who cares because I don't want to god
I'm done here I'll desert there
listen we just got kicked out again
someone who worked there was a high bye
nothing's wrong with dancing but these
people those who are white come on no
listen is because people have paid a lot
of money for a nice night with their
family or their friends or company and
they want the people to be there who
deserve to be there they don't want
Crashers we're done crashing parties
tonight y'all so now we're gonna throw
our own party because they kicked us out
of two different parties look up two
times each party by the way
all right this is a wonderful last day
in white
