well for me in Cheerios let's tweet
about this line the worst part about
eating cherries is the scenes where
there's no cute way to eat a cherry just
spit it out my mom is a fighter and she
picks up all the cherries for a party
thanks to them hello everyone I know my
mom has a picture to livestream lumber
party it's a green one to pay attention
that I'm on video I can't believe you
guys are awake
so I am I'm awake and I was filming and
editing and stuff and playing uke and
right now we're filming a video curry
and I are filming a video for my youtube
channel but we have to wait for this
stuff to like bake and then we have to
wait 30 minutes after it's done baking
even film again so I have an hour to
kill and I'm really tired so I was like
I wish I did you stay awake so I'm doing
a livestream I have to set my alarm for
25 minutes to get that thing out of the
oven start what are you guys up to
um I can't believe you guys are awake
like is this crap now I guess there's
people in Australia
mmm Giselle Espinosa said woman don't
you have work tomorrow
I do but not like I don't have to go to
the office tomorrow I'm making Miranda
videos all day so I can be ugly and
tired when it's okay cuz Miranda the
lives Jay Christian Mason mines are
eight seven - what's the livestream
hashtag it is hashtag slumber party with
clean mmm great come over here nice and
ask us any of your sexual questions the
answers okay boys here
Wellington why are you so weird me
mm-hmm probably mmm how's this boring to
not be weird wears it sweatshirt from it
says la I'm pretty sure Corey got it for
Josh and then I stole it
isn't that true but Josh never wore it
so I was like girl we have nowhere to
skew it I'm not like it mmm Natalie hmm
Natalie seven tips for a first date
well I haven't been on very many first
dates so I don't have any good advice
and I actually my advice would be
horrible because I'm the type of person
who's like really blunt and I don't have
a very good first date etiquette like
the first a few first dates that have
been on I like kind of ruined them
and I also like I'm not good at like
flirting and being coy like it's a good
thing I'm just done and I'm just like
settled down because there were guys
that I would date and they'd go on like
one date
and then maybe okay so what's the deal
do you like me or not cuz I don't have
time to like play games and wonder if
you like me like I just need you to just
tell me so I wasn't very good at dating
but what would you say if what's advice
for a first date that's good somewhere
where you can like talk like I wouldn't
say go not to a movie because you just
said they're not talking at you know
each other no I hate when people say
going to movies for a date like I never
talk to each other if it's if you're
talking you agree it's a date don't go
to their house cuz I'm cuz that's a
hookup I would suggest to go to a house
and I would not think it would be other
because you're calling but everyone else
in the universe knows that if you go to
first day at someone's house it's a
hookup oh my god I wouldn't ever think
that I would be like oh we're gonna go
that's so cool because it we can have
quality time together we can like play
games I like just talking we'd have to
worry about like fine food we can make
food it's the same thing as Netflix in
show like if you're going your first day
at sounds house I mean you're getting
some mm from never go to their house I
would say something you can talk to each
other like cliche coffee cliche drinks
you can go bowling go on a hike get to
know each other
let's see Melissa Melissa at 10:00 no
said sex advice hmm well I'm not married
so hmm sex advice as I like to spit out
cherries my sex advice
I don't know cuz sex is different for
every single person like personally I
like I love hearing about everyone's
sexual escapades the like is very
intriguing to me but personally like I
am very like
I can only have that with like a person
that is like my one person like I can't
like I could net I could never in a if I
like let's say I was not married I could
never just have sex with someone for fun
like I don't like my brain in my heart I
get too obsessed
it's and like crazy like it has to just
be the one person I can't either and I
had a therapist that told me to go and
do that mmm he's like yeah my old
therapist said he's like you can't he's
all like cuz I told him like I guess I
don't want to have sex with someone just
for like fun or whatever I said you need
to get the out of your head that stigma
but like go out and just have fun and
don't worry about it I don't like I
still don't know if I like that that
doesn't sound very well whatever to each
his own
I think depends on the person like I
have a lot of friends who just like have
sex with someone different like all the
time like I think it just depends on who
you are as person know who you are
I've only had sex with one person my
whole entire life and that's good for me
so I mean I don't know I don't where by
the way I saw my therapist I tell you no
I saw my therapist I ran into him he's
like God hi hug means like how are you I
was like I'm doing great and it's so
good all right bye because he was like
why don't you to be like like damaged
don't get honey bread get money from me
is an awful oh my god Weiner
I love that we're talking about things
that we would talk about if we weren't
doing a live stream like we don't see
you guys get out skills anything um
likes you Jade said she's having cuddles
with her cat and I am so jealous that's
like my favorite picture and I've really
seen in my life um Aaron said what breed
of cat would you be if you were one I
don't know I'd be like I don't know what
like the personalities of cats very well
like I feel like I'd be like a Persian
because Persian cats are like fluffy and
like beautiful and amazing but
sometimes you look at Persian cats and
you're like are you okay cuz you look
like like very special sometimes Persian
cats look so gross and bizarre and ugly
and like their face got smushed in
they're cross-eyed like sometimes are so
gross looking and then sometimes you're
like oh what a beautiful creature and so
sometimes I feel like I look good and I
get all my face done and my hair done I
wear a cute outfit I'm Michael I'm
looking good and then sometimes I'm like
is that person okay I'm on I think oh my
Anna okay Ava said what do I do if a boy
I don't want to go to the movies with
ask me to the movies and I said yes to
be nice am a girl I've done that before
I have totally agreed to go on dates and
boys that I did not like but I was just
trying to be nice like to the one with
their feelings um you should be honest
like what I did I didn't bunch different
things but one thing I did is when I
went on the date I was like I'm not
looking for a relationship I'm I don't
want a boyfriend's like I I'm just not
into this situation like I was like
really blunt honest once I was there
like um yeah I don't know I need to be
honest like I don't want to be friends
yeah be honest because you should have
said yes anyways hope you learn your
lesson
what years ago right you said it to be
nice you said you'd go to the movies to
be nice but actually if you keep that
going like that's the mean thing to do
if you lead him on like yep I'd say it's
okay to go on a date with someone and
see if you have chemistry with them or
something so you like she can go on a
date with him see how it is maybe
they'll have sparks and then it'll be
okay I just don't understand going on a
date so I'm gonna be nice like it isn't
I don't get that because you don't hurt
their feelings and say no I'm not gonna
go on a date with you cuz I I have I
said no to go on a date with a guy
before and he still just was like you
how do you know you don't want to date
me until you've gone on a date with me I
was like that's a good point
and so remember Rueben yeah I can't let
me just set his name
Reuben whatever there's a girl in
college who was sobbing in front of me
telling me that she was in love with me
and wanted to be with me and with me no
it was Dana and like Wes was like 30
minutes before into the woods and she
was like sobbing like we're just friends
bye swerve I told you this I told
everyone this she said she's in love
with you yeah
and she start crying she's like I just
need you to tell me that you don't want
me I need to hear it from my own ears so
I can move odd this is riping for me to
do a live performance and so and I was
like I was like he was a friend she's
like and I was like bye workers out of
the closet obvious but literally I did
not feel bad like she needed to know oh
my god Cory I never kind of remember
that now yeah okay yeah long time no so
long go oh my god
that is crazy send us a flying kiss what
is that a flying kiss like blowing
against Elaine Josh leaned at Marissa
cafe 37 said what do you do when a
friend puts themselves in a dangerous
situation well it depends on the
situation like what do you mean cuz like
I don't know that could mean so many
different things like my best friend
Adam tomorrow night he's going out with
all the jocks and they're gonna go smoke
and drink beers and Canyon it's totally
dangerous what do I do
well I'm gonna I'm gonna snap Charlie
quick so you guys are watching with
snapchat have enough I look for it
what's up snapchat is anyone awake it is
12:20 3:00 a.m. right now and we are
doing a live stream and eating cherries
so go check it out my vlog channel oh my
god I ran on time um blog channel
livestream okay it's on my snap story
okay um let's see you guys asked us and
juicy questions we are I'm a party after
all
um oh my god your cats keep you or
something through the cat's Colleen
Evans pH said what do you do when you're
literally a boy repellent well I was all
through high school and you just cry and
write in your journal a lot and like it
really sad all the time and then in
college you try to blossom and they just
become everyone's best friend that's
what I did like in college I was like
well no boys will ever like me I'm just
gonna be a single mingle for the rest of
my life and it was my dream to be a
single mother and never get married and
then bla bla because no one ever liked
me and then in college I just was like
everyone's best guy friend girl friends
like I was the girl that the boys came
to talk to me about their girl problems
and then eventually some of the boys
that were my best friends started to
like me and then I was like well I don't
like them so what do I do and then
eventually after college I found that
guy that I like so when your boy
repellent you just gotta be patient some
day can you Accord you bad monologues
please I was from Waylon cookie hurry
I'm done I literally just did one right
now but the boy and his friends of my
styie okay give me a scenario
okay let me think it's Nancy's pool
party and you won't have the perfect
bathing suit hmm but they ran out of
your size no okay okay at home I've
gotta think about my scenario where I'm
at okay so it's a Nancy's pool party I
want to be I wanna have a good bikini
and they ran I left my size no mom I
can't just get the pink polkadot one
this is Nancy Rogen's pool party I've
told you before she's the most popular
girl in school and Ryan's gonna be there
Ryan
Toledo I've been wanting to impress him
for weeks and I'm finally getting my
body else smashed because I haven't
eaten anything so it's time for me to
get that purple one I've had my eye on
in the JC Penney magazine but they're
all out what am I gonna do
beautiful
Brian Toledo sounds hot is the hottest
give him my number
Kirsten lovely Josh Lane said what are
you and Josh doing for your one-year
anniversary right now currently it is my
anniversary Josh of the first day he
wrote to me and he wrote to me I think
he wrote to me in 2009 I think it was
2009 and what are we now - got nine ten
eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen
sixteen oh seven years we were together
longer than that so seven years ago he
wrote me on Facebook for the first time
today but we don't have plans for a
one-year anniversary we're all right
anniversaries July 2nd and we don't
really have any plans I'm gonna be home
for like 24 hours and um I just kind of
want to be at home and like do nothing
but I don't know I'm not big on
anniversary things like I don't really
like those things I don't like Kleenex
like romantic things aren't really my
thing I don't like
so I don't know Josh really likes that
kind of stuff though so maybe we'll like
try to figure something out in the
middle but we don't have any plans yet
college 5:5 said you ever sleep
sometimes we were making fun of you for
laughing at counting from trying to
count mmm grace said in one sound
describe how excited you are for haters
back off there's there's not a sound
that exists that shows how excited I am
likes truly a sound and be like like
that but like bigger I'm very very very
excited
Brianna Rose said when are you coming
back to Australia I don't have any plans
to go back to Australia right now but I
really really really want to go Cory's
never been and I'm dying to take Cory to
Australia and since now he's my road
manager and assistant like he really
needs to come but I don't know any plans
go and here's the other thing guys we're
gonna get real right now okay I am what
I am going on tour this year and if you
weeks I'm going to New Mexico and then
I'm going to Colorado and Salt Lake City
and then I'm going overseas to like
Oliver like England and Germany and this
is the first time this is gonna be
really involve all of me to admit this
right now this is the first time in six
years of touring live that my shows
aren't selling very well and it's like a
big moment for me because I'm used to
like my shows like you guys are so
awesome and so supportive I'm used to my
shows like selling out and um it's very
humbling to like always have that happen
and then have my agent call me and be
like what's going on why aren't people
buying tickets to your show and having
that realization like oh I guess maybe
people maybe this is like the decline
like maybe people are starting to not
like my videos anymore
maybe people just aren't interested in
seeing me live anymore which is okay
that's what's happening like I've always
said since the beginning of doing
YouTube like I'm gonna do this as long
as people want to watch me and as long
as I'm having fun and I'm still having a
lot of fun in fact
now in my life I feel like I'm having
more fun than I ever have in my whole
life like I really love my job
more than I ever have but it's just
weird it's not that people aren't buying
tickets like my Ireland shows are sold
out I have two shows in Dublin those are
sold out I have two shows in London one
of the London shows is sold out but um I
think part of the problem is that my
agent is booking me in venues that are
just really huge and like bigger than
what I'm used to play and so like
they're not like the people just aren't
buying tickets the venue's are too big
and I don't know I brought I'm not I
probably should be talking with you guys
about this like but I just feel like I
tell you guys everything and it's
something I'm insecure about and like
sad about a little bit so I was like
well just tell them um
yeah I'm bummed out cuz like I love
performing for a big crowd of people
there you know that and having room full
of people who are excited to be there
and I'm sure that tour will be great and
fun and it'll still be great even if
it's only like half sold in every
audience but it's just a very new
experience for me to feel that way and
so I don't know what's gonna happen but
I know that if people don't buy tickets
to my shows anymore like I'm not gonna
go on tour anymore because I can't I
can't afford to just fly myself around
the world like I need to sell tickets in
order to do that so um yeah I don't know
what's gonna happen I really want to go
to Australia New Zealand and the shows
aren't selling badly like I'm I just
like them when I just really like when
they sell out and um like in Germany
like I've sold like not even like half
the theaters are sold but in some places
they're doing really well like I said
London the first show sold out and
Ireland both of the shows are sold out
and so I don't know we'll get it there
it's not till August those shows aren't
till August so I'm just rambling and
that's how I feel right now I'm just
kinda I'm freaked out because I really
want to go back to Australia I want to
go back to New Zealand
I want to do another bus tour I want to
go like in more places all over Europe
but if these shows don't sell well then
like the every time I show sell out my
agents like ok where else
I feel like my team is gonna be like
well you can't sell them out so we can't
send you everywhere and that's like my
biggest fear you think they're done it
says four more minutes on my phone are
they burning well then just leave him
out done it said 30 minutes okay well
they're probably done okay Savannah
Baker said will you ever tour in Hawaii
that is my dream last year I was so
lucky I got to go to Hawaii four times
last year I went for my sister's
birthday I went for my honeymoon I went
for I guess I went three times I went
and then I went for my birthday slash it
was a show I had a show in Hawaii that
last November no why is like my favorite
place in the universe so I I love it
there like with all of my heart and I
would love to do a tour in Hawaii I
don't think I'm going to for the same
reason I was just talking about like I I
always hint to my agent like oh when we
gonna do another show on Hawaii and he's
like well sell out the shows that you
have right now and we can talk about it
anyway Holly adorbs Evan said will the
tour in August be totally new show or
something you've done before I want to
do a new show I'm gonna do some stuff
I've done before because you guys have
asked for it so like there's some songs
that like I feel like I have to do like
Miranda always will sing where my Bay's
at because that's like a classic Miranda
song or like me transforming from me
into Miranda like I'll always do a song
where I do that but I kind of wanted to
do the summer camp tour I did last year
in August with such a fun show and it
was totally different and weird
and um I kind of wanted to do that in
Europe because no one over there got to
see that and so I thought that would be
fun like a new and improved version of
the slimmer part are the the summer camp
to work in this was more fun when we are
answering scary weird functional
questions not seen Alison said how
excited you for touring and going to
VidCon I'm excited to tour because I
love meeting you guys and I love
performing performance like my favorite
thing in the world and I'm super excited
for big chunks I'm making a very big
announcement and I'm releasing a huge
video and announcing something in it and
I'm not practicing in bed as a Michael
CIMA what exactly sneakily Islam um
Joyce be one two three greedy for Josh
Lee and said tour in Asia please I would
love to that would be my dreamland
I would love to I wish that is was an
option okay
let's see only my eyeballs are so itchy
so we have to let that thing cool for 20
minutes it has to be like completely
cool to put in the fridge
do you think it would affect anything no
hmm Maya Dan the noodle said what would
you say to convince someone to go on
your tour I love you she means someone
to like come on tour with me on the bus
or like convince someone to come to my
show to convince someone to come with me
on tour like a friend or a family member
I just say hey you want to go on to her
it's pretty easy cuz everyone likes
tours so much fun like I'm most of my
family
friends have been on one of my tours
with me and it's the most fun ever
josh is usually the hardest one to
convince to come because he's always
doing like his own thing so he takes a
little bit more persuading but everyone
else and my family friends are just like
hey come on tour and they're like yes I
want to go but if you're talking about
like a random person trying to convince
them to come to the show I just say it's
not just a meet-and-greet because a lot
of times that's what I think people
think I'm doing is just like a mean
greet it's like a full-on show with
singing and comedy and audience
participation and like I work really
hard on it so I'm really proud of it and
yeah I don't know I I don't know how to
explain it
Oh Josh Lee an angel said are you gonna
take the cast of haters back off on tour
I really want to and I've talked to
Angela about coming to maybe a couple of
shows in Germany maybe or Ireland or
anywhere talk to Eric I think Eric I
could try and convince Eric place where
his best friend on the show and Angela
based my mom Erica is afraid of flying
yeah not the best flier apparently so I
don't know that's the thing um and then
Steve I don't know I don't know I don't
know I really want them to come on to
her I think maybe after this show comes
out then they can go on tour with me
more um cuz you guys will know their
characters on the Netflix show so it'll
make more sense that they come on stage
with Miranda but right now no one really
knows their characters very well no
knows who they are so might be kind of
weird but like in the future I really
really want them to come Charlotte asked
the size matter and girl I ain't talking
about height I always say I don't it
doesn't matter for me yeah it just
matters
it doesn't matter for me because it's
night big things big ones are nice to
look at and that's it you don't want it
inside you and that's the true you can
ask any person ever I've only had
experience so I don't know if you see it
there big one you just look at it
because there hurts to put it inside any
of it things oh my gosh um let's see
no but there are people that like it
a biggie one I'm not one ravenson who's
behind you that is so rude where they're
trying to scare me oh all right then you
ain't seen nothing in the future Oh
Elaine said do an impression of Rachel I
have an old impression for Rachel Rachel
is different not like well it depends
Rachel on YouTube is different than
Rachel in real life cuz reach on YouTube
is like bigger and like rachel and real
life is more like okay yeah okay cool I
think isn't she like Rachel's like
really like I'm YouTube she's like much
more in your face
did you talk about a lot of stuff and
she's like whatever but in real life
rachel is just like oh yeah yeah like
she's like a bra um that's my impression
of Rachel in real life
let's see Natalie said what do I do if
my crush hates me do I get a new crush
gotta stop thinking about that one
vanch Kapoor said weirdest eavesdrop
experience if you have a good one yeah
I'm my parents having sex like one time
I woke up another night in my bed my
bedroom was right by my parents room and
I heard my mom like crying I was like
crying during sex
wellhe their moaning but like she's like
I thought she was crying so I got up out
of my bed and I went to their door
and I was gonna like I knocked on it but
nothing happened and then I realized
quickly wasn't crying it was sexual
moans that is which forever scarred me
my weirdest eavesdrop experience was not
like an each I love to each drop but it
was not like an eavesdrop like I was
trying to eavesdrop it was I was walking
down the street and these two people
walked past me like oh yeah her name's
like Miranda sings and they were like
talking about Miranda and they didn't
know I was there like they were just
talking about the character and that was
weird like I don't know why that was so
weird to me but it like really like made
me feel super bizarre I NAIC Annie Kay
while Colleen really an ek said craziest
place you kiss girl you want to juicy
questions craziest place I kissed um I
don't think I have any crazy places like
and everywhere I don't know I'm like the
ocean big whoop um naked where oh no
where she's a queen enum oh no she's not
naked
um yeah in Vancouver everyone has like
it's like called the city of glass
because everything is just windows and
they don't have like tinted windows at
these apartments so you just see in
everyone's apartment like you can see
everyone naked like all the time like if
you just look out your window it's like
everyone's just they're like I can see
tons of people right now having dinner
watching TV exercising like you can
cleaning up their kitchen like
everyone's like they could see us right
now doing this like it's it's really
bizarre like no windows are tinted um
anyway weirdest place I've kissed I'm
trying to think if there's any like
weird places like on the tip Cory she's
say like a physical place it could have
been like a place on the body
Disneyland's the ocean in a dumpster
you're not kissing a dumpster I have not
the weirdest place I kissed I don't
don't a bathroom because boys can go in
the bathroom together I have kissed like
oh yeah bathroom I kissed Josh on the
floor right next to the bed that
Rachel's like Rachel's sleeping in the
bed we are on the floor right next door
and we are kissing in there
kinky but that's not weird like I've
kissed him like there's this place
called Port Authority in New York where
like all the busses go and like trains
and stuff go and Josh and I like went
into like some weird storage unit and
like kissed and the air ones whose dirty
like not us but like the area I was like
oh this is for us let's go I don't know
I don't think I've kissed in weird
places I'm kind of boring like how's
that stuff Esther Jenna
Jen and Dax said tell us the full story
about the boo crying thing so I uploaded
a video where I said that a boy touched
my boob and over-the-clothes and he
cried and that's not the true story it's
dirtier than that he did not just touch
my boob but he did cry and he cried a
lot um I don't think I should tell it
okay I'm not gonna saw that okay um
let's see
he needs him let's see where this I'm
trying to find some good questions what
do you do when you feel like everyone
hates you and is trying to ignore you
well that's not true probably in your
head it's in your head um Mads Maddy poo
said when did you find out what porn was
cuz I didn't know until I was like 17
I don't remember finding out about porn
do you remember I learned what porn was
in fifth grade because my friends there
was always like a boy sleepover and a
cool kids got to come over Ellen and it
makes me sad that there was cool kids in
fifth grade but we also have Towe brain
everyone knew that
Ross cope as his family had Playboy
channel
and so with wit he watched it I watch it
I closed my eyes cuz I was a good
Christian okay thank you like so G
Larson I don't know how to say your name
I apologize so just haters back up come
out all in one day or one Episode a week
comes out all on one day so you can
watch all eight episodes the day that it
comes out very exciting well people in
Australia be able to watch yes you can
watch it if you guys have Netflix in
your country you can watch it like all
you have to do is buy Netflix and
download netflix which everyone pretty
much already has Netflix so it's not
like you've to like buy anything special
or new if you have Netflix you can watch
my show and it's all coming out
everywhere it's coming out in 190
countries David it comes out just crazy
Emma or voix Joshua said what are your
worst our most Awkward what's your worst
or most Awkward kiss I have a lot of
like bad kisses I told one in the points
corner were like I was kissing a guy
and like we pulled away from kissing me
like when my hairs was like a touch to
my mouth like lady in the Tramp which
was like really embarrassing I've kissed
a guy like my first making out with a
guy was horrible horrible horrible
horrible which led me to believe that I
might have been a lesbian for a while
like there was a big chunk of time where
I was like I'm a lesbian because I
didn't really like have feelings for
guys and I didn't want to have feelings
for girls either and I had kissed a boy
like a PEC but I never like made out
with a guy before but I did make out
with a couple of girlfriends in high
school scandal which I think I've told
you before but I was at a party and my
party I mean there was like five of us
hanging out and we were drinking
underage which is very naughty don't do
it um but I was underage and I was
drinking and because I was underage and
I had never had alpha before I didn't
know how much like was my limit like now
I don't get drunk like I feel like if I
start to feel tipsy I'll stop drinking
but anyway I was drinking and my friends
were drinking and there's her mouth and
um so me and my girlfriend's were like
someone was like you guys should kiss
and we're like okay like we didn't care
and so we kissed but we didn't just kiss
like we like made out kiss for like ten
seconds or whatever and I did that with
two different girls that night and I
remember it was the first time I'd ever
kissed a kissed a person like that like
it was the first time I'd ever kissed
someone that wasn't just like a peck and
so I liked it because I'm human and
making out is fun yeah and making out is
fun and so I like I enjoyed it and I was
like wait I liked that does that mean
that I like girls because I liked that
experience and so I was really confused
and then I um but cuz I didn't really
have crushes on boys or girls so I was
just kind of like I was just confused
and then I made out with a guy or a guy
made out with me so bad it was awful
heat my first make out with a guy he
like attacked my face with his tongue
like my whole face was like wet when he
was done and it was awful and he left my
house and I was like that sucked that
was not fun at all that was the worst
thing I think I do like girls because I
like it too when I kiss those girls but
I didn't like when I kiss the boy and
then I kiss another point I was like oh
no I like this a lot so um yeah that was
my first kiss with a boy it was like not
enjoyable at all but my first kiss with
girls it was super fun and the feelings
I felt I think were just like
because the first time you make out with
someone is exciting and so yeah anyway
or maybe I'm a lousy who knows um what
about you do you have an awkward kiss
silly just so many what is your favorite
part of stalking us on social media I
have a lot of favorite parts about
stalking you guys on social media
I'm always online like I'm online a lot
I see a lot so if you guys are having
drama or you're being mean or you're
making up problems I do see it and um my
favorite part of it there's a lot of
things I like I like when you guys are
sweet and I like when you guys are
friends like I like when you guys all
become best friends and like I get to
see your relationships I like that makes
me really excited really happier when
you guys are being nice to each other
and you aren't tagging me cuz a lot of
times people will tag me so that I'll
see that they're being nice so like try
to get attention but then there's a lot
of times where I'm just like on your
pages like stalking you and I'll see you
guys just being nice and spreading nice
sister each other and that makes me
really happy but my favorite thing about
stalking you guys is seeing the lies
that you spread about me and my family
is hilarious like if you guys meet me in
our station like you guys make up
conversations that we had together we're
just always entertaining
um and not all of you this is this is
not all of you it's been a like over
time there's always like a few people
where I like see what they say about me
or things I said or how I act or
something about my family or I don't
know like there's a like a lot of you
lie we're just really interesting like
and you're like it doesn't make me mad
it just makes me laugh like um yeah I do
I really enjoy like following guys on
social media and like stalking you
because I tell you guys so much about my
life so you guys know me very very well
like you guys probably know me better
than a lot of my friends know me um so I
want to get to know you guys so I like
to stalk you online and I see a lot of
interesting things on the internet it's
very entertaining um
Sydney said how long are you staying in
Vancouver I will be living here
basically for the summer but I'm gonna
be going back and forth so I'm going
home for VidCon and I'm going home for
my anniversary and I'm going home and
that's it and then I go home with when I
go on my tour like when I start towards
when I leave so I'm basically living up
here which is crazy I'm Jonah sexy
fantasy at trixie vanity Ritter said Oh
throwing shave and what oh um Jess
said jessalyn said has anyone ever gone
beyond your personal line of respect
yeah of course I think you can say that
about anyone in any situation but I
think you're talking about fans and yeah
I I don't like I love meeting you guys
if you come up to me in public
I'll always talk to you I always say I
always hug you I'll always take a
picture like that all makes me really
happy
um there are two things that I don't
like and one is when people take
pictures of me without asking like only
because like I see the little like we'll
take your phone and like this like take
pictures of me while I'm like eating
food or like if I'm in a passionate
conversation with like someone
my family I'm like and I'm like cuz I
just don't like knowing that there's a
picture that exists of me somewhere
where it could be taken out of context
like if i'm like passionately telling
the story and it looks like I'm angry at
Rachel or like looks like I'm yelling at
Corey when I'm not like we're just
talking passionately or if I'm like
stuffing my face with food and you get a
picture and the recent bugs me is
because if you came up to me and said
can I have a picture I will always say
yes so I'm like oh I wish they would
just ask me because I'll just take a
picture it'll be cuter and then you can
be in it with me um so I don't really
like that but that's not disrespectful
it's just like just come ask but I
really don't like when people um come
like find where I'm staying or where I
live and like stalk me a little bit not
stop my family like people do it to my
family like um they go to my parents
house and or they'll find the hotel I'm
staying at and kind of call on and on
like there's been so many times I've
been in a hotel and someone will just
call my hotel room over and over and
over and over and over and over and over
all night long key me awake and all
morning and just like laughs when I pick
up the phone and like I think that's
disrespectful um so yeah those things
but other than that like people are
always so sweet like and the majority
99% of everyone is like so respectful
and sweet and awesome um let's see
Cory looks like he's about to fall
asleep Mia George
Mia Julia so can you convince Andrew to
be in the vlogs because he's hilarious
my director for haters back off
andrew is awesome and um he was in my
vlog that I posted today so if you
watched that you can see Andrew there
but other than that he and I don't live
in the same place so it's hard to get
him in vlogs I will see him on Monday
and Tuesday at work so maybe he'll be in
the vlogs then
but after that he's leaving Vancouver's
to go do another show and he's not gonna
be living here anymore so the only way
I'd see Andrew again is is if we get a
season 2 which who knows if we're going
to because I'd want him to direct again
for sure because he's so freakin awesome
I can't believe how many people are like
watching this right now considering it
is one in the frigging morning mm-hmm oh
my god
grace Witter Holt said I did a research
paper on you and I got an F but I'm
proud of it
is that true that's so sad gonna as I
want to read your paper I wouldn't give
you an F you look tired
Thanks okay I've barely cold yet hold
still so sleepy I'm supposed to finish
filming this video clip in the freezer
lift it wait for these things to cool
down before we can maybe I'll eat a bowl
of cereal or something megalith he's
lean has lean trash said you notice the
same people I'm not trying to notice the
same people over and over again I just
like em reading tweets that are mopping
up on the screen so I'm not trying to
shoot favorites Coleen's Arianna said
what are your turn-ons and turn offs oh
my gosh
turn-ons positivity is a big turn-on for
me like if someone's super happy and
positive and encouraging like Joshua I'm
talking about obviously because he's the
person who
that would do that but that those are
things that are that's eternal for me I
love a boy in glasses um
and turn-offs and you look lovely kisses
yeah like lesbian kisses apparently I
like um
turn-offs would be negativity like if
someone's negative or grumpy like I
don't even wanna be in the same room
with you um and socks like take your
socks off are you turned on in turn turn
turn
I like years and stubble
I like yeah like stubble I like brown
eyes it's like if you have brown eyes I
look sold and turn offs turn offs All
American cookie cutter white boys with
blue eyes racist is that racist it's my
own race I don't like my own videos um
it's not racist if it's white because
they're not a minority yeah I don't like
blonde hair like I think I can look at
someone with blonde hair like my friend
John my best friend John is like super
hot attractive gay man and I can look at
him and be like you are a hot person but
he's got blonde hair so to me like I am
not attracted to him like I would never
look at him and be like yeah I would if
he was straight I'd be attracted to him
or whatever it's like he has blonde hair
so it's not a chance it's not weird how
that happens like that's like me for
blue eyes I can see like models and
people girls I think or whatever I'm not
sexually attracted to them but for guys
like if you have blue eyes like I can't
get sexually aroused I'm like attracted
to you maybe but there's no way I'm like
turned on by you it's it's so weird that
happens like people have that's just
proof in the pudding of like people say
gay is like something you learn or
choice whatever it's like then how come
I you think it's my choice that like I
don't like I'm not attracted to boys
with blond hair like it's not a choice
like I it's just what I
like I just don't like it when boys have
blonde hair I'm not attracted to it
that's not saying that boys a blond hair
aren't attractive boys a pair blond hair
can be super hot just me personally like
I'm not attractive someone's blonde hair
but yeah my biggest turn-on and
turn-offs are personality driven if
you're talented and kind like hello get
all over and if you're a negative and
mean like that's my turn ons and turn
offs
yeah me in person like get out of my
life I'm feeling sleepy yeah are you
answering Twitter questions yes I am
that was from SID people keep asking are
you a top or a bottom who for you this
anyone's it cooling this ha and whatever
you want I'm a Scorpio your verse i I'm
a girl I can't be a top or a bottom I
see your Victoria reg Aldo said what are
you most excited for with haters back
off there's a lot of things I'm excited
for I'm excited for you guys to meet the
other cast members and fall in love with
them because I'm obsessed with them and
just like you guys you know you've grown
to like Corey and Rachel and my brother
and like any of my friends that I put on
my channel you guys like start to like
them and like get excited about them I
hope that happens with the cast because
I love them so so so much like my
favorite people so I'm excited for that
I'm excited to do something different
like I love YouTube and I'll always do
it and that will always make me happy
but this show is so different from
YouTube like it is so so different from
my YouTube channel
it's crazy like it's it's miranda and
miranda is not different it's still
Miranda it's not like she wears purple
lipstick now or something crazy it's
definitely still Miranda and I'm staying
true to the character but just like the
world that she's in is so it's so
different and it's not like anything
I've ever seen before on TV it's not
like anything I've ever seen on the
Internet
it's like a really interesting different
new show and I'm excited to put it out
because it's it's a huge risk and it's
scaring me like it's really scary
because as we could have made I'm
Miranda show are a Netflix show that was
like just like every other comedy on TV
like fit the formula of like what a TV
shows supposed to look like how it's
supposed to be like we could have done
that and we didn't we like took a lot of
risks and we made something weird and
different and unique and mature and it's
I don't know I'm just excited to see how
people respond and I think a lot of
people are gonna like love it and I
think a lot of people aren't gonna get
it and that's okay cuz that means that
we took a chance if we did something
that I just everyone likes and like
that's kind of boring it's more fun to
do something like daring and I think we
did something daring and so I'm excited
for you guys to see it because I'm
really really proud of it um Emily said
will you consider uploading bloopers
from your Netflix show after its release
yes we were talking about that today
because there are a lot a lot a lot of
bloopers Lily said what did you do today
I worked all day I woke up and I film
videos and I wrote a song
and then I went into the editing room
and I edited until 10 9:30 p.m. and then
I came home and then I filmed some stuff
and we're still filming and now doing
lashings so I worked all day what a fun
Saturday man she was fun you sing a song
for us please it's from Valerie 1000
here's something let's all be lonely and
one more question
Alyssa daily dose of cme said have you
ever cheated on a big test before yes I
have I cheated I cheat I feel like
everyone has cheated and if anyone has
says they've never cheated I think they
are a liar everyone has cheated like I
definitely cheated in high school and in
college because I I'm smart I think but
I am NOT a good test taker I get really
stressed out and I second-guess myself
when I take tests so in in high school
all my projects on my papers anything
like that like I got a is on like I I
knew the information but when I got a
test I would ask a question and even if
I knew the answer for sure like if it
was like you have two cookies but you
eat one how many cookies are left
obviously the answer is one but my brain
goes to like wait this is a trick
question because that's too easy so what
is this what is it is this a riddle
there's no way it's just one so if you
eat one cookie but you had to do you
still you still have to because when you
ate is inside of you like so you
you have to technically like I would
overthink answers and then answer all
the wrong answers on my test like I was
horrible at test taking so I would cheat
on tests all the time like I would bring
answers with me and like put them on my
hand or yeah I would cheat all the time
because I was such a bad test taker so
yeah I totally cheated did you ever
cheat yeah everyone cheats it's not I'm
not in it like sheep but I may be like
slipped a little like one or two
questions like I'd like what's this
number ten
yeah I know what you anyway I'm worried
we have to go finish filming a video and
then I'm gonna go to bed cuz I'm big day
tomorrow the love you guys thanks for
having a slumber party with me and
thanks for watching my vlogs if you've
been watching my vlogs every day I think
I've done it for almost a whole full
week now which is crazy
um yeah I will talk to you guys I thank
you
