respect you because you're a woman is
crazy what's up guys look is here Cory
tensed about uncle Nietzsche long um and
Christopher I'm here too
it's here what would be saw yesterday
I'm just letting everyone know that I'm
here what are you gonna sit on quietly
in the back let's see Christopher just
opened the door and notice that on the
seat in our rental car is a vagina stain
it's an awkward stain it's a stain that
looks like it might have eked out of a
lady hole perhaps someone wasn't wearing
a tire that was very matching she wasn't
wearing a tire that could catch
something in case something decided to
come out in the leaky matter um but he's
only sitting on a vagina stain which
I'll show you when he gets up I can't
believe he sat down on it I never would
have in a million years but I have a
weird phobia of like stains and things
on seats which I don't know if I've ever
talked to you guys about before I think
I think I have I feel like I've talked
to you guys about everything but like I
can't sit in a chair in a restaurant
there's like a tear on it or if there's
like a stain on it I and I've been that
way since I was a little girl do you
remember when I won your kids and I
wouldn't sit down in restaurants like I
would stand at the end of the table yeah
here or you would just hover yeah like
good like I just wouldn't sit down like
I it stressed me out anyway we're gonna
go to work okay my bad work work work
work work Samia be work work work work
work work oh my god okay so Gigi is
where the showrunners on the show and
she's awesome the best ever and I've
spent
mom more time with GG's I have with my
husband in the last year but she never
came I can't believe you're just like
here when I like blew my mind I love TV
she's the best we are like the two women
in the writers room only
am i right ladies gross like women power
and she only always needs a boost
tell me neither how's everyone at she's
all like you know and their respective
because your woman is crazy is doing a
fixer fix to the best anyway we're
walking home and today it's dark outside
which is different than what you usually
see is this like 10:30 we worked late
tonight but the show's that can go
really excited was about to be fun today
you can be in it now 11 p.m. and we have
more work to do but we want to crepe so
I'm back that sexy screams it was like
my favorite place here I think we
haven't been LA - what I'm pretty sure
the caffeine criminal
we're gonna get some creeps and then go
work all night
Oh
oh my god that was so got a to
finish first cuz I am the fastest here
the world Huddle's and chirps and at
some point in videos for but if you're
new here I am super super fast to eating
I don't know why I don't know why why
because we had a rule in our family
Pizza now you can only
time oh that's true you get one piece on
your plate at time you can captain super
faster you get the next piece it's so
true good Eve asked you went home hungry
yeah no it's totally true because we we
didn't like have a lot of money growing
up so like the food that we had was like
that was all you get and so if you
didn't eat fast enough you would still
be starving and then also like another
thing that's very common in my family is
we're very impatient people especially
at restaurants and so if you finish
eating like you leave it's like my mom
like she finished eating before all of
us she'd go and like I would go by
finish eating crisps would go finish it
easily right Mac cuz he finish eating
see home Sam no but truly like that's
what he's like really committing to this
joke he's out the door that is my
brother committing I can't believe how
hard he committed to that joke dude
anyway yeah so we would we leave like
and we still do that like we go to
dinner for my mom and I finished eating
before everyone else we'll just like
alright see you guys at home and we'll
leave like so we just grew up eating
really really fast and now everyone
makes one before it anyway we ordered
espressos and I always forget how small
they are
splash of people like there's barely
anything in them I got fried a nice
espresso banana coffee
that's too much I laughing you're gonna
love your
speaking of Europe I'm taking this one
with me we're going on going to
Albuquerque New Mexico in a month so if
you live in New Mexico from Denver
Colorado Salt Lake City Birmingham
Bristol Manchester London Dublin Berlin
Munich Cologne Hamburg Copenhagen and
then in the fall I'm going to Detroit
Fort Wayne Rosemont Indianapolis newer
Phil New York and Waterbury Connecticut
so you guys live near any of those
places are at friends live near any of
those please come it's not just like a
meet-and-greet
it's like of live shows a full-on live
show or sing and dance and do all this
crazy stuff
the first London show are you sold out
so if you want to come to the London
show it to get to the next one and
Ireland shows up to shows and upland
though sold out so it to get to any of
the other shows in Europe because I
don't know when I'm going to go back to
Europe in the next few years so get your
ticket
okay look who I found hello all right
standard is the director a painter's
back off and he hates me and he has the
best impression of Miranda sings oh oh
he does it's so good he he's was so mean
to me tonight I text him I said do you
want to come out for crepes and all he
said back was no no no thank you no I'm
busy but I just know that was obviously
playing for sounds like I was me saying
that was me screaming to hang out with
you then why do leave
after Alton assisting or after he says
most sentences he goes oh yes always
slightly look like that's because I was
trying to be playful I'm gonna play it
back guilty I was me screaming - hi Lu
hello how creepy is this lighting what's
up guys so it is almost 3:00 in the
morning and I still have some editing to
do but I wanted to close out the vlog it
was so cool to see Andrew tonight my
director I love him so much we got along
so well on set and he always makes me
laugh so hard and we sat down tonight
and watched a couple of the episodes
together and try to come up with a game
plan of how we can make them even better
for you guys because we want the show to
be perfect um so yeah he's really great
he really gets the show he like loves
the show he's passionate about it he
gets the world that I'm trying to create
and he's very collaborative which is
very important to me he lets me be a
part of you know the directing and
creating and everything so um he's
amazing and it was really cool to get to
hang out with him a little bit tonight
and talk about the show so anyway um
tomorrow is Saturday but no rest for the
wicked we do not have days off up here
so I'm gonna be in the editing office
again tomorrow but first I'm gonna wake
up early and film some videos so
tomorrow's a very busy full day for me
you guys like nice vlogs because I feel
like it's the same thing every day like
every day it's like I wake up and I look
like a toe and then I go into the office
and I can't show you anything and then
after I walk home and like nothing
really happened so all I know is I'm
having a lot of fun making these videos
for you guys because I feel like I'm
connected to you I feel like I'm like
talking to and hanging out with you um
so I really am enjoying vlogging but
like is there something different you
guys want to see would you rather I wait
to vlog when like I'm doing something
different every day or are you cool with
me they kind of vlogging Nothingness um
yeah just let me know because I want you
guys to be happy and when you're
watching these videos and all I know is
I'm having a lot of fun making them and
you guys have been very supportive of me
and I love you very much
you
