it's a picture boy in the Wiener if I
needed to look how good you look in the
morning it's really not fair like how do
you look attractive I look like a
freaking monster in the morning
yesterday the law cuz I would to get
ready with me since I'm doing there
isn't have a blanket around my neck
excuse I'm not wearing a bra and I don't
want you guys seen my nip nip slopping
around so I'm going to show them what I
do want to put on my makeup in the
morning in my bed the first thing I do
is put on NARS and I was on set for
haters back off the makeup artist got me
into it cosmetics and this is the best
brush in the world I usually always used
a Beauty Blender but now I've used this
to put on my foundation and it's amazing
you like barely abuse any foundation and
it's super soft and I love it so much
mmm
this is like my quick what I do for
everyday life so first I put on my
foundation all over my face and then I
put on some under an concealer because
my abs are always puffy and swollen and
disgusting why don't you look wonderful
the morning when you start putting on
makeup and you're only halfway through
you look a little scary ah
okay so now I'm putting on Laura Mercier
oops I just got all of my rum setting
powder and again it's with an egg
cosmetics like fluffy brush I really
like their brushes and then I put on
some blonde and I use NYX matte bronzer
this is my favorite once I find
something I like I don't really change
it and I think this brush is from
Sephora and I'm pretty sure it's for
powder but I use it for my bronzer
because I'm a freaking rebel and then I
take warm soul howdy beauty guru in the
morning on when you're half asleep that
looks scary
alright next I do my brows something new
I've started using tinted brow mascara
stuff to just run that through and after
that Tarte cosmetics brow pencil it's
really thin filling in the spaces you
know I have our brows on bags on my high
school rose curl my eyelashes and then I
put a little it cosmetics waterproof gel
eyeliner on so now we put on that little
bit of mascara ah they're real lips I'm
using this weird lip liner from L'Oreal
I don't know what color it is my whole
life consists of me wearing lipstick
very sloppily and lip liner makes me
feel a good person and this is like this
new lipstick from Tarte cosmetics it's
super cool it's like a lipstick and a
lip gloss
and this color is style oh there you go
that's what I look like after I put on
makeup in the morning what a riveting
blog how do you look like that without
makeup on
uh-huh now I need to figure out what
don't wear
we just finished working on
Christopher's here I'm here in Vancouver
Dickens the coop season the kids got a
case of the cubes we are editing episode
three today which it's getting to a good
place it's a dagger play it's like I
know it is what it's like
I know it's hard because like I'm such a
perfectionist and I want these episodes
to be like the absolute most amazingly
best they possibly can be and so until
they get to that point I get really
impressed impatient and then we always
get them there like when I first got
episode when I was like I don't know I
don't know about this show and then now
I'm like obsessed with it and I can't
wait for you guys good one is so good
guys I'm so toast over to absolute 303
is is getting there episode 3 is so
close to being like the best episode
anyway it's nice to have a walking
partner cuz I've been walking home every
day and now I get to walk home with my
brother which is fun I pretend like it's
for her protection but really she's
protecting yeah I'm protecting it
I've been fine I've been walking home by
myself every day I know I'm glad you're
here
yeah I was talking about that with Josh
the other day cuz he was like you can't
walk anywhere by yourself you're a girl
and I was like so you're a boy you
sounds like that shouldn't be a thing it
shouldn't be like a girl shouldn't walk
alone but a boy can and I get what he
was saying like girls are more
susceptible to like scary things or
whatever I guess like but I could punch
a boy in the wiener if I needed to I
feel like like that was that threatening
that's a really tall guy here fighting
yes right in the weave and right in the
window all right so Christopher and I
are now at a restaurant you super good
where are we also milestones drill bars
link really good and well everywhere in
Canada which is like amazing I haven't
had one bad meal tip in Canada drinking
a beer which is showing me but I'm
drinking a Canadian beer pretty good and
I still going to toe today to our
potatoes what do you see are all up on
my plate Wow
y'all I'm home from dinner it is 10:30
at night what home my mama so we just
got some coffee
and we're going to drink it at 10:30 at
night but yeah this has been really like
a crazy experience of editing the
Netflix show cuz it's like I don't know
it's so much different like this whole
process has been so crazy because first
I found out about the show and started
developing shown I was allowed to talk
about it at all it was a complete secret
we started writing the show and four
months it was like in a writers room
with a bunch of writers every single day
and that was really fun to create the
world come like let this world come to
life that I've always dreamt of in my
head and like put it on paper was really
exciting and then casting the show was
such a bizarre experience than to
filming the show which was insane and
the best two months of my entire life
and I just want to relive it every day
forever and now the editing which is
really bizarre cuz like I'm so used to
production where we were hanging out
with people every single day on set and
now it's like alone in an editing room
with a producer too and just watching
scenes over and over and over and over
again it's a lot of work it's really
really tedious and it's really lonely
it's not the right word it's like I
don't know what the word is but it's
like by the end of the day you just want
to run out of the office and scream
just because you've just been cooped up
all day and watching the same thing on
repeat all day but it's exciting it's
exciting to watch it all come together
and it makes me excited for you guys to
see it and for it to be finished finally
but I will say that my favorite part of
the whole process for sure is filming
the show and producing it like being on
set and producing and being on set and
in acting is the most fun for sure
anyway I didn't film too much fun stuff
for you guys I apologize oh Allah Allah
my brain is gonna explode
soon but I'm enjoying doing these vlogs
so yes like
