here we go I look like a toad a thank
you baby you know no I'll go to Tim
Hortons morning we're working on episode
3 today would you watch last night did
you like episode 3 set 3 or 4 you
watched 3 I liked them oh so I'm not
done myself up well this is what happens
when I'm vlogging I don't care what I
look like or what you look like or what
angles I'd use I just go for it all
right time to go to work time to go to
work and if they look like a tomato man
I'm Colleen and I'm a total to war a
potato with my potato war total I don't
know that's what I feel like I look like
when I can see myself in the viewfinder
like a really gross potato or a toe
what's up guys I just got off work and
even though it looks like it's like 4:00
in the afternoon it is actually almost 9
p.m. right now look at this this guy
looks like it is the middle of the day
and it is almost 9 p.m. at night can
that's crazy and the Sun stays up
forever
but anyway or just man covers crazy I
don't know about all of Canada
I felt like walking back to my place
tonight it's like a 35 40 minute walk
but I need the exercise because all I do
all day sit in an office and stare at a
screen and also just beautiful in
Vancouver
so I like to walk around as much as I
can because it's not something I ever do
in LA so I'm going to take a nice little
walk and enjoy the scenery alrighty I'm
home and I moved rooms because we have
two bedrooms here and we were in the
room that had the connecting bathroom
but this room has a bigger bed but it's
a smaller room see as you can see the
wall is like 10 inches from the foot of
the bed and same on that side of the bed
it's literally just a bed in this room
but this room has a bigger closet and
it's a bigger bed so I'm just leaving
this room and Christopher's gonna sleep
in the room with a smaller bed but it
has a bathroom in a balcony so it's like
do you want a bigger bed you want to buy
your closet I'm going to empty out my
suitcase into this closet and try to
make this room a little bit more homey
so that I'm comfortable in here because
I'm gonna be here for the next couple of
months so let's do this
I finished unpacking my room so I
thought in this vlog I would give you
guys a little apartment tour of where
I'm living for the next couple of months
so right when you come in front door you
meet this little hallway and to the
right here is my bathroom just dirty and
clearly so I'll kind of give you a
little tour this is gonna be really
boring so if you guys don't want to tour
a very in detailed tour of my apartment
do not watch all this is probably gonna
change to the longer I live here so
first we have all of my hair products
head and children's that's embarrassing
but sometimes a girl's got to do what a
girl's got to do
so I have a bunch of really fancy
shampoo and conditioners for
reconstructing your hair and like deep
conditioners lots of deep conditioners
this is my face wash that I use because
when I was on set for haters back off we
ruined my hair because normally I'll
wash it once or twice a week and
straighten it once a week maybe but on
set I had to straighten it like stick
straight every single day so it was
getting just fried every single day and
it's breaking off and it's really
unhealthy so I'm trying really hard to
rejuvenate it and bring it back to life
I brush my deodorant some face creams
and my favorite curl product in the
world curl keeper you guys always ask
what I used for my curls that's my keeps
my girls
I dropped a hairbrush in the freakin
toilet today and I still haven't taken
it out so if you say to man maybe okay
sissy me take that out of the toilet oh
my god
all right over here we have the big
closet so this is like I don't even know
what this is supposed to be for but I'm
going to use it as my shooting closet
all my miranda stuff is going to go in
here all my shooting equipments gonna go
in here props so we have the daddy
saddle up here Miranda summer I know
closed course bringing more and over
here we have stuff for like videos ideas
and then this is a towel that Netflix
got everyone on set
it's like fan art I sent them some of
the art that you guys have drawn and
they put it on towels and gave it to
everyone in the cast which is super cool
so that's what that is
over here we have Christopher's bedroom
which is only going to be his bedroom
for a couple of days because they're
supposed to give him his own apartment
because I think it's really weird that
living with my brother I mean I love my
brother and I love spending time with my
brother but like I don't want to sleep
with a bra on and I want to like go to
the shower and like come out in a towel
and that's really weird if my brother's
here so we're gonna get him his own
place and this will be Cory's room
eventually then you walk over here so
there's the hall you just walk down and
then you turn the corner and this is the
kitchen didn't and those are boxes of
nothing and then that's my husband and
our little couch little living area and
then this is our view out here so then
over here we have a little dining area a
desk a dining room area and this is my
room very small like I showed you but
it's got a pretty view so um I don't
have a lot of stuff with me right now so
this is all the clothes that I brought
right here so here's my clothes I just
threw out a couple layers of shoes and
my crop tops are over here because
that's like my daily aesthetic lately is
just a crop top and high waisted jeans
or
like leggings and a baggy shirt but
that's all I wear every single day
here I have my blanket because this is
the blanket I slept with every night
since I was born and yes I'm an adult
woman who still sleeps with a blanket
Josh just made me coffee even though
it's midnight because I never sleep this
is where I'm keeping my necklaces right
now but that will change this joy is
just like my everything drawer I keep my
makeup by my bed because I do my makeup
in bed in the morning because I don't
get a lot of sleep and so I try to stay
in bed as long as possible and I don't
want to stand in the bathroom in the
morning when I'm tired and do my makeup
for 15 minutes so I stay in my bed in my
PJs and like watch something on YouTube
or on TV and do my makeup that's when I
do my makeup so I wonder does anyone
else do that like ladies do you guys do
that because I do that every single
morning josh is on the phone so yeah
every morning I do my makeup in my bed
maybe I'll do getting ready with me
video one morning but that might be
terrifying because I'm not yet in the
morning up here I decorated so you can
see this was the my chair so this was on
the back of my chair and since this was
like the best thing that's ever happened
to me in my life I'm very proud of it
so I'm putting it on the wall I don't
care if that is cocky I don't care if
people make fun of me if that is that
the same as like putting a portrait of
yourself on your wall I don't care I'm
very proud of the show and I'm proud of
that I got a director's chair with my
name on it and I'm really proud of it so
anyway here's a bunch of Polaroids I
took while we were in production of the
show so um yeah that was really fun and
then this is a card that Eric gave to me
when we rapped and this is a card that
Angela gave to me when we rapped and
they're really special to me so put them
on the wall to the cast is near and dear
to my heart they're like my family
they're my best friends and they're not
here with me man Coover this time around
which really breaks my heart I missed
them a lot so I decided to put them all
over my wall in my room so I can
remember them and think about them all
the time so anyway that is tour of my
apartment where I'm living for the next
couple of months I'm hoping to decorate
it a little bit more make it even a
little bit more
homey but right now it just looks like
someone's college dorm room I hope
you're enjoying these vlogs because I'm
really enjoying making them this one's a
super long one so if you've watched till
the end lucky you
oh I told you and sig my hand in the
toilet so let me go do that right now
okay so see what fell in the toilet was
I am posting a video on Friday which is
tomorrow for you guys if you're watching
this of me doing this like new hair
product and it fell in the toilet
tonight and shattered in the toilet and
there's so pieces of it in the toilet as
you can see down there so I need to
stick my hand in there and get those out
which is discussing them here we go so
freakin disgusting
oh my god I'm gonna die little piece at
the bottom oh my god oh my god
yeah
you I do my wedding ring on that's gross
and thanks for watching till the end I
hope you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
bye
