morning my name is tow oh here is juice
I hate what to write
oh my gosh baby it's raining please
don't do that what was that so josh is
driving me to work and then after where
josh is gonna pick me up and we're going
to a doctor to get a second opinion on
my shoulder because I got an MRI last
week in LA and with results back and the
doctor said yep tear and you have
inflammation tendinitis but you got yo
just dick woke up pretty much he's like
you don't need a surgery which is good
news but he also is like because your
body will just peel itself but my body
has been in pain for two years and has
not healed itself yet so I was like well
that's what every doctor keeps telling
me that my files just heal itself but it
hasn't so can we fix that music yeah
so I'm getting a second opinion tonight
up in Vancouver and hopefully what will
happen is they'll say don't need a
surgery which would be awesome
but here's a physical therapist and I
think use of acupuncture or something to
help with the pain every day uh we'll
see what they say talk about all the gas
that came out of your bubble was born so
much gas but your whole body was
vibrating trying to get it out I felt it
other covers just hmm what did you see
my butt did it vibrating no you said
this morning he said though you I feel
like your butthole was swollen here all
all night like this just so when you
wake up it it's very entertaining for me
because you had no expression on your
face you're watching your brother on
YouTube and all of a sudden I feel this
thick oh oh
goobers that's all you can do is make
the giver
lengthen my XE Oh it's gotten so thick
since I came when I moved to be she got
its accidents I think when I moved to
get it
I was fighting you say it's a lot this
maybe you just wanted my kind of boo boo
oh ma girl I got to come home early
tonight um I'm so used to working like
from early in the morning until the
middle of the night especially after
like the shoot that we just did um
during the show like with hitters back
off we would shoot until like 3:00 in
the morning 4:00 in the morning
sometimes 5:00 in the morning so
whenever I get off and it's still light
outside I'm like what is this life so
it's like 5:00 right now and I'm home
which is so weird but I do have doctor's
plumbing tonight so I've gotta go do
that but this is so weird it means I can
work on like YouTube stuff and other fun
things at
apartment which is so excited I'm oh I
still look like a job oh okay I just
went to the doctor and she said
basically that have tendinitis which I
already knew and a tear which I already
knew and I just need to do a bunch of
physical therapy and icing it and
stretches and resting and blah blah blah
blah blah it's all stuff I've heard
before but I haven't had a chance to go
to physical therapy for like six months
it been so busy so I'm going to try to
go back to physical therapy and
hopefully this time it will help it but
the good news is no surgery so hopefully
we can avoid surgery by going to
physical therapy and doing all the
things we love to do I look so gross
like my eyebrows are a mess nothing's on
fleek today but Josh and I are in North
Vancouver and we are getting sushi for
dinner which is very exciting because
I've heard that Vancouver has really
good sushi but I haven't tried it yet so
today will be the test
he really she's learning a lot yeah I
don't like oysters they look like
vaginas I'm very honest we are home from
Lucille and her uh anyway sushi was
really good dinner was really good um
and I'm just really full and tired and
now we're gonna watch episode 1 and
episode 3 of my show tonight cuz I have
to give notes and tomorrow we're going
in and doing more editing um so I wanted
to show Josh those yeah I don't really
have anything interesting to say I love
you guys and I hope you enjoyed this
pointless vlog about not dyeing my hair
is now down and I used this hair thing
that you will see in Friday on my main
channel to my hair it looks crazy
um which a lot of you aren't gonna like
because I tested a hair product that I
was really excited to test and I had so
much fun making that video so for all
you haters out there just don't watch it
anyway um it is 12:30 in the morning and
I've work in the morning so I need to go
to bed but Christopher my brother and
co-producer and co-writer and co-moh
will be really fun and then Cory comes
the next day which is awesome and my
friend Harvey is living up in Vancouver
shooting movie right now so I think I'm
hanging out with him tomorrow night I
love you guys and I will see you
tomorrow I'm so gross okay
