hey guys I look like a toad today so it
is the morning and I am going to oh my
god I really do look like a toe it's
crazy I am getting ready to go to work
we are editing episode 2 today
we're almost done with it and I think
it's pretty good I showed it to Josh and
Josh was like I think it better than
Episode one which is good and bad it
means that that's episode two is good
but it also means like Episode one is
the one that I want people like the most
because then the one they keep watching
because on Netflix you want people to
binge watch your show and you want
people to finish the first episode oh my
god I have to see the next one
um so I hope that's how it is I'm in the
closet and this is the only thing I've
hung up so far
and I still look like ito okay
I'm home from work I couldn't show you
anything because there's all editing
stuff that like you know I see but I'm
home with Jewish cutting up an onion for
me since my arm is a total gampy we're
making dinner no not you cut the onion
you did a 5% of the work and then you
said here you go you do
well sorry yo oh you got nothing to say
girl cuz you know it's true I said let
me do it I know how to do it you taught
me like yeah I just want to reteach you
yeah anyway we're making some chicken
and veggies for dinner and I look so
busted
oh my god I mean that you can have it
marinade okay because I'm a cook now oh
yeah I've been gutted in some goop oh is
that cooking okay well then once it's
goofed I can put in the oven just like
you we're not putting in the oven put it
in the pan on that stove how do you cook
it on the pan and turn it on okay we're
gonna go by we ate dinner I do not film
it because we ate it but how was it good
what we have uh we had chicken and kale
sauteed kale and broccoli and asparagus
it's very very healthy
cuz I've been feeling gross lately
because when I was on set come with the
dark bags under my eyes are not cute um
while I was on set I ate like ten meals
a day of like garbage and so I'm trying
to get back into like how we ate before
I left which was like a lot of grilled
salmon a grilled chicken and veggies and
it is not easy because my stomach
definitely grew cuz normally I wouldn't
even eat the whole thing and I every
bite and josh is one who didn't eat
something and now it's like 10 p.m. and
all I want in my whole life was just a
crepe like I just leave
we're gonna go get it quick I know it's
like I can't even like it okay I wanna
know if you guys do this so whenever I
like try to like eat healthy or diet or
something like that I feel like I always
end up eating worse because I'm thinking
about it so much that like my mind is
like oh you can't have sweets oh you
can't have carbs so now you want them
more whereas if like I just didn't think
about my diet I probably just eat
healthy because I wouldn't be thinking
about food so much I would just be
eating when I was hungry but I did good
today for lunch I had brown rice and
veggies a little bit teriyaki sauce and
for dinner I had grilled chicken and
broccoli and asparagus and kale and so
dessert you'll have for dessert I will
have a crepe I'll have a crepe with you
never know I ate right today and I
worked ass today so I'll have a Nutella
banana cream Oh getting crazier back
over all right here we go YUM
oh how was it you make me a bite
maybe I got dark chocolate strawberry
and it's so amazing and Josh got banana
Nutella like oh so like you said he
would and I'm gonna try it
pretty bomb weight delicious on my
palate we're gonna eat these and choke
on them goodbye
good what's your favourite crepe I want
to know what kind of should try although
I'll probably only ever tries strawberry
chocolates like my favorite combination
what I really look like a totodile like
that is like my spirit animal is a big
tough alright
however this we're going to go home and
I'm going to edit and he's going to
watch Game of Thrones oh yeah
and that's pretty much my day how
exciting is that guys see this is why I
don't walk nothing happens I just work
all day but episode 1 is looking really
good and I'm so - looking really good
and I'm so excited for you guys to watch
the episode I think you're gonna really
like them they're funny and heartwarming
and stupid and weird and bizarre and all
of the things right other guys and I'll
see you tomorrow maybe I might hey guys
so um I uploaded a video yesterday a
vlog and at the end of the vlog I kind
of talked about how I felt about gun
laws and and everyone's been going on
and what I think we should do to make
things different so it doesn't happen
again and you know contact the
government and contact your local
representatives for our country and just
be like hey let's fix these gun laws um
I'm just so surprised like I'm so like
there's nothing I can do what smile cuz
like if I don't I think I'll like I
would cry from like just sadness of how
this world is like it's the most
dislikes I've ever gotten on a vlog and
I don't understand why like I don't
understand why me having the opinion
that if we could just restrict getting
guns a little bit more maybe we could
save some lives I don't know why that
made people so mad like it caused so
much hate that I was saying hey I don't
want people to die anymore
like let's do something about it like
why does that make people so mad like
it's just like it's crazy I can't
believe it um yeah just kind of blew my
mind like I understand people having
different opinions and there's a lot of
people who you know they like having
their guns they want to have guns they
want to hunt and they want to kill
animals and they want to protect their
family by having a gun in their purse or
whatever and people have that opinion
and I didn't say that you are an idiot
for having that opinion I didn't say
that you should die for having that
opinion all I said is that I think it's
a little bit harder to get a gun I think
that you should have to go through the
same rules and regulations that you have
to do to get a driver's license or to
get an abortion or to get a passport
like that's what I said like I just want
there to be more rules in place so that
not anyone off the street can just go
buy a gun like that's what I want
and obviously my personal opinion is I'd
like to get rid of all the guns but the
fact of the matter is there's already
thousands and thousands millions of guns
out and about just roaming so to to go
for like let's get rid of all the guns
is not really believable right now so
let's just monitor a little bit more and
try to make a little bit safer place to
live in like people are getting shot
killed every single day in America and
it's like why why are we not doing more
to make things change so anyway I just
wanted to say I appreciate everyone who
liked the video and was kind and reached
out to the government to try to change
these laws and I appreciate anyone who
donated money to the victims families I
appreciate you guys and I appreciate the
people who had different opinions than
me but still left a nice comment like oh
I don't want same opinion as you but you
know I love you and I respect your
opinion like that was great too I don't
I don't get mad people have different
opinions of me actually like having
conversations with people have different
opinions than me because then that's how
I get educated and that's how I learn so
I'm not angry that people of different
opinions I'm sad that people were so
mean and angry at me for wanting to to
feel safe in my country like I just
that's so weird like what a weird thing
to be angry and mad at me for I got a
lot of dislikes
I lost subscribers and I don't care
about that I care about like sticking up
for what I believe is right and I still
encourage you guys to reach out to the
government and try to get these laws
changed or just updated anyway oh my god
I love you guys just spread positivity
and happiness and be nice to each other
and um don't get angry people have
different opinions of you like think why
like why do they have a different
opinion me
I want to learn about it like that's a
smarter and more beneficial way to go
about life than to just be angry and
mean like it's just so strange I'm so
confused by it but anyway I wanted to
say that before I left in order to close
out the vlog but yeah anyway um I've got
a good bed because I have to wake up
early but I love you guys
and just be nice to each other like Oh
be nice it's not hard it's so easy to be
nice ah all right see you later
