look I'm home for two seconds I came
back to California after wrapping last
time you guys probably saw me was when I
was crying on my main channel and that's
really embarrassing but then I came home
and I've been here for a little bit we
did like press and photo shoots and
stuff and I got to know my friends and
now I'm going back to Canada so I have
to go back up there to do some editing
and I'm gonna be there for a two months
but I'm gonna come back for VidCon but
I'm gonna try to vlog while I'm up there
which is probably gonna be like the most
boring vlogs in the world because I'm
literally just gonna be sitting in the
editing room and I can't show you
anything but it should still be fun I'm
gonna be up there with Joshua is coming
with me today Joshua has a bandana
backpack um so anyway uh you have your
passport I just put it in my back pocket
ooh and it snaps in the front oh yeah
Wow such a dick
you are a little bit he's your little
tiny anyway um so josh is coming up with
me and then Cory's going to meet up
there in a couple days and my brother
will be up there in a couple days and my
friend Harvey is up there shooting a
movie so he'll be around and hanging out
and I think some of the cast might come
up at some point and hang out too so
you'll see people here and there anyway
I've got to go in the car and get to the
airport so here we don't look at this I
got this cool thing it's right here's my
Streamy that I won last year and this
was just so cool
I love it this is cooler than any trophy
I could ever get because it just if I
can't get it to stand up man man ok this
is major drama just stop stop okay Wow
that sucks to me that is cooler than any
trophy I could get because it means I
did my own TV show and he shot it and
right now I'm still in the phase of like
oh we shot it and I think it's gonna be
good and I haven't gotten any reviews
yet because I know that once I get
reviews and people are like I hate that
show it's awful but I'm gonna be really
sad so I'm trying to enjoy the time
where it's just me and my team and we
all are proud of it and excited about it
so I'm trying to revel in the joy of
that so we are at the airport and Josh
got a haircut
but I have this lipstick that I wanted
to try that I bought a while ago and I
just haven't tried it yet apparently
this is a mood lipstick so when you put
it on it changes color depending on your
mood I'm either gonna look like Lowe's L
or my lips gonna turn to color and we're
going to know my true feelings right now
let's find out today even if we do have
something useful why we may not have
whom to accommodate everyone it's light
red if anyone would like well that's so
weird I put it on it now it's pink so I
guess I'm in a pink mood I want to see
what mood you're in can I put this on
you do you have makeup on ever yeah your
hands welcome to Los Angeles
this is Mayor that's all you notice damn
what's on it is always an honor to host
our troops and their loved ones
breakdance saving don't pretty sure
that's actually my shirt
is it not it is I wipe it on my shirt
it's kind of a cool color do not wipe it
on the chairs
what am I supposed to do with it it
looks good we had a board a plane what's
up guys I am in my apartment in
Vancouver Joshua is in bed I think Josh
um and I'm gonna close up this vlog but
I wanted to talk about something really
fast before I did um obviously the
horrible shootings happened in Orlando
last night um and it has been so heavy
on my heart and mind all day today like
any time I seriously sit and think about
it I just cry like it is so it's awful
like there's no there's not even words
like it's just awful like um so I think
something that makes me the most upset
is like I don't want to just like post
tweets and say like all my thoughts and
prayers are with those people who lost
someone they love like yes that's
important that we feel that way and and
we do send positive vibes and thoughts
and prayers but like I want to do
something like I feel so helpless
um so I feel like I wanted to just I
wanted to take a second and kind of
encourage you guys to do something um
there's a bunch of different things you
can do one you could donate blood which
it was actually awesome today there is
like crazy line in Orlando of like 7
hours or something of people because
everyone went to go donate blood which
is super awesome um there's a place
where you can donate money to the
families who lost loved one and I'll put
that link below for you guys to go check
out if you want to donate money um and
then also I think the the most important
thing to me is that we reach out to our
government and demand that this stops
like it is it's it is partly our fault
like we
you know shootings keep happening in
America and every time they happen we go
oh my gosh that's so horrible and my
thoughts and prayers are with them but
like no one ever I don't feel like
anyone ever does anything to change it
so that it can't happen again um and I
just I really feel strongly that like
the gun laws just need to change like
it's crazy that like to get an abortion
or get your driver's license even like
to get anything in this country it's
hard I could f Utley list anything and
it's your passport like anything is
harder than getting a gun like it's so
easy to just go buy a gun in America and
um and it just makes me really sick it
makes me really sad and I I tweeted
about it a lot today and there was a lot
of people who we're kind of fighting
back at me saying like guns don't kill
people people kill people but guns were
literally made to kill like the purpose
of a gun is to kill there's no other
reason for it so I don't understand how
any we'd say guns don't kill people like
yes they do that's the reason you have a
gun is to kill something so I don't even
understand how people are arguing
against it like and also you know I'm
seeing a lot of arguments like well I
have a gun to protect my family
well you wouldn't need a gun to protect
your family if people didn't have guns
like the only reason you want one is
because other people have guns so if we
can eliminate guns or at least make it
harder to get like I understand that so
many people already have guns so how can
we monitor who has guns and who doesn't
and bla bla bla but I think that's a
poor excuse like we got to start
somewhere like at least make it frickin
harder to get a gun make it so that you
you have to go through a screening
process in order to get one um I don't
know but I just think that the best
thing we can do to prevent this from
happening again other than just saying
my thoughts and prayers are with you is
to write our government and say fix this
like it keeps happening the America is
the place where this happens guys we are
the majority of
gun violence like the majority like of
all the gun violence in the world but it
happens here because we just let people
have guns um so anyway I am going to
educate myself and I'm going to do a
bunch of research on gun violence and
gun control and what I can do to make a
change because I'm sick of this
happening I'm sick of people being shot
and killed for no reason um innocent
people and it's it's hot I'm just over
it
and I'm sick of saying like oh I'm so
sad about this and crying about it like
I want to do something so um I'm gonna
do my research I'm going to contact
anyone and everyone I can to try to get
some laws put in place that make us a
little bit more safe and um I'm going to
donate money to the families and I want
you guys to do the same like we can make
a difference we can change things like
we can people have done it in the past
and um you know I saw a lot people
tweeting me from Australia today that
we're saying like that they they did
this like they their gun laws were kind
of messed up and then the people in
Australia fought back were like no
change these laws and they did and we
can do it too
like we have to stop being lazy and just
saying oh that's too bad but I want to
have my gun in case that in case someone
comes and burglars my house won't be
able to kill them like would you really
do that like I don't feel like anyone
would actually do that like I feel like
if someone burglars your house you freak
out and scream and like run away like
would you really think to go find your
gun inside the safe in the back of your
closet and like I don't know I I'm very
bothered by the situation and I'm
bothered by people who are defending it
like 50 people just were murdered with a
gun and I openly said like let's fix
these gun laws this doesn't keep
happening and people are attacking me
saying like how dare I say that um which
is so it's so weird like I'm not going
to listen to guns don't kill people
people kill people anymore because guns
do
you kill people that's what they're
there for they're there to kill
something that's why we have them so
guns do kill people they just killed 50
people in Orlando um anyway I just
couldn't not say something so I'm saying
something and I hope that you guys will
do something with me please pretty
pretty please if you have um differing
opinions from me that's totally fine to
have a different opinion than me but
don't be negative and mean about it like
I'm not trying to hurt anyone by saying
like let's fix these gun laws I'm just
trying to make it a little less people
get murdered and so if you want to help
me and help our government and help our
world please do something
don't just tweet a picture of a rainbow
and say like I wish we there was Peaks
like let's take an action let's do
something about it and make a change um
anyway I love you guys I am in Canada
now and I will be here for next couple
months doing post-production on my TV
show haters back off or Netflix show
haters back off um and yeah I'll be back
and forth between here in LA for the
next two months editing the show and
making it all pretty for you guys to
watch it when it finally comes out um
I'm gonna try to vlog while I'm up here
we'll see how that goes because you know
me and vlogging never really goes very
well but I love you guys spread
happiness and love and not hate and
let's change the world right
