so I am home guys Oh monger
can you see me I'm gonna wait a second
before I start talking too much to make
sure we get um I was super bummed to be
Canada like the saddest he watched my
main channel you would have seen a very
embarrassing video where I'm like crying
and being super sad and I was really sad
to leave and I'm still really sad like
if I know Oh probably start to cry um
but I'm also really happy to be home I
really miss my friends I miss Josh I
miss my family so it's good to be home
um but tonight tonight I'm gonna see my
cast I'm going out to dinner Walla sings
on the gas so I'm going out to dinner
with Angela and Eric and I'm like on
cloud nine I'm so excited to see them so
right now it's kind of
the best of those worlds because I'm
home and I get I got to hang out like
all my friends last night and Josh and
my family and then today I get to see
some of the cast so it's like kind of
best both worlds but um anyway to just
do a livestream to like kind of touch
base with you guys and hang out for a
second and also a hashtag people are
wanting the hashtag um Colleen is home I
don't know that's kind of boring I'd
rather do something really cool how
about something that has to do with
women being the best things in the world
because that is a conversation I've been
having a lot lately is like I've become
more and more aware of like sexism like
in the industry and kind of in general
and um so I've been having lots of
conversations about it just ever since I
started doing the show I've noticed like
how much sexism that actually is against
women which I didn't even know was still
a thing um oh yeah how about hashtags
shady Colleen because I went on a
shading spree so yeah hashtags shady
Faline okay so anyway tonight um oh yeah
here's the thing what I don't even know
where to be and where should we talk I
don't even know what to say so yeah um
the women thing live in power honey um I
am a very strong independent confident
girl and I guess that's not something
that people are used to cuz it's like a
very popular topic of conversation and
interviews and stuff I'm like wait why
is it shocking that I'm like hardworking
and a girl like why is that a thing I
don't know it really is weird to me um
but I got in a conversation a little bit
with Josh even about it today cuz he
made some comment about how he wants to
protect me and um and I was like oh
that's so sweet and he's like yeah I
want to protect you cuz you're my little
wifey and you need to be protected I'm
like wait no I can take care of myself
but it's I like you want to protect me
just like I would protect you as a man
it's my duty to protect you and that's
what I'm supposed to do and I was like
no as my husband
like that's your what you should be
doing cuz you should want to take care
of me and as your wife I just want to
take care of you don't protect you and
and when we talked about it and we're
you know he's awesome and we're on the
same page in whatever but it was just
like an interesting concept of like why
are we taught that like women are weak
and need to be taken care of
anyway I'm not gonna get into that right
now but um I can hear you got wrong
you've got roles hey give me a kiss
this is what they've all wanted um so
hashtag shady Pauline Rachel Pierce said
I bet you won't read this I just did
okay so here's the deal I'm going out to
dinner tonight and I look like a troll
right now so I was just at the doctor
and um had to get an MRI and just I
don't know I look gross so I um my
friend Daniel just sent me a whole box
of Tarte cosmetics because he works for
chart and I haven't used any of yet so I
thought I'd be fun to be kind of like a
girly thing right now and kind of go
through and do all my makeup using Tarte
makeup which I don't have a lot of so I
don't know much about um and you guys
can laugh with me because I don't really
know what any of this stuff is like what
what is this for I don't know what this
is supposed to be is this for like blush
or bronzer or foundation or like I don't
know what any of this like what is this
brush for I don't know I don't know the
answers but I have a bunch of stuff like
this that I'm like what do I do
um this is hard stuff and ham and just
chat with you guys so that's the plan
right now I'm gonna get ready with you
so let's see we have I have slate
poreless perfecting primers so I feel
like this is what you put on first so
I've heard from beauty gurus Amazon clay
full coverage foundation but I don't
know which color mhmm and he sent me a
few different colors
so I have three different colors you
guys are gonna pick for me okay so we
have medium tan honey hmm
medium neutral and light neutral what
color do you guys think I would be
iPhone I'm gonna use regardless if it's
my color or not no I'm gonna line
straight was in the neighbors if they're
gonna be like nice to us we need to make
nice mm-hm tested on you Nick please few
guys to give me an answer I should use
medium neutral medium light neutral
medium you guys are the same medium
muscular saying you do you guys are
making fun of me okay medium neutral is
what I'm gonna go in is this super
choppy because it looks really choppy me
okay so first I'm gonna put on primer
and I will use my fingers to some rebel
I don't know that primer does anything
like all I ever hear is how primer is so
amazing and everyone needs to use it I
and then I always whenever I've used it
I'm like a freakin difference um do you
guys think I'm crazy is that right or
wrong so now the primer is on Kara back
just at least this little section my
hairs so dead guys from doing the show
because that every single day cuz they
wanted me to match Angela and it's
easier for continuity and like
consistency in the episodes if our hair
looks like the same and every scene cuz
we shoot one scene one day and then
three weeks later she the same scene but
like another moment in the same scene so
we needed to make sure my hair looked
like we could let's write the show so
straightening it was the easiest way to
do that so we flattened the crap out of
my hair every single day or do you have
months and now my hair is dying
here is the media mutual okay now I need
your guys's help because I have these
brushes but I don't know what's for what
what's this
wait this is a tinted primer I use our
own primer this is very stressful okay I
also have concealers how do you do this
light medium sand light medium neutral
oh my lord
okay so the only brushes I have are
these and I read some oh I have this one
and I read on this one is this a
foundation brush here are the brushes I
have tell me if any of these are
foundation brushes because I actually
have zero clue okay so these are the
brushes that I have so this is one two
three and four so you guys tweet me
right now and tell me which brush I'm
supposed to use for my foundation
obviously I don't think it's this one
it's you fluffy how do people know what
brushes are for what like how do you
know these things like this one I spread
someone says for a bronzer or is this
one for bronzer okay so tweet me which
one I'm supposed to use for my
foundation you guys I'm a mess I'm a
grown-ass woman and I don't know how to
makeup okay someone in the mean time
said what's going on with your shirt ins
picture Josh Instagram a picture and
this is like a shirt I was wearing at
the MRI today and has a stain on it they
had to inject this like black liquid
into my arm before the MRI and so it was
like spilling all over me and it was
really gross and that is what that is
it's like this weird black tar stuff you
think it's brush too I don't know guys
which brush is it first one no one has
any idea my mommy's brush three bottom
of brush two what this is for foundation
I don't know that that's true who knows
just he's for the third brush is funding
this is for foundation there's no way
for the small big one is a kabuki brush
for powder use number
suck everyone's making fun of me I don't
know y'all like one said when did you
get an MRI I got an MRI today brush
number two this is not for foundation
there's no freaking way vision maybe
this one I think Corey told me yesterday
this one's for foundation I'll just look
like brushes like how do people know the
difference bottom of brushed to the
nonfluent one girl just use your fingers
okay is it it brush to is concealer so
this is for concealer my god you guys
are all stressing me out you guys this
Tuesday foundation brush this is not for
fountain assume no way this is for is
this for foundation this is for
foundation bottom a brush to you guys
this is taking up so much time like why
don't I just use my fingers um for it's
the foundation brush just look it up use
the shadiest Cory's right okay I'm gonna
use this one cuz Cory told me to use
this one
I'm sending said okay so you guys told
me to use medium neutral let's see if
this color matches me it doesn't we'll
find out and the ones like I think this
might be too dark y'all can't even see
it how does that look orange
did it even what's happening anyway
should we talk about while I'm putting
this makeup on my face that doesn't do
anything I kind of like because it
doesn't look like anything um a lot of
you guys want me to talk about drama
because there's been some drama um
here's the drama y'all you guys create
like a fan accounts that make me laugh
really hard like today I was reading one
um
it says and it was just like making fun
of me and I was laughing hysterically
like if they're really funny and there
are one of my favorite fan accounts is
one that tweets like the drama and the
fandom and the reason I think it's funny
is because I don't understand why or how
there is drama for someone who was main
objective is to spread happiness and to
be nice to people so it makes me laugh
there's drama going on between people
when I like the all I want is for
everyone to be happy so I keep up on the
drama and I read your tweets and um I
also read like when you guys are not
being truthful so I deemed the whoever I
actually have no idea who's in charge of
that fandom drama account I have no idea
so I deemed and was just like oh I've
got some tea to spill for you because I
witnessed some lies being told yesterday
online because a lot of times you guys
will say things about me that aren't
true and um
and spread these rumors about me and
things I say and how I act and there's a
lot of rumors going around yesterday
that I was drunk at the bowling alley
cuz I went to holding I last night on my
snapchat me and my friends were acting
like lunatics and everyone thought we
were all drunk when in reality the only
person had anything to drink was Rachel
and she had one beer and I don't really
drink and so I hadn't didn't have
anything but everyone was sitting I was
drunk and um yeah which is silly but
anyway I did not spill any tea eh I did
not say what happened I all I said was
his person was just like whoever runs
out of channel I just was like hey I've
got I got some tea and then I didn't say
what my tea was because I'm not about to
start some drama so I didn't say
anything I just thought it was funny um
and I wanted them to know that I liked
the account and it makes me laugh and
that's it and it's not a big deal but
apparently ever since I did that
everyone's like freaking out and
thinking that I'm like I don't know
anyway this is not very interesting but
that is what happened
what's this medium neutral Amazon clay
full coverage airbrush foundation long
should put concealer on now
light me a mutual I guess that's when I
should use so I would want it here's the
thing this looks a little orange the
color that I chose I'm gonna put like
concealer I have to like a house well
this is thick concealer
hmm too much I understand you'd my
fingers guys I don't have time for
brushes hmm we've got time for brushes
so anyway there's no drama that was the
drama um oh my god I am a two-year-old
look at my face okay um maybe I'll use
this brush and blend it in my using the
wrong brush am i stressing any beauty
gurus out right now no this is very
thick alrighty now which we talked about
let's try to think of something juicy to
talk about I'm uploading a story time
video tomorrow hopefully if I have
totally out of it about a story with an
old boyfriend awesome which I will tell
you um I had to tweak the story a little
bit video it is the true story however I
made it a little less for the video so
just know that when you watch the video
the true story something more scandalous
happened um then what I think said
happened and I'll let you guys interpret
that however you want
watch it that's all I'm gonna say about
that all right how's this look not the
same okay okay now I am reading your
tweet Dee's Nancy Oh - Forsyth house
you're poopin it's been what girl oh I
need to go but they have a little
band-aid from my shot
what bye Hank where's Joshua he is
outside with his family um Alice said
she's traveling 12 hours to see my
VidCon that is very exciting did content
making a big announcement um I'm really
excited I finally get to tell you some
very interesting information that you
guys have been asking for gonna be
finally VidCon so and don't worry if
you're not at VidCon um you know wait
this is a bad decision
if you're not at VidCon you'll still
find out about this interesting
information because there'll be a video
that will go up and give the information
to um but some really exciting news some
of the cast's will be at VidCon which is
really exciting some of the cast of
haters back off so I'm hoping so one the
only person who's like confirmed for
sure is gonna be there is Eric who's
like one of my best sees on set that
should all follow him I say that every
time but I'm serious cuz he's always
like how do I grow numbers how do I do
this I don't think anyone would like
communities on secure um but he's
actually like the cool is like nicest
guy ever
who's that my mama come on II mean
you're leaving my mom's here come on
I will have fun in Kannada alright and
y'all so look at this cute little blush
palette I got from Target and I also
have which I'm gonna use on my eyes
today instead oh it's so this didn't
come with a bronzer so I'm gonna use my
bronzer but I am gonna try this bronzer
brush which I think that's what this is
cuz it looks like it is maybe you mean
I'm gonna try and find something to talk
about while I'm putting this stuff on
let's see you're not home very long
that's from Claire I have to go back to
Canada to edit the though that's
something I'm realizing with this show
I'm really lucky Netflix has been
awesome has been letting me like have a
lot of control over the project which is
good and bad it's good because it means
that what this looks horrible um it's
good because it means that um the show
will be exactly how I want it to be
hopefully but it's bad because it means
if it's not good and no one likes it it
is my fault so we have an editor who's
editing the episodes but I sit in the
room with the editor and tell him what
clips use and what parts to keep and
what parts to take out like the timing
that I want for jokes and all that stuff
so I go in with other executive
producers do we have a few executive
producers we all sit there all day long
in the editing room in Canada and out of
the show and I and I'm really happy
about that I feel really lucky but I
didn't realize not everyone does that
like most the time you just let that
editor do this thing and you're not
really a part of it so people are like
oh now that you're done filming like
what you gonna do are you so excited I'm
like well I'm not done working though
because I have to be myself to edit and
I'm
be working the next two months in Canada
I'm just home for a little bit and then
I switched to my brush guys because I
just want to use my muse - very good
okay now I'm gonna pick a blush so I'm
gonna pick this one it's called laughs
laughs and it has glitter in it and a
like sprinkles so that's very pink
oh that's much Pinker than I expected oh
my god oh my god oh that's really pink
oh my god I need to get that off that is
I look like a clown okay well we have a
problem you blend it in
oopsies so what should we talk about now
y'all well lose viewers like crazy um
Alex said I think you mentioned this
before but in the shows there a lot of
improv yes there is
right now there is maybe they'll change
it and take it out but right now yeah
there's a lot of improv I like to improv
by the way in case any of you don't know
which I don't know who knows what in
this university anymore but improv is um
you have a script for the show that I
wrote with the writers um we had a
really awesome writing team and per
months and months and months we sat in
the writing room and wrote all the
episodes together and um while we do
stay pretty true to the scripts it was
really important to me that we found
actors that could improv a lot on set
which means going off the script and
saying other lines that aren't scripted
because that's how Miranda was created
like I've never scripted a Miranda video
there my Miranda videos are always just
whatever comes to my head so I knew that
in order for Miranda this seemed like
Miranda in the show and keep you guys
happy who improv on set and improv a lot
of the scenes because that's how rent is
created and like all the things I've
said is Marin but you guys know like
what think and are Nagini
and like all those things were not
scripted like those are things I came up
with in the moment and so in order to
stay true to like that and all that
stuff I wanted to make sure I can improv
on sets we hired actors who are
hilarious improv actors and there is a
lot of improv on set however the one
issue is the actors we hired are so
funny that they make me laugh a lot so a
lot of the improv we can't even use
because I'm laughing so I ruin a lot of
tastes so apologies okay so one thing I
don't have is am is like eyeshadow
brushes so I could eat is this an
eyeshadow blush could you use it for
like all over mmm
there is gonna be a lot of them calm and
I can be nice to meet these people like
I cannot wait for you to meet Miranda's
mom and uncle of Patrick so freaking
much like the guy who plays Eric who
plays my and his best friend is like my
dog he's so funny I love it I hope you
don't love it that's okay to you well I
love it that's all that matters
okey-dokey artichokey this is pretty
guys tart knows how to do some
eyeshadows I will say that much cuz this
is pretty stuff okay a rosy pink mix
with the color called Lucky Penny can
you even see anything thing with live
strands is it such crappy quality
there's like no way to know okay um my
favorite thing about live streams is as
I get more and more boring throughout
people just stop watching and I lose
followers so who's gonna say till the
end stay till the end squad Coleen's
babe said it would be prettier if you
weren't using your fingers what are you
bringing on tour with you I
I'm going look how pretty these colors
are you guys oh my lord
um I am taking Cory under with me
because Cory is my assistant lifesaver I
could not do anything without him so
Cory's coming on tour with me and I like
to bring my mom on tour with me as much
as possible whenever I can because she
is awesome
um I have a road manager named Suzanne
she will go on tour with me so I'm going
to the next place I'm going I think is
New Mexico and I'm going to Salt Lake
City Thousand Oaks and then I'm going I
think I'm from Colorado and then I'm
going to Europe which I'm like I'm going
to London and I'm going all over England
and then I'm going to Ireland just to
Dublin and then I went to Germany which
I'm like freaking out about and that's
yeah but welcome to secrets with live
streams I always say things I'm not
supposed to say but I'm gonna tell you
guys um cuz I don't even know oh is 4:21
so people over there anything awake
anyway but we just added a show in the
city I've never been to so after Germany
I'm going to Copenhagen but I'm
definitely get in trouble for telling
you that because I was not supposed to
announce it yet cuz I don't know if the
tickets are on still oh yeah but no you
guys know I know that the tickets are
going on sale in like a day or two like
that if they're not on sale already
they're gonna be I'm still in a hot
second but I'm really excited I've never
been there before if you never if you've
never heard of Copenhagen or don't know
which about it just search Copenhagen
and you don't blow your mind like it's
the prettiest place in the world so I'm
really really excited about that and
then I'm going to the East Coast and
doing a bunch of shows I'm really
nervous about those shows because
they're in really big theaters and I'm
used to doing like no 1,000 seats and
the ones over on the East Coast are like
really big and I there's like no way
I'll ever sell them out because they're
like 3,000 seats but it's a good
but if you went to get to go to my Singh
Kham to get tickets my goal um this time
around with tour is I do VIP and VIP
meet and greets I meet you guys take
pictures with you we do a Q&A together
and talk and the reason I do that
because I feel like VIP meet and greets
are not fair like you pay extra because
first of all VIP tickets are so
expensive and I that like bothers me
like I think they're too expensive um
for any show like not just for my show
but like any show you go to like to meet
and take a picture with someone it's
like so expensive and I just don't like
that and so um we started doing this Q&A
before we take the pictures because I
was like it's not fair to pay all that
money and then you just like go up a
walk next to the person you want a free
short a picture and go like that's super
lame and I can't sign anything because
of my arm I'm not allowed to sign
because I have 200 people at each
meeting greet so to sign 200 things a
night is like I'm not supposed to be
writing at all so I'm not allowed to
sign things I can only sign like the
posters for the merch table and that's
it um and so anyway I was like that's
not fair let's do something else so then
we started doing Q&A before the mean
greet where I can like talk to you guys
hang out with you hug you laugh with you
tell you story it's like secrets and
like I mean Creed's are really fun but
but like I wish there was a way to make
it fair for everyone because the mean
greets are super fun and awesome but
then there's like all these people who
don't get to meet me and I want to meet
all of you and there are people who
drive like 12 hours and like don't get
to meet me and I don't get to meet you
and it's just super lame sauce so I'm
trying to come up with a way that like
the other problem is like if I it's if I
meet all the VIPs and then I go outside
and meet everyone waiting then it's not
fair for the people who paid extra they
paid extra to meet me extra and they got
to meet me too so that's what my people
my managers and like producers are ever
like you can't go say hi to other people
it's not fair to people who paid extra
I'm Michael I don't care I want to meet
everyone so we're trying to figure out a
way
to like make it so everyone can be happy
and if people want to stay after and
meet me maybe they can't meet me but
what I've done sometimes is um a lot of
times now I'll insist like that I get to
go out and take a selfie like on my
phone and I'll take selfies on my phone
like with a big group of people and then
I'll tweet it and be like look we got a
picture together that way you're not
getting individual pictures like VIP
people but we'll still get a picture
together so I'm wondering if there's a
way we can do that to make it safer and
like um I don't know I don't know if you
guys have any ideas tell me because I
want to figure out a way to make it so
that like everyone's happy and everyone
leaves if you have a gift for me like I
want you to be able to give it to me I
want to be able to give you a hug like
the last one of the last shows I had as
I was walking the car there's a bunch of
kids and a girl give me a hug and was
like you helped me through so much and
like I don't know I like hearing those
stories and I like I like spending time
with you guys so the thought of like
some of you waiting for hours outside in
the cold your stories and you don't get
to hug me like it really makes me upset
and so we're trying to figure out a way
to make it work
so if you have any ideas let me know
because I'm about to go back on tour and
I'd love to have this problem fixed
before then because I want to meet you
guys
and nothing makes me like you guys will
see on my bus tour when the documentary
comes out if it ever comes out um like
how many people like crowded on the bus
and I love that like I love it makes me
feel so loved like when you guys do that
cuz and I like can snapchat it and like
and then you guys feel like you got
something cuz you were on my snapchat or
like Twitter or whatever and I don't
know you guys just always make me feel
loved anyway I don't know what I'm
saying tell me what you think I should
do because we can't have a longer VIP
meet-and-greet because you know it'll
cut into the show time am i boring I
don't feel like I'm really boring right
now feeling very weird um let's see cam
said please do the mean greet as
yourself well I do the qat as myself see
like Claire said I waited it outside
till my hands went numb for the New
Orleans show but you couldn't come out
see you like I was so upset
um
let's see what's the theme for your tour
that's from Maggie well I've been
thinking about it I wanted to create a
whole new show with like a whole new
concept and all this stuff but with work
I've been so busy I haven't had time
like really sit and think about it and
one thing that um I'll share with you
like all my shows that I've done cuz
I've done like self-help right now I'm
kind of doing a version of self-help I'm
teaching people how to get a boyfriend
Miranda teaches you how to get Abbaye
the whole show I've done Moran is
running for president which was a fun
show and I did summer camp and honestly
summer camp was probably my favorite
because um sense of camaraderie with the
audience like there's a lot of audience
participation and we had these
friendship bracelets that you guys wore
and I wore and I felt really connected
to you guys you guys gave me like charms
to put on my friendship bracelet and I
still have them I carry it around with
me everywhere my backpack was up here
I'd show you I have to you guys felt up
to friendship bracelets with me with
charms and I carry them with me
everywhere I consider them my good luck
charms because of each term I can
remember who gave them to me what city I
was in and um it's just cool to feel
like connected to you guys in that way
so I really like the summer camp to her
and I think I think that's what I might
bring it back like not the same one but
a version of it because last year I did
the summer camps were all down the East
Coast and this year I'm doing like New
Mexico California Colorado so it's City
and then I'm going overseas and doing
Europe and Europe didn't get to see this
summer camp tour I might be kind of fun
too but I'm not sure yet I know that the
ones in the fall Oh like um I'm going to
New York and Connecticut like a bunch of
places that'll be something totally new
I don't know what it will be but what do
you guys want to see because you guys no
one's coming to my show so I want you
guys to be like really happy with
whatever it is so you tell me what you
want and that is what I will do um yeah
I need to blend this out cuz it is not
blending I have to tell you guys that I
have been doing
we're okay F so many say oh my god how
much time do you have because we're
gonna just talk and by we I mean me I so
this whole Netflix show thing has been
such a crazy experience and really
really exciting I've always been used to
by myself from doing like YouTube stuff
and which is the best in the world and I
love it and I wouldn't change it for
anything but I'm I've never done
mainstream Hollywood type of things like
red carpet events then movies and TV
like it's just not my wheelhouse I've
never I've never gotten used to of it I
don't I don't know it's not my thing I
like staying at home with my friends and
having a bonfire like I don't like
events I don't like I feel very insecure
when I'm all dressed up and people are
taking pictures of me like it makes me
feel very uncomfortable and I realized
it while I was okay so when we started
doing this Netflix show and we started
shooting it up in Canada I realized a
new passion I love of the industry I
love television I love show business and
I've always known that but like it
really solidified it for me I was like
oh my god I love this and I think I'm
good at it I hope we'll find out when
you guys see the show um
and I love all that but I've also had to
do press like I've also had to do
interviews and suits and stuff like that
like prepare for the show to come out
and in that side of the industry I hate
and I know I'm not supposed to say that
I know that like someone's gonna record
this and like put it somewhere be like
Oh Colinas has bad attitude about press
and what I don't know but I hate it so
much
I get so uncomfortable like I realized
that through this process like I never
knew how much I hated it until this and
I always knew like like ariana grande um
is a sweetheart and there's a friend of
mine and I used to go to a lot of events
with her years ago when we were a lot
closer and she hated red carpets and
I was like why don't you like red
carpets like what's wrong with the red
carpet and I never got it and now like
I'm not even a smidgen in comparison to
that superstar like ariana is the queen
of Queens but I've got like the tiniest
little sliver of a taste of like what it
is like have to do like a red carpet or
a press or something like that and it is
so stressful and so uncomfortable and
Judge like people just like I have had
so many like okay I've had makeup
artists tell me to get Botox and to get
a nose job I've had photographers go who
are you what why are you doing that with
your face like they're so mean and like
I I mean like I went to a red carpet
with Josh ones and I walk I'm gonna go
walk with him because I was
uncomfortable and right when we started
walking the taking pictures like who is
he get him out of here we don't want him
we don't want picture of him like
they're so mean and I and like
interviews are uncomfortable they're
trying to get information out of you and
they twist your words like that I've
done so many interviews where I'm being
nice and happy and positive but they'll
take a few words that I said and like
twist it and change into something else
like it's the worst and so that is one
thing that I'm like really nervous about
I'm anxious about like moving forward
with this show is like I'm just I don't
know I'm talking a lot I feel like I'm
talking too much um anyway I don't even
know I was talking about that oh I've
been doing photo shoots this week for in
preparation for the show to come out and
let me tell you when I have to do photo
shoots as Miranda I love it I have so
much fun and I'm I adore doing pose she
says Miranda like it's super super fun
like to joke around have props and do
ugly faces and do have double chins and
like all that stuff is really fun but
doing photo shoots as me is the most
uncomfortable thing like they try to
doll me up and like blow out my hair put
all this makeup on me which is fun it's
fun to get all that but like how many
people take a picture of you like I
don't know how like if you guys look at
my Instagram you look at anything like
I'm not good at just smiling like a
human and
looking I'm very awkward and so I like
to do faces like and stuff and something
for a photoshoot when they're like yeah
looks sexy I'm like I don't know it's
very uncomfortable um I don't remember
why I was telling you this story guys
see I'm like I'm such a goober eyebrow
so what was the question I don't think
there was a question I think I was just
talking I'm very talkative today it's
been too long since we had a livestream
so I'm like a little Chatty Cathy
um like this I'm supposed to be telling
you guys what I'm using and I have not
been for this Tarte Hall I love the eye
shadows by the way that that eye shadows
that he gave me are really awesome
Donnie said what was it like working
with harmony you never talked about that
yeah I got to work with fifth harmony
last year with Candis and it was awesome
they're all like the nicest girls in the
world they're really funny
and really they're not divas at all um
which is why I think people like them so
much because you can tell like just from
watching their music videos or watching
interviews of them you can see and tell
like how chill and cool they are and um
yeah that's probably the number one
thing I'd say about them is they're all
down to earth and really chill people
alrighty that's seen my cartoon eyebrows
oh my god hey Sam clean B is great Sam
you're a genius hold on I need okay Sam
said hello chuckling just suggested oh I
guess it's jackeline suggested that you
should have a premiere for the show in
New York
yeah you should okay chuckling you're a
genius
I didn't think about this I needn't call
Netflix because for TV show I don't know
how it works like I don't feel like
usually you have like a premiere like
wait this is such a good idea
okay so I already had the idea to do a
premiere for the TV show when it comes
out in LA and like invite all my friends
and family and whatever but I should
totally do a premiere in like different
cities so even though the show comes out
in like one day like the whole entire
series of haters back off will come out
on a certain day so cool that's such a
good idea too like oh my god and have
like oh my god you guys I'm really
excited okay so what I could do is have
I love it I'm just telling you guys this
is though it's gonna happen and it
probably won't and I'm should definitely
pass it by like people at Netflix before
I just talk but I'm just talking
whatever this is none of this is
official I am saying for on the record
this is probably not gonna happen and
it's not official I'm just brainstorming
have fun would it be to have this show
comes out tomorrow
okay what's today June 9th so let's say
June 10th haters back off comes off with
out of Netflix it is not but let's say
tomorrow June 10th and then June 11th I
go to New York and have like a screening
with fans in June 12th we do one in LA
and June 13th we do one in Chicago and
like we hop around and like I could go
with the cast and after you watch an
episode together so dim throughout I
could be pausing like telling you guys
secrets and pointing I got that would be
so fun I wonder if that's a thing is
that a thing people do that can I make
that up did you make that up let me
bring that up that's a fun idea
I doubt it will happen but for the
trying
okay which they thought about next well
the documentary - yeah reasoning with
the documentary I've said this a lot
before but like the documentary isn't
like it's not like Lily's and Tyler's
it's not like this big epic insane cool
documentary it's cool but it's like very
homemade like this thing I can put in
the movie theater it's it's not we
didn't do it to make money we didn't do
it to sell tickets and like we just did
it because we thought it would be fun
for you guys to watch like what it's
like for me to be on tour um where it's
even gonna come out so I don't know
we'll do that because we don't have a
budget so for me to like set up
premieres and rent out a movie theater
and fly around in the world's like
pocket which I could do um but I don't
know Oh see I want you guys to see it
though I saw the other night it looks
good
you think I'll watch at the end tonight
- schwa I know so excited to see my cast
tonight oh okay I'm taking forever to do
my makeup cuz I'm just Chatty Cathy
today Danielle be one two three said you
stolen a baby yeah but not for a very
very very very long time
nice type of the live stream was shady
clean um Sara QD clean underscore said
how is the shades free so the other
night I was feeling shady and I just
went off on Twitter but I was how it was
all good fun like I was laughing I
wasn't actually in a bad mood or
anything um because I think obviously
thing bullying and being mean is
notch is never allowed but sometimes you
feel a little sassy and instead of being
sassy like people I don't like I was
like I'll do it to people that I love
who will know I'm joking so I decided to
go on a shades free and shade you guys
and it was really fun like and you guys
were laughing and I was laughing and
then you guys started shading me and
making fun of me and it was so much fun
and I think I want to start doing it
like more often and have like just
shades freeze or you shoot each other
um but yeah my think my favorite moment
of the shades free was I was making fun
of myself because um someone posted a
really ugly picture of me like and I was
wearing like the ugliest outfit in the
world and it made me laugh and so I was
like you gross who let me wear that
shirt and look at my bangs gross why did
I have bangs and someone I can't
remember who it was now tweeted me at
least the bangs look better than your
wedding hair so hard because I hated my
wedding hair like I hated so much about
my wedding like I loved my wedding but
like I hated a lot of it and that was
one of the things I hated I hated my
hair like I thought it looked so bad and
I did it myself
and the reason I did it myself is I
don't trust anyone to touch my hair but
I was so stressed that day that like I
just did such a bad job on it and it
made me laugh so hard that someone
called me out on how ugly my hair was um
but yeah what I got that was very funny
to me
so thank you to every tree that gave me
such big laughs um yeah I really I had
fun at a party at my myself like the
reception at my wedding was really fun
but the wedding itself was having the
wedding and moving up to it and I hated
it like if I could do it again I don't
think I would have a wedding like if I
if I could go back in time I think I
would you um I don't know go to a
courthouse or just go to a beach
somewhere and like save out wasn't me
like I don't know I I didn't like it
like I don't so I thought I would love
having a wedding and I
like I liked the party like I like to
drinking champagne and dancing with my
friends on that part was really fun but
the rest of it man I don't know I think
it's just too much height for what it is
like a wedding is like not that exciting
I think I've always felt that way anyway
what should be red or pink or blue this
one's it's like a rose color that was
opening this look like when you put on
lashes ya'll said you know like have you
tried cleaning your lens to make you
laugh livestreams better quality okay
that made it worse for all that made it
way worse not better
oh wait it kind of is better Wow okay
oops I didn't know my cooter was that
dirty I feel like my gosh this horrible
my bronzer like makeup it's like how I
put it on say bad news um all right I'm
looking for a topic to talk about
everyone said Rose yes so I'll do the
rose but I want to put on my eyelashes
first can you start cooking tutorials
and testing recipes on my mouse from
Queen I'm going to and I haven't been
able to cook a long time but I feel like
people wouldn't like it but my um was a
long time ago I've well the last time I
ate it showed off one of my recipes was
what I did a berry crumble
I got so many comments that were like no
one cares no lesss you do this don't do
this and so um okay well I enjoy cooking
and I don't people to be jerks about it
so I'm just not gonna post cooking
videos anymore
I'll post whatever else I can totally do
it
there's I have a few recipes I'd love to
share with you guys because I really
enjoy cooking a lot but I also don't
know like I know a lot of you are and I
have a wide range of viewers like a lot
of Ages but most of you I'd say are you
know teenage college and some younger
and so um I didn't know if any of you
guys have been cooked and would you
rather than me cook or would you rather
me fake why is this something so
unblended it looks like I should chisel
it out a little bit more
I'm not guys this is not looking too hot
um we should talk about next I'm having
fun talking to myself tunes hey BAE did
you watch Angela Kinsey on the office
before she was cast those from Selena
Marie I did I knew who she was I didn't
watch all of the office so I haven't
seen every episode like I'm not a super
office likes crazy fan like everyone
else for no reason other than like I
just haven't had time to watch the whole
season I think it's a really funny show
um and knew she was hilarious and I mean
she was really pretty and that was
actually my main concern I was like
she's way too hot to be Miranda's mom um
but um she's such a good sport and let
us like try to make her look bad like
that poor woman had to walk around with
like greasy hair and no makeup which she
would pale and like who produce ugly
clothes cuz that oh my god Angela Kinsey
has the hottest body like she has this
Taylor butt and like the hottest person
like she's so hot and somehow we made
the hottest person in the world look
very homely so she's a really good sport
for letting us do that um but anyway
let's see if I can
eyelash on
I'm doing I don't know I I mean I mean
he has one about the grossest thing in
the world is when you put on makeup and
the foundation gets in your lip and it's
like looks like dead skin and it's
really disgusting um my friend Rebecca
got me into eyelashes I used to never
wear eyelashes but she always wears them
and so she started letting me like bra
her eyelash glue and eyelashes when I
went on the Josh thing to wear this
January that's very good for putting
them on they're such a panda but I
bought please please say big oaf you
have a sign alright what question Nick
says I lose 8 billion followers LMRA
it's her birthday
what up girl Doha livestream way the
shade us
oh my yeah alright I could do that um
Adam cookie boundary said have you ever
skipped school yes I have I have skipped
school and I actually was really lucky
my mom is really awesome and she let me
skip school whenever I wanted to
so like because I was a good student if
there were a days I was the only one of
his school day she doing okay and she'd
write me a note because um because I got
good grades she was like trusted me to
catch up if I took the day off any more
glue um
oh my god how many people my stressing
out right now anyway yeah that I skipped
school all the time like if I didn't
want to go I just wouldn't go but I got
straight A's
I was a little overachiever but I never
skipped school to like and didn't tell
me mom like if I didn't go to school my
mom knew well I hope to be like that
like I hope that when I have kids my kid
could come to me and be like mom I don't
know slow day like the teachers are
annoying me I'm tired and I hope that I
will be cool enough that I can do as
long as you catch up and you're not fine
behind your schoolwork like yeah I take
the day off
let's go shopping Serena said well the
show may be available on us Netflix it
will also be available in the Canadian
one it will be available in 180
countries so this show will be out
everywhere pretty much the day that it
comes out you will be able to watch it
if you have Netflix you will be able to
see my show which is so cool so they're
like dubbing my voice and other
languages and hopefully I'll get to like
go around the world and do press and
meet a bunch of you guys so yeah you can
watch it anywhere
those eyelashes left with the need and
came here skin and not any advice I want
to ask you gradually I'm graduating a
couple examples that's from Frankie you
Frankie me my advice would be to Luke's
I just got glue all over my eyelashes
and all over my eyes do a good job on
this one y'all my advice would be to UM
don't be lazy go for everything work
your butt off don't be don't be scared
here is what will stop you from doing
the things that you love the things that
scare you like are the things so you do
want to be scared because you want to be
doing things that scare you if you're
not doing the things scare you'll never
do anything exciting my god this is not
working I would say whatever you want to
do just go for it like really go 110%
until it happens for you because I'm a
firm believer something you can do it if
you work your butt off like when people
say like oh I tried so hard and it
didn't work well then you gave up if you
said it didn't work that means you at
one point gave up like don't give up
keep working your butt off until it
happens for you if you really want it I
mean if you give up because you're like
I don't want it anymore that's one thing
but so many times I've heard people be
like no I tried that and it's too hard
well you gave up that's why it was too
hard like I've been I've been trying to
be a performer since I was I mean I 12
and ever since I was in college I was
auditioning for everything that I could
and when I got out of college um you
know I'm all up guys I'm 29 and I
graduated college when I was 20 so for
nine years I've been hustling hustling
hustling and dreaming of doing like a TV
show and it took nine years and most
people takes even longer like I'm even
lucky that that happened but even that
being said like this show could totally
bomb and everyone could be like I hate
that show it sucked and people who say
like
Miranda could die you know that is an
option like that could happen to me I'm
not gonna well I tried it in super hard
and I give up I'm gonna be like okay
well then what's the next thing I'm
gonna make it happen for myself so
that's my biggest advice is like go for
it work really hard and don't get
discouraged when it doesn't happen right
away oh and his open be positive and
excited about whatever you will are
doing like having a positive attitude
changes everything so like when I worked
at I worked at macaroni grill which is a
restaurant and I sang there so I sing
Italian arias at a macaroni grill for
rude people who were eating pasta and
wouldn't even look at me and it was kind
of crap so I did that and I worked at
print I worked for princess praise where
I dressed up like Belle and which little
princess prays where they would like
whack me in my vagina and spit on me and
drool on me and it was horrible um but
when I had those jobs like I loved it
and I was like this is it I'm living the
dream I am singing and getting paid I am
performing and getting paid like this is
amazing like and so I just had a really
positive look on things like when I went
to Disneyland I was like this is the
best job I'll ever have in my whole life
I'm gonna keep working for more but if
nothing else ever happens I'm gonna be
happy with what I'm doing right now
and Sam thing with Miranda like when
Miranda first started I would do these
little gigs at little tiny bars and to
me that was like a dream come true I was
like I'm performing for 60 people like
this is a dream come true this is the
best thing that could ever happen to me
if I die tomorrow I'd be happy and
that's kind of how I've always lived my
life when it comes to business like I
always work hard and always I'm trying
to achieve more but I'm also staying
satisfied with what I'm currently doing
because if your constant like well I'll
just be happy if I get to do that
then you're never you'll never be happy
so find happiness and what you're
currently doing while you're working
hard to get more that makes sense and
that has really worked for me because I
feel like there's only been a few times
in my life right then like I'm miserable
doing this and I wish I could just have
this like I'm kind of at a prison where
I'm like am i happy if I am that's great
if I'm not happy can I find happiness
and if the answer is no than stop doing
it like any job that I've had where I
was like I'm really I'm happy doing this
I stopped doing it because it's not
worth it you got one like honey months
don't waste it being miserable cut dunk
over then okay guys I think I'm ready
for the holistic oh my god eyelashes not
gonna last very long gonna put on some
makeup underneath my ass blend it out a
little bit more I'm reading featuring
arsenic zero okay so a lot of you are
asking me to shade you which I'm not
gonna go through and shade individual
people right now however I can shave you
a little bit right now and maybe this
will be the last thing I'll say and then
I'll go hide under the rock with you
guys okay I really enjoy positivity and
happiness and laughter so whenever you
guys tweet me funny things or
encouraging things or happy things it
makes me really really happy the one
thing that I hate like I really don't
like it and a lot of you do it so amount
to get real with y'all box against shady
rock look is um I hate I really don't
like pity parties I really don't like
pity parties and a lot of times I will
get online and this is what I will read
I had between for a whole week and
you're never gonna notice me no matter
what I do I don't like that because I
see those things and then now my
perception of you is this person is
pouty and sad and ungrateful and listen
like there's no way I can
sweet and favorite every single one of
you I wish I cook because I totally
would if I had time and if I could like
if that was physically possible I would
totally do it it's not and so when I see
that now
we're Twitter name when you say
something like well I guess you'll never
notice me and that's really unfair
because I tweeted you three times
yesterday and never even said anything
to me now whenever I see your Twitter
name all I think about is that person is
very negative and grumpy and why would
you want me to think of you that way I
don't want to think that about anybody
but I will say that like the majority of
the time you guys are all just really
positive and sweet and awesome but that
is like probably my biggest pet peeve is
when you guys like or like you'll never
notice me no matter what I do I don't
even know why I try I'm not a fan
I can't wait am I just sad okay I will
say this though these are from Tarte and
I think this is genius I don't know how
this isn't more popular it's a lipstick
and a lip gloss so you've got the
lipstick on one side I know it's
colossal other side I think this is
genius I'm so happy it exists and I'm
going to get a lip liner I think lip
liner makes all the difference in the
world
I've just been a little chatty Machat
aresome today you know what actually I
love these are my favorite so even
though this is gonna be totally tart
today I love this NYX matte lip they're
cheap and they're so good and usually I
don't need a lip liner if I have one of
these so I'm just going on maybe I
should check my lip liner maybe I'll do
it okay so usually this stuff is so good
you don't even need a lip liner but I
don't know
so what else on the shade can I throw
okay
yeah I don't like that and I don't like
when you guys correct my grammar if you
correct Rachel's grammar on Twitter my
sister she will block you like that's
how much she needs it so I'm just a
forewarning I actually don't like the
color I just used I like this okay
finished
how does it look so now I just make out
an outfit which will probably be because
my new obsession is crop tops and
high-waisted jeans and the reason that
was becoming like everything is because
I lost a lot of weight before I went to
Canada on accident I just was so
stressed I wasn't eating a lot um and
but when I went up to Canada I like was
eating so much on set that I gained the
weight back um not all of it but like I
definitely have gained a little bit of
weight back but I got super into crop
tops and high-waisted jeans because I
was so skinny but like my felony I oh my
god
no but I was I was like losing a lot of
weight and so my stomach looked good for
the first time oh my life I was like
kind of proud of how my stomach looked
but now it's like going back to how it
was so I don't know probably in the
bring crop top and high-waisted jeans
tonight but it only depends on like what
it looks like because I'm Lorna cropped
up a long time and you know and I will
curl my hair yeah so that was my night
I'm gonna go hang out with Josh's family
before they leave but thanks for hanging
out with me guys this was really fun to
sit and chat and was probably pretty
boring for a lot of you but I had a good
time and um yeah next week um I know I
just posted that video a couple days ago
saying I was sad and I was but I got it
out of my system I feel so much better
I'm not sad anymore
um and so I will be back to posting
regular videos next week this week and I
plan on filling a bunch of videos I'm
gonna collab with some people this
weekend so Miranda video I'm in mourning
so get ready for that and yeah I love
you guys thanks for being supportive or
patient with me while I figure out my
life and try to get things back to
normal
and I love you thanks for hanging out
with me you too this
