oh I'm live and in person which - I need
clean clean extreme right now y'all sure
it's already going I'm just being really
boring right now okay guys has anybody
even frickin watching this it's going on
I look like I squeeze fluff because
sorry chick song everyone Mattamy sorry
took so long my dad and my mom are here
and I got excited and was talking to
them about stuff stuff extreme y'all and
I just need to put on my snap do we know
I am stringing right now and I'm telling
you I'm a secret okay live stream on my
vlog oh my god I can't edit my snack
what I'm live right now I want to come
say hi let me say vlog was trimming me
say blah
you should get with the times
get with the times y'all okay alrighty
guys what's up sorry took me so long we
used
hashtag corinne secrets cuz i'm gonna
tell you secrets if you want to know
some secrets you just have to ask what
you want now's the time for us
everyone's mad cuz i said it like an
hour ago i was like hey man do live
stream and then i never get it because i
was showing my parents like different
scenes and stuff from my show because I
get dailies sent to me I look so greasy
I'm not greasy at all my skin's actually
very dry it's just this lighting
um but Dad are you starving are you
Nancy what's your problem walking around
like you're antsy let's take a shower go
take a shower
it shows really good awesome well my dad
came to set for the first time today and
we got to do a really cool scene like it
was outside and whenever we do seems
like outside it's like it's a lot more
work it's like crazy cuz you're fighting
with the sunshine and the weather and
like pedestrians and noises and trains
and cars and airplanes and all stuff so
it's a little stressful but it was a
really fun scene today and um when the
show comes out on Netflix later this
year you guys will know episode 7 is
what we were shooting today and it was
very fun and very funny and uh my dad
got to come on a really cool day today
but anyway I was showing my parents and
scenes from like other things in the
show so anyway but the reason I said I'm
telling all my secrets is because it's
talk about something juicy and so you
guys can ask me or my mother anything
you want and we'll answer your questions
it's may be you may be okay Alison um
he loves Queens and so are the $73
tickets for the Chicago show VIP I sure
would hope so cuz that's freaking
expensive is that how much my tickets
cost so sorry guys that's like the
craziest thing I've ever heard yeah if
the show's arts print tickets are
expensive
that means that their VIP like usually
my normal tickets are I think like 30
ish or 40-ish to come to my show and
then to meet me is like more so I guess
it's how much it costs that's really
expensive I would not pay that to meet
me guys sorry it's so late what is the
road to Miranda that's from Elijah Tate
that is my documentary we watched it
last night and hopefully it's gonna be
out soon we'll see I'm trying to figure
out where to put it if we should try to
get it on like I don't know I don't know
how to do it like because I'm not doing
like Tyler Oakley and Lilly and all them
had like these big intense documentaries
that were like really well produced and
they did like in movie theaters and
stuff and like I'm not gonna do that I'm
probably just gonna like uploaded to
YouTube because I don't have like a
production company doing it I just did
it myself with my friend Jay so um yeah
I don't know um I'm gonna have to look
in this mom can tell story about when I
was a child my gosh he's bad at that
tell the story but when I was a child
um you loved baking know was what but
you didn't oh you were a double picker
what happened double nostril picture but
it was strange because you didn't like
to keep imagery so that wasn't making
sense for my own hold on one second this
is major trauma should I use that no I
want you to keep talking no keep talking
about sorry I have to deal with a work
situation thing or like like I'm sorry
about um anything about I was a brat or
something I'm sorry these two little
stories
with your sister I'm having a situation
come here I have to make a phone call
it's kind of urgent
well they need we need to fill up for a
minute don't think it's funny come on
don't look for a second sit there and
tell a story about sorry guys I'm having
like a semi emergency like an actual
emergency that I have to deal with it's
really okay here's him embarrassing NES
 yeah he's gonna tell you a story
about Pauline when she was go see it's
hard yeah can you do this okay I'll get
you a wet towel well I remember when
Celine was born and I think she was born
she was so loud that the nurses coming
out loud she was excuse me in my face
and she was like crying and it was
booming voice and they're all wow she's
got a meeting an amazing voice yeah
she's the loud one so they were like
from the very moment she was born she
had this really loud singing voice this
is really weird
isn't it hard she's so just talk tell
stories well come sit down with me yeah
would you do that I myself I don't know
when these stories tell another one um
we're so excited see they don't get this
they're amazing YouTube this from us at
all no yeah obviously clink it's her
ability to sing off-key for me because I
can't sing or that it's firmer Emma
conserve balance is their acting ability
and her singing ability tone for me
because you can sing an act and I can't
yeah this is probably the worst
livestream they've ever watched in their
life you know what let me get my phone
because ask two questions and I'll try
and find them where do we see the
answers and questions
yeah the where are the answers to the
questions
we're sorry guys we are not youtubers
but I can't tell you going on set for
hitters back off is incredible and you
guys are going to love this show it's so
funny just dying of laughter all day
today I'm so excited and so proud of
Colleen and Christopher I don't know
what hashtag genius okay no okay
hashtags secrets so if you do hashtag
secrets and asked him a question he'll
try to answer them okay now I have to
try to find hashtag secrets this is a
disaster hashtag secrets sing a song I
can't imagine we have any secrets about
cleanup they don't already know that's
what she I know but that's what she said
so I think it that right all other
people have done that that might not
work um
how about hashtag bling secrets that's
how you do it there we go
so hashtag calling secrets well have you
listened to the new Beyonce these new
album I don't think that was for you um
is that the one with the song that she
sang him in Super Bowl that's the only
thing we've heard Killeen showed us the
music video like the night came out she
was all excited about it
ooh Colleen's cookie I need my glasses
said do you have any secrets your mom
doesn't know about we'll have to wait
well make sure she tells us that one I
gotta get my glass that's cuz the key
I'm really sorry guys that you happen to
sit through this I'm sure all the
viewers are gonna go away very soon how
do you do this I don't want yours Oh can
Tim do hair braiding and stuff he used
to after the girls were babes at night
he was the one who combed out all the
tangles in their hair so we decide to
come out tangles that how about breeding
well I know how to do braids but I
wasn't very good at it
I think everyone left wait here smart
what are your favorite well this is from
Stephanie Garland what are your favorite
Colleen video and Marana videos - my
favorite one of my favorite of all times
was a really old one when she did the
theme from Titanic remember that when
she did a long time ago and it was like
one of the very first ones but it was
just I thought it was really funny and I
liked it when she does improv stuff on
stage that - she's very funny everyone
quick on her feet yeah like she was
singing into it with Tori Kelly and this
was bad
early in both their careers they were
just singing at a hotel white bar
restaurant a very small venue and they
were seen well what's the one someone
like you and Miranda and Tori Kelly were
singing a duet and Tori Kelly started
just singing incredibly and Miranda was
just scowling at her and looking at her
and was getting angry and I could just
see Colleen's brain was the wheels were
turning in there what to do next since
she reached over and turned off Tori
Kelly's microphone and I think somebody
posted that I'm lying somewhere but it's
it's really it's one of my favorite
things because it's just something she
just came up with them on the spot um
Nikki was 10 wants to know was coming
hard to raise lol no not tell high
school no no no I guess I didn't know
what was going on you didn't tell me we
have really good kids I couldn't think
she was hard to raise at all chuckles a
little laundry yeah Trent was always
getting into trouble yeah terrible twos
were twins he lived him to perfection he
did Gabrielle at grande won one of seven
wants to know where we met you want to
answer that one at church in high school
that was easy
tell the story of hiding that I don't
know what was the lecturers point there
we know Kaitlyn James wants to know
where did Rachel get all of her energy
think she was just born with a lot of
energy always always go go go go though
I gotta tell you I'm just really proud
of all my kids but Rachel um she is
doing really well and she just decided
to just go out on their own and in you
know do her own thing and her videos are
so entertaining I love you know the
videos that Rachel posts and I don't
know like this is really funny
I love her tweets she always does really
think tweets Sophie wants to know if you
like Justin Bieber um I'm not a huge fan
I think it's personality turns me off
more than you know that the stuff he
does like peeing in buckets and
restaurants had some growing up to do I
know I think he still does
Skyler's douchey Skylar Cole Berry said
who got along better growing up clean
Rachel or Rachel and Christopher or
Christopher and Colleen Colleen and
Trent were so close yeah well they were
close from age two they're only like a
year and a half apart and they were like
best buds for quite a while yeah but
Colleen and Rachel didn't get along very
well then now they're like best friends
yeah what show was clean obsessed with
as a child that was for Melissa I would
butcher your last name so um
full house what else um whilst you like
losing Maguire when she's older
Rachel's was Rugrats yeah but the first
video mrs. Beckham VHS days that she
watched over and over again was the
Disney Cinderella cartoon I mean she
when she was three she had that like
every single day she wanted to watch
that show can you do Miranda voice no
you can do it
wait yes you can nope pixie tangerine
that's me
are you coming to the UK with Colleen be
one two three yes I am and I'm so
excited
I completely left us in two fists
this is why she invited us to Canada
yeah um this is really hard sorry
surprised to still people watching sorry
sorry I'm sorry but what's your favorite
thing about Vancouver so far that's from
Jess Jesse at Jesse Bay
JJ Bay 1 to 3 by 2 e 6 what's your
favorite thing so far you haven't seen
much of it no I mean we I just it's
beautiful here we went for a walk or
hike yesterday in the rain in the rain
forest and that was cool we went to see
the lake today but just being with
family and watching clean and
Christopher at work is awesome and all
the people that they're working with her
awesome and we had what Parker's
birthday party yesterday that was really
fun Parker's of cuny the Evil Queen
wants to know Tim what's your favorite
song
I told Colleen this I and I'm obsessed
with the Sara Bareilles song
I choose you
and I'd rather an email and asked her if
she would sing it just because I think
her voice it sounds so beautiful in her
voice but the words in that song are
just really good about marriage and
relationship and you know I think it's a
great song but I've been listening to
that over and over again but I did just
that they just asked me this question
you to nasty um Ariana Grande we've
known her for a long time just kind of
it's been something watching her career
just like skyrocket and just the other
night I never watched music videos that
much but I watched the one that she
posted online
um her new one dangerous woman and she
did an acapella version of it and her
voice is just incredible so if you had a
chance to watch the acapella version of
that song
it's really hey did you see it yeah
Colleen's yummy cooking with stones this
41 in the family ready one two three
Rachel oh I thought they were talking
about between us
no no Rachel's definitely the sporty one
but Gwen used to play sports when she
was she played softball and other sports
that doesn't mean it played them well
you just click them but I like I like
sports too excited the Rams are coming
back to Los Angeles
who's the mises musician in the family
Colleen called me to get it from their
mom she plays the piano and she seems no
I don't do you guys have any pets of
your own that's from McKinsey Van Cleave
yes we have seven chickens three cats
and two dogs a yellow lab and a beagle
that's it right in a blue chain that
comes around all the time
there's four blue jays Lucy there's four
different DJs yeah I named them Lucy
Ricky Evelyn immature Eagles online
you've adopted Explorer doesn't work who
was more picky as a child Rachel or
cooling cooling she was picky about
where she sat what she ate what she
touched our hair was done what clothes
she wore she was like getting dirty no
courage her meat had to be rolled up
like if you ate sliced meat or something
like that dip it in ketchup yes it had
to be dipped thank you um what was
Colleen's favorite Wheesung movie uh I'd
remember the Wheesung videos always
birthday party yeah Sally's how these
birthday party yes wasn't it that's the
creepiest one ever
okay silence that's not good
ah I know
hey just reading what's your favorite
quote from an animal favorite quote from
the movie or just says what's your
favorite quote I like Braveheart that's
my favorite movie video I'm sorry guys I
don't know what you guys just talked
about I'm sorry I had major the most
drama that I was dealing with um okay
everything will be okay there's just
some very disrespectful people in the
world like I would say 99% of my fans
are the most incredible people in the
entire universe
and then there's 1% of people who watch
my videos who are very disrespectful and
rude and ruin things for everyone else
and that just happened so I was dealing
with that and um yeah anyway
I'm dealing with it hashtags cooling
secrets yeah I know I changed it err
that's what it was um no it's coin
secrets okay good cuz that's what they
were asking no you didn't okay sorry I
was gone for so long you must have been
a tortured boomer not them you I'm alive
and all the things they okay I'm sorry
guys um oh my god that was like a very
horrible time to have drama right when I
start a livestream selling games okay
and we're not isn't entertaining Rachel
or Christopher movie so um Caitlyn just
said
I tried to sell them a timeshare okay so
the reason the hashtag is clean secrets
is because you guys can ask me anything
you want except for the specifics of
what just happened I'll tell you someday
oh they wanted to know a secret you have
that you haven't told us yet okay me oh
I'm going to see good I haven't told you
but something you've done you haven't
told me a secret that I was gonna ask
you that
um secret I haven't told you one time I
think you already know this one time I
was little I was like 12 or 13 and I had
a sleepover and we went on the computer
the one computer we had in the house and
my friend Sarah I don't want for her
last name do you ever say I remember so
she went she was like we're gonna go
into a chat room oh into a chat room and
we talked to a man and we lean and we
really had no we were we were like
pretending we're you're like this older
woman and then at the end really like
just kidding I'm a 12 year old boy in
Boy Scouts see that's a secret even that
is terrible he would have been so
grounded um let's see
uh you guys there's no when will you be
done filming Jacqueline coins payable
wants to know I will be done filming
very soon I'm so sad I'm so sad we're
supposed to finish filming this week I
think that um we're supposed to be done
filming very very soon like within the
next couple of weeks for sure I'll still
be in Canada though because we're doing
post-production which means
editing and color correcting and like
all this other stuff but mostly like
editing stuff so we reading the episodes
but then we're doing that in Canada so
I'm so sad though because I gotten so
close to my cast mates
and we're all like we're like a family
and so they're not gonna be here for
post-production it's just me and other
producers and editors and so I had to
say goodbye to all of the cast and I'm
like dreading it like dreading it so
much because when we go home like we're
not gonna hang out all the time which is
realistically it's just not gonna happen
like I'm gonna be up here a lot in
Canada and they're gonna be doing other
acting jobs they have families and they
have friends and like whatever and so
we're just not gonna see each other
anymore like it's it's I mean we will
but not like this like right now we see
each other every day for like 16 or 18
hours a day and we're gonna go from that
to seeing each other maybe once a week
and um so I'm just like super sad
obviously I want a season two of haters
back off because I think the show is
good and I want to do a season two but I
also really want to do it just so I can
like be with my friends every day again
because I'm like I can seriously
honestly say I'm the happiest I've ever
been in my entire life like I have
worked my whole life to like pursue what
I love and be a performer and do what I
love like I've worked my whole life but
with Miranda specifically it's been
almost a decade that I've done the
character it's been like eight years
since the character got popular and I've
been doing it live and like trying hard
to make that a thing and so all that
hard work to like see it become what
it's becoming is like so exciting and
seeing all these people work hard to
like make my dreams come true is like
just really overwhelming so I'm really
sad but it's ending soon and I don't
know if you guys are gonna like it the
show is weird like the show is really
really really weird like I I don't know
it's like it's not like anything else on
television
it's not like anything else I've ever
seen in my life like it's a weird show
so we're taking a huge risk by doing it
cuz a lot of people I think are gonna be
like this doesn't make any sense this is
super weird um but I think it's funny
and I think it's cool and it's different
and you get to see a side of Miranda
you've never seen before and um yeah I
think it's good but I guess it's all it
matters like that I'm proud of it I want
you guys to be proud of it too obviously
but I feel like you guys you guys like
it I just don't know if the rest of the
world will get it my mom like um put ten
twelve thirty so do you even miss Josh
of course I miss Josh of course I do
I don't know I saw when he was here we
were like hiking and like that's what
each other I'm posting a medjool Ian's
pictures um but he is in LA he's been
working he's not tour and he's been
doing all the things that he does and
I've been so busy up here and I only
have like I barely have any time left up
here before I go back home so he's like
oh should I come up I want to come see
you again and I was like well you can
but like I'm now like our days like 20
hours long and so I wouldn't even see
him I'm like you might as well stay home
and get your work done and I'll see if I
can get my work done and I'm gonna see
you really soon anyway so I miss him a
lot but we both really get that the
other person is super busy and invested
in each other's job so we're fine um oh
yeah I saw the balloon that you got me
at the airport trying to find a good
question about a sink right Anna and
Hamill 5:h fanatic said what has been
the best and worst part of working with
Christopher so Christopher is my brother
and he's my co-producer co-writer on the
show and he is seriously
so good like he's so talented at being a
producer and a writer and a comedian
like he is so so freaking talented this
show would not happen if it weren't for
my brother like he is incredible um and
everyone feels that way like even like
the cat other cast members on set or
like your brother is so good at this
like they go to him for advice on the
characters and on scenes and like he's
incredible you guys like I don't know I
can feel like people don't know that
about Christopher but like you know you
guys might watch him on his YouTube
channel with his family and stuff but
like it's like he has a secret weapon
like he is the most incredible producer
and comedian and writer like he's so
freakin good um so anyway he's amazing I
love working with my brother
um the most horrible thing about working
with him there isn't really a horrible
thing about working with Christopher
like I love working with my brother um
trying to think of like a negative thing
but I really can't like he's so good at
his job and like we we read each other's
minds like it's crazy like I'll be on
set with you know my mom and my uncle in
a scene and there'll be something that
I'm like oh my gosh this is wrong or
like like for an example would be the
other day we were shooting a scene and I
was like oh the ground is like so clean
the ground needs to be dirtier in this
one scene but when I'm acting it's like
a little inappropriate for me to go and
like tell someone what to do or say
something about something in the show
because I'm supposed to be just focusing
on acting and I told it to um my cast
members else like oh my gosh I'm like
have stress because I feel like the
floor needs to be dirtier but I don't
say anything
and Christopher walked in he couldn't
hear me he didn't know I said it he
walked in he's like this floor needs to
be dirtier right here and like the exact
spot I was talking about he started to
like dirty up and I was like ah you know
we always read each other's minds like
it's like a joke within the cassock
everyone's like Oh Chris Franklin have
the same brain so I don't think I have a
like negative thing about working with
him so it's all positive okay
bring Ashley Marie ash back 1987 Sidhu
and Chris's opinions on the show clash
on set sometimes yeah we do sometimes we
have totally different opinions of what
could happen and what should happen what
shouldn't happen but we respect each
other's so much that if he says like
like if I say
Miranda's phone should have sparkles on
it and he says I do not think - women
should have sparkles on it it should be
bright red I would like I would never be
mad at him for saying no to me I'd be
like oh why do you think that because I
respect this opinion so I just asked
like oh why and he'll tell me why I'm
like oh well I think it should have
sparkles because of a B and C and I'll
tell my reasons and we'll talk about it
and debate it until we come until we
agree on something
so um we do clash a lot but not a lot
but when we do clash for usually we hear
it out oh thanks dad you want me to play
the ukulele song you like you told me
you told them about it my dad really
liked the song so I'll sing it I posted
this on I posted like a little snippet
of me like playing us and learning it on
Instagram and the comments were so mean
I deleted it they're all like this does
not sound good this is not your best
point you this is not sound good I was
like you guys suck so I just deleted it
and said no similar setups secondly at
night
sorry guys
I don't know the bridge I don't remember
the bridge that's I you my voice is all
scratchy from yelling today I yelled a
lot on set today anyway now that I've
lost all my followers my daddy loves my
mom um let's see
Caitlyn asks what would you do if you
had met Josh later in life I don't know
that's a weird question what I do if I'd
met Josh later in life like I don't know
I probably wouldn't have moved to New
York cuz he was like basically the main
reason I moved there so that would be
different I don't know I don't really
know how to answer that question and see
Jade mrs. Josh eggy Jade say xxxx or
something said is there rumors that
about you that you thought were funny or
really rude well there's always a rumor
that I'm pregnant
and I've heard rumors that I'm not a
nice person but I've heard rumors the
like people like Queens was really rude
um because like like I remember one
story in particular someone was like oh
my god my friend met you and said you
were such a jerk but like you're
actually really nice and I was like oh
who's your friend who was I me too and I
felt like super bag who's I rich ooh and
they were like well he said that he met
you at a bar and you were hanging out
with all your friends and he came up to
was like hi I'm a big fan and you were
like oh hi thank you and then he was
like yeah I love your videos and you
were like thanks that's so nice and then
you turned around and you kept talking
to your friends and you wouldn't talk to
him and I was like wait he was mad
because I didn't leave my friends that I
was hanging out with to go hang out with
him I didn't know who he was and she was
like yeah it was super rude and I was
like I know that that was rude like to
be with my friends and be like I'm
staying with my friends and not he
didn't ask me to hang out with him in
fact if you is the guy I don't remember
this happening but I guess if he had
been like hey I wanna hang out I'd be
like you know join us like I would have
been cool about it but he was mad and I
didn't voluntarily leave my friends that
I went out with to go hang out with him
or something
so heard rumors like that where people
like she's really rude um I don't think
I've heard that like a couple times but
I don't know other rumors about me I've
heard rumors that Josh and I are getting
divorced a lot lately because we're not
in the same place um trying to true I've
heard rumors that I'm pregnant I've
heard rumors that I don't know I've
heard a lot of different rumors
Sequoyah rap bleh said why did you
decide to make a TV show not a movie
that's a good question I think I wanted
to do a TV show I don't know it's just
kind of what I've always wanted to do
and a movie is like a one-time thing
like I mean you can make more movies but
like the story that I want to tell as
miranda is such a long story and in a
movie you have an hour and a half or two
hours to tell a whole story and TV show
you have like a whole season and then
you have more season so you if you get
lucky and if it's successful so
hopefully hopefully I'll be able to make
more seasons and like continue to tell
the stories of Miranda because a lot of
the stories in this show are true
stories like based on true things that
happened to me but yeah that's why when
I went there's so much to tell like I
didn't feel like I could tell everything
I wanted to tell in one movie and like
with a movie it really is like oh it's
done like if we had done a movie and we
wrapped like whenever we're done filming
I'd be like oh that's it the goodbye to
my cast and everyone so all you do a
sequel to a movie but it doesn't happen
that often but with the TV show it's
like oh maybe we'll get a season 2 um
maybe if we're like the luckiest people
well I might answer one more question
then I need to post me something nice
looking for a good question and I'm keep
her keep asking me about my period well
dad wants to tell you
according to bullying in high school she
was always on her period because she
didn't want to go to church oh yeah I
always said I was on my period
really good crayons trying to find a
good juicy one for y'all Jesse Smith
said who's your favorite person on the
haters back off Cass I can't choose um
our cast is mine I like them all very
much for different reasons like Steve
littles playing my uncle and um he is
truly the funniest person I've ever met
in my entire life like he is the
funniest person on planet earth he makes
me laugh so hard he's perfect for the
role so I love him a lot and then Angela
Kinsey is playing my mom and she is the
sweetest like kindest most loving just
genuine person in the whole world and
we've gotten really close and she's also
hilarious like super super funny so I
love her a lot
and then Eric Stockland is playing Ren's
best friend and he is amazing as well
he's super sweet and kind of funny and
like he's awesome
so I love them all they're all amazing
he's a really good friend of mine too
yeah there was a guy on set today that
was like very attractive and I was like
Miranda this would distract from the
scene because Miranda would be like Oh
Miranda would wanna like go be with him
so I was like he can't be an eye side of
Miranda or like she would leave the
conversation she's having and she would
go try to flirt with him I wanted it on
a juicy one okay Sarah psycho excellent
said do you ever steal from your parents
or sneak out I would see like quarters
from my dad's bathroom Rachel Rachel
strange ah what a bitch she stole it be
like avenger'
hundreds of dollars yeah friends yeah
and then um but I never stole I didn't
sneak out of our house like our home
home but I snuck out of my cousin's
house once I went to visit my cousin in
Washington and we said I was like 14 or
something and she was 8 17 or 18 and she
was like let's sneak out and we snuck
out of the house in the middle of the
night and we walked to like it was like
a Denny's it wasn't a Denny's of it was
something like Denny's and we met up
with one of her friends and then we went
to a 7-eleven about saran wrap and like
put saran wrap on the street like on two
two stop signs to see if we get like a
car to drive through it like as a prank
but the only car that came up saw it and
like stopped and got out of his car and
pulled it down and then we were like
okay we're going home come home I went
to bed it was like the lamest sneaking
out and we gotten huge trouble like her
parents found out like 6 months later or
something and called my parents and
wrote us a letter and I'd like apologize
I write a letter of apology for like
sneaking other house and disrespecting
their home and blah blah blah but like
that's the only time I've ever snuck out
and it was very lame so I'm not that
interesting but anyway thanks for
hanging out sorry that I had to leave
and deal with some drawings we're so
sorry
um but you got seeing my parents a
little bit anyway I have to go to bed I
like to wake up in like an hour and go
to set so I'm going but I love you guys
thanks for hanging out a little bit
tonight and I don't see an eye on me
