come on tell Nana well I'm live
streaming right now is there somewhere
that those songs we memorize them puts
like just because I like our parents
yeah there's a bunch of songs like that
all right
I think you guys know how this works
oh it's laggy ah better crap guys it's
like really laggy oh can you guys even
see this is like trashiest trash okay
what surprise I just wanted to say hi
for a couple minutes but first I need to
check if this is even working so get me
on Saigon it's working it's probably
just super laggy look the heck no one's
saying it's good it's working some
people are saying it's working some
people I think it's not working I don't
want to do this is like always the story
of my life at the live stream um okay
working perfectly okay so um I am going
to live changes for a few a little bit
just for like 10 minutes or something I
always say that and then I was the
longer but um I just wanted to check in
with you guys cuz I feel like I am like
I feel like distant from you think we're
breaking up but because I've been so
busy on set like I've never really
online as much anymore
and I used to do live streams all the
time like weeks ago and then now I like
to never do so I want to do when I'm
making dinner right now right now our
dinner Corey's here with our partner in
Canada we're just making vegetables
because here's the problem is when I'm
at home
in LA like I cook a lot and what I cook
is pretty healthy but here there's this
thing called craft services onset where
they make you food and it's always like
incredible like today at lunch we had
like pot roast and mashed potatoes and
culver cheese on it cake and fried fish
and chicken wings and they give you all
the food and it's like hello I'm gonna
eat it obviously I like not to eat this
and then I feel really gross and barfy
and poopy the rest today so we had quite
a blow by a bunch of vegetables and
we're just gonna roast a bunch of
veggies and eat veggies for dinner and I
just ripped all the foil so that's too
long anyway what are you guys up to
tonight I want to like pink and jam with
y'all zone I think I want to do a live
stream with some of the cast sometimes
soon too but I don't know if I'm allowed
to thought to figure that out because I
would love for you guys to get to know
the cast to meet them cuz they're so
cool
I love my cast um ray Maria Maria Maria
said she's talking about food WTF hahaha
I didn't know that was funny but okay um
pretty little secrets that are you
excited see Josh on Saturday Yas on
Farzana
um hashtag let's do hash tag dinner with
Colleen or gonna think of something
better than that I don't know we do this
every time and reasonable time to do
live streams you guys asked for a hash
tag I never know what to do and then the
noise ins at being like Colleen is an
idiot or something stupid like that
so if you guys have an idea go ahead and
I'll show you but I'm just checking
Twitter and I'm checking the comments on
this live stream for questions and
whatnot alright so I am in my kitchen
and I have all these veggies so I have
broccoli and cauliflower and asparagus
and
but all loans on pepper on him usually
put like garlic or something on just
like some zucchini so um where's Cory
they want to know where's Cory come on
hit okay it's coming there we are it's
really laggy welcome to my life right
now I haven't watched my hair since
fried eggs I'm not allowed to wash it
because it needs to look gross for
Miranda so I'm like super nasty all
right let's see the doctor lacks Whovian
zero for said are you homesick yet I am
not homesick I thought I was gonna be
like super homesick this whole time I
was here and I'm not even a little bit
homesick
I'm actually like having the time of my
life and I never want to leave I'm gonna
move this I love it here and then
actually I'm like at a point where I'm
so sad that I'm gonna have to go
eventually I'm like counting down the
days to win I'm gonna be the saddest
person in the world because I'm gonna
have to leave and I really don't want to
leave I'm super sad about it all right
you guys want to ask any questions or
chat like you can tweet me actually and
B what to do or you can leave a comment
on this live stream of kind of going
back and forth um let's see
Mia 42 days Josh Lee and ex Ariana said
how's your arm feeling okay my arm is
not the greatest I I don't know I was
hoping I would come up here because I
got that like blood I got blood taken
out of me and then like injected into
the chairs my rotator cuff and they said
that
make it feel better but I'm definitely
in a lot of pain so it didn't work which
sucks um
my arm hurts but today I did something
so awful I was like trying to be a
goofball
for no reason like I was just being an
idiot like I wasn't there's no one
around but me do you guys ever like just
entertain yourself cuz I think that's
what I was trying to do it I don't know
I was tired
but I was leaving my trailer and the
trailer doors are really hard to close
like unless you like slam it shut it'll
just pop right back open and so I was by
myself and I went to like slam the door
shut like really hard and I was like
being really trying yeah I liked it as
super hard and this elbow like Ram super
hard into the pole that like the
handrail that like helps you get into
the trailer and I was in so much pain
like tears immediately came to my eyes
like crying it was super embarrassing
because I was like I got hurt because I
was like just being a weirdo by myself
like I wasn't able to impress anyone or
be funny for anyone except for me and
then I heard myself really bad and my
fingers here and all the way down got
wit numb and then started to go on
they're still tingling now and that was
like maybe five hours ago that happened
or more um but I was in so much pain and
so now this shoulder hurts and this
whole arm hurts and now there's our
loser um Rachael Borel at Rachel's
random two said what's your biggest fear
about the show I guess here's the thing
it's like I think it's gonna be really
good I think that the show is funny
I think the cast is amazing and I think
it's gonna be really good I'm like
really proud of it um I think I'm I'm
not scared it's like if people don't
like it I'll be a little bummed out but
people don't like the show obviously
I'll be sad but as long as I'm proud of
it and I think it's really good like
that's what's most important to me right
now
um I think honestly what I'm most scared
of is that won't get picked up for a
season two
sounds really weird like obviously I'm
super happy and feel really lucky that I
even got season one like the fact that
we're doing eight episodes on Netflix
already like I'm just feel like the
luckiest girl in the world
but if they don't get picked up for a
season two which we might not it's very
likely that we won't like it's you know
you just never know um I'd be sad
because I love this cast so much and the
thought of like not seeing them again
after the show airs like I mean I know
I'd see them in passing but not like
this like we're together every day we're
like a family and so that would make me
really sad I think that's what I'm the
most scared of honestly is like not
getting to do this again because I'm
already super sad that it's gonna have
to be over in like a little over a month
that's C Kendall Rosie 44 said your hair
looks great
lovin honey it is so girls are not thank
you he's so gross
it is my hair just I don't know I'm
starting to enjoy the link cuz it's like
a good four inches shorter than it used
to be but it's a straight line like
there's no layers it's really choppy so
like it's not like a cute hairstyle um
like I can't wait till the show's over
and I can like get it cut and like
styled cuz right now it's just like like
straight across really chunky and gross
and also I'm not allowed to wash it
while I'm on set so um I go like a week
without washing my hair so it can get
greasy because they want Miranda to look
and I want Miranda to look greasy and
dirty and like just unkept so um yeah my
hair is really gross right now but thank
you okay um let's see can you do a live
salmon labia with Cori no we're not in
our costumes so we cannot do that okay I
love your hair Thanks it's tough not in
the making are you trying to get a tough
are you trying to get a man bun
don't tell man by the bam-bam-bam
hey man but was it Josh for like a hot
second wanted a man bun and I was like
never like not a chance so he didn't do
that
no I get my haircut I don't know anymore
you can I wrestled away no he's not
where the work for me mustn't hit cast
it apart be like hey girl ready hair cut
Taylor fuller at Showtime tweets and
who's the funniest person on set I don't
know that's I can't answer that I don't
know everyone's funny like the whole
reason we cast these people is because
they're funny but Steve little who's
playing my uncle is like I don't think
I've ever done a scene with him and not
laughs like I ruin a lot of takes like
our director gets around
stop laughing clean but steel it was
really funny at Angela Kinsey's playing
my mom is really funny they're both like
like outrageously hysterical the stuff
they improv like makes me cry it's so
funny so those two are probably like the
strongest like they always make me laugh
Eric Stockland is playing
Miranda's neighbor and he's super funny
too but his his role isn't like as
comedic as the other two roles but he's
super he's amazing to like everyone in
the cast is really good especially
Miranda sings she's like really funny
the girls playing fires bomb okay um so
instead Hannah my friend I said is it
weird to have a script for the show
instead of improving like you would
normally do from write a video
well um no I mean it's weird that
there's like a lot of other people
involved like I could say that's a weird
thing for me that's the most foreign
thing is that there's like a million
cameras and a million lights and a huge
crew and a director telling me how to do
certain things whatever but we have
scripts that we wrote but we do the
script and then they let us improv and
play and that was like a big part of
casting the shows making sure that all
the actors like we're really good at
improv inge so we do get to improv a lot
on set which is awesome so a lot of
stuff you see will be scripted but a lot
of it will be improv - I don't know we
haven't edited the episodes yep
obviously um Chloe Robertson said
where's your wedding ring and the brown
ring you got with Josh of Hawaii the
brown ring that I got with Josh in
Hawaii is at home in LA my wedding ring
is in my bathroom in a special little
spot along with my diamond earrings that
Josh bought me because Miranda does not
wear a wedding ring or diamond earrings
and I am Miranda like 15 hours a day and
so I'm Miranda more than I am myself
and I am positive that if I took that
ring on and off every day I would lose
it and it is like if I lost that I would
be in pieces like I would be a mess so I
just I'm keeping it in a special spot
until we're done shooting and then I'll
slip it right back on and sometimes
right on the weekends too but like
taking it on and off with me like I lose
everything I lose my phone every day
lose my keys every day I lose everything
every single day so I know I would lose
it and I just don't know risk it Mikayla
said tell Korver his poses give me life
Sky Arts happened today when Harvey was
getting his mic on and like I was
relatively cute and so like I was like
yeah I was his back West's here towards
me this between does Mike Harvey and
also this guy ours said are any other
youtubers gonna be in the show um yes
they are but um I'm not going to give
you any information about the show yeah
cuz it's all gonna be surprised and
because I want you guys to watch it and
like not know what's gonna happen and
what's going on cuz I want you to like
be surprised when you watch the show for
the first time cuz I feel like you'll
enjoy it the most that way but um this
is like the origin story of Miranda
basically like you get to like see
Miranda's home life like you're meeting
her uncle and her mom and her best
friend and like you're mean these people
you've never met before so the story is
more about like that whole aspect of
Miranda and Miranda like working on
becoming famous so eventually you will
definitely meet like tons of the
youtubers and stuff because that's what
happened in Ryan's life but we're
following the story of Miranda so it
took a while before Miranda met a bunch
of youtubers but the answer is yes and
no like like there was a youtuber on set
today um that wasn't me
but like it's it's not in the way that
you would think like it's not like
Miranda and Episode one is like oh hey
Joey Graceffa nice um hey terribly it's
not like that like there's not gonna be
any it's not like that and I don't want
to give in way any information but like
yeah there there will be but no but yes
Chris's kids categories there no that's
not gonna happen
that's plane uh what's the best Canadian
food you have had that's from Colleen's
cookie 27 Trina be one two three uh all
the Canadian food is really good and I
definitely gained weight since I came up
here which will make Josh very happy
because I was getting really skinny
before I came up here I lost a lot of
weight from just stress and I was
working 24/7 so I wasn't eating as much
and when I was eating out so stressed
out but like diarrhea right away damn I
um but since I've been up here we have
craft services and they're like the food
is so freakin good and every restaurant
I've been to like all the food here is
like they take really good care of their
food all their animals are treated
really well and they're just they care
more about food here and the environment
than we do in America like in Canada
they just really like they recycle
everything and there's really particular
about it all the meat is like free-range
grass-fed and so everything is just way
delicious like I haven't had a single
bad meal since I've been here
everything I eat is good so I've been
gaining weight because of it which is a
good thing too because I needed to gain
to me one bad thing is that everyone's
small yeah everyone smokes up here it's
great yeah it's so crazy
Amaya Chris sir said are you excited for
VidCon this year I'm so excited I am so
excited for VidCon you guys okay so
normally like I go to VidCon for a long
time and like it's all great and I think
I get to be there for a day maybe two
this time around but I'm so excited
because I have felt so out of the
YouTube community the last few months
because I've been working on this
Netflix show so I have felt like kind of
out of the loop and so I'm excited to go
and like see all my friends on YouTube
and meet a bunch of you guys and just
feel like I'm a part of the YouTube
community because before I did this show
before I wrote my book before I did
anything else like
I've always been a youtuber and I always
will be a youtuber so it's important to
me that I stay a part of that community
and that like it stays a big part of my
life and so I'm like really looking
forward to VidCon so that I can go and
hang out with you guys and all that jazz
so yes I'm very excited for VidCon um
let's see
oh my gosh Simon said you're really
interesting Simon shut up what is that
he's making fun of me
mom said Cory already has a man bun get
it Aaliyah and Emily best friends 103
said are you excited to have a show New
Mexico
I'm really excited I've driven through
New Mexico but I've never had a show
there before so I'm really excited I
also have shows in Salt Lake City and in
Thousand Oaks California and in
Nashville that might be sold out but I
won't never and I've chosen London and
like Oliver England and Ireland the
first Ireland she already sold out so
they put another one on sale and then we
have shows in Germany which are that's
kind of blowing my mind a little bit cuz
how could anyone in Germany know who I
am
I'm nervous about those I'm like I feel
like no one's gonna go no um we play
calling to the show at the Kennedy
Center and the people that were there
came all the way through Egypt Egypt
they were Egyptians you guys um little
soprano X ice tea girl CX said would you
consider moving to Canada
I wouldn't only because I'm so obsessed
with my family that the thought of
living in another country as my family
like would like I think it would break
my heart a little too much because I'm
obsessed of my parents and my
and my cousins and like I like that
they're only a couple hours away from me
right now cuz I live in LA and they live
in Santa Barbara so I can just drive and
visit them whenever I want to
so that's the only reason I don't think
I'd want to move to Canada but I love
Vancouver like it is beautiful and
people are nice and the food is really
good and there's tons to do and you can
have city life or you can have like
nature and hikes and mountains and snow
and lakes like it's so pretty here so I
am a big fan um this light is like
making me look greasy tastic hold on a
sec okay I'll just be darker but girl
that was not cute
okay that isn't much better but anyway
um I mean I technically moved here I'm
living it right now but I don't know
that I would ever come out in a
permanently move here peak track Petra
Anderson 13 I'm following anyone if I
answer your question I'm following you
just you know so keep on twitter so ask
me questions on twitter and i'm
following people who answer your
question are you excited for haters back
off to be out I am excited I'm excited
and really nervous cuz I'm super proud
of it and it's my baby and I've been
working on it for forever and I think
it's really funny and um I'm just really
really proud of it I think it's really
cool and I feel really lucky that I have
been given this opportunity to do this
and it's like a once-in-a-lifetime thing
it's a dream come true so I'm really
excited for them to see it I'm nervous
though like cuz it's a weird show like
it's Miranda so it's super weird and um
it's like definitely not a kids show
like it's not gonna be like a
Nickelodeon type of show it's it's it's
a show hopefully that everyone will like
like people adults and kids and anyone
like anyone who watches my hope is that
anyone would turn it on and be like this
is really interesting this is cool um I
don't know it's really weird though like
we're making really strong artistic
choices with the show so I feel like
people are either gonna really
of it or they're gonna really hate it so
I'm nervous but I'm really excited to
I'm just looking for some questions
Oh Austin Martinez said whatever
happened to the movie thing he rode to
Miranda that is a documentary that JD is
directed and filmed for me and he has
okay there's gonna be a real pistol in
here at this information he finished it
a few weeks ago sent it to me and said
watch this let me know how you feel
about it and if you like it we can try
to get it somewhere so you guys can see
it because we don't know where it's
gonna end up if we're like gonna try to
if it's gonna be like an that's like
saying iTunes saying or YouTube thing we
don't know where that we're gonna put
this thing I just want you guys to see
it I don't care how you see it I just
want you to watch it um but he filmed a
documentary of me when I went on tour
last August but I've been so busy that I
haven't had an hour and a half to sit
down and watch the documentary and like
tell him if I like it and if I want it
to go out or not so it's done it's just
I haven't seen it yet so you're all
gonna probably mad at me about that but
um I'm excited you guys to see it it's
cute it's like it's a fun look into like
tour life in my life and um where I came
up with this idea to do touring and
Miranda and like all that fun stuff so
um it's a cool documentary it's very
rogue it's like all the other
documentaries that have come out with
youtubers like the production companies
and kamemon and like big budgets and all
stuff I didn't have that this was just
me and my friend and like I produced it
myself so it's not like this big
production it's very rough like it's
like he just had one camera and it's
just him and it's just me and that was
it so it's much more personal it's not
like um I don't know not that other
documentaries of youtubers
personal because they are too but anyway
so it's done we just I just need to
watch it and then we need to try to put
it on something so you guys can see it
so I don't know how that's gonna work
but Oh teenie said I'm adorable you're
adorable teenie I'm as teeny Simon you
guys should come visit me hello if
you're still watching um Daisy DPM Oh to
sit today's my birthday a happy birthday
that's a great day
ok Pamela King clever Rock said what's a
typical day on set love you love you too
a typical day on set that okay well we
wake up really early feeling like P
Diddy um we wake up early and like it
depends on the day like yesterday I woke
up at 5:30 or 6:00 AM and then we drive
to set and first thing I do is I put on
my costume and then I go straight to
hair and makeup they do my hair and
makeup for me and then usually I have
like to approve some things like whether
it be props or costumes or blocking or
whatever like all the executive
producers get together and we like have
to make decisions about whatever we're
doing that day and then we block a scene
so whatever scene we do first we block
it and you like figure out how we're
gonna shoot it and then then we do a
quick rehearsal and then we shoot the
scene we shoot it like straight on and
then we shoot like we do all the
different angles and it takes a while so
it's a long time to do that and all the
different angles and everything and we
just do that the whole day so we do
different scenes we shoot it from a
bunch of different angles and for me
it's a little different than for the
other actors cuz like I'll be acting on
set but on any break I go and sit in my
I sit with other producers and we watch
whatever's going on and we give notes
and we look at auditions I mean do you
know look at sets and look at whatever
we're shooting for a couple weeks from
now we have meetings with directors or
whatever and then I go back on set so in
between takes I'm going in like doing
producer these things and then
back on set knack then to produce
yourself every once in while I get a
little bit of a break and I getting out
the cast which is awesome because the
cast is like my favorite people in the
whole world but then yeah anyway so we
do that we're usually on set for 12
hours 13 hours 12 8 today was today was
I don't remember it's usually a long day
and then I come home and I cook
something and go to bed and then I do it
again and it's awesome ok next
Emily Kraus said did you decide on
getting that surgery after filming I
think I am gonna get a surgery after
filming I need to get an MRI first so
right when I get home from shooting this
I'm gonna go straight to get an MRI like
that week and they're gonna see the
tears and they're gonna look at it and
decide if they need to go in and get do
surgery which I think they do because
I'm sick of living in pain and I don't
want to be in pain anymore so I've tried
everything else and it seems like the
only thing left to do is to go in and
scrape out all the calcium and sew up
the tears so that I'm not in pain
anymore because I'm over it so um I've
been in pain for two years now and I'm
just kind of done so hopefully I can get
a surgery right after we're done
shooting but we'll see I can't believe I
just said hopefully I can get a surgery
who says that but that's how much pain
I'm in so I'm running for I'm gonna
check them all veggies um you guys are
asking so many questions about like
filming I feel like I'm boring talking
about this stuff but I keep asking
answering um teenie Connor lost boy said
what is your favorite design aspect of
the show cast hair makeup outfits the
set etc
my favorite design aspect probably the
set design like we have really good set
designers and um they're doing a really
good job like they built like I can't
tell you what any of the freaking sets
are but they they're doing a really good
job like we could send them a bunch of
reference photos they're doing a really
good job like making it certain things
look familiar for you guys and certain
things look new and funny and like there
are little things like in between takes
I mean the cast will look around
whatever room we're in and like point
things out that just make us laugh so
hard like even like what I love about
this shows I feel like while you're
watching it you can pause and like look
in the background it's something and be
like oh my god look at what is on the
Shelf back there like everything to me
is really funny and that's what I wanted
so I think the set design is probably my
favorite like creative aspect of the
show right
Hannah Murph and uh said any sassy dance
is coming up soon no because my arms
don't work and the last time we did a
sassy dance which was be alright by
ariana grande bang it got taken offline
and also I was like moving my arms
around a lot and I was really sore for
like a week after that so it was
probably pretty stupid and yunji de
Queen Audrey and Colleen at Dana
Peter hunks had promised Saturday for me
do you have any interesting prom stories
um actually in my Queens corner video
that I posted today on my main channel I
talked about my prom and I went with a
sophomore because no one asked me
I never was asked to a single dance ever
all through high school and the only
dance I went to was prom because I asked
a sophomore to go with me my prom was
fine I don't even really remember most
of it because it was kind of lame but I
do know that after prom we have this
thing called after prom did you have
that for you after prom so I can after
prompts over at like midnight everyone
goes like this recreational room and
there's like games and food and whatever
you say it's like 5:00 in the morning
it's like a way to get the school got
all the kids to stay out of trouble
after prom
I think they're trying be creative so
like kids didn't go drink or have sex or
whatever they're like let's make
everyone come here and like let them
have fun playing games or whatever so we
did that and like everyone like a bunch
of people got hypnotized which was like
really funny and crazy that's like kind
of the only thing I remember not because
I was drunk or anything I didn't do that
but I just because I promised Ling um
page-long Langdale so what do you
usually cook for dinner after filming
tonight we're cooking budgies and just
veggies because I don't want anything
else I just want my geez but usually we
do something like frozen because we
don't have time I'm gonna going to
answer like maybe one or two more
questions but then I'm gonna eat my
dinner and I'm gonna watch the pulse
drag race with Cory looks so greasy and
gross welcome to Miranda sings y'all not
back there my dad just said the singer
Sara Bareilles song I don't know why dad
what like what song Sara
Morales what if she saw I'll sing one
there's so many oh my god her name
musical waitresses so god brave maybe
what you wanna say fall out honestly
hard way
if I had my uke on me I'll just play and
sing it do we have my uke here is it so
oh it's in the car okay so I can't sing
for you right now I mean I could sing at
the thought of it okay let's answer a
question oh don't
dodo dodo someone just said do am be
joshing trash velvet colleen said have
you ever unfollowed a youtuber on social
media if so why look the gossip this is
a good one to end on because it is
gossip
I have unfollowed youtubers on social
media before never for anything personal
like I've never been like oh my god you
hurt my feelings
but I haven't followed like popular
youtubers because I disagreed with
something they did publicly and um like
if someone was disrespectful or rude um
publicly or did something horrible as
far as like I don't want to get into too
much of it because I don't want the
drama but like yes I have like a
specific example would be I'm gonna say
who but someone posted a while ago a
long time ago a picture of a woman and a
car I can't remember what it was but it
was like something really sexist like
making some comment about how like women
are like a trophy that you can get it
was like a super sexist post and it
offended me because I'm a feminist and I
don't think that women should be treated
like things or be compared to things you
can buy
and so I've unfollowed people for stuff
like that or like um if they if they
post a YouTube video that's extremely
offensive or doesn't help the world in
any way and it just brings like
negativity and I miss teaching get a
wiener always get a wiener oh my god but
happy
if I have an issue with like a friend of
mine who's a youtuber like I would just
talk to them I wouldn't be like hey man
follow me on Twitter if I have a problem
look like someone who's my friend that's
a youtuber I would discuss it with them
and I wouldn't like make drama just
unfollow them and the only people I
haven't followed are people that like
I'm not friends with I just like follow
them because they were on YouTube and I
like to support the YouTube community
but then once I found out they did
something disrespectful or something I
don't support and don't like then I
don't follow them so that's happened a
few times um yes
anyway we're gonna go eat some
vegetables and watch RuPaul's Drag Race
but thanks for hanging out for a little
bit I love you guys and make sure to
follow haters back off on Twitter to
stay updated on what's going on on set
and also follow Eric Stockland and
Angela Kinsey and Steve little on
Twitter and Instagram and everything
because they're part of the cast and
they're posting fun pictures like behind
the scenes too so if you guys want to
stay updated you can do that as well all
right I love you guys and I will talk to
you soon thanks hanging out
