whatever you celebrate good morning
everyone I'm pissed so yeah as you guys
know a haters back off isn't continuing
we only got to do this two seasons which
I'm extremely grateful for but we're not
doing any more and it was not my
decision Netflix called me and said
we're not continuing the show and as you
if you've been watching my vlogs every
day you saw that a few days ago customer
service at Netflix was telling my fans
that I was lying about it and that I
made it up to get attention online which
is insane and then not the official
Netflix account
responded and said we're looking into
this clean was a great partner with us
you know we you know we were very sorry
about this well someone just tweeted me
that today they had a conversation with
Netflix and they said they want to know
why they're not doing a third season and
Netflix said clean Ballinger the creator
of Miranda sings decided not to continue
telling the story however Netflix will
have the two seasons available for our
viewers of that show a lie a blatant lie
now I know that customer service is not
like the heads of Netflix so they're you
know maybe they don't have their
information straight obviously they
don't because they're just straight up
lying in my fans which is fine just say
I don't know like customer service
should say I don't know the information
on that I'm sorry
or let me try to find that out for you
and talk to someone and get back but to
straight-up lie about me is so
frustrating and I like I've said this in
another vlog but I loved working with
Netflix everyone I worked with
personally the executive producers the
heads of Netflix wonderful people to
work with I want to work with them again
I'd love to them I loved my time at
Netflix if I ever wrote another show I'd
wanted to it in Netflix but I don't
understand why this is happening and
it's really frustrating obviously I
would never cancel my own show why would
I do that why would I make up for views
that my show got cancelled like that is
insane to me so I don't know why they're
continuing to do this it's really
frustrating today we're gonna go to the
other side of the island and hang out
over there and
that'll be fun but anyway yeah that's
what I woke up to today and it's just
really frustrating a lot of you guys are
wanting answers so that's why you're
talking to customer service I'll make a
video explaining probably everything
later when it's easier for me to talk
about but right now it's still too
emotion no it's too hard and I've seen
people be like get over it and you can
think that you can have that opinion but
to me it was it was more than just like
a show like it was my entire life the
show was based on my life like the
scenes that you guys saw were based on
true things that happened to me so for
me to tell my life story and be
developing something for literally a
third of my life I spent working on the
show it's really hard for me to say
goodbye it's it's taking time and so
anyway I'm sad and I'm gonna go hang out
with my family now to try to feel better
we are at this beautiful beach Copco on
map oh sorry I'm so but I've been here
before I came here with Heather I think
and there was turtle of a beach lots of
us here with hot dog stand come BOTS
dogs
the guys from Santa Barbara who started
this hot dog truck place not fonts are
not Adam but they're really good
the best ones in all get your money back
my mouth watering just thinking about it
hot dogs on the hill he didn't get
pictures of them because my god
I know but how good was it like it was
really wasn't like a regular hot dog it
had like spices and then he cuts it in
half and then fries both of the sides of
the wiener so it you get and he said
that he said that he went to a bake he
went to a bunch of bakeries when he
moved here found the best Maui bread
like sweet bread and then he said can
you make a bun out of that and they make
him bun special just for this he found
the best bread he could to make them to
make his buns amazing guys if you're
ever in Maui come to Bob's dogs dog not
sponsored not add wish I was which I was
getting paid at all by YouTube anymore
so everybody stand next to me is gonna
lead to them vlogging now scared of the
Internet but huge going what a beautiful
thing
being a creature in the wild what a
beautiful thing
various species of animal it's called
the mother bear she's climbing the rocks
looking for a mate we watch long enough
we'll see her do her mating call there
she started she started owner she's done
oh she's doing the meeting their days
their days she's doing the mating call
can't do that again
there she is doing the mating call she
can't move from this spot until she has
a man there's a mate right over here
he has no idea that there's a sexy mama
bear behind him doing the mating pole
oh he just heard it here we have mama
bear Gwyn searching high and low
she found one in her purse review of the
tert on a scale of one to ten
turtle 11 purview of the turtlemom scalp
and a ton but scale one to ten twelve
thousand review of the turtles magical
experience what do you think of the
turtles oh cool thanks for the review I
don't know
wow the turtles were amazing and now at
the time I just notice whenever I turn
on the camera I touch my hair
Rachel done - - I caught myself doing it
because Rachel is or whatever it's a
social but they're doing a feeling that
I'm always liked it or touch it
I'm sorry and make fun of me thanks
since Eric keeps saying the Jurassic
Park theme song we thought we'd take him
to a place that looks like Jurassic Park
how are you doing on your song Eric got
more lyrics yes he was just singing more
lyrics and now all of a sudden he's
pretending like he doesn't remember that
not good - yet to make this lyric video
coming soon
we are gonna go into the Oceano hot out
here and I'm definitely a burn on my
chest which is misery so this will cool
off but I usually get up to like the
crevice area and then I am out we'll see
how long this lasts we went in the water
I'm not naked it really looks like I'm
naked I'm not what in the water it was
very nice I left at about five minutes
but I caught a wave Eric cut a few and
that's the update there's dirt Oh birdie
I also really want to get another
ukulele you guys know every ukulele
obsession you'll see what I end up with
that's kind of what I want to do now can
you hear this
- 1309 lat
Betty wanna film him
I can't monetize dude if you
boom the boys are in my room we're gonna
watch the sunset and I just took a
shower so I look like I have crispy
curls when I'm right here is wet and
curly it looks like I put in too much
gel and it's like like crispy crunchy
curls but it's not it's just what all
right not crispy crunchy curls do you
need we got a fruit plate oh yeah yeah
Oh giant I got Cory a little fruit plate
they're tasting the weird fruits cuz we
got these hairy fruits I tried the
message of my show
food tastes like a green apple only
mixed I want to taste one I've never had
star fruit before ah this is so wrong
oh there's a green apple green apple
mixed with like oh um feels like weeds
that you eat that your parents are is
like don't eat those if dogs pee on them
too flat with the yellow flowers with
the long stems mixed with grass with the
yellow flowers yeah we picked those in
some pose yeah but you're not supposed
to because dogs pee on them was it my
mom why I said she liked donut those
dogs pee on member and I was like these
are good you're it's our yeah what do
you think he√≠s got roots oh it's so
soft this is like a beet
I know look at this incredible ukulele
story I found what I really like but not
pretty this is made out of mango wood
and it has six strings I think I'm in
love with that it's so pretty
no I'm like really obsessed with this
one don't play it
guys I did it after much deliberation I
decided to purchase this bad boy what do
you guys think
Mitsy it pretty it's made out of mango
wood I don't know why my parents okay on
the sides have this cool design on it
and it's six strings with a load g
string it's made here on the islands
pretty so now we're gonna have a little
bite to eat and then go to bed oh look
I'm touching my hair see I told you I do
it every time I saw myself we just heard
some sliders and some sushi
and I still need to get this one through
an additional Jurassic Park before I go
to bed if you want me to make that lyric
video I can't do it unless you sing it
so just call me and I'll show you my vu
tattoo
good camera work brah
it was good
