what's up guys I'm gonna vlog a little
bit today I am exhausted from the
longest week of my life
and it was a great week and it was a lot
of fun and Cory is in his panties we're
going at a video for my main channel
right now we tie-dyed a bunch of stuff
last night so we're going to model it as
you can see from Cory's asana and behind
me okay I can't use that music or else's
audio on this vlog is gonna go away
every time I've used Ariana's song be
alright like our sassy dance which I was
so proud of the audio got deleted and
the video got deleted and blocked and
then last night I did a livestream on
this channel on the vlog Channel and it
got deleted like right away because we
played that song on the livestream it's
just really annoying so I can't play
that song for you guys or else it'll get
deleted um but we are going right now to
meet up with Jessica for her birthday
and I'm pretty excited about it and and
then tonight I need to cut my hair
because I noticed we were doing like
shots like we're taking pictures of me
in the cast and my hair straight in this
show like as Miranda my hair is always
straight and it's so long right now I've
been so anti cutting my hair like I
really like long hair and I want my hair
to be super long but it just shows how
much I love this show that I looked in
one picture I was like oh my hair's too
long I need to chop it off like it was
like not even a question I have been
like so anti like I have not got my hair
in years because in the old Miranda
videos my hair was like here and right
now my hair is like super long so I'm
gonna chop off my hair tonight but I'm
not going to a hairdresser I'm probably
going to have my brother do it and the
kids do it and just because it's Miranda
so I can look like crap so who cares hey
birthday girl
time to make a wind blowing on me
matching birthday girl time matching
Boop girl time
so we have successfully gone shopping to
a bunch of places and spent all the
money but this is like our last
opportunity to shop ok Bloggie
get your focus on do you feel like it
was a successful trip Jessica a great
success I still didn't find a rosier you
didn't they have good ones at the last
story I felt like it was definitely a
situation where I had to try it on and
we didn't know I tried them on so I
broke the rules you're fast but now
we're gonna go hiking and we're really
excited yeah parties are success we got
a lot of soft things smelly things
pretty things yeah we got makeup and
soap and fat bombs and underwear and
we're the most girls you could be on
this home emotionally I want to say girl
that USA girl the USA girl date Canada
oh yeah group ticket today
okay I found the most magical place in
the whole world not me actually Jessica
and Christopher found it and then they
showed it to me and I wish I had my good
camera so I could show you I'm just
using my phone but look at this
are you kidding it's so pretty I love
Vancouver so much this is like the best
place in the whole world it's so
beautiful are you kidding me
come on with this did you roll Oh what
did you roll I'm the mom
so Parker here keeps Tooting on everyone
don't you Parker booty to to Don hey on
all our new friends you toot on air and
you tune it on to mush and you toot it
on French XM he's just making the rounds
and welcoming people to the family with
his but ere let me tell you it smells
like it's passing through some too
and I think you need to go to the
bathroom sip it you have to poo no you
go it's just lucky yeah
hello everyone this is r.j. Ballinger
bake cake um this is I drank cake and
I'm gonna make a Bloggie ok it's getting
real Cory got me scissors and there I'm
gonna let children cut my hair and I'm a
little I'm excited I'm actually not that
nervous I think I'll be fine yeah
Parker's gonna cut Christopher's gonna
cut Jacob and Bailey are gonna cut
anyone else want to send them firmly
disapprove of this josh is one of the
producers on the show and he very
strongly he is the producer of the show
actually and he very firmly disagrees
with this and he's freaking out ok now
I'm gonna give it the Miranda part oh my
god you guys okay right did he just cut
a piece of my hair okay okay it's not
bad
we're good
Hey what care here okay I have no idea
what's going on
i watch you come is like what's going on
yeah okay how would you see cutting I
it's just it's just this nothing
actually this is just aren't getting the
chunk but it was just a big chunk oh
yeah to make Jesse James look like
you're going to cry a little scary give
you um that is great this is the middle
so you're going to cut right there that
tip that sticks out from all the other
pieces see that okay yeah that's fine
I just make sure we're on the same page
here mmm-hmm oh my god okay so kitchen
watches a comment okay what are we doing
what's the perfect sup so like that yes
okay go for it Josh looks like he's
gonna cry over them that's a lot of
it's just like you're in specimens to
make you feel better
wait wait you wanted oh my god that's so
short oh my god it's really sure not and
with only the French I think that's
enough it's done it's fine that feels
really short calling you had a
two-year-old cut your hair it could have
been worse okay what should i do right
now just leave it yes yes don't touch it
- right man all right this is the final
product it was damp
it was down here before and now it's up
to here it is way shorter than I thought
it was gonna be I love the length like I
feel like this is really cute I'm
nervous that the directors of the show
are gonna be like Queen why did you do a
good thing there's hair extensions but I
don't think I mean I'll be fine coz the
first Miranda videos I did have short
hair I'm nervous and I'm not gonna hate
me now because for you know love you you
did a great job she did exactly what I
asked her to do am I wrong
you didn't Sally did I asked her to cut
off like two inches which is what she
did but it's just more than I thought it
was and now that my hair shorter it's
healthier so it's like bouncing up so it
looks even shorter than it is I mean
it's definitely way shorter than I
anticipated it was going to be but that
was my fault because I was like two
inches easy I didn't realize how much
shorter it would look like I think it
looks like Miranda that was what it
looked like yeah this is what it was
this short one out for Soho couldn't
breathe but everybody was like I'm just
care and I'm just here to cut your hair
cool and you're crazy
and I was like why are they so scared I
know I would just want to die I think
this is fine alright anyway I'm gonna go
thanks for watching make sure to
subscribe to me subscribe to the
Ballinger and Jessica knows about EUI
she's exactly what I asked her to do it
is not shorter than what I asked for
it's just now that I'm seeing it cut I'm
like oh that is shorter than I imagined
in my brain parts that it's going to be
but I think the length is cute I'm gonna
get it trimmed up by the hair guy on set
so that it's like all even just right
now it's like alone but crooked even
which
the plan originally I knew I wasn't
going to use something even yeah I told
you that but I actually think it's cute
like the length is cute everybody tell
her how beautiful she looks and what a
great job that I did
