mmm my gosh Colleen's live streaming at
11:15 p.m. what's up guys um everyone's
mad I'm on Twitter
yeah that's allowed um yes I'm live
streaming and it is 11:15 in the moanin
but um I have been edit up and editing
I've been vlogging pretty much every day
since I've been here in Canada or I
guess no I've been in Canada one day
I've been vlogging every day for the
past like few days since getting ready
for to go to Canada and um today I
couldn't vlog I filmed a little bit
tonight when I got home to my apartment
but I didn't vlog all day and I don't
have time or energy to edit what I did
film um because I need to go to sleep
and wake up and go back to work husband
is calling me how about hey babe I just
started a livestream I just started okay
gently call you when I'm done okay okay
well I love you I'll call you in a
little bit okay okay well anyway I am I
am NOT gonna have time to edit what I
shot today and I have to wake up early
and go to back Twitter now so I'm not
gonna have time to edit in the morning
so I thought I'll just do a little
live-streaming and kind of talk about my
day at one do anything else before I go
to sleep cuz I'm able to sleep like you
know but everyone's angry at me right
now because it's so late so I apologize
to everyone who's mad at me for doing
this so late but you can watch us
tomorrow so
to the forums of people who are watching
right now one slap y'all hey tell me
where you're from in the comments I can
see your comments right now so tell me
in your comments tell me in the comments
where you're from
cuz I wanna see where you're from let's
see it's 7:15 Ireland kind of porn yeah
someone said Burbank
I love Burbank I used to live right next
Burbank Hawaii oh my gosh I'm so sorry
Sonny Sonny said you're in Hawaii and
I'm so Jose
Laura Stewart's and Australia are today
Leon said Edmonton Kristen maramon said
Vancouver what's up girl were next-door
neighbors so oh my god there's so many
people Vancouver oh my god people in
Vancouver what up Lauren is my name
today Vancouver Canada
Lauren menorah oh so much Rho Santa
Barbara my gosh best friends um that's
awesome
so basically I realized something really
sad either de Las Vegas Washington New
Zealand Seattle oh my god everyone is
from everywhere Mexico France guys what
are you doing on wake um I realized
something really sad today which is why
I'm taking off my nail polish I am we
are starting to shoot the Miranda sings
shall we here's my thought on Monday so
this week we're in production I realized
that I can't have colored fingernails
how sad is that
because Miranda I guess sometimes as
Miranda I paint my nails but um for the
show for like continuities sake it would
make sense if for the whole season
Miranda had the same color nails and
we're shooting like multiple different
episodes in a day so I can't have fun in
college not to love isn't that weird I'm
just I don't know maybe that doesn't
just not a very big deal but to me it
kind of is because I I paint my nails
like every day
practically so the thought of like not
having nail polish for two months is
really blowing my mind it reminds me of
when I worked at Disneyland because when
I worked at Disneyland you're they're
really strict rules when you work there
and one of the rules is you can't have
painted fingernails and so when I worked
at Disneyland for two years
I couldn't have painted nails and one
day I did have painted nails my pain in
my nails red because I was in high
school musical at Disneyland and I
thought might the school colors like the
Wildcat colors were red and white and so
I thought I can have red nails cuz it
matches my outfit it doesn't clash with
my outfit and it's like festive and I'm
a high school and high schoolers about
nail polish oh no I have so much trouble
they pulled me out of the parade that
day they're like you can't be in the
parade as long as your nail polish on so
to sit out during the parade while
someone else filled in for me while I
took off my nail polish so something you
should know
all right so it's 11:20 and I'm probably
gonna be here like 2 minutes I always
say that I'm always long here forever um
but what do you guys want to talk about
my first day of work up in Canada today
we didn't shoot anything today we just
did production and stuff today it was
hectic and I'm very tired and next day
I'm not starting
so um go on Twitter I'll go back and
forth between Twitter and the YouTube
comments so I'm sure you guys are gonna
want a hashtag um Sophie holy cow Josh
leans child said how was the set I got
to visit the set today of haters back
off it was really weird like it was good
weird but it was definitely weird like
to walk on the set and see like a whole
crew people building
Hey mantas house um it was really
bizarre like it's super weird I yeah
really weird
I feel like you kind of want to talk to
grace Helbig a little bit because she
kind of went through a similar thing is
what I'm going to right now and I want
to know like what it was like for her
and kind of pick her brain because she
got to do her own show on e called the
grace Helbig show if you guys haven't
seen it you should go buy out on iTunes
and watch it and support the YouTube
community grace but anyway um she had a
whole set built of like her house and um
I don't know I feel like she was a
little bit more mature than I am about
the whole process and like kept it to
herself and she's like professional and
I'm like in vlogs are dating like oh my
god I'm so nervous I'm so excited
they're building my house I'm like
talking about to my person but yeah I
kind of want to pick her brain and see
what it was like for her because she was
like the first youtuber to have like
that happen I think correct me if I'm
wrong but I think grace was the first
person have like a house built based on
her and her personality so um this is a
little different than that because it's
not like a talk show it's a scripted
comedy um but it's still weird to like
walk on set and have everyone ask me a
million questions and down to like the
knickknacks in the house or like is this
little tiny statue okay is this little
training figurine this is dog figurine
something that she might have in the
clutter in her house and I have to know
all the answers it's kind of crazy um
yeah it was really cool he's really
crazy um alana marie e09 said have you
seen the Ballinger family since you've
been in canada yes Christopher
my brother is Ballinger family on
Twitter and I see Chris ballinger so you
know Nene's Mellinger family he and I
are writing partners and coke producers
and so yes I see him every single day at
work and he was at work with me
you got to my apartment this morning at
8:00 a.m. and we went to work together
and we'll do the same thing again
tomorrow
so yes I see cursor every day and then
tonight I got to go to dinner with him
and his kids after work at like 9:00
Cayman swimming yeah it was great let's
see who's Josh can I visit you in Canada
I hope so that was from Patricia he is
my sunshine where's Josh Josh is in LA I
want to Josh to come but he couldn't
he's going on tour in a few days and so
he needed to stay home and get ready for
his tour just felt like fighting for him
um coming to my back if you're not
watching my vlogs which if your
subscriber this channel should reach me
but my computer is making a crazy sound
universe but just please get over it
this is gonna be over in like one second
okay so fast that was don't judge me
I'm human I clipped my fingernails it
happens and I'm done see how fast that
was stop judging me
okay here's my closet I put all my
clothes in you guys most of my clothes
look at my baby here soon so here we
have my shirts and my jackets and my
crop tops and tank tops and means this
is all I brought so two months those are
all the clothes that Sofia Commerce said
are you gonna see the baby's family and
I would love to however they live in
Toronto and I
Hoover's those opposite sides of Canada
so be a very long flight to visit them
um let's see is that the same laptop
that was used in the last lashing the
hissing wind yeah why I don't know why
this laptop sucks this laptop iPad for
forevers and it's never given me issues
but whenever I'll add shame it like
hisses can you hear that is that super
loud
tell me if that's super loud um anyway
I'm painting my nails this like plane
issue ID pink colour to try to get used
to the fact that it's not gonna have a
polish on it let's see what's the
hashtag I don't have ashtag on here
right now
well my computer's you so weird
can you guys hear that uh tracy lynn
said is there going to be a live
audience no there is not going to be a
live audience it's not that kind of show
story time okay what do you want to hear
a story about tell me what you want a
story about and i'll tell you how to
tell Stolley i'm so sad that it's like
hissing right now so just hold me close
Oh page nine
oh okay I am checking Twitter for
questions on what I should do a little
storytime about so tweet me coin D one
two three ah that's funny
Lydia Ballinger tres said please tell me
there will not be a laugh track there
will not be a laugh track it's not a
sitcom it's not like that I mean I guess
it's a sitcom because it's a half hour
comedy but it's not like that
trust me there will be no laugh track
there will be the opposite there will be
a lot of silence um Carolinas I love
your tank top where did you get it this
was my mom's actually I stole it from my
mom's closet tell a story of your worst
theater related experience those from
sugar pink bunny theater related
experience I don't know I'm sure I have
a million bad stories I can't think of
one off the top of my head oh this is
not the color I thought it was gonna be
this is a really bad color guys um
theater related story guys I haven't no
good month oh I feel like it told you oh
my good theater stories I was um I think
I've told to him all I could talk about
my first kiss in theater I told you
about um when my dress got stuck in my
underwear and I went on stage so I don't
know what other stories I could tell you
that are like embarrassing so I'm sorry
I suck at stores right now
- like should be Colleen's missing
laptop at inspired Colleen said your
first date my first date um I've been
with a lot of first dates I guess but
the only one that was like a real first
date date
um was with Josh because he's the only
better like really cared about going on
a first date with um and my first date
with Josh was it was weird because it
was like he met me at the airport we've
been talking for five weeks on Facebook
and on skype and and on the phone and
everything and then he met me at the
airport at 6:00 in the morning in New
York City and we went I guess it was a
date to breakfast to a diner and we were
I was so nervous that we didn't eat and
then that night we went to sushi - this
like a really gross sushi place that he
thought was really amazing but it wasn't
it was long dusty um and I don't think
we really ate there either like you
barely ate anything but than that I
think like our first like date date we
went to a fancy restaurant we used to go
to this place called Delft riscos all
the time in New York and get steak and
it was like really expensive and really
fancy you know it was like a huge deal
that we always went there I didn't go on
any dates in high school I never went on
a single one no one asked me out so it
was really cool high school had a lot of
boyfriends and by 11/0
I don't know I feel like dating isn't
something that like happens that often
anymore correct me if I'm wrong maybe
it's different all around the world but
I feel like for me and where I grew up I
grew up in California it wasn't like us
sing like dating
wasn't something that really happened it
was like you hang out with a guy and
then you guys would like be friends and
then you would be boyfriend and
girlfriend because you started kissing
but like it's very rare that a boy would
like ask a girl on a date and they'd go
out to dinner into a movie like I feel
like that doesn't happen very often but
maybe I'm totally wrong
at least growing up for me it never
happens so maybe I just think it is
never but my friends even doing that
like people went on dates it was just
kind of like people be friends and then
they kiss and I'm like oh we're dating
and then but they would never date they
just would like said they're both my
girlfriend what's your favorite color to
paint your nails I was from Carly loose
Carolina my favorite color to paint my
nails it depends on my mood but I
usually like either a pastel color or a
really dark color but I don't usually go
for like plain I don't know if that
answered your question but like all I
like lavenders or light blues or like
light whites if I'm in a happy mood or
if I'm like in a intense move it I'll do
like dark purple or black or gray so it
always just depends on the mood um
Chalisa colleen love x said at my school
it's literally just like you hook up
with a guy and then you're dating yeah
that's like I feel like that's how it is
solsa whole Joshua said how's the
casting so far the casting is great for
our show break it now we have them steve
little as Miranda's uncle and he is
hilarious and perfect for the role
um I was really nervous about casting
around his uncle and then he walked in
the room and we got to like improv
together and he was so good I was like
oh that's him it was really kind of like
an easy decision once I saw him before
he came in I was like I have no idea
what I'm gonna do cuz we saw a lot of
people and none of them really felt like
mirnas uncle to me but then when he came
in I was like oh that's him
and then Angela Kinsey was the same way
Angela Kinsey from the office that's
where most people know her from she is
so funny it is like kind of painful how
funny she is she's so good in this part
as Miranda's mom so she's incredible and
then we have some other cast members too
who are really really great everyone we
could cast so far is awesome and I'm
really excited if you guys to see it I
think you're gonna like a lot hope you
like it see you never know you guys
might hate it and that will be really
quiet but you did YouTube moments Josh
lien one two three said how would your
day-to-day I hope it was full of
happiness and cheerful smiles stay
positive my day was great it was very
busy very stressful but really fun I got
to be at the production office all day
today in Vancouver and we talked about
the show we had meetings we walked
around the set um it was fun we yeah it
was good we did a little bit of
rewriting after everyone left office the
writers stayed late and we all just
rewrote not rewrote just um edited a
couple of scripts he worked on him till
they were perfect
and tomorrow was gonna be a busy day -
I'm excited
it'd be a blast
but it was a good day I'm glad the first
day is over cuz I was really stressed
about it I didn't know what to expect
today and it went well and look how bad
I'm painting my nails guys
I always get my nails so crappy
and then I peel off all the paint that
got all over my skin and that everyone's
like oh my god did you get a manicure
I'm like no I just paint my whole entire
finger and then the stuff on the skin
like peels off after a couple days and
then it looks like give a perfect
manicure but really you just have
painted fingers for a couple of days um
it's been cool okay can't believe you
guys are awake right now um Katie Josh
Layne lover said you talk about finding
true friends cuz nowadays it's a
struggle right um it's I don't know how
to answer that you just have to figure
it out I feel like you can tell right
when you meet someone if you're gonna
vibe with them and if you can be true
friends but I don't know how to answer
that you just gotta like don't be bummed
out when people when people show you
their true colors you just feel like oh
that's not someone I want to have in my
life that's alright
can then use move on like I have a
handful of friends and um yeah I have a
hard - I guess I do have a hard time
making new friends like that's something
that's hard for me cuz I might already
have my core group of friends that I
trust and they know everything about me
so to make new friends would be really
hard I think I have a hard time trusting
people I don't know I'm not good
answering that question sorry you asked
me a deep thing and I was like I don't
know how to do deep Carissa Ellis it has
the view from your apartment we only saw
in the dark it's really pretty it's
really cool I'll show you in the daytime
hopefully soon but I'm never here during
the daytime zone Shawna
Lizzie Keene said how is your show
doing um I'm a little disappointed
because I got this surgery in a surgery
I got this injection six weeks ago and
I've told you about it up a julienne
times but basically they took my blood
and they drew a bunch of blood and then
they spun it really fast and did stuff
to it I don't know what they did to it
exactly but they made it into magical
blood and then they injected it into the
tears in my shoulder so I have tears in
my rotator cuff and they took this big
ol thick awful needle and injected my
own blood into my muscles and um it hurt
really bad it was one of the worst
experiences of my life and then they
said in six weeks you should be feeling
completely better and it's been six
weeks and the pain is back and it's
really strong and it really hurts so
that did not work
which means um the only thing left I
have to try to fix my shoulder is
acupuncture which I'm gonna try
hopefully there's a good acupuncturist
up here in Vancouver I've never done it
before but I'll try and if that doesn't
work I have to get a surgery when this
show is done being shot
so when production's over I might go
under the knife no cut open my arm and
go inside my muscle and sold all the
little tears and hopefully I'll be good
as new I don't know but it's not doing
well and after a year and a half of
being in pain 24/7 and it never goes
away I'm pretty over it I'm pretty like
yeah I'm ready like I would let them cut
off my arm at this point I'm like just
do it cut it off like it is oh so Laura
said my mom gets acupuncture and it
worked for her and see a lot of people
say that
um it works
babban II said are you excited to be
roommates with Cory while you're in
Canada yes Cory is my BFF and Corrine I
get along really really well well
basically the same person
um so great like we're super excited to
live together and we're already having a
good time it's we all we've been doing
is working so far but he has the
smallest room on planet earth and he
loves it because he likes really small
confined spaces that is one thing that
we're really different about he likes
confined in small spaces and I like
really open big spaces so he was like
super stoked when he saw his room
because it's like the smallest queef
that ever queefed out of the game it's
so tiny um so he was really really
excited but yeah we're I think we're
gonna be really good roommates he's he's
been staying with me at my house in LA
for a while so I'm already used to
living with him and plus I've known him
and I've lived with him in the past
before so it's not like it's a new thing
we've lived together a lot before so I'm
excited it's cool I'm glad I'm not alone
if I were living alone I would be crying
every night
I can't live alone that is I grew up in
a small house with lots of people and
I've always had roommates I've I've
never lived alone my whole life
the only time I've sort of lived alone
was when Josh I lived together in New
York
um I we shared an apartment but then he
got a cruise-ship job and he left for
the nine months and I had to be alone in
our apartment sort of like yeah even
then I had like friends living with me
but there was a couple months I was
alone and I was crying every day like I
hate being along I hate it I'm not a fan
I'm not fun Nandy said I got VIP tickets
for your Hamburg show and I'm from Spain
that is so cool I've always wanted to go
to Spain so jealous you're from there
mm where's coy boys in bed I think Lewis
said can't wait to see you in Bristol in
August I can't wait to see you for those
of you watching who don't know I'm going
on tour in August first time a couple
shows in America so I've liked Salt Lake
City and like New Mexico or I can
remember I've gone a few different
places in the States Thousand Oaks and
then which is really random and then I'm
going overseas and I'm going all over
England and I'm going to Dublin Ireland
and I'm going to buncha cities in
Germany and I've never done shows in
Germany before and I am so excited I
could explode like I am so excited so
Corey's coming with me and um I think I
might take my mom to UM but I'm like
freaking out excited I'm so excited I've
been to Germany once before and I loved
it like Germany is so cool
Mia said what's the weirdest thing
you've had to adapt to now that you're
in Canada well I believe in hearing day
so however I do adapt to anything but um
the area that I live in Canada is not
very populated so everything closes
really early and I live in LA and the
only other places I've lived are New
York and Santa Barbara and everywhere
I've always lived has everything stays
are open late so if like it's midnight
and I want food like I could get
whatever I wanted if if it's 11:00 at
night and I went like an ice pack for my
shoulder I can go to CVS or Walgreens
and get it in Canada or at least where I
am in Canada um
there's nothing open so like right now
it's 11:45 if I'm hungry
like I have to eat what's at the house
like there's no option of ordering food
they don't have post mates over um so I
have to live like a normal person but
I'm like I'm used to being a city girl
like I'm used to like being able to get
whatever food I wanted
time and whatever I needed anytime so
that's a little weird um and also the
miles are miles you're like when you're
driving it's like in five kilometers
turn right I'm like what's a kilometer
like I don't know the system yet so I'm
a Slyke miles and yards and yeah I don't
know I don't know any of the terminology
so that's a little weird
uh what else is weird here for me I
don't know but I will say I look really
close to in Nando's and I'm so excited
and anyone who has Nando's in your
country or in your city like I'm so
jealous of you because the first time I
did Nando's I was in London and I went
with burn and Lucy two girls that were
like my two like first fans that I ever
had I will never freak the day that I
saw burns Twitter account it said I love
Balan Jers and I was like buzz scuse me
whose Twitter account is I love
Ballinger I thought it was like someone
in my family was like who is this like I
had no idea what was and then I realized
that it was like a fan and I was like
what someone has a fan account named I
love boundaries that that can't be right
and um it was this girl named fern and
and then slowly like they're all these
fan accounts started getting made and I
got really close to all the fans that
like we're becoming fans um
and friend Lucy or two of the first ones
anyway when I went to London a few years
ago they took me to Nando's fern and
Lucy I hung out with them and they took
me to Nando's and I was like obsessed
and so then every time I've gone to
Australia or London or anywhere that has
named Jose like freak out my wanted for
every meal we don't have it in
California I think there's a few cities
that have it in the US but not really
like no one has a and they have it here
and I'm like I'm having a moment because
it's amazing it's so good oh my god it's
so good
um okay yeah Laura said what the heck's
Amaya I use kilometers
Rachel wasty said hi clean is your tour
suitable for my nine-year-old stepson
levy good luck filming here speck off it
depends on what you consider suitable
everyone is different I think that my
show is suitable for a nine year old or
10 year old however there are some
mature jokes in my show but typically
those go over the heads of like the
younger ones the goal of my show is to
make it so that everyone can enjoy it so
kids can watch it and adults can watch
it and there's something for everyone to
laugh at I will say that I do read hate
mail in my show and some of the hate
mail has like bad words on the screen so
you can read bad words but I don't say
the bad words oh wait hmm did you sing a
song called reading mean comments
there's a couple bad words and app but I
bleep it out like it's bleeped out in
the track so there are bad words on the
screen sometimes but other than that
that's the worst that happens like
there's not there's nothing bad um
there's a couple like sort of
inappropriate jokes but like he would
never know that it was an inappropriate
joke hope that answers your question did
you get a new phone case that's from
page Langdale and yes I did
this is my potent case right now my
niece Bailey painted this Hannah Hart
came over my house the other night and
she is the cutest human being on planet
Earth can I just tell you that I am in
love with Hannah Hart because she came
over and brought crafts for all the kids
so she brought foam cases and paint and
paintbrushes for my niece and nephews to
play with
she brought apple cider for the kids
it's probably and for the adults she
brought puzzles for the adults like a
housewarming present for me she's the
sweetest person in the world anyway she
brought um phone cases and paint for the
kids and Bailey painted this and asked
me to put it on my phone and so I did
it's flowerpot on a red table and I
think this is the Sun with black streaks
I don't know I love it and I saw her
tonight and she was really thrilled that
I still have it on my phone because it's
not my phone for like a week
okay guys I need to go at midnight
because I have to wake up but seven
hours but McCall said you're Salt Lake
City show is sold out that there's no
way that's possible
hold on I just put it on sale again like
seconds ago but it's only been on sounds
like two days hold on I'm gonna look
into this
oh it's not sold as the wrong ticket
link Salt Lake City racing oh my gosh
you guys this is atrocious capitals
theaters don't like see it's not sold
out hold on I'm gonna tweet the link for
you girl oh it is very much not sold out
it's just the wrong food Oh fna I've got
to email this to my web site ma'am okay
hold on
the Internet's going a rolling Sloan
before I forget me I mean ah okay this
is the longest web site in all of the
universe you never you guys ever get me
like copy and paste a website and it's
like 17 miles long that just happened to
me really interesting story plane tell
us again yeah I'm hopefully in a tree
doesn't so you can give me what are you
thinking oh this is Salt Lake City I'm
coming for you I'm tweeting the links at
Salt Lake City there you go now it's
every not sold out girl you can take a
sweet
I'm excited you guys here Josh's new
song married Bella Beck said your London
show is no it's not you guys none of my
shows are sold out they just went on
sale then I look shows in London by
Taylor Bristol and just yes they are
available cookie coos I'm looking at
them I can buy tickets to my own show
right now yeah I've got Cody coots
earrings throw it out nice and calm we
want tickets to a show I will say this
the shows in on the UK tour I talked to
my agent here today and I was like if
this shows sell out can I add more it's
like hold your horses you need to take a
rest and that was like no I'd rather do
shows and take a rest
so the shows if they sell out overseas
we will we will add more so don't worry
if they actually do sell out and you
don't get a ticket
we might add more shows maybe he says
maybe I'm trying to get him to agaln Wow
Lyceus all right I got five more minutes
okay listen Jenny from the block Jenny
908 to break whatever Salt Lake City
shows still not working I just tweeted
the link
the one on the website is wrong and is
not working but the one on my Twitter is
working so just use that one another one
on my website isn't working but I don't
know how fix that I have to have my
website guy do it okay Becky just said
London is without for real no it's not I
literally just went and almost bought
tickets for my own show like if I can
buy taste my own show then you can buy
tickets to my shop
I don't understand what you are talking
about it's not sold out okay okay I've
got a good I've got a good thank you
stuck about Makayla pointless Marky said
when we went to Scotland on your tour
I'm so mad about this the whole reason
I'm doing this tour is because I asked
to go to Scotland like I call my agent
and I was like I have to go to Scotland
is my favorite place like embro Scotland
is my favorite place and I was like I
have to go this year like I can't go
another year without going to Scotland
he's like great and he started booking
me shows like all over there
like London and Germany whatever and he
was trying to book me in Scotland and to
book me there during the Fringe Festival
which is like the big artisanal is crazy
expensive like it would have cost me so
much money to get there and to get a
show and all stuff like I would have
lost what I need to go I guess he was
trying to me so he was like you will go
to Scotland it's just not gonna be
during the Fringe Festival so it's not
gonna be this August so that's why I'm
going on tour in August because in
August is when the Fringe Festival is is
in Scotland and that's originally where
I wanted to go I was like I want to go
to Scotland and he was like yes we're
gonna do it and then after a while he
was like it doesn't make any sense for
you to go like there's it's so expensive
so we're just gonna have to wait til the
fringe festivals over and then you can
go so I'm gonna go soon but not this
August but maybe I'll still go anyway
maybe I'll still just go to visit and do
me in great or something cuz Scotland is
my favorite place I'm really sad I'm not
going
okay I'm gonna answer one more question
and then I gots to get paid let's see
I'm looking for a little question to
answer for the final mine don't drop
that thun thun I'm not that dumb Benham
you guys are so sweet a lot of your
questions are really sweet
cleetus creep said was there really
celebrities on the plane yes
Sarah McLaughlin and that guy from the
movie about sex I don't know if it's
called
okay everyone's asking this answer it
burping Colleen said this is the final
question one answer what was your first
impression of thank you California Thank
You California is a song that Josh wrote
for me and it was I he let me listen to
a version of it like a week before song
came out um and it's beautiful I think
it's really really pretty and um and
then he released the video to it when I
was at work so I didn't even know that
it did come out like I was at work
writing the show and then all of a
sudden I was getting like an onslaught
of tweets like oh my god I love it I was
like what deck
so I didn't see it until like a few
hours after he put it out I literally I
didn't get
okay I don't get breaks that work really
we like we worked through lunch we work
through dinner and the week that he
posted it it was like crazy a crazy day
like the day he posted it so we'd have
it even like a five-minute break that
day so I went to the bathroom and lost
it on the toei way because I couldn't do
it in the office because we were working
and so I was like I had to go pee and
then I just went in the bathroom watch
it it was really sweet I really loved it
so I liked that he used my family in it
because my family obviously like means
the world to me
yeah it was really sweet so if you guys
haven't seen you should go check it out
um so song Josh root called pinky
California and the cliffs that he goes
to and he goes like some cliffs and on a
creek in it and that's like where I grew
up going like as a kid we'd walk to that
cliff like all the time was little kids
and so it was cool that he put elements
of my childhood in there and my
childhood home and my family all set for
this week um anyway that's all the
questions I'm gonna answer I love you
guys thanks for hanging out with me for
a little bit I have to a bed wake up
early and do it again tomorrow and I'll
try to vlog a little bit tomorrow we'll
see if I do it's gonna be a crazy day
but I love you guys I feel yeah
