well good morning everybody so I am
looking very tired because I am very
tired I fell asleep at 5:30 a.m. because
I was so stressed and so nervous and
couldn't stop thinking about the show
so um now it is 11 a.m. and I am editing
and I leave in a few hours for the
airport and then I'm gonna be in Canada
and I'm nervous and I'm freaking out I'm
gonna try to vlog today I'm gonna try to
vlog as much as I can guys I mean
whenever I think about it I'm gonna pull
the camera so they might not be cohesive
flogs like it might be like I vlog a
little bit on Monday and then you have a
clip from Thursday and a clip from
Saturday but at least it's something
because I I always say this I've been
saying this for years but I really do
want to post more vlogs and I really do
want to UM let you guys into my life a
little bit more and see like behind the
scenes of all the stuff that I do
because I think it's fun and I think you
guys would like it and whenever I do
vlogs you guys watch so I'm gonna try as
much as I can to vlog us right now I am
editing a video of me baking a tie-dye
cake that's probably going to go up in
like a month
but I'm just trying to get as many
videos ready as possible because once I
move I don't know what the schedules
going to be like up there but I'm
assuming I'm going to be on set at like
6:00 in the morning until late at night
and then after that I go back to the
rewriting I go to the writing room and
rewrite scripts that aren't working or
need tweaks and then um answer questions
about production so I don't know when L
someone I'm time to do this I'll have to
do it now breaking out wiki
so look who came and said to say goodbye
to me Heather's here Rebecca and Rachel
I think is that Rebecca come back Canada
it's happening really doing it today
she's been doing this for the last hour
alright so I'm gonna say goodbye them
and keep packing and then good Airport
alright so um yesterday I did a video
with these little Orbeez things for our
Miranda video and I left them in water
overnight and now they're all
water and it's so cool and so fun and oh
my gosh look at this how fun is this
they look so cool I can't really explain
it but like how they feel and how they
look is so awesome
they look like they're full of like
light or something it makes me want to
buy like a whole bunch of them and make
a video in a bathtub with them because
they're awesome right I'm gonna go hang
out with Josh for a little bit and then
I'm gonna go to Canada let's get this
thing down
we made it to Canada and so far what
I've realized that no one's in Canada
this Airport is completely empty and in
our terminal to get here was empty as
well but there was a celebrity on our
why do celebrities ones walking in front
of us so I have to whisper show them I'm
gonna give you a hint
and then I'll give you another pen my
tastes are very singular all right we
finally got your immigration and let all
these lovely people came to welcome you
here cuz I was nervous and they're so
sweet
yeah so did it ever okay I'm in my
apartment
this is so weird guys it's so weird it's
so weird cuz I'm not at a hotel like if
I was at hotel I'd be like okay I'm just
chillin at Hotel um
and doing a show but the fact that I'm
at sorry it's not focusing come on Queen
over there you um the fact that I'm in
an apartment is just really weird I
don't know I haven't lived in an
apartment in a few years and I guess
it's been a couple years it's just weird
it's it's cute it's tiny it's homey I'll
show you this is my room it's small this
is my little men and I just opened up my
suitcase I'm gonna start unpacking stuff
because that makes me always feel a
little bit better this TV it is
definitely different from what I'm used
to at home but this is the room it's
literally like just a bed um and then
here's my bathroom these little tour so
I've got a nice little shower over there
and a bathtub which is great because
I've been obsessed with bathtubs lately
okay so this is the entryway and I have
to show you the weirdest thing ever
so here's into it and thinking about
making this to Miranda wall so I have a
place to shoot long here okay there's
this weird creepy like bunk bed look
just randomly like you walk in the house
so like this is what you see you walk in
the apartment and then random bunk bed
so that is super bizarre and random but
alright whatever floats your boat then
um here's the other bathroom and the
course room is the smallest room in the
world it is it's literally just like
this little closet and that's his bed um
and I feel really bad because his rooms
so small but this is what we get you
know there's not much I can do about it
and he was so happy
was like I'm so excited he's because he
loves small spaces he loves being
confined in small spaces and then here
we have the kitchen which is cute and
then over here is like the dining area
and a little living room we have a
little fireplace which is cute
LTV it's nice it's definitely really
nice it's like all new and renovated and
we have these big windows which I really
like it makes it feel a little bit
bigger
um but yeah it's just weird it's just
weird thinking like oh this is where I'm
gonna live for a couple months it's
really bizarre yeah so anyway so the
cuties there as much as you guys saw at
the airport who meet whom at me and they
brought me this welcome back balloon and
some Timbits
and a rose and a bunch of little notes
to encourage me when I feel stressed or
nervous and then I have the Gert and
this all these little candies and thank
you to the girls who came and gave me
hugs and said hi and so weird being here
yeah I love you guys and I think I'm
gonna close out this vlog I have a very
long day tomorrow they're picking me up
at 8 a.m. and I have meetings with the
costumer and the set designers and I'm
gonna do a walk-through of Miranda's
house I'm gonna see what they built
which is crazy that I'm gonna see the
house that I don't know it's just so
weird they're like recreating rooms that
um have been in some Miranda videos and
I don't even know if I'm on to tell you
that um yeah it's just crazy I'm so
excited I'm so excited to see it all
come together and just experience this
whole process I'm still nervous but I'm
excited to like get it started so we'll
see I think once tomorrow is over I'll
feel a little bit better tomorrow is
going to be like hectic and production
and I don't know what to expect and I
don't know who's gonna have what
questions for me and if everything's
gonna be horrible or for everything to
be great I have no idea and have a full
day and then tomorrow night I think I'm
writing with the writers and um and then
do it again on Tuesday
and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday
and then Monday we shoot the show just
so crazy I can't believe this is here I
can't believe this is happening so crazy
you guys
alright I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow maybe more the next day I don't
know what I'm blogging again but
everybody
