what's up guys so uh I leave for Canada
tomorrow and I am freaking out ah my
husband's calling me from downstairs
hello I just want to know what you want
to do do you wanna hang out with me okay
when hang out okay that'd be right so I
am trying frantically to export footage
for Miranda videos and for videos of me
and stuff for the next week this is
about to get crazy I moved to Canada
tomorrow and I haven't started packing
and then we go into a lot of
pre-production stuff this week you have
table reads and I have to check the sets
and make sure everything's right and
costumes and everything and then the
following week we start shooting haters
back off and I am just freaking out
there's a lot to do there's a lot to
think about there's a lot of elements
that are going into this not to mention
like my youtube channels - I'm trying to
keep those afloat while I go up there
because that's the most important thing
to me yeah everything's just crazy and
so I thought maybe I could flog a little
bit on this craziness that I'm trying to
handle my brains gonna explode
okay go it is like almost midnight and I
am NOT ready to move to another country
but instead of distracting myself by
filming video so just film a few videos
and I'm just trying to think if there's
anything else I want to film in front of
this wall before I move because we're
gonna make a new wall but I am about to
film the chapstick challenge with Josh
we filmed one when we were just dating I
think we might have been engaged but we
found some new fun flavors so we're
going to play with and so we're going to
try those together I'm really excited
we just had dinner together at a skew
little restaurant near our house mmm and
I can still taste the sea bass that I
had for dinner yeah we had dinner
together and I've it's been a kind of a
hectic day there's been a lot of drama
going on with my show we're still trying
to cast the show whoa I'm just now
realizing look at the color of my face
compared to my chest
we are having issues casting my show
we've already got a killer cast with
Angela Kinsey as Miranda's mom Steve
little as Miranda's uncle and they are
hilarious I mean we searched for so long
trying to find the right people to play
Miranda's uncle I mean as a huge part
and we saw a lot of funny people but
Steve little was just the right amount
of like creepy and hilarious and he's
just perfect he's like charming and
endearing and just so good and Angela
Kinsey it's gonna just I mean she's
gonna blow your mind she's so funny and
this is so different from her roles
Angela on the office and it's amazing
and I'm really distracted by how yellow
my face is so I need to fix that right
now normally I like take my time doing
my makeup but I did it so fast tonight
but I didn't do a very good job anyway
we're having trouble casting a couple of
other parts because there's a few
different like lead roles in the show
and obviously it's like Miranda and her
mom and her uncle are like the leads but
there's a couple other parts that are
pretty big and I just want them to be
perfect with Uncle Jim and ran his
mama's so obvious who's like oh they're
perfect hello we can't cast anybody else
but these people they're incredible
but these other roles are like they're
hard to cast is a lot of options and I
don't know those characters as well like
obviously Miranda's mom and Miranda's
uncle have been living in my head for
years for eight years I've known these
people so to cast them was kind of
easier than I thought it was going to be
so once I saw them in person I was like
oh that's who's been living in my head
for eight years that's easy to cast him
but these other parts that are new to me
are harder to cast and so we've been
done with that all day today and I've
been talking to the directors and the
producers and dealing with last-minute
things before I moved to Canada so it's
been a crazy day so I haven't vlogged
very much but I'm about to go film chops
of challenge of Josh and then pack and
then tomorrow morning packs more and
edits more and then get on plane and go
to Canada and my life is going to change
and it's freaking me out so Mike a
little bit emotional miss log but whole
thing on girls and sorry I keep looking
at myself in the viewfinder I'm trying
to figure out if my match if I match and
I don't and that's fine you're gonna
have to live with that yeah
it is 12:30 in the a.m and my hair is a
frizzy queef um and I don't want to go
to bed because that means that when I
wake up I have to fly to another country
and I want to I don't want to I want to
go but I'm really sad to leave my house
and I'm really sad to leave my husband
and everything so while I'm very excited
to go I'm also really stressed and
nervous and scared and so I'm just
prolonging the process so right now I am
making cupcakes and we're gonna do it
the Ballinger way which is very specific
it is cupcakes in a cone
this is not something my family made up
everyone does this I think but for some
reason my family has been doing this
since I was born and so we grew up on
these and this is like the only kind
that I like is just my jam really easy
just pick out your favorite cake mix
whatever that may be and I'm a chocolate
freak so I like chocolate you can make
from scratch but I actually was raised
on boxed cake so even though most people
like put their noses up at box cake I
think it's incredible you pour it into
an ice cream cone and you shake it and
then it looks like a little ice cream
cone it's super cute you take the ice
cream ball and you just like that full
it's like 3/4 maybe half
so it is just turnout my hobbies it is
2:00 in the morning and I am freaking
out really stressed I tired I can't
believe I'm moving tomorrow and I don't
feel ready at all I feel just freaked
out
your worst angle ever there's so much
like this going into this and I'm just
freaking out so I'm just awake stressing
and thinking and so crazy like I'm
changing my whole life for this show and
is a big risk because there's a big
chance a lot people aren't gonna like it
I think it's great and I think it's
funny and I think it's good and I think
I think it's awesome I'm really proud of
it you know this week at work you're
going to the work in to work early in
the morning and then staying until 10:00
or 11:00 at night not even leaving the
office we work through lunch and through
dinner so we don't even get breaks like
in today's Saturday and even today I was
on the phone having phone meetings all
day and I just I don't know it's just
consuming so much of my life and I just
don't know oh it's worth it I think the
hardest part and the the best the best
part about this process is also the
hardest part of this process for me the
best part of this process is that people
are looking to me for answers because
I'm the only one who has Miranda's world
in my brain so everything down to a
Knick Knack on the shelf in the living
room of Miranda's house like has to go
through me
like I have to decide if it would go and
we're in his house or not I wouldn't
have it any other way because I want the
show to be my show and I want it to be
how I want it to be but at the same time
it's really stressful because I have 50
people pulling me in 50 different
directions and everyone needs an answer
right now and
there's only so much I can do before I
start to fall apart and we haven't even
started filming yet and I already feel
like I'm flying apart I hope you guys
like it this is crazy it's created I've
never done anything like this before
I've never done TV before I've never
produced a show before I've never
written a show before and then now
people are like here you're producing
writing and starring in a television
show on Netflix and I just I don't know
I'm just so I want it to be worth it I
want it I want you guys to like it and I
want it to be successful I sound like a
total baby right now and I'm sure I want
to regret putting any of this in if if I
do put and I have the capability of just
taking it all out so I might as well
just edit it out if I don't like her but
I don't know I'm stressed
a new pack
I love you guys thanks for watching and
I'm going to try to vlog as much as I
can in Canada I'm going to show you what
I'm allowed to show you which is
probably not going to be very much
there's a lot of surprises in this
Netflix show about the show there's a
lot of things I don't want you guys to
see until the show comes out because I
just think it'll make the show that much
better so I'm going to try to keep a lot
of stuff hidden but I'm going to vlog as
much as I can I'll show you my apartment
I'll show you my trailer I'll show you
all that stuff but um yeah you guys and
tomorrow I'm moving to Canada and I'm
really scared
love ya
