oh I think well I do your every time is
that what I can't wait what's going on
is it for Nicky hello let me know if you
can hear me let me check Twitter
let me check everything I'm gonna tweet
is it what happened I know it Facebook
lane good into it I'm gonna tap for the
old wrinkles it's for the white mothers
who drink a Chardonnay with an ice cube
and and post things about vaccines is it
working okay
so now you guys can tell us if it's
worth so Corinne are hanging out and we
wanted to write a song but I also didn't
want to I wanted to do a live stream
tonight um okay John wants to go to
Canada with us no come come come oh me I
mean okay so um we wanted to write a
song but we thought it would be fun if
you guys told us what to write the song
about and then we have to write it live
and then maybe woman can be secure to do
to it later or something but also I just
want to do like shame because clearly
I'm obsessed with him living and we have
90 people watching us thank you
we just watched the music video that
Josh is editing - Thank You California
which is the song you wrote for me and
it was cute I'm sad for us to see I
think it's coming out soon okay so we
have to write a song so first let me
give you the update on my shoulder um so
I went to a new doctor today Corey took
me cuz he's my queen
and the doctor took an x-ray and was
like well it's an x-ray so I won't see
in your muscles I won't be able to see
the tears and your muscles because this
is just an x-ray but we have to do it to
make sure it's not your bones and when
he did that he's found a bunch of
calcium in my shoulder which i guess is
really bad and is the reason I'm in so
much pain because calcium like gets in
the way like it's hard and it gets in
the way of your muscles being able to
bend and stretch or whatever and he's
like oh yeah that's pretty painful so
there's a potential like doing a surgery
to get rid of the calcium but anyway I
had to go in for another MRI in like a
week
and it's just really cool so that's you
have to know my shoulders now not if you
have to ask me about that in this blood
stream but I'm still in pain we should
have some if anyone ever sings the
wicked song we have to go so today Corey
looked at me and goes whenever you have
to poop do you ever sing wait what song
is that in wicked when they're about to
have alpha buzz the baby's coming
like I sing that in my head when you
have to take a really bad poop I never
sing that but he wants to know if you
guys do I think everybody does alright
we need a hashtag the hashtag is um what
did the week is it that's Tuesday mm-hmm
so writing Tuesday
that's a horrible hashtag don't hashtag
that I changed my mind
the hashtag is core lean core lean what
what should it be core lean bean core
leontyne do those thing that they don't
do that about when they have to poop um
they're lying because they're just
embarrassed so um first of all tell us
the style of song you want us to do like
musical theater pop jazz let us know
I say means the cut the attack or pop
thank you oh okay so come on is it what
are you doing you're putting a succulent
in your hair mm-hmm oh not ping ping PE
en soak Orlean kor le n PE e n core lien
peen I feel like it's really delayed
guys is it going to switch servers all
right I'm about to switch my internet to
my faster internet and so it might turn
off but don't worry I'll be right back
did it stop is it working are we good
tell me what is going on is it slower it
did pause hold on let's see oh no did it
stop working you feel like it's cute
it's so choppy - chop chop chop chop
chop look at you've been slower now than
it was a minute ago balls okay I don't
know what to do because my internet is
being a total butthole right now um this
thing is working I know it's working and
nots worse so I'm gonna switch it back
don't hate me yeah sloths down here
Oh what hold on check check 1 2 3
Mic Check I think that fixed it okay so
now I am going to do theater it's super
slow okay well I don't know what to help
us I don't know what to tell my mom okay
so we're gonna write a song first we
need to find a song to write to so let
me go oh wait is it not working now dang
it hold on let's find out cuz now it's
not working on my computer the whole
facts it's glitchy it's bad huh let's
get that I'm sorry guys
technically I know it's working right
like soup flow seems like so chalk knee
that's so annoying
people are saying it's working fine it's
fine it's fine whatever
okay so I'm gonna go into the YouTube
library of syncing create thank you
alright so let's look for some pop music
you
okay high school musical parody
everyone's like what is this um
it's frozen everyone saying it's frozen
it was already so bad these are from one
minute ago and a minute ago it was
frozen but not now mm-hmm your song
should be about school class test so
school friend we're gonna sing karaoke
karaoke night y'all
karaoke night oh my god they're already
tweeting me turtle things okay that was
Tina of course Tina's always on it read
to go with those names team okay we're
gonna do a song about periods and cramps
and pms maybe will notice on the other
day the other day Tina made the funniest
th like the only the first time I've
heard someone that was named my name and
it was a llama from the pond dynamite oh
my god she said it better than I said
all right okay
I've been karaoke night now so tell us
what songs you want us to sing to and
we'll do some karaoke
everybody makes mistakes I miss those
days everybody knows what what I'm
talking about everybody gets that way
hmm
get on you now it's better they all hate
it guys come on give us everyone saying
dangerous woman I cannot sing that song
but I'm gonna change everyone can sing
dangerous woman that thing's so high
there's no effing way just lower down an
octave let's hear it guys you know what
I should do is I should look him up this
internet is bad I'm gonna look it up on
my phone and airplay it because
otherwise you guys are gonna be able to
hear anything over you know man you know
my mind will get on appletv what is
we need the word oh my god
grace hanshan is after me right now
she's coming for me I hate when people
called a channel changer number one most
hated thing usually but I also called a
channel changer I never called a remote
control ever they're asking me for drunk
no Cory and I are very much sober and we
don't drink Cory
drove race out into allergic reactions
every time yes alcohol and I fall asleep
like within two seconds
and then I wake up with a horrible
hangover even if I have one sip of
alcohol which is different than how you
see I used to be able to drink like a
fish and I was fine but only after I
turned like 25 I feel like 25 or 26 it's
like whenever I drink I get the last
time I drank a good amount of alcohol
was at my wedding I had a bunch of
champagne at my wedding
someone requested you
okay that album is pretty freakin killer
I listen to it like every plane ride I'm
on it's like Troye Sivan immediately
okay Melanie actually pulling one two
three six okay so the Phantom is
freaking out when is the chapstick
challenge coming out we're all dying
you're thirsty for it we have not shot
the chapstick challenge yet we have the
chopsticks but we have not had time to
shoot the chapstick challenge both of
our schedules are really crazy right now
and this weekend we had a little bit of
free time but we spent it with my family
because this Easter weekend and then in
the next couple of weeks things are
crazy because we're getting ready to
move to Canada and Josh is getting ready
for two of her and so everything's
really hectic and tonight I had some
free time and I asked if Josh wanted to
record a little song for his album
because I'm singing something on this
album and he said yes but then I was
hanging out with Julian which they need
because they love their bro time and I
am totally respectful of their bromance
and their time that they meet together
so we probably could have filmed it
tonight but this is more fun right now
anyway we've already filmed a chopstick
challenge so you can watch that one
until we get to the new one and also I'm
filming the chapstick challenge with
Josh and then I'm filming the chapstick
challenge with somebody else too and I
want you guys to guess who it is I don't
think you'll guess but it's gonna be
good Emily said Emily what do you do it
when I am oh you know listen to Colleen
Colleen and Cory sing about dicks that
was very funny Emily
Andrew Sarris said when will we get a
new house tour we want to get used to
the new setting love you we want to do a
house tour but we're waiting until we
fill it up because right now we don't
really have any furniture in here which
is why
echo it's very echoey because there's
nothing really in the house yet so when
we give it full of furniture then we'll
do a house tour but we haven't had time
like we're getting all new stuff like
we're getting rid of these couches and
like everything but we haven't had time
to do that yet oh okay
Jason jela said are you filming it with
Chris no no I am NOT filming it with my
brother okay Tina said is it Parker no
but that would be so cute and also
really I think illegal and I might get
arrested if I'd made a two-year three
almost three year old kiss me multiple
times
is it mm-hmm you know who it is
know what you already do it no no wow I
don't know Joey Graceffa
no I did that with Miranda a woman Emily
said I didn't get a community pass for
VidCon so I'm not gonna be able to meet
you for VidCon lottery yeah that's okay
though cuz um I am going to VidCon but
my schedule is crazy at that time of
year so I'm probably only gonna be there
for like one day but I'm gonna try to do
as much as I can in that one day um so
I'm going with Josh and Korey and my
brother I think Rachel's gonna be there
too running around so I'm but I don't
know if I'm doing a meet greet so you
wouldn't be missing out on a meeting
great I think if you guys want to meet
me or get a picture I think you'd have
to come to like a Q&A or whatever I'm
gonna be doing it just depends I don't
know for sure what's going on yet but I
will be there and I also like I love
going out and like waving and like
trying to come and take pictures for
many people as I can when they let me so
amazing I feel like I always get
whenever I go to VidCon a playlist I
feel like I take pictures with a lot of
people like more than just at the mean
breed I take pictures with so many
people like when I'm going from place to
place Lots flying
perdy little secret said any updates on
Netflix that you can tell without
getting in trouble I'll probably get in
trouble for anything I tell you because
they want us to keep a secret so
everything's a surprise for you guys and
for the new audience what can I tell you
what can I tell you don't told anything
I love a good surprise I know it's all
gonna be surprised a little show
surprise I think one thing that I'm
gonna tell you guys I don't know if I'm
allowed to or not but obviously since
mine is a youtuber we're incorporating
YouTube videos into the show obviously
but there's a lot of videos that already
exist online that you'll see some of
that stuff but you're also going to see
new YouTube videos that Miranda never
uploaded because most of the stuff that
I've done online like we can't show on
Netflix because of like right copyright
reasons or whatever so we have to get
creative and like have fun with new
stuff so you're gonna see stuff that
you've already seen from Miranda on
YouTube and you're also gonna see new
stuff that were writing and creating
that Miranda did years ago but she never
showed anyone and that's like kind of a
secret and I don't think I'm supposed to
tell you that but I did are these videos
that you filmed a long time ago are they
new videos that you're filming you'll
have to see Danielle actual tiny Pauline
said widdle salmon labia comeback you
needed me to come back with them I don't
know
DIYs are really popular right now so I
feel like it's a good time to bring Sam
and labia back to life but if we make it
you guys have to watch it because when
we make everyone watches like a horrible
views and then it was like why don't you
make them listen no but when we make
them I get like an absurd amount of
dislikes like when I make the salmon
land via videos I feel like I get like
triple the amount of dislikes that I eat
that I usually get because I always get
two dislikes because it's YouTube and
there's so much people who like to
dislike videos and there's people who
don't
that's right but when I do salmon labia
people like how dare you talk about a
vagina and they get really really mad at
me so and I love people don't get that
humor and they're like I feel really
uncomfortable because I'm so used to
gender roles and being straight and
happy so I'm like I'm sorry Coleen's
flannel said latest obsession
besides flannels of course well I do
love a good flannel I've been wearing
flannel supplied often with like crop
tops and high-waisted jeans like my new
thing I'm super into high-waisted jeans
which I never liked and I always made
fun of and so not me but lately I've had
a lot of diarrhea which has resulted in
a skinnier tummy area and also
high-waisted jeans like hide the flat
part of a girl's body so like there's my
girls about where those how ways to do
that my jeans down like low like at my
hips like underneath the belly button I
feel like I would you get that little
you know I'm talking about and I like a
big nose above it I was just like you
know like there's room to grow in case
you ever get preggers and it hides that
for me it's like little glow it hides it
and then it just yeah the little bloat
like if you ate a really big burrito at
Chipotle it kind of shows a little bit
so I like high-waisted jeans other
obsessions okay Sherri said you guys
should do more bad monologues they're
hilarious we will do some monologues for
you guys good idea oh here's what I'll
do
I'm gonna tweet this ish bad monologues
right now
no you're doing are you kidding me I'm
not doing you can do it
your stupid way they're going so mad at
you oh you do it you have to do one you
guys tweet Cory and tell them is a big
ol Weiner infection and he does
do you want why what is your issue I
don't like do you know why because it
makes me nervous what you're my favorite
thing in the world you depriving your
best friend of her favorite thing in the
whole world you can do it
Cory's hair looks like the poop emoji
right now and I live for it
that's from Madeline come on poop emoji
do at least one if I do only you do one
okay but I'm gonna do bad at it okay so
all you guys have to do in order for the
bad monologue this is the situation you
just have to tell us a scenario and then
we pretend that we're doing a performing
a monologue for like an audition because
lately I have been experiencing
auditions and most have been glorious
but every once a while you get actors
who are overacting and like Disney
Channel like mary-kate and Ashley or
Lizzie McGuire acting and it's like our
favorite thing in the whole world
because that's how we acted in like high
school and college even and um and so we
just have a fascination with it so what
you do is you guys tweet us like okay
your sister just stole your boyfriend
and she found out that your dad is a
leprechaun or like you just tweet us a
scenario and then we have to create a
monologue off the top of our head okay
here we go you're telling your mom that
you just got your period that's a good
Gen X Cool Whip okay See Mom it's me
Jenny
I needed to talk to you about something
I'm really scared
I just went to the bathroom and in my
Kenny's there was some dark red kind of
brownish color stuff did I go poo I
don't know it doesn't smell like poo
what could it be
I'm really nervous
I have a disease no you don't you just
got your period my period but I'm only
13 years old how did I get it so soon
I'm not ready for babies oh yeah that's
a warm 1001 Cory's gonna do the next one
I am trying to figure this out hmm
you're telling your friend that you just
ran over her dog I feel like we need
more generic a lot of these are really
really intense like a lot of the
suggestions you're giving us are really
like over-the-top so give us one that is
a little more normal
okay okay Sebastian said you're divorced
dad is effing your BFF you just opened
the door hey Dad I'm home from school
father Sebastian together again never in
my life did I think I would ever see
such a sight my father who was part of
me and his penis out for everyone to see
and my best friend Sebastian naked butt
up in the air
what is this Jerry Springer this is
pathetic I knew that something was up
when Sebastian called me on the phone
and said hey
get pizza today I'm busy practicing well
we all know what you're practicing
you're practicing swallowing cucumbers
with my father of all people and you dad
you should be ashamed what would mother
think she's upstairs taking a shower I
can't believe you would do this to her
to me to us well you know what I'm out
of here I'm packing up my suitcase and
I'm leaving the next train to Boston
because in Boston they know how to treat
their signs bye forever
I feel like computer charters like
totally not working right now
nice going on with this garbage let's go
boss
you might have to go upstairs to my
bedroom because the computer is not
charging and my computer's going to die
this charger why the heck just typing
that yeah I don't know what's going to
just like turn off but like this is bad
news because this computer oven is too
important unless I guess I'll run up and
get the other charger I know I can do it
I'll get it
you can entertain hey everyone I just
want to do a quick tutorial on everyday
hair do as you can do for a quick out
night out on a date or for a nice um
school day or for me being just a quick
event that you need to go the first one
that we're gonna do is an evening look
you take your weave and you push it down
in front of your face because you want
to hide what you're doing you want to
look mysterious for your date and you
just get a long string like it's a big
skin
mark on your panties and let it linger
over eyeball so it's kind of like an
eyepatch like you're an a pirate
searching for that booty at night so
your second look you're gonna do an updo
you take any type of writing utensil
like a pencil or a pen or a tampon you
do a quick little twist with your hands
wrap it up and make it a bum and then
twist that and then push it through and
then you go it's quick easy put your
hair up for the hot summer weather and
it's really fun in school because if you
need a pen you just take it off and you
can write some notes that was my quick
tutorial for hair if you like to know
some more just um go to Rebecca someone
well subscribe to her did she just
really cute look and she says everyone's
Anthony oh you can do bat monologues no
we just did on oh then we're done I feel
like I just had an idea what I wanted to
do in this live she was I just forgot it
Wow Wow Oh joshing join even God was so
they're having time together mm-hmm
today I went to Dunkin Donuts and got a
doughnut and coffee and then I blamed
Chloe for gaining 5 pounds he always
blames me he's like oh well like some
days I go and weigh myself and I weigh 5
pounds more
and then when next day I wake by calling
pounds less sorry if my accents coming
out Japanese have you read Adler it's
like some danger some days I'm like 111
yeah I like check myself oh my gosh so
bad and the next day I'm like oh I lost
all that way I really did just have an
idea when I walked up to my bedroom
I wanted to do in this live stream and
then I just forgot it's crazy I had an
idea I couldn't just let migraine we
should go get ice cream okay really you
just blamed me frozen yoga we're not
going to monologues anymore y'all cause
like I feel like I don't can do it right
now um I like doing monologues to things
that I already written now like if there
was like a scene from a famous movie or
like a song or something and just making
it affordable like Titanic don't like
calm don't like gong shock if you're a
bird I'm a bird
don't I'm a puppet what's the hashtag
the hashtag is corn lien peen what's
your fave sassy dance I thought we just
did a lot oh my god I like blurred lines
in birthday Kenny paper Thiessen you
know what I have my mom's home videos
and I don't know how to get them on my
computer there has to be a way I know
someone to make a big account because
this plug doesn't fit into me anything
that cuz we're almost done with my
documentary look how many followers were
losing how many did we use to have this
right because of my hair tutorial
but for we needed more footage for my
documentary of me singing so my mom
dropped this off and it's my senior
recital that's on here of when I had to
think opera for like an hour and a half
or two olives and I want to see my sound
like wait I also have nothing but
Broadway on here mm that's a good song
let's see what we've got guys we're
losing followers are dropping like flies
ahead looks the exact same as it was oh
you lost four followers hold yourself
they're all like oh wow you got 30
followers tell us what you want us to
talk about we'll talk about whatever you
will make you happy all all right it's
late like everyone has school in morning
and I have to go to a doctor at 8 a.m.
to get what just shots in my shoulder
then I have work all day tomorrow oh my
god I just was talking about how this is
in two thousand and someone just said
and this morning two thousand let's hear
what we got sing
Eli looks so ugly why can't I don't even
know how to get out of this thing so I
can see the screen I don't know how to
turn it up guys so I can't even this is
useless to me I kind of plug this thing
but I don't know what this is how do i
plug this in anywhere it's got these
little plugin things and it's got this
plugin thing but I don't know where to
plug this in can i plug it into my
computer I don't think my bill uh get in
could I plug in the audio nope here I
hated doing this like 12 people came to
my senior recital because I didn't want
anyone to come to it
anyway I need to send this to Jay you
guys wouldn't hear some of the
documentary that's what I'll do I'll
show you sneak peek of the dot
oops not the right internet I feel like
I should probably hang this up soon my
Walgreens orders ready I didn't order
anything
very nice okay I'm trying to log into my
account so I can get to the dock I'm
gonna show you a sneak peek of the
documentary y'all alright you're ready
for this you could teach them how to do
the sassy dance right now hmm
was doing okay so we I'm so
scatterbrained I'm like trying to come
up with one thing to do and I just can't
I think is going anyway okay so my
Internet's been really slow is this
working because my email won't even load
it's really bad we're losing the viewers
are dropping like flies I think it might
be time to go y'all okay we'll do the
dance for you guys um I do want to pull
up the documentary really fast is it
y'all J oh here it is I've got it
ha
sound at y'all you can listen to the
opening of it ready here she
I've been performing since I was a
little girl it's always been with what
I'm most passionate about it's always
what I dreamed I would do when I grew up
when I get out stage and see hundreds
and thousands of fans that chokes me up
and makes me feel inspired and makes me
want to keep going I've been doing it
for seven years and it took a lot of
work to get see it they could only hear
it
and now I'm gonna say to you but they
can't I could show them I don't wanna
show them anyway
don't you guys see actually I'll show
you a sad part I'll let your sad part
it's really a thing stuff it's like so I
think that that is it oh my god you can
hear it here I know what I'll do I'll do
a mirror screen so that you can see like
me can you guys I don't know if this is
gonna work hold on see you guys can see
like that can you see it in the thing oh
no not at all
this is not gonna work y'all I don't
think I'm gonna be able to make it work
I thought I had a good idea but it was a
worldwide okay so
get over it I thought it was a good idea
um I'll show you he gave me that bug to
want to perform I always like to sing
but I think that's the reason at the end
of my Australian tour she passed away
while I was married I didn't get stuck
this is me though this is how like I
don't know I think I always show things
I'm not supposed to show but anyway um I
know it's okay what was he gonna do
after that oh we're gonna do sassiness
okay good transition hair let's listen
to one more section of whatever I click
on as well and watch I just go here the
part is this sorry I can't say hi to the
fans no one to the fan I know I myself
like I helps to make a lot guys watching
myself on video like I really hate it
like once I upload a video I never watch
it again like Miranda videos there's a
few Miranda videos that I'll watch more
than once but typically like I don't
watch my videos after one time so like
watching this documentary the few times
like give notes was so hard for me
because I just sit through like an hour
and 15 minutes an hour and a half of
myself and it's very painful I'm trying
to find another good little section to
show you guys I heard I'm forgetting
where I am
New York was such a high for me it was
draining
not to mention I'd already been on tour
for a week and a half that I think my
body finally just is starting to shut
down
oh sorry like I had to sit down sit down
for a couple of times my life is really
hard anyways like I was saying last
night at the party okay
um so anyway the document is really
close to being done
I can't rig eyes to see it it's not like
a big huge documentary like Tyler
Oakley's was or like Lily's was or any
youtuber documentaries that were like
huge and big and it's just no it's not
it's not that big like it airs because I
didn't have a production team making it
like I literally just did it by myself
my friend J and we didn't have anyone
helping us we didn't have any money
behind it we just got a camera and
filmed the documentary so it's not like
this epic huge production it's just him
following me around and we wanted even
without the production team it's still
just as come on any means
it was um I just wanted to film me on
tour it was before I didn't know Tyler
and Lilly we're doing documentaries I
I've always loved touring and I've
always loved performing live and I've
been doing it for my whole life but I've
been touring as Miranda for almost eight
years and so I was like oh I've been
doing this for eight years been doing
live shows I've done hundreds and
hundreds of hundreds of live shows so I
was like I should probably film this
adventure that I do because it's a cool
part of my life that I want to remember
forever and that's why we started
filming documentary and then Tyler's
came out and Lily's came out I was like
oh my god it's so looks like I'm like
copying them and I've got like a
makeshift version of their epic like
fully produced versions so I don't even
know where this documentary is gonna end
up like I don't know if we're gonna just
upload it to my youtube channel or if
we're gonna put it on iTunes or if we're
gonna try to get it on like Netflix or
what we're gonna do with it we don't
know I just know that I want you guys to
see it and like I don't really care how
it's I'm not doing a big premiere I'm
not doing anything like that cuz I don't
have any production company paying for
this it's just me so if I did a big
premiere or something like that it would
have to be on my own dime and I don't
know it just seems like I don't know
it's just it's a more intimate
documentary cuz it's not like a big
production but I'm really excited for
you guys to see it because it kind of
gives you a glimpse of like what my
childhood was like and things I struggle
with and like what Touring's like and
why I love it and why it means a lot to
me and how much work I put into it and I
don't know I'm excited for guys to see
it um so anyway I'm waiting for Jay to
finish it but he is getting married soon
so that's why it's taking a little while
and also I'm hard to get a hold of
because I
busy so we're both just a little bit so
anyway okay so what are we doing we're
doing all right yes we're gonna try to
do it I'm going to put it on the TV and
then I'll try to do it with the TV at
home ah so we're going to get you be
alright
passing it I'm going to teach you how to
do it okay so if anyone's still watching
get excited because you're about to
learn how to do with sassy dance even
though everyone's already asleep
sassy oh there it is
sassy dance halls because I have to move
this yeah okay let's get this stool
alright good stickies okay so we're
gonna try to remember it and I can't
fully do it cuz my arms a lot of pain
today um sorry about it let me just
womp womp womp womp Bom here's I'm
sewing he does live chains every five
seconds
other than me like no one's even
watching this one's like athlete's
Twitter
come on trick to it I make sure this
thing's still working because I feel
like sometimes I'm doing it and there
you guys were like okay audio one out um
okay okay okay here we go
so we're gonna be alright
is that not me so on me put your hands
like hips can you pop to the right first
and it's a really pretty pop like pop
for pop very rigid it's not to it
because I was making fluid and they
always fun of me it's like your glass
that yeah getting that get a book like
that so if anyone I don't know if anyone
is doing this with us right now we have
lost like 300 followers in the
I don't care it's like yeah read it's
because we're lame and dumb um so tell
me if you guys if anyone's dancing along
or if you're just laughing at us for
being stupid
um let's see slay um they knew it
already
still watching yep no one I don't think
anyone's doing it with us
is anyone doing it with us cuz we'll
keep going if y'all are they're laughing
at us someone okay Lee Nguyen is
literally doing it along with y'all
right now we're going to continue doing
juice comes out
the giant just goes pretty far this is
elastic heart this is the hardest part I
say you need go straight up there you go
let me go let me go out made a triangle
there you go that's the whole dance I
want to know if anyone learned it vagina
vagina
okay she can change your necklace
you
we picked up matching stones my mom and
I and Cory and you guys want to see my
butterflies can you turn based off I
won't so surely I might
so I've been growing butterflies and
it's gonna be in a video coming up
pretty soon but they already hatched
other cocoons
there's period blood everywhere but
they're in I think they're sleeping or
they're dead
did you feed them today what's the
Phenom sugar what I like that but anyway
we're gonna let him go tomorrow into the
wild but those are my butterflies and
that's the live stream I hope you guys
enjoy it
um yeah seriously thanks for hanging out
with me tonight guys is there anything
else you want me to talk about or say
before I say goodbye let me know on the
tweeter and then I'm gonna go oh yeah
the butterflies are on there
I don't know
coin you get him blocked what someone
was a douchebag about my husband block
delete I'm not gonna say I don't give
them that promo um okay please talk
about high school all right that'll be
my final story what do you want to know
about high school I got lots of stories
I'll start talking about it now when I
see like a question about high school
answer okay so I went to high school I
was kind of baked in Santa Barbara
that's where I grew up and it oh my god
real losing followers like crying but
anyway I went to high school in Santa
Barbara and I was homeschooled for six
seventh and eighth grade so I was
homeschooled all through middle school
and I was kind of stuck and like you
know I'm like junior High's like where
you grow up and you start to go through
puberty and mature as an adult or like
as a teenager I guess but in my clique
in elementary school maybe it's
different now you guys can tell me but
when I was a kid in elementary school
like you were still into like stickers
and cartoons and like I had Lisa Frank
binders and still wore dresses with like
cats on them and like I wore my hair
curly or in pigtails like all the way up
until fifth grade and then sixth seventh
and eighth is when everyone went and
like got mature and like started wearing
cool clothes and stuff and so when I
went into high school I was still stuck
in that like fifth fourth fifth grade
mentality of like style and personality
so when I went into high school I was
wearing like sparkly clothes and like
cat shirts and overalls and had long
hair down to my butt and braces like I
was a total goober and so I had a hard
time in high school at first like I'm
I've always been like a friendly person
um but I did feel uncomfortable a lot of
the time in high school and so I was
into like theater and choir and that's
where I kind of hung out in high school
so yeah what was your favorite year of
high school was from Lauren my favorite
year was junior
year cuz I got the lead role role in a
musical called Pirates of Penzance and
it was my first time ever getting a lead
in anything and so it was like really
exciting and um yeah I really like
junior year I was 15 and 16 my junior
year yeah Emily asked I have state
testing right after this week of spring
break any advice or words of wisdom I
don't know what the testing is like
anymore but when I was in school we took
the SATs or the ABC teas and I took the
SATs and I did terribly I think I've
talked about this before in a live
stream like I am a horrible test taker
the worst in the world and I was really
embarrassed about it I I know I've
talked about this actually so I'll keep
it brief but I was the worst test taker
like I failed any test like that if the
test meant a lot like it was just a test
in like math class I was fine but when
it was a big like state or a city or a
regional testing situation I always did
that because I was just nervous
um so I'm a really bad test taker so my
advice would be don't stress about it
study as much as you can but don't let
the scoring affect you negatively
because I got horrible SAT scores and I
felt so stupid and I felt so dumb and
like I was just I just felt like an
idiot and um it bums me out now to think
back on that because I was a smart girl
but just because I got a bad grade on my
SATs I assumed I was like the stupidest
person in the world and I cried and I
hated myself and like just don't let a
test score define you I guess like don't
beat yourself up over it as long as you
study and you're doing your best then
that's all that matters in that
situation like if you truly truly are
trying your best then like you should be
proud of yourself even if you don't get
a great score I wish someone had told me
that because I thought
so stupid like I really felt so stupid
so and now like listen you don't even
need any of that stuff like I mean at
least for me like I've never used the
quadratic formula I've never needed to
know anything I learned in math class or
in the biology or chemistry or even
English grammar like a lot of that I've
never used so it's all kind of Bowl if
you ask me like I know and how to like
make dinner
yeah cuz I can to like Josh lien for
life said she's from Santa Barbara wants
know at high school I went to I went to
San Marcos high school all four years
and my mom did too I think or maybe my
mom went to Dos Pueblos psychic number
um the wolf inside Brianna four one two
said did you get bullied in all capitals
yeah but I feel like everyone does look
he's not a thing um I do get bullied I
got bullied a lot by you know what I got
bullied more by friends than I did by
like strangers so it wasn't like anyone
um and I wonder if that's true for
everyone or if that's just how it was
for me but like no strangers ever came
up to me and like beat me up or said
mean things people I guess made fun of
me as they walked past me but I didn't
really care about that it was more like
I would make friends and then they would
bully me like um like this is one guy
that I became friends with and he
thought it was funny cuz I was small
like I was skinny so he would like
enlighten so he picked me up put me in
trash cans he'd shove me in the boys
bathroom drop the lights and lock the
door and locked me in the boys bathroom
a lot of boys made fun of me because I
didn't have boobs I didn't have a butt
and wow that still happens I get
comments all the time about my ugly
skinny body I'm like well like one um
but yeah I've always been made fun of
for that and I was made fun of for my
frizzy hair and um
Wow I think everyone is though like I
feel like the people that are popular
cool and make people really and I'm just
saying all the nerves and all the like
people that were like goofy weird like
turn out to be really successful or
really beautiful or like really cool so
I'm just saying if your bully hate it's
like the motivators yeah okay doesn't
your motivate us don't even listen to
them because you're like when we get
older you're gonna be ugly and gross and
still in your hometown and I'm gonna be
living the high life being successful
and beautiful I'm not making this up
like literally but yeah let them be your
motivators like it hurts but it'll make
you stronger I'm not saying it's a good
thing it's horrible to be bullied but
let it make you should be stronger and
get a tough skin about it and just love
yourself like learning how to love
yourself be passion about the things you
want to do and make it motivate you like
when people are mean to me or people are
rude to me or talk crap about me it
makes me want to work harder to prove
them wrong
so whenever I've seen bad comes by mean
it really gets to me and I have a bad
moment or like sad time and life the
next day I'm like alright how can I
prove them wrong like they say my show
is gonna fail they say that I'm a bitch
or they say whatever like how can I
prove them wrong how can I be one how
can I show everyone that I am NOT a
bitch that I am super nice and like a
good person how can I make sure that
this show is super successful how can I
make my youtube videos better um like I
take it and try to make it my life
better so that's what happened don't
just sit there and stew and you're
bowling you're like I'm gonna show you
you just well we're not saying that it's
easy to just let it roll off your
shoulders you got a hurt first I think I
think that part's important you got it
like it's okay to feel sad and feel like
get your feelings hurt like that is fine
but then let it motivate you talk about
your first party that's brie underscore
ro vet o7 I will talk about my first
party and okay I'm going to tweet about
it first because this will be my last
story and then I'm going to
go um but this story is a pretty good
one and I think my mom knows about this
one so my mom's watching hey what if I
went to parties talking about my first
party and my first sip okay here we go
so um I want to tell you guys about the
very first time that I ever went to a
party I never really went to parties in
high school like I I certainly never
went to like a real party like where
there was a bunch of people and
everyone's drinking and being super cool
though I only went to like I think one
or the few parties are which were like
theater parties where everyone was like
chugging the water like that was some
crazy but I did go to one party and it
was from like the cool kids that um it
was like the cool kids that I always
wanted to be friends with but they never
liked me and it was made fun of me and
then finally they invited me to this
party and I was sixteen it was my junior
year of high school and um I remember
this guy I'm I don't know if I'm gonna
tell you the real names I'm not just
serve their privacy but this guy at a
party and there's probably like twenty
or thirty people at this party it was
like totally lame but I'm pretty sure I
lied to my mom and I said I was gonna
spend the night at my friend's house my
best friend's house and then me and her
went to this party instead and everyone
spent the night at this boy's house so
it was super scandal but I went and I
had never had an sip of alcohol before
then but I went and everyone was
drinking and I was so nervous and um
this guy that huge crush on like a huge
freaking crush on him really really
liked him he came up to me he's like hey
you want me to make you a drink
and I was like yeah totally yeah I love
gin Keene even though I'd never had a
drink before and he handed me a
screwdriver which is orange juice and
vodka and I didn't even know what that
was he was like I'll make you
screwdriver so he handed it to me and it
was like from what I remember it was
like mostly vodka but it could have just
been I'd never tasted vodka before so
like bomb vomit I hated it like I was
trying to sip it but I was like gagging
like the taste of vodka made me want to
die hi baby
come Josh's home when I was 16 you're
threatened by Braddock Russia when I was
16 come stay with me even though that
was 13 years ago um anyway so um he gave
me a screwdriver and I was like this is
disgusting a hater I want to die it was
so gross um but I'm still pretended to
drink it and then he ran away and like
went and hung out with other people and
didn't talk to me literally the rest of
the night did not speak to me so that
was my only interaction with them and I
hope you didn't mean to slam that door
oh my god that was so aggressive
anyways that's wrong at all um so
anyways he left right after he made me
drink and left and like didn't talk to
Queen the rest of the night and so then
I got in the hot tub with a bunch of
friends and I had someone offered me a
beer and I tasted the beer and I was
like this is amazing because it didn't
taste like vodka so I like loved it cuz
it didn't taste like vodka um so I
thought beer was delicious because vodka
was so disgusting so I drink like half a
beer and had like a few sips of vodka
and that was all I had I didn't get even
get tipsy or anything and then we all
went to sleep like everyone just slept
all over the place but if you guys
watched my video with with the gabbie
show where I talked about I think it was
that video that I talked about the yeah
it was that I talked about the girl who
slept next to a boy and she thought that
he got her pregnant because he was
spooning her from behind and they were
both fully clothed and she thought that
from spooning she was gonna get pregnant
she thought that in his sleep he he got
her pregnant through his underwear
through his jeans through her jeans
through her underwear down her butt and
then up into the beam and she got
pregnant so
she like thought that was a possibility
which obviously is not a possibility to
get pregnant from spooning someone but
she thought that was true anyway the
part of that story that you don't know
is that the boy she was cuddling with
was the boy that I had a crush on so the
boy who gave me the screwdriver that I
had a crush on ended up starting with
this other girl that whole night and
then spooned her and she thought he got
her pregnant so then the next day at
school she came up to me and she was
like oh my gosh I think I'm pregnant
because me and that boy that you like
we're cuddling all night so I'm like
fuming because I like liked this boy and
she's telling me about how she cuddled
him all night and she knew that I liked
him and she was telling me that anyway
which is totally snatchy if I were to do
but she then but I felt better because I
was like you're an idiot that you think
like I don't know anything about how to
get pregnant but I definitely know that
that is not how you get pregnant so when
she told me that story it was pretty
funny and entertaining to me but yeah
she definitely thought you could get
pregnant from cuddling which is insanity
um yeah that was my first party and I'm
pretty sure my mom found out about that
although she won't tell me if she did or
not she always just like and I'm like
we're friends now like why can't you
just tell me but I know that like a week
or two after that she picked me up from
school and I got in the car and she was
like would you like to tell me something
and I was like no but she was like I'm
pretty sure that you want to tell me
something you want to admit anything to
me it was like super pissy and in my
head I was like okay is it that party
that I went to the other day or a couple
weeks ago is it did she like read a
journal and I said something bad about
her Rachel did she I had no idea what
she was talking about so I didn't want
to admit to going to a party and
drinking if that wasn't what she was
talking about so I just was like I have
no idea what you're talking about you
say oh really you have no idea what I'm
talking about and she was like super
pissed at me and I am pretty sure it was
about that and she grounded me she's
like you're grounded because you lied to
me and I still end up to this day I
don't know what the heck I got grounded
for but I thought at the time that it
was for going to that party so mom why
did you grab me what did you find out
and how did you find it out did you I
still think it is from that party but I
don't know I still to this day I have no
idea why
she was mad at me because she wanted me
to admit it to her but I didn't know
what she wanted me to admit and I didn't
want to admit to going to a party and
having alcohol at a boy's house if that
wasn't the thing she had found out
because then I would have gotten anyway
more trouble
so yeah mom tell me what's up everyone
tweet my mother she's at Pixy tangerine
p IX ie tangerine that's my mom
and be like why did you ground corn in
high school was it because she went to
that party cuz she doesn't tell me and I
want to know what did i do go um yeah
that happened so that was my first party
experience and it was super lame I had
like three sips of a screwdriver and
half of a can of beer and then fell
asleep alone while everyone else was
like cuddling with someone and then a
girl thought she got pregnant from
cuddling a boy that I liked so that was
my situation um but anyway that is my
story and I think I'm done I'm gonna go
tend to my boyfriend oh my mom is
calling me hello yes you are watching
the live stream it's delayed she did did
she call you what happened I know but
what does she do
my mom's telling me I know well turn off
the live stream so you can pay attention
okay I'm gonna put you on speaker don't
say any names okay don't say any news so
my mom is telling me that a friend of
mine one of my best friends told her did
she call you or did she tell you in
person she was there why did she say
that if she was there too
she was such a butthole yeah I was
helping you tell me the truth I didn't
want to graduate it was true who I
thought it was then I thought it was Ben
because he was there I think well now
you know the truth I had like three sips
of vodka and then a can of beer whatever
all right love you thanks for finally
telling me so many years later I've been
waiting for that explanation okay love
you bye
finally she tells me um that girl was
such a poo head anyway all right I'm
gonna go but I love you guys thanks for
watching and thank you need
