hello oh my gosh
I think I'm live now it is almost
midnight and I have no life and
everyone's asleep someone's gonna watch
this but Josh is busy
josh is recording with Matt and I just
spent the evening working and hanging
out with Cory and Rachel and then Rachel
left and then Corey went to sleep and I
might awake but I'm sick of working and
I don't want to just sit here by my
fails so I thought why don't I do live
streaming and hang out with you guys so
um that's what I'm up to right now I
have to go to work in the morning but
I'm just gonna stay awake and chat with
you guys cuz honestly if I wasn't doing
this I would just be awake on my phone
on Twitter anyway so why not just do
livestream um but let me see if this is
even working okay I'm reading your
little comments on this thingy
my bobber oh my god Julia said she may
have broken her collarbone really blows
your hair oh my god I know Mikayla just
said it's me fry my hair and girl I feel
you
this hair like desperately needs to be
washed I haven't washed it in like four
days mmm
actually I think it's been three days so
tomorrow will be day four um I don't
know what my deal is but lately I've
been like so obsessed with live streams
I think I just like talking to you guys
because okay I'm used to doing YouTube
mmm
for the past seven or eight years
however long eight years that I've been
online I'm used to making a video and
making my whole week about like the
videos that I was gonna post and filming
it editing it putting them online
reading the comments and it's like
immediate like I filmed the video that
day or the day before
toasted and like read all the comments
and check Twitter and all his stuff and
I felt really connected and like part of
the this community and like really in
with like my viewers and what I was
talking you guys all the time
and then now with um my job I go to work
every day and from the second I wake up
I wake up get ready for work go to work
and were writing all day and working on
the show all day and then I get home and
I'll film and edit and do whatever but I
like do it ahead of time so like a
little ahead schedule ahead of schedule
and so I don't feel like even though I'm
put still posting videos as often as I
can I feel like I'm not as connected to
you guys as I usually I'm like usually I
feel like I don't know I don't know how
explain that's really weird but I just
feel really disconnected from you guys
and from like the viewers in general I
feel like they don't talk to like I used
to and so I don't know I think that's
why I like doing live streams cause I'm
like I feel like I haven't talked to
them in a while so I just want to talk
to them um also I spend all day in like
an office with a bunch of like really
awesome people but they're not part of
this community at all like the only
person in my office who knows anything
about YouTube is my brother and everyone
else like doesn't know anything about
YouTube at all so it's like I don't know
I come home and I'm like I want to talk
about YouTube and I want to talk to you
guys and anyway I don't know what I'm
talking about but yeah just why does
they hi I'm reading your comments
Brooklyn hunt said who is your favorite
person to work with um I don't know if
you mean at my office you mean at my
office or do you mean like in general
Brooklyn what do you mean um these are
coming in so fast they're people in the
UK right now who can watch cuz it's the
morning so hello
um okay I don't think I'll ever find a
comment of yours if you ask me again
like what you meant by that so I'll just
answer both so she asked
do I like working with like the most I
think that was a question or something
like that sorry I'm really tired and out
of it um as far as like YouTube stuff I
like working with my family
just because I love them and they know
me really well so like my brother and my
sister and Cory is like family to me
like anyone who's in my family like
obviously I love working with um but at
work
I like everyone I work with like
everyone plays a different element in
the writers room like everyone has a
role but um Christopher and I are
writing partners my brother and I are
writing partners so obviously he's like
my number one go-to like I love working
with Christopher he is so good at what
he does it is crazy guys like yeah I
don't know how many of you are
subscribed to him on his YouTube channel
on Ballinger present founders present
but of course his family's amazing this
vlogs are amazing but like as a writer
he is so talented I can't even tell you
and he's so funny like he comes up with
stuff for the show that like makes me
laugh so hard like I he's so good so I
feel really lucky to have him on my team
and if my brother was not a part of the
show like I don't know if I would do it
like he's he's like such a valuable part
of the show um see I really like working
with my brother and everyone I work with
is awesome there's one guy on the
writers in the writers room who is
really great and um he brings this
really cool element he's really like
he's really into the idea of making
something totally different
and really like shocked everyone with
this show like we're not we're not
trying to make a mainstream TV show like
it's not gonna be this mirandasings show
is not gonna be like a Nickelodeon show
that you've seen before it's not gonna
be like a show you see on ABC or Fox
like it's it's not a show it's not like
anything anyone's ever seen before it's
totally different and it's totally weird
and kind of dry and um and I don't know
he's there's one kind officers really
good at encouraging me to like stay true
to what I'm passionate about and like
make sure I make the show that I want to
do and stay true to Miranda they drew
the character and I don't know
anyway I'm talking a lot about stuff you
don't care about but that I love
everyone in the writers room I want to
work with his great okay if you're from
Australia then put a poop emoji has just
saw that in the comments hey what up
Australia um people want a hashtag
hashtag kollene stop live-streaming
hey um how Paulo Castro said any Netflix
recommendations um obviously I love
Netflix I love Netflix before I did my
show so all the all her saying like oh
she's just rootin for Netflix not she's
on I like no I was obsessed with it
before I got a show on Netflix but there
is a show a new show on Netflix that's
really interesting is called the
characters and it's like a sketch comedy
show and there's a bunch of different
comedians and a different comedian gets
a different episode and each comedian
plays like a bunch of different
characters in one episode which i think
is really interesting it's totally weird
it's kind of weird and interesting and
every episode is really different so if
you watch it like I don't think there's
one person who would really love every
single episode like there's a different
taste for different people however
episode two of the characters um it's oh
man his name's John early I'm pretty
sure it's generally let me double check
because this is important information
that's coming up like ah yeah this isn't
my Internet's really bad well yeah it is
John earlier I was right oh my god kinas
even see me like this is horrible
Internet okay anyway his name is John
early and his episode two of the
characters on Netflix and that's really
good and I would highly recommend it but
watch any of those episodes um it's just
interesting and different kind of weird
then it's just cool to see a different
kind of comedy is this working guys
because I feel like it's not working
okay well
um when is my show coming out my show
haters back off is coming out this year
that's all I know like we don't have an
official date but I can't tell you that
we have not shot the show yet you're
shooting it very soon and I am so scared
but we haven't shot it yet so that kind
of gives you timeline that like there's
still a lot of work to do on it we're
still writing it we're almost done and
we're shooting it very very very soon
and the show is gonna be out this year
and that's all I know and I'm not lying
like I really don't know when the show
is gonna be out yet we don't know yet
Laura Ramirez said will you ever
consider going vegan good question I
don't know I think I would consider it I
I haven't considered it before I've
thought about it like I've gone a couple
weeks before without being a vegan just
to like try and see if I felt better and
I felt really weak and I don't know if
that was because I wasn't eating the
right types of food um never really
weird like body and like weird health
issues so my stomach responds badly do a
lot of things so um I don't know maybe
I'd try it again someday but I don't
know I don't know I guess I would
consider it I'll consider anything um
but I'm not a vegan right now but I also
don't really like meat that much like
I'm I usually only want me if I cook it
myself like I get no free-range chicken
meat or you know grass-fed cow me like I
get really good quality meat where the
animals weren't treated like garbage and
I prepare it myself so that I see what
goes into it so I'll eat food out and
about like I'll get a cheeseburger so
every once well but typically if I go to
a restaurant like I don't usually want
to order meat like I usually order
vegetables and not for like any reasons
like not for animal rights reasons it's
more like meat isn't really my favorite
like I don't
I could definitely
be vegetarian I think like I think I
could for sure be vegetarian but the
thought of not having like chocolate
chip cookies I don't know if I gonna do
that
or like cereal like there's like little
things I'm like I really like I had
cereal for dinner tonight
and I've tried cereals like almond milk
and good like I hate almond milk
I hate so I'm I look like I think it's
disgusting so I don't know I think I
think I could do it if I needed you I
think anyone could go vegan if they
needed to and maybe I will someday it
seems like it's like the new trend but
um
I don't know maybe I should stop talking
about this I know a lot of vegans a lot
of my friends are vegans um my one of my
assistants is vegan and she's like the
coolest chick in the universe and she's
the best and I feel like I'm I like
vegan food no no I don't have anything
against vegans I think it's cool I don't
know my changes I'm gonna change the
topic um what's your favorite cereal my
favorite cereal is the Lucky Charms I'm
such a child
um oh my god these are coming in so fast
jasmine Perez said is Netflix ryoshu a
loss is Netflix recreating your Miranda
room or making a new version of it okay
um I'm I don't know what I'm a lot of
saying what I'm not like I know there's
like a lot of rules and you guys know
how bad I am at keeping secrets and
following rules but basically I don't
think you guys are gonna be disappointed
I think that you'll be happy and I've
been really stickler about like no this
is how Miranda is and this is how it has
to be but um it's not gonna be how do I
explain it
I'm staying very true to the Miranda
story that's hollow salad so yeah I'm
staying very true to the Miranda story
so
if anyone watches and it's like that's
not how it is I'm gonna be like yes it
is because I'm being a big stickler I'm
like no this is how the Miranda story is
so like that's not my thing but um yeah
don't worry you won't be disappointed
and if you are then I'm sorry um baby
names okay hold on I need to charge my I
need to check my computer's it's gonna
die but I'm not wearing pants so I need
to cover my butt in case you guys see my
vagina okay I did okay what was the
question baby names okay um right now
Josh and I are seeing Noah or Lily I'm
not the biggest fan of the name Noah but
Josh really likes it I mean I love y'all
if your names are Noah than like this
cute but like I've never envisioned my
son being named Noah until Josh and Josh
is like super like it has to be Noah so
I'll give them that
and then lily is the girl name that we
both really love and my middle name is
May so it would be Lily Mae Evans and
yeah we're not sure on like if we have a
boy you know be Noah Evans but we don't
know the middle name so I definitely
want to name the middle name after
someone in my family I'm just not sure
who yet but yeah this is the most boring
live-streamed ever so no offense taken
if you guys all like sign off someone
said she's Bailey Brooks said she's
pregnant I am not pregnant
um okay how's your shoulder doing I keep
seeing that question it's going really
fast but I keep saying how's your
shoulder good right my shoulder is not
the best a few weeks ago I got a bunch
of injections of my own blood it's that
they put chemicals in and they injected
into the tears in my rotator cuff I have
three tears inside of my rotator cuff
one really big one to lilt islands and
that was the most painful thing I've
ever done in my life and I couldn't use
my arm for
two days straight like couldnt even pull
up my underwear couldn't put pants on I
had to wake Josh up in the morning when
I was getting ready for work just so you
could help me put on clothes and like my
bra like I couldn't do anything and that
was awful but now it's back to how it
was before I got those shots like the
shot pain and the blood injection pain
is gone but now it's like just like oh
yeah I have tears my rotator cuff so
little things like it's crazy little
things that like I always took for
granted my whole life and now I'm like
wow I don't even remember what that's
like like texting on my phone it's like
holding my phone like this for longer
than three minutes like and my whole arm
starts to get really really sore editing
is like not an option um even clapping
like I can't clap like it hurts this arm
to clap like little things that I used
to like obviously you just don't even
think about it now I'm like oh I can't
do that it hurts I could do it it just
really hurts and then my my arm and my
muscles and shoulders start spasming so
I'm just like more annoying than
anything else I think I'm gonna have to
get a surgery but I'm avoiding it so a
lot of you're saying where your sling
and I do have a sling um I'm not
supposed to wear it like my doctor said
don't wear it because it could freeze
the muscles and that's not healthy I'm
supposed to be moving my arm around I'm
just not supposed to be using my arm or
something I don't know I don't
understand science but I can't say that
I'm getting really hot so I'm gonna take
this I think Josh just got home
that's good news
um but it means he's gonna make me get
off the livestream whoo oh my god
decision I got it he's really allowed
downstairs
um oh my god you guys I really can't
read these are going too fast
Haley Sawyer said why Vancouver and not
LA I'm moving to Vancouver and I'm
shooting my show in Vancouver and not in
Los Angeles and it's for a few different
reasons but one of the reasons one of
the main reasons is
Miranda is from Tacoma Washington if
you've been watching Miranda for a long
time you know that Miranda is from
Tacoma Washington and so since this
shows about Miranda we need to see where
that she needs to stay true to Miranda
and there are lots of palm trees in LA
and there are not a lot of palm trees in
Tacoma Washington it's cold and rainy
and cloudy and so there's a few
different hubs that like people shoot TV
shows and movies at that are like oh
this is there's a lot of production here
and Vancouver is one of those places and
it's cheap to shoot up there and we need
to save money so we're shooting in
Vancouver because it looks how we wanted
to look so I feel like I'm already
giving you guys way too much information
like I am positive Netflix is gonna call
me tomorrow I'll be like Colleen what
are you doing just kidding they're the
best they would never like be mad at me
they're really sweet um however my
producers pretty guy um Valerie said I
just took a shot and I'm naked that's
amazing um it's only Aussie set a home
goodness I'm not gonna get it deep into
this that said do you hate Donald Trump
or okay with him I don't know I'm not
gonna get deep into this cuz I don't
want to get into politics because I
think everyone should just love each
other and be nice and be happy um I
don't agree with a lot of the things
that Donald Trump stands for so I'm not
a big fan and I don't like violence and
I don't like I don't like I I'm really
I'm I'm really supportive of the LGBT
community and equality and women's
rights and all of that like I'm very
supportive of that all of that and and
equality for all not just for one race
but for all races and just like stuff
like that like there's a lot of stuff
that I'm like really strong and
passionate about
and he has some opposing views on stuff
like that and so I'm not the biggest fan
but I also I'm not extremely educated on
politics and so I don't want to like
take a stance to make a huge statement
on anything I just want to say like I
don't really agree with a lot of the
stuff that he has said and a lot of the
things he stands for so I'm gonna
educate myself more on him and on all
the candidates and I will vote
accordingly but I think it's really
important that we all just educate
ourselves and I think it's important
that you don't just believe what you
hear in the media or whatever one news
station you watch I think it's important
to really dive in and educate yourself
unlike so for me baby I'm doing watching
yeah I was alone and I missed you and I
walked alone said no I did work and I
hung out with Rachel Corrie and then I
fell asleep and Rachel left and I was
like I'm not gonna dance them mm-hmm
this is my husband though hello
there's only 1600 people it's very
intimate hmm you're fern mm-hmm Dutch
what everyone synchotron don't want to
tois just kiss josh live kiss him he's
so attractive Sarah Jane said would you
ever consider going on another reality
show like Dancing with the Stars after
your last experience of the reality TV
um I don't know I don't think so I might
do something like like Dancing the Stars
might be fun I don't know but I we've
been asked to do survivor and Amazing
Race
sounds like well I'm not gonna do it for
someone else I don't think I'd be good
on those game shows because I love those
shows and obviously I'm watching Amazing
Race because Tyler and Korey and I
watched survivor it's as my favorite
show in the world but I don't think I
would be good on those shows I'm really
competitive and I'm a really sore
sir and I'm not athletic so you're very
athletic are you being joking no
everything that we've ever done that
involved athleticism like I don't know
how to do that and then you do it better
than everyone else okay but like I
walked up the stairs and I was out of
breath that's that just means you're a
Bechet yeah I mean I just wouldn't do
all my shows I have no interest in it no
interest I might do something like
dancing I don't know probably not we
were on a reality TV show and then we
like run the meeting about being a
youtuber in short range it's like that's
like job the water - all right
sweetheart let me just look really bad
and it was a horrible experience and I
was crying um yeah that was a horrible
experience I mean you realize that oh
nobody shows aren't real I mean there
are elements of it that were real but um
you found eight mm-hmm so one said I
sound like a robot demon Oh No
is this sound bad oh no that audio it
hold on I'm working on it oh my god
everyone says I sound like a robot okay
what do I do
mm-hmm it got fixed it's better now it's
better now yeah they're all saying it
look at me I'm sent me a video not see
it says it's fixed I'm stressed okay
just tell me if it's crap again guys
okay I'm on Twitter now all right X out
of this
mr. tonight baby don't you do cuz man
he's good
okay my computer is doing that like
annoying thing where it starts to
overheat and it's like I hate it when
does it stresses me out okay are you on
the wall
same old same old tomorrow is a workday
and hopefully some exciting things are
happening tomorrow
writing tomorrow after them after it's
Thursday um I don't remember I don't
know I have no idea when did you turn
the porn off in the bathroom right when
I came up no turn okay Purdy little
secrets
Joetta said are you gonna need extras
for netflix of course we're gonna need
the extras but I think I don't have any
control over that unfortunately but that
kind of gives me a good idea thank you
and I might talk to some people but
there is I I just you guys know I have
been very like adamant with people over
there being like hey how can we get my
viewers involved in this TV show and we
have some cool ideas so hopefully you
guys will be hearing about that stuff
soon I'm looking for you like James
Disney day soon it's always nice running
into your two magical Matt Stephanie ray
um wait I should I don't have time but I
want to I love Disney and it's like my
favorite place ever
I think I lost a bunch of yours during
my robot phase so that come stinks would
you rather have a pet unicorn or a
platypus
that was from dy LT w Josh unicorn what
cuz duh
unicorns are cool plot a plot of pies
are cool too but the main clarifies
can't fly unicorn fly it's true and
turbot sure do you guys see sherbert or
sherbet it's sherbet but I've always
said sherbert well you said sure but you
said it right
but I've always I was taught sherbert
which is not right do you guys say
sherbert like rainbow sherbert there's
no harm I know I don't know why I see
you like that I don't know who taught me
that but I totally thought it was
sherbert like my whole life and I just
realized it's sherbet and it's like I
can't say it that way it sounds weird
you were saying sherbert don't be too
but don't all striking that just one
eyeball was there then you sit up on
your lap is it robotic again
is it robot Eng someone said it's a
robot I am Lucy cow 14 said any plans
for Easter I'm hoping to go to my mom's
house for Easter your hold on your
scruff is really poking me there you go
lay down
we're hoping to go to my mom's house for
Easter I love Easter
I love holidays just basically you could
say any holiday I'm like I love that's
my favorite holiday but a plan is to
spend Easter with family dyeing Easter
eggs and Easter egg hunts and games and
barbecue and all that sand stuff which I
really need so I hope that we get to go
people are saying sherbert I didn't know
more people say sherbert Indians say
Sharbot that's from van's Cooper 9 Oh
your picture is with superwoman um my
girlfriend Lily sherbet okay miss Erika
said will you ever change your hair
color if so what color I can't change my
heart color anytime soon but I feel like
I finally gained the courage to dye my
hair and I figured out a way I could dye
my hair maybe your scruff is so pokey
here lay down now you just have to get
this in the way come back come back are
you going okay um mr. hurry up yeah oh I
finally gained the confidence I was like
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna dye my hair
purple and I'm a bleach it blonde and
I'm diet purple and sunny purple I'm
gonna do it and then Josh was like clean
Miranda would never have purple hair and
I was like dang it you're totally right
so then I realized I couldn't do that
and then I thought wait if I film like a
month's worth of Miranda videos and have
them right then I could dye my hair and
have purple her for like a month and
then I found out about this
Netflix schedule and I was like I can't
dye my hair for like pretty much for us
this year it has to stay the same so I
mean I'm boring
basic hair for like pretty much an
entire year
Francine May one two three said when are
we gonna get that Josh Lee makeout
footage I don't have that Josh has that
Josh juice did you delete it he lost it
so I don't know guys um one at a time
that's footage your footage of what BAM
are you talking about Wendy did you fill
me creeper oil do what you do when did
we make out for a video ten minutes ago
thanks for hanging out with me guys I
know this is a totally lame live stream
there's no reason to do it except that I
just wanted to hang out with you guys
and since I don't really get to talk too
much during the day since I'm in the
office it's nice to like talk to you
here um Julie oh uh yeah a yaaaas and
when are you going to collab with Tyler
Oakley I don't know he's so busy and I'm
so busy we don't have plans to and
talked in a while but it made me think
I'm putting sorry just seeing his name
pop up and then wildin livestream I
remember I was doing the livestream
years ago maybe four years ago and I was
at this old condo that I lived in um
like Josh and I weren't even living
together at that point and I was doing
the livestream and I remember Tyler was
watching and I watched Tyler Oakley's
videos all the time and I was like Tyler
Oakley's watching what like I totally
didn't believe it was him
and he's like yeah I'm watching and it
like blew my mind that Tyler Oakley was
watching my videos but at the time we
had like the same amount of subscribers
like the Miranda Channel on his channel
at the same amount which it wasn't that
many and I was just like blown away that
who's watching my videos because I had
been watching him for years anyway love
you too baby
I hope I can do live streams on set I
wonder if I'll be allowed another gonna
have a lot of strict rules about what I
can film and what I can when I am on
side it would be cool to be able to like
live share in my trailer
yeah your hair so light it's so Larry
now it's like got white tips just took
off his pants yeah you know my pants no
pants no mental patients javis isn't
wearing pants but we're wearing shirts
but we're not cool we definitely Josh
and I both wear shirt and underwear to
bed like we typically no pants no tanks
no pants at the parties no pants you can
wear this as a skirt to my shirt all
right okay film that I'll show that it
comes Joshua is wearing my shirt now
turn around turn around
I got jeans
they know chili dance Bojangles
how are you 1517 OH
hmm she's coming downstairs
we've been downstairs you could you get
me a glass of water yeah here you want
these this one so we don't dirty a cup
right thanks baby
yes please someone needs a shave round
bit story of my life what I swear to you
listen I just need to preach for a
moment for all the hairy ladies out
there if you have dark hair and if
you've curlier yours life sucks as a
female like I will shave my legs and my
armpits and I'm not kidding like ten
minutes later it's like grown back and I
could French braid it like I hate it and
I want to do laser hair removal but I
don't have time to go get it done but
like literally shave my armpits
yesterday and it looks like I haven't
shaved them in three months it looks
like I just went and did survivor and
came home and like my hair is fully
grown out and you could put it in
dreadlocks or in braids like hate it and
you know it might make fun of me but I
know there's some things out there who
can relate to this problem and maybe you
like it and that's fine like let it be
and let it live free but I personally am
NOT a fan of hair so like it's really
annoying
I'm looking at your tweets everybody
cookies and Kelleen said hi what did you
think about my Ballinger full house
video I made it was incredible if you
guys haven't seen that you guys should
go check it out like I think you can
just search like Ballinger full house or
something like that but it's really
funny it's a really good like I loved it
Colin M arc on music 1301 said if you if
you two didn't work out would you
consider doing Broadway maybe I think I
would always consider doing Broadway
like even if YouTube is working out if
someone like some company on Broadway
asked me to do it I might consider it
the thing is like Broadway's really hard
like eight shows a week I don't think
that I am vocally capable of doing
something like that I think I have an
okay voice but I don't think that it my
voice is strong enough to be able to do
a Broadway show like that's a lot so I
don't know I don't think I don't think
that world is for me I love to sing but
I don't think I could do eight shows a
week but maybe I could I don't know if
you YouTube didn't work out like if
everyone stopped watching my videos
tomorrow and everyone's like ma Biche
like we're over it and then my Netflix
show came out and everyone was like sure
I've ever seen and everyone hates me and
like no one bought to kiss my shows
anymore I think I would be like that's
okay like I had a great run I loved what
I got to do and I'm grateful for the
people who watch my videos when I did
wash my videos and I think I'm good to
be your mom and start a company and I
wanna start a new company where I do
theater for an art like for
underprivileged kids like either a it's
a free place that you can go after
school and just learn about theater and
arts and be like just accepted whoever
you are if your home life sucks you just
come to my camp and like we can do
theater and sing and dance and paint and
play game isn't like that is like
something I've wanted to do since I was
a little girl so when all this goes to
poo and no one watches me anymore then
that's something I've always wanted to
do maybe that's when I would do that
we'll see I don't know we're not there
yet
my baby's back Jaylyn forsythia said
would you ever come consider coming to
Brisbane Australia I've been doc
Brisbane three times and I love it for
his Bennett is I love all of Australia
but I think Breslin might be my favorite
place in Australia just cuz every time
I've been there I've had amazing an
amazing time there wedding beautiful
everything's pretty well
Britain's awesome like a mall but I
don't know Sydney Melbourne Brisbane we
went to Perth Auckland yeah Josh loves
New Zealand I do too but Josh like is
obsessed
Lizzy Keene said what about Amsterdam
listen Amsterdam is like Amsterdam is so
incredible like for sure in my top three
places I've ever toured to in the world
like Amsterdam is incredible and I'm
dying to go back and later this year I'm
hoping to do some fun stuff overseas and
if that happens I don't have plans again
I'm so damned but I know I'm gonna be
like find a day off for me because I
need to go to Amsterdam
like that's how obsessed I am with the
industry so if you're from Amsterdam I'm
really jealous cuz it's the coolest
place in the world and if any of you
guys watching I'm ready to travel over
it in your Amsterdam like go because it
is the most magical place
but answer one more question and then
I'm gonna go to bed so I'm just checking
Twitter for a good one okay and just
scroll went on through just reading my
tweet me beat me if you want to reach me
and just trying to find a good final
quick Jean guys all these questions like
just come to my say come to my city
let's see some questions it might be my
Twitter's by now so something about you
yeah okay we'll do this one i underscore
love underscore youtube underscore said
have you ever been embarrassed at school
yes many times let me pick one depends
we do high school or should we do
college have I ever been embarrassed at
school in high school there's um there's
so many stories I mean I feel like
everyone's been embarrassed in school
but I won't hear one of your stories to
babe so in high school the first thing
that's popping to my brain although I
was embarrassed a lot is this one time I
did not have any boobies in high school
not at all I was part of the IB TC Club
which is eighty bitty titty committee
and like literally flat like nothing and
boys used to make fun of me for that all
the time and I remember one day very
specifically I was in theater
and there's a bunch of boys and I was
wearing a shirt that was really ugly but
I didn't know it was ugly I thought it
was cool at the time and then I didn't
realize and so every time you know it
was ugly but we called it the purple
astroturf shirt like it was kind of
fuzzy like it was like purple like a
bright purple color and it was fuzzy but
it was almost like the same texture as
astroturf if you guys don't know what
that is it's like fake grass and so I
was wearing this shirt that was like
that I thought it was really cute but
apparently it wasn't
and so these boys in theater came up to
me and started talking to me and I was
nervous cuz like oh my god boys were
talking to me and I was really excited
but really they came over to make fun of
me and they called me mosquito bites
because my boobs were so small they look
like mosquito bites and they're making
fun of me for that
and then they're saying you're so
flat-chested I love your astroturf shirt
you're so flat-chested we could play
football on your chest like they were
just being like big old jerks and we're
making fun of me and like bullying me
about how I didn't have boobs in front
of everyone and i was super-embarrassed
and like didn't even stand up for myself
or anything I just kind of sat there and
was like in my purple astroturf shirt in
my braces and my ugliness but I was
super super super embarrassed so that
sticks out to me is like one moment that
I was really embarrassing it really like
kind of scarred me a little bit just cuz
like they were so it was like these boys
were just such buttholes
and now someone did that to me I'd be
like whatever your wiener is small go
get a life like it wouldn't bug me now
but I wish that I had that confidence
now I like to do that or I wish are that
confident the confidence that I have now
I wish I hadn't been instead I could
have like stuck up for myself in like
whatever I love my body get over
yourself you're just jealous cuz he'll
never get to touch it but I of course
just felt bad about myself and cried
umm and then Josh told me once he told a
girl he called a girl mosquito bites and
it made my heart hurt sounds like a boy
said that to me and it broke my heart
but you didn't say to her face right
yeah it wasn't like the same situation
is what happened to me it was like they
were all teasing each other when I found
that I was like
never see that you were cruel because it
like scarred me so bad um what's an
embarrassing moment from you in school
you were never embarrassed something my
whole high school life was embarrassment
that I try to run from say one I was on
you compete one of the people that were
inside this room and I didn't know that
there was a black store and I ran and
left through the doorframe thinking I
was gonna land in the middle of everyone
like say something silly and I hate in a
blank the roadrunner cartoon and like
splat it against the glass door and
literally knocked myself out knocked it
off the hinges like my nose was swollen
and I woke up and everything was around
me and you were embarrassed but I was
embarrassed at the same time I was like
oh and you love that attention yeah
everyone loves that attention yeah
alrighty we're gonna go to sleep I have
to wake up soon and go to work I love
the guys things hanging out with me for
a little bit YouTube it and I'll steal
away
