hi guys so I'm gonna vlog I forgot my
blog because typical me works youtuber
in the universe but I do have my phone
so if you want to watch a crappy version
of a vlog on my phone you're in luck
we are in Chicago right now on our way
to Grand Rapids I have a show in Grand
Rapids Michigan tomorrow and I'm brought
my mother because she's awesome and I
brought Corey because he's my assistant
and we're all matching apparently when
you come on a Rena sings to her you wear
shirt
so that's call we made it to Grand
Rapids Michigan and I decided that I
wanted to bedazzle a shirt so that is
what I am currently doing and I'm doing
it a really professional way with a glue
gun yeah and we are watching full house
and we just ordered room service because
that is my favorite thing in the world
to do I'm gonna go to bed soon maybe I'm
just thought about doing maybe doing a
live stream so maybe I'll do that thing
go to bed I don't know um but yeah the
show's tomorrow I'm really excited about
it it's gonna be lots of fun
and I'm gonna say goodnight for right
now but I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow
all right guys it is the next day and we
are at some Museum Butterfly
Conservatory plays since this time
around my main greet is after the show
so I don't have to be at the theater
until 4:00 which means we have the
afternoon free so that's what we're
doing and it's packed this Saturday it
is happen up in Grand Rapids Michigan
whoa what is this call
a cat toss never have I seen such a
beautiful thing this is our groceries
display a trowel okay we are in the
caterpillar room and right now I'm
growing caterpillars into butterflies at
my house so I'm like living for this
moment because I've already watched the
process in my own kitchen they're
already in the little cocoons well I
wanna show you this Oh mother nature you
get me every time
this queen she's like that I'm just
stepping down okay we're about to enter
into the butterfly dreamland oh my god I
can see them
butterfly in the sky I can go twice as
high take a look if it up book a Reading
Rainbow currents to Noah and ways to
grow a Reading Rainbow
I just tried for like a good 10-15
minutes to get one to land on me and
failed miserably I apparently am not
that sweet they don't like my the scent
of my skin that's all I wanted my whole
life is for a butterfly to land on me
are you almost just got one we are
making progress one landed on my boot
good a flew way before I could see it so
they like my boots well we're getting
somewhere with these things no I want to
get a selfie with one ooh almost
I'm going to get a selfie with one of
these freaking butterflies if it's the
last thing I do
come on butterflies you got to get a
selfie it's for snapchat get over here
they do not want to selfie with me guys
okay we are at the theater but it's not
a theater it's a church how crazy is
that I'm performing in an old church
which feels a little sacrilegious
considering how stupid and dumb Rand is
and I'm going to be burping and like
that let's go through the show um
we'll do a Q - Q I won't do the whole
thing just it'll take us 20 minutes um
so yeah we're gonna start and here we go
ah all right um I just got stage
obviously you can tell because I'm still
Miranda that was so much fun oh my god I
am so obsessed with performing it's like
aah oh my god okay so I just want to
take a second I'm about to go do the
meet great but I have lipstick on my
nose
cool um and say that uh you know I've
get to do a lot of cool things with this
job I get to make youtube videos I get
to read you guys's comments I get to go
into work every single day in my office
and write my Netflix show and I'm going
to star in it Netflix original series
and there's all these cool things that I
get to do but truly and I mean this 100%
my favorite thing in the whole world is
getting on stage and performing like
there's nothing ever will top it nothing
like it is my favorite I feel like the
last few weeks have been really
overwhelmed and really stressed out and
really tired and haven't been sleeping
and I go to work every day and it's hard
like it's really hard work getting this
Netflix show and then also trying to
keep up with YouTube videos I feel like
I'm drowning and to be able to go on
stage tonight and perform for an
audience of like just killer amazing
people just like recharge my batteries
and I feel so good and so happy and I
just love it so I just wanted to say
thank you to anyone who's ever come to
one of my shows like you guys are
amazing and if you guys didn't buy
tickets to my shows and you didn't come
to my shows like I wouldn't be able to
be as happy as I am in life because that
is what makes me the happiest performing
live and family of course but um yeah I
just feel so good I feel so happy and I
just I'm so bummed that my next show
isn't for a whole month
um I have a show in Washington DC in a
month and then I'm in Nashville and then
hopefully I'm gonna do a couple tours
later this year but um yeah I think it's
time to go do a meet and greet so I have
to go but she wanted to say I had so
much fun tonight and if you came showing
Grand Rapids thank you for coming I love
you and you've ever come to a show thank
you because it's my favorite thing in
the world and I just feel so happy and I
just want to get on stage tomorrow night
and the next night in the next night
forever because it's so much fun okay
love you guys bye
