I feel like each force no supposed to go
come out with my channel Cal oh well you
could they probably like it if you came
out with your junk out oh we won yeah
although no one I don't think is
watching X I haven't tweeted a Hawking
um as you can see I look like a monster
I just put on foundation and um I don't
on um sorry I just have foundation on
and I sort of filled in my eyebrows but
I was gonna put on makeup and I was like
you know what I used to do the bathroom
banter videos all the time where I would
like sit and talk to you guys as I put
on my makeup or whatever I look really
um and I feel like doing that today and
so if you don't want to just sit and
this is probably gonna be boring I'm
just gonna be straight up and honest
with you guys this is gonna be boring
like I'm literally just gonna be putting
on my makeup and talking and like
talking about nothing I don't have
anything exciting to say or announce or
talk about um but I just really like
doing live streams and I like talking
you guys so um if you want to stick
around and hang out while I put on
makeup and get ready for the day you can
and if not I won't be offended because
like I said this is probably boring I'm
just gonna be putting on makeup so put
on foundation mmm just tell you where I
am I am in um Vegas right now with Josh
and we are here huh good guys my arm
hurts so bad like reach to get um colors
as painful so I'm in Vegas with Josh
right now because for Valentine's Day
he got me um tickets to see Celine Dion
because Celine Dion is like Queen of the
Universe and it's always been a dream of
mine to see her live and so Joshua is an
amazing husband and went ahead and
bought us tickets to see her show
tonight so it's kind of a crazy it's
been crazy like I can't believe like a
right now it feels a little surreal
because we are both kind of a mess right
now
my schedules been so insane and I know I
tries to talk about it all the time and
I hear my
self and I'm annoying myself so I'm
sorry if I'm bugging guys annoying you
but my schedules been crazy I went from
you know working hard doing YouTube
where I was posting four videos a week
and sometimes vlogging and clapping with
people and shoots and um posting and
promoting and all stuff like YouTube
which is a full-time job and I know that
the people watching this right now
um this is on my vlog Channel and like
people watching on our like the people
who really are diehard YouTube youtubers
and people who like watch YouTube and
are in this community so you get it you
know that YouTube is like really is a
full-time job
um so I went from doing that to now
we're writing the Netflix Miranda sings
show and so I went from one full-time
job to now I have two full-time jobs so
I go to the office every day from 10:00
to like 7:00 um and we work through
lunch we work through dinner like
because we have so much stuff to get
done for this TV show so like we just
order food in and we like keep working
as we're eating um and then I get home
from work and that's when I do my
YouTube stuff so when I get home from
work at like 7:00 I'll rest for like a
half an hour and then I'll film videos
I'll edit videos I'll answer emails so
life has been pretty hectic lately um
and on top of that my shoulder injury
has been getting worse and I've been
going to the doctor and they found three
tears in my rotator cuff so I have full
out rips in my rotator cuff now normally
what you do when you have that is you go
and get a surgery and you get them soda
and I don't have time for that right now
because um I have to be able to have an
arm that's usable on set when we start
shooting the show so for me that's not
an option right now so I've been going
to a lot of different doctors a lot of
different specialists and like trying to
figure out what my solutions are because
I can't get the surgery after we shoot
and hopefully we can avoid the surgery
altogether so been trying all this
different types of therapy and different
weird things I've been getting lots of
shots and trying different things
nothing's been working and the two
but have been getting worse and so this
week I went and got um this one type of
I don't know if it's we would call it
therapy I don't know what it would be
called its it was horrible and um what
they did um was I guess it's like not
even an easy to find here in like its
most doctors don't even do this so um
red flag but I'm trying anything at this
point like the only thing I haven't
tried up until now is a surgery and
acupuncture so I'm gonna try acupuncture
next and then I'm going to probably do
the surgery right after my show so what
they did basically was they um drew a
bunch of blood which is not easy for me
to produce I'm a pretty like small girl
and I don't drink enough water and so
for them to draw blood it took forever
and it was really painful because I
don't have much to offer so like it
wasn't my blood wouldn't even come out
so that was a process um and then um so
then they drew my blood and um that's a
pretty color
they drew my blood and then they spun
the blood really fast like they put
stuff in it and I did all this stuff to
my blood and then they injected the
blood
straight into the tears so like they
took an ultrasound and went and found
where the tears were in my rotator cuff
and they stuck the needle and me and
injected my own blood into my muscles
and apparently it's supposed to like
help repair it or something I don't know
it's not guaranteed results like it
might not work probably won't work um
but this point I'm trying anything the
one thing I was not ready for was the
fact that it would be excruciating ly
painful like I I can't even like there's
not words to explain how much it hurt it
hurts so bad and Josh was watching on
ultra settings and when he injected
Stephanie
tears he saw the tears like kind of
explode and expand so imagine having
like a little cut like on your arm
okay and then someone going putting
something into the cut that you have and
like spreading it open and so like
that's essentially what was going on in
my muscle that's at least how it felt
that's what looked like um and also it's
on a muscle that you have to have use
your arm like if it was in my bicep or
if it was in like some outer muscle it
would still hurt but it wouldn't be as
bad the rotator cuff completely it holds
up your arm any movement you make at all
of your arm you could not do without
your rotator cuff it's very important
that it's working and so my entire arm
is like has always been in pain and my
shoulder but now that he did the doctor
did that it's supposed to hurt at first
he said it's a post it hurt you're
supposed to be uncomfortable and then
hopefully your body will fix itself and
repair itself and we're hoping that the
tears will fix themselves hopefully but
that being said right now I'm in the
stage where it just hurts and like
there's no relief like I take pain pills
and I ice my arm and I like try it I put
a head in a sling all day yesterday and
all the day before just trying to not
move it but my doctor also said don't
just keep it in a sling because that'll
freeze all the muscles in that's really
bad for it so you need to be moving your
arm around so I'm trying to use it a
little bit today and I took pain pills
this morning so um but anyway that's
what's going on with my arm because a
lot of you guys were asking about it and
I wanted to fill you in um OH anyway all
about to say um that happened to me a
couple days ago
so I'm in like a little bit of misery
and then Joshua yesterday was barfing
all day long he got super sick we don't
know why we just barfing all day and
then I got home from work I'm in like
excruciating pain had a long day at work
and then it's like oh let's go to Vegas
it was just kind of weird but we're so
glad we're here having a lot of fun and
today is gonna be great um yeah it was
are you it was weird it's been a weird
week I've been in a lot of pain
um and I'm sick of complaining about it
too like I'm sick of talking about it I
wish it was like not the case like I
could tell josh is getting like okay
clearly get it your arm is hurting like
you talk about all the time you've been
talking about it for a year and a half
how your arm hurts your arm hurts um but
I feel like people don't believe me like
they think I'm lying or they think I'm
like being dramatic about it or
something but Josh came with me to the
doctor and I'm sure since he did that
he's like oh my god like I say I knew
you weren't lying but like there's
something about seeing it it's like like
I guess I didn't really believe it until
I saw like physically saw the tears in
your rotator cuff and I heard the doctor
like say like this is really bad and um
he's like now I know like you're in a
lot of pain like I did I don't know it
was nice to hear that because I feel
like I'm annoying everyone talking about
it all the time and I don't know I'm
just feeling annoying and I'm sick of it
like when we left the doctor I was
crying and not just because I mean I was
in pain so I was crying I was in so much
pain there those were crying cause I'm
just like sick of it like I just want to
be able to use my arm like I don't
remember this house like I hate this I
don't remember what it was like to write
my name and it not hurt that's awful
like that's so annoying and I it made me
so frustrated like I just want it to be
better I just want to use my arm and not
hurt I want to be able to put on my
makeup and not feel tinge of pain every
time I like move the brush like just so
obnoxious and it's kind of point where
I'm just used to it like I'm like oh
yeah putting on my makeup or doing my
hair it hurts it's gonna hurt um so
anyway but today I'm better than I was
yesterday I'm gonna stop complaining now
let's talk about something else um today
is better than yesterday today I can put
on my makeup yesterday I couldn't put on
makeup I couldn't move my arm at all so
today's better which is great me so
we're on a good track we're on the right
track
um so hey that's my life right now um so
today we are in Vegas and we're gonna go
walk on the strip and maybe do some
shopping and um
yeah don't worry Josh's blogging at all
I thought about vlogging but um I don't
know you guys don't know how bad I am at
vlogging suck um but I've got a lot of
really fun exciting videos coming up
this is how I do my makeup bag put it on
then I like wipe it off um I've got a
lot of really exciting videos coming up
that I'm super stoked to show share with
you guys um there's a Miranda video
coming out Monday that I think it's
gonna be really funny um I'm excited to
show you guys and um you guys wanted a
story time video so I'm gonna have to
film a story time video today maybe I'll
give you a little tidbit of that
information right now she is owning her
story right now what he is want me to
talk about I'm gonna check my Twitter in
one minute so be tweeting me um what you
want me to talk about right now if you
want me to tell you guys a story if you
want me to talk about something specific
like Netflix or my youtube videos or my
family or whatever you guys want um let
me know my trip my Twitter I'm drinking
my coffee hold on I'm gonna watch that
later
um story time - damn donut everyone
wants a story okay let me see which
stories you guys wanted on my lip um I
did a little poll yesterday to see what
storytime I should tell on Tuesday okay
so oh my god it was close drinking at
church was number one my boyfriend stole
my arm I bet my best friend stole my
boyfriend is number two okay so I'm
going to do drinking at church for
Tuesday I'm actually really nervous
about telling a story because um I'm
basically going to call some people all
in it I'm gonna try to avoid it as much
as I can but like that story I didn't I
don't think I've ever talked about it
before and it's really frustrating story
because I don't know it's I feel like a
lot of people are gonna relate to it
like my audience tends to be like
younger and it's one of those situations
where adults
um like decided what the kids were doing
and like we got in trouble I got in
trouble for something I didn't do and
adults didn't believe me and I just got
in huge trouble and like it was I don't
know I don't want to give it away so
like you have to wait till Tuesday but I
feel like it's something that's gonna be
really relatable because I feel like it
happens a lot weird ultra like I'm
smarter than you I know better than you
and I know that you're lying even though
I wasn't lying and so it was a really
frustrating situation I got in huge
trouble and I'm probably gonna get in
trouble talking about it like honestly
even though it's been like ten years um
because it was like a really big deal
anyway I'm excited for that video but I
basically probably just confused the
crap out of all of you because I did not
make any sense why I just said okay
story time okay I've got a great story
right now and I will probably retell
this story in more detail on my main
channel because I think it's a really
good story time video but it's the
second most liked one it's my best
friend stole my boyfriend yeah
I'm not going to give any names
obviously for obvious reasons but also
because this girl that this story's
about um how much information I want to
give out this girl that the story is
about scares me and it's to the point
where if she watched I'd be really
afraid of what she would do like like
and not just like she'd be mad like I'd
be afraid of what she would do big time
so I have to be really careful when I
tell this story so I'm I don't know if
I'll ever do an actual story huh I want
to do start gently oh my god I'm talking
so much it's a bangles um so this story
so there's this boy that I really really
liked in high school this is a true
story you guys probably aren't going to
believe me but this is a true story and
I'm going to try to give you a shorter
version so that I can tell you the
longer version on our YouTube video
because it's a pretty intense story I
was telling the other day to my writers
because we're trying to write a
character and I was like no think well
this happened to me and I told this one
story and my writers were like what that
happened to you what a bitch like they
couldn't believe this was a true story
excuse my language
so um I was I had this friend or let me
have a sorry okay this is boy that I
really liked in high school and I liked
him for years like like I was in love
with him like big-time thought he was
amazing
well I guess as in love as you get in
high school um so I really love this guy
a big old crush on him and I had crush
on him since a damn a time like I
remember the day that I met him or the
day that I saw him he walked in this
room and I saw him and I was like it was
the first time I'd ever had like a crush
kind of like my first time really having
a crush was Josh like that was the first
time I really got like crazy butterflies
but um this guy walked in the room and I
remember I was 14 and my stomach I felt
like weird and I was like oh my god why
do I feel like I'm I throw up a little
bit why do I feel like I need AB
diarrhea what's going on and then I
realized oh I think I like that boy I
think he's cute like and soon way you
like didn't a huge crush on him and I
was kind of I wasn't shy I was just kind
of weird like in high school like I was
just gonna weird like and so I I was
also really insecure and so I was like
afraid to talk to him or whatever and I
knew he wouldn't like me so it's like
well I'm not gonna ever say anything so
I never told anyone that I liked him I
finally told this one person and um this
one friend of mine and she was like oh
my god I won't tell anyone but oh my god
you have to do something we have to get
you guys together we have to get you
guys to date and so I was like oh my god
I'm so excited this friend like really
wants me to view this boy how exciting
like and I was nervous I was scared and
she's like okay I'm gonna talk to him
and I'm gonna get him to like like you
I'm gonna I'm gonna make this happen and
I was like oh my god I'm so excited
so she um she talks I can't remember
like the full story I try to block it
through my brain because it was so awful
but basically she um
she talked him on the phone one night
and she called me right after and she's
like oh my god I'm gonna get him to
blankey this is great like he knows that
you like him and which was the first
betrayal because I was like you told him
that I liked
him and she was like yeah and I was like
I told you not to tell anyone and this
is like by the way this isn't like I was
14 and it happened like a week later
this is years later so like I had a
crush on this guy for years and he
didn't know and um I'd never told anyone
so she told this guy that I had a crush
on for years like first betrayal she
went ahead and just told him when I said
don't tell him so she told him that I
crush on him so that was number one and
I was like he told him and I was really
upset and um she was like yeah I told
him like how am I gonna get like you if
he is know you like him and I was like
oh my god I'm so embarrassed but I was
like whatever so then um she like kept
saying she was working on it at school
she would be like I'm talking him at
lunch and like I'm gonna get him to like
you all this stuff and then so that I'm
gonna skip a bunch of the story
basically what happened was one night
she called me and she's like hey I went
over to his house tonight and I was like
oh yeah how'd it go she's like and she
started laughing I was like okay what
happened and she just started laughing
she can sell like she was like oh my god
is so funny and I was like what she's
like
we hooked up I was like what she's like
yeah we hooked up it turns out that you
know he likes me so we ended up making
out and then she told me all the details
of this stuff they did which is like a
lot more than just making out and this
is a guy that I was like I had been like
in love with for like three years and
she was like she was my friend like she
was my very close friend was like one of
my only friends and she told me she was
like gonna go and make him like me and
she ended up going in like hooking up
with him like all night and and she's
just laughing she was like yeah is that
funny and I didn't want her to think I
was mad at her so it's just like oh yeah
that's funny
like and I didn't even Hollywood think I
even did anything like I don't think I
was such a
I was scared of her and like scared of
what I don't know I just I was like okay
yeah that's funny I like didn't do
anything about it but I don't know it
was horrible
so basically that is my story about her
and maybe I'll make a story like a full
story time video like is I'm not scared
to like come out and talk about that
situation because it was not the best
umm but yeah that's my story about that
so now it should talk about here's one
another story I don't know what I'm
doing my eyes I just keep getting worse
and worse this is what happens when I'm
talking during my makeup I just like end
up making a huge mess I don't even know
what is going off my eyes right now -
horrible
okay so I'm gonna check my Twitter and
tell me what you guys want to hear now
another story or do you want to talk
about something else oh you talk about
other high school stories or college
stories um I'm gonna check my Twitter
and see what you guys say
and if you want to hear that like um if
that's if you wanna hear that story fall
out my youtube channel too and see oh my
gosh so many comments you guys are the
best oh my god no way
Carmen Miranda my friend I said Colleen
I'm having the same problem right now oh
my god he's my boyfriend and I know
they're cheating on me oh my god has
worst that happened to me in middle
school I can't like this happens all the
time
oh my god people are horrible like how
are people like that in the world look I
would never do that I would never talk
to my friend in here like oh they have a
crush on this person and they've liked
him for years like I'm gonna go hook up
with him because it'll be funny like I
can't even imagine even thinking that um
yeah that's crazy I can't believe that
happens to a lot of people that's what I
like the story time videos like I only
did that one like I've kind of told
stories and other things but like I
really enjoyed telling the story about
how my boyfriend cheated on me because I
got all these like stories like everyone
else was commenting and writing me like
oh my god the same thing happened to me
that's crazy like I everyone had
our situation so I don't know it was
that's why I like doing those because it
makes you feel like not alone it makes
for like oh my god that happened someone
else - it's crazy
um tell your worst date story I think
I've told this before but I'll tell it
again so perform at Josh OH
eyeliner is the words before I met Josh
um I had a couple boyfriends but none
none or like I never felt the way that I
feel with Josh with anyone else and um
this one guy I worked with so because I
have a really bad date story just turned
to my eyes so um it's one guy that I
worked with I worked at a restaurant a
long time ago and this one guy I worked
with his like asked me out every day
like for months and I guess a no I
wasn't interested like I just gotten out
of relationship or I won't even remember
I just didn't want to date him I wasn't
interested um and he kept like begging
and he wouldn't stop like he was not
going to give up he was never gonna give
up he wanted to go on today until
finally it's so hard to tell a story in
pro my makeup seemed to him oh my god so
the suspense is real so finally one day
I was like okay fine
we wanna date like wow that's exciting
for him to have a girl be like fine but
I said fine and um so he's like planned
this big date I was like not when I go
and I told him I was like I'll go on a
date with you but it's as friends like
we can go on a date as friends it's like
I don't want a boyfriend I don't wanna
date you I don't want to lead you on so
just you know like this is just as
friends and he was like okay well I'm
gonna change that he thought that he's
been taking out on a date and he's gonna
woo me and like I fall over them which
did not happen
so we get to the date and he was like
okay tell me your worst date story lucky
we're at dinner like on the beach and um
or at a restaurant on the beach and usik
tell me a worst date story and I was
like okay I've got one so I gave it to
this guy college and or I did this guy
Yeah right and when I got into college
and he took me to a beach and like laid
out all these candles and flower petals
and Link had a boombox like music and it
was like super corny and like really
overly romantic and I was like and that
is so not me
because before I like before I met Josh
the idea of romance made me want to die
like I hated the concept of romance or
um like a romantic dinner like the
thought of that was like my worst
nightmare before I met Josh um I don't
know why I just didn't like it like the
thought of it made me grossed out and I
think it's just because I hadn't met the
right person yet so the sky oh my god
guys I'm sorry I know this is
frustrating listen tell a story like in
bits and pieces couldn't rent it on the
makeup um okay but I'm doing my events
and I'll be fast
okay so I was like this guy took me on
this date and was so awkward because he
like wanted to woo me with romance but
that is so not me grossed me out it's so
weird
like I hate that stuff I I was like I
was uncomfortable at me and I'm just
sitting there and like in silence
because I would you want to talk to me
cuz I was so uncomfortable
like I hate romantic stuff like I'd
rather do something fun or like to me
romances like I was like just sitting
and talking and like doing it going on
an adventure like going like that's
romance to me like not like rose petals
and dinners like that the thought of
that made me want to die like not
anymore now I love that stuff because
it's with Josh but um and so I'm
explaining it to him and I saw in his
face he's like and like just freaked out
and I was like what like literally for
20 minutes I went on and on and on about
how that is the worst date in the
universe and I would die if someone did
that to me again
and then he after dinner he like
walking's really nervous he walked me
down onto the sand and he had
up like a blanket yeah Rose bells and he
had basically done exactly what I had
just said that I hated and I was like oh
I think is like I'm so embarrassed like
I I set all this up and he's like I was
gonna just say like I would gonna just
not take you down here cuz I was so
embarrassed but like this is all my
stuff and I needed to get my blanket so
it was like I can just pick it up but we
could just go I was like no it's okay we
can stay here and we sat in silence and
it was so awkward
um because I had just told him that that
was like the worst date you could ever
do with me very funny
so that was my worst date experience um
someone said tell us what you're using
on your face right now I'm just doing my
eyes normally doesn't take me this long
but I'm talking so I'm getting
distracted um but on my face I have NARS
sheer glow foundation and oops I just
burned my eyes my eyes I'm using the
Naked 2 palette juries and the tart this
Tarte palette in bloom um
I which I love and the brushes are just
like from Sephora I need to get my
computer charger because my computer's
about to die um oh my goodness see I
told you this this would be boring hold
on I'm going to go to my phone charger
or my computer uh hair spray I don't
think so we should buy some okay what
money oh it's um right
you sit under guys Oh
drugs my arms hurting because I'm using
it so many plants and drugs Wow one
scrap I need to put on mascara I can't
look you guys are still watching this
this is so boring
um okay so the mascara that I me I'm
fine is Mac hot a naughty to black lash
this has always been my favorite I also
like this which is really cheap from
drugstores and I used to like the fiber
stuff um you guys know if you've been
watching me a while that I'm like
obsessed like fiber stuff but it takes a
lot longer to put on you have to go back
and forth between the gel and the fiber
um but anyway um what do you just want
to talk about next tweet me and Ron I'm
doing my mascara alter can see you guys
want me to talk about I'll talk about
edifying I need to take a peel I'm
surprised I'm able to like do this right
now like the fact that I'm able to use
my arm right now it's like amazing
I'm excited oh my god hey you're cute
Josh isn't wearing pants Josh isn't
wearing any panties yeah screenshot
screenshot screenshot okay so where
should we go for instead of Joshua ah
o-tama sushi what's he she there's sushi
here isn't there yeah parents can see
she know what you want yeah sounds great
this might scare not doing what I want
it to right now a little disappointed in
my guys all right check into my tweets
do an emo diary I don't have my emo
diary with me okay beep maybe Josh can
tell a story how long is Josh going out
blew the hair
until it fades away fades away
um I actually when I was I just took a
shower and when I how cute when I was uh
drying it like without product in it
looks lighter and lighter each time
mm-hmm just underneath the blue is
silver and the silver is going to last
longer than the blue so in the blue
phase it's just going to be like silver
so I think that's a really good like
template till I put other colors on
later yeah you said purples I think what
happened er become I do something like
what my shirt is um okay Josh I've been
telling stories I'm doing that story
time with him I told him about how my
best friend hooked up with my boyfriend
we're not my boyfriend it was the guy I
had a crush on in high school and then I
talked about the worst date ever had
which I told you about the first which
makes me feel like it's not your worst
date it's the guys work yeah like it
wasn't a bad day it was a good day yeah
I bet he tells a story like there was
this girl I like there I did all this
thing and she made fun of every single
thing but I didn't do it until I did I
know I know
that must have like been terrible for
him yeah I would have been horrible feel
bad oh god okay so you sell your worst
date they want you to tell starting I
just checked my Twitter the worst date
ever
uh-huh uh I went on a blind date with a
girl in high school uh that my friend
hooked up for me and it was a double
date
and when I picked the girl up I usually
go to the the door meet the parents be
nice I like on stuff right when I got
there she like ran out the door ran
straight to the car before I could even
do anything
got in the car said come on come on
let's go let's go we're late I was like
no or not I'm here early well the whole
time she kept checking her phone and
like she looked panicked and weird the
whole time all that's to get the
Karnataka hello
I'm sorry we'll take it out right now
thank you God wearing so much trouble um
yeah they want you to take it out he's
right outside
he needs a water baby yeah um I've ever
heard this story Josh well I have nice
ones like huh didn't think it was worth
Josh isn't a lot of girlfriends he's had
like a lot so he's gotta loves it like I
feel like every day hears stories from
him about girlfriend I'm like what like
he's had so many girlfriends and they
were all like serious like they were all
serious problems which is opposite of me
like I never had a serious boyfriend
really until Josh I had a lot of like
really good friends that I dated that
were like awesome people but I never had
like serious boyfriends until sheesh wha
can I have that water because my arm
feels like it's in the Falla um nine
thousand people are watching me talk
about nothing this is amazing I love you
guys feels like we're just like hanging
out um yeah Josh had a bajillion
girlfriends before me well you had no
interested in love and I yeah that's all
I could think about shocker right all
right so let's get back to story because
it gets pretty dramatic so this girl who
had just met was like acting weird
rushed the condom didn't tell me why I
kept like just had this weird just when
she was look at her felt like something
was going on I'd be like is everything
okay
things funny things right okay well we
went to a movie and then when we got out
of the movie and again we were still
with my friend and his girlfriend uh all
of a sudden she like starts cussing and
like yelling it went to her friend and
they're like we have to go I was like
why what's going on and then this car
looks around and this her dad basically
gets out of the car big dude and he's
like yelling at her what are you doing I
told you no bullies don't go out you get
any stars custon he said who's the guy
who brought you here and I'm like
up and I looked at my friend I'm like
what do you come on what do you do would
you set me up with a girl that go
anywhere like her dad's like 350 pounds
about to kill me in the movie theater
parking lot and she was she wasn't even
that great that she wasn't you know I'm
saying like it's not like we had a
connection basically um I went up to him
I was like hey it's all good
I had no idea we just went saw a movie I
didn't know any of this information um I
was like and I went to like shake his
hand he said I'm not about to shake your
hand he grabs his daughter by the shirt
pulls her into the car and they oh my
god poor girl it's horrible and I looked
at my friend I'm like holy crap man he's
like oh yay approaced told you about
that her dad's pretty crazy and she like
repels all the time I guess I should
have told you well I got a phone call
later that night and she was like hey my
dad thinks I'm asleep can you meet me at
my neighbor's house that's like four did
you say no I said heck no I'm not I'm
not going back I said you know escape
from death once I'm not gonna try to put
myself back in harm's way again um but
then she started going to my youth group
cuz I was in youth group at the time she
started going she didn't go to this
church she started going for like a
month straight trying to like pursue
things with me I never heard this story
and we never went on another day we
never got kissed or anything but I was
just like what's up with the drama I
just was gonna take you to a movie and
get to know you I don't even like come
on as a blind date you couldn't wait
until you're off of your restriction or
whatever it's called being grounded
question for you my parents never say
you're grounded they said you're on
restriction
that's so weird I never got granted I
was not a bad girl I like stories not
out of your own mouth sneaking around
yeah but they didn't know about it they
did they found you
my parents didn't grab me my parents are
really good at disciplining I feel like
Weaver
they didn't ground like they were just I
don't know explain it
my parents were great parents they were
good at letting me know they were
disappointed in me and since I loved
them like knowing they were disappointed
in me was disciplined like I remember
the first time I cussed in front of my
dad which is normally no I don't I try
to eyes I try not to cuss around my moms
at your house that I'll look at you
after you say it I think you just got
more comfortable in your stand now we
heard all the coffee yeah code I think
that I have gotten better I don't really
cuss around my my mom sometimes but I
remember the first time I cussed oh my
god I was driving and um I was learning
to drive and I got scared cuz I like
rolled through a stop light or something
but my dad is like my favorite human
being like he's the most amazing
wonderful life perfect guy um and to
have him disappointed in me would really
be like the worst thing and I think
nothing would break my heart more than
if my dad was disappointed in me
and so I like rolled through red stop or
like didn't stop or almost hit something
I don't know I was learning to drive and
I said SH I T and I remember my dad
didn't even discipline me he didn't even
yell at me didn't anything he just got
really quiet like he got really quiet
wouldn't talk to me like the rest of day
he just was like quiet and that was like
the worst I remember it so well because
I was like he's mad at me he's
disappointed in me like it broke my
heart so um yeah I don't remember ever
getting granted I feel like maybe I did
I remember getting sent to my room a lot
like I never was like but the other
thing is like I didn't go out and party
with friends if people came to my house
so like I never have grounded cuz I
never really wanted to go to parties I
went to a couple of parties but my mom
would like always want to know all the
information so like it wasn't easy for
me to go and sneak around come on be
like whose house you're going to can I
have the phone number can I call their
mom and ask what's going on so they're
like kind of strict I guess but like
I only there's only a couple times where
like I lied and I said I was going to
like my friend's house and then I ended
up going to like a party but even those
parties were lame there was like maybe
15 people there and they were drinking
beer like it I never did anything like
super crazy um mmm
but yeah people always came to my
parents house like my friends wanted to
come to my parents house to hang out so
I don't know I never really got granted
you got grounded that wasn't called
grounded yeah I feel like I was grounded
when I was like your kid but when I was
older they didn't call it being grounded
late they called it your own restriction
under generation that means they would
restrict me from doing certain things
like no phone can't go out after school
get going around the weekends like I
think those on restriction for life
along this was like two weeks straight
so your grant its club ground it's not
like it consists of different things but
to me you're on a restriction sounded
more mature and harsher than your ground
eight go to your room so I've never
heard of that before can you guys tweet
me and tell me if you've ever heard of
being on restriction I've never heard of
that where where I go it was free I want
to see if anyone else this heard that or
anyone else does that on restriction
I've never heard of that well I think my
makeups done I'm just like fiddling now
which means that I can put my hair which
means Josh will try to straighten the
little parts that are wavy oh yeah
what's wrong in smooth because josh is
helping me because it hurts to do it
myself um I'm gonna curl it and do
probably Ariana style today would have
it alright I think I might go so I can
do my hair but what do you guys think
and over there and I wish you what
Rachel I'm still mad at Rachel she just
texts me and said that jacket is blue
and white
no it's not it is brown and green you
are the queen of trolls : I'm not
trolling the last time the dress was
blue and white or whatever it was no it
was black and blue black blue yeah
so Rachel said with the dress she she
agreed when she's like it is black and
blue and then one day she was like I
kind of saw it today today I glanced at
it and at first I saw it white and gold
and then it changed and I was like okay
that's fair but this jacket is for sure
it is it is brown and green have you
guys seen this new thing that's going
around I mean how does anyone think that
is I don't see I don't know how you see
white like I put I'm putting white
things next to this picture you guys
seen this adidas jacket that I was
talking about
I'm putting white pictures next to it to
see if I can make myself see it as white
and I it is not white I basically put
out the same color that was in that
shirt it's Jackie pain no yeah no it's
like an all white just because this it's
not really well lit but it's you still
tell us why you're you're trolling so
hard
I'm not trolling as you are I'm not
trolling because other people are seeing
it too I see their tweets people see it
as oh my god I'm so frustrated
okay well you and Rachel ever recreate I
am the cute one like you said you
wouldn't rely 2014 Alex um we want to I
don't see Rachel as much anymore because
Rachel my she used to work with me so I
used to see her every day because those
the thing is like I don't really see
people unless I get to work with them
because my work schedules so crazy but I
still see her every once in a while um
so we want to I mean we love that video
you really want to but hopefully we'll
see speed worsening never heard of
restriction never heard of that I've
never heard of being on restriction it
the southern thing maybe that's what my
dad says someone said I've never heard
of that on restriction sounds more
mature it's being granted Josh um I hear
people tell me all the time they are on
restriction my friend is on restriction
for a month on restriction I've only
heard it being grounded I've never heard
of it never heard of it my parents call
it that Wow I've never heard of that
until just now
so sprinkled in there a little bit yes
I'm full her today um this is the worst
Internet I cannot get this little tiny
blog yeah how long is it four minutes
what's it at right now uh it's six
percent bordering on those remaining how
do you know it's not your computer
because you really need an in computer
because I can go on to any other site
look at a video download whatever
interesting um okay how do you see dark
green around people think I'm lying no
someone said no it's green a brown white
and blue white and blue I see dark green
and brown - um it is white and blue
never heard of being on restriction
there's no white on there that's what I
said that was from perfection PTX listen
there's not one drop of white on that
photo everyone is a freakin liar Joshua
is not like oh my god I don't understand
I said Josh it is not when you raise the
brightness look no you are wrong okay
look okay someone said when you raise
the brightness look okay so here's the
picture you see that it is that is dark
green I'm around here I'm looking at it
as blue one little one and this one said
have you raised the color to me it is
still green and brown that is the colors
raised and it is green and brown that
wears white on that envelope that is
brown gosh oh my god I'm not ruling
that's
around that is brown you guys tell me
right now look at this tell me that is
white that isn't look at there's not
white in this lemon close it is darker
than the color of my skin and my skin is
like a peach how is that white this is
white on my phone right there that's the
color white that is brown that is still
brown even though they lightened it
they're like look if you lighten it I
could see kind of like now I see some
white like down at the bottom like like
here there's some white but the emblem
the like adidas thing is still Brown are
you insane you're like I love you and
all but I really feel like you're just
messing how is this blue and white I
don't get it oh my god it's dark green
and brown I see grant green and brown
it's dark green and brown oh my god it's
brown pull it up on your phone it's
brown open that is not white that is
brown look alright how is that white
hold on how hold on maybe I'm about to
show you right now I can see it right
here look at look I'm against this oh my
phone is white that is out you're wrong
oh I hate this it's the stupid dress
thing again alright so what I did was I
pulled up off-white on my phone so here
you see different shades of white like
if you can tell ya that okay wait hold
on top you know as you see it's like
it's may be here somewhere closer to
here that's not right done off white
that's awesome
ody that's like it's like a white that
needs to be washed a little bit because
it's kind of fading that is not life
what's definitely not brown it is brown
like in the stripe okay that is a
lighter brown that's like a pale brown
holy cow holy mother of Zeus kollene
this is marriage life guys you're I love
you but you were trolling so hard I'm
not trolling
I don't have time to troll it's maybe
closer to this right here when you're
that close but look at no no let me do
this let me
oh come a bit about bringing over bring
over to wring your okay stop no I'm not
showing you right now you're trolling
your back color in the stripe I'm right
that's white listen you don't have that
where is there white in that there's no
white that is the stripe on the sleeve
and that is brown are you insane what
put the white up Nexus you put the wire
come on come on come on come on put your
white picture Nexus that's how many like
let that is clearly in a not well-lit
room but it's definitely not round it's
that it's white that
that's not brown this is an off-white
this is like a yeah look how they're not
the same color even a little bit hold on
let me see you next to him I want say
next to you you're crazy
oh my god my brain is exploding I hate
this it's like a stupid dress but last
time with the dress we were on the same
team he said in black and blue it's
brown and green how is it white you're
completely right I see brown and green
so in said red in purple it's brown and
green it's green and brown there is no
white it's dark green and brown it's
dark green and brown y'all are
colorblind
it's green and gold yeah Gold it's like
a gold Brown I see brown and blue it's
brown and green and isn't Josh partly
colorblind or something
no what colors my hair cool Josh gets
green and brown look yeah it's these
colors one of the left is greenish blue
that's green and that's brown I'm
starting to understand why people are
having this conversation
why do you think because what I'm seeing
is a white that is in a poorly lit room
that looks almost like a faded why that
wasn't that you know like if you have
white shoes over time it's gonna like
get dirtier and becomes not as crisp and
clean you put that in a dark room it's
not good but you can still tell us why
but if your if your eyes retreat color
in a certain way I can see how people
would lean towards a brown but it's
definitely
Brown it's white that it could be a
cleaner wife
I'm not he that has a full a little bit
though you think everyone on the
internet is crawling
not everyone's we run oh my god
well Rachel agrees with you so alrighty
I'm gonna go finish my hair and hang out
I'm Vegas I love the guys think ah
fastest group thinking we're having kind
of fun the feeling I just felt was not
fun okay love you guys
I did take medication but I'm trying to
shrink my hair and it is making pain
happen what can you well I do love you
can you give it a little hostile over
denim jacket denim so they begin to be a
little bit sweeter kinder you yelled at
a few times you need to be a little
nicer than me this is your Valentine's
gift and you're yelling at me over
jacket alright bye guys love you thanks
for watching
