hey guys so the other day I went and
hung out with glozell and every time I
hang out with glozell it's amazing
because she's an awesome person but also
because she always makes me do very
weird things and last time I was with
her she made me get completely naked
with her in the same room and go into a
freezing chamber that was negative 220
degrees Fahrenheit and freeze my body
she said that she thought it would help
with my shoulder because she's a good
friend and she's trying to help but it
was awful and miserable and I filmed it
so I want to show that to you guys it's
kind of a discombobulated vlog without
really beginning our end and that's why
I'm talking about it here first before
you guys look at it I hope you enjoy it
here we go I'm with this crazy person
we're digging with blood pressure cuz
I'm about to go freeze my body because
of this crazy I asked to do this a year
ago now she doing it now she did ask me
to do two year ago currently it's good
for you we're just going to cry my tears
will freeze
I'm nervous I'm trying to concentrate on
not screaming it's cold we just freeze
their whole bodies goes else currently
naked they want to know that you start
to see those like though it's going to
get a little bit colder in about one
minute we're at only 30 seconds and we
start coming up oh my god the whole body
was awful Kyle and I were naked we
touched but she jumped me at yeah yeah
up again your family your husband was me
I would just like to thank myself for
making me more control with my body
because other than my husband she's the
only person who ever seen me naked eight
hundred times
so how many does now it's really cold
don't stop no matter what face she makes
people actually like this is more
enjoyable to me in the whole body
I have such horrible shoulder pain and
I've had it for such a long time I've
been asking how to come for over a year
I've been begging her to come to the way
this seriously works bad for those
illness but in Africa I've been famous
so the whole body is really bit helps
that's reduced an inflammatory when you
when the inflammation is subsides when
it's like knocked out that's when the
tissue healing and everything takes
place so the anti-inflammatory really
need to make your feelings go away
it feels good so it's I like it actually
you're you're late I know sorry over now
I just have a giant hug the bells entire
like alright that's all for this vlog I
love you guys I have a blog coming out
next week or soon in a couple days or
something of me in Canada which is where
I am right now and I'll talk a little
bit about that next time but I love you
hope you subscribe and I'll see you
later
