what's up guys today I'm at the office
this is the first time I've ever logged
here I feel kind of weird about it I
don't know how do you do I do too I feel
weird about it
yeah cuz we're with like the writers and
the writers on vloggers so we look like
the freaks here but this is our little
kitchen area and this is my mug that I
drink out of every single day someone
made this for me this is hand painted
curved around in 2013 but it's my
favorite mug in the whole world
alright so this is my office I don't
have my vlog you with me today so this
is gonna shaky I'm really sorry guys
it's on my phone but this is my office
so this is for Chris for network this is
my desk this is Christopher's desk and
I'm like trying to go fast because
there's paperwork on the desks that you
can't see and this is our view today
today we are writing the episodes is
what we do every day so every day we
come in it from 10:00 to 6:00 and we
write and talk about Miranda and what's
going on with her situations that day
I'm not allowed to give you any
information yet but as soon as I am
allowed to talk about anything I will
tell you I'm just glad I'm allowed to
say that I have a show on Netflix now
because for a long time that was a big
secret and that was really hard for me
come on I mean this is my office partner
his name is Chris good morning
did you just okay I gotta say she is the
gaseous office mate that anybody's ever
why are you wafting don't want I have
bowel problems clearly we all know this
at this point I proved like 700 times
day and I felt like four billion
today we're about to go in for a meeting
to talk about one of the episodes and
our producers coming in today and it's
very exciting everything is going well
and it's all very exciting the vlogs
aren't going to be super entertaining
because I'm mostly just at the office
every day I know but I can't do a time
lapse like I'm not a time-lapse girl so
like what am I gonna do okay
guys a lot happen today we had some
really exciting meetings really crazy
exciting meetings am I you know what
that means now I'm gonna go hang out
with Joey and Cory and um kind of have a
normal person night where we like hang
out and talk about like things that
aren't work which is so weird but
Christopher is about to head out
say goodbye to Christopher everybody
goodbye everyone
today yeah okay so it is I don't know
it's a few days later and I'm back at
work and um what I'm doing right now I'm
in my office here's my office and we
just had a meeting in the big writing
room and we all went over some notes
that we've got and now I'm doing
something that's really fun
every script is we all write the show
together all the writers get together
and we all write the shows together we
come up with concepts and ideas and we
all split off and write outlines or
scripts or whatever we all go over the
script together and then I get the
script and I get to mirandize the script
and it's really fun to get to go into
all the lines and rewrite what Miranda
would say because sometimes other
writers write it and they don't know
what write I would say in those
particular situations so they just kind
of put in
lines that they think she would say but
I get to go in and like mess them up and
make them weird and make them Miranda so
that's what I'm doing right now it's
cool that I get to work on a project
where I I get a lot of control over
what's going to the script because I
that was my biggest fear is that I would
get this show and someone else would
take over and make me do things I don't
want to do or whatever so um it's really
cool that they're letting me do this so
that's what I'm doing right now um yeah
all right guys I'm home from work and I
think I'm gonna close up this really
weird vlog you had a day from last week
and then today which is super weird but
I just went to the premiere of Zoolander
2 and it was so good it was so amazing
we had so much fun
Ben Stiller's daughter Ella is total
sweetie and she's been to a couple of my
shows with her mom Christine who is also
the most beautiful woman on the planet
the movie was amazing and we're home and
so I'm in my sweats and we're just
chilling hanging out but the movie was
amazing super super funny we loved it so
much and we're so grateful that we got
to go to the premiere yeah it was just
it was a really cool experience and I
admire Ben and Christine a lot because
they're both brilliant actors and
they're just great comedians I don't
know I'm just I'm I'm a little
speechless cuz I love the movie so much
it was awesome I can't wait to see it
again and you guys should all go see it
it's really funny and I love do lander
one the first one was one of my favorite
movies I went I came home from school
every day in high school and watched it
with my friends every single day and we
quoted the whole thing all the time
so yeah it was it was great it was
wonderful and I wouldn't see it
alright I'm gonna go to bed I love you
guys thanks for watching and I'm gonna
try to vlog every once in a while and
let you guys know what's going on in my
life sexy light not me
