Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate look how good what
get it away too early for close up too
early for any kind of shot of my face
good morning everybody it's Friday and
I'm so sad Rachel goes home today from
Hawaii which is a total bummer I want
her to stay for the whole time but we're
gonna lay by the beach I got a lot of
work to do today for these fun little
projects I'm working on but like there I
want to tell you I'm totally that
youtuber that I've always made fun of
who does like I've got a secret project
but I can't tell you one of them it's
just so hard to keep things secret when
I'm vlogging every day cuz I'm like
working on these things but I want to
tell you guys about and also technically
it's not my fault that I haven't told
you it because if I could tell you I
would tell you right away but can't yet
so I hopefully will be able to tell you
very very soon about some of the stuff
I'm working on you don't really have any
crazy plans today
Eric said he's still feeling sick so I
think the best thing to do today would
just people lay around and do nothing
spread-eagle mama are you enjoying the
Cabana cold up bad Eric we've been
talking about how we have Eric song
stuck in our head his drastic park song
my mom and I keep singing it Debra's dad
don't fly into rats 6 guys turn
Jurassic Park we just keep singing that
over and over and over again I think I'm
getting burnt oh that's not good
look at that you can see the
fingerprints that's bad news bears I'm
gonna be in a lot of pain tomorrow oh
there's some eyelashes on my eyelid
so that's cute oh I went to Sephora
yesterday and I bought a bunch of stuff
and I got like a defected Beauty Blender
but I need to show you guys I hope I
remember when I'm back in my room later
because it's so it's like literally like
I'm using a kitchen sponge that you
would wash your dishes with to put
makeup on it's horrible and those things
are 20 bucks so I'm yes 20 dollars down
the drain look who's here pterodactyls
fly in Jurassic skies Jurassic Park
does have any more lyrics yet those are
the only lyrics we have I have been to
four seasons quite a lot here Maui and I
have to say that I think this little
area is new I don't remember it being
here last time I was here and it's so
cute like a little sitting area right on
the beach mom do you remember this here
last time I don't think it was here I
think I think it's new but super cute
you're not to bring drinks on the beach
so I'm trying to finish my champagne and
I never drink so this one glass is gonna
make me in tipsy I don't all waste it
yeah we found our own little cove right
in here I shot the tan among Gino video
over here well this is one of those as I
shot it a private little cove over here
oh don't look now let's film him sick
Eric said that you made me out of Sam
that's supposed to be me yeah that
supposed to be me
why don't have antennas do bricks that
is supposed to mean yeah all right
that's what you think I look like yeah
right now I can't tell which one is here
see we're moving I thought we've been
hanging out at the beach for a little
bit now we're gonna go back up to the
pool whether it's not as much sand okay
I had enough Sun and I'm definitely
getting burned look at that oh she's
gonna hurt tonight I'm gonna be like
itchy and not be able to sleep but it's
okay hopefully we'll turn into a tan I
got all these delicious treats and I
wanna show them to you so look at how
this is awesome it's macadamia and sea
salt kettle corn get out of town about
to have yourself a little dessert feast
and watch some vlogs of my family and of
Nicola and my kitties and of my brother
and his kids and all that so I'm excited
that I'm headed down to watch the sunset
with my family I just filmed a video I
also realized my battery's gonna die at
my camera and I don't have a charger a
charger because I lost mine because I
mean everything so I might have to blog
the rest of this trip on my phone which
will be weird so I apologize for the
future terrible footage that you guys
are going to get awful I look yellow in
the lighting of the elevator but I'm not
yellow oh thank you okay so we miss the
sunset but usually Hawaiian since that's
the prettiest after the Sun Goes Down
and then this guy gets really pretty so
we'll see how this goes
there's a whale tails sunset was
beautiful and now we are getting fishing
and watching surfing
so insane I mean when you do this
oh my god terrifying
like I may not die or anyway arrested
squish toddler was Rachel said they have
the best fish tacos in Maui she's been
here I've never been here
the tacos were not that good I mean they
worked fine but they waited a really
long time for them and I've heard that
these tacos are like the best things
ever and they have like awards
everywhere saying that the best tacos
ever and they were fine but see I'm the
type of girl that like I have trust
issues because if someone tells me that
a movie is the best movie of all time or
if someone says is the best pizza you'll
ever eat in your life
I really believe them and I have that
expectation and then if it doesn't meet
that expectation I get really severely
disappointed whereas if they're like hey
this movie is kind of good and then I
really like it I think it's great that
was one of the best movies I've ever
seen
so yeah I think it was just everyone
told me these tacos were so amazing and
so then I ate him and I was like they're
fine but they weren't amazing yeah when
you think about the door for me what is
gentleman the hotel I found some
sunglasses it's time for the sunglass
Sam
I have to show you that Beautyblender
hold on all right this is the
Beautyblender I bought I've never bought
one that's this colored before I usually
get the black one with the pink one but
I don't know if it's because I've got
the like multicolored one or white but
hold on I've got to try to get you guys
to see it okay so you can kind of tell
it's like super spongy but not in a good
way like it literally feels like I'm
putting a hardcore intense like gross
kitchen sink sponge on my face it's
really rough and it doesn't put it on
smooth has this ever happened anyone
else before because it was horrible like
I don't understand what is wrong with it
I've never had a beauty blender do this
before
like it's like deformed and it seemed
fine when I bought it but now that I
have it it's like rough to the fit it's
gross
and it was twenty dollars like beauty
blenders are so expensive so I'm super
annoyed this is really cute angle huh
but what else did I get
they didn't have my color but these is
this is my jam they like benefit goof
proof brow pencils the one that I like
is this one and I have the color five
that's what I do my brows with but they
didn't have to go three so my eyes are
my brows are way too light and then I
got some lip pencils from NARS so
they've really love NARS I got some more
Laura Mercier translucent powder this is
a must-have in my life and I got some
concealer a darker concealer in the
color light 2/5 from NARS because I got
tan
so my consider is way too white but I
got a bunch of stuff and when I got a
new I got a new mascara - better than
sex mascara this is my favorite but for
some reason look I've used the crap out
of this one it's so nasty on the top
this one still works better this one
this one's very news I don't want this
before I went to it was just busted but
it was a total bust I spent so much
money and my VD planner doesn't work
mascara nice anyway we're gonna eat pie
and go to bed so as you guys know I'm
obsessed with monkeypod so tonight I'm
instead of going into monkeypod because
it's embarrassing how often I go there
when I'm in
we ordered pie on the phone and I
wouldn't picked it up so we are eating
the strawberry pie and the choco pie the
strawberry pie is bowling ball home see
I'm eating it right now Stockton's got
the chocolate how's the chocolate and
I'm pterodactyls fly and thanks guys
exhausting sometimes Jurassic huh is
there more lyrics than that yet we're
gonna work on a lyrical video you were
you know how's your strawberry pie mom
it wouldn't be a Miranda sings tour
without me you know although we miss
Leigh it's weird to not heavily here
when we do this
Oh
we're demon - Mike
goodnight
you
