I think this is working um let me tweet
about this really quick livestream okay
me know if this is working guys I hate
that I always say that but welcome we
have 13 viewers if you're a viewer um
three guys there hi everyone okay so we
have a hundred twenty-four viewers right
now oh my god I was doing some work I
was doing I was doing editing I was
editing and I was starting to get in a
lot of pain shoulder pain and just heart
pain but my Colleen's corner this week
is gonna be really funny I have to now I
have to I have to start shooting videos
like days and days in advance I used to
be able to shoot edit and post all in
the same day and now I can't do that
because I can only edit it like ten
minutes at a time where I used to be
able to sit and edit for like four hours
now I have to like edit for ten minutes
and take a break because it hurts and
then go do something else or ice my arm
and then so on and so forth so I filmed
my Fleance corner yesterday that's going
up on Tuesday because it's gonna take me
that long to edit it plus having the
Netflix show now I'm super busy doing
that so I can't edit as often as I used
to so my schedule is a little crazy but
I was editing and my shoulder was like
screaming and pain and so I was like
yeah I'm gonna stop but I didn't want to
just sit around I was like go and do
something so that's a nuna livestream
and I used to do live streams all the
time and I say this every live stream
but I want to do them more often so I
really like them I always have a lot of
fun when I do live streams and I had a
fun idea and I can't pronounce your name
but it's ot5 stan you are a blondie
Cam's I don't know but she tree me and
said follow me and there's like a huge
pile of cash like someone handing cash
and it says follow me thought it's funny
okay devika said where's your sling so I
told you guys to keep me accountable and
make sure I always am wearing my sling
and you've been doing that and I'm
really grateful however I had a doctor's
appointment a few days ago and he told
me not to word sling anymore because the
sling can actually hurt the injury worse
because if I wear the single day it
freezes my muscles or something like
that like in this position and they need
to be able to move around I'm just not
supposed to use them to like pick
something up I'm not supposed to like
write with my hand I'm not supposed to
edit or do anything like that but um I
he doesn't want my arm like isolated so
I need to be able to like move it so I
can like slowly get it used to movement
again but it's really hard it really
hurts to do even that um so that's why
I'm not wearing my sling so thank you
for checking on me and being accountable
making oh my god I cannot talk to you
guys anyway um Rebecca Simmons did
finally get to watch a live stream
hashtag Australian that is awesome um
let's see I sat at one will slim said
exploiting this and it's a picture of a
boy kissing me on the cheek that is my
friend he's just a friend and we met on
a cruise ship a few years ago there's a
feather in my clothes and we got pretend
married in Cabo and um he's a friend of
mine but we have not talked in a long
time for no reason other than like we're
we met on the cruise ship and we're
friends for a while I'd made a lot of
friends pals in the cruise ship and then
they're all on the cruise ships so and
you can talk to people in on cruise
ships so we're not none of us really
talking more he's really nice anyway um
let's have a hashtag okay
Prada landfill Vanessa border said I
highly suggest reading fan fiction
written about you now listen I was
really disappointed when I had to stop
editing my video just now because I was
editing Colleen's corner and I'm posting
it Tuesday and the majority of the video
is me reading fan fictions and it's
really bad like it's really funny to
watch and it was funny to do but like
it's they're so bad I'll bleep on all
the bad stuff because it's really dirty
but I had no idea how disgusting the
fanfiction was about me on the internet
cuz I looked at fan fiction maybe a year
or two ago and there's only like one fan
fiction and it was about me and mamrie
Hart which is really random but that's
the only one I've ever seen and so when
I looked it up yesterday I was like
screaming at how gross it is so yeah
here I'll let you guys hear a little
audio from my Colleen's corner video so
you guys can hear what I'm talking about
pull it up um in the meantime I will
look at the questions on Twitter
here's a good one okay so this is this
you're gonna hear my episode of plains
corner right now you're gonna hear me
reading fanfiction let's do that again
this is little but um yeah it's pretty
gross I'm gonna get out of this okay so
notifications at KC grey 725 set first
livestream ever hashtag no life you have
no I have no
or both of us have no life I don't know
but I just your microphone buzz oh my
god I'm so weird that H is my phone okay
talk about um what's the hashtag need a
hashtag Queen keeps burping hashtag
Queen keeps burping or I don't know
let's do that I don't really care what
it is you guys can pick something and
just tweet me different hashtags and I
pick one
Trisha McClure said do you think you'll
need surgery I don't know okay so the
stupid shoulder injury I've had for over
a year and I'm so over it it is so
painful and it is ruining my life and I
even annoy myself when I'm talking about
it so I know everyone around me hates
hearing about how I was in pain I am so
sick of it and my doctor is desperately
trying to avoid me getting a surgery
however my mom just got new surgery and
she who has been in pain for years and
now she's not gonna be in pain anymore
and one of my writers for my Netflix
show he had a shoulder injury and he got
a surgery and he said after like two
weeks he was all better and now his
heart wasn't hurt at all
so I'm scared to get a surgery but if it
means I won't be in pain anymore that it
makes me really want to do it but my
doctor says that that's like the last
resort like you really don't want to get
a surgery so that's why we're trying all
these shots but I'm so sick of these
shots like I can show you guys all these
you can't really tell but like this this
this this
and all up into my neck you can't I
don't know if you guys can see anything
but all those little red pricks those
are all shots he injects like all this
just crap into my arm
it's like all up in the front these are
all shot Mart's and I get huge bruises
like all done my back in like two days
these will all be big purple bruises and
it hurts and I'm just sick of it I'm
sick of not being able use my arm and
I'm sick of talking about it and so I
just want it to be over I'm it's just
frustrating like I went through like
nine months of going to doctors and all
the doctors saying you're fine you're
fine there's nothing wrong with you just
ice it just take some pain medication
it's fine it'll go away and it's not
going away
and now this new doctor is trying this
new kind of like therapy with these
different shots and this different
medication and next time I go on he's
gonna draw blood and like do something
to my blood and then inject the blood
into my muscles like we're trying
everything
um I'm just so right like I can't even
explain in words how okay I get to the
point where I see people like writing
with the right hand or like even
clapping like I see something clap but
I'm like what's that like to clap and it
to not be painful like what's it like to
write like a sentence and it doesn't
hurt like I can't even remember what
that feels like
so anyway let's change the subject okay
um let's see
Lizzie Baker said have you gotten to see
Bailey Jacob Parker yet since you've
been back because I just got back from
tour and I have Skyped with them so I've
gotten to see them on skype and I
actually Skyped Parker this afternoon
and it was so cute he was like where's
Tommy yeah I want to see Tommy
and that means Cory he loves Cory and so
I put on Cory I was like here's koi and
he was like hi Cory I was like what did
he want to say to Cory and he goes but
you could also see
this much of his head it was really cute
um so I haven't got to see them in
person I'm gonna tie me up but I've seen
them on video track okay
hashtag no more slips laying hashtag
Twinkies for being hashed I claims my
queen I don't know
calling keeps burping um I don't know
psycho ex soprano said I love your jaw
line thank you my goodness
what a compliment so funny cause like
when Josh my first started dating he was
the one with like the jawline like he
talked about all the time his jawline
and how sharp and like intense his
jawline was talked about all the time
and then as we've gotten older magma
yeah my jawline has become it's super
pronounced because I don't know why but
then my jaw line has become super
pronounced and his hasn't like it's like
we've reversed roles it's just funny but
he used to be so obsessed with it he was
like I'm serious he talked I was drawing
like every day when we first started
dating Eva Dawson said what do you dip
your chicken nuggets in PS love you so
much I met you in Seattle hello Eva or
Ava you've already won um what do I get
my chicken nuggets in that's a good
question ketchup almost always every
once in a while do honey mustard but
usually I go for ketchup um Emily
Emilie's clean should loudest audience
at the Josh lean were probably Orlando
only because it was our last show and
we've really pumped them up like we were
really trying to get them to scream and
be super loud and obnoxious and so they
were really loud which was awesome but
all the audiences were good Lexi said I
can't watch coins corner on Tuesday I
can't wait for you guys to see it I
think it's me really funny
drew Roman said who are you pulling for
in the Super Bowl
I have no idea who's playing I don't
even know when the Super Bowl is I don't
know what teams are playing I will not
watch the Super Bowl
it's not interested when is it I don't
care no thanks it's just not my thing
Colinas BAE Eliza she said is haters
back off gonna be on Canadian Netflix we
hope so we want it to be I think so I
mean I guess I could call Netflix and
ask them I assume it is because one of
the appeals I think of me being on
Netflix was the fact that I had a
worldwide audience because that was a
question they asked in our first meeting
they were like no do you have fans just
in America or do people watch your
videos anywhere like where do people
watch your videos like no they watch
them all over the world I have fans
everywhere not me but Miranda you know I
mean I was like I've done tours in
Australia and all over the UK and I was
like I know that I have people watching
my videos all over the world and they're
like oh good because Netflix is all over
the world and so we want to be able to I
think they want to broadcast the show
all over the world so I'm pretty sure
it's gonna be everywhere I hope but I'm
gonna ask because that's a very good
question and I assume that it is but I
actually don't know um let's see um taco
Mady taco Madison Lea Oh 89 said that's
on fuller house I'm so excited for
fuller house you guys like I my favorite
TV show growing up like my favorite and
I'm really excited like I think it's
been a really good class it's on the
same network as me so of course I'm like
yay
it's like someone being from like your
college or from your hometown you're
like yeah I'm a part of that too so any
show on Netflix I'm gonna be obsessed
with I think from now on just cuz I'm
happy that I get to be on it but um I'm
just excited because it was my favorite
show growing up so I'm gonna totally
fangirl and watch every episode Oh Mike
okay Ramsey well-beloved Ramsey su l
said can you tell your embarrassing poop
story that you told in Charlotte North
Carolina oh my god this is really bad
I'm gonna I'll tell it but I wanna I'm
gonna tweet about this this is a big
story guys this poop story is a very big
guy I feel like I should tell this in a
I feel like if she tells in a video not
in a livestream cuz it's really bad
no oh yeah no maybe I shouldn't tell us
at all this is really bad
no it's all okay I just don't know but
I'm gonna take the live stream and I'm
gonna post about it live stream right
now oh my extreme right now okay wait he
said the right link longers I don't
think I ate it really unless I did I'm a
mess okay so anyway I'm gonna tell you a
story
oh my god guys I'm like a little
stressed about this so I'm going to tell
you a story that is very embarrassing
cause I feel like these people are
getting this okay I have a really really
embarrassing poop story I'm just gonna
tell it so I used to tour I still tour
everywhere but I've been touring for
like seven years so gone all over the
country
I've gone all over the world and there's
one city that I went to I'm not gonna
say the name of the city but there's the
city I went to and it was years ago like
maybe five years ago and the theater
that I was performing at was not very
good and the people who worked there
were not very nice and they were not
helpful and I got there and they had a
screen for my jokes
most of my shows there's like lots of
videos and stuff on my shows and oh my
god so I get there and there's a video
screen but there's no way to plug in my
computer to show video there's no way to
plug in a DVD or my computer a hard
drive there's no way to show any video
and I went up to them and I was like hi
I need this video to work because
otherwise I can't do my show and they
were like well there's nothing we can do
about it and I was like come on like I
need to
I can't do the show like did you want me
to do a show or not no like well figure
it out and they made me go to the store
and buy the cables by the plugs buy all
the stuff I needed and to make this
thing work
and they still didn't help they were
just the rudest like most unhelpful
horrible people it was awful and so
wrong until you it was but I'm in the
dressing room and I'm really upset they
treated me so bad and all of a sudden
before every show I have to poop like
and I have to poop a lot and I get
really nervous and anxious and I usually
have diarrhea anyway I go to the
bathroom and I the bathrooms kind of
weird it's like a closet kind of like
the bathroom is really small but the
theater was super janky so I was like
not surprised that their bathroom is
super janky too so I go to the bathroom
I go to the on the toilet and I poop up
a storm like a lot of food so much like
a huge ol pile of diarrhea and then I
get up and I go to flush the toilet and
it does not flush and then I was like
something's weird and I look and there's
no water in the toilet and then I look
in the back of the toilet and there's no
water in the back of the toilet and then
I look there's no plug for this toilet
this toilets not plugged into anything
it was a prop this is a profit before
show and it was in a prop closet the
closet had a sink in it so I assumed
like oh there's a sink and there's a
toilet so I can poop in this toilet it's
right next to my dressing room I don't
know so I'm like what do i do I can't
like scoop it out and like put it in the
sink like what am I supposed to do with
all his diarrhea pill and so I was like
freaking out and I end up just like
covering it all up and closing the lid
and like leaping it was at the oh I
guess it was after the show it was up
straight wasn't before shows after the
show this happened and I left and I
don't know what happened but I honestly
I didn't feel that bad because they were
so rude and there was such a horrible
venue to work with but that's probably
one
most embarrassing stories I pooped in a
prop toilet and I thought it was a real
toilet um so that happened that's my
story okay Josh Lane fiction said say I
love you Josh Lane trash Polina said can
you show us some of your house maybe
I'll show you something house I've had
seven thousand years right now if we get
to 10,000 viewers I'll show you some of
the house
don't ever gets them doesn't so probably
one that only goes I don't really want
to get that everyone's mad at me for
pooping in the toilet everyone thinks
I'm disgusting thank you
Alyssa loves once said how long were you
homeschooled for I was home-schooled for
three years sixth seventh and eighth
grade that's it
where do you eat your onesies from I
love them puts from Shelby Hutchison um
I get my onesies from you guys this
onesie I bought I bought this at Primark
in the UK I think I was in London when I
bought this and I have one Rachel's one
Christina has one
and our tour manager in the UK has fun
his name is Lee
I'll have matching onesies well now
everyone has one like my mom bought one
and I think everyone has them now
Jessica and all them okay um Melissa
mcclee ode said how is todrick show last
night and how amazing was it to perform
live on stage a spell so I was in
todrick's show last night and I got to
play Belle and it was really fun The
Dance Moms girls were there and Frankie
was there and a bunch of awesome drag
queens were there there's a ton of
really fun people there um it was fun it
was kind of stressful I didn't know the
words to this song and so I had to learn
them like an
before I went onstage and that was very
stressful and I had to learn like the
blocking and everything right before on
stage and their technical difficulties
during the show and the show ended up
being like two and a half hours long and
and I didn't get to watch the show and I
really wanted to so I just sit backstage
and watch um but I had a lot of fun yeah
I did have a lot of fun okay when are
you getting a cat hopefully soon and
we're supposed to get one now I don't
know mm oh my god you guys are editing
really funny pictures okay
Colleen's flannel said looking forward
to anything this year besides Netflix
love you I am looking forward to Netflix
but besides that I'm looking forward to
decorating my house because right now
it's empty
so I'm looking forward to like making it
all pretty and homey and cozy I'm
looking forward to getting a cat because
Josh and I really want to get a cat um
I'm looking forward to we're working on
a lipstick for Miranda but that's a
secret so don't tell anyone
yeah theres only 7000 of you um and I'm
excited for that to happen but seriously
I problem going to get huge trouble for
saying that right now
um I'm excited I'm excited spend more
time my family I don't know I'm excited
for a lot of things I'm really happy I'm
in a good place I'm excited for but I'm
really excited for the Netflix thing I'm
excited for my YouTube channels I'm
gonna try really hard to make them
awesome this year and just keep making
good content that you guys like I'm not
gonna try to do anything crazy or
over-the-top or new or different I'm
gonna do I'm gonna try to do what you
guys like the best on my channels so um
I'm excited for that I don't know I'm
excited for everything except for life
life is cool I don't have to poop
favorite lipstick at the moment moment
that's from Hanna Hanna I have a
favorite lipstick show hold on it's in
my bathroom I don't have good service in
my bathroom so right here oh my god I
actually really kind of do you have to
perform offices which means I'm gonna
have to take you to Cory or something so
I can deal with this ish I don't have
good service in here so okay my favorite
lipstick right now is Nick yeah NYX soft
matte lip cream and I only have it in
two colors but it's really pretty it's
really comfortable it's I don't know I
just love it it's like the best ever so
that's my favorite lipstick you know
okay got my blankets I'm so cozy um back
to not the fake gay Jones okay
embarrassing story as a child and don't
do the one where you hit your vehement a
scooter that's wrong Brizzy violets my
childhood um the story always think
about is not that embarrassing I just
remember I was so embarrassed as a kid
but it wasn't in retrospect it wasn't
that embarrassing but whenever someone
asked me what was the most embarrassing
moment as a Charlie I always think of
this one thing and it's I was at Taco
Bell and I was with my mom my whole
family and I I was really shy as a kid
was just kind of hard to believe but I
was super super shy and um I was like a
mommy's girl like I could only be around
my mom like I was and I was shy when I
was really little not when I once I hit
like eight or nine I was fine but like
before that I was really shy and I was
probably seven or eight or something I
went to the bathroom came out of the
bathroom and went up to what I thought
was my mother and I started walking
around like holding on my mom's legs and
like walking around in circles around my
mom and then this one was like excuse me
sweetie and it was not my
she's just wearing pants that looks like
my mom's and so I thought it was my mom
and I was like holding onto her legs and
likes walking around her in circles and
stuff and she was really nice about it
but for some reason that sticks in my
brain it's like so embarrassing cuz I
remember when that happened I was like
mortified
so I always think about that um but it's
not that embarrassing oh my stomach
hurts I got a poo oh my god you guys uh
I really have to poo um what was your
most happiest moment you have ever had
might be a hard question that was from
Chloe Robin okay
I have an answer to this I've had a lot
of really happy moments um
I think Josh got home um I have a lot of
really really happy moments when I found
out Bailey was gonna be born or when I
found out Jessica Christopher pregnant
with Bailey I it was one of the happiest
moments of my whole life I cried so hard
I was so excited I was so happy so
finding out Bailey was gonna be boring
and when Bailey was born and I got to
hold my niece my very first niece for
the first time I was sobbing like it was
the happiest moment like I was so so so
happy so that's like the first thing
that pops in my mind um
saying I love you too Josh the first day
we met we kissed in the rain and we said
I love you and that was like one of the
happiest moments I've ever had um
dancing at my wedding was one of the
happiest moments I've ever had but I
think the happiest I've ever been was
when I found out I got this sounds so
stupid but because I keep talking about
but when I found out I got the Netflix
show honestly I've never experienced a
feeling like that and my whole life um I
we had been working on the show for
years and we had been pitching the show
to different networks like and trying to
get someone to pick it up and trying to
get someone to get the show and buy the
show and um we have been but we have
been me and some of my writers had
already been working on it for years and
um we and that is why by the way wait I
can't tell you that yeah dang it okay I
was just gave away something huge I
would have gotten instant
all the Netflix oh my god I can't
believe it was said that okay anyway
back on my chainsaw so I we we pitched
the show to Netflix and we pitch the
show to a few different places and a few
different places were interested but no
one was really biting and um anyway
Joshua had his first show his first show
us himself by himself but was with the
shadows it was him and Arnold and Julian
together they had a show together and um
it was the first big show was a really
big deal they're all really excited and
I went there to be supportive I was like
today is not about me it's not about
Miranda it's all about these boys and
I'm so proud of them and I was so
excited for them and I was excited to be
an audience member and let them have
like the spotlight and I don't know I
was just really looking forward to being
in that mode that day and then I got a
phone call and it was my agent it was my
agent it was a bunch of people on the
phone and I was like Hello know like hi
Colleen we've got unlisted all the
people on the phone call and I was like
what is going on it's my age I'm about
to drop me like what's happening and he
was like we just wanna let you know that
Netflix is picking up your show it's
eight episodes and they want to do the
whole series it's a Netflix original
series and they like told me all this
information I was like I don't screaming
oh my god and I hung up the phone and I
didn't want to go tell Josh cuz I didn't
want to like ruin his day because this
day was supposed to be about him but I
was like just so excited so I was like
trying to keep it a secret but I
couldn't cuz I was so happy and so proud
because I'd worked so hard on this
project and like I've been working so
hard on Miranda and the character for so
long that it just was such a rewarding
moment I don't know and I was just so
excited cuz I love Netflix and that was
my dream like when I first started
writing the show I was like everyone be
like where do you want the show to go
and I'm like my dream is Netflix my
dream ultimate perfect place for this
show would be Netflix original series
that is my ultimate dream so that
probably won't happen but that's what my
dream would be and so the fact that that
happened was like mind-boggling
and I sobbed like sob sob like I've had
happy tears before like I've been so
happy that I cried before but this was
so different like it was just like I
couldn't believe it happened I couldn't
believe it was real and I was sobbing
but that those are like my happiest
moments so good question good question
alright well trying to get my
notifications on Twitter um
destiny said will you be doing any press
for the show definitely but I don't know
when or what I'm assuming I will I'm
kind of nervous about it cuz I actually
hate doing press like I really hate it I
hate wait there's stuff my teeth that's
girls see how good I am at things like
this I despised being interviewed I hate
it I feel like I'm so awkward and I
think too hard about all my answers I'm
just really uncomfortable I despise red
carpets like I would rather eat my own
poop then walk a red carpet I hate it um
it's just it's very uncomfortable like
it's like you know that people just want
to know like people here there so that
people can talk about judge you and talk
about your hair and your makeup and your
clothes and if they like you or not and
you just go to be judged and I just I
don't know I just really hate it like I
I hate red carpets um I hate events I
hate interviews I hate anything like
that I want to be in my room and I want
to be creative or I want to be with you
guys like I either want to be at a show
and meeting you and doing Q&A s and
meetups and mean greets with you guys or
I want to be alone in an office creating
and writing and filming and producing
like that's those are the things I like
to do so I do think I'm gonna have to do
press obviously for hairs back off I'm
assuming I'm gonna have to do press
because when the show comes out we need
to tell people about it so I think I'm
probably gonna have to do talk shows and
in interviews and and radio shows and
stuff like that to promote I don't
really know I've never done a TV show
before so I don't really know what goes
into it but I'm assuming that I'm gonna
have to do that stuff and I am terrified
I'm more nervous to do press for my show
than I am to do the show like I'm Way
more nervous about press than I am about
actually shooting the show um that's how
much I hate it there's a fun fact you
didn't know about me maybe um Emma loves
clean hi Emma
she said any new nail polish cars that
you love show us love you I love this I
love pastels right now are my thing I'm
into like lavenders light pinks white
light blue like anything's like a pastel
is what I like to wear my rings are
never connected towards me that's guys
okay so I'm rushing errands so this is
my ring this is my engagement ring and
the stone is Joshua's
great-grandmother's it's been passed
down every generation it's really cool
he special made this like he made
designed it and made it himself now
because he designed it made him set
himself um it doesn't it didn't come
with like a wedding band like that could
go next to it so he had to get a wedding
band specially made but because of how
the diamond is set into the ring we had
to get a wedding band that has like this
little divot in it so that it fits
around the stone like this and supposed
to look I'll show you it's supposed to
look like that it's supposed to like go
around it like that it drives me nuts a
little bit because I'm super OCD and the
fact that it doesn't is not sent like
the stone is not centered now do you
know what I'm saying like that I want
this to be on both sides so that the
stone is in the center because now it
looks off-center to me it drives me
crazy but other thing enjoys me crazy is
they don't stay together so like they
spin on my hand like that so it always
looks like this and if this didn't have
a divot in it if it was like that it
would
bug me see I don't know this is my
struggle and I don't want to get it
soldered together because most people
get their rings soldered together and I
don't want to do that I just don't like
the way I don't know cuz I feel like
someday I'm gonna want to like in like
20 years I'm gonna win like make this
ring different or something I can expand
on it or something I don't know I don't
know this is my daily struggle the thing
is I have to worry about anyway okay um
at Emily em loves clean I think I just
write a question for you but I'm gonna
read another has a fan ever been word to
you or your staff yes um no actually
well yes and no yes fans have been rude
to my staff fans have not been rude to
me necessarily well kind of but not like
on purpose it's not like anyone was ever
been like I'm gonna be rude to clean but
sometimes um like little things that I
consider rude have happened but the most
part you guys are pretty awesome I'm
gonna say sometimes your parents are a
little rude but you guys are always
great um the only things I consider rude
are like when people come to my house
like I think that's really rude and
really disrespectful um I don't like
when people take pictures of me and
don't ask
like I love someone comes out to me and
says can I have a picture with you I
will always say yes I've never turned
down a picture um there have been a
couple times where I've been like oh can
you wait a minute but like I never have
said no I've always taken a picture of
someone else but I hate when people take
sneaky pictures of me like it really
makes me very uncomfortable and I don't
I can't explain it it's just you don't
want someone taking a picture of you
when you're not prepared like I'm like
what am i doing like what if I'm like
pick my nose or like not that I'm doing
that in public but what if I'm I don't
know like what if I'm talking to Josh
and we're talking about something
serious but looks like we're fighting
and we're not like I don't want that
going so I don't know or I don't know if
I'm eating something my mouth is full of
food
I just don't want I just don't like
sneaky pictures I just so I don't know
if that's rude it's just my preference
like I don't enjoy that but people have
been reading my staff like there's been
many times where I've heard people like
I've been on the bus and I can hear you
guys when I'm on the tour bus and I've
heard you guys say fu not you guys I've
heard people I've heard certain people
not you guys I'd say 99% of you are the
sweetest most perfect angels in the
world but there's everyone small there's
one person um and they I've heard people
like cuss out my bus driver or my
assistant and it's just really not cool
but for the mug I'm serious when I say
99% of you guys are like the sweetest
kindest like funniest people in the
world like there's a lot of times where
I'll meet you guys and I'll end up just
talking to you for 10 minutes cuz I
think you're funny or awesome or we just
get along cause like there's obviously
you guys are watching my videos then we
have a similar sense of humor and we
have a lot of things in common and so a
lot of you I feel like I could genuinely
be best friends with if I met in person
so most of you I don't think are rude at
all and I think you're awesome and
amazing um every once in all there's
just one person I'm like hmm I don't
think you could have done that um but
yeah you know you guys are awesome I
mean look like the majority of my
friends and employees and everyone I met
because of the internet like we're fans
so um let's see would you ever want a
voice a Disney character excuse me guys
from Lindsay Beth um I don't know I
think so that sounds cool I don't think
I could do it though that sounds kind of
hard
heavenly Evans heavenly nine three three
nine three eight three is making funny
because what I said I said what if I'm
picking my nose not that I'm doing that
in public like meaning like I do it at
home
and yes I do it at home I feel like
everybody picks their nose at some point
in our life and so if you are here
sitting here being like clean image that
she bakes her picture knows when she's
in private do not even judge me because
I know you guys think your nose you will
freaking liars
you all picked your nose just nobody
admits it everyone is think their nose
do not even try that Rachel might have
this conversation all the time Rachel
they're like no everyone picks her nose
he's totally true so do not i'm just
brave enough to admit it that i have
done it and that i do it sometimes so do
not but i don't do it in public because
I'm a classy lady
uh-oh
Denise Rodriguez said what happened to
the child cancer money I love you I gave
it did I gave it don't where it's
supposed to go so I did a live stream in
December where I raised money for
childhood cancer and all of the money
went to st. Jude's Hospital
um but took a while to do it I didn't
realize how hard it is to donate money
um so it all went through my accountant
and all this stuff and it ended up at
st. Jude's so we donated all there so
that's where I ended up
we raised 43 thousand part no okay I
think on the website we raised 24,000
and then I donated 20 so yeah we took
the money from the livestream and
joining it straight to st. Jude's and
then my accountant is taking care of my
portion of it so um well I mean I'm
taking care of it it's my money but you
know maybe he's making sure it gets the
right place cuz I don't want it to I
want to do it the right way so that's
not so it went to Saint Jude's Hospital
so I want to do another one I want to do
another livestream or another event
where I raise money for a good cause
cuz that was one of my proudest moments
I think I've ever had in my life that
was very emotional really cool oh my
gosh I'm the way I'm sitting is making
my like cat eyeliner look really cool I
wish I could do it that good
in real life I wish my eyes are that
shape
and that'd be cool do you guys ever do
that like look in the mirror and like
place your face I wonder if I look like
this Josh lean for life said what
happened with Demi Lovato Demi Lovato
was at the same store as me today
and I have to tell you guys something
she was not wearing makeup she did not
have her hair done she was wearing
sweats and she looked so beautiful I was
like oh my god I want to be you or have
you as a girlfriend she was so beautiful
and she was not I'm serious guys like
she was not wearing a drop of makeup her
hair was not done even a little bit like
sweats she looked like she just didn't
give a f--- she was like I don't care
what anyone thinks I'm going out looking
like my fresh natural just woke up like
this look and I'm going around like with
eyeliner mascara foundation lipstick
blush the whole nine yards like I can't
leave the house about it
and she looked like an angel like Corey
and I were like oh my god she's freaking
perfect she looked beautiful
I did not talk to her because I don't
know her and that'd be weird but um I
yeah I can go a little bit
you have ariana grande's perfume that's
from Alexis yes I do and I also have
Frankie's perfume um but I have sad news
guys we need to end this really fun
livestream because my computer's gonna
die and my phone my computer charger is
downstairs so I have to say goodbye
because I have 7% left on my computer
which means it's going to turn off at
any moment so I'll answer one last final
question that mean look at my mentions I
hope my computer doesn't this turn off
Francesca said how are you a Tatar
Ariana I am not really this Arianna
Arianna is my friend but she's we are
not related although a lot of people
think we're related a lot of people
think I'm her voice teacher a lot of
people have made up a lot of Lies we're
just friends but some for some reason
people just do not like that answer and
they do not think it is true they're
like there's no way that they are
friends they're not friends so maybe
they're related or maybe she's her
teacher um no we're friends and I met
her like when she was 15 14 or 15 and
we've just been friends ever since and
so that's how I matter um let's see guys
how's it go get the charger what wait oh
my god I'm just at a moment when you
spot Colleen be one two three and a
fangirl inside because going ham in
front of that person is unacceptable
wait why didn't you say hi to me Marisa
I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna lick you
from your head to your toes and I'm onna
no Grand Slam and no phone numbers lols
um sorry so wait someone said that this
girl
Debbie's BFF wanted to meet you and she
tweeted you yes she's the girl I saw
with Demi today are you serious
that is crazy oh no that's my computer
telling me was about to die
um oh my god you guys I was fangirling
over Demi and Demi's a friend said she
was saying growing over me so we're all
fangirling over each other and we should
all just be best friends this is the
truth of the matter so I'm gonna make
this happen
I'm not gonna make this happen but I am
going to tweet her back um okay
oh my god my computer's
if you look you tell me at my charger
oh my Computers beeping at me so I need
to go okay I have to go I love you guys
but I need to go because like here it
was going to die in like 3 milliseconds
I don't want to go though I'm like
having fun um the charger I don't want
to go get the charger um okay I got one
broken kollene again when it turn down
the brightness on my computer Reverend
Wayne said what advice would you give
high school seniors waiting for accepts
acceptance / rejection college letters
okay
this is what I want first of all look at
how cute my little fireplaces house you
guys I'm so obsessed in my house it's
like absurd I'm never one to go out of
this house I love it okay so um I
applied to just one college I didn't
know where I wanted to go I didn't know
what I wanted to do I knew I wanted to
be an actress but I didn't think I was
good enough I knew I wanted to be a
singer but I didn't think I was good
enough so scared to apply to any college
I'm gonna tell you something really
personal I'm really embarrassing so I
got straight A's in school which is good
that's not embarrassing that's good but
I was a really bad test taker and I
still AM I'm really bad at trivia I'm
really bad at games I'm really I'm just
not smart in that way and I was really
bad at taking tests
well my SAT scores were very very low
like now you there you need the SAT or
the a CT there's all these different
tests you take now but when I was in
high school we had to take the SATs and
mine were very low like I got horrible
SAT scores but I had straight A's so
every school that I every college I
applied to was like this doesn't make
any sense you have straight A's but your
SAT scores basically say you're special
I'd like my SAT score cerise no so bad
and they and I don't mean that in that
time I really mean I didn't mean that in
mean way I just meant like my SAT scores
were at a level that was not where they
didn't match up with what classes I was
in and the great does getting in my
classes I do not mean that offensively
and I feel like I probably just offended
a bunch of people and I do not
- and I'm really really sorry and I take
that back but my SAT scores were very
very low um anyway no I'm not like
stressed I feel really bad for saying
that I'm really sorry um anyway I think
about that all night now but my CDs bars
were really bad and I could not get into
any college and the college I really
wanted to go to I did not get into and
it sucked and it's embarrassing and it's
hard cuz all your friends are getting
into all these great schools and what if
you don't get in them and then you get
made fun of and that was something I had
to deal with in high school like all my
friends got into obstacles they wanted
to and everyone talked with her SAT
scores and I was horrified and
embarrassed and I would just lie about
it because I was so embarrassed
but I don't you know that if you don't
get accepted into your favorite school
or if you get a bad grade on a test like
you are not alone I've been there and it
is horrifying but everything works out
and it's not the end of the world and um
I ended up having to take my SAT score
at my SATs again I was forced to take
them a second time because the first
time they was so bad I went to special
classes and like tried to learn all the
right stuff for SATs it took it again
still had a really bad score but it was
at the bottom of average so when I went
to school there was like really bad
average and exceptional and the first
time I took it I was in like the really
bad level and then the second time I
took it I was in the lowest of average
and so I was just enough barely made it
into colleges like it was it was very
embarrassing so I know it's stressful I
know it's scary but it does not define
who you are does not mean like I mean it
means something but just don't base your
whole world on it because I'm a very
smart girl and I got straight A's I was
a very good student and I'm smart and
I'm talented and I don't feel cocky or
rude saying those things I think it's
important that we're able to say things
like that about ourselves and I only
have just been able to do that I wasn't
able to do that when I was younger but I
I was a smart girl and I got good grades
but my test scores were so bad because
I'm not good at tests I get
anxiety and I freaked out and stressed
and I doublethink so I know what the
right answer is then they go no way
that's not that I'm not that smart that
can't be the answer I'll put something
else and then I'll write something else
down or answer a different answer just
because I think that I got the wrong
answer to begin with and so anyway just
don't let it freak you out because
everything will be okay and you're gonna
go to a college and you'll have a great
time when you get there and just make
the most of any situation you have and
don't let it define your whole world if
you don't get into a certain college or
if you get a horrible grade don't let it
ruin your day don't let it ruin your
life like you are great regardless of
your grades and regardless of your tests
and regardless of what school you go to
you are awesome and it doesn't define
you as a person so um that's important
and I just wish someone had said that to
me when I was in high school because I
hated myself because I felt really
stupid cuz I did bad on tests so um
that question just jumped out at me a
little bit because hits me personally
there is a sore spot um yeah now when
I'm almost 30 I'm able to look back on
that and be like oh man that wasn't that
important and I was a smart girl and I
didn't think I was and I based my
self-confidence on grades and on tests
which isn't very good especially if I
was especially you're trying hard is my
point because if you're just being lazy
and don't care and don't try then that's
different but I was trying really hard
and I was studying a lot and trying my
hardest so anyway um I just wanted to
say that and that's what I'm gonna
finish this because I cannot believe my
computer's not dead yet I love you guys
thanks for watching and maybe I'll do
another livestream later maybe not I
love you and I need to go back to work
alright
