good morning we are in st. Augustine and
Corey and I are making crafts oh my god
this thing says my battery's dead I
literally just charged this battery
overnight
what but yeah we are making t-shirts for
the whole crew that say Josh Lee mafia
could we play mafia every day and I have
a bunch of phone calls with Netflix look
I could tell you that now today which is
very exciting
we have been slaving away in this random
conference room at a Doubletree making
t-shirts for everybody on the bus so we
have it says Josh lien mafia on the
front and then on the back it has
everyone's names I put a huge tiara
online because I put Josh lien mafia too
low it so look dumb and so then I put
this huge glittery crown you can't tell
in this but it's really freakin sparkly
the finished products josh lien mafia
y'all they look cool I'm excited you
doesn't look like this would have taken
us all day oh but it took us all day did
you shut up you hooker it took us all
day to do this because you did we had to
individually put each cut out each
letter and iron each letter individually
on and do their names on the back so it
took forever we are at our hotel in fort
worth aware oh no wait Fort Worth Fort
Lauderdale Ford something who knows
we're in Florida and I'm gonna go sleep
nothing really happened in this vlog
today so I don't want me to combine it
with tomorrow
not much happened you're gonna put that
dude made us t-shirts and then we drove
all day that's pretty much it did my
hair looks today this is what my kind of
before I straighten it and curling it
all stuff that I do to it it is frizzy
curly wrist ball hi we are in Fort
Lauderdale and the last couple of days
I've been obsessed with doing an ombre
lip which is kind of embarrassing
because it's no one does it and it's
kind of old it was like a fad for hot
second no one does it now so kind of her
thing but I don't care it's fun I had
been an obsessed with lip stuff so this
is all the lip stuff I've just bought on
this tour and I wanted to show you how I
do it
probably the wrong way to do it but it's
how I do it so I want to show you guys
because some of you were asking me how I
do it
so I'm gonna show room on the planner
while this angle though guys I've
noticed a lot of comments recently
talking about all my wrinkles so thank
you it's really sweet of you to point
out those things but yet people talk
about my smile lines a lot and how
prominent they are on my forehead
wrinkles I do a lot of my stuff so my
own like looking like me and you know my
thanks this point genius so my face has
become very wrinkly and I don't care I
like my face so I don't want to make fun
of my wrinkle
I've always had really positive nice
comments for some reason in the last few
weeks it's been all pretty mean so thank
you love you hope you have a great Dan
we she's the best and also I kind of
wish you get diarrhea you know I was
supposed to clean my lips before and I
didn't so I'm gonna start over Rebecca's
gonna come in and help me straighten my
hair in a minute
look how good my hair looks guys I
aligned that sucka okay so I first take
this truffle color lip crap I got it at
Sephora I don't know what this is but
it's really dark and like almost the
color like purple poo doing really
sloppy right now then I take this
wet-and-wild which is like a dollar it's
so cheap and so crap but it's a red from
what one and it's like a matte color and
it stays on like a long time which is
odd because it's like a lot more and you
just kind of keep putting it on and then
blotting it keep it on and talks like
the colors that you want C over a lip so
cool I'm practically a beauty guru we
are about to do our meet and greet in
Fort Lauderdale in Port Vale but there
are like 70 people missing know me do
200 VIP people every show we meet 200
people and the tickets are a little bit
more expensive and you come early and
you get to do a Q&A with us and then
take pictures of everyone for some
reason on this tour there's been a
couple of shows where bunch people
didn't show up and they've said they
were never notified about me being early
and no one told them and how would they
have ever known well it's supposed to
happen is the people who are in charge
of our ticket sales and all that stuff
the people who are like behind the
scenes they're supposed to email every
single person and let you all know that
the meet greet is before at 4:30 I don't
know if it's going to your spam folders
or what's happening but but something
needs to change because this has been 2
or 3 today it's making me so mad guys
I'm not you I am so mad at whoever's in
charge of this because if I were you
like I would be freaking furious if I
spent a lot of money to come and meet
someone that I really admire and I was
on the first people to buy a ticket and
that no one told me was before the show
I missed it like I would be so mad but
anyway I'm really frustrated so this
happened to you if you're watching this
and this happen to you I'm really sorry
it isn't our fault but I will take
responsibility for it because you guys
are important to me
and we want to meet you like that's why
I read the venue earlier so that we can
meet you guys hang out and then now it's
like so many people are missing I just
want to fix it for the future sis
doesn't happen again cuz every time it
happens I truly get so upset like your
tears upset it makes me so mad it's just
not fair it's not fair it's not Thank
You Pat you paid extra then you should
be here and we're just we're bummed that
it's not yeah we're just bummed we want
it to work out for you guys so well I
don't know who to be mad at it's not you
guys obviously it's like I wouldn't even
it myself but it's not my responsibility
email everyone so I don't know anyway
I'm getting so many people who are yeah
let's go love you guys and I'll figure
this out well fuck our mom hey guys so
we just finished the Mean Green and we
met as many people as we could a few
more people trickled in but there's
still like 40 or 50 people missing I
think which is total bummer so we're
going to keep all the meat group stuff
up and hopefully those people will show
up and we'll be able to take a picture
with them right for the show um yeah
hopefully this problem will never happen
again we're trying to figure out a way
this doesn't happen anymore because when
you guys buy tickets to meet me and then
you don't get to meet me it's not fair
and so just so you guys know if you're
watching this and you're going to buy
ticket to a miranne show in the future
or to one of my shows we do the meet
greets before shows so call the theatre
call anyone on the ticket and say when
is the meet greet to know for sure but
it's almost I'd say 99% of time the meet
greet is at 4:00 in the afternoon and
then the shows at 7:00 so it's usually
how it works okay
it's time to go on stage are you ready
fine so I'm very ready my genes are
abnormally aware genes in a crop top but
my genes ripped so now I'm wearing this
like mermaid numbered so I'm a little
bummed though because I liked wearing
the jeans cuz whenever I dress I'm
afraid I'm exposing my behind so I like
wearing pants but whatever this will
have to do all right we are in the
middle of the show and this is section
store Josh's on stage for like 5-10
minutes alone and then I have a section
where I turn around and I'm Miranda for
like factum sections 10 minutes of the
show um she was going really well the
audience is amazing which is really fun
also my arm is killing me today and I
think it's because I did all the arts
and crafts yesterday or was it yeah it
was yesterday in this vlog um I did all
this cutting and ironing and all this
stuff and it really really hurt my arm
today I'm not supposed to ease my arm
and I used to be just so stupid and so
now I'm paying the price I'm in so much
pain today like so much pain so if you
guys see me not wearing my sling yell at
me please um like right now I should be
but I'm doing a show so anyway I love
you guys ah
josh is starting to sing which means I
want to Natalie we're back on the bus I
just wasn't smug say thanks for watching
love you guys and tomorrow tomorrow
we're in October on David draw and
Joshua's parents are coming to the show
tomorrow which is very exciting so yeah
I love you guys and I will
you
Hey
