uh what's up we are in New Orleans New
Orleans New Orleans I always say it
wrong cuz I was in New Orleans I like
really pronounced it but I guess you're
supposed to say New Orleans
we slept oh my god my battery's gonna
die balls we slept on the bus last night
because we had a long drive from Texas
to Louisiana we're excited for the show
and everyone to go get Starbucks but I
don't want to get out of bed because we
are they are delayed with the soundcheck
just some annoying we're like two whole
minutes
Josh threw a debuff it didn't you Josh
yeah so look at these cute little
theater it's painting only like 600
seats and the stage is really small too
yeah we're about to do sound check
okay so we just finished the meet great
it went really well
Matt I need a bunch of you and have a
lot of us meeting and I wanted to show
you nice
I'll hold the awesome presidency beauty
vest because Cory and Rebecca are
organizing the presence right now so
that we can go through them all on the
bus but I want to show I want to show
them all that school presidency had so
Cory and Rebecca organized everything
and like separate clothes and food and
everything in the letters so that it's
all in place where like I can see it all
when we get on the bus oh my god you
should do a video oh my god that's so
amazing you got a lot of Union tapes
which are big and this must be really
good
oh my God look at this lot of these
Bears be nice to people
teddy bear and this one's me wearing a
onesie how cute is that there's like all
this stuff Marni drop peas and cookies
oh my gosh these pillows all right
that's time to go signs and posters and
try to get somewhere to grumpy before
the show in all me as the meet and greet
in New Orleans try to give instruction I
just distracted is this a blog yeah oh
my god I love blogs
Joshua a view of our vlog before you
should try it give me a try vlogging
yeah what this it's broken mind is the
2-mile and log e ha so we just finished
the show New Orleans and it
interesting every show and every city is
very different and tonight the audience
was great they were just way quieter
than how it usually is they're pretty
silent the whole show which was very odd
because we're used to everyone like
screaming and being super stoked the
whole show and I think these people are
stuck they were just like certainly
stoked and then the sound went out
during my song during myself with the
ukulele and I play the ukulele but it
also plays on the video so you can hear
it to the speakers and the sound went
out the video went out so then I was
playing it on the ukulele and put a mic
up the ukulele to try to get people to
hear that but it was out of tune and it
was weird and it was awkward and it was
just a really uncomfortable shoe but now
we are eating po boys cuz that is what
New Orleans is known for so I'm gonna
try it in front of you guys nice the po
boy before you do that
so that
oh yeah that's good Potter so we're
leaving but I want to show you some of
it you okay T to a state out by the bus
for a super long time
playing mafia I just died kill will snip
Matt's dead and Suzanne his life because
you I thought
Susanna's mafia but she's not well if
you're dead I just died
I'm dead sadly this is not right
Rebecca therefore you wanna be killed
usually when he's not as popular pants
like this
Kenneth and he dies beyond doubt the
Mafia in this queen mafia could be
Rebecca or Kenneth first work for each
on the hood a new Chris raise your hand
if you think Kristen
good oh you got a mind change raise your
hand if you think Kenneth did it
- - what do you do nervous he looks
okay so Chris is said all right we are
at a bus stop now and where are we this
is where we spend most of our time when
we're on the road truck stops here we
have the most Southwest real though we
have stops yeah that's basically what
our tours bikes we play a games on the
bus and then we go to truck stops it's
pretty late so you can't lean upon us 11
or something summit in this vlog
so give this video a like if you're
enjoying the vlogs because I'm planning
on continuing to do them for as much as
I can I'll try to remember to do it
every day you guys know how bad I am at
vlogging though so I'm gonna try but I
love you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
tomorrow we're gonna be in Pensacola I
don't know about it I had no idea they
had um gay bars here I love me the most
I thought the vlog was over until I saw
that so I guess the vlog isn't over cozy
and keep them really bad a blog name
this cozy has diamonds on it this is Ole
Miss I'll be Mississippi did you find
out where I'm Mississippi I'm getting it
for Chris because Chris loves a cozy
Christopher Robin and lobs a cozy
