guys we are here in Houston tank sauce
howdy
and we're about to buy a mic so we're
gonna rehearse this song right now the
sexiest Christmas song and look who's
here can I make your sing tonight guys
are in the middle of dish well Josh was
on stage with Matt right now it sounded
last-minute to add bamboo chokes you're
singing today they're going to get a
little break right now and then I'm
gonna go
hey guys we are on the bus now the show
just ended and just good show
I couldn't get my Miranda shirt on which
is never happened to me before it was
into terrifying during the quick change
I change in the middle of a song for me
in juvey random and it's really fast it
happens really fast I put on the shirt
they put on the pants and for the Crocs
put the hair clips in it into the
lipstick and today I try to put on a
shirt and a shirt like the arm flipped
inside out and then the other one
flipped inside out I couldn't get the
shirt on I couldn't get the pants on it
was awful it was very terrifying so that
but I thought I would take this time to
give you a little tour of the bus and
introduce you to our crew so
everything's a mess right now but this
is the same as me Ron during summer camp
but this is my approach this is the
bedroom account fest but Josh and I
sleep in here so this is where I keep in
these mirrors it's like things and I
keep my dirty laundry extra pillows and
blankets there and then I always have
like a couple bags with me would like
toiletries and whatever so that's our
bed and then I have this little like a
vanity mirror area with the sink over
here is little closet and here is about
but you know let's do it then here is a
shower which we don't use use it for
storage then we have thongs
it's Cory's bunk important right now
hands bunk I think
let me show you more this is Suzanne she
hates when I felt Mary so I'm leaving
Suzanne is my queen this is our
microwave wait these are my brothers our
fridge and freezer what is our like
kitchen area what the shoes where all
our what is this is our trash can down
he put stuff in there and it disappears
amazing like look here's my husband and
Matt's here right now which is a
surprise they saw penny or Kenneth
actually he's my favorite
french-canadian human oh no my brother
Colin comes just and he does he does a
projector and he does all tech stuff and
he's amazing and I make him dance the
show every night McKenna is like the
best person in the world
thank you I love y'all I love yo Joe
this is Christopher Robin could actually
just Chris but I can't of Christopher
Robin and he is kind of like Jesus where
he like makes miracles happen like so
like if I'm my god I feel like I want
chicken all the sinners like in my hand
every make sure we have a lead a sleeve
and the real faith and we're all alive
and we're all happy so Christopher Robin
is the man
and then up here
this is john arbusto but you can't see
him but john is the best in the whole
world he's like the papa of this tour he
is like the best guy in the world he's
like a wonderful teddy bear used when I
hug him hang out with everyday I'm the
oldest guy I don't know I'm pretty old
John's the best and he's retiring after
this tour and he said he'd come out of
retirement to go on tour with me again
if I ever going to her again so I'm
gonna hold you to it okay good John's
the best ever so that is our happy
family and then of course there's this
ho okay um and Cory's asleep I'm gonna
go back to the back of the bike okay but
that is our happy family that's my tour
family if you guys ever see any of the
crew if you come to my shows and you see
any of them like tell them how wonderful
they are and how much you love them
because they do such a good job making
sure I'm safe and I'm taken care of and
the show goes smoothly and they're just
incredible I can't say enough good
things so I love my crew I wanted to
take a quick minute to talk about
something really fast
and then I'm going to say goodbye honest
Bob but I posted a picture on Instagram
today of me kissing Josh and so the
picture I was like sideways because Josh
so I looked really skinny
the comments on that photo we're so mean
like it's so
mean about how I was too skinny and how
ugly I was even look she has no ass
she's no but she's no boobs even flat
ass syndrome she's so ugly Rose ha ha ha
attacking me they're friends like oh
look at how ugly our asses look how ugly
you were stomach too skinny like just
the meanest comments about my body and I
wasn't none of the comments made me
think like oh my god I'm ugly because
I'm actually like I'm fairly confident I
would say it took me a long time to get
there I've always been really insecure
about my body but more recently I've
been pretty confident just finding
self-worth and like learning how to love
myself has become a part of my life and
so it didn't bug me because of that well
but I didn't bug me because I thought
like oh now I'm not gonna love myself it
bugged me because I was like who would
do that like why what do you get out of
that like I just don't understand the
thought process of like oh I'm going to
tell her how ugly she is because that
will make me feel better or that will
make someone laugh like I don't really
get what the point is of doing that
especially because like I was just
thinking you know if I were a super
curvy girl like and had you know huge
butt and like huge boobs and I had a
little more weight to me and I was
bigger
in people were saying you look how ugly
her body is look how gross her big butt
is look how gross her big stomach is
people would be furious like it would be
so angry that people were poking fun of
a girl who's bigger but for some reason
because I'm skinny it's okay to do that
and I just don't understand the logic
behind it and I've never dealt with it
before because recently I've lost a
little bit of weight and the reason I've
lost weight is because I have been under
a lot of stress and when I'm under
stress this might be too too much
information but I poop a lot
so I'm eating a lot of food but I'm
hoping more than I'm eating and I'm
going to go to the doctor for because
it's something that's been going on a
lot but I've also been running around a
lot more and dealing with a lot more
stuff and so I have been eating just as
much as I always do it's not more I'm
eating like four meals a day
but my tabble ism is just like jumped up
to the roof and I'm cooling a lot and so
I've gotten skinnier but it's not that
I'm not healthy it's not that I'm trying
to be skinny it's not going out of my
way
even if I was like who cares like why
does it bother bother you the only
people who should care about what my
body looks like is me and my husband
like No
it doesn't affect you so I just don't
understand why people feel the need to
be go out of their way to tell me how
ugly I am like what good is that do like
make you feel better because I know a
lot of girls who get made fun of for
what their body looks like and they end
up
or hate themselves work
linking really deep awful dark thoughts
and it's because people say stuff like
that so I just don't like I just don't
understand like I've never had to deal
with it that bad before
like people have always kind of made fun
of my body but like it's gotten really
bad when since I've lost you know five
ten pounds people have just every time I
post a picture that shows any part of my
body people decide to make fun of how my
foods are smaller my I don't have a five
you look how she has no but look how
skinny she is you I can see her bones
all this stuff that I can't control like
I have no I didn't I didn't choose my
body I didn't choose the way my nose
looks I didn't choose when my body looks
I'm not going out of my way and I'm not
not eating I'm not working out too much
I'm not doing any of those things
and people are making fun of me because
I just doesn't
and like I just don't understand
yeah I just wanted to bring that up and
say another thing I noticed is that most
of it was coming from women like most of
us coming from girls girls were making
fun of thinking girls were making fun of
my body girls were talking crap about
the way I looks which surprised me even
more because you would think of me from
boys but the girls what are you doing
it's like we have it hard enough in this
world there's our you so much sexism in
the world there's already so many people
against us there's already men
sexualizing our bodies and judging us
based on how we look we don't need to do
that to each other to like stop what are
you doing it it's not helping anything
like love your body love the way that
you look and
the way other women look but it's not
you're not hurting anyone by saying I
love her body and I love my body that's
only positive your current people by
saying because yes I'm I'm going to read
your comments saying how ugly I am for
being skinny and I'm like oh that's rude
I wonder why they said that
but what if another girl reads that who
is as skinny as me other skinny girls
may not be like oh it's it means you're
ugly if you're skinny means you're ugly
if you don't really have a big butt it
means you're ugly if your boobs are
smaller means you're ugly if you can see
your bones I'm ugly like I don't want
other girls seeing that so
you know it's just something to think
about and I just encourage you all to
be nice to people especially girls be
nice to other girls don't body shame
you're beautiful however your body loves
I think you're beautiful and you should
too and I just want to kind of encourage
you guys to do that and also let you
know that if I see any comments like
that whether your body shaving me or
body shaming one of my friends or body
shaming each other I will block you like
I'm going to block you and I don't think
that's being a coward I think that's
just not standing up for I'm not going
to talk to you and give you attention
because you don't deserve it but I will
make sure that you can't do that again
so if you want to leave our horrible
rude mean comments I will not let you
comment on my videos I will not let you
comment on my pictures any more because
I don't approve of or accept negativity
and mean things
really rubbed me the wrong way anyway
I'm having a great time on tour and I
love this boss I love the people I went
and I love you guys a lot and I just
wanted to send out a little reminder to
be nice to each other and be nice to me
and be nice to yourselves and love your
body and love who you are
and the way that you are made because
there's nothing wrong with you unless
you're are horribly rude person
then maybe you should check yourself a
little bit but yeah guys and I'll see
drown
you
