ha coins so I've decided that I'm going
to vlog a little bit while I'm on tour I
am still taking a break kind of from
YouTube I haven't been editing or
posting anything on my psycho soprano
channel but I want to vlog while I'm on
tour because I'm on a Josh leaning to
her right now with my husband but Cory
is my new assistant and best friend and
lifesaver and so he's gonna help me with
editing and other stuff while I'm on the
road so make sure to subscribe to him
and say thank you for helping me out but
yeah right now we are working on
scrapbooking because I scrapbook every
tour so this whole book is full of the
summer camp tour that I did and now
we're adding Thalia to do the Josh lead
tour it's so cool were on the bus we
just had our first show in Anaheim and
it went well I was with whoa learn to
vlog it went well I was really nervous
about it because I felt like we didn't
really know what we were doing
but I think it went well it was really
fun I think the audience liked it it's a
fun show it's just me and Josh beam
goofing around and being silly and then
Miranda comes onstage for the day as
much oh but my mom gave me a care
package for the tour and she gave me
like she knows I left a scrapbook so she
gave me of all these stickers of like
all the places that were going it was so
cute so thanks mommy
you're the best so we are scrapbooking
right now and we're on our way to San
Diego I don't have footage from the day
at all it was a really stressful day but
yeah we're headed to San Diego and I'm
gonna try as hard as I can to vlog on
this trip I can't guarantee anything you
guys know how good I am at logging but
yeah that's all I will update you on a
scrapbook column
yeah we're in Phoenix so it looks like
I'm just doing like one take wonders for
every city we're in this is a really
good angle and we're about to do a sound
check right now and I'm wearing last
night we were stranded watching
Bachelorette crazy things and then all
of a sudden some steam rose from the
back of the bus smells so merged like it
was burning inside we went outside and
what happened the van I mean the bus was
on fire so we had to pull over and got
some coolant and we all ran into the
bathroom because we are afraid we're
gonna get shot outside or something but
then we got inside kind of up in some
bedsheets and sang stories and kumbaya
and all that and then the bus
started working again so it went on our
way and we all went to bed but clean
that is actually a true story
sounds like you made it up story time we
did get stranded our phones working the
bus kind of like started smoking last
night and our phones weren't working
because we were so close to the border
we were practically in Mexico and we're
stranded at a gas station the bus was
smoking for a really long time so that
did actually happen he's not lying
ha so today my heart I
look at my shirt first of all
schizophrenic but that is me as a baby
looking hideous as ever and it's on a
shirt and I'm so excited these are some
of the newer shirts that we have so I
just shot a video kind of explaining
whoa camera focus get your ish together
so I just kind of filmed a little video
explaining what tour has been like and
the craziness that has been going on
because we are currently stranded in
Arizona and our bus exploded near Mexico
and then everyone has seen my vagina and
there's just a lot happening so if you
want to hear the full story go subscribe
to my main channel because that's going
up on Tuesday which I don't know if this
is already up by then but yeah so I am
in my room I need to pack it up I also
need to put my sling back on I just took
it off so I could change my clothes but
I need to put back on anyway we are
headed to El Paso today and we're
getting on a different bus a new bus
which is odd so we're gonna do that and
we're driving I think it's like a seven
or eight hour drive to El Paso and the
air conditioning just went on anyway I
am I'm going to try to pack up because
we have to get down to the bus in like
45 minutes and I kind of wanted to go to
Walmart so the struggle is real but
today's a day off we don't have a show
tonight which is really weird I'm used
to doing like Miranda tours and ran to
shows where I have like the show every
single night for like a month and I
don't get myself a break and then my
body explodes but this tour really we
only had three shows in a row and then
now I have a day off which is really
weird for me I'm used to like just go go
go why is this one hair straight and all
the other ones are curly alright I'm
gonna go pack and watch making a
murderer on Netflix because it's
incredible I'm obsessed with Netflix
it is like my lover my girlfriend my
wife right now so big fan
hallo ah Rabbani we're in Texas I bought
these here ear things at a truck stop
last night and they're probably the
ugliest things in the world the quarry
and I couldn't resist and they were
expensive to these really ten bucks
so I'm gonna get good use out of them
and wear them you've nowhere in Texas
where it's not that gold how are you
doing some up today Joshua I'm great
feels like we've done right a month
worth of shows your arm looks so good
we had some drama which I told you a
little bit about yesterday with the bus
and we're still on this new bus we're
waiting for our old bus an old bus
driver to come get us we have a show in
El Paso Texas tonight and I am wearing a
pizza onesie this vlog is a bit less
tougher we are now in where are we Fort
Worth Texas and we're at the mall
because we have the day off and so
naturally we came to the mall to shop a
little bit but um mostly we just came to
the mall because we wanted to ride these
things so that's Rebecca on a zebra
Cory's on a dog there she blows
hairs so it is January 14th we are in
Fort Worth and I still have not uploaded
this vlog I have been vlogging one
little clip every day and I haven't
uploaded it yet maybe I'll try to do
that today but probably not because this
big day I'm very excited I get to
announce my Netflix show today I'm so
excited you guys you have no idea how
excited I am I can't even express I
can't even put it in words I'm probably
gonna cry a lot today I'm just so happy
I have been working on this show for
years actual years my brother and I
started writing some of the characters
and the concepts probably four or five
years ago and then we hired new writers
probably year and a half or two years
ago and we've been working with the
writers and then Netflix picked up the
show nine months ago and we've been
working with Netflix for nine eight or
nine months and we've hired writers
we've hired producers we know what we're
shooting it we hired casting directors
like everything is done but for some
reason it did not feel like it was
actually happening until I could tell
you guys about we even have an office
like I've been going to work every day
from like 10:00 to 6:00
I've been in the office working writing
what I'm not onto her and I have been
able to tell you guys about it I'm just
excited I'm excited I I want this I
don't I don't even know how to talk I'm
I'm really excited like I am obsessed
with Netflix and this is where I knew I
wanted the show to go and so the fact
that they picked it up and we're like
yeah we want to do this show it's just
mind-boggling to me you know like it's
I don't even talk like it's it's not
like I'm it's not like they're saying go
make a show and we'll upload it to
Netflix like it is a Netflix original
series so like oranges in your black or
like unbreakable kimmy schmitt house of
cards like all these incredible Netflix
original series like now I am part of
that like this
it's haters back off and Netflix
original series like Netflix it's their
show so
it's just nuts the big deal we've been
working really hard on it and now I get
to talk about it all the time which is
so cool I finally get to talk about
every time I say I have a meeting or
I've got something I have to go do now I
don't have to do that I can just be like
hey I'm gonna go meet when Netflix right
now hey I'm meeting with my writers
today like I can just tell you what I'm
doing so I'm really really excited but I
got on the bus today and look what Cory
did for me it says Netflix and chill
congratulations and there's all these
decorations everywhere so cute that's
really sweet
anyway I have to poop so I'm gonna go
but I'm freaking out and I'm really I
have to poop because I'm freaking them
I'm so excited
what I'm excited I poop a lot is that
weird probably okay bye I have to post
somewhere I need to post somewhere no
one first okay I'm about to post I'm
about to post some random video saying
that I am doing a Netflix show okay it's
crazy
at what point in the video does she
announced it is it was like a minute in
so it's of a second and I haven't posted
my Nana's Republic to change Dominic
usually it saved
I'm still nervous okay
I'm done for right now this is crazy
come back to later finally I feel baby
as them but okay all right I'm gonna go
that's the video show I didn't vlog
yesterday yesterday we are in Austin and
today we are in sound check right now
and I've decided now I'm gonna start
actually logging every day so this is
just one long combined vlog of what
we've done so far it's been a bagel
mumble jumble of everything but from
here and I'm gonna start vlogging kind
of more consistently so hope you guys
like it and
