this is working hi guys
let me tweet this out this link I look
like Satan right now it is where it
being Colleen so clearly I'm not wearing
any makeup right now I look terrifying I
just filmed a bunch of Miranda videos
and I was about to UM put on my makeup
which usually I do in my bed while I'm
watching youtube videos instead of
watching YouTube videos I thought I
would do a livestream since I'm not
making YouTube videos this week well I
did just fill a bunch Miranda videos but
I'm not editing them if anyone watches
it um this is what my hair looks like
when I wake up if I can't straighten my
hair which I can't because I'm a gimpy
McGee my hair is naturally like frizzy
curly and this is what it looks like so
when I can't use my arm um oh wait
everyone saying it's not working it's on
private what an idiot I am frizzy curly
and this is what it looks like so when I
can't use my arm save um so now it
should work oh wait and one thing it's
not working okay it should be working
okay not to be working okay so anyway um
time if it's working now because it
wasn't working and I suck come on Quinn
oh yeah everyone's talking about how
terrifying it like I know um we keep are
saying it's not working you guys suck
you're not you guys we it is working
some say it's working some say it's not
working I don't know what to do this is
always the struggle of a live stream it
hasn't begun it's working
what thank you
why are people saying it's not working
whatever but the people who can see
hello
so anything I thought I would do um what
I always do which is I always do my
makeup in bed and watch YouTube videos
but today I thought well what if I
changed it up a little bit and made a
youtube video while I was doing my
makeup oh god my hair is in same
principle so I wanted to talk oh my god
you know they just did I put my makeup
on this hand so that I could use this
with my other hand and dirt on my face
not supposed to use his hand so I just
scraped it off okay mmm I can't do
anything when I lived in oh my god this
is horrible
okay so anyway I wanted to explain like
what's going on my arm what's going on
my life cuz there's a lot and I feel
there was like a where's Colleen is she
dead
hashtag or something either day which
was strange there's my makeup all over
my lips no I'll just eat it um what was
that about everyone thought that I died
or something and I don't know why um I'm
doing a horrible job you guys know how
hard it is to do your makeup with your
opposite hand um anyway everyone thought
I had
the other day because I didn't tweet for
12 hours or something it was so odd and
also everyone on the internet thinks
there's something wrong with me Josh
like I don't know what is going on
but like the Internet is exploding and
making things up and so I thought I
would come on here and do a live stream
even though I'm broken and I'm not gonna
edit anything I'm not gonna do a real
video but I wanted to kind of talk about
what is going on with you guys um first
Josh you know moving and everyone was
panicking and people thought I was
moving out and like Josh men were
breaking up and which is crazy and
people thought there was something wrong
because we were moving and there's
nothing wrong with just moved we bought
a house and we moved and everyone
thought that like there's no way that
could have been a happy thing everyone
thought it was a bad thing and
everyone's sad and like I don't know
it's just weird like it's it's weird I
can't explain it but everyone is like
freaking out and I just want to let you
guys know that I'm happy and I'm excited
and we love our new house
and we hated the old house you're in and
we were dying to get out of there and
that's why we left and it's not
something to freak out about it's not
something to worry about so that's
number one we love our new house and
eventually we will show you more of the
house but right now it's a mess and
there's just boxes everywhere and also
we're gonna try to keep this house a
little bit more private just because the
last house we showed a lot of and um
which we wanted to do and we always want
to do that we love showing our lives
however people figured out where we
lived and we're coming to our house all
the time and knocking on the door and
leaving notes on our door every day
sending stuff to our mailbox opening our
mail opening our packages and um we felt
really unsafe and so I don't I just I'm
not a fan of that behavior so I was also
just really excited to get out with the
house because of that reason and that's
another reason why we're gonna try to
keep this house a little bit more
private because since we bought this
house we're gonna live here for a really
long time and
don't want people to figure out where
we're living and like common basically
harass us at our home especially since
we're emos start having kids soon and we
don't want you know the doorbell ringing
because someone wants a picture with
Miranda and my baby's asleep you know
stuff like that
I am not pregnant that's another thing
people are speculating people think that
I'm pregnant I'm not pregnant oh my god
this is so hard to deal with this hand
um so that's the other thing is everyone
thinks that I'm pregnant I've seen
comments are like I know she's pregnant
I have proof and I am not pregnant um
trust me that would be horrible I mean I
want a baby but I didn't want a baby
right now there's too much stuff going
on um so that's that and then I make
it's gonna look terrible today and then
what else that I want to talk about oh
my arm
I don't want anyone to be worried to
freak out about my arm either like yes I
mean sling so it looks jarring that's
like lonely then what's wrong but it's
really like it's fine it's my own fault
that I'm in the sling and it's because I
didn't listen to my doctors so the moral
story is just listen to your doctor when
your doctor says don't use your arm or
don't do this or eat that or whatever
they tell you should probably do it cuz
always is gonna get worse and my arm was
getting better I was getting all these
shots and my arm was getting better and
I was feeling great I could use my arm
all the time I was editing everything
was good um but that was the issue is
that my doctor was like even if it feels
better you shouldn't be using it a lot
you can be resting it and I wasn't
resting it and so then it got really bad
again
and that's kind of what happened so um
I'm trying to rest it as much as I can
but now I'm about to photons bronzer and
I'm really stressed about it I look at
terrifying yeah this is all hard to do
with its hand oh my god I look like I'm
trying to do blackface or something
really awful oh my god
this is so awful you guys don't even
know
how hard is okay I don't know what I'm
doing
wow this looks terrible I look insane
okay anyway listen I ain't going
anywhere today
I am okay so other exciting news we're
going on tour and it's freaking out
about it we're really nervous about it
because we're writing the show and we're
really behind on writing the show
shocker tell Deutz is um but i think
it'll be good
I'm I'm excited I'm trying to use this
lagging thing as like my near and it's
impossible whoa this flicks really yeah
I'm gonna put on lipstick so I don't
look like a crazy person okay I'm like
shaking
no okay
so what do you guys I'm talked about I'm
gonna look at my Twitter and see what
you guys won't talk about no I'll just
keep talking as I'm doing my makeup and
I'm gonna what I'm gonna do with my hair
cuz I cannot be seen in public like this
I looked terrifying what I'm doing a
livestream
hi I'll come down and get it thank you
I'm doing live streams yeah hi live
stream say hi they think we hate each
other what I've seen a lot of comments
about how like when we were moving Josh
he's moving out I don't want to tell
don't be like that
I'm started they're gonna say regardless
Shana said are you stoked to watch
fuller house on Netflix heck yes I am
people said they loved my hair it looks
insane right now I was like stringing
frizzy talk about Josh's pregnancy I
know I am worried about Josh this baby
he's been working overworking himself
and just really worried that the baby's
not gonna do well with that um I just
fired it talk about names for your
future cat that's from Marissa Nord we
do want to get a cat we're hoping to get
the cat I don't know what should we name
our cat I don't think we're gonna know
until we see the cat I mean I get to
know I'm really weird about cats I'm
like obsessed with them what do you
think she named her cat we do me a favor
you put on my mascara I just can't put
it on with my lips I could try to do it
like my husband does my makeup all over
you oh my god
how's it going I can't talk to me you're
doing pretty good huh
a little bit
is this thrilling you guys oh my god
this is scary you're very patient look
at that
you put my mascara on good job now that
I know you can do it you'll do it every
day
ha ha ha okay that's good enough to be
seen in public I don't need to do much
else okay
I'm gonna look at what you guys are
saying will you come to Colorado sure
can we do that hash can you start a
hashtag we can I'm probably not going on
this much longer I'll probably only the
onion for like two more minutes the
hashtag is wTF is this hair
Asajj time cuz WTF why is it doing this
what are you
why goes on put the picture of Josh
being women goes at goals okay Jennifer
Rodriguez said what went through your
mind when you saw your house for the
first time how did it feel so Josh and I
had been searching for a house for
months like for half of this year we've
been looking for half of last year we've
been looking for houses and we'd been
looking at houses and trying to find the
right one and it was really really
frustrating like trying to find the
house was very frustrating because we
couldn't find anything that we liked and
finally we saw this house we saw
pictures of this house and I was like
hey that was it's kind of nice how come
we haven't seen that one yet and it was
further away than we wanted to live so
it was it's further away from LA and we
didn't want that so we were like hmm we
won't even go see it but then eventually
we couldn't find anything that
right and we were like well let's just
go look at this house and literally I'm
not kidding I walked and I opened the
front door and I took one step in and I
was like this is it like it was like no
question I walked in I was like oh my
god this is my house this is our house
and Josh felt the same way and when Josh
walked in he was like oh my god this is
the house and so we knew it was the
house we wanted and we told the seller
and everyone involved that like we
wanted this house we didn't get the
house if you really wanted it and
basically we put an offer on the house
and the next day they accepted the offer
and like it just happened so fast like
it was like we don't paperwork and
everything and that part was kind of
annoying but like as far as like putting
it off on the house and getting accepted
and all that stuff it went pretty
quickly so it was really exciting
because this is like I the thing is I
was nervous because I was like if we
don't get this house I will probably
never buy a house because it's the only
house I ever want like it it's perfect
we looked at so many houses and
everything was fine but we just didn't
have that special feeling like when you
people would say like when you when you
try on your wedding dress and you find
the one you know it's the one you tried
on we call this is the one I never felt
that I never put on my wedding dress and
was like oh my god this is my gown like
I never felt that way and same thing
with them I guess I felt that the only
things I felt that way was is Josh when
I met Josh I was like oh this is it he's
the one and when I walked in this house
but everything else in my life I've
never felt that way about I've never and
I was expecting to with my wedding stuff
because everyone talks about your
wedding and it's like how when you find
the right venue you walk out you know
it's this is the venue and you put on
the right dress you know it's the dress
and every dress I tried on I was like
it's pretty but I don't know and even
the dress that I did have I liked it but
I was like I don't have that feeling
it's just to me it was just like it's a
pretty dress and um and so I don't know
I thought I was that type of person that
could feel
way about anything but this house is
pretty killer it's so good really really
happy really excited and that's another
reason why I'm able to like take the
week off to be my sling because every
other time the doctors told me to not
use my arm I've ignored him and I've
just kept editing kept working kept
doing random stuff whatever um because I
I didn't have anything else to do I was
like I don't want to be at my house and
do nothing I hated the house I was in
and this house I went he's like you have
to take a week off was like I can just
sit in my house and drink coffee by the
fireplace I don't have to do anything
it's so I was like okay I won't and he
was like what but I was all excited to
not do anything cuz this house is
amazing however I did film for 5 mm-hmm
I've come to a lot of Miranda videos
this morning um and I'm stockpiling for
tour because we're going on tour on
Friday we have shown Anaheim and so I'm
trying to come a bunch of videos this
week so that when I go on tour I don't
have to stress about filming stuff but I
did hire an editor because I obviously
can't do it
some other exciting news is so as you
guys know I used to go on tour all the
time with my sister Rachel and at the
end of last year my sister said I want
to do my own thing I am working so much
for you that I can't focus on my youtube
channel and my stuff I want to do which
I totally understand um she can't just
cuz working with me is full-time like
every day helping me film videos going
to meetings going to interviews and
running errands like it's constant 24/7
job and so you can't really work with me
and also do other things really kind of
so um she needed to quit it was time for
her to quit I was really sad and I'm
super bummed that this year
she's not gonna come with me on tour but
that's okay because I hired someone knew
exactly about it but I can't announce
that yet I know I just did that thing
that's really annoying but you'll know
within like AI BAE who it is I just
don't wanna be the one to make the
announcement this person is going to
make the announcement and I'm really
really excited to go on tour with this
person and to be with this person every
single day and I think you guys are
gonna be really excited about this versa
okay so let's see my hair is insane
every time I see my hair I'm like
shocked and terrified I love you guys
are actually using that hashtag what the
 is is there any Miranda updates
that's from Rosie and McKean Rosie
McKean well I just filmed a bunch of
Miranda videos I will follow yours any
Keane remember what I said I was gonna
stop live-streaming in two minutes and
it's been like 10 um story of my life so
Miranda is fine I I can't really tell
you any new things that are happening
yet and it's not my fault
I want to tell you everything that's
going on but other people are saying I
can't do that yet so I have to wait but
um
Moran is going on tour I'm going to a
lot of fun places this year um going to
Vancouver and and Washington DC and
Nashville and like there's a bunch of
fun places I'm doing like little one-off
shows like I'm going for like a day and
then coming back but in hopefully
nothing is confirmed but keep your
fingers crossed hopefully this year I'm
gonna make it back over to the UK person
tour dates but nothing's confirmed yet
and we have to wait on other things but
I've been emailing my agent like
constantly like please I want to go back
so um like I said nothing's confirmed
but we're working on it
the hopefully I'll go back to the UK
this year what else
Miranda brand has a new room because
we're in a new house and here's the
downgrade of this house there's not
really downgrade that I don't have a
separate room for Miranda anymore so the
old house Miranda had her own bedroom
this house she does some this house
Miranda is sharing a bedroom with me
that sounds weird because brenda is me
but it's my office and the Miranda room
so half of the room is like Colleen's
corner and my desk and my pictures and
my equipment and my printer and all my
paperwork like half of the room is like
an office and half of the room is the
Miranda wall Miranda she'll some random
clothes so it's half and half which is
kind of weird but I think it's gonna be
better I didn't want to take up two
rooms wandering for my office in one
room for Miranda because we wanted to
have a guest room for people and also we
wanted to have like a room for a baby if
I have a baby someday so if we had a
Miranda room and my office then where's
the baby gonna sleep so when we have
babies they need to have rooms um so I
have a sharing room with Miranda so
that's kind of an update on Miranda I'm
looking at my Twitter I see she has a
saying you guys I'm farting and it
smells so bad so people are saying so
it's just like the apartment it's not
just like the apartment because those
who've you been watching a while you
know that I had an apartment before we
lived at that last house and now we're
the new house we move a lot um but that
last house or the last apartment we are
in we had a two-bedroom apartment one
bedroom was Josh in my room and the
other bedroom was my office and Joshua's
office and the Miranda room so it was a
tiny room it was really small a tiny
room where we had Colleen's corner the
Miranda wall a closet that half the
closet was my stuff half the closet with
Josh's stuff a while for Josh's stuff
and Josh's desk and a futon in there so
that people could sleep in
if they came over so it was like the
room was like three room four rooms and
one it was Josh's office my office the
Miranda room and the guest room online
so it was really small so it's not like
that because this new room at this house
is a lot bigger and it's just my office
and the Miranda room it's not like
Josh's office - Josh has his own space
here um so it's not like the old
apartment
I like that apartment a lot and tabatha
said worst fight you and Josh ever got
into oh my god getting deep Joshua and I
um we fight quite a bit um are we
getting big fights but we always we
always are okay after I don't know the
biggest fight we've gotten and I guess I
don't know I have no idea I don't
remember we getting Tiff's a lot because
we both are very passionate people and
we both are very driven people and we
both are like always right so like I
always know that I am right and he
always knows that he is right and so
when we have different opinions we're
both like well I'm right and you're
wrong and so we getting a lot of tips
but we always end it well and since
we've gotten married we've gotten really
good at that like we've gotten really
good at being more understanding of each
other
um but everyone fights anyone who says
they don't like that either lying or
they're an alien like couples fight
you're with someone 24/7 like you're
gonna fight and so um but I don't know
what the biggest fight is I actually
have no idea like nothing pops in my
mind and if something did I probably
wouldn't tell you to be honest um see
Jake Miranda la Faber said are you going
to do a house tour I love you so much
please follow me followed you and I
explained a little bit earlier in this
live stream but I'll say it again we are
eventually gonna do like a tour of parts
of the house but I don't think we'll
ever do like a full house tour because
um we want to keep some things like kind
of private just cuz the last house meet
showed everything in the house we showed
the backyard be sure to every room we
showed sometimes there's like the front
of the house and the street that we
lived on and stuff and um people found
out where we lived which was kind of our
own fault sort of but people figured out
where we lived and people kind of
started harassing us coming to our door
and ring the doorbell and opening our
mail and leaving packages and Mail on
our doorstep and we just didn't feel
safe and we felt violated
so we're not gonna show off too much of
this house cuz we want to try to keep it
as private as possible just because we
want to show you everything but we know
that there are people who do watch who
won't respect our privacy and so we're
trying to be careful with what we show
and what we talk about
so yeah well dude we'll do a tour of
some of the rooms this is the bedroom
this is not bad but I am doing a Miranda
Miranda doing the room tour I think this
week yeah on Thursday so you'll see that
um trying to refresh but my twitter is
really slow right now Oh Hannah Casey
said where did you find your onesie okay
so if you guys watch the Queen's corner
I talked about this onesie being lost
and I found it in the trunk of Joshua's
car so it was lost for months I could
not find that I was devastated and now I
found it and I wear it like it every day
okay let's see Cody Murray McManus said
what's your favorite memory I have a lot
of favorite memories I don't think I
could pinpoint just one if I'm talking
about career stuff um I got there's so
many like good random memories the first
time seeing Miranda's my face on
Broadway which was two years ago exactly
two years ago um I stopped and it was
one of the coolest memories it's one of
the coolest moments I've ever had in my
life and I first saw it like a month
prior someone was in New York and took a
picture of it of my face on a billboard
in lights in Times Square and text it to
me and I was on tour with Rachel and
some random City I can't even remember
where it was late at night it's probably
one in the morning I was on a bed in a
tiny hotel room and it was when Rachel
and I had to share her hotel room
because I couldn't afford to get his too
and so you're both sitting on the same
bed and I saw the picture and I just
looked like solving and we're just like
what happened what happened she thought
someone died um my name is myit's I
dreamt of this since I was a little girl
like I have journals for when I'm like
10 years old and I just want to see my
name in lights I want to be on Broadway
and so the fact that happened like it
was like a true as a dream come true for
me and so I'm even like getting choked
up thinking about it now because it was
really really special so that was a
really good memory I think that's one of
my top memories for my career um oh my
god there's no there's one time in
London like four years ago probably it
was at a 400-seat theatre at Leicester
Square Theatre and it was my first
standing ovation and like a big theatre
so like I had gotten standing ovations
for doing Miranda it's like little
cabaret clubs and stuff but I got a
standing ovation at this 400-seat
Theatre in Leicester Square
and I just remember feeling so loved and
so proud of myself and so happy to know
these fans like because at that time I
really went out of my way to get to know
a lot of the fans I still tried to do
that but back then it was a lot easier
because I didn't have as hectic as
hectic of a schedule so I liked finding
people who tweeted me the most and
become like friends with them and would
go to lunch with them and and stuff like
that and so um I knew a lot of the
people in the audience and so to see
them stand up me proud of me and I'll
say I met these people because of the
internet this is so cool I love the
Internet at night I remember when
everyone stood up in London at that show
I started crying on stage and that's a
cool memory that I have um so I have a
lot of cool memories with job memories
with just life meeting Bailey when she
was born and when I was told that Bailey
was being born was pretty awesome
meeting Josh saying I love you too Josh
meaning I love you for the first time
was a big deal because I have had lots
of boyfriends and I loved a lot of boys
um but not the way that it was with Josh
so saying I love you and really truly
meaning like I am deeply in love with
you like my whole being is in love with
you that was cool anyway I don't know
what I'm talking about I mean answer one
more questions I'm gonna go cuz I didn't
do Boop um let me see here come on clean
I'm trying to refresh and it won't look
oh there goes okay Maira
parola said what's your favorite memory
with a fan that's a good question I have
a lot I think the one that sticks out in
my mind the most recently is with this
girl Camille she came to a show on my
summer camp tour she's holding a sign
that said I skipped I skipped my cancer
treatments to be
and I saw that what and she told me
about her cancer experience and she just
she had just found out she relapsed and
she cancer in her leg and like she's
huge scar on her leg and when talking
both crying and she was just telling you
about her experience in cancer and how
she postponed her cancer treatments to
be at my show
and we became friends and started
talking through email and we text and we
FaceTime and she's really awesome and
she's the one who inspired me to do the
fundraiser for childhood cancer and so
she's made huge impact on my life I love
her a lot
um another person who had a big impact
on me it was a girl Sammy who see I mean
years ago was one of the first people
who ever watched my videos she used to
come to my shows when I do performances
like 100-seat theatres in New York and
um my dad lost his job he got fired and
my mom didn't have a job and I wasn't
making any money and um my family was
really struggling at the time it was
like I think it's like five years ago
maybe six and my dad when he lost his
job they came into his office they fired
him and they say give us your phone give
us your laptop because they were given
him by the company so my dad lost his
phone he lost his computer he lost
everything
I had no money had nothing and so I
tweeted out does anyone have an old
phone that they can send to me because
my dad doesn't have a phone and he just
lost his job and my family was just
struggling and um a bunch of people
responded it was really cool a lot of
people responded but um this girl Sammy
um do you mean I was like I have an old
iPhone and so she sent us an iPhone and
my family was so grateful for that like
my dad couldn't believe someone sent him
an iPhone music freaking out about it hi
Adam um and so that was a really special
moment we became friends she became
really good friends with Rachel and then
I became really good friends with her
and she's worked for me a few times
she's come on
with me a few times because we've just
become friends so there's a lot of fan
stories where it's like started out as
fans then we became friends which i
think is the cool part of the Internet
and that's why I love this job is that
it's not like I think that's why a lot
of youtubers say viewers or subscribers
instead of fans because yeah you guys
are fans but a lot of times you're a lot
more than that so um I have a lot of fan
memories that are like that where it's
like something they did or said or a
moment they were a part of was special
to me so we became really good friends
and so that's been really cool so that's
the last thing I'm going to talk about
because I need to go poop and eat my
lunch and do some work around the house
so I love you guys thanks for watching
and I will
