this is what I look like right now
Wow Rachel can you walk brink as I can
it's Christmas morning yes I had my own
vlog today
good morning Wigan open Christmas
presents now
goodbye out underwear cotton-headed mini
muffin with a Mickey muffin or anyone
you need the arts to make you a panicky
mother
remember when I told you that we put
little like sparkly ridiculous things in
our presence well my dad last night got
tired he put all the watch Messing
I know look at it what's up on the
ceiling every year my mom's are you
doing this a few years ago every year my
mom started doing this a few years ago
yeah cy6 is here it's not fair so we all
your know in York so we all have a color
on the roof what color are you color you
red purple Rachel I'll go and they
dangle these gift cards through the roof
it's really cool and they've been doing
it every year for since a few years ago
haha oh my god Rachel totally has a
crush on Jack you can tell that josh is
cheating on calling with Rachel did you
see that Kaleem was really sick
and then Josh and clean ignored her and
they just Josh and Rachel good and they
just started to like wrestle with each
other they don't know anything about how
Colleen Phil very pissed on Christmas
morning of all day look at this present
what Samuel is beautiful she raps mom
wrapped with like three different kinds
of wrapping paper taped all together
what happened
and how long the other I love it I got
this which is like the best in the world
if any of you cook even a little bit
this is the best this whole video is
going to seem like a brand know someone
we're talking about my Christmas
presents but I highly endorse this I use
it probably every single time I cook
Joshua I love your pants they're camo
can you see me I can let me see this
watch your turn sorry it's this I'm
Lizzie McGuire yes I was so excited
about that get Rachel oh it's so good up
cut away all right on the back the what
what are you for real oh my gosh that
looks so finger it is they have holy
nice so you can brush my hair
I don't think you want me to put your
grad shirt yeah is it really come on
yeah oh my god I'm not crying
even though it looks like I've been
sobbing at a horrible allergies back at
I can't even breathe right now a
horrible allergy tag at my cousin
Stephanie's house every year we go there
for breakfast after we open up Christmas
presents and we went and we having so
much fun but I like felt like I was
choking like I couldn't breathe I don't
know what I was allergic to but um I'm
just now able to like open my eyes from
them feeling like like it hurt to even
open my eyes I couldn't breathe it was
awful and my face is all swollen I don't
know what the heck happened but um I'm
at my parents house now I had to leave
early which totally freaking sucks cuz
that's one of my favorite Christmas
traditions is going over to my cousin's
house and hanging out with them and I
had to leave early so my parents took me
home but everyone else is still there
totally blows it's simmering down I can
at least open my eyes now but my face
feels like blotchy and swollen Oh ruff
I'm back of my allergic - that was so
weird
hey guys hopefully I look much better
now I rested after my weird allergy
explosion I'm still feeling it I'm still
feeling like out of it but um I'm much
better which is good so I've been baking
with my mom and I finally got to where I
was like I need to take a break so I
took a break to do my makeup which is
really intense but it's Christmas
so whatever like six and a half hours
until 6:00 and I am NOT a human today
two and a half more hours before your
listing ID a hundred percent look oh wow
oh wow
I am real-life Miranda I feel bad
because I've been cooking all day I've
been washing my hands a lot but I am
sick and so I feel like anyone who eats
anything that I made is gonna get really
sick
um that's unfortunate and also look at
this this is random but I did something
with Clay Matthews recently a brand deal
for DiGiorno and um he signed this out
and send it to me which it's cool to me
because I met him and he's like the
nicest guy in the world but other than
that it doesn't really mean anything to
me because I don't watch football I feel
really bad but um I gave it to my sister
and she like freaked out so that was
exciting
yeah I got a lot of really cool new
stuffing a lot of cool kitchen stuff um
that I can't wait to put in my kitchen
we've got little snowmen I've made these
little vanilla cupcakes and check these
out I made these snowflakes out of white
chocolate cuz I'm a freaking ball
finally did sick because mam got tired
I'm going to run down and tell you
everything that we have peanut butter
reindeer cookies peanut butter mousse
which are the chips chocolate cupcakes
chocolate-covered Oreos apricots squares
rice krispies treats vanilla cupcakes
crunchy fudge sandwiches chocolate chip
cookies are so in the oven berry crumble
the lemon bars almost candy bars
brownies with little vanilla and dead
things
dark chocolate peppermint cookies
crushed it
this Christmas cookie party has been
very tame usually every year this is
like the most hectic crazy loud part of
Christmas but Christmas Jessica and the
kids left really early they were only
here for a little bit and teenie and
Simon all them didn't get here till
pretty late so there was like a good
hour - it was like really chill really
quiet and it's not good at this
so here's people who are here we've got
and Andrew I was calling my brother
because he's definitely more of a
brother than a cousin but bro
Andrew Rachel's boy mr. eBay Stephanie
my cousin sister cousins aunt Mitsy
Simon my BFFs hubby my aunt Cindy who's
incredible baby McKenzie my daddy my BFF
tini her son Jackson my brother Trent my
mother Gwynn's for you a kidnap for you
sorry Cory - so town my mother-in-law
you should we should open your oyster
alrighty oh let's do it oh my god yeah
Cory got me this Queen do you want to
come help Jackson we're gonna open up
this can I just jewel inside that do we
care you want to help me open this
wait wait you would help me you smell it
Oh me where's the smell like look at
that you can take the tool all right
this usage is it real things - not like
made in the factory we're gonna break it
open
ah it's shattered hammer do you like it
Livan gonna put it in that oh and let me
see I want to see it Jackson let me see
Sean take it does your necklace
we hold on oh look at that it was
beautiful like air oh my gosh I'm so
tired it is 1:00 in the morning
Christmas is over it was lovely day
thanks for watching everybody
vlog misses over not that I did it
oh my over I would still be vlogging
every once in a while but not every day
for sure
I love you guys so we had a happy day or
happy Christmas or happy whatever you
celebrate and I'll see you next time
bang
