oh it's bright huh
see look my hair's like red now look at
this kinda looks the same I don't know I
dyed my hair last night in case y'all
didn't see that video it's Christmas Eve
I am vlogging again this has been a
weird vlogmas for me this is the first
year I'm like six years where I didn't
vlog every single day until Christmas
it's been kind of a crazy weird month or
the walk um but I'm logging today and
I'm vlogging tomorrow because it's
Christmas not a tradition I cannot I
can't quit
I can't quit you anyway I'm with my mom
it's Christmas Eve we're going to do
some last-minute Christmas shopping and
then I'm gonna bake and then we're gonna
go crazy for Jessica's oh and I'm not
big small my mother and I I'm a sport
store panda no mystical artists and we
want to get Rachel these little helmet
because they're really cute but I don't
know what they're for and I don't know
she'd want them but they're cute bizarre
little and so I'm like oh hello those
are really cute um however now we're
like maybe we're just gonna one we can't
figure out which is which and shakes the
Rams when they gets old
I get her this don't tell her this one
has a horse on it so it's out of the ram
the ram isn't a horse there's a eagle is
there's an eagle EMU
giggles there's a lightning bolt team I
don't know what these teams are Huggle
doesn't say indian cheap New York Jets
Mets Cardinals Cardinals that's wait I
thought they baseball Ravens
I'm sorry news to people Mike these
things are these things and what about
Raiders I've heard her said something
about the Raiders ones is that
basketball or bears bars out of that
football right I'm gonna get eNOS what
are Raiders what I don't know what any
of this stuff is look at me I'm at home
and now I am wearing a tutu and some
socks and my youtube sweater and this
really cute thing cuz every year Rachel
and I do a Christmas awkward video and
so we're doing it this year this is what
the awkward Christmas video outfit is
this year it's pretty killer oh my gosh
guys I forgot to show you what I got in
the mail yesterday I'm so excited okay
look at this oh well it's my stream
isn't this cool I finally got my Streamy
award it says Streamy Awards clean
Ballinger mirandasings actress you know
what's cool about this is well it's a
Streamy award that I wanted but also um
pretty soon I'm changing my name on
everything to clean Evans so it's
already changed on like Twitter and
Facebook and instead all that stuff but
soon when I start doing other projects
and if I want other awards it'll be
cooling Evans so the only two awards
that I will have one as Colleen
ballinger are this stream me and my Teen
Choice Award that I have gone yet my
surfboard but I just think that's really
cool that's soap I don't know I'm really
excited it's really heavy
isn't this awesome yeah here she is
so Busta where what is it boy I'm with
this Queen so we are on our way to Chris
Byrne Jessica Szohr going there for
Christmas Eve this year
and we're gonna have a white elephant
exchange which I'm pretty excited about
I love white elephant so Isis would look
who's talking mr. you thought you saw
Tupac no oh no the dude had had a
bandana tied in the front just like
Tupac so Tupac see only do that oh my
god a bandana and tight at the front of
my forehead looks like Tupac no you
wouldn't know because you're like a 5
foot 11 girl with long hair Tupac can't
look like you guys want to make it race
I'm just saying I saw dude that looked
like to at the mall and I got
excited cuz I thought that confirmed the
Illuminati was what's he
african-american I didn't ask him from
what his origin was did he appear had
much he had much more of a tan than I do
I don't I still feel like I'm going to
get in trouble in the comments even
though I just saw dude and his face
looked like to park space - and did you
film him know what I think I've anyway -
I think that I didn't want to go to
shove a camera on the dudes face he
already caught me staring at him and he
looked at me weird cuz I had a look of
exciting on my face I've been attacked
yeah Merry Christmas
what whatever lipstick yes because I had
lipstick
why do you have lip you don't have any
loose
you will have lipstick tomorrow what are
you doing you nut
what are you doing I don't know what's
going on what is the pair do you want to
blog you are not a very good vlogger
right now bro
what you being Miranda give your Crocs
on you're obsessed with Miranda
yeah yeah just chaos
everyone at everyone's house the
holidays there's this a me thing I think
holidays are always crazy and hectic for
everyone I love it makes me very happy
to have everyone like me I don't know
there's just a lot happening here you're
a mermaid yeah that's so cool I just
well you probably are if you know in
your heart that you're mermaids like I
know not my mom's phone had become a
looming and I decided into image how do
you that's really cool I wish I was a
mermaid and every single day
oh do you do that water touching you
after taking like eight bottles of water
and dressing up like a burrito oh my
gosh oh my gosh yes that's our Burton oh
it's got a real they look good okay okay
there for ten but you things are really
they see there we go oh wow they say hey
you know you're mermaids and you know
your mermaid
hi I'm so tired I'm baking all night
it is midnight so it's not officially
Christmas Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas
we've been baking I made some peanut
butter cookies here we've got brownies
Mama's making almost candy bars these
are smart peanut butter cookies that I
made look like reindeers we have and
here are some lemon bars inning to cut
and if there is like fudge chocolate
butterscotch things but I'm so tired and
I'm sick so I don't want to keep cooking
so I'm gonna have to finish tomorrow we
have tomorrow we have to make cupcakes
and berry crumble and cookie what would
you like me to try for you right now
apricot squirt what Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas
you
