Oh what's up guys I'm filming on my
phone cuz I think my camera's out of
batteries I am the best youtuber um I'm
at my parents house it's Christmas Eve
Eve and I have randomly decided to dye
my hair just for fun so my cousin
Stephanie is gonna die I'm just gonna
die a little bit darker you probably
won't even notice right now my hair is
kind of like a chocolate brown I'm gonna
dye it like an espresso brown so it's
not gonna be anything anyone will notice
I just thought it'd be something fun to
do tonight so look at this cuz it's the
last time you'll see it this way even
though you all notice a difference at
all here we go Stephanie is a rock star
and she's gonna dye my head hope he gets
hers out I can't do anything extreme
with my hair I've always wanted to diet
purple but I never could cuz of Miranda
no Bratz um yeah I'm a little nervous
guys because I bought two different
kinds of hair dye I bought like a
reddish brown and I bought like a dark
deep brown and we accidentally put the
reddish brown and I wanted to deep dark
brown so I'm about to wash it out and
we'll see how it turns out I don't know
I'm gonna like it I'm nervous it wasn't
like any different
so far so it didn't make a difference
you cannot tell at all there's like kind
of a reddish tint to it it's a little
bit it looks exactly the same
like it looks literally exactly the same
so I think I'm just gonna read ayat a
darker color like an almost black color
maybe tomorrow or the next day cuz it
looks exactly the same as it did before
so yeah total fail I'm going to bed soon
you
