whatever you celebrate hi everyone
welcome to today and today we're in
Lahaina actually we're in Kapaa Pali
Pali can apothecary sorry that was
offensive but I don't know how to say
the name of this place but we are back
where we love this beach is right by
Black Rock that's black rocks way over
there people jump off of it it's where I
saw my very first sea turtle and my
whole life was right over there
there's always sea turtles swimming
around out here it's crazy but we're
blown away because I've been here in a
while
and I guess the tide came up so much on
the speech there's like no sand anymore
so we're like hiding on this one little
patch of sand we found because the water
comes all the way up to the tip of this
little hill so my mom is scared just
gonna get attacked by the ways but I'm
gonna go in the water are tried to it
seems dangerous because the waves are
crashing literally directly onto sand so
I'm trying to undo my dress but I'm
nervous one of them is my bathing suit
success I did the dress alright so we
went to the beach
and then we went to monkeypod because
I'm obsessed they're still walking
around shopping waiting till we go on a
cruise a little tonight sunset dinner
cruise with trilogy which you guys know
I have been on a lot of their cruises
before I'm obsessed with sail trilogy I
always try to pop a lot of their little
cruises whenever I'm here so last time I
did like a sunset dinner sail this time
I'm doing like a just a sunset sail with
like appetizers and drinks you can't see
me where did I go there I am so we only
gonna already kill before the tour just
kind of shopping around and hanging out
beautiful day in the neighborhood
it tastes a little bit burritos right
off for the plant sale for the cruise
we're all very excited to London which
had a relaxing day hearing time not by
Panna I'm cutting up a Lincoln a little
apple a how do you say it how do you say
it cut up my car not Holly that we had a
nice day out here and we're about to
pour to the little ship and do a little
sunset sail it's gonna be very nice
I didn't feel much today because we
weren't doing much today we're just kind
of chillin like
I'm breaking out really bad so that's
been fun
up not part of the trees out what the
hazel mine is all pretty it's beginning
to look a lot like Stokely hi Eric eric
has a cold so he's being a trooper today
but he's like super sick and he's
feeling he's be really feeling very
nasally and sniffling and sick and sad
that you've been a trooper he went on a
boat ride he jumped off Black Rock which
you can see on Rachel's vlog if you
subscribe to Rachel swats you can see
Cory and Eric jumped off Black Rock the
sunset cruise was so much fun
i snapchatted a bunch of it so I'm going
to show you guys that footage now
Stockman's turn
if you guys don't follow me on snapchat
and Instagram you need to check it out
because I'm constantly stop chatting and
instagramming and I love seeing all your
comments on Instagram so please go check
it out and look at this beautiful tree
we found in Lahaina so rainy isn't this
pretty I love it here I never want to
leave Hawaii I love it yeah so anyway
it's beautiful here we're just trying to
let the food settle from the cruise and
then we're gonna go get some dinner at
Cheezburger and paradise and just kind
of walk around the high not beautiful
here go now look at this Bree trying
all righty is this
we made it back to our lovely hotel Eric
went to bed cuz he's very very sick but
I think I might go try and hang out with
Rachel and cord out the hot tub me
because it's Rachel's last night rachel
is home tomorrow so but she needs to go
get her doggie and hang out with her
man's so I understand but I still get to
be here for a couple more days which is
awesome Rachel and Cory and my mom had
it all into bed so it's like 9:30 and
I'm Sol and I'm gonna wake and everyone
else is asleep and Eric's sick and I
just wanted to go to the hot tub but I
don't know how to by myself because I
just like the flame so I'm making myself
a bath because the closest thing I can
to a tub without going outside so anyway
I guess I'm gonna take a bath and I'm
gonna go over and I have another really
funny Miranda video coming out tomorrow
so by the time this is up please still
watch it
there's murder videos coming out every
single day and I feel like a lot of you
guys are missing them yeah just because
I'm pumping them out so frequently but
if you guys have time please go check
out the videos I posted this week I
posted five Miranda videos this week and
I think they're all really funny so
please go subscribe tell your friends to
subscribe and watch it'll mean the world
to me if you guys just keep promoting
those miranda videos i'm really excited
about this month oh my god something
happened today - that was so annoying i
got an eyelash in my eye
growing the wrong way and i don't really
know how else to explain that also my
acne is insane right now i don't know
what's going on but it's hard to see but
you can see there's like a little dot
here it's because like there was like an
ingrown eyelash hair and I had to pluck
it out can you see that it's insane and
it hurts so bad it's not a sty it's like
literally an eyelash hair that was
growing the wrong way and it was so
painful but I got it out and so that's
the team y'all that's the drama for the
day yeah I'm gonna take a bath and edit
and go to bed so I'm having so much fun
why
and I'm really happy you guys are
watching the vlogs and enjoying them I
think I'm yeah I'm just having so much
fun I feel like it's been a really crazy
past couple of years it's taken me a
while to get back into the swing of
things with everything that's been going
on in my life and I feel like I'm
finally starting to feel comfortable I'm
just being myself and yeah I'm really
happy and I'm really grateful to you
guys for giving me the opportunity to
come to Hawaii and go on tour and hang
out with my family and give that gift to
my family as well like my parents their
birthday with her birthday
their Christmas present this year was
coming to Hawaii and they're so grateful
I'm so happy like what I remember when I
was young my dad took me to Hawaii for
the first time ever when I was like 13
we didn't get to go on vacations a lot
of kids because we didn't have a lot of
money so the first time I ever came to
Hawaii was announced 13 and my dad spent
like all his miles from traveling so
much for work and then he would get like
free hotel rooms at different hotels so
we'd have to like switch hotels every
other night and same with the rental car
like we'd get like really discounted
prices on cars but we had to turn them
in every two days a free rental cars go
get to him in over two days because he
had like saved up enough points over
like a decade so he worked his butt off
his whole life just to take us on one
little vacation and so it feels really
cool that you guys have provided a job
for me where I can return that favor to
them now that I'm an adult and bring
them to Hawaii and it's just it's the
coolest thing ever and they're so happy
there was so much fun and I just thank
you guys so much because of you and
because you guys have given me such a
wonderful job and yeah I'm just really
appreciative so thank you so much and
I'm gonna take my bath now
and I feel very grateful for you oh so
good
