howdy-ho Ranger goes I did not log
yesterday I just was enjoying having a
good time with my family at the
Christmas now and everyone else is
blogging so I was like
and these fellows want to see what's
going on they can watch one of the 800
other videos
Christopher blog Josh spawn your majors
blog and Rebecca's blogging I was like I
don't even feel all my gamer and we just
got to the part of the drive where
there's the beach to show you oh maybe
not anyway we're gonna go home then
we're gonna go through all the feed
gifts and I want to show you guys what I
got cuz I haven't seen them yet
Brian when it focuses up which comes
from those there it is there's the ocean
anyway
we are back I know you're so mad right
now I'm gonna go through some of the fan
gifts we got on these shows that we just
did the Christmas shows were so fun so
far I have received these really killer
glasses and beard and some candy canes
including my favorite kind of candy
canes which is the dumb dumb blue ones
yeah and lots of letters we're still
going but I wanted to show you these
early on some wonderful little snow
globe for marriage cuz I got married
this year it's not sweet it's not sweet
yeah
so romantic I guess so adorable yes this
little J or in a man for Juche so girl
gave me this liquid latex fashioned but
she made it clear that she didn't want
me to put it on my nipples like a perv
she wanted me to put out my fingers
which is really thoughtful because I
always have really messy nails because I
paint basically I paint my fingernails I
just kind of paint my whole finger and
then three days later it falls off my
skin and it's still sort of all my nails
but this I can put on my skin and then I
can peel off the extra nail polish so
it's really thoughtful thing down we
also got this incredible little house to
add to our village which is so sweet I
love it
I'm someone give me um a weepies vinyl
to play on our record player we got so
many wonderful gifts oh thank you we're
still going through everything so thank
you to everyone who brought us gifts to
the shows you're all so sweet and
thoughtful and um yes love it thank you
hi guys the next day and I am at one of
my favorite places backyard Bowls it's
so good this place originated here in
Santa Barbara and it's like acai berry
yogurt hold things with fresh berries
cut up and honey drizzled on top and
acai and melt it all right now I'm in my
favorite place in the whole world which
is Michael's craft store and I'm getting
stuff for the tops of presents this is
sometimes it's fun to add more than just
like a bow to a Christmas present I love
Christmas a lot so anything I can do to
make it more sparkly more festive so I
get these little things and if you wait
to like a few days before Christmas
Michaels has huge sales and everything
is like 80% off and so you can get these
fun little things to put on presents and
it's cheaper than even putting a bow on
the president and it's sparkly and more
festive and it's just so great and I
also have a present for Corey in there
that I don't you see so don't like oh
it's time for me to head back to Los
Angeles but this has his wifey I think
Joshua will enjoy it and look at the
mess I have left for my family but
listen I got places to be all right I'm
gonna head out and I'll be with Josh
soon hurry oh my god so I'm driving home
and the sunset is insane so I had to
stop and show you guys it's the most
beautiful son's that I've ever seen
check this out this is one of the
prettiest sunsets I've ever seen in my
life and dana is real
look at that it looks like a painting
it's insane it's so beautiful oh my god
it's really the most insane sunset oh my
camera just died but this is the best
sense that I've ever seen in my whole
life honestly look at that cheese I've
never seen a prettier sunset in my whole
life that is outrageous
I cannot even feel I'm so bummed Josh
isn't with me to see this right now
because it's so freakin beautiful oh my
god I I am like blown away right now
I've never been so blown away by
something while I'm driving that I
pulled off the side of the road to look
at it and I couldn't like how could you
not stop to take a closer look at that
this is insane
also this Beach is called Santa Claus
Beach it's in Carpinteria and it's the
beach that I grew up going to so it's
also kind of cool that I got to kind of
oh my god you pretty that I got to come
see this sunset at the beach I used to
go to all the time little girls
all right I just got home my husband was
that missing yes Here I am I like you
with glasses I like you with everything
and I just opened a package from YouTube
that I didn't even know that I had it
had been sitting in my bedroom for weeks
and I had no idea that it was sitting in
there and I just found it and I open it
up and it's a gift from YouTube and it's
an ugly Christmas sweater that says
haters back off all over it
it's so cool I didn't think I knew all
the youtubers really getting presents
from YouTube there were ugly Christmas
sweaters but I had got when I was like
oh I didn't get one this year that's
crazy but then I did get one and I'm so
happy actually got two oh my goodness
look at this this is great news this is
so great this is neat thanks YouTube
you're the best ever how cool I love it
I am so excited we're about to eat
dinner and look what we made we made
salmon was like a Asian glaze some
mashed potaters some kale and mushrooms
and broccoli and Brussels sprouts so I
was like awesome
we're gonna watch Survivor any dinner
and then just hang out that's gonna be
our next night so I'm gonna call it a
night with you guys but I will maybe see
you tomorrow
maybe knit I know I really suck at
vlogging so we'll see what happens
you
