because if the shower back tomorrow
night did you yawn oh it's already the
next day
anymore yesterday afternoon dr. San Jose
not much was going on I'm just didn't
feel like filming nothing so we're at
the theater now in San Jose and we're
about to loose in town did you get the
battery that I yeah look at how baggy my
eyes are see just a little over small a
nice solid eyes so here's the theater
option that's the theater here's the
prop table give you a tour backstage so
we have hats to to school or tiaras
mullets swords sunglasses Suzanne
laptops presents Joshua and my face and
here's the theater tonight and tomorrow
and Cora the coolest queen of all the
land this is backstage of Miranda show
clean showing so there's people
everywhere never dull moment
okay what did you just say the last time
I ate raisins
these thugs eggs in my rings how did you
find that out well once upon a time I
ate two Nathan and mommy open them up
and I ate them and just loved the boy
was stuck right so the necklace laid the
eggs like filming them and then I can't
thank you yeah hey is this a true story
Jessica yeah what do you think about
that
do you like bug eggs you want to eat
bugs now do you think bug eggs should be
in raisins
Jacobs told us that crazy story about
the eggs and the phrasing thing and I
thought they were crazy but look at this
you just want another box with the same
brand and it's totally not we didn't buy
it recent like whatnot hold on oh my
gosh
they're like danglies it's like there
are no web I cannot believe they're like
fully like eggs this is a different day
a different we bought them in different
City like my mom bought those here it's
the same company see my baby on there
let me let me show i'm opening i'm
ripping open the box yeah
not finish eggs and there are like a
different color than like amazing
just like the raising goo and then
there's a danglies bug eggs 100% bug
eggs gosh look how thick the bags are
under my eyes today is not a good time
hey Parker did you take a nap today no
why don't you take a nap cuz you were
sad yeah well sad about what you're
thirsty yeah what are you saying yeah
for sure gross for sure not delicious
right here
yeah for sure Parker's anyone to do
makeup so we all right what are you
doing first
here's the nightmare what are you doing
right now he's putting homeless that is
happening Oh Parker what are you doing I
know right the show finish it was so
much fun it was crazy the audience was
so loud it's funny the audience tonight
was smaller than the audience we had in
Santa Barbara but they were way laughing
oh no we are at Michael's it's 9:00 p.m.
and we're at Michael's craft store
because hello is my favorite place in
the world we need some crafts to do
tonight because how long all right so we
are all in the lobby making crafts we've
already started to clean up but what
we're doing is we're making little
ornaments I do this a lot it's a nice
stress reliever and they're always
really pretty so Anna's making a red one
right now so what you do is you take a
Styrofoam ball and you won't let me
focus it and you take a pushpin and a
sequin and you just push it ends oh I
did it off center so you can redo that
but you can either I you can put a bead
on it to give it more dimension or you
can just put the pins straight into it
and like it we made these I'll show you
what we need focus coin
okay so I made this one it's a blue blue
ball with little stars on it here look
at focus cameras pumpkins and they made
a beautiful beauty Lander aquamarine
ornament felting sorry I'm tipsy I had a
glass of wine and airing me this one
which is that might work I love it
I think it's thank you Anna made this
one it's like I'm snow princess minimum
and can I have this one and Stephanie
made Oh Stephanie made a retic ball
focus I like that this um that classic
red Rudolph yeah I wasn't nail polish
what would you name it sassy vixen I
love it
and Stephanie also painted this cute
little snowman oh it's so cute so yeah
most people would like to like you know
go out and drink and party and celebrate
after successful show like to do crafts
in the lobby of my hotel with glitter
and sequins and beads I'm gonna go to
bed now
