I came here yesterday to shoot a video
and I ate like all right so it is almost
3 p.m. and I'm about to do my livestream
I'm kind of nervous I don't know why I'm
like excited and nervous I think I'm
nervous because I feel uneducated like I
want to help raise money for childhood
cancer and you know do something to make
a difference for these kids that I've
gotten to know in the last couple years
through doing YouTube and kids that I've
met on tour and just with mail that I've
gotten and stuff but I don't feel like
I'm wise enough to be like a voice for
cancer because I don't know enough about
it I need to educate myself so hopefully
in this livestream like I'll ask you
guys questions and any of you have
struggled with this or know anything
about it can educate me and yeah I don't
know I'm excited no nervous and I'm
trying to come up with a hashtag
I can't what do you think about the
hashtag yeah I don't know we've been
trying to figure out one that doesn't
sound like I am so amazing I'm helping
people like is it's not about that so
we're trying to think of something that
like it's just childhood cancer
awareness but I don't want it to be that
I wanted to be something more like
positive and up because I just I don't
know so um but I need to start 2 minutes
hmm so many things to discuss number one
we just bought way too much crap at
Walmart really bad idea because we have
no room in our car second of all the
livestream went so incredibly well we
raised over 20
my friend gave them to me my boots do
you like them dunno I got these boots
anyway the lifestream went really really
well
we raised over $20,000 I just crazy I
was sobbing like throughout the entire
livestream so if you want to watch it
make sure that could blow up at the link
um it was so cool to see the Internet
community like come together and raise
money for a really good cause and I
don't know it was just I think it was
one of my most proudest moments I've
ever experienced on the internet I was
so proud of the Internet and you guys
I'm just I don't know I just loved it it
was a really cool day so now we're
headed to Santa Barbara cuz we have the
show the Christmas show tomorrow for you
guys today you guys started watching
this the Christmas show is tonight
Tuesday the 15th in Santa Barbara so I
hope you guys can come but we had to get
last-minute props and stuff and while
we're in Walmart I got very distracted
because there were a lot of things I
wanted to buy for Rachel so I got them
and if you have no room in our car so
this should be really interesting hey
guys it is 1:30 in the morning we kind
of ran the show not really I've never
run the show in the show's tomorrow I'm
very stressed out I'm really tired and I
feel all the things it's been a very
eventful day we raise a lot of money for
childhood cancer was just super cool and
I show and like I was showing like a
half a day I'm going to bed
I'm wearing a big weird onesie because
it's the only pajamas that hurt my mom
selves I'm going to bed bye love you
guys and I'll see you tomorrow the show
