everyone look who I'm with
it's got wind no I
so Scott I met a mozillian years ago
doing a web series called doctor foo
bolus 2007 Johnson two bathrooms now
with the best letter back from Dow the
bath anime I didn't wanna make you sad
that headed south on set I also met
Steve where are you by the betters Steve
feathers is the word yeah so we are at a
lake right now and we're gonna shoot I'm
Miranda video I'm doing a branded video
I'm so honest with them I never liked
her I feel like it's a really cool
project I'm like it's a Brazil and it's
gonna be really cool actually no way
it's gonna be cool though cuz I'm
working with Steve Steve and Scott
Stewart I wanted to make really funny
and really fun cuz brand deals are
always kind of you know a little more
difficult to make really interesting and
so I wanted to make it super funny and
fun for you guys to watch so I called
Scott because he's one of the funniest
people in the world so we're making him
random video
I am against Blaine I'm trying to get
some fun shortly all right now Steve is
holding my purse because he's such a
gentleman and we're at this park and I'm
about to play at the playground all of
these lovely children with a
cheeseburger in my hand I have the
weirdest job of anyone on the planet I
think
okay now we're unchecking the crack and
we're gonna shoot some scenes here josh
is gonna meet us here and so is todrick
which is really cool and Ari just text
me and she wants to go to Disneyland
tonight and I'm really excited because
I've been really busy and crazy doing
stuff lately and so to spend an evening
at Disneyland with Ari would be so many
things haven't seen her in a long time
but yeah right now we're just waiting
for you shwah to get to licking the
boots
why are you talking like this because
this is my budget okay I was like
okay I'm gonna don't we are coming to
the last shot which is the bathtub shot
Sammy here is helping and lighting all
these candles Scott it's doing
incredible job and Steve is about ever
we're sick of burgers we're sick of the
smell of burgers and I'm excited to be
done so this is blinking just so hard my
favorite thing to do is to god it's to
just people when it is not abyss so you
like guy had so much fun hanging out
with you today oh no Steve no where's
your pants man
oh the shoot today went really well was
super fun I was gonna go to Disney like
diddle I mean I am an item I have a name
I was gonna go to Disneyland tonight but
it's raining so f that because my oh
we've all get Roland so I'm just gonna
go over to the Grande's house and we're
gonna play games and I'm so excited
they're probably not gonna film anything
because I'm probably just gonna hang out
and be a human but yeah thanks for
watching I'm doing a thing to raise
money for childhood cancer at 3 p.m. on
my main channel so go watch the
livestream and figure out how to donate
it's gonna be really fun really cool and
yeah that's it alright
oh Michael
