hi guys I haven't vlogged in like four
days cuz I've been just just a lot of
things I've been doing the show where
I've been working on the show that we're
doing next week in Santa Barbara in San
Jose and it's kind of just consumed my
whole entire life and so I just took a
break from vlogging and yeah I didn't
feel like filming so I didn't and so
anyway Josh and I went to a Christmas
tree lot tonight and we didn't buy a
Christmas tree but we bought this little
snowman and there's a bunch of really
cute snowmen and reindeer and I was
obsessed with them but Joshua wanted
this little rain this little snow mommy
says you don't messed up he's got cracks
in his head and cracks in his tummy and
his eyeballs are lopsided he just looks
like a total dupe and Joshua fell in
love with him and so he needs love he
was Joshua sweet josh was like no one
will bought him so we have to get him
and so we got him and we named him Ben
and then it made me think of the song
that Michael Jackson saying when he was
young boy and it's like one of my
favorite songs in the world it's got the
most beautiful meth melody almost said
medley melody and so I'm gonna play it
and sing it to our new friend Ben Joshua
come sit over here and just kind of add
to it but you sound so great you don't
believe me I don't want to mess up your
soul you won't mess it up
I'll mess it up did you - no it smells
like a tune over to here I didn't - you
- babe I didn't Tim you'll make fun of
my poo hat now ready this is for you Ben
we love Ben five six we found what we
were looking for
always running here and there you feel
you're not wanted in here
there's something you should know he got
a place
I used to say I am me now it's me I used
to serve
people
like
that's been now that the show is pretty
much finished being choreographed and
organized and everything the Christmas
show it was truly taking over my life
like wake up in the morning feeling like
P Diddy brush my teeth with some bottle
of Jack I wish you would then I would I
wake up and a meeting set working on the
show in my pajamas
and work on it to like 3:00 in the
morning and barely even had time to eat
and so I didn't vlog I didn't edit I was
just focusing on that and now things
seem to be kind of simmering down a
little bit the shows Tuesday night so
yeah I think I'm gonna start vlogging
again we'll see I only want a vlog if I
if I want to and if I feel like it's
gonna make me happy I don't want to do
it if it's gonna feel like stressful and
I feel like you guys wouldn't want to
see it if I wasn't enjoying it either so
um yeah I felt like singing I was
singing that song that you can I was
like you know what I'm gonna play that
for my friends on the internet because I
feel like you guys would like it and I
wanted you guys to meet Ben because he's
a new member of our family maybe Ben can
teach creep singing to the holidays I
know so our Christmas family is Joshua
Colleen Ben and creep that is our little
Christmas family we love creep
unconditionally with creep just is
adamant about ruined
where's great we you know he's in
timeout and if you act up messed up face
little little cross-eyed little little
cockeyed that's fine
this hat even broken no he's not a mess
he's perfect I love because we might
have a child that is not what a society
says is perfect so it'll be perfect to
us just like Ben creep we love you creep
but you know we're punishing you because
you tried to ruin the holidays yeah okay
you love Ben we love you and Ruth and
creep creep and we'll probably see you
tomorrow if you guys want to come as I
know I talk about it constantly but if
you wanna go to the Santa Barbara show
it's Tuesday night Isaac you're not a
theater we've been working really hard
and then I think it's gonna be really
fun and also
you wanna see Josh and me on tour we're
going on a bus tour in January and we're
going Anaheim San Diego Arizona and to
all over Texas and Florida New Orleans
were going everywhere so make sure to
get tickets and I'll see you guys soon
we both found what we were looking for
see you've got a friend in me
