hey guys so um I'm gonna walk today a
little bit I woke up early and I went to
the doctor and I was there a couple
hours getting a million shots look at
all this so I've got all these prick
marks do you see all these like bleeding
moments all over my arm look at this
it's like totally infected it's not
freakin gross it's like all over my
shoulder but it's it back here - that is
not acne even though it looks like it
see all those marks
it looks like it's acne it is not acne
it is shot pricks so I went to the
doctor today and I told him where I was
hurting and how it's you know flaring up
again and gave me a bunch of shots so
for those of you don't know which I
can't imagine is it's all I freakin talk
about I have I'm kind of always in
horrible pain in my shoulder I've made a
lot of videos about it and I started
this new kind of like therapy treatment
I guess where I get these shots and
they're all over my arm and I get them
like once every month or two and I got
them today and so I'm in pain today cuz
now all my muscles are super sore um but
yeah so that's what I did this morning
and it hurts and now I am editing and I
have a meeting today and then Corey's
coming over and that'll be really fun
and I think we're going to go Disneyland
tonight and watch the fireworks so
that's exciting and I'm gonna go edit
now mmm
look at that it looks like I've got an
infected nasty wounds like they're all
nasty
Wow their head it looks like I've got
some weird nasty infection like disease
it looks so gross
hey guys so it's a little bit later now
obviously a little later peace bitch my
casa
but I decided that Cory and I should go
to Disneyland all my family's at dis and
last day my whole entire family is there
hanging out but I'm a whole entire
family my sister and my brother and my
sister-in-law and Meili Jacob Parker are
all excellent and I'm jealous and so it
is 8:30 p.m. and we're going to Disney
live right now just for a couple hours
which is crazy but it's fun and it's
something to do because our schedules
are insane it'll be fun to go and like
swap a fun night I have to like it so
bad and I'm only period so I'm going to
bleed all over to go and let's go let it
go some more and this one and this one
okay we're getting outside toys by
someone couldn't handle the excitement
of Disneyland's it was me yeah yeah you
can handle
Vanina can he the cutest
just imagine if you were standing right
here over 60 years ago you'd be standing
in the middle of the knowledgeable
industry
yeah
under the sea under gussy the darling
it's better down where it's wetter take
it from me I can assure they work all
day out in the Sun
we are going on the Haunted Mansion ride
already we don't start towards it was
amazing as usual and now we're going on
the next ride and my shoulder hurts that
I should not be here and if my doctor's
watching this he's gonna be really mad
look how beautiful the castle is oh my
goodness president is so magical um but
I have to go cuz I got crap to do but
we're only here for like two hours
totally worth it Disneyland it's the
best ever and this is the first time in
like ten years that I've had a season
pass so either I recommend if you look
California getting glass because it's
amazing just come for a couple hours
makes me feel happy and I reminds me
that it's Christmas time and it kind of
relieves your stresses even though my
shoulder is in a lot of pain because I
definitely should not have just been
jumping in the air eight hundred times
trying to get a jumping picture for the
castle with my arms in the air this
matter was worth it had a great night
have it guys and I will see you
yeah
