I don't know I don't know I'm rocking
that high but I didn't want to do my
hair today look this is the bay of the
day I hope I'm the Bay of all the days
you are I've got a tag in my leggings
that is like really itchy this is an
issue we're about to eat some sushi and
then I get to go pick up the beautiful
art that I made with Joey and Daniel and
Cory the other day so I'm really excited
to see my finished products is this
vlogmas just going on the Internet
yes just finish eating you know what's
really cool about my life right now is
that I'm wearing a sweater and I'm dying
of heat because it's freaking eighty
degrees in the middle of December your
ish together LA in one mile take a
slight right turn onto that you are
place okay here's the finished products
we have quarries that key out and then
here's my gingerbread man plate it looks
good I think it turned out really cute
and then I have one other plate that I'm
not going to show you because it's for
my mama I just filmed a Colleen's corner
video which I haven't done in a really
long time
whoa overexposed much yeah I haven't
filmed Queens corner in like months so
it was really kind of weird to do it
again Oh it'll be up by time you guys
are watching this you guys can go check
that up I'm so excited because they're
about to eat at the habit which is a
hamburger place that originated in Santa
Barbara which is my hometown and now
they're starting to branch out kind of
everywhere in California and it was
voted the number one cheeseburger I'm
pretty sure either this year last year
in America
guests delicious and Josh I don't think
it's too happy because he doesn't like
eating I know because you just pulled up
a picture of me that was when I was
larger and said I was busted and I am
now I don't want to go eat in someplace
like that happen and get busted no I
didn't I said no i there's a picture of
him looking larger and high and I said I
was laughing and he's like why are you
laughing and I was like because he's
like you think I was like didn't I just
awful I know I didn't I said I changed I
know I said I used to be bigger
eisah look busted and that's what I used
to be but I'm like I wouldn't never hold
up the picture and said you look busted
yeah I know but I said I selected I mean
they show so you can say I was busted I
said I'm busted so you but you were
comparing you're saying it's the same
thing nothing
Ison busted in the older days a new
syllable chunk here in older days
so anyway we're getting cheeseburger
look at that
so in my vlog yesterday I told you guys
that I didn't know where my wedding band
was from Hawaii I didn't lose it I just
didn't know where was and I found it
anything you can touch fun of it it was
in the bed you just you're just cuddling
up just like with the pillow and then it
just was there it was I felt it and I
looked up at Josh mother good is this
your wedding ring he was like no I'm
wearing my wedding ring why would that
be my wedding ring and I was like oh I
just was on my finger so I'm a man you
guys everyone was tweeting me today
because I am in j40 let's point out that
the last time you went to like look at
merchandise with you on it in a public
store someone caught you doing it and it
happened again today yeah in one of
Josh's vlogs I was in a Barnes & Noble
and it still blows my mind that I wrote
a book and that it's in stores and you
can buy it so it's in a Barnes Noble and
I was looking at the internet section
and I was looking at Connors book and
Joey's bug asking everyone's books and I
was looking at mine and someone came up
to me was like hi can I get a picture
and I was so embarrassed cuz I was like
looking at myself when someone came in
asking for a picture and that happened
today because I want to be purchased
already get this magazine because I'm in
it look that's lingam McCullough and um
a girl came up to me while I was looking
at magazine of myself and us for picture
so I tried it looks like a running theme
with me these days is that I just always
look very conceited oh it's awesome and
it's exciting like it's such a cool
thing so like we joke about it but it's
so it's so cool but you know what's cool
is that the kid magazines like J 14 is
obviously a kid magazine but the kid
magazines for a while now have been like
super embracing the internet and I love
it like it's got Ari and Harry Styles
and all the norm but then it also has
like Tyler Oakley and me and Bethany
Mota Cameron Dallas me
hey she was a Wallflower in school uh
hey that's a big picture of my face and
that is that's a headshot of you that
you don't even like I hate that picture
me or whatever look at that brand gives
me confidence I said what did I say that
cousin one of the coatsy's creamiest I
have no friend that is crazy
this one's actually pretty accurate I'd
say because there have been a lot of
articles about me that are not as
accurate there's another magazine that's
out about me that I can't think came out
a while ago that has all of the most
incorrect facts in the world it's like
Colleen ballinger Miranda sings and ever
say my real name but they have a picture
of me but they say it's Miranda sings
this I was like 23 years old and that my
most popular video was free karate
lesson which is not true
but like it was like things she likes to
do in her spare time and one of the
things was spend time with her grandma
my grandma passed away five or six years
ago and my other grandma I don't really
see it all ever so I was like where do
they get this information for pretty
much everything that other magazine was
wrong it's really funny I'm going to
wrap some presents and make some props
and work on the Christmas show and
that's going to be my night tonight and
I'm just going to cuddle up by the fire
of a candle because we don't have a
fireplace that works and I'm going to
read this j14 magazine about all the
internet celebs
