good mining I did my makeup kinda but I
did into my I am in Green Bay still in
the bags under my eyes are still like
this
I'm leaving Green Bay today and I get to
go see my husband tonight and I'm so
excited and I keep looking at myself in
the viewfinder because I can't believe
how tired I look I haven't vlogged for
the past couple days um and some of you
know I posted a video yesterday that was
kind of emotional and dramatic and I put
it on unlisted and everyone's mad at me
and I was in a sad mood and that happens
sometimes and so I was like you know
what I'm going to show them this so to
show them like sometimes he'd sad and
that's okay and I'm fine now but I
posted it and everyone thought that I
was still really sad and depressed and
like was tweeting me and posting his
comments like I'm so sad gleen is sad
and I'm sobbing and blah blah and I was
like ah that's not what I wanted I
didn't want everyone to watch it and be
like super sak the point of me being on
the Internet is to make people happy and
to make you feel like you have a friend
I was like oh I thought I wanted it so I
put it on unlisted and here's deal you
guys can still watch it if you want
basically the video is just saying like
I had a realization where I realized I
was caring too much about my views and
my numbers and not enough about just
having fun and being happy in life and
putting out content that's stuff that I
like and stuff that you guys might like
and so I had that realization and now I
feel great like now I'm excited to post
videos and now I'm excited to just live
my life be happy and post stuff that I
like and if I like I'll post it if I
don't I don't and that's it and um and
so I feel really good now and so it was
weird to post that video I'd be crying
and being sad after I'd already felt
better and felt like good and positive
about the change and then everyone just
being sad and feeling like the news like
pray for me stuff so that's I took it
down so um anyway if you guys want to
see you can but there's a restriction
you're not allowed to tweet me about how
sad you are for me because I'm really
good and I'm really happy and I'm really
excited to post videos now so it's not
it was just a moment and the only reason
I posted it in the first place was to
show you like hey sometimes I get sad
and sometimes you get sad and that's
cool but I'm fine now um so if you watch
it no sad depressing comments no sad and
depressing tweets just watch it as like
a little look into a sad night in my
life like oh she had a sad night
sometimes I have sad nights I hate when
that happens
I'm glad she's better and she's not sad
anymore that's like kind of how I would
love for you guys to have perspective on
it if you choose to watch it so it is in
the description below but I just wanted
to UM I didn't want to completely delete
it because I didn't want people to think
I was like ashamed of being sad and I
didn't want people to think I was like
scared to post an honest video cuz I'm
not it's it's still there um I just
didn't want people to get the wrong idea
from it I didn't want people things that
I'm like depressed and sad and kind of
and also I watched it back and I was
like this isn't that big of a deal calm
you're fine and I didn't want people to
think that I was like I don't know I
don't know so anyway that's how I feel
about it and he's gonna watch it again
um but I'm back to vlogging and I might
not blog every single day for vlogmas it
just kind of depends on what I'm doing
and how busy I am but I'm gonna vlog as
often as I want to and that's kind of
how I'm gonna approach this and today I
woke up and I was like wow I am going to
pack and then I'm going to fly hmm
really it gene my I thought I would do I
changed my mind I'm not just gonna go
pack and leave you guys I mind - I don't
you like a packing haul people do that
right I'm gonna show you what I take
when I go on a quick little trip I was
only here for one day I was here for
they don't want me to call the
commercial it's a video for to shore no
and I had to shoot yesterday with Clay
Matthews who's a football person
apparently and I did not
DeStorm and raywilliamjohnson and so we
shot all day yesterday with my hair it's
just like the craziest okay first of all
I usually take with me everywhere I go a
blanket that I sleep with because I
sleep with a lot ease my cats at home my
right I go I bring makeup and all of
this makeup actually that I brought with
me today is makeup that I bought in
Georgia over Thanksgiving break because
I forgot my makeup in Georgia and I had
to go to a drugstore and buy all new
makeup and actually like love a lot of
it typically I go to like Sephora or I
go to Mac and I get all my makeup but
there's drugstore makeup that it's like
really good and really change this goes
with me everywhere in my back I keep
certain things my backpacks and certain
things in my suitcase oh my god there's
so much stuff in this backpack
little bit I've got money from Canada
$20 Canadian money $5 Canadian money
this which is let me tell you incredible
before we left town we made dark
chocolate peppermint cookies and they
are insane like the best things ever and
so when we're leaving I was like I can't
leave without these cookies and then I
put them in my backpack and forgot about
them and now there's mushed engrossed
but I'm still gonna keep them on the
plane your butter bowl movement my keys
which are attached to my wallet because
it always have to get them all and all
my cars and everything which I want to
go fast you can't memorize my numbers my
SD cards I can so this is the ring box
that I got my color ring and that Josh
and I got our core rings our hymen which
I'm not wearing right now and I'm really
hoping is in the bathroom at my house
because if it is not I'm gonna freak out
I know it's at my house somewhere I just
don't know where it is in my house which
I hope Josh isn't launching loose
I didn't lose it I just don't know
artists one of the best palettes ever go
makeup to face naturalised I am
obsessive this because it's small and it
has really pretty colors strongly
recommend this palette nasal spray
because like once a year when I'm on a
plane for some reason I cannot breathe
out of like one side of my nose
and it only happens like once a year so
heat this with me off done my charm
bracelet that I had from
our camp so when I did my summer camp to
her I had oh no somebody just came off
okay so this is the charm bracelet that
I made when I was on summer camp to her
the muriatic camp to her everyone who
came with show brought me charm
bracelets so a bunch of you guys have
the same exact bracelet and I just put
all the charms on it that you guys gave
me and had two of these and I carry one
around with me everywhere I go so that
whenever I open up my backpack oh my god
my friends room to have a cookie that
Joshua bought for me he went to go get
coffee and he came back with a cookie
for me because he's adorable and I
didn't need it so I just have it and
here's a bra that I need to put on
because my nipples are flopping about at
the moment okay so I have some pajama
pants that I just took off leggings
because they are my new obsession I
never thought I could pull off leggings
I always was one of those girls that was
like leggings are not pants and then now
I have noticed I have no but if I get
pants up in my waist
they don't fit like they're too short
and if I get pants that fit like my leg
lengths are really long weird legs if I
advanced that fit my long legs and they
don't fit my waist I'm tripping on my
waist
so I've gotten obsessed with leggings
because they just kind of always fit I
got some panties which I'm not going to
show you why I have this shirt which I
was just wearing in bed and I also wore
yesterday I think I got it at route 21
and this is really ugly I put it on
yesterday I was gonna go out and I was
like oh wow this is really ugly so I
have my straightener because I've
naturally really curly hair I got kind
of just like garbage like a nail file
like why would I file my my nail over
the weekend oh I brought my snow jacket
I thought it was on the snow here and I
didn't but it did get me really warm so
I got this leather jacket the other day
I was at UM forever 21 because I love
some cheap clothes when my Delian icon
this jacket and I think it's so cute
this is my bathroom right now I've got
T's perfume which is my favorite aside
from re re is my favorite but I don't
have a travel size and re and so I take
T's with me when I travel it smells so
good I also brought this which is dry
shampoo because I didn't want to shower
while I was here I mean I show it but I
didn't wash my hair as you can tell I
got a curling iron which I need to use
because my hair looks like a mess right
now someone plug it in and I have Deuter
this is the only direct that works on me
every other kind of you turn I use I
smell like a man at the end of the day
not that that's bad I smell like command
it's fine smelling man men are great I
don't miss my like a stinky man and
that's what it smells like when I don't
use this to turn and have a bean cuz I
get cold that's it that's all I have I'm
gonna go get lunch
after I pack this stuff up and I'm gonna
get on a plane and go home to my BAE so
I probably won't show much of that I'll
probably just shoot when I get home to
Josh so I love you guys see you in LA
mm yeah I'm happy that's like the
longest we've been away from each other
since we got married you a lot of times
people talk about how the Internet is
face and oh my god my battery's linking
and how relationships on the Internet
are fake and prove it's you I was just
recording and I don't think you knew I
was recording so I was about to vlog but
then he grabbed my face started saying
sweet things well you were handsome
audio of Joshua and having no idea that
this is recording I don't know if I want
you to post that oh I'll show it to you
first
I thought about you every day I'm so
lucky
the way that you look right now of
course we have issues and we have
arguments but we love each other and
it's ain't no joke ladies and gents okay
that's enough turn it on okay love you
guys
