I am awake it is an early time to have
some fun low meetings oh my god today
I'm announcing my app which for you is
yesterday so it's already out by the
time you see this but my app is out my
Miranda app which is so exciting and
crazy and weird and fun and I hope you
guys all play and I hope you like it and
I hope by the time you've seen this you
guys have all downloaded it it's a free
app so just download it and play it it's
really fun umm I wanna know what you
guys think of it but anyway I ain't need
to go into this meeting love you guys in
a little bit alright a mom and
Christopher and I are rehearsing I've
got a tutu on for the Nutcracker
sequence
okay take it to the show it is now 4:30
and now I can edit yesterday's look it's
been a long day of stuff and I can find
sit down edit so excited being a serious
video by the time you watch this vlog
this condom challenge video will be up
so go check it out because I think it's
gonna be really funny because tomorrow
morning I'm flying to Green Bay
Wisconsin so by the time you guys are
watching this will probably be in a
plane in the air flying to Green Bay and
I'm doing a little brand deal singie
so it's like a one-day shoot it's like
for a commercial basically so it's not
gonna go in my channel so you guys won't
see it on here but you'll probably see
it in like pre-roll ads or something
like that I shoot all day on Saturday
and then and I think DeStorm is going to
be in it and raywilliamjohnson
and yeah so it should be an interesting
shoot look what came in the mail today
I'm very exciting I can't show you
what's in it but this is a big heavy box
and I know what's in this big heavy box
because I've gotten this big heavy box
twice before and I'll give you a hint
what's inside of it one in a million one
in a million
he gets home tomorrow and I leave
tomorrow so we're gonna miss each other
I leave in the morning and he gets home
at night so that sucks so I was wrong
about this box Rachel let me know that
it was not it is not that one in a
million
it's actually a box of posters cuz it's
from Spreadshirt so I'm an idiot
speaking of Spreadshirt oh my god I
forgot about this I was supposed to tell
you guys this days ago
I have Miranda sings backpacks which is
really cool too my sister-in-law Erin
redesigned it and put it on this
backpack which is really exciting
last year and the year before I came to
this house that is always lit up and I
usually go Josh mine sir over there and
it's not lit up and I don't know why but
there's other pretty Christmas lights
around so I'll show you the other
Christmas lights but right now this
house is not lit up and it's very sad
look good it's all usually it's all lit
up but right now it's like dark and
scary this is like super eerie right now
oh my god terrified
so we just went to the grocery store and
we found pumpkin pie soda which sounds
disgusting so of course about it cuz we
want to try Rachel and I are gonna try
this nasty pumpkin pie soda has anyone
else tried this you know it's not so far
oh it's perfectly water that's soda
sparkling water that has a flavor that's
a soda that isn't it was like um
airborne when you get sick yeah mmm
don't like that taste like a candle I
don't know what it tastes like like a
candle core I can't read this I'm
actually playing the Miranda sings that
you found now on any cell phone or iPad
device thank you in any gas
yeah it's not good
which obviously it's not good no no no
yeah no that's it yeah like grows it's
literally a candle in your mouth it's
not good anyway I need to do a little
bit of work and go to bed but I love you
guys thanks for watching tomorrow I'm
flying to Green Bay Wisconsin I don't
know I said it was southern accidents
and on the south but it is cold there
it'll be a fun adventure I'm going with
this little Queen they're playing my app
everyone's been playing the app all day
just so funny I haven't even played I
haven't even beat all the levels yet and
Rachel already beat all the levels well
then how are you how are you still
playing here to be though did you get my
app what do you think get tickets in
Santa Barbara shows only half sold I'm
really sad it's like no one wants to
come but I really want to come because I
work here early on I think it's really
helped me all have money as you turned
off my camera in the middle of my
sentence
