Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate it's a new dawn it's a new day
it's a new light oh hi guys it's the day
of the show and we're about to do
soundcheck this morning went to the
beach for a hot second we mostly just
edited and I got up to videos if you
haven't seen them please go check them
out there's one with me and Parker is
Miranda and I love it and it's like my
favorite video ever and then I also did
a video that I think is great
that's about looking in one of those
close-up mirrors and how horrible that
is so make sure to check those out but
this is the theater rat today oh this is
the venue it's so pretty so these are
closed because I don't have anyone in
Maui really who knows who I am so this
is the part we're selling down here and
I think it's like half fish sold so but
I'm surprised anybody at all knows who I
am out on an island in the Pacific it's
pretty incredible that I can come to
Maui and anyone knows I don't know who I
am that blows my mind so I'm excited
I've never had a shone Maui before um
yeah we're about to do sound check
should be fun
what you just made me do
can't keep her and heaven knows I proud
I
let's come us we're proof it's like gee
is this light chief these are hard to
eat
so fun little part of the show is we
throw up these beach balls to the
audience so there's like not very many
tickets sold tonight so basically
everyone's gonna get a beach ball cuz
we're throwing out five I'm not just
kidding I think we are at 350 tickets
sold which is still amazing I can't
believe that many people still know who
I am or care enough to come to my show
but I'm going to sign them so if you
guys ever come to the show and you've
seen us throw out these beach balls
anyone who's at the show like who's come
with me like my family and friends
alright
all righty
fine we're gonna go through some
presents Jason and Hayley's Jack open on
the vlog oh I am oh it's pretty bracelet
look at this pretty neat we got some
mango pieces
sour apple candies oh my god and these
gummy bears um thank you oh my god from
Tiffany and Kyle no candy her name's on
the original Tiffany and company Randa
sings earrings look at this Mac he gave
me that chocolate Swiss is a giant
marshmallow oh my god I think there's
like sprinkles on them that look so
yummy thank you more macadamia nut
chocolates we got oh these are so good
sweet nice we got some more ladies this
is fun look at these Mandy pitcher maybe
I'm assuming you made these this is so
cool I don't know where when you made
these but I'm assuming this was supposed
to be glued on and it broke off or
something but Sid wooden unicorn that
rides on a thing thank you it's a little
frozen ornament and this cool drawing of
the posters that's awesome mini churros
is this real
and all these yummy sweets oh my god
it's a squid or something oh
God look at this thank you so much like
a yummy cookie thank you
bracelet or is this a necklace oh it's a
necklace Wow a sack of slime maybe now
I'll be viral because they're slowing my
video a squeegee Thank You McKenna and I
got a buncha leis check it out look at
all these oh my goodness they smell so
good I wish you guys could smell through
YouTube because it's amazing Patrick's
here I like your shirt Patrick he was
just dancing with me another season so
he could have played it better than so
fun hello I'm back home from the show it
was really fun I had so much fun you
know it's crazy like I performed in
Australia and New Zealand just a couple
weeks ago and like I remember performing
in Melbourne in a 3,000 seat theater and
it was like sold out and packed to the
brim it was so crazy to see that many
people at one of my shows like I was
like oh my god 3,000 people it's so nuts
to sell it a huge event venue like that
and then tonight it was a big venue and
we sold like just under 400 tickets and
to walk out and see 400 people they had
the same energy the same excitement the
same like I don't know it was just it
was so cool it's like it doesn't matter
how many people are there like to me
it's just as fun regardless of how many
people show up and they're just sticks
as excited to be there which is just
like the coolest feeling in the world
like I don't know it made me think of
like back when I used to do like comedy
clubs and stuff like I used to do like I
started out doing like 80 seat theaters
a hundred seat theaters then I moved up
just like 200 or 300 and then I moved up
to like 600 and a thousand until I got
to like where I'm at now which is
usually around like 2000 ish seats but
it was just crazy tonight to like being
in this big venue and it like not even
be half full but it still had like the
same energy that my shows have in the
audience
was so excited and happy to be there and
like laughing and having fun and I don't
know it just made me so happy I had so
much fun like it doesn't matter where I
am how many people show up in the whole
world like you guys make me so happy and
it is so much fun to perform for you and
just I can't thank you enough for
letting me have such a fun wonderful job
like it makes me really happy
but anyway showing well however today is
a sad day because the fires are raging
in California and it's really really
really scary Jessica my brother and my
sister-in-law and their four kids are
safe right now they're kind of you know
in the thick of it there's there's fires
everywhere in California like in the LA
area it's really scary if I was home
right now I'd be freaking out I'd be
packing my stuff and I'd probably just
leave just to get out of there because
it's terrifying like tonight they're
suppose the winds are supposed to kick
up really crazy and like they can't do
they can't detain the fires there's
nothing they can do people are losing
their homes animals are gonna die people
might die like it's really freaking
scary so I'm really scared for everyone
who's in LA right now and I hope
everyone staying safe and I hope
everyone is listening to whatever the
firefighters and the government
officials are telling them to do like
people tell you to evacuate please get
the heck out of there like stay safe
it's really really scary like it's crazy
to see there's videos of like the
freeway I literally drove down that
freeway to get to the airport to fly to
Hawaii like literally a few days ago I
was driving on that freeway and now
there's videos of it just like flames
everywhere like it's just insane so
anyway um it's really scary to say safe
everybody out there stays a
