good morning everyone I'm watching my
husband on internet what I do every day
and today Cory and I are going to do the
condom challenge for my video on Friday
and so I'm having Sami who is my
assistant for the next couple of weeks I
was like Sami today I need you go get me
a pussy condom I searched me laughs if
you take a shower she came back in the
room she's like so uh way back just uh
kind of by making a condom yesterday hey
guys so um there were shootings in
California and I'm just feeling very I'm
super sad and bummed out and I just uh I
don't there's like no words it's one of
those things there's just like why like
I just don't understand there's like so
many shootings I feel like every day you
hear about a new shooting more people
getting killed oh I just freaking hate
it I don't know I don't really have
anything particular to say I just feel
sad and pissed like I'm angry it makes
you think like you never know what's
gonna happen you never know
you just never know like you're those
people I had no idea that they were this
was going to be their last morning to
wake up they had no like it just
happened so I don't know I just
it freaks me out it makes me even more
sad that like I'm not with Josh right
now josh is on the east coast doing a
tour and I couldn't go because I had so
much work to do and it's just like I
don't know it just makes me want to be
with him and be with my family and screw
work and screw everything else and just
be with family and be with people who
matter because you never know what could
happen like that could have been my mom
who was shot today could have been Josh
good even me it could have been any of
my friends like so I don't know it's
just ah makes me sit I'm so there's not
a word I don't think because it's more
than sad it's more than frustrated it's
more than upset it's more than
devastated it's a word that like doesn't
exist it's how I feel
pray up for the people who have been
victims of shootings in the last few
months and send out good vibes and
energy whatever you believe in just any
good vibes prayers thoughts anything to
those people because I cannot even
imagine and the people and for the
people who are shooting like clearly
they have are so there's something so
wrong with them that they are doing
these things like and they need prayers
and thoughts and good vibes in thier way
too so that they don't do stuff like
this I don't know I'd very I feel I hate
how I feel right now about weird about
talking about it in this I don't know I
feel like a lot of times youtubers we
get kind of made fun of for like using
situations to get views or it's not and
I and I don't want people to think
that's why I was talking about this it's
just something that like I'm filming
every day and this is something that is
affecting me very greatly so I'm just so
sad about all the shootings that are
happening and all the people who are
dying last few months like with Paris
and then there's just I feel like every
day here but a new shooting and it's I
hate I don't know I can't even process
it I'm just talking you guys cuz I
really do feel like this camera and you
guys are my friends like I tell you guys
everything so and that's why we share
our life we share when things are hard
and when things are wonderful and happy
I feel like crawling in a ball and
crying and talking to my parents go tell
everyone you love that you love them
rachel is here now and we are filming as
you can see we're currently filming that
is recording and we're making volcano
messes and it's super fun you're gonna
have to subscribe derecho to see it it's
launched uploading on tuesday sorry guys
but it's wrong
yeah okay Rachel I just finished filming
Club her channel and then one for mine
we did a yummy nummies um those things
are so gross it was nasty there is so
nasty it mine's gonna go up either
Monday or Tuesday hers will be up
Tuesday but here's a clip of something
to look forward to
all right I'm gonna go do some editing
and all of the fun things that go with
that Cory he's been here all day and
he's been helping me out a lot with work
and stuff and he made this cute little
sign that says 17 days until Christmas
it's not 17 days till Christmas but it
will be when I film caline's corner and
so we're making a little sign look what
I just uploaded it's going up on Friday
the condom challenge I am very excited
about it I think I think it's really
funny I just edited it and I was
laughing out loud so I think you guys
are gonna like it a lot
Cory and I are gonna go to the mall and
pick up a hat and scarves and stuff like
that because I'm going to Green Bay this
weekend which is so random but it's
snowing there and I have to go for this
brand deal thing that I'm doing it's a
quick trip I'm just going to be there
for like one day pretty much we're going
there this weekend so I need to pick up
some stuff for the snow because it is
not snow here so I don't have a lot of
snow apparel and then we're gonna go to
Color Me Mine with Joey and Daniel I'm
very excited it's kind of like a double
date all right so now we are at Color Me
Mine
you say like that but we're trying to
pick stuff to pain and I don't know what
are you thinking Joey girl I am I uni
corny you got the unicorn with the
stubby horn she's growing it out
sighs cleaning over yeah oh that's cute
I like this mug I like the shape I just
want something that will actually like
yeah that's shown yeah so I'll be like
Oh what will I ever do with this yeah I
don't know yeah I decided between this
like gingerbread man and the snowman so
I can't show you my progress because I'm
going to gift my mother something for
Christmas so mom you're the reason I'm
not allowed to show what I'm doing but
Corey how's it going good I'm making a
car a little bit see that's its mouth oh
that's cute why so angry because I'm
angry inside and then it has a tail
because why because I really love a good
pussy to drink that up you know
how's it going Danielle gorgeous I'm
making a little cupcake this is the
bottom
I love the nip on the top yes I'm gonna
paint it as a thick ball good no how's
yours going oh my god good that looks so
cute don't figure out how to like oh my
god that looks like a penis oh yeah a
little bit I want it just really
accentuate the tip yeah this is a very
very sexual painting experience Cory is
doing 40 there's nipples on Daniels and
Joy's as a penis how cute is this
I love it when you talk about showing
them the display models I love it oh
you're vlogging stop Joey I was coming
me now for the hard part so he just left
Color Me Mine and it was so fun I just
love Color Me Mine I and I are twins
like all of our favorite things to do
and everything and Color Me Mine is like
our dreamland I would live there if I
could
the book was also just really nice to
hang out with Joey and Daniel they're so
much fun and I don't know make me really
happy so anyway we decided we wanted
some hot cocoa so we're looking for so
we have located the hot cocoa oh I like
the kindness in mini marshmallows yeah
yeah okay what about is there any other
kind that we like no this is the best
yeah that's obviously
you put on the rockets and we both just
started tapping with them like
three-year-olds who are watching a dance
show and they like start doing it along
with me and I've noticed that we were
doing it alone and not talking about it
now weird that was and that is why cause
my face red it is almost 1:30 in the
morning Cory and I have been
choreographing the Nutcracker for the
Christmas show
you guys I I think this show is gonna be
so funny and I'm so sad that we're only
doing three performances cuz I don't
know I just think it's going really
really really funny
the Nutcracker is gonna be super funny
and I don't know I just wish you all
could come if you're around the Santa
Barbara area la San Diego anywhere it is
worth the drive get your tickets in
Santa Barbara show the San Jose shows I
think I might already be sold out one of
them is sold out the other one might not
be um but oh my god I think it's gonna
be so funny I I need to go to bed
because I have stuff all day tomorrow
it's a busy day but it was such a fun
day was sad in the beginning but ended
up really fun and Cory is the coolest
cat in the wilderness and I love you
guys have any day
