good hmm
howdy guys welcome to vlogmas day
something
what is it day five um I need to take a
Polaroid my goodness this is exciting so
every day for my advent calendar I take
a Polaroid to put up so they could just
happen
check it out I don't just wake up
looking like Miranda I've just filmed a
bunch of videos but I always like to
fill Miranda videos when I write when we
got because I look the most busted in
the morning
Christmas starting to develop Varsha
blows we have me by myself looking a
little bit bald me and my mom me and
Christopher and me are what just burned
up not me I'm Ryder today um I'm trying
to stockpile bunch of random videos um
because it's a busy month and so I need
to just get a bunch of Miranda stuff
ready for the month Corey's gonna come
over later and I think we're gonna go to
a tree lighting ceremony tonight which
should be really really fun you guys Oh
freaking idiot I've been so swamped
today that I uploaded my vlog to my
psycho soprano channel I didn't realize
it until now which is five or six hours
after I posted it so I don't know what
to do I guess I'll just upload it to my
other channel Oh what an idiot
what an idiot alrighty so it is eight
o'clock and we are very late through the
tree lighting in West Hollywood there's
a tree lighting that is it's like a day
awareness tree lighting event thing I
don't really know what it is but we're
going and it'll be fun and it started at
7:00 and it's a date so the trees
probably already lived but we're still
gonna try to go and have some fun all
right we are
it's amazing
I feel like what you're thinking here
Oh
look
oh I'm so tired
it is like 1:00 in the morning and a
real fun night and oh my god I've been
rubbing my eyes there's makeup
everywhere
sorry this vlog was kind of low
maintenance not really much happened for
you I feel bad when I'm at home and I'm
working because I can't tell you about
half the projects I'm doing so I don't
want every vlog to be like I just worked
on something I'm not continue on in it
because I hate when people do that and
I've been doing that a lot when I'm
editing my vlogs Mikheil you're so
annoying don't say that so um I just
tried to not vlog alot of today and then
now I have no footage all right I love
you guys and I will see you tomorrow go
bye
