good morning everybody good morning man
it's about 9:00 in the morning look at
the bags in my eyes I hate how
pronounced Miranda has made the bags
under my eyes and the wrinkles in my
forehead no maybe that's just me but I
blame Miranda because of all the weird
expressions I do and how hard I rub my
makeup off every day to do Miranda so
yeah I'm gonna look like I'm 50 by the
time I'm 31 anyway
Christopher's on his way over and so are
a couple of other people and I'm gonna
have mmm a little work session day which
hopefully I could free and tell you
about soon it is certainly not my fault
that I cannot tell you just me so I'm
waiting for them to get here and we're
probably gonna be working most day and
then Ricky Dillon's coming over tonight
look I'm excited to see him he's always
so sweet all right
I'm so tired I need to upload my Miranda
and Kelleen collab right now and I need
to upload um my Connor and Miranda
collab right now so that's what I'm
about to do
this is what the world has come to
and watching Christopher's channel but
he's sitting right there I'm tweeting
about my channel I could just talk to
you about your life in your channel but
instead I'm watching it live situation
or fish a dinners yeah alright um
meetings over it's 3:30 and now
Christopher and I are working on the
Ballinger Evans Christmas Spectacular
show that we're doing this is who you
don't know we're doing a Christmas show
I'm sure you know cuz I talk about all
the time we're doing Christmas shows in
Santa Barbara and San Jose and we're
starting to write fun little things to
put in the shows oh my husband's calling
me I gotta go bye
your face
uh merry little Christmas none oh look
at this
moms are he isn't he's scrubbing the
ground and look at the difference
between in the cracks of these tiles is
all black it was originally white when
we moved in and now it's this color look
at this this is blowing my mind
it's so gross those pox are still gross
I need a scrubby mom this is crazy guys
okay so now I'm hearing Ricky Ricky and
I are gonna do a video together I'm very
excited and it has to do with our butt
and my mom thought that Ricky was in the
bathroom pudding
like hop up here yes tell you oh because
part of the challenge is like having to
do with your bed so I don't want to give
too much away but you probably already
know this but she was she found out what
the name of the challenge was and it
sounds bad and so she was like wait he's
in the bathroom putting things in his
butt and I was like no he's not hot
ah so anyway we're about to film a video
and business in the obscene alright it
is now almost 10:00 tonight and I am at
time at Target and we're having a
lightsaber fight
my necklace hit artists yeah that was
your bonnet that was strong whatever at
Target cuz we had an emergency we need
to make chocolate chip cupcake ice cream
god you're both here
yes I want this for Christmas
what's my daughter one in the morning we
wrap things and we made cupcake things
and I'm tired of you guys see it
yeah
