good morning
alrighty it is November 29th day 3
technically of vlogmas and today I'm
doing a very typical Sunday for me which
is I'm on my couch in my pajamas with my
heel in my vagina working as usual a lot
of the last like what's a typical day in
the life of like a youtuber and this is
it like my TV's on for background noise
and I sit on my computer and I edit and
I write and I film and I edit and I
write and I fail and then I edit and
that's kind of the whole day sundays are
usually pretty busy for me because I
have Miranda video that goes at Monday
and cleans corner goes up Tuesday but in
this case I have my final collab that
goes up tomorrow which is my Miranda and
kollene collab so that will be up by the
time you guys are watching this probably
so you guys gonna check that out but
yeah so today I have to be that I also
have to film all over and videos and all
michaleen videos for the week today
because the rest of the week I have
meetings and like stuff that I have to
go do not like in Shane's music video he
says that youtubers say they go to
meetings and then they really just want
to away sometimes that is true I'm sure
but in this case actually you have a lot
of meetings
yes that's what I'm doing I'm putting on
my face right now cuz I'm not wearing
makeup and I need to put on makeup
because I'm gonna film the Colleen
Miranda collab whenever I do Miranda
clean claps I usually put on a lot of
makeup as knees there's a bigger
contrast yeah so sue me right now it's
not little Billings is it blog nice fun
so I have set up the room for the video
I have to pick out a Miranda outfit look
at Miranda's room right now this is
insanity it is such a mess so this box
right here and if you see that right
there underneath all the pile of stuff
is all the clothes I was going to sell
and raise money for childhood cancer
back in October and I put it all up on
eBay and eBay after everyone bid eBay
deleted my account because they thought
it was a fraud account
and so I still need to sell all these
clothes and donate that donate the money
to childhood cancer so I'm gonna do that
this month but it's just like on my long
laundry list of things I have to do so
hopefully I'm gonna have someone who's
going to come and save me a couple weeks
and help me organize my life and that's
one of the things we're gonna do
together
it sells clothes for childhood cancer so
you're gonna see that pretty soon but
anyway I even got him red outfit so what
should Miranda wear today Moran has been
super into this leopard print lately so
maybe I'll do that pick out of the
lipstick drawer I'm very picky with my
red lipstick that one's too dark like
kind of an orange --red I think that's
the winner so I need to open this up
took me like 20 minutes to prove to me
come on now I'm gonna have to take it
all off
after I spill in the clean part of the
video then I take it off to film the
random part of video it's just so
annoying but all this time and effort
into putting makeup on and I shake it
off I just finished filming the Miranda
part of the video and this is the most
terrifying part for me because it takes
about an hour and a half to film the
video and it's really hard to do the
Miranda : collabs and then I have to put
it in the computer and do the split
screen and see if it worked
because sometimes um this the camera
gets bumped and if the camera moves even
like a sliver it'll screw up the split
screen or if there's a shadow that
wasn't there in the first one so this is
the most terrifying part and the worst
thing is is that my camera or my
computer currently is broken so it's
gonna be really hard for me to be able
to see if it worked or not
so I'm going to panic right now and try
desperately to fix do edit and okay
goodbye this is my life look my dad is
here and mom's here
Rachel's here shoes dad still working on
this video job is now dark outside
ah computer plays walk dick Michael you
know
but the bomb place took my phone so I'll
have my phone fixed from being shattered
in about an hour but my computer I can't
get fixed feels fixed till later so I'm
really annoyed I'm Rachel's computer
while she's here because my computer is
dying alright now we're going taking a
break you guys have your own life of any
one here we go alright I got my phone
fixed an hour on our way home but first
I needed some toothpaste we stopped a
little market and look what they have in
the market they have girls fashion
pantyhose very fancy in this kid who
kind of looks like parker a little bit
this girls having a blast she is having
so much fun rachel just found this
bizarre penis it's like me up in that
way it's definitely a nice emotion you
you guys I am so glad my mom is here so
last night I get really scared I'm
really scared of and scared of
everything
normally I'd say I'm a pretty strong
independent woman but ever since I've
been with Josh I'd been very dependent
on him and so I can't I don't like
sleeping without him I don't like
sleeping alone like I keep hearing
things I'm so panicky you guys have seen
me in live streams when I'm home alone
and like freaked out at every noise um
well my mom is staying night with me
tonight cuz I was like I don't like
being alone and so she's here to be a
good mom even though I'm a grown adult
woman but she's here and we're like
hanging out and we heard a knock like
knock-knock-knock knock-knock-knock
knock-knock-knock over by my kitchen and
then me and we're like maybe it was the
ice machine and then we heard it again
outside like out by a fence that's
really by nearby my house and I was like
oh my god someone is here and I was
thinking if my mom was not here I
literally would have started sobbing and
then the power just went out like fully
all the lights just went completely off
after like 30 seconds they all came back
on but I'm like if mom was not here I
would be seriously sobbing and calling
Josh me like you're coming home tonight
so I'm glad my mom's here even though
she's probably just as scared as me
she's pretending that she's not so
thanks mom okay
you know why we got a knife all right
it is about knit midnight midnight it's
midnight midnight we were watching
trainwreck all the lights are on it's so
pretty
and look what we made so this is our
advent calendar this year and right in
the Penguins arms is the Polaroid camera
and every day we take a picture saying
how many days left till Christmas until
the whole tree is full of Polaroids
which I think will be super cute all
right that's it for me today thanks for
watching guys not much happened I was
just at home working and tomorrow I'm
doing a collab with Ricky which is
exciting
so you guys can look forward to that and
my brother's coming over to help with
the work stuff and all that jazz so
anyway I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow
you
