oh we're in the south man got people
riding under Mudbox Andres right back
from high ride to the road the road
appeal on their mobile back bathroom
terribly cherry blossom right you know
I'm heading back to LA today but before
we go I have to get southern food one
last time and if you live in any other
part of the country and you think that
you've had southern barbecue you have
not because there's plenty of like
barbecue places all over California and
they are garbage compared to actual
southern barbecue it is incredible so
that's where I look really bizarre today
shattered we're at my favorite barbecue
place and make it it's called fresh air
let me show you this wonderment that was
the weirdest
experience I've ever had on a flight
maybe even in my life the guy was
sitting next to on the plane watched the
Miranda sings episode of comedians in
cars getting coffee that I did a Jerry
Seinfeld and to see my face on a screen
and know he it was this guy was like
totally 50 there's no way he knew who I
was previous to watching this episode
and the anticipation of waiting to see
if he's gonna turn it off or if he was
gonna watch all thing and he's gonna
laugh
welcome with Rachel oh my so okay so
anyway I was talking about this in the
airport and I got uncomfortable talking
about out loud in for strangers
I hate vlogging so I know meet you so it
was so awkward because I'm used to
performing in front of people who have
already seen my videos before and if
someone watches my video I'm standing
right there
so if like my mom or my friends or even
someone who's never heard of me before
watches one of my videos I'm standing
there so even if they hate it they'll be
like oh yeah that's great like they'll
tell me that I like it so the fact that
he had no idea I was sitting next to him
and I had to sit one inch away from a
man watching random for the first time
and see if he hated it or if he loved it
it was I was sweating I was panicking
I was freaking out and I was in a middle
seat so it's not like I could have
gotten up and like walked around the
heart of me wanted to say something to
him I wanted to be like hey that's me
cuz I'm really proud of that episode
it's like when my favorite things I've
ever done in my life you should have
been like that was a good episode I know
I wanted to but I felt like I'd have
been just so cocky and like annoying cuz
because when I thought the first I
thought I wanted to tap him on the
shoulder like hey that's me but then I
was like no cuz what if he hates it and
then he'll feel forced to finish it at
the end yeah and then I waited till the
end and I watched it in the episode
happened so I was like okay I can see
something I'll say now say it now and I
just chickened out cuz I was like if
that were me and I watched something on
an airplane and then the person next to
me was like hey that's me I'd be like oh
what a douche like to try to get
recognition for something I just watched
now I have to sit next to this person do
I need to compliment them like I think I
just was like oh I would feel
uncomfortable so I didn't say anything
but then I was nervous I'll fight that
he was gonna recognize me
I was so panicky like I started editing
a random video and he kind of looked
over and I like shut my computer really
fast but I like desperately needed to
edit a Miranda video but it was a really
and the coolest part was he was laughing
so the first 10 minutes I could tell he
was like what is this but then he
started kind of chuckling a little bit
and I couldn't tell if he was burping or
laughing and then after a while he was
like really laughing out loud and I was
so it was such a cool moment because you
know people tell you you're talented
when they talk to you because they want
to be mean so people you know in my
career but you never really know who's
telling the truth and who's just saying
that to me nice so it was really cool to
see a middle-aged man who clearly never
heard of me before watching my episode
and he was laughing at jokes that I was
saying in that episode and it was like
oh my god that's so cool like I don't
know it was really it was probably the
biggest compliment I've ever received in
my entire life was that was him laughing
at me and he doesn't even know they're
sitting next to him and he didn't say
anything to me but it was the biggest
compliment in the world that so anyway
if you ever watch this random person you
probably won't ever but if you ever do
you random middle-aged man gave me the
best compliment of my entire life and
I'm forever grateful it was a very cool
moment for me to see you laugh and yeah
anyway
rich and I are hanging out she's gonna
take me home
I'm gonna try to force her to stay
around me for as long as possible mister
I'm so pissed I ordered a Christmas
present for my mom and I got home and
normally they put our packages on our
doorstep but this delivery person was
just lazy and just threw it over the
fence onto our lawn and the sprinklers
went off today obviously and it got the
whole thing soaking wet it was an adult
coloring book because she said she likes
them and it ruined the whole book is
soaking wet why would they do that
