hey guys welcome to vlogmas welcome to
vlogmas so it's that wonderful time of
the year where every youtuber vlogs
every single day of their life Hey look
I am doing what he's doing right now I
am vlogging I'm currently in Georgia and
this is a one taker because I realized
that normally I start vlogmas on
Thanksgiving and yesterday was
Thanksgiving and I did not follow
anything and I did not file any thing
today either and it is 10:30 p.m. but
starting now I will vlog every day until
Christmas um yeah this is the first year
I'm doing it on this channel as opposed
to my psycho soprano channel so I'm kind
of nervous I feel like no one's gonna
watch last year um I did really well on
my cycle soprano channel everyone
watched it and everyone really enjoyed
it and this year I'm switching it and
I'm kind of nervous about it so I hope
people watch and I hope you will
subscribe and hope we will like it Lulla
also my brother is doing vlogmas I'm
currently watching his latest vlog that
is his one it's a horrible screen job
that is his mother-in-law and look at my
computer broke yesterday which is awful
ah and I couldn't fix it because today
is Black Friday and so I did not want to
go to the store to try to buy a new
laptop or get it fixed and also my phone
is cracked can you see this can you tell
I can't really tell but my phone is
cracked too so I'm a total mess I forgot
to vlog yesterday my computer's broken
my phone is broken
I currently have horrible diarrhea so I
am just a huge ball of mess but I want
to let you guys know that I am doing
vlogmas I'm really excited about it and
um yeah it's kind of it tomorrow head
back to LA and I will take you with me
and just there's a lot of stuff going on
so um I don't know I don't know what
else to say I forgot how to vlog how do
i vlog and what else what else what else
you guys so I guess I'll tell you a
little bit of what you'll see this month
from me vlogging everyday um you will
see me getting ready for my Christmas
shows in Santa Barbara and San Jose I'm
doing big family Christmas shows I'm
writing a really fun cool project a
vlogger I came up here to see if you
were okay I was just telling him about
my poop explosions I was worried and
then I heard you talking to someone
are you okay I'm talking to them I know
you smell it it can't me okay they're
always about you - I know thank you
I know I was about to come out but I
wanted to vlog this Bellucci so anyway
I'm gonna go but um I wanna let you guys
know I am doing vlogmas this month and
I'm gonna go hang out with my family
I've been sitting in bed alone for the
past half hour because I had crazy
explosive diarrhea TMI get used to it
it's vlogmas you're gonna find
everything gonna find out everything
about my life alright this is very long
to be unedited I love you guys and I
will see you tomorrow and that's all oh
wait I was in the middle telling you how
many thing what I'm doing this month so
you know what to look forward to I'm
going to be writing a lot with my
brother for some cool projects we're
doing I'm traveling to do some fun like
Brian stuff that don't worry there's no
brands on this channel but but I do have
to travel to do brand stuff so I'll be
traveling to Green Bay or something
random I'll be in Santa Barbara a lot I
will be ah there's things happening this
month I can tell you about how I got a
vlog it'll be a challenge but you guys
will know soon so I guess never mind
this is so pointless why am I talking
this is why I don't flog I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow okay my
