hi guys I'm gonna tweet this out really
fast I am wanting to do a little
livestream because I'm alone but it's
almost my lipstick looks horrible oh my
god I look at Miranda okay yeah I can
hear my sign um let me just tweet about
it so you guys know to come in here
birthday livestream come hang out with
me and I tell you a secret okay okay so
that should have posted everywhere we'll
see um so I am alone cuz I'm really cool
on Friday night and it's my birthday on
the East Coast now and it's my birthday
here in a couple hours
and I'm alone story of my life so I
thought I would do a little livestream
just kind of hang out and talk to you
guys and I'm making coffee
um it is 9:30 and I'm making coffee
because when josh gets home we're gonna
decorate our bedroom for Christmas and I
want to be awake because right now I'm
really really tired and this thing says
I have 18 people hi girl what up 18
people all 35 people now what up okay so
on Twitter
ask me questions or just talk to me say
whatever you want I used to hashtag hmm
happy birthday Colleen are Colleen um I
don't know we don't want to - take
whatever you want
I'm gonna get my coffee stay there oh my
god you guys I just poured way too much
coffee oh my god spilling everywhere
sorry I'm having
hey hey give me a second I'll be right
back
it should've done this before sir the
live stream and I didn't and I apologize
oh my god well okay sorry I like push
the button for a super big coffee and
then I only made a little in a little
cup and it was like spilling everywhere
so I'm an idiot
um just realize that I didn't eat dinner
so I'm gonna eat carrots because I'm
cool I got alright so guys what you do
on this Friday night I mean your cleat
hmm Erica said why aren't you and Josh
coming to net to Mexico for your tour
Joshua and I are going to New on - on a
bus tour in January together and I don't
know why we're not going to New Mexico
because my edge and and booked me there
I'll tell him - I'll call him groan I'll
be like hey bro it's my birthday and I
want to go to New Mexico we'll see he
says Christmas fairy at taco caters to
favorite color my favorite color is
purple oh my god I'm starving why didn't
I eat dinner
um Cecilia said happy birthday clean
what is a sister thing you have with
Rachel that you love to do um Rachel and
I like to I don't know what do we like
to do is this history thing I don't know
you select him hang out we went to
Target today and that's always fun
so we like to go target um so I wouldn't
tell you guys a secret it's not really a
secret but kind of is cuz everyone will
know about it tomorrow I wrote a song
about Christmas sort of about people who
hate me for liking Christmas um but I'm
kind of nervous to post it because I say
things that are like I don't know like
it's definitely not a song that is
appropriate for children like it's kind
of inappropriate uh but I'm nervous
about it I'm nervous people are gonna be
like oh my god clean how could you say
that but I was getting so much hate
online because I decorated my house for
Christmas like it made people furious
and I thought it was so stupid and so I
wrote a song about how stupid it is to
get mad at me for decorating wreaths
Christmas and one of the lyrics may or
may not be go suck my ween and the F
word um Bob leaked it out all right
Briana said I broke my finger oh my god
that sucks I'm so sorry
mmm so Lisa said is it like the reading
mean hate comments um no it's I mean
yeah I guess it is because I read mean
comments in it but the reading mean
comment song I think is a better song
than this song this song is just like a
silly little fun song um I'll sing it
for you in this live stream if we hit
1500 viewers I'll do it right now we
have 1200 so we have 1500 viewers I'll
play the song um go sing happy birthday
thank you Byron wool bank said if you
could have any color cat what color
would you make your cap I think I just
want I don't I don't know I don't really
care I just like cats I just want a cat
I'm get started
I wouldn't like a colored cat I wanted
helix white or black or brown like I
wouldn't want it to be like purple let's
see will you meet baby McKenzie soon
yes that's from de new 4 3 2 so my
friend Kristina just had her little baby
girl named Mackenzie and I'm gonna see
her tomorrow so I wanted to go the night
that she had the baby but I had been at
Disney 9 all day and I was like falling
asleep and there's no way I could have
driven there and then the next morning I
woke up and I felt really sick like I
felt like I was gonna vomit everywhere
and I didn't throw up but I had diarrhea
TMI um but I felt super sick and I
didn't like it the baby sick and so I
didn't go that day and I think it wasn't
even cold or flu I think my body was
just overly exhausted from doing too
much stuff and so my body is just like
hmm
I'm not gonna work today um so then
yesterday and today I was working late
from the moment I woke up until now
and so tomorrow is my birthday and I'm
gonna go home Santa Barbara and I'm
gonna see the baby on my birthday hey
guys one do you wanna play a game
just sing once you're long on up hmm
you tell me and I will do it ah gee I
just tweet arene what a cootie pants I
think I have a crush on her
oh we have 1500 viewers which means I'm
gonna sing you the song let me get my
ukulele okay you have to promise did
have I sing this right now you will
still watch the video tomorrow of me
singing it okay
do you promise
so you promised on the Internet I
promise I'll still watch the video
tomorrow even if you sing it right now
yeah you promise
I'm reading okay those thing from okay
let me finish my parrot
okay go simple of my nipple not a weird
combination have some straight no matter
gothic
wow I'm so weird I'm eating carrots
sprite and coffee for dinner
Who am I that's so good
you have to pull up the lyrics okay so
these are older Ilana lyrics so maybe I
want to do the whole song they'll just
do parts of it
um because it do it a lot of the song
won't makes sense because there's
comments that I'm reading in it so like
if it sounds I don't know what I'm
changing my voice little bits cuz I'm
reading a comment so I posted up all my
Christmas decorations and people are mad
and so that's what the song is about
okay yeah okay ready I'm kind of nervous
why am i nervous okay really because I
have my Christmas tree yes it's November
first
people seem to disagree
and I mean okay this wait how does it go
I'm good I'm good guys
that's kind of it I left out some parts
but you get the idea
so anyway I'm posting that video
tomorrow and I want to know what you
guys think so I'm reading your comments
suppose it you're so loud sorry
um well your eyes Nick I'm checking on
Twitter tell me what you think someone
said you set it back Wade
yes I did Oh guys it was awesome
thank you okay Marissa said opinion on
the new Justin Bieber album okay I love
Justin Bieber everyone kind of hates on
him everyone makes fun of him
Ren thinks he's a joke but like
personally I think his music is really
good and I always have like ever since
he was like a little boy like tiny 14
year old I've been like this kid is
super talented and then you know he had
his moments where I was like
douchebag kid but I don't know I think
his music is really really good so I'm
all for it I think he's great
I Jam out to the Biebs Joe Cabo Lucchese
said slay me with that song Queen so do
you guys think about songs to attends if
Josh thinks I shouldn't post it Josh
said that I shouldn't say suck my ween
on the internet but I don't know listen
let's see what you guys are saying it
seems like you guys like it you've all
being really nice Tina
gianna tacos said the show you are Josh
and you and Josh are having is it only
for adults no Josh and I are going on
tour in January and we also have shows
coming up in Santa Barbara and San Jose
for in December for like a Christmas
show but no they're all like family
shows it's me and Josh and Miranda so
it's totally a fun singing dancing silly
comedy show that is welcome for all ages
but I would say it's like PG like there
might be a bad word once or twice maybe
or like some humor that might be a
little mature but for the most part like
it'll be very much a family-friendly
kid-friendly show cuz yeah no worries
all I just can come mm-hmm Sean T M said
post it just maybe add a little pre
warning for the younger kids okay
so maybe I'll tweet like warning my
video that I'm posting today isn't
appropriate for children
just gonna watch it anyway like it
doesn't if I say that I feel like yeah
but I was a kid and someone said this is
not appropriate for children I'd be like
that I'm gonna watch it hmm
Nick Garber said are you scheduled turn
30 no I'm not turning 30 tomorrow um I'm
not quite there yet that's good turn 30
cuz I don't I don't think age like I
don't think the number means anything
like I I feel like you are as old as you
feel and I feel really young and I
always have I've never felt my age I've
always felt immature and um I know I've
always felt younger than I am so
tomorrow how am i turning I remember I'm
20 I'm turning 29 wow that does sound
really old I'm turning 29 tomorrow um
but I doesn't I don't know I don't feel
29 because to me that sounds super old
but I feel like I'm like 18 so I don't
know I think you are whatever you feel
you are and I don't feel that old oh my
god you guys are hash tagging whatever
you want or something
happy birthday Queen I saw whatever you
want a couple times mmm let's see yeah
just do happy birthday Colleen for the
hash tag um
Jeremiah Rodriguez ed what do you think
of focus by Ariana Grande obviously it
is incredible I love Ariana oh my god
people kept asking me if I bought the
Adele album yet and I haven't I've been
too busy but now I'm gonna buy it
tonight
but I feel like I can't listen to it
unless I'm in a mood because I feel like
I mean correct me if I'm wrong but Adele
usually sings very depressing songs and
so I don't know if I might want to dive
into that
happy music and I was being happy so no
no hmm my god
Ali said do you like the Christmas
decorations I made and they're literally
toilet paper rolls that she painted and
it is incredible and I want them all
over my house oh my god was this from
Maddy hibiscus Troy said I'm sharing
this with you and it's a picture of me
like half Maranda half not looking just
as ugly as can be
I bet it's from where Josh's vlogs hole
all right let's see where's one top
valve I'm tracking my twitter been the
way of grande said win will clean score
no return cleans corner will return the
first Tuesday in December because I'm
gonna switch back to doing coins corner
and like Friday videos in December but
I'll be doing vlog goodness belaga mmus
every day on this channel so in December
I'll be posting 9 videos a week which is
terrifying because I'm doing a video
every day for vlogmas a vlog every
single day for vlogmas and then caline's
corner every Tuesday and then a random
video every Friday and then random
videos every Monday and Thursday oh my
god so that's a little intense but I
like the internet some I'm just gonna
put a crapload of videos up Joad up
Joetta I don't know how to say your name
pretty little secrets is your Twitter
name I like your sweater thank you
that's very sweet
I wore it for my Christmas video because
I wanted to look Christmassy
I'm reading your tweets I'm reading your
tweets
we don't want some marine on point Riley
King said say how do my friend it's her
birthday
you didn't tell me your friend's name so
hi Riley's friend happy birthday it's my
birthday too in two hours
no I'm gonna do I'm gonna do a target
hall cuz I went to Target and I bought a
bunch of garbage well let me get it
these parrots are not getting it like
I'm not gonna get full on carrots can
even get full on a carrot okay so
tonight Joshua and I are decorating for
Christmas in our bedroom does our living
rooms Decker noon for Christmas but our
bedroom is not so I got plugs extension
cords cuz we got a lot of Christmas
lights hmm I got a little Christmas
Nutcracker no I know it isn't him you
much my husband's blogs
Joshua's logs hey every Christmastime
finds nutcrackers and goes don't know
and he is trying to claim that he came
up with that but he did not I did you
know where I came up with it we were
doing it was full-on miss for him so is
on his channel last year we were in an
aquarium in Gatlinburg Tennessee and we
are watching the fish go around in the
aquarium when every time they open their
mouths I'll go
da-dum mm-hmm every time the fish would
go and he thought it was funny so he
started doing it and now he does all the
time and he claims he came up with it he
did not but that's none of my business
so I got this no kerger oh and the theme
for our bedroom is blue and white and
silver so kind of Hanukkah ie which is
fine because I love all holidays and so
I got a little princess Ice Queen cuz
this will be me and this will be Josh
and they love each other and they both
have sticks they can shove up each
others butts and they get pissed at each
other and I'm gonna knock pissed each
other they can just be like what up wait
what's okay we gotta talk about this I
just not realize this this Nutcracker
this is horrible I cannot believe I
didn't notice this in the store I am
blown away okay so normally a nutcracker
it opens up and this is where you put
the nun and it's always a mouth it's
like oh how cute my Nutcracker is
talking can we talk about this
Nutcracker it opens up on her boobs how
is this okay like that I could that's
weird like you put the nuts in her boobs
that just seems inappropriate so I got
this white sparkly tinsel and I'm gonna
get this I'm gonna take it off because I
just would rather get rid of all the
garbage now then do it in the room and
have garbage everywhere in Zurich so I
got three of these how cute I love
Christmas makes me happy no off
Christmas lights and garland everywhere
I am oh I just caught myself I'm all
smiles - say what you want cuz I don't
really care for my my
just okay we also got this hold on this
tree skirt because we have a little
white tree for our bedroom and I wanted
a white little tree skirt so I got this
and tree skirts are so expensive I have
some beef to pick with tree skirts and I
think it's just because society knows
that we have to buy them because
otherwise your tree looks weird if you
don't have a skirt around the tree but
look at this it's literally just a
circle of fabric and they're like $30
and this is the cheapest one they had I
was really pissed because there is a
really cute fuzzy one that I want it was
$45 and please no one's got time for $45
anyway I was very upset about
we have white Christmas lights more
white Christmas lights and more white
Christmas lights and on our white
Christmas tree we're only gonna be
putting blue and white ornaments but I
don't want it to be just like little
bulbs so I got this little house thing
me which I thought was kind of cute
you know it's generic but it's a little
blue house and a little white thing me I
love Christmas I also got a little blue
and white cupcake which was that acute
and I got these little silver beads that
we spend like drape all over the tree
you know what this might be boring to
you guys this is like my favorite thing
in the world to talk about Christmas
stuff so I am a living so even if all of
you like sign off and you're like this
girl is boring crap out of me doesn't
matter I'm so happy right now I will do
this if no one's watching
okay so we reckon that's that oh my god
my nose so bitchy oh my god so much
Garland next
we got was wall art which normally I
would think is like stupid but I got
some wall art at the 99-cent store these
little stickers you can see them on my
mirror back here like on this mirror in
the living room and I love them I put
them on the wall above my television and
on the mirror and they just I don't know
they make the room a little bit more fun
a little more festive so I got some
little blue and white snowflakes for the
bedroom some blue one white candy cane
and I'm really disappointed and Target
today because I wanted um our bed is all
white so we just have white sheets white
pillows white everything which is very
dangerous because I'm very dirty and so
they don't stay clean very long but I
wanted like a blue and white like icicle
or like white sheets with silver
snowflakes something like that for the
foot of the bed and they only had red
and green throw blankets they didn't
have any other colors so you had to go
to with a plain white one which is too
disappointing to say the least it's
disappointment I am gonna take off the
wrapper right now because I just want to
get it ready for when Josh gets home
Josh has been missing all day and I know
it's because he's getting ready for my
birthday which is so strange to me
because I don't really even think that
like tomorrow is my birthday like it's
kind of weird but I Dec I already
celebrated my birthday I celebrated my
birthday in Hawaii like that was what
that shirt was it's why I brought my
whole families cuz I wanted to celebrate
my birthday in Hawaii so that's what
that trip was so to me my birthday's
already over um and also I went to
Disney I am this week with my friends
who weren't in Hawaii and so I feel like
that was me hanging out with my friends
for my birthday and then Hawaii was my
birthday so I feel like I'm done Dec
celebrating but tomorrow I'm gonna just
spend the day with my family and Josh
got me a present and I was like what and
I have no idea what it is but he's
making a really big deal about it and
he's been gone
all day today like and he says it's cuz
he's doing something for me but I don't
know what present would take him all day
to go by so I have no idea what he's
doing right now um but let's go to my
bedroom hmm every man wants to hear that
and I can show you what we have in there
as far as like decorations go and I'll
also take some of this okay patient I
hate being home alone guys do you
remember the last time I did I was like
super scared me Rachel come over okay so
let me turn on the light very quick so
that you see what I'm doing I'm just
getting really paranoid all the time
that like someone's gonna kill me why is
that my fear oh this is our white
Christmas tree which I need to fluff so
when do you guys think it's okay to
decorate for Christmas because I
obviously don't care like I will
decorate as early as possible normally i
decorate even earlier than I did this
year um so and I also got these pillows
that I have blue in them for a bedroom
and I like them because they can use
them any time of the year because
they're not Christmas ah they're not
specifically for Christmas
I'm just getting my nutcrackers my
 Nutcracker and my Nutcracker man
so much work today's just fell hard one
more thing to get you guys bored yet I'm
boring myself yeah we're losing viewers
we're losing them more losing them I'm
gonna check on Twitter and see what you
guys are asking and then maybe I can
answer questions something to turn
okay are you getting a pet soon Megan
just asked me that oh it's a long story
but I were not I really really really
really want to pet Joshua and he's right
he says we can't have a pet until
scandal we're not allowed to get a pet
until I stop traveling and it's only
fair it makes sense because a pet should
have its owners at home with it to take
care of it so until I stop traveling
we're not allowed to eat a pet but we
had to talk about it today I was like
please I just what a cats oh god please
don't we just have a cat and he was like
no shut up he didn't say that he was
very nice about it but he did say not a
chance
um so maybe sometime next year we'll be
able to get a pet but for now josh says
no way Jose you crazy kook it's not so
it's unfortunate okay and then we can
start a chit chat in a way I'm checking
my tweets how many times do I say that
in every freakin livestream his caline's
corner already decorated that was for
Maleficent I started to decorate it so
it's not completely decorated yet but I
did start so I took down the fall
decorations are gone and I like started
to put up some Christmas stuff but it's
been really hard I've been so busy
lately like I haven't been able to do
anything it feels like so it's not quite
upgraded yet if you want what I'm doing
I'm making my bed because I want Josh to
get home and I want us to just be able
to like go ahead and start decorating so
I'd like our room to be Christmassy
before my birthday which is in two hours
I'm coming around I have a question for
you guys
what is there one thing
you're like it is not the holidays
whether it's Christmas or Hanukkah
whatever you celebrate and you're just
like it is not the holidays until this
happens like for me is not Christmas
until I decorate my house like it could
be Christmas Day and if my house is not
decorated for Christmas it is not
Christmas like I do not feel like it's
Christmas Christmas music could be
playing everywhere it doesn't matter if
there is not Christmas crap all over my
house to me it is not Christmas time so
what is it for you I'm gonna come read
the comments I also feel like this song
all I want for Christmas is you like I
don't think it's Christmas until I hear
that song you guys Christmas and it
doesn't even match me freakin back
that's kind of ugly whoops I got an ugly
thing and it was kind of expensive how's
that story of my life
wasting money on stupid things Wow
reading your tweets again so the reason
I say that by the way you guys make fun
of me for saying and reading your tweets
the reason I say that is that you guys
know where to like talk to me so if you
want to say something to me you can go
on Twitter and tweet something and I
will see it so that's why I say that I
don't just say that to be annoying I'm
saying it so that you guys know like oh
we go on Twitter and tweet something she
might see it she might respond to us so
that's why I say that to you
um Oh Billy said the first snowfall of
the season is when he feels like it's
Christmas that is crazy
I mean that makes sense but to me like I
there's never snowfall here so that I if
that's what I was waiting for I would be
very sad because Christmas would never
come because we don't get Christmas ever
in California I mean some places I guess
they do but not in LA um okay
Wow everyone saying it doesn't feel like
Christmas till there's snow that's nuts
Emily Joy Vitol said where did you get
your sweater
I got it an American Eagle last year it
was on sale because it was after
Christmas and it was really cheap it was
like eight bucks or something like that
what's your favorite app at the moment
that is from Jacqueline my favorite app
at the moment is an app but I can't tell
you about yet but you will know about it
very soon
um luxury um grace ed so there's only
one more year of touring no I'll be
touring for the rest my life but Josh
says that maybe sometime next year I'll
be able to get a pet I'm assuming that's
what you're occurring
I think this corners were going to
fluctuate so I need to move all this
garbage this is other stuff we got oh
stop that's so good guys am i a sad
person is it sad that I'm just alone
talking to the camera two hours before
my birthday smelling candles all right
so you got some sparkly Christmas
ornament I've got to find a station to
put up all the ornaments maybe I'll just
lay everything out on the bed because I
don't like having to like open up all
the stuff when I'm ready to decorate it
when everything
laid out and ready to go that's how I
cook too when I'm cooking I like lay out
all the ingredients all measured and
ready so that when I start cooking like
to do is just focus on the food cooking
like cutting things up or more Christmas
women see everything's got blue and
white and silver pretty look those are
really pretty
I love them I love Christmas makes me so
happy I just like holidays it's not just
Christmas like any holiday is it 4th of
July Easter like I love holidays the
only holiday I'm not like super stoked
on is Thanksgiving and that's only
because I've never had a super like I
love tradition and I've never had a
Thanksgiving where it was like we have
to do this it's tradition like
everything seems like you eat dinner and
that's kind of it and so I think I would
like it a lot more if there was if I if
I created some if I created some
traditions to go along with it so maybe
I should do that maybe this year I'll
start traditions with Thanksgiving where
we play a certain game every year
something like that look at this cute
little bird I just love all this stuff
love Christmas oh my golly oh my golly
look at this a tiara because I'm a queen
oh I see I ask you guys something
actually as I sew I have never wanted to
have like a fan name for this channel
like Miranda has my fan does and way
back in the day like when I first
started doing psycho soprano there was a
group of fans or viewers some youtubers
get mad when you call them fans but you
guys call yourselves fans so I feel like
I'm not fence
by saying fans but whatever um anyway
there was a group of girls and boys that
call themselves cookies because I used
to be and I saw him obsessed with
chocolate-chip cookies and I talked
about them all the time every day was
all I talked about was like how I need
to eat cookies all the time and I felt
the same way about the internet so a few
viewers called themselves cookies
there's like a group and that's kind of
what at first like my fans were called
but I never called you guys that I never
was like oh he doesn't make cookies um
and I've never wanted like a fan name
for my viewers I've just always felt
like that was weird I don't know I just
was never into it
however recently I thought something in
my mmm I'm gonna ask them to see if they
like this uh I I think I don't like fan
names because it sounds like you guys
are less than me or something like like
when someone is like I don't know I
don't know how to explain it like I
don't want you guys to just be like fans
and you're like an army of like people
and I'm the queen and you guys are all
below me because that just feels weird
to me but lately I've been calling
everything Queen like everyone and
everything is a queen yeah Celine like
everything all the time um if you're
doing something good or bad like oh my
god you're such clean and I've been
saying it constantly and I think it's a
term of endearment to call I mean it
cause I'm on a queen like the best thing
you can call them because that means
they're like the top they're royalty
they're better than everything else so
if you're my Queens I feel like that
doesn't bug me because that puts you
guys above me and I think of you guys so
highly that I'm like oh that way it's
not like I'm the queen and they're all
my little fans this way it's like no you
guys are my queens you guys I praise you
and so I was wondering if you guys like
that and if you want me to call you that
or if you guys want to call yourselves
that or if there's another like group or
a fan name that you want to call
yourselves for watching this psycho
soprano channel or I guess we're on
clean blogs right now um just because I
want to be able to call you something
cuz you guys have always asked like what
do we call ourselves like we with
we're your fan like we have a fan name
what is it and I've never had anything
and so oh gosh a song so anyway tweet me
and tell me what you think
baby what ready wait wait what do you
begin all the ordinates out cuz we're
gonna decorate a tree yes I like that
will you be a strong man for me I mean
emotionally can you put the suitcases
and in this box in all the boxes in the
garage I can't carry them yeah so we can
put the Christmas tree a corner in the
corner where all the stuff is the yeah
okay thanks babe
best hubby ever
it doesn't weigh that much
tomorrow so many ornaments crazy many
ornaments and literally just shattered
this ornament
what happened no I'm nervous it's gonna
shatter all over my face that was so
scary
okay so this one is shattered cool
do you guys for the ordinance or
or DeMint which is wrong or diamond
ornament oh look we got these fancy
little trees or sparkly isn't it sweet
that's crazy so we got this little sassy
flamingo see we wanted to have like a
super classy you know like when people
have a white tree and they have like
blue balls like this all over the tree
and it's like simple and classy that's
what we were going for but Josh and I
are not classy people and we couldn't
resist the ornaments that were like this
so originally we wanted like a classy
tree and now that I'm looking at these
ornaments I'm realizing that this tree
is gonna look insane and I'm okay about
that because it gives it character and
it's more fun to have a crazy tree than
all the shattered glass that I just
created for myself okay well I'm gonna
go and try to clean up the room a little
bit before we start decorating but thank
you for watching I'm gonna go hang out
on the hub stir and get ready for my
birthday by stuck in our room and I love
you guys thanks for watching and please
watch my video that I post tomorrow I'm
really excited about it and you're
really pretty have a great day good
