one two three come on girl
I made a head thing and I made it this
thing what did you make sense that was
really fun we got to do fun little
crafts I am clearly 12 years old because
I'd rather make a craft and like have a
drink by the pool but don't judge me all
right now I have my good camera good
morning everyone hello good day good
afternoon I don't know when you're
watching this am I had so much fun
making this absurd crown and this
beautiful thing I don't know what this
is called tea leaf lei necklace thing
anyway I love craftsman super fun and
like a family today we're just kind of
hanging out at the pool and then we're
going to go on a dinner cruise with my
favorite dinner cruise company sail
trilogy in Maui there's the absolute
best I always take cruises with them I
have a special surprise for you guys if
you watch the end of this I'm doing a
giveaway so stay tuned because it's
really exciting and basically to watch
the end you have the opportunity to be
my twin so who doesn't want that right
now we are at the beach and I
desperately want to go paddleboarding so
I'm probably going to do that in a
little bit
Josh what do you want to do I don't know
I just I'm afraid to get burnt and you
wanna check hey I know you Joshua said
I'll go paddleboarding with me
I'm so excited I'm awful about typically
I had a lot of champagne this morning
paddleboarding
all righty we fished kinda morning and
now we're gonna body surf with which
body surfing is my favorite thing to do
in the ocean it is so much fun if you've
never done
all right Wendy can you hear me about to
go on a sailboat we're going on sale
trilogy
it is the absolute best if you ever come
to Maui do a trilogy because I've done
every school course they have and
they're all amazing every single time
I'm in Maui I make sure to take
trilogies to like myself say I'm a
sailor well I wish Jimmy
I'm
yeah you are lucky oh my god you just
I'll live sometimes that doesn't mean be
smart office space Superman you're
soaking wet
do tell
happy birthday dear Polly happy birthday
to you
i'm on a boat i'm on the buh buh buh buh
buh buh buh-buh-buh
do you like this boat yeah
that was so much fun oh my god just the
most beautiful sunset the best crew the
most fun if you guys are ever in Maui
you have to ride on a sail trilogy
cruise I got these really cute tank tops
let me model them for you and sail
trilogy is so awesome that they wanted
to give back to you guys just like I
like to give back to you guys so if any
of you guys do sail trilogy cruise any
of the cruises any of the excursions
that they do take a picture on the boat
or on your trip or on your excursion
post it to instagram tag me and tag sale
trilogy and use these hashtags and we're
going to pick a winner and you're going
to get a tank top and you can match me
and you can match rachel do it it's so
fun we had a blast didn't she have fun
baby even though you drowned I have more
fun than anyone else I think you did I
look crazy so today was so so fun I am
dead right now I'm so tired
um tomorrow's our last full day in
Hawaii which is a huge bummer
but we're gonna go parasailing and jet
skiing and just hang out and have a
great day so I will see you guys
tomorrow I hope you're enjoying these
vlogs and I don't have anything else to
say but you love ramen
I love my husband come here
Oh
