one two three come on girl - hi guys hi
guys oh you knew John Chauhan George won
stomping do beat Windham Windham we are
at the airport and we're headed to Maui
today's a little bit of a dramatic day
Christopher's hard drive got to lead a
report for a drink and blog footage all
of our book like all the original files
from the building that we wrote in
almost assume he is and my family photos
let's not forget that that means most
important part recipients in this
journal that we're in there's no food
there's no drinks there's no water
there's no coffee
like there's nothing so that's why you
brung water brought water you want a lot
- how'd you do that
how did you get water there's a flaw in
the system
you got water through drink just hot a
bottle of water illegal activity at the
airport you can keep it fine alright
we're gonna go to Maui now you can have
water sweetie just usually they don't
let you take water through because some
people can make like things that are
poisonous and water and they don't want
you to poison everyone on the plane but
is there poison in this No then you're
good it's just water I am editing my
Miranda video that comes out tomorrow
for you and today and there's some
really funny class of Joey that there's
this one blooper that I want to show you
that's like super funny that made me
laugh really hard I think you guys liked
it here it is how do you feel about
cowgirl everything I've ever been to you
hello children
it's me and I think that you just did
that I was horrified
perfect good handshake Jake right Maui
Maui and we're at the fourth Cleveland
and my hair looking really good and yeah
excited to be here this is like my
favorite place in the whole world so
this is um my happy place for him go
excited to go on her honeymoon and on
that beach we reset our vows you see I
didn't say vowels no but you just say
honeymoon well that's what it was no
doubt internet ah my makeup is all
washed off cuz I went body surfing in
the ocean it's like all over my face
with that yeah my dad and my sister and
my cousin Stephanie and Matt are all
going to watch the sunset together
everyone else's up in their bedrooms but
we wanted to watch the sunset
oh my goodness sorry hon where Josh with
the myth Paneth they're gonna screenshot
me so my hair has chlorine and Beach in
it so it's pulled up tight but look I'm
here for my birthday the one thing I
asked Josh for for my birthday I said I
just want to go to the four seasons in
Maui with my whole family that simple
request but Josh did it and look what's
in my room for my birthday the most
beautiful cake in the whole world it's
so cute and pink with champagne and I'm
just so happy it's like the best
birthday surprise ever it's not a
surprise we're about to go get some
dinner with the family okay tonight yeah
I didn't plug much today I was just
trying to enjoy the afternoon because um
traveling this morning was rough like I
don't know why but for some reason it
was just like a really rough morning
Christopher lost all his footage so he
was not very happy and then we got to
Maui and the renting a car was like a
total nightmare
I'd already rented the car ahead of time
but the line to get the car was an hour
and a half long and so when you get to
Maui you just want to go be on the beach
and I was stuck in a line and a hot
stinky rental car plays when I got here
I didn't want a vlog I didn't want to do
anything I just wanted to lay on the
beach and drink lemonade and that's what
I did as you saw the sunset was
incredible and that just put me in the
best mood ever it was really cool to
spend time with my dad and my cousin
Stephanie which you guys don't know my
cousin Stephanie very well um but my
cousin Stephanie has been one of my best
friends since I was a little girl and
she's more than a cousin to me like a
lot of times I tell my I tell people
that I'm like hang out with my cousins
and they're like you hang out with your
cousins but to me like my cousins are
like siblings like we hang out as often
as possible
I hang out with my cousins just as often
as I hang out with my siblings they're
like my best friends they're like
sisters are like brothers to me
so Stephanie's like my sister and so
when I decided to come to Hawaii I was
like oh I need to bring my family
and obviously I need to bring my sister
Stephanie because she's like my sister
so anyway that's my Stephanie's here and
I'm so glad I did she's so wonderful and
so we all went and saw the sunset
together and it was so fun like I went
body surfing in the ocean with my mom
and with dad and Stephanie and we were
laughing and just like oh my god it was
so fun and then we watched the sunset
together and it was just magical and I
just love Maui and I love it here and I
love my family and I'm just I'm so happy
and hello looking free and cake Packer
stole my phone and he is now taking so
much
oh wow you're taking a lot
thank you
what we got companies out there
