Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate good morning I'm going to a
lay making class this morning like a
teammate play type of things so that
should be fine last night I got a call
from my sister-in-law Jessica and she
said there's tons of fires in California
so she's my brother and sister-in-law
and my kids went see it at my house last
night which is really scary
so everyone in California is okay
there's big a fire is it right around my
hometown and that's just freaking me out
so I'm happy everyone saves so far but
that's scary
that was so fun I got to do this last
time I came I think I made a late last
time I don't remember but that was
really fun and now we're in a Cabana
today which I'm so excited about four
seasons has the best cabanas in the
world like you sit right by the pool and
there's like service inside you can be
in the shade if you want or you can pull
your chairs out into the Sun or you can
go in the pool it's just the best of
it's extremely windy today though so I
don't that just means we can't go in the
ocean I think all right guys I'm not
naked I'm wearing a bathing suit um
obviously I'm not every naked on the
beach we need to talk about something
you guys caught me yesterday in my vlog
I was hula dancing and there was
something in the background while I was
hula dancing that you guys all picked up
on
upon further inspection a lot of you
discovered that it was Eric's bathing
suit dangling in the background behind
me as those hula dancing
apparently it's you guys the bathing
suit in the background proves that Eric
and I showered together this year we got
to the hotel not all of our rooms were
ready yet so one at a time our rooms
became ready and my room became ready
first Eric came up with touka shower and
washed off his beachy sand eNOS
and then I went in to take a shower and
his suit was dangling behind me but no
Eric and I did not shower together
yesterday I wish we did I'm just getting
a little bit nice just kidding but I
didn't say that am I kidding
I'm giving what's happened once before
when I was in Europe there is a shadow
walking behind me in my room and people
are saying that I was a liar is because
all the boys that I was don't tour with
her in my room and so it's just funny to
me that people are so desperate to make
me look like this horrendous human but
anyway I'm gonna enjoy Hawaii now and
I'm trying to find that and see if he
wants that Michelle was my arrack
playing on my balcony I'm trying to get
some Sun but I feel like this is gonna
custom really portable to stand up to
get away from the bars
then I don't have any Sun I have so much
editing to do ourselves that's all I
ever say in his blog I mean how much I
think you guys I'm so busy I'm not
complaining by the way when I'm talking
about I love my job I'm just telling you
what I'm doing for it throughout the day
I'm blogging every day so I tell you
what I do
I'm so annoyed my video with Lily got
demonetised and it got flagged for 18
over because the bouquet I gave to Lily
had like little penises in it
so obviously it's gonna get to monetize
that was my bad I should have done that
I just thought was so funny that like
that was the only bouquet I could find
so I'm so annoyed the first video of the
Miranda series of videos is that one by
the way when this vlog comes out my
favorite Miranda video I think I've ever
done is up you guys need to go see it
it's Miranda and Parker and he's so
funny in it he's so cute it's like my
favorite thing in the world it's also
really important video to this series
that I'm doing this month so please
please watch it it's the most important
one and pay attention to it I love it
it's so good alright I'm going to maybe
go get a snack and then to find my
family
time to work which means I'm about to
turn atop my rainbow we are going to go
film a video I wrote a song to the
Pavano when I'm about Tana mojo and I
don't know why I was in the shower one
day and I'm thinking about Tana try
thinking awesome she is I was like Tana
olen mama and I was like okay it goes
right yeah so the song like a couple
weeks ago and I never filmed a video it
feels like oh I should do that so that's
what we're doing right now we're trying
to find places to shoot this weird
videos oh this should be interesting
oh we have found a nice courtyard a nice
courtyard so pretty like this could be a
good lookout like shooting this way
this is Eric Stockland is directing the
behind-the-scenes footage of this video
and action
my teacher how to hula
editing like a madman I'm trying to get
as much done as possible so like it just
enjoys freakin time in Hawaii but I
really need to hire an editor anyone out
there noted her gonna work for me I have
my video apps yeah I mean take a little
break and then I'm gonna go to bed it's
10:00 p.m. we have a show tomorrow and
now we yeah we both I'm always sold like
200 tickets or something and like 1,500
see theater is gonna be very intimate
but I'm actually kind of excited it'll
be like how my shows used to be when I
did like comedy clubs and stuff when I
was like smaller venues so it feel
really intimate and fun and like I think
I'm more fun on stage you'll just feel
like a bunch of friends hanging out as
it was like a live show or something
anyway I'm going to bed I'm sorry
today's well it was kind of short
I was just enjoying myself a na blog and
so I'll see you guys tomorrow
