two three come on good morning good
morning
it's baby day a break good morning good
morning to you good morning good morning
to you watch my mouth good morning good
morning we taught the whole night
through good morning good morning to you
so I've got the kiddos and Christopher
and my mom and dad and Stephanie and
we're all down at the pool but it's
raining it's pouring the old man is
snoring thumps and went to bed and
couldn't get up morning which I just
remembered those lyrics from when I was
child and they are extremely awful did
he die what happened to the old man he
couldn't get up in the morning because
he bombed attendez you have a concussion
is this serious how is this a song that
is sung children we are in a volcano I
didn't even know this was here you
better hear what's in here it's pretty
terrible why is it terrible if you look
inside here Bailey why is it terrible so
we left the beach early because it's
kind of rainy and cloudy outside and we
have to get ready for the show but I'm
super bummed because normally when I
come to Hawaii I tan a lot and I haven't
tanned yet at all because I've been
playing with the kids which I'm not
complaining I love it but today I wanted
to Tanel morning before I went to the
show and it's been raining all morning
so I was like laying in the beach in the
rain with like a towel over me hoping it
would go away and it didn't so now I'm
gonna go take a shower and cry but I'm
really excited for my show tonight
we may do the thing we might have what
you get
let me see
that's your turtle
what's your turtles name - dog - told
two years old his name is two years old
sound check
you're here with me
we just finished soundcheck my hair
looks incredible and I'm about to sign a
bunch of posters can you possible sit
and do it this way yes sir I can my cute
hubby is going to help me out I'm well
I'm gonna try
you
you
so for the show tonight we all have I
love white shirts and hula skirts which
I'm super excited about Bailey you look
incredible
here she's excited to wear a skirt bag
do the guys come here you don't to wear
skirt you have to when I have a choice
looks good
you see see he knows Michael
Peter Schmeichel
haha Guinea who north bank
you think you're adorable nice care to
Miranda you're such a good boy
yeah you are scared of Miranda
yeah the pageant was scary I'm scared no
Miranda - you want my makeup off go on
and off why Parker does not want me to
be Miranda right so what do I have to do
first
yeah so what do I need to take off first
real pants okay my pants yeah okay so
I'm gonna take off the pants first okay
so now my pants are gonna just wearing
my shorts is that better
he's very cautious I take off the shirt
you want my lipstick off too okay you
think is distance you want to be away
from me and talk with my lipstick on
awkward will you hug me if I take it off
and let me stop she's like yes what
about my clips take them out better this
my clips are out now hug now rain is on
line yeah Nikhil's I know better now
he's happy you happy now calling scum
she doesn't even know I'm logging we
want to say thank you so much amazing
amazing trip we are so proud feel it
there we look there right hello ha yes
 screens we shut it off for your
brother have your brother so what you do
when you want to show it off is this you
just um you get you down and go that's
the only way to shut it off is you have
to be at this angle hey what did you
find
I'm gonna let them that's you
let me see put it put next to your face
if you want is that Parker you can
choose in my house mi6 like you can give
kids are there anyway okay so I taste
you from there
okay you finish the show oh my god these
lace home so then um and we got just so
many lays here's a picture of me wearing
like 5 million lays hey guys thanks for
watching today's vlog tomorrow we go to
Maui
so looks like I've almost long walk 5 um
I love Maui and the show tonight was
amazing to anyone who came to the show
thank you so so so much it was so much
fun and it just made me remember how
much I miss performing it's been a while
since I got to perform so thank you and
again I'm so happy and yeah yeah yeah
