one two three come on guys it's Bailey's
birthday so we're decorating right now
the room my dad has done this for all of
us kids every year and now we pass it
down to the little kids not we my dad
does it and sometimes Christopher does
it for the the little ones but we're
gonna make Bailey's birthday super super
special mm Oh
bright and early we're doing a character
breakfast for Bailey's birthday right
who's that what does Mickey Mouse a Oh
oh my gosh Mickey is there happy the
Internet
yeah
like an airplane
woman who's trying to do her job and
galleon printer falling around
repeat
hallway I can smell your poop Parker
going down doing dude breakfast was so
much fun and now we are headed to the
pole it's going to be a super fun day um
Bailey and everyone to have a fun cool
day and we're gonna go out a special
dinner tonight in Waikiki for Bailey's
birthday and Parker is on the go running
I go ready to go I'm seeing a lot of
comments asking why we're in Hawaii and
complaining that we're on vacation and
first of all we're here for a show so it
is a business trip but we're also here a
couple days early for vacation and I
don't understand why it makes people
angry that we would want to go on a
vacation but yeah we're here for a show
so this is a work trip and since the
work trip was landing in the same time
as Bailey's birthday I was like well
that's a lot of cool days really make it
like fun family vacation here don't
understand why it makes me so mad
my makeup mojito is here goodbye here is
I did not belong much today because I
wanted to figure out enjoy my 9 we're
going to an Aquarian ocean we're gonna
swim in all 12 Ashcraft we're in Waikiki
and we are going to an employer
restaurant late tonight um I didn't blog
a lot today cuz I want to just kind of
hang out and raise a family
oh my god what is this one like first
ball hair that's like not even curled
what are you thinking what is your life
there is a chocolate fountain machine as
you can tell by Jacobs face doing
oh my gosh Jacob who taught you those
table manners they like Jimmy
Bayley showed you you see some call you
from me un-boom yeah did you go poop
yeah but he went boom
whoo-hee boobs I need you ah you
probably what do you think is name
bullseye hard to find oh you went to be
a here
did you food Oh big tricky
the knife goes here happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear baby happy
birthday
we finish dinner it was super fun and I
got a flower on my hair to match
Bailey's flower we are walking around
Waikiki right now
I'm trying to find props with them Ren
show tomorrow or when you're watching
this it'll be today I'm having a red
show and there's a few more things that
I want to get I want to come on stage in
a hula skirt so we're looking at your
skirts ready detecting oh yeah that you
didn't have to ride away and I
all right it is late and we're all
falling asleep but we are making props
for the Miranda Show tomorrow
right now Stephanie and I are working on
making this like ocean thing it looks
horrible right now because this is the
back to try to keep it like stable so it
doesn't flop all around my dad is making
some volcanoes over there and we made
all these hula skirts well and I make
them I mean we cut them in half because
I'm cheap and they will ten dollars each
and I was not about to buy everyone
who's Kurt do you have anything to say
no all right so I'm gonna finish up
doing this and then I'm gonna go to bed
and tomorrow we have them write a show
I'm really excited my show
also you guys there are four versions of
all of these vlogs of this vlog that
you've just watched every day that I'm
vlogging there are four versions of it
because I'm vlogging Christmas vlogging
Rachel's vlogging and Josh is vlogging
every day and why so if you want to see
different angles or different parts of
the day that I didn't get to go do make
sure to subscribe to everyone and go
watch it's like watching a movie every
day because between the four of us
that's a lot of footage so and
everyone's vlogs are really different so
make sure to check them out and make
sure to subscribe to this channel if
you're not subscribed to my vlog channel
also this is my collab month on my main
channel which I'm assuming so make sure
that you're subscribed over there too
guys and yeah
