one two three come on girl hey um we are
having just kind of a relaxing fun day
what so bright outside I woke up at 6:00
a.m. like wide awake ready to play ready
to have the best day ever and everyone's
kind of everywhere there's so many of us
that it's white I'm really bad at
vlogging yesterday my entire blog goes
like this my pants are undone how
embarrassing
I'm wearing a bathing suit don't worry
so anyway today we're all just kind of
having a relaxing day now you can't see
me I'm not very good at vlogging you
guys um we're all just going to hang out
at the pool and everyone's separating
because there's so many of us that like
it's impossible to keep us all together
so Parker and Christopher are taking a
nap Jessica Bailey a Jacob and me are
gonna go to the pool
Joshua Stephanie Matt and Rachel went to
get coffee my mom and dad went to go to
Target try it so we're all just kind of
everywhere oh and an update I still have
not buttoned my pants because lazy ass
and sometimes you just don't want to
button your pants up I'm gonna take my
shorts off in a minute anyway to go to
the pool so might as well maybe help
everyone's busy what about the pool but
I'm waiting for the children I found
some family members we have a Bailey and
a bonnet and we have a Jacob a jacob
horsey a Superman horsey oh and I found
a Stephanie and um I found a Rachel wait
Bailey you need to come take your
medicine
whoa real quick crisis all right we're
at the pool now I'm so excited finally
we're here you guys excited everyone's
excited what are we gonna go in first
we found the adult-only hot tub
and it is so nice feel so good oh my god
amazing it feels so good look at it
are you kidding me right now this is
incredible so at the beach and I look
over and Bailey and Jake and Matt and
Rachel are making something and I want
to see what it is what are y'all making
you're so close to the water you rebel
that's why we built a wall look Who I am
we just ordered some drinks so now we're
gonna go on the ocean but what's colder
than I remember it was yesterday oh my
gosh so my favorite food to eat in
Hawaii is I love fish tacos but I also
love coconut shrimp and I had coconut
shrimp yesterday for lunch and I had it
today for lunch and it was amazing in a
Parker is eating what are you eating
french fries
how are you cute eating french fries I
think that Parker is the only human
being that can look cute stuffing his
face with french fries
alrighty I'm going to go out and play in
the ocean a little bit we're having a
lot of fun it's a super relaxing day
daddy and I are on a kayak oh yeah and I
can't paddle because of my arm so he has
to do all the work we got some Tagalongs
they'll never catch a mouse don't me to
wait for you are you nervous Tai
interfered oh you found oh wow you found
a crab it's yucky you think it's yucky
let's go to 15 new everybody's meeting
come on a safari with me
we're low number
come on
here we going going going to Funko where
we smother weight checker stop we are
all done at the beach in the pool I know
it is time to go get some dinner
what where's Joshua
he's coming due and Josh wouldn't wait
we have Josh Thank You Parker for
looking out for my business and I don't
guess who guess who is what guess who
realized that we were missing you
Parker Parker so we're Joshua thank you
thank you for caring about me yeah I
appreciate you good I do me grab my
Sally missing I'll do it
all right that's what that means you
this restaurant is called monkey pod and
it is my favorite dish in the world
that's right because subscribe
what do you think of Hawaii so far may
be amazing Faline I never understand why
before thank you you got it to kaleil 'i
like named fi all right dinner was
delicious and now we're going to luau
I'm so excited
what is happening over here you'll never
know
that's it for this vlog today guys I
love you thank you so much for watching
I hope you're enjoying these vlogs um if
you are let me know about in the
comments what was your favorite part of
the vlog today and what do you want to
see more of tomorrow in your comments
and yeah
