one two three come on girl you have made
it
I got we've made it work what you got
what is it you got laid
Jessica look at your beautiful lay I'm
full mom smile right now you're so mom's
really good I never knew that they liked
it felt really really good
Wow
what a beautiful necklace six years
sokyoku Dampier yeah he's definitely
related to the boundaries he's singing
about poop so I've only ever been to
Hawaii with like one or two people at a
time so to go to a family is so fun but
it is insane it's very hectic I feel
very frazzle are you talking about
can we leave she's really quite
laid-back and chill up I'm in my element
right now let's play at the beach
again it was even read backlit bro that
means turn this way look now you can see
yourself you're gonna hold it you have
to talk about your day today we're gonna
record and let's go on it gonna don't
know what just happened
but we just ran into the ocean so I feel
like I need to go follow that one the
first drink of the trip I just put on my
leg oh my god
very cold delicious I got a mango mojito
it is delicious awesome like oh we had a
very nice relaxing day and why we just
kind of hung out in the ocean and the
pool and then we went on a tree we're
gonna go up to the room and get ready
for dinner we're gonna go do a buffet
tonight it's just so nice to be on
vacation it feels so weird because I was
literally working up until the minute we
left and I'm still kind of working too
so it doesn't really feel like a
vacation it hasn't registered that I'm
even here yet it's really bizarre I've
been so so so busy lately so um I don't
know it's it's so bizarre to be here
with family there's so many of us
there's 14 of us so to try to keep
everyone in line and trying to find
everyone is like impossible
- great fun we are going to dinner right
now all 14 of us wait so is it a meeting
River a meeting no we're not meeting the
characters right now we're just eating
dinner yes but I have a surprise for you
kids it's a buffet yeah you excited yeah
look at our troops there's so many of us
you
we are all at dinner there are so many
of us sitting here at dinner crazy a
half of us aren't even here we're at a
buffet I'm checking out how is it
awesome how is it Jacob come look at
this chair oh my gosh is this all crappy
Jacob you making a mess sometimes you
got a dessert for dinner
you guys I'm so disappointed in myself
because it's 7 p.m. and I need to go to
sleep like I am so tired and I'm in
Hawaii very a vacation of this one and
I'm ready to go to sleep
and something smells like farts what are
you eating
anyway I was just super disappointed I'm
with my whole family and I want to like
stay up all night and hang out with
everyone and like laugh and drink and
eat and have fun and play games like I
am just falling I'm so tired I'm so
disappointed in myself I'm like a total
loser oh thank you thank you so much and
now I have a Kona coffee just try to
wake me up
but the first time in my life that I've
really felt like an old woman like it is
7 p.m. in life how much longer do I need
to stay away for I can go to play so I'm
very disappointed in myself right now I
can't believe the other two kids have
fallen asleep I'm about to vote like
Jake is still awake and kickin what do
you think of Hawaii yep that's what I am
doing right now
do you like Hawaii what do you think
about it you want to leave there tell me
about Hawaii what'd you do today I
linked for the light of your prayers the
waterpark that he has done so
boogie-boarding
it's all fun have a good time but we're
all falling asleep it's time to go to
bed
I'm ready go to bed oh yeah come come
come come come oh yeah
