Cory and I are having a romantic
breakfast and Rebecca's gonna watch my
kid me
we got tiramisu pancakes chicken and
waffles
fruit and hollandaise sauce which is
extremely random maybe I should butter
for this maybes just melted but uh but
yep on so the lady that just brought in
our food totally thought Coley and I
were a couple and she's all like I see
that you might like some spanking you
can pay a one whopping 50 dollars for to
give him a spanking
yeah I'm like but I was like that's
right up his alley you would love that
we should do that no day to you sauce to
seat breakfast and this is not focusing
I think Heather's here hold on let's go
see oh D flush you have I can't lose
Irina just zero
a little are we not going swimming it's
a very long spa when you stay in another
room and there's the change of plans I
also got mistaken to be a straight man
her boy last night some guy walked by oh
yeah some guy walked by and was like
you're a lucky man I was like Thanks
rebel we're drinking coffee empty and
water with cucumbers on it the boys were
in the co-ed area this is so illegal you
gotta go in area just like hallway we're
not supposed to talk why we're not
supposed to film any Sona kitchen one
two three
all right my blog he does not focus once
again all right we are on our way to see
Brittany which is why we came to Vegas
so excited alec at lea Holly and monks
have the cutest shirts on right now key
boys and then here everyone's looking a
hot ass yo Josh gets mad when I say ah
but it's true we look haha it's like
alright we are at dinner and labo and
Eve at Palazzo that where we are got
label value and I'm really really
excited
last night we had to tell and it was
incredible so tonight I'm excited to
hear again the restaurants here are so
delicious like insane we're all freaking
out about Britney Spears leave a comment
tell me what your favorite Britney
Spears song is I happen to like lucky
it's my favorite and when that song
comes on when she says a name holiday
it is my oh my god I watched making the
video of that back in like
I didn't show you guys any of the dinner
because either it looks incredible oh my
gosh we asked them to tell for a ride to
Brittany and mid-game is it
Jocasta Brittany and what happens our C
chart to stage that states you can be
walking right here
right here right just like right by her
I'm freaking out so exciting I think I'm
going to cry I'm freaking out
there's no mail
addicted to you don't you know that
you're toxic
you can
Oh get it down we've got a little joke
it's alright Britney's over it was
incredible and now we're about to write
these things oh my god I'm so tired but
we had so much fun thank you to Palazzo
and Venetian for having us and thank you
to Planet Hollywood for letting us eat
Britney we had so so so much fun the
last few days we've had a very stressful
few months this year is kind of been
crazy and stressful so to have a couple
days that's just vacation and just fun
and we don't have to think about work we
can just relax and enjoy friends and
dance it was so fun um if you guys ever
come to Vegas you have to see Britney
she's incredible I'm gonna go to bed
after hang out with my friends so
