we are headed to
and Rebecca and Rachel's meeting us
there and my friends Molly and monks are
meeting us there
and which is needed education there's
been a lot of stressful things going on
in like lately so
to go to Vegas purchase
I'm so excited I'm feeling keeps blood
everywhere
I haven't been on a trip that was
strictly just vacation and like I don't
even know how long every trip I go on is
for work and so
I'm really excited I think you should
dress up like hit me baby one more time
with the little school group and lay
down
oh my god I'm down
and letting Rachel plug thanks yeah
we're in Vegas right now we just landed
we're here to see grit need some time
and we're staying at the Venetian
there's are things that are supposed to
be said okay we found a Rachel she had
to take a different flight than that's
because she booked it after we did so
paulien monks are here waiting for us
and heather and Rebecca sister meeting
is tomorrow and then our whole crew is
here so we're seeing Brady tomorrow but
today we're just gonna hang out and I
think we're seeing an impersonation show
tonight or something so we'll see this
is like bigger than my house this is
awesome Holly's behind the vlog on to
the vlog I feel like well I feel like I
always I'm like let's go to something
crazy let's go to Vegas let's just and I
never actually follow through and
Polly's like we're and I take everything
look at a few weeks like we show that in
Vegas and an awesome place like okay so
it's booked whoa
we're seeing Brittany I was like oh yeah
oh my god how cool this is I am inside
right now I have inside and
I know I'm such a nerd and everyone
who's ever been to Vegas it's like it's
not that big of a deal but to me it's
like so exciting every time I see it
ever since I was a little girl this is
always my favorite place
you're on the strip right now we're
really excited we could overall like in
this weird state of like what is going
on why are we here
I just went some shopping and I got crop
top so I'll probably never wear because
I'm too insecure about my stomach and we
are going to dinner we're going to look
at these sexy mamas actually you can see
Rebecca's but you see Rebecca's but as
peruse
the champagne and strawberries
