wow it looks some pretty tonight now we
are in Charlotte North Carolina josh has
a show tonight I've been working all day
yesterday I didn't film because we were
just driving all day we were literally
in the car from 11:00 a.m. until 9:00
p.m. it wasn't supposed to be that long
but Josh was driving it josh is a show
and I'm about to straighten my hair cuz
I don't wanna go to show looking a lot
of lips I look like a bum so I've gotta
just wrap my hair so this is before and
after my hair is done we are now at the
theatre and I'm gonna show you I
actually are at the comedy club I
performed here like I think a couple
years ago I can't remember but it's
weird because I performed so many
different places that I forget what each
venue look like and what each place was
like but once I walked in I remembered
in this green room last time I was in
here I was super sick just now
remembering this I remember drinking
like four cups of tea and eating a
million cough drops and here's the stage
yeah this is the venue's what so it no
it's cool to see Josh doing his own show
and going through the process of all the
stuff that I have been through and I
don't know it's just cool exciting
hi Queens my vlog he died so I have
filming on here I'm backstage of Josh's
show home with look I'm sick girlfriend
it's hard for me to go to Joshua's shows
because I can't sit and watch the show I
have to like sit backstage because I
have a little like surprise entrance and
if I'm sitting in the audience it kind
of kills the surprise and he's doing his
meet-and-greet now and I can't do meet
and greets because being greets were a
big part of the reason why my shoulder
started to hurt because
I'm poking out a spot that's like
screwing me people what's right there in
your what's right there sir whatever
that is it hurts
uh one of the main reasons for my injury
was because when I did meet and greets
every single day for a long time I'd
have my arm like held up in the air
because Murr and I don't touch people I
like lift my arm up and so holding that
position for two hours a day for me and
greets and then also signing a bunch of
books and posters and shirts and stuff
so I can't do meet and greets anymore
unless they absolutely have to because
it's just not good for me also um we're
shooting the Seattle special this
weekend and we have to buy the rights to
all the songs that I sing in the show
and they found out today that we do not
have clearance and we do not have the
rights to most of the songs that I do in
my show so how long been a breakdown
today and panicked freaked out and
started writing new music and I have two
days to write new songs new bits and try
them out in front of an audience for the
first time but what's frustrating is
when I am we're filming this special and
I wanted it to be like this is the show
I've been doing for five years and now
everyone can watch it streaming on the
internet like you can finally see my
show no matter where you live in the
world and now it's like not going to be
the full show that I've done five years
because half of the songs I can't do and
so I am so frustrated like at a full-on
breakdown just from pure frustration
because I feel like I don't typically
cry when I'm sad I cry when I'm angry or
frustrated and yeah oh my god it's a
rough couple of days and you guys got to
play an ahall that's my current
situation so I'm in the dressing room
right now and is 9:45 and I'm editing
music and writing new songs and writing
new bits and scenes and stuff to put
them around a show for this weekend in
Seattle wow look at wha what a heroines
my mom and I will probably be doing it
for the next three days straight no
sleep so are you jealous I'm at these
vlogs are very strange because I feel
like usually vlogs like here's me going
to lunch he isn't going to dinner here's
me doing this and I'm like I film one
thing in the day I'm like this is my
vlog he's sitting here and complaining
about something so I keep touching my
hair it's annoying me
Rebecca and I are going to give
uh Rebecca and I are having a romantic
evening in the past and look how nasty
and murky the water is we wouldn't have
a bubble bath and so I put a bar of soap
in it it made all the water like murky
so what's turkey the bathtub challenge
yeah we have to drink the water no put
water in her and then go and try your
kind of hugging water in your babies
anyway we're going to hang out in this
jacuzzi and talk about our periods
literally five minutes ago
Rebecca was like wonder if I like push
to pee of my tampon with squirt oh yeah
Rebecca's blogging too if you want to
check out her blog the link is below
so I love you guys we're heading back to
LA tomorrow and then I'm heading to
Seattle please get Jason see how the
show I love you guys so much and
