bad news I'm in Charlotte no I'm in
Birmingham Alabama and my arm is killing
me I'm so frustrated I was so frustrated
like Josh is doing his meet-and-greet
right now and
I'm just in so much pain I'm so over it
and I hate that no one can tell me
what's wrong with me and every doctor
who looks at me is like oh you're fine
there's no problem and I always hold in
my mind so much pain like I can't even
use my computer I can't edit I can't
text like why is my arm hurt so much my
shoulder hurts so much if nothing's
wrong okay so there's that but also I'm
on my computer and I'm editing a Miranda
video with my left hand which is not
easy I did the pancake challenge as
Miranda which by the time you see this
oh you know what I don't know if it'll
be up maybe it'll be up it's going up on
Monday today's Sunday and there's some
funny footage of me like not wanting to
do it because I actually put like the
most disgusting things in this pancake
mix and I knew I was about to take a big
bite of it and I didn't want to and so
the footage is a little bit funny and I
want you guys to see it so here's that
bad I can't even like pick it up with a
fork it's like rejecting of its
rejecting utensils it's like this don't
put this in your body I need water
hey if I throw up it'll be good for you
so I hope you guys enjoyed that footage
and yeah that's kind of it I just wanted
to update you guys on my shoulder since
this is my vlog channel I feel like the
people who subscribe to this channel
typically care more about like you guys
don't care if I talk about like personal
issues and stuff because you're not here
to just see like a Coins corner or you
know a collab with me and Miranda or
something you're here because you
actually care about like me and my
family in my life and so
I feel a little bit more comfortable
talking about the stuff with you guys so
I'll keep you updated on what's going on
with my shoulder but right now I'm just
super frustrated like super super super
frustrated I just want to be better and
I want
I feel annoying too because I'm always
complaining about my arm and so I like
try to keep my mouth shut about it
because I don't want to annoy people
because I've been complaining about my
arm since December and it's not like I'm
not trying to fix it
like I've gone to so many doctors so
much physical therapy so many masseuses
I've been to chiropractors I've
literally tried everything and the pain
won't go away it's really frustrating
it's not even that it hurts that bad
it's that it's the annoying like it
didn't it's just annoying like it's not
like I'm an excruciating pain it's just
like oh it kind of hurts to do
everything a little bit like it's almost
I wish that it would be excruciating
pain because then I could go to a doctor
be like it's excruciating pain and
they'd have to fix it right away
but because I'm like it isn't that bad
it just always hurts 24/7 I feel like
because it's how it is doctors feel like
oh she's fine it doesn't hurt that bad
and I don't know well it's just so
frustrating so anyway he just hot sucks
and it sucks that like josh is doing a
meet-and-greet right now and I can't go
I can't meet people because I'm in pain
like I'm alone in a room and pain anyway
sorry
I'm super frustrated so
that's what's going on and I'm overact
