what's up world I'm gonna vlog now so I
know that every time I blog I say I'm
really gonna start vlogging learn game
and then I never do and that's what I'm
doing right now I'm saying I'm gonna
vlog but I'm probably not actually gonna
vlog past today whoa the bags into my
eyes welcome to Colleen is exhausted so
I am in Nashville right now cuz Joshua
is doing some shows I was walking in the
room right now
oh no they didn't come in oh hey your
knees pop oh I'm a mess
so Josh's got some shows were in
Nashville today and we're going to
remember going Charlotte for Birmingham
I don't know we're going to places with
Josh's show and then we go back to LA
and then we fly to Seattle because I
have a show and see how I've got two
shows in Seattle actually and we're
filming both of the shows so you live
near Seattle or even if you don't it's
worth flying in to quite honestly
because we're filming a special you know
sometimes when you watch like comedy
stand-up shows like on Comedy Central or
on HBO or Netflix that's what we're
doing we're filming my show like a
full-on comedy special there's me a huge
camera crew there and so if you want to
be in it please come because we're gonna
be selling the comedy special later
later this year and you could be in it
so it's actually really really exciting
and that is next week so make sure to
get tickets if you haven't already the
ticket link is below so we're in
Nashville Josh's family's here and it's
so weird being on tour and not being
with Rachel and my assistant and just
like kind of my crew but it's really
cool to see Josh go through the stages
that I went through we're at a comedy
club and like a year ago I was doing
comedy clubs and then we eventually
moved to big theater so it's kind of
cool to watch his process update on my
shoulder a lot of you been asking about
it
 in the river that's a long word
they're not me so those of you who've
been asking about my shoulder so I went
to the doctor a few days ago and I got
fifty four shots in my shoulder 54 we've
been trying to figure out what's wrong
with my shoulder since December and
every doctor kind of says something
different but I think what we think it
is right now is we think that my muscles
are all inflamed and sore and normally
when that happens your white blood cells
rush to where the pain is and they fix
the problem but mine aren't doing that
for some reason I don't know I don't
know I don't know science I'm not a
doctor but this is what I've been told
they injected anti-inflammatory stuff
like medicine all over my shoulder and
then they injected something that would
basically cause a fake injury in my body
to trick my body so my body the white
blood cells would rush to fix that
injury that they injected into me and
then while they're there they'd be like
Oh these muscles are messed up and then
fix them so we're trying things like
we're literally at a point we're like
let's try something new because I'm sick
of not being able to use my arm it's
really frustrating and I have been like
you I can't even explain it because it's
not like it's like intense pain all the
time and I'm sobbing because it's sharp
pain it's it it's like you when you get
a bruise and someone touches the bruise
that's kind of how it feels but on the
inside of me are like when you get a
shot you know when your muscle gets sore
after you get a shot that's what it
feels like but it feels like that 24/7
it's not like it ever goes away so it's
not like a hurt super bad it's just that
it's always there so it's annoying and I
can't use my arms like typing hurts or
texting hurts picking something up hurts
everything hurts
and we're hoping that this new therapy
with the shots will work
I don't know I'm about ready to cut off
my own arm I'm so annoyed but anyway
josh is doing his meet-and-greet right
now and hopefully you guys will see him
later today so no mom guys Blanca all
right it's hours later and Rebecca oh I
got matching onesies but now everyone's
jealous so we're gonna go back to
Walmart at 11:00 p.m. to get more
onesies so that's what we're doing right
now
Oh Mart it's a woman it's a mom on at
11:30 p.m. do a dance Rebecca yeah we
are coming up wounded boy so Rebecca and
I are super excited about this no one
shares my love for one position for
every 13 year old on the planet and to
the fact that these three are willing to
come with and get onesies
we're also freed that the employees are
going to think we stole these because we
are here an hour ago and bought them and
now we're wearing this so we put skid
marks on them just make sure just in
case we always plan ahead so we
definitely got all the onesies up so
they oh wait I already showed you taking
a selfie on a selfie stick how
embarrassing I'll be right back
must be doing so here's the onesies that
were chosen we have a panda bear a ninja
turtle I didn't know there were more
than one and that they were ninjas so
I'm an embarrassment in humanity hi and
Erin got a matching one to me Rebecca
it's a little bunny mat got a Batman one
that's way too small for him you can see
all his 'putin to bits and bandana man
got a turtle you want to and so did Josh
so now we're all matching here would be
bregma cell ready for her like so lauren
no I died the way I need to talk about
something when we checked into the hotel
today they thought that Matt and Josh
were a couple on one at the front desk
they thought that they were a couple and
they thought that Rebecca and I were
their groupies never like you guys are
the performers and the girls are just
like laying groupies and the other girls
we're girls who could never have a real
job
