what's up Internet hey everybody good
morning everybody one of those people
I'm gonna vlog today because I don't
blog in us anymore and this is a Bailey
Ballinger and watch this aback 4head we
are in we are in Tirana we're at Niagara
Falls right now and my family's never
been here and it's freaking out oh my
God we're not in Toronto when I grew up
I had shown Tron this would be now Renea
gravity
say hello children there are dinosaurs
not interested in me they're dinosaurs
which are more important so I'll get
back to you okay so here there's the ABS
behind us I'm really excited there's a
dinosaur and if you know me you know I
love dinosaurs and Bailey is wearing
this hat
okay now run around like a dinosaur
apparently that's how a dinosaur run
teaching children to use we did some
really epic picture is not gonna lie I'm
pretty proud of them
and now the Avs made a reservation for
us at the top of this tower that
overlooks Niagara Falls yes as we range
from let's make me one comment this
monkey is ignoring me miss monkey said
she was gonna sit next to me and she
didn't miss monkey earlier today um I
said if we go to the top you better not
fall off and she said it would be the
end of my career which was very funny
and I'm stealing that joke
we finished lunch how was it it was
amazing what did you eat I ate a jumbo
hotdog with that is so a Miranda meal so
mamas monkey and okay I gotta choose my
show yesterday she was dressed like
Miranda on stage in Toronto someone knew
you were my mother because she looks
just like like she would be my mom but
they have believable lots of back hair
yeah anyway now we're walking around
Niagara trying to find something to do
Franken cites that was amazing good idea
miss monkey thank you oh my gosh I was
incredible
the number look at the number we all got
matching awesome hat no one has ever
looks cooler than us so hold on what you
called Vic you and your family athelas
your family he would you give me only
insurance we got ya and we look
incredible
check it out
you guys like totally blend in I'm not
gonna end this test do it we're trying
to make the volcano explode this volcano
apparently has flames and we've been
waiting here forever that's why we're on
the floor here did you get away that was
worth it all right so it's almost it's
almost midnight we are in our bathing
suits and we're gonna go in a jacuzzi
the Asian steps just left which is super
sad times but we had so much fun with
them they're amazing people and now
we're gonna go into Jacuzzi for a little
bit and I leave Toronto tomorrow which
is super tears summer pants and Bailey
is freaking out excited she's hyped up
on maple syrup because they just filmed
a Canadian food thing look at this
beautiful roof top so the jacuzzi is on
so pretty Toronto
see can't really see much alright I just
got back to my hotel and I was by top in
the shower and I looked at the towels to
make sure they were clean fresh towels
here and look what I found just a nasty
hair dangling from the clean towels I've
not touched these towels clearly and
there's a nasty black Dingley here that
is disgusting if you are in Toronto I
would not recommend where are we
Cambridge Suites because they have nasty
black hairs dangling from their clean
towels
