Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate this what happens when you
have a flight I'm gonna take about 5:30
this is what happened I put my shirt on
backwards no time pleasant person in the
morning when you're in Hawaii that was
so nice
okay we made it to Maui and look at the
bags I'm tired but mid smelly I'm so
excited and we had like I had an
annoying morning I'm just cuz I look so
tired this is embarrassing
I didn't knowing morning because if okay
so we're in the car with the driver this
morning and there's a lot of traffic so
I pulled up my GPS to see and there was
like a faster route that was like 10
minutes faster to get to the airport and
Rachel looked at her phone and it's the
same thing on her so like there's a
route though because there's so much
traffic there's an accident so the route
was like oh go this way for 10 minutes
fast fuse Airport 10 minutes past her
and we're already late we have to take
this route so we told the driver like
hey sir those are out that's faster
because he wasn't using GPS he's like no
this is fastest I was like right but
there's a really bad accident so if we
can just take the other route then we'll
get there faster he's like no this is
the fastest and we're like but I'm
looking at the GPS and it says it'll be
ten minute path to attest to this way
he's like no this is the fastest he
wasn't looking at GPS
and it was so annoying and then we were
10 minutes late to the airport and I was
like if we will just come but we were
like I don't know how we got on the
plane I think it's just cuz they're like
islandhoppper so you can be late it was
just one of those moments was a dude
just sit your GPS and you'll see I'm not
making it up but you can just know when
like someone's like defiant for no
reason like it was really frustrating so
anyway my words all right we're here we
made it we're all alive it was humming a
tune and now four seasons is there move
over our CEO beauty because I just made
my own bathing suit so I brought this
blue suit I'm going to take this off and
show you okay cuz this is freaking DIY
to the Maximus so I brought this blue
bikini but I lost the like strap that
goes on the top so I always have so
sweet night these funds that goes here
and like you type ona dangles so I just
strung it upside down wrapped it up and
through the little hoops and then
background entire
I am our seal beauty I am DIY Queen it's
extremely uncomfortable but I made a
bathing suit goodbye have a good day I'm
going to the beach and this is how
Rachel and I enjoy Maui so this is how
we enjoyed the beach we both we work
while we lay out so but um the Sun was
down on the clouds our bags but it's
good it's giving us a nice little break
because the Sun was real hot so I don't
know we're stock would win it I guess
you saw the beach and ran away but we
are all enjoying ourselves by the pool
here so we ordered some nachos and we're
gonna have a gay old time well I made it
to my room and clearly I look naked
right now I'm not I'm wearing my bathing
suit but my straps didn't work ok so
here's the story with the DIY straps
listen y'all I'm having drama because I
lost the straps that belonged to this
top that I don't know where they are
they're just gone but there's a little
hook where they used to be so there's
this string in the back and I like put
it over my shoulders and hooked it in
and then tied it on my neck but then it
was too tight and I was choking me and I
felt like I was gonna die so I took it
off so now the BAE thinks it's just like
falling off of me so when I plug I like
negate but I'm not naked I'm wearing a
bathing suit anyway we finally have to
check in to our rooms and I'm just
waiting for my luggage to get here we
need to figure out what we're gonna do
tonight we kind of just have the night
off so I'll probably film and edit
videos and just kind of hang out chill
out but there is Hawaii music playing in
the bathroom can hear it
I'm going to the dance party
take her down there everyone came over
to watch the sunset ooh la la
Mickey look ooh Locka Locka Molokini
quick are you an eyelid that you're
gonna sing and I'll do the hula I
genuinely think hula dancing is like the
most beautiful thing in the world and
I'm super jealous that I can't do it
because I think it's beautiful and I
think all the wine music everything
about the Hawaiian culture I'm obsessed
with Rachel I talk about it all the time
that's a good fluid dan this is how you
watch a sunset ladies and gentlemen
that can you please spell for me
Oh
years and years and years ago and Rachel
I learned how to do this in the dance to
that song and we sing it every time we
come and my dad loves that are you so
happy I know Rachel didn't do it Oh
disappointed in you that made me so
happy I know it was like me and two
two-year-old but I'm not ashamed but I
am ashamed of all of you for nothing to
me and I'm very disappointed rude I lose
everything and I brought two sweaters on
this trip I was wearing them this
morning I was wearing the other one
yesterday I lost them both I was
everything's underpass lost my camera
charger
I lost my battery like I this is me 24/7
I lose everything so Eric gave me this
sweater and he wore yesterday as Patrick
in the show so this is my option that's
what I have dinner was delicious
and I've been texting with Nicola
because he's watching my cats and you
guys really need to check out his vlogs
his blogs are so funny and the way he's
editing the cats is cracking me up like
go subscribe he's such a good youtuber
like you guys need to go check him out
he's so so so funny I literally was just
texting him saying like hey can you
please move in because I'm obsessed with
you and I
he said he said this is going to be me
when you come back I'll just show you a
picture cuz there's him just like
suction it's under my couch you see why
I love them go check him out we're gonna
go to a little store and like a little
market and get some food just talk about
rooms and stuff like that now I'm gonna
work on that everybody gonna do that's
the plan Sam oh it's gonna rip that
shirt
let's rip that shirt would demodex wait
that's not a pack what's that muscle go
bicep
oh that one that's a boy soup flex your
glue to miss Maximus he's hiding behind
my parents like your rip your shirt off
muscles what are you doing mom I'm busy
so I can get Koryak what calendar is it
people that he's interested in once you
spend a certain amount of money at these
stores I guess you get a free calendar
and my mom has been collecting all of
the receipts every time we've come to a
store like this to try to get this
calendar for Cory it's like a Hawaiian
men like why I'm sure Lisbon calendar
I'm so excited I can't wait to see her
give this to Cory let me see this thing
is it's scenic oh okay you gotta go give
it to Cory and it shows palm tree uh-huh
you get buns it's like all of them love
and these are all my type twinkling just
anybody on the internet is wondering
this is that year
Rachel needed something for her video
for tomorrow so we're walking around the
mall trying to find something for the
film but apparently my dad found a Santa
Claus wearing Hawaiian shirt and shorts
which is amazing so we need to go check
that out
Santa oh my god okay so it is 9:30 p.m.
I just filmed a video a reacting video
I'm gonna try to edit that tonight a lot
of editing to you tonight I'm gonna be
up very late so I'm probably gonna say
goodbye to you guys now yeah tomorrow
should be a fun day I'm gonna do a lay
making class and I think we're gonna go
snorkeling maybe so it should be a
pretty fun day yeah I'm having so much
fun I'm so happy and grateful that I
have such a wonderful family and friends
to hang out with and it's cool to like
hang out with Angela and Eric outside of
haters back off because obviously that
show's over now so it's nice to know
that like I have friends like forever
because of the experience and feel like
I've just gotten to know them on a
deeper level and it's been really
amazing so anyway I love you guys and
I'll see you in the morning okay
you
