ha is this working
it is 11:45 p.m. I doubt anyone is awake
and anyone's gonna won't even watch this
it says zero viewers um I just felt like
doing a live stream I felt like
chit-chatting with you guys even though
it's late um see no wonder if it's
working how do I find out if it's
freaking links I think um anyway but
tweet me so I can talk to you guys I'll
be checking my tweets oh crap this is
not the right thing to do maybe it's
this one they see it starts as I have
zero viewers not cheap this is not
correct let's see yeah sorry guys I'm
not very good at this the internet
twitter.com slash Who am I it's clacking
Oh working just no one's watching it's
fine um alright so I'm gonna be checking
my Twitter business it's working it's
working mom hey guys how are you awake
so late I did you guys know you're gonna
quiz I can take this off because um you
guys want to talk about anything in
particular what are you guys doing tell
me about your life tell me your things
tell me everything um you guys want to
talk about what do you want to do tell
me all the things Becky says I was just
about to go to sleep please follow me
girl I am following you so mole comfy
oh no no sorry now I am Roberto says how
do you manage to get along with Rachel
while maintaining a work relationship
sometimes it's hard sometimes we fight
but I think we're both very similar in
how we fight Rachel I are both the type
of people where if you apologize we're
over it and like truly will never think
about it again and so if she just signed
that pisses me off or I do something
that pisses her off we both were just
like oh my god sorry and the other
person's like up noise and it's the same
thing with work so if she does something
wrong and like with work that upsets me
and I say oh my god you you didn't do
this and it really upset me in the show
should be like I'm really sorry that was
my bad and then we're done so we're
really good at like humbling ourselves
and apologizing when we do things wrong
but that's rare like she's very good at
her job so it's hard to ever even get
upset with her Jamie gray said hey girl
Jamie Gracie are still thinking about
how awesome your show is in like 2013
haha watching you live Sam hi Jamie
Grace you're cute so cute oh my god I
remember when you came to my show that
is crazy
thanks for watching alive Sam cheese
stuff let's see me tell us what you're
gonna do as a Christmas show tickets
that was from kin Brielle's Cimbri a
twin is going on i want to get rid of
this thing here is like pointing up get
out of here
mom cheated come on don't make this
Molly whatever uh oh yeah so I'm doing
Christmas shows in December and I wanted
to figure out a way to like perform with
my family it was my final show on the
Miranda camp to her and I was like um I
didn't want tour to end oh this is a
heating blinky and a house
shoulder I didn't went toward and I was
really sad when tour was over and I was
thinking about the shows I had left I
only had a few shows left this year and
I was like what can I do that would be
really fun I couldn't follow my family
and I thought the Christmas show cuz I
didn't have any shows in December so I
was like okay I'm gonna do a Christmas
show of my family and Joshua's family so
we're gonna be singing Christmas songs
doing weird Christmas dances and skits
and audience participation stuff and
then we'll have really fun like
ornaments there that you guys can get
for your Christmas trees and Christmas
gifts and yeah I don't know I think I'll
be really fun it's just gonna be like a
variety comedy show it'll be funny and
it'll be fun it'll be awesome
I need to get my water I filmed a sassy
dance day and you just saw spider before
I filmed a sassy dance tonight with me
Marie and Corinne I'm really excited
about it I say I'm gonna post it
tomorrow
I'll see if that water girl um my throat
is killing me I'm sick just um
and so I'm trying to drink a lot of
water because I think water is so corny
that's this but I think water is like
the best medicine you can ever have so
I'm drinking it as much one okay I'm
reading your tweet so if you want to
talk to me just tweet me
actly be one two three and I'm reading
them so if you guys want to if you want
me to sink a so long I can do it with my
you because I felt like singing but I'm
alone I was like it feels weird to just
like sing alone so oh my god there's
totally something floating in here that
is just suggesting cue okay
Brooke Ballinger evans that are gonna
have another show Newark New Zealand
hopefully next year when I go back to
New Zealand we'll see though
um let's see what song did you the sassy
dance - uh can you guess I don't know I
don't want to tell you I just want you
to see it oh you're sweet Sam cam said
you did hi Colleen how's your shoulder I
pray for you every night hope you're
feeling better
I think sweetie I my shoulder is not
great I'm in a lot of pain still and I
went to the doctor again the other day
and they were like they did something
that doctors I think aren't supposed to
do like I feel like there's bedside
manners where you like
don't let your patient know how bad it
is and the doctor was like aah oh my god
aah come look at this
this is so bad look at her shoulder like
they are all talking about it but then
wouldn't tell me what was wrong and so I
don't know it's not good but I'm gonna
get a second opinion hopefully soon so
we'll see we can fix this freaking
shoulder um so instead remember this
livestream you did a while ago never in
my last Cherise Jones I don't remember
that so random what brand of lipstick do
you use I use anything nothing in
particular um let's see who's gonna be a
Christmas show in San Jose I think it's
gonna be my family's my mom my dad me
Josh
Christopher Jessica the kids Rachel
probably her boyfriend Trent my cousin
Stephanie my cousin Andrew made my
cousin Adam um probably Josh's sister
Erin um the rest of his family I don't
think can come because they're like
having work and stuff so um favorite
song right now is downtown and I don't
know why no one is like obsessed with it
like I feel like I'm the only person
who's like yeah downtown by Macklemore
so amazing everyone else is like okay
it's so freaking good um okay reading my
tweets right in downtown cruising trip
to LA tiptoe underst
he's like smelly let's see
hey guys you can ask me anything in the
whole world right now on Twitter I feel
like I'm just saying like follow me
which is cool but like let's talk let's
hang on to a career tech sing songs
would be cool um
but all the questions I'm saying are
like are you coming to my city and
follow me
alright checking Twitter ah sing
tattooed heart oh my gosh no one can
sing that as good as re let's see if I
can find the course dear I'll see but
watch the views go down on this tattooed
no one can sing that as well as that
Queen tattooed huh oh my gosh I can kind
of this was that tune hunting these
around courts
it's a different song I can't sing this
song as good as here that girl is like
the queen of singing so if you want me
to sing you have to sing songs that like
our singable by a human that is not
ariana garlic because ariana is
perfection thumb let's not go not bomb
I'm also really tired right now
and uhm little loopy so if I seem crazy
or slow that's why Joseph Peterson said
if you were stranded on the island
didn't had to eat Hillary Clinton or
Oprah who would it be I wouldn't eat
either because I'm on an island and
there's plenty of food to eat on an
island I would crush open a coconut and
find myself a fish c-come on Queens
let's see what you guys say on Twitter
Kellan grant said what's YouTube drama
like oh man I don't know how to answer
that one um YouTube drama is weird
because like everyone on YouTube is
friends and everyone like loves each
other but we also are like I feel like a
lot of youtubers are insecure and it
polluting myself and so people talk
smack by other people's backs a lot it's
just kind of a bummer but for the most
part YouTube community is really
supportive of each other like everyone
really loves each other um but there's
not really drama like I don't know not
that I know of like I think the drama we
have is like so-and-so said this about
so-and-so behind their back type of a
type of a thing but we're all friends so
like if anything happens that hurts one
of our feelings we just like talk to
each other like hey why does that happen
why did you do that I'm just looking at
your tweets so your mashup of all your
favorite songs I can't do that that's
too hard
what's your favorite candle scent for
fall
obviously it's pumpkin like pumpkin pie
or pumpkin spice anything like that sing
stitches by Shawn Mendes but without the
Miranda oh this is so bad guys like
think I'm gonna need to stop because
this is just not it's not working not
work it out for me come on phone my
phony refrige will there be another UK
tour
I really hope so I really missed the UK
um I didn't get to go to London this
year which is super weird it's like the
first year in like six years that I
didn't go to London so I'm really
wanting to go back next year I'm trying
to go everywhere because that's me I'm
obsessed with touring but like I sure
I'm hoping to go to France and Germany
and do shows there but I don't know and
then I'm hoping to go back to Amsterdam
because I'm obsessed in Amsterdam open
do back to Scotland in London and
Ireland as well but I don't know nothing
is confirmed yet I just told my agent
that I wanted to go to those places and
it also kind of depends on other
projects we're trying to make happen
here in LA but I don't trust anything
anymore ah do some of the live streaming
around voice you know what I really feel
like it
Ryan is gonna sleep a bit nading kisses
when is your wedding band coming this
weekend I get my wedding band tomorrow
and sing worthy I don't remember it I
can't seem that wools awful wild I don't
know that some clean the honeymoon tour
vlog I didn't vlog the honeymoon tour
when I went saw Ariana I hadn't seen
Ariana in like a year and so I wanted to
just hang out with her and be friends
and not worry about like filming so I
didn't vlog I just filmed some um I just
want some stuff of her like performing
but I didn't like vlog being around her
can we have a hashtag
yeah hashtag Killeen is boring do you
see me even I do see you even nine i se
le what's your middle name my middle
name is Mae spelled in AE how's your
online garage sale going
that was from Emily Reinhart so I'm
having this like yard sale on the
internet to raise money for childhood
cancer
because September is Childhood Cancer
Awareness Month and it's really
important to me because I've met a lot
of incredible people who have cancer who
are kids and so I really wanted to raise
a bunch of money and I was trying to
think of a way to get you guys involved
and so I did a yard sale and I don't
know I don't talk about it too much
because I don't want to get trolls
attention but like I feel like people
are trolling the eBay site and are just
like putting high prices on the items
that they're never gonna pay and they're
just doing it to be jerks and it's
really disappointing because I I feel
like I expect people to troll and I
expect people to just be jerks on the
internet because it's the internet and
that's how people are but I wasn't
expecting it to be I never thought
people would act that way when it came
to something like childhood cancer like
I thought that was an issue that was
serious enough where no one would joke
around and play a trick like that like I
just think that's really awful when
people are willing to pay the money and
donate money to a good cause like why
would you put fake numbers in and make
it so no one can donate any money I
don't know I just think it's kind of and
I mean maybe those people who are saying
that they're bidding on things like
their bids for like fifteen thousand
dollars for like a shirt in ten thousand
dollars like a romper and there's no way
that kids like teenagers and even adults
are donating that much money and for
like a shirt or romper maybe they are
like maybe those are real donations
maybe they are I'll find out in a couple
days when the bidding is over I'll find
out who which ones of those are real and
which ones of them are not I'm hoping
that they're all real because that would
be incredible to raise that much money
but I just have a feeling in my gut that
it's people being jerks and we're just
kind of trolling so I'm hoping that's
not the case if I'll find out soon and
and I'm hoping that I'm wrong I'm hoping
that it's just rich people who can
afford to donate that much money um yeah
we'll see if it doesn't work out then I
learned my lesson that I can't do
something like that again and I'll have
to come up with a new creative way to
raise
money for organizations because that
didn't work well we'll see hopefully
solve it's real and we will donate money
um just I don't know how much yet we'll
see how it goes so when are you gonna
decorate for Christmas November 1st how
did you learn ukulele did you get a
teacher that was from Ryan no I don't
have a say her name I'm sorry I taught
myself that's why I'm not very good I
don't have a teacher bad tree Bob said
can you make more bathroom banter
bathroom banter is this thing I used to
do on this channel but I haven't done in
a really long time I started to film one
today and then I realized I don't have
anything to talk about so I stopped
filming it
but maybe I'll do more I really enjoyed
doing those so maybe a low mmm Joseph
Peterson said tell us a story about you
and Joshua that we haven't heard before
hmm story about me and Joshua that you
haven't heard before
it's fake I feel like you've heard all
the stories have you heard this I don't
know if you know this one you might know
it um
Joshua when we first started to date
like right when we first met Josh would
store pizza boxes in his oven like
that's where like he would order pizza
and he'd finish your pizza and then
instead of throwing the pizza away the
pizza box away he would put it in his
oven and I came to visit him for the
first time and I was like let's make
cookies cuz that's what I love to do and
we turn on the oven and the boxes he
forgot the pizza boxes are in the oven
and they caught fire and I laughed at
him um I don't know I don't hopefully
other stories didn't I tell you that
story sometime that's did you get your
surfboard yet from Teen Choice Award no
I didn't I don't think I'm gonna get it
for a while we'll see
um Isaac said is clean is live right now
literally is about to make my night a
hundred percent better Oh fine
where'd you get your phone case from
girl it's a long story but I talked
about in my last livestream I spent way
too much money on this I got it at Best
Buy are you excited for Halloween I am
but I don't know what I'm gonna be yet
so I'm kind of bummed out um how often
do you poop that's from Amy I poop like
way too much I poop like 10 times a day
it's not good
Natalie Rios said what's your favorite
hairstyling tool I love a straightener
because a straightener you can
straighten your hair and you can curl it
and I'm good with a straightener sink
best mistake I can try but you could I'm
not good at Ari songs cuz she is clean
and like no one has a voice like her
best mistake or it's also my voice is
super rough right now because I'm thick
ah see you I don't know any 7 I don't
know any 7 I'm not to make that up I
think josh is on my bday today
how's it go toast oh my gosh how does
the song go I love this song huh yeah
baby
I'm doing a live stream right now how
are you
oh we put them in our video sure you
dispose yeah come say hi hi tell em that
is human nature
hey hey Timmy Jimmy mammy you guys are
gonna say
hate you guys right now it's jog you can
say hey to you guys hey hey hey how long
have you been live streaming very long
don't see what the theme I'm gonna go
five more minutes boys I'm gonna want to
stop this and okay
baby I love you every day every day
that's all what's the song about of our
week every day yeah yeah how are your
thoughts on I don't give away a thingy
so I learn learn this is spoiler alert
Oh what sure what keeps you going when
the going gets rough those from Maggie I
think stepping back and realizing that
um don't look at all the bad stuff look
at the good stuff see easy to focus on
the bad stuff so whenever you're feeling
rough take a step back and say let me
let me list five things no matter how
big or small that are good and then you
almost know the sort of thing well there
there are a lot of good things in my
life what gets me going when the going
gets rough is my family I think things
get really hard like being around my
family just makes me thank you really
hard all right I'm gonna go with my
husband now bye guys I love you so much
thanks for watching hanging out with me
and broadcast
