hey guys I'm at Disneyland today and I
was not planning on vlogging however
this one is just being the most epic
dancer ever and so I have to vlog today
just so you guys can see the footage
because it is absurd here's Parker doing
the most incredible dance party
by himself I've ever seen in my life I
want y'all to see what it's like to
drive with Bailey Haley is driving the
cart oh gosh
oh my gosh
give it to me I'm worth it baby I'm
worth it
get it
okay like 4pi hook your neighbor in the
I realize he's a rainbow in the sky so
we are here for Jacob's sixth birthday
oh my gosh I keep wanting to say he's
five he's six it's crazy so I'm here
with Christopher and Jessica and hey can
i handful it anyway
and we're also here with a bunch of
blondes so I feel super outnumbered
right now but I'm sure I get so happy
when Disneyland has magical skies look
at this
his Disneyland is already the most
magical place in the world and the
culprit is ah this one makes me so happy
I love it so much even though my arm is
throbbing in pain
and this beautiful sky is here and I've
got three beautiful blondes with me
she's outnumber today yeah I know I'm
super outnumbered which is so weird I'm
used to be around all brunettes but oh
my god this guy I cannot so today we
were oliver disneyland and oliver
california adventure we we didn't want a
kid stuck which is really fun we went
and saw playhouse disney which is the
show that I used to do when I worked
here and it was crazy it's so different
from when I used to work here it's like
a completely different show but it was
it's really cool to watch it again
um and now hey Park or Jacob where are
we going for your birthday dinner
boys care for how old are you today
you're six what's up you want dinner
yeah okay cool it Tillotson dinner and
Bailey got a really awesome Tinkerbell
costume today
isn't she beautiful she it's about a
hundred degrees today it's really hot
and barely showed up in an Elsa dress
that's like long sleeves and really
heavy and I was like okay just for the
writers that I just talked her out of it
let me relieve in the house i we did not
dress her that way we were like you want
to wear shorts and a t-shirt and some
air use that's what you want yeah and
she was like no that is not what I was I
know
total drama but anyway I'm I do not vlog
very well today because I didn't even
start filming until Parker have a dance
party so if you guys want to see a full
vlog of everything we did today you can
go to chuck or what's your name I'm not
my husband or walk up now mine has been
super guy this is my brother Christopher
not my husband
different guy
ah you can go to my brother's channel
because he's going to post a full vlog
of the whole day since I totally failed
at walking today
anyway we're gonna go get some birthday
dinner for Jacob sixth birthday and um
yeah that's pretty much it
okay so when Joey was like three I went
to build a bear with her and today I'm
gonna do a partner and he just saw it
and he's running we're gonna go to Build
America Parker's gonna build a bear
because he loves bears let's do it
so Parker really easy you're gonna help
me I need you to step on that pillow
right now head foot you hold on to the
pedal with your chest shot great job
those are bears the risk easy to make
close them up and they stay in there
forever that makes it a love
keep quitting where's your little brush
your scrub brush there you go wash up
your bear oh no the kid so Parker chose
to do a Mickey Mouse build a bear
do you love him
what is Mickey Mouse a thinking uh smack
Oh dinner
Jacob are you having a good birthday
what's your favorite part so far what
was your favorite project uh what was
your favorite thing we did right here
this is your favorite thing right now
really what are you going to have to eat
for dinner oh man he's doing a dancing
happy birthday dear Jacob happy birthday
to you laughing like a carrot
Jakub Rd had his birthday ice cream so
he's having a carrot now especially
since like 10 p.m.
ice cream would probably be bad idea I
am back from Disneyland I'm back with my
bed he doesn't want to be in my vlog um
it was super fun and Jake is durable I'm
Bailey's durable and parkas adorable it
was so fun I love going to Disneyland so
much is like my favorite place in the
world and they'll be with my family and
so this vlog was totally lame sauce but
I just needed to vlog at least something
because you needed to see Parker's epic
dance moves all day um you are eating
that pickle
Rachel sorry Rachel doesn't watch my
vlogs all right love you guys I mean
let's be honest I post so many videos
there's no we shouldn't keep up all
right I love you guys thanks for
watching and I will see you soon back
you're pooping right now on my bed he's
currently moving
because I
this case
