look at my hair Oh pooping
you're pooping right now on my bed he's
pooping on my bed
he's currently pooping on my bed he goes
I'm pooping his face was red ah sounds
amazing
ah speaking of poop I just hit 1 billion
views on the internet that has nothing
to do with poop but I just wanted to
tell you I hit 1 billion views on the
Internet
I can't believe it I can't believe I had
1 billion views this is crazy this tour
has been so insane so many milestones
have happened while I've been on the
road my book was a New York Times
number-one best-selling book which is
crazy and I wanted Teen Choice Award and
I hit 1 billion views and I got
nominated for 2 Streamy Awards and just
like so many things have happened on
this tour it's crazy and I can't believe
today is the last show it's nuts
um yeah I'm feeling really like it's
bittersweet I'm really excited to take a
break because I'm in a lot of pain like
that my shoulder is really really bad um
and my body's just tired like I'm just
exhausted so I'm excited to take a break
but I've been having so much fun this
tour has been so incredible that I'm I'm
just so sad that it's over I've been
feeling the show tonight is gonna be
like 10 hours long um because I'm not
gonna wanna get off stage what he pooped
it smells like buzz yeah it smells bad
all right I've got to go do some check
and tried to get away from this poo bye
okay I just finished the final
meet-and-greet which is so weird it's so
sad to know that this is all coming to
an end
everyone was really sweet
um I'm going to show you the theater
here's the final theater Charlotte North
Carolina this set where we are the final
show the final show
so weird I think my body knows that it's
the last show because I've been in pain
the whole tour but this is the first day
where my arm like my entire arm now is
in a lot of pain and I think my body's
just shutting down my body's like yeah
we're done I'm done I want to take a
break so I'm ready to go take a break
and get a bunch of massages and chill
out for a while so anyway I'm excited
I'm nervous I'm sad I'm happy I'm
everything you can be I'm about to go
onstage for the final show like Rachel
got Rachel here teeny Josh Jackson
silent mom my dad somewhere I can't
believe it's last show it's so sad so
weird it's very bittersweet all right
let's go do this thing
I just finished the last show and it's
bittersweet but look we have champagne
I'm so excited it was a good run and it
feels so weird that it's over I feel
like I'll have a moment later well it'll
hit me and I'll cry because it's been so
amazing but there's a good show it was
fun it's so weird I can't with it's over
I need to find Rachel so that we can
drink the champagne Shampoo Gi Gi and
pain Jackson you excited he's already
had a little bit thank you guys so much
for doing this tour was awesome I love
you guys so much I'm gonna miss you guys
this is so weird that it's over I love
you he is too and fancies Cheers
come here do you like it now you can
drink it thank you oh my gosh
I'm leaving the bus I took all the
pictures off the walls there's nothing
in here anymore I'm saying goodbye this
is so weird this has been my home for
like a month so it's super weird to be
getting everything off of the bus and I
don't know it feels weird it feels super
sad because it almost feels like it was
another person as weird as it sounds
like the bus was another person that was
traveling with us it feels like it has a
personality so weird
saying goodbye goodbye stinky shower
that always smelled of poo goodbye bed
you are so comfortable
goodbye little beds that other people
had to sleep in and I felt bad for them
because they were like little coffins
goodbye sink but Josh poured my entire
coke down last night and didn't ask if I
he could go living Oh John it's okay I
don't know how long this is gonna last
but right now I'm just really grateful
that I got to do a bus to where it's
crazy
I love you proud of you daddy you rocked
a brand new show you on a bus did
I love you guys bye bus fight or by bus
bye guys Wow
