all right we are in Richmond Virginia
and this is the theater it's very pretty
today Thea tree we're at the Theatre E
and it's beautiful I always get excited
on mic in film in theaters because some
theaters don't let me sound right now I
just filmed a video with Rebecca Ann as
seen on tv video and so there is
probably glitter in my hair somewhere
where is it I can feel my hair is like
sticky in certain spots yeah see this
like these chunks of glitter in my hair
that's because I did an As Seen on TV
thing with Rebecca and one of the things
was like these horrible glitter stickers
that go on your hair it's disgusting I'm
gonna go
all right we just finished the show and
it's Rebecca's last show which is so sad
and it's Jays last show which is so sad
but Christina and my dad and Simon and
Jackson are all on their way so anyway
we're about to say goodbye to the people
in Richmond
good morning look who's here it's a new
baby I had a baby this is Jackson
Jackson say hi it's my mom's birthday
and we decorated the bus if you can see
way out there probably not there
streamers and there's balloons okay
check it out we decorated the whole
front of the bus
he's cannon I love Kenneth Kenneth is
gonna be in the show tomorrow yeah I'm
gonna mean it that's the choreography
yeah I'm gonna practice it tonight there
you go so we decorated the bus of all
these balloons and that'd be worth the
center's presence over there everyone's
wearing our hats
except for Jakes he didn't want to mess
up his weave typical we're waiting for
mom
in your bed
