I am furious I'm in my hotel
Rachel Rebecca my mom and Josh isn't in
the room and from my hotel it's our day
off and we're like working in our hotel
all day we can see our bus that's our
bus across the street I can see our bus
driver and our video guy's name's
Kenneth who's my love I love him so much
I can see them sitting outside the bus
having a barbecue and they didn't invite
us
I am so offended I would love to be at
that barbecue with them right now but I
wasn't invited
I'm gonna give him so much crap for that
later huh
you're now in Philadelphia I'm gonna go
over here parks burger will give us it
over here
so we are in Philadelphia Philadelphia
um today we had soundcheck Rebecca's
doing my hair again which is amazing I
had a massage sort of not really it was
more like I just remembered something
she implied at one point that the reason
I was in pain was because I didn't love
myself
she said in dalian she goes so repeat
after me I'm feeling pain in my shoulder
I was like I'm feeling pain in my
shoulder and she goes but I love myself
I love myself very much
and I was like what but she thought it
was in your head - yeah she thought I
was like beating myself up or something
I was like mom
all right we just finished the show and
I get a lucky treat tonight I get to
have Parker and Jacob and Bailey on the
bus with me is this exciting I'm pretty
active bus oh yeah yeah all right we're
just cuddling aren't we cuddlin yeah and
locky time Auggie vlog inception Parker
look at me man I'm just gonna drop on my
face this is gonna be oh my gosh I'm so
nervous
oh gosh okay it's our second day in
Philly and I just did the meet-and-greet
as Miranda and Parker's here Parker what
do you want me to do hey you want my
lipstick off you don't want Miranda what
do you want you want anti panties
you don't want Miranda do you like
Miranda do you like Auntie panties but
no Miranda you want me to take off this
lipstick yeah yeah and be aunty panties
again yeah why don't you like Miranda no
no Miranda no Miranda okay I feel the
same way no Miranda should I wave off
the lipstick now yeah okay do you want
to help me yeah okay
No Who am I right now auntie panties is
that better yeah will you have me now
yeah I love you um I've heard a few
stories of people um waiting by the bus
for me to come out when I'm not even in
it and yelling at my bus driver or
yelling at my road manager yelling on my
tour manager and it makes me super sad
so please be nice to my crew because I
love them and they're amazing they work
so hard for me um so anyway just be nice
because they're actually really awesome
people they're like my family and when
you're not nice to them it makes me
super sad because um they're amazing so
please be nice okay
you
look at all these kitties bye guys love
you
you
