all right its next day we're in Boston
and we are playing Philippa cushions
there's more penis bar in there would
you say
what do you need right now Oh in a
pinky's you want auntie panties look
Rebecca's doing my hair cuz she's the
queen um and Parker what do you want for
dinner
um PETA PETA we're gonna order pizza do
you want pizza I want pizza I'm back I'm
cool
Rebecca wants pizza love you too - it's
so good yeah I'm happy yes dude yeah
Joshua wants pizza - how do you eat a
pizza I know go home like that I bet you
grab it huh yeah can you do a pizza
dance
oh my gosh today is crazy okay I just
got off stage and I look like a mess and
I'll explain that in a minute but I just
found out that I won a Teen Choice Award
I mean it's so crazy like I cannot
believe I won I thought there was no way
I was gonna win so I didn't even try to
go to the award show I was like there's
no way I'm up against like Nash Grier
and Lily who I thought was definitely
gonna kill it and win the award I cannot
believe it
I I can't thank you so much I'm in
Boston right now I just got offstage and
I got a text from Lily that said
congratulations and I cannot believe
this is so nuts oh thank you so much for
voting for me and this is our surfboard
we want it together the fact that I just
won one is crazy and I'm furious that
I'm not there like I can't believe I'm
not there
oh she with your entire family yeah I'm
with my whole family so that's good
um oh my gosh this is crazy okay in
other news here we go I had the weirdest
show of my life I I felt like I was
gonna faint or throw up when I was on
stage tonight I don't know what was
going on I just felt really nauseous and
so I randomly was like I knew I couldn't
keep performing I knew I was gonna faint
or I was gonna throw up like I knew and
so I was like okay now my camp
counselors are going to get you excited
and I walked off the stage collapsed on
the ground and started hyperventilating
and started to faint I couldn't breathe
I couldn't feel my face I couldn't feel
my arms that everyone's pulling like ice
and rags all over me Josh and Rachel
went on stage and we're trying to like
entertain the crowd for like 10 minutes
and then Christopher and his family went
onstage and started singing songs like
they were just it was like a good 15
minutes of like people trying to
entertain the crowd huh and then I went
back onstage I like cooled down and went
back on stage quickly finish the show
came back off stage and like collapsed
again I don't know what's wrong with me
um I don't know what's wrong I felt
nauseous all day and I just freaked out
I think
hyperventilated because I was freaking
out about it having to leave the stage
and having to stop performing and that
freaked me out so I started to
hyperventilate I never had that I've
been performing six years it's never
happened to me so I don't know what
happened so I got off stage and I'm like
crying and freaking out because of what
happened and then I thought I wanted T
Choice Award and this day is just so
many emotions that is so crazy oh my god
thank you guys I love you I can't
believe I want a Teen Choice Award I can
it's so crazy alright so we're back at
the hotel and I'm just looking at
Twitter and seeing all this hate
everyone's so mad at me everyone's
saying that I didn't win because they're
looking at some vote thing and I did not
win and that I bribed to win which I
think is so funny because why would I
bribe some who would I bribe first of
all I don't know anyone who works the
Teen Choice Awards and why would I bribe
to win the award and then not go to the
award show like I was literally
backstage no makeup on in Lowell
Massachusetts why would I choose to be
in Lowell Massachusetts over Los Angeles
at the Teen Choice Awards like I clearly
did not think I was going to win I just
think it's really funny and why people
are hating on me regardless of if the
Teen Choice Awards are rigged by
producers or if the votes actually count
I don't know like I'm not a part of it
so the reason the fact that people are
hating on me like it was not my doing
like I did not choose who won that award
they say it's the Teen Choice Awards
maybe it's from votes but maybe it's not
I do know that they've they said that it
only one vote a day counted so if people
were spamming and saying the hashtag a
million times a day that did not count
it only counted one account per day so
um anyway I just think it's funny that
everyone's mad at me and saying that I
had something to do with it and I rigged
it like don't you think I would be there
if I knew I was going to win I never
thought I was going to win honestly I
thought that Lilly
going to win superwoman um and I even
voted for a Lilly like I was like yeah
awesome comedians who are women like
that's so the fact that people are
hating on me and thinking that I like
rigged something or whatever and I don't
know I just don't understand the
reasoning like oh my god anyway I'm
really really excited that I won and I
have been working in this industry for
over a decade and I've been working on
YouTube for seven or eight years so it's
not like this is something that I take
lightly like this is a very big deal to
me
YouTube is a huge part of my life and to
win a web star award for comedy is
incredible and I'm really really proud
of it I'm proud of you guys for voting
for me and proud of this whole fandom
and I'm proud of all the other nominees
not everyone who's nominee I came to
talk I'm so proud of everyone who's
nominated like everyone who's nominated
is amazing and everyone deserved to win
and if someone else won I would not have
been angry I would have been proud and
happy and I would have congratulated
them and I think that all of my viewers
would have congratulated them too and I
don't think like last year Oh to l1 and
I was so proud of them and all I saw on
Twitter from my followers were
congratulations towards OTL and they
were all happy for me so they're like
you still won to us we love you and
we're proud about to well so just to
understand the point of like hating on
me for winning an award I did not bribe
anyone I would have no reason to bribe
anyone I never thought I was going to
win it and it's just what good are you
doing by hating like don't be better be
proud of the people it's a step forward
for all of team Internet if anyone from
the internet is being recognized on
national television it's a big deal and
to be angry and bitter and pissy and
hateful is bringing team Internet back a
step it's just not helpful like don't do
it I don't understand oh my gosh you are
bored
um but anyway I love you guys I'm so
excited that I won the Teen Choice Award
and um I'm just I'm so happy and I love
you guys a lot and I'll see tomorrow
okay
you
