look my bae came oh no my husband saw me
came up with my sister hold on on water
for one second
prank I was sitting over there with my
friends thinking I wish my wife needed
me to be around I wish she like really
craved me being around her but I don't
think she really does and then you call
it out for me I was like I'm so excited
I talk crap about me to people I didn't
say it wasn't saying he was thinking it
oh I thought you said you were talking
to Matt Rebecca you said I was sitting
with my friends I thought you said you
were saying that and I was thinking that
and then when you called out to visit
all she does want me around and when I
came I always want you around and now
you calling me I'm trying to throw me
under the bus in a month and to my
viewers I do need you because I wanna
watch Big Brother alright I'm in North
Hampton I'm so excited it's been so much
fun someone and she bought me shorts and
we have matching shirts over there
tonight and there's my place all right
we're watching Big Brother I gotta go
hey guys so we just finished the show in
Northampton and it's pouring rain
outside it was the weirdest show because
the theatre was 10 billion degrees it
was so hot it was painful on stage and I
was wearing sweatpants no long sleeve
shirt and because it was so hot I think
it affected the audience yes every show
I've had so far every show I've had so
far has been like everyone's been really
positive and like cheering and laughing
in this show they were just really quiet
I think it's because it was so miserable
like truly I think it was because it was
so hot in the theatre it was like you
would sweat if you clapped so they were
really quiet but it was fun it just was
a bummer that it was so hot there was a
couple songs where I literally just sat
there and sang a song sitting because I
was so exhausted and drenched in sweat
now we're driving on to Boston and we're
meeting up with Parker and Bailey and
Jacob and my brother and my
sister-in-law and it's gonna be super
fun and right now we're just
scrapbooking on my bed and we're just
scrapbooking on the bed cuz I scrapbook
everywhere that I go I love doing it and
this is my scrapbook drawer so it's full
of like glue and stickers and glitter
and it's just something I really love to
do every time I travel so that I don't
forget any of the cool moments I'm
having while I'm on the road so that's
what we're up to and Vera headed to
Boston
