hey guys I'm in Columbus no wait where
we know actually Columbus were in
Columbus Ohio
alright soundcheck I just found out that
I got nominated for two Streamy Awards I
was nominated for comedy this is not the
time dude this is not my comedy as
Miranda was nominated I can't even talk
nominated for Best Actress like best
actress or something like that as
Colleen I'm excited that I was nominated
for both as both people because that
means I would have to change in the
middle of the award show I'm gonna like
see Colleen and then I have to change
into Miranda and everyone who's
nominated should win for comedy like I'm
not worthy
considering who I'm nominated with
however if I win Miranda speech will be
such a joke like I like that's like the
main reason I want to win it so I can go
up onstage as Miranda and make a speech
but okay about to go onstage in Columbus
Ohio and then tonight we're driving to
write an intro thing and then I go to
New York and then I see Josh I'm so
excited
alright I'm about to go on stage all I'm
very silent
all right we're back on the bus and John
is eating Doritos like it's his job like
he would die if he doesn't eat them what
think he opened his bag probably three
seconds ago and it's almost no that's a
good king size Jay and Rachel are here
mom isn't she cute and look how cute
this is I got this today I love it so
cute
so we're singing on the bus we're gonna
be up late the dazzling shirts and
watching bachelor in paradise and in
eight hours we'll be in Reading
Pennsylvania which is spelled reading
I'm just throwing it out there Heidi you
can't write me a check for my love
you're cheap you're a cheap whore we are
in Reading Pennsylvania and we are about
to do some check and we had a long bus
ride last night didn't we John seven and
a half seven and a half hours but we're
here as a Sierra in running Pennsylvania
and tonight I see my bag I see my bag my
bag hey my play he's amazing
take some pictures with J is big J is
babe let's do this hi we're in New York
and we have a show tonight
and I'm really excited because I'm with
aunty panties then with aunty panties I
found Parker he was just roaming around
in New York City all by himself
weren't you yeah you're walking around
New York by yourself yeah yeah you just
walk it around
hailing some cabs right yeah no he
wasn't
okay so these family but I'm watching
them right now while everyone and the
family gets in a vain cookies which is
my favorite cookie place in the whole
world
I got cookies alright I'm gonna cook hey
guys so yesterday I was in New York City
August 14th New York City a day we'll
never forget and I did not vlog at all
it was a hectic day Josh finally got
here and my brother and sister-in-law
and Bailey and Jacob Parker over here
and Matt and Rebecca got here and
everyone was in town and it was hectic
backstage and we weren't allowed to film
at the theatre and there's just so many
things so I didn't get to vlog but it
was one of the craziest experiences of
my life
I feel so grateful just for everything I
in the morning I went to Berlin Jazz
Club which is where I did my very first
Miranda performance ever
and I remember the first time I
performed there feeling so like blown
away that I was doing my very own show
in New York City and I cried I was just
so emotional about it and then last
night I got off stage at the Beacon
Theater and Josh hugged me and I just
started like sobbing like crying so hard
because I couldn't believe that like
this is where my life has gone like the
like the lights went on at the finale of
the show and I could see nearly 3,000
people in the Beacon Theatre applauding
for my show and it just kind of blew me
away
and I felt so grateful I don't feel like
there's a word that describes the
feeling that I had so to exact hi I'm
filming um so anyway it was a really
really wonderful experience and my hair
it drove him crazy um it was amazing to
see so many of my close friends in the
audience and to see you guys in audience
and people who have been supporting me
since day one like there are teenagers
that came to my show last night that
literally grew up with me like they were
at those four shows at Birdland and they
came to my show at the Beacon last night
and so it was so cool to see that like
some of you guys have supported me since
the very beginning and the fact that you
were there last night meant the world to
me and you
who you are I love you guys so much you
mean more than me than you'll ever know
the fact that you've stayed with me over
the years during this crazy journey so I
was crazy and Ben Stiller came to my
show last night which was so insane and
his daughter is the sweetest girl on
planet earth and I don't know it just it
was just so much fun and I had a blast
and I'm really grateful and I love you
guys and I know I was a little bit
behind in my vlogs but now I'm up to
speed today um
I am in Northampton am I in Northampton
yep and the North Hampton today we will
show tonight and Matt Rebecca and Josh
are all still here and I'm just happy
I'm great I love you guys and thanks for
watching my videos good of us
