all right so I say we are now in
Milwaukee and Christopher and I are
backstage and I'm trying to teach myself
and we're just fooling around
you
where we gone but do not
our stamina
when the sky is grey hope just hides
away
I'll be your sunburn okay so we just
finished the meeting greet in how come I
can't read where we are we're in
Milwaukee I keep wanting to say
Minneapolis
we're in Milwaukee me and um we I was
given these cream puffs and I'm really
sick my mom just wash the toilet and
somebody say oh they smell so good they
smell so good
look at the like texture of the cream oh
my gosh look at this we gotta get into
it let's get tell her this is my food
hall build if you don't know my gosh
okay here we go
this looks incredible I'm really excited
oh my gosh that's really good
it squirts out the side a lot which
stresses me out any sporting stresses me
out
Lily go
whoa-ha-ha left in a cloud of powdered
sugar came out of your mouth
yeah hey guys it's the next day again I
just I'm so bad at vlogging but it's
hard to vlog while I'm on tour um I'm on
my bus right now and we just finished
the show in Chicago or eating Chicago
style pizza and the bus and there's a
bunch of cutie pies back out right
outside the bus look at all the gifts we
come on tonight the room is like she's
packed do you hear them they're
screaming out there so okay I'm super
excited because tomorrow my friend John
was when my best friend's in the world
he is going to come and come on tour
with us for a week so I'm going to make
him be in the show and I'm just a pursue
/ excited to see him he's really fun and
you guys are gonna get to experience him
as well but for now there's like a bunch
of kids outside and normally security
comes in the bus and is like you can't
go out it's not safe because it isn't
not just for me it's not safe for you
guys cuz people trample each other and
it's just not safe but tonight no
security has told me it's not safe so I
think I'm good to go outside which is
rare occasion these days I feel like one
out of every 20 shows I get to go out
and say hi to you guys so um if that and
so I'm really excited because no one's
told me I'm not allowed yet I really I
really want to go out I want to go out
and have them you can't hug them because
there's like 300 I
you don't whisper hi I'm here and Maria
de campamento
oh my god okay it is 1:30 in the morning
probably 2 a.m. now we're in Cincinnati
we got to them till we checked in we
went we have two rooms so we went up to
the top four we're first room was our
key didn't work so then we went on to
the other floors for the other room we
see Becky work back he didn't want me to
well so then a man had to come let us
into alas into the room there's only one
bed in the room
and look how many of us there are so
then we called them we're like we need a
room with two beds and some they came
home give us new keys to new rooms and
we just went to those rooms and the keys
don't work so now one of the final
numbers oh my god this is so annoying
oh my god hey guys so now we are in Ohio
Danny and I'm with one walking alone and
we are gonna go to a theme park but it's
raining today so I don't know how this
is going to go might be pretty rough so
sorry these BOTS whoa look how different
color my face is to my skin learning we
need a leg
yeah we needed budget Lynn
let's blend and pull everybody take note
this is how drag queens blend alright so
we're in the theme park and it's really
hot and so we decided to come into an
air-conditioned room and put on lots of
clothes now we are all going to be the
men in this Western photo and John is
going to be our whore show the other
side where you got the leg haha oh my
gosh Johnny a bunch of sexy bean
