Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate what up you what a day
his son finally came out we've been here
for three days and the Sun finally came
out today which is the day of the show
which means face day we spend the whole
day in a theatre I'm convinced that I
just there's no way I'm gonna get tan
I'm gonna stay pasty white for the rest
of my life oh just fine but today we
have the show and then I need to go buy
a bunch of prop and then you come back
here and then that's not so lotsa done I
finally got my mom stir up a vlog up
from yesterday and now I'm headed to the
pool dating out with Angela for a couple
hours
excuse me a burger before we go to the
theater I'm so excited - Sun is out
so that's have been out for two days I'm
so excited I'm enjoying the pool today
for the last day at this resort cuz
tomorrow morning with light of Maui it's
beautiful
Angela and Josh just went upstairs to
get ready for the show
I don't know who Rachel Lewis I don't
work quer√≠as that don't know mom and
dad is I finally got ahold of Eric he's
at the beach so I might go over to the
beach but I was just laying out in the
Sun and writing the script for me and
Angela today for the show I'm so excited
me really funny um that'll be fun but
yeah I'm gonna go down to the beach and
try to find mr. Stockland alright I
found him it was too cold so we're back
at the pool the air is hot but the beach
is too cold the ocean - I was too much
of a baby I couldn't know it was so cold
I'm alright guys so I just wanted to
show you I have to go to the theater in
about 10 minutes but I want to show you
what my hotel rooms look like when I'm
on tour first of all I'm a disaster
I'm a mess I'm always a mess always
happen every time I travel anywhere
I even have like these packing cubes
that help me to pack clean and concise
and this is what happens
I'd just open up all the little packing
cubes which are like that but organized
like one has my shirts when it's my
shorts and then just all explodes
everywhere every time without fail then
I have like props and my jewelry
everywhere but like craps for the props
for the show there's like leftover
scraps from Miranda stuff all over the
floor cuz I'm just such a freaking mess
who's the magazine then I was on it's a
magazine it's a newspaper I keep calling
a magazine there was more stuff all over
the room but it's already at the theater
I just want to show you guys how much of
a disaster I am but I also want to take
this moment to appreciate how incredible
this hotel is like I'm so grateful they
are letting me come here and explore and
enjoy this beautiful resort that I mean
the view you guys saw the view the
balcony is incredible my room is
beautiful even though it's disaster
right now but I'll give you guys a
little tour up there because it's
amazing so this is the room
look how big and luscious it is there's
this little sitting area over here that
cute bagel TV over here and beautiful
view huge it's amazing and this is
insane
like we what the heck and then this is
the room it's nice and big is pretty
fans and then the bathrooms nicely
picked it there's this like huge closet
sitting there all these times you like
don't mean to go over everything I'm
eccentric I'm freezing so I'm wearing
cold this is the theater my biggest fans
right there I'm gonna make some more
prompt time we knew his favorite thing
to do in my life choices make a crop top
in each city that I'm in so I'm
currently going to bedazzle
this little t-shirt victory
I earn so many gifts I'm gonna go
through them this lighting is horrible
oh well okay these are so yummy from
Lauren Thank You Lauren these pineapple
losers are like clearly my favorite
thing ever every time I come here thank
you so much
ornaments that hug like haters back off
sit on them
there are ornaments that have like these
are so good ac thanks Casey these are so
yummy look at his leg oh I'm jar of
notes thank you because he is they oh my
god macadamia nut cookies these are
gonna be gone tonight we're gonna eat
these so buy it
macadamia nut chocolates thank you this
is for Tim this is fourth Corrine this
is for Rachel but so it's soap I think
if you make videos so look at Eric's got
a cool turtle look at how cool this is
also a huge bag full of Hawaiian candies
yummy thank you this is amazing Oh cute
is this like a little outfit for the cat
I think it is it's a little Ranger
outfit thank you and I like a jar of you
know wow so much candy Thank You Lane I
think you can look the wrapping paper is
Gus and Daisy thank you Maha it's like
thank you in every language oh my gosh
my mom's a quilter and I know how long
it takes her to make a quote oh my god
is it awkward that my mom is wearing me
thank you guys this is awesome there now
you can see it okay gotta get ready for
the show
good bye look at this fancy outfit I
like Patrick's new shoes this is strange
seeing Patrick not in the white shoes
are you pulling character look his
method
what would Patrick do around Colleen
we'll never know I know I wish I know
that was something I was really excited
about was the idea of like Patrick
seeing Colleen because he's in love with
Miranda macavity interactions coin that
would've been so fun to see and look we
have a Bethany with blonde hair it is
tiny I shall drink mine in like on the
set was enormous
the one on set was like uncomfortable
too right it was it was actually hard to
I would like you tomorrow I'd be like
I'm trying to eat oh yeah we got these
off it's at Target this is a child's
dress and a child sweater because angela
is small this is a woman sweater I back
up to the towel and look at my stomach
it gets covered and go ahead her this
thing because I glue glitter onto like
shirts of whatever city I'm in so I
glued glitter under this Aloha then
throughout the show it falls and I'm
sweating so much that it sticks to my
stomach like all inside of my belly
button that is disgusting it's like
literally tattooed to my stomach it like
what it's a glued on like I've been
trying to get it off and it won't come
off the show was so fun and the audience
is so sweet it was just so much fun
everyone Hawaii every time I come in so
like warm and inviting and nice and like
supportive and I just I love it here it
was a great audience
it was a smaller audience but they were
so excited and like just laughing and
everything like there was they made me
feel really good Angela's Bette and
Eric's but it went really well there was
super super funny and I made Angela
break which was funny she started
laughing on stage and yeah it was really
good so now everyone's gonna come over
and we're gonna hang out here for a
little bit because Angela and Josh go
home tomorrow and the rest of us wake up
really early and go to Maui so we have a
show on Maui in a couple days I'm super
stoked if you haven't gotten tickets and
you live in Maui please hit tickets
because apparently no one in Maui knows
who Marin is yeah love yes and
maybe I'm like a little bit what
everyone comes over
who's naughty or nice
I was gonna start scatting but this also
you have it on giant font
you know what how dare you I I set that
up for my mom to like come and check on
your job I don't have anything going on
in my life
and I remember your second comment
wasn't that long
yeah
