ah it's the next day I'm in Green Bay
and I'm about to do the meet and greet
and that's it okay bye
howdy hol hol
so I haven't blocked it off today I
turns out I cannot sleep on a tour of us
I've been told what look at my hair guys
this is just fashion I've been told it's
really hard to sleep on a tour bus and I
thought I'd be it'd be easy and I could
totally do it and then I couldn't sleep
last night so I sat in bed and every
turn that the driver made I was it
where's he going why did he turn are we
getting off the freeway I'll be there
and so like I just I mean I didn't sleep
at all and then I watched the Sun come
up and then I was like well maybe I can
sleep now that the bus stopped but then
I couldn't it's just bad
so I didn't sleep at all I slept from
like 8 a.m. to 11:30 so dollar busy
this morning anyway I'm riveted the show
tonight
was good it went better than it did
yesterday I'm in Green Bay and tonight
we're going to where we going tonight
where we going
are we winning Milwaukee
I actually have no idea where we're
going yeah we're going for a walk we're
going to Milwaukee so we're driving to
Milwaukee now I feel I feel better about
the show tonight
it still feels rocky I still get really
nervous before the show it's a whole new
show it's different I'm worried that
it's not like funny that it's actually
just like I don't know I don't just want
to get up on stage and like make people
scream but not entertain them like I
want the show to be funny I want people
to think it's a good quality show I want
people to leave the show thinking like
oh she's she's talented like she that
was a great show she worked hard on that
and I feel like right now I don't know
that people would walk away thinking
that I felt confident after the
self-help tour that I did last year that
people could walk away and be like oh
she's a talented person or she's a funny
person this show I feel like sort of
like they'll leave and just be like
she's a youtuber who
said catchphrases to make a scream all
night but I am nervous it's like not
actually funny content anyway that's my
inner most thoughts for the evening my
sparkly Moran outfit is on the floor and
I'm starting to collect stuff that you
guys give me at shows and put it in the
room so someone gave me all these
pictures of my family and I put them on
the wall and then this awesome Maranda
stuffed animal thing I don't even know
what it is
and then someone drew that of me and
Josh kid seems up in the wall and then
there's this picture there's this jar of
like love notes and then this someone
painter drew this of my grandpa I guess
it's a painting it says you are my
sunshine isn't that amazing I almost
cried when she gave it to me it was so
thoughtful so sweet and so um I loved it
because I didn't think to bring anything
with me in the tour bus to help me to
remember my family back home and to make
it feel like homey and warm inside in my
little room so the fact that you guys
are giving me stuff that I can like put
up and I don't know I just you guys know
me so well I I just love it it's I
really do feel like we're like buddies
and you guys know me better than anyone
you give me things I like I love and can
use and mean so much anyway bla bla bla
my mom is taking off her clothes right
now I'm not kidding she's getting naked
right in front of me mom you're such a
scandal
did you have fun on stage yes I did I
still feel like a dork I don't know
anything well we are all dorks Miranda's
a dork and the audience is just so
amazing I know are you having fun or
zits 207 a blast your boobs look good
he's already so it is 11:00 at night and
I am bright red yes is lighting a sign I
know why am i red because are you you
just decided to stop at Wendy's because
obviously so there oh it's over here
let's see there's the Wendy's there's
Wendy's and it's gonna be in my mouth
soon and I'm so happy I dip my french
fries in my chocolate frosting am i
weird there we thinks it's ready Josh I
can't wear some what I know thinks
that's nasty why every liquid has ever
existed it has spilled on me today
what got spoonie's today so far you spit
milk I mean I had beer spilled on me and
then I figured out that the shower was
running on my suitcase and now some
sausages festival about me great day for
me because I'm in a great day guys right
