hey guys so I am starting my bus tour
which is so exciting but we're starting
off with the book signing in Minneapolis
we're at the Mall of America and I'm
gonna vlog while I'm on tour and that is
all I have to say but there's Rachel
doing lunges because that's what she
does best look at all these books
alrighty so I'm obviously now Miranda
and I'm about to go meet a bunch of
cutie pies I've never been to Mall of
America
although I'm kind of sad that I don't
see them all of America I just get to
see like the one place that I'm sitting
in but excited Christopher I'm so
excited
let's see that it's Mall of America
well it's magically the next day because
I'm the worst vlogger ever but last
night you probably wouldn't have wanted
to see me anyway because I was so super
stressed so we're backstage in
Minneapolis and we're in camp Miranda
shirts camp Miranda I'm so excited I'm
so excited about this show I'm really
nervous like super nervous but I'm
really excited and we have these
friendship bracelets I finally got to
see them the friendship bracelet is like
rainbow colors and has a purple heart
that represents me and a lipstick that
represents Miranda and then my plan and
my hope is that you guys will get them
at the show and we'll have matching
bracelets and then you guys can add
beads that represent you and your
friends and yeah I don't know I just I
thought it was key idea I'm really
excited about and hopefully you guys
will bring me beads to add to my
bracelets too on tour so anyway I have
to go on stage I'm really scared of mind
over something like say okay
so we just finished the first show I
think I went well there's a lot of stuff
I want to change and fix I'm still
wearing my Miranda camp shirt and Jay
and I got to the bus before everyone
else and our bus is parked across the
street from all of America so I came
with a mom America we went to series I'm
like I got a new thing from my bed in
the bus so we're gonna deck out the bus
tonight I'm super excited and I got the
new brand-new pillows for my mom and my
sister because they like extra pillows I
think well how do you think what Jay it
did it was better than I thought it was
gonna go which is good by the way Jay is
filming a documentary for me which is so
exciting so that's why Jays on tour and
make sure to go subscribe to Jay and
follow him on Twitter and Instagram and
all that stuff and I'm making Jay edit
this so Jay put all your stuff here oh
your Instagram your tutor things of you
promote ya promote yourself so go follow
Jay cuz he's awesome and you can get
updates on the documentary and all the
information already I'm gonna go back on
the bus okay so I'm on the bus
see here's this little there's little
copies heart disease
let's go okay I have this front area of
the bus which has like a little table
and some couches and a nice little sink
we have our fridge and then in here we
have the cubbies where people sleep and
then back here we have the princesses
quarters I just bought this little blue
thingy for the bed isn't it pretty
so Rachel and I will sleep back here
maybe even Rachel me and my mom and then
with Josh gets here Josh and I will sit
back here so isn't that cute this is
what I'm gonna live for like a month
it's crazy this is so weird
alrighty it is midnight what time is it
I don't know it's 11:30 and I'm
Christopher miss Russia and like I got
pictures up on the wall right there's
only one of me a father and well you're
with me I feel good about the show I
we're working on it we're changing some
stuff because I feel like it needs a lot
of work but I'm happy that that's the
first show out of the way
and now we're headed to Green Bay which
I found of course that was the wrong
Packers Erin Roger is the quarterback he
is number two
fantasy football who you should pick
Tier one no idea what you said but I
will see you guys later
I'm gonna try to talk every single day
on to where you work we'll see what
happens three guys
