a little bathroom banter show that I
just made up I'll probably never do
again this is what I look like when I
got shot guys how about you I posted at
the bathroom banter video last night and
you guys really have an app some people
liked it and thought it was really great
and some people like men like this to
hear a normal box I need change and I
I'm not going to not do normal vlogs
ever again so I'm gonna do my regular
vlogs too when I have the time but um I
haven't had time lately to do it so this
is an alternative that is gonna have to
work for now um we are going to Mexico
tomorrow yeah we're really excited about
it we're going to a city we've never
been before in Mexico called a hidden
world is called I need a pack because my
crap is everywhere and we have to throw
stuff away because not everything fits
in our suitcases because we bought some
stuff while we were here nail clippers
that I broke because I bought a bathing
suit here and they left the freaking
metal detector thing on it I bought it I
did not steal it but it's so that people
don't steal things and I tried to cut it
off with my nail clippers and they
shattered in half
do you guys coach you're doing it on
right after you shower or do you just do
it in the mornings I just do it right
after I shower is that weird
is it on what you do tell me like this
lip gloss and I reuse it garbage my
wedding band that I bought for two
dollars because I don't think has
watched Josh's vlogs but we explained it
so I don't have a wedding band right now
so this is all I have right now I'm
supposed to have a wedding band on once
you get married you're supposed to have
a band and I didn't get one because I
want it specially made by people who
made this one in Georgia and so I'm
getting made in a couple months so until
then I bought this like crappy one for
two bucks and turned my finger green and
it's like rusting already that's garbage
this riveting I wore this in my hair
tonight because Josh and I decided to
redo some vows on the beach today
because when we got married we said I
will
we didn't say I do and there's a few
other things that we didn't say that
Josh really wanted to say and on the
airplane ride to Hawaii Josh don't tell
him I told you but he totally cried and
he was like having postpartum depression
is what he compared it to but for his
wedding he was sad it was over and he
was sad that it didn't go exactly how he
wanted it to go and so I promised him we
would say I Do's on the beach so we did
it tonight and it was a little over a
year so I think I'm going to save it and
put it in our scrapbook because we're
doing
okay all right let's see what else I can
throw away nail polish remover don't
need it totally keeping this do you guys
have this smell it's Victoria Secret T's
and it's like outrageous it smells so
good
Josh loves every time I wear it - like
kinds of good bad happy you say hey
these are my life best things that ever
happened to me these little nail polish
remover pads they are magical and I
bought them a month right back see most
people I feel like going a few minutes
in a while and crazy I had like the time
of their lives being with drunkards and
hookers and I am having the time of my
life however I am filming myself
throwing away some toiletries oh man
like I feel like that is not normal if
you're wondering what I'm doing I'm
putting a bandaid on my towel so live in
it up why don't we launch again I swear
this location in this lighting I'm just
an oompa loompa like I've shifted over
isn't this riveting Josh Groban is
playing Josh Groban is one of the first
concert I ever went to what's really
funny is I went to this Josh Groban
concert when my best friends in college
and guess who else was out that Josh
Groban concert Joshua he was the same
Josh Groban concert as me I think he was
on a date with his girlfriend at the
time and I was there with a bunch of
friends and he was like way in the back
and I was my friend I was 17 I met Josh
I was 22 it's not crazy we were in the
same place watching the same concert at
the same time five years before we met
in person we had no idea
is it weird I love stuff like that
almost done packing up my fish there's
so much ham a hairbrush hmm oh my god
that is disgusting anyway no good I'm
putting this on it so it's like sitting
outside and I'm about to go to the beach
I don't get to use delicious smelling
nice shampoo like every other girl on
the planet I have to use dermatology
shampoo because my scalp is disgusting
and it's super embarrassing and I hate
talking about it but I'm going to anyway
anything this went on so I have to use
this therapeutic shampoo scalp buildup
control it's so nasty
it smells like tar I'm supposed to use
there's two versions of it there's
another kind of like black and it is
tart smells like tar it's disgusting but
it's the only thing won't work on my
hair if I don't use it my hair gets like
super painful my scalp gets super
painful like really itchy really painful
and like scabby pasty like it is
freaking disgusting and it's the most
embarrassing thing in the world like
truly like I cried about it for months
because I was so embarrassed by my hair
and my scalp and it's the only thing
that will work and it smells horrible
and if I don't use it like even one time
if I wash my hair with another
shampoo my hair will do that it's awful
and it's really embarrassing and do any
of you guys have anything like that or
like there's something that you like
medical reason you have to use something
like as Sobor shampoo or acne medication
or your type of makeup it makes me mad
because shampoo smells so good and I
love when girls get out of the shower
and they just smell fresh and fruity and
it's nice and I get all this shower and
I smell like a tart soap to ogre it's
horrible
all right what I'm filming what are you
even saying right now I'm going through
my bag what'd it sound like you're put
through up oh I went through all the
stuff in the bathroom and I'm with that
so now I'm gonna go through my back and
I'm gonna say bye to you hang on my
husband my husband that's of me so let's
go through my backpack I have money
let's see how much money I just have
floating around I have some Polaroid
film drugs drugs makeup foundation that
is very uncool Impa colored owe money
from New Zealand I wasn't what I was I'm
in New Zealand tampon highlighter
garbage i'm miranda bobby pin an earring
that i probably don't have the match to
who a pretty lip color hello
this is super cute i like that
that's pretty bobby pins randolph a glue
stick oh my god this is pretty too super
pretty
yeah Josh just listen to is that a boy
band you see who's this backstreet a
charger for something more tampons a
ticket to Melbourne Newark Oslo my
passport because I'm going to Mexico
that was the stuff that was in my
backpack now I'm going to show you what
i'ma put in but this videos gonna take
25 minutes long and you're gonna just
have to deal with it my Polaroid camera
because I've been doing taking a lot of
Polaroids on this trip because Josh and
I are keeping a scrapbook which is
really cute of us cuz we're cute people
but I'm my brother when he my brother on
his honeymoon went to Europe and they
scrap up the whole thing and it's so
cool and I've always been really jealous
of that I thought that was such a good
idea to scrapbook while you're on your
honeymoon so that you're remembering all
the memories cuz a lot of people
scrapbook but a scrapbook later like
they get all the pictures printed um but
I think it's fun to do it during your
time it's just so great like I'm so
happy about it so since we wanted
pictures immediately I brought this
Polaroid and a bunch of film for it so
been riding in it everyday and I write
and he writes our plane tickets a
picture of us on the plane I want to
take this and and we write like lists so
like Josh put things he loved and things
he hated on like the first day um we
draw pictures in it it's just oh I love
this so much and like we put little like
things that's like we both have these
matching koa rings which I showed you in
the last video and so we have this
little like paper that explains what the
KO ring means and so it's just so fun
so whenever like here these will like
here and here you wrote down fun
memories we went to a fancy dinner last
night and cut it short because we were
so tired I fell asleep by 10:00 we are
so old like look how cute so it Care is
from July 8 and there's just fun
pictures of us at the pool like this one
is special to me because um we're just
sitting at the pool on some lady walked
up to us and she saw Josh like hugging
me and cuddling me and she was like you
guys look so cute can I please take a
picture of you
so I don't know there's just a lot of
fun memories like that in here so all
that being said this was with me
everywhere I go because whenever I'm
bored or sitting on the plane or sitting
in a restaurant or when I wake up like I
just write in it I take a picture
whatever is happening and explain kind
of what's going on in that moment and I
highly recommend it like for anything
your life not for even a special
occasion but just like to have in your
life because little moments that don't
mean much to you right now
like if you went to dinner tonight with
your mom like that doesn't seem like a
big deal but a year from now you would
look back on that fondly and remember
conversations you had with there that
were special and so I just I really
really liked scrapbooking it and I
strongly recommend it so I'm gonna put
this in my backpack I'm gonna keep
packing thanks for watching guys umm a
lot of you were not too happy with these
type of videos and that's okay you don't
have to watch them that's why I like the
second channel so I can put whatever I
want and I don't I'm not worried too
much about what I post on here I'm just
going to post whatever so umm because
you don't like these videos don't watch
them and I'll start posting normal vlogs
too eventually but for now this is what
I'm going to post everyone's wrong when
I find a time so um yeah hope you liked
it I love you guys and I'll talk to you
later I don't know when but it might be
a bathroom banter video it might be a
vlog it might be something else anyway
