hello welcome to bathroom banter show I
just made up and I'll probably never do
again it's a show where I banter a while
I'm in the bathroom doing my makeup or
hair or nails Lauren pooping showering I
look my burning stuff here's deal guys I
haven't walked in a very long time on
the show I can post anything on this
channel on time and I really like doing
girly things like my makeup in my hair
but people don't like it when I post
this up on my main channel so I'm
opposed to here and if you don't watch
that I just don't have to watch but I'm
just going to sit and chat and talk to
you guys about stuff going on in my life
stuff that I'm passionate about whilst I
do girly things in the bathroom so let
me make myself not as ugly I just found
this new makeup that I'm obsessed with
I started using this new makeup and it's
incredible guys guess what I don't think
this is supposed to be for foundation
I'm or red bull I am NOT being a hero
but I'll tell you this much I love this
foundation I don't have to wear
concealer with this I look like you guys
know how to contour because I don't well
I look WAY Oringer in this video than I
do in real life I know today I need to
do my hair before it dries so first I
brunch
thank you and brunch it really long
cruel keeper because I won't so
housewife of New Jersey right now so
we're in Maui right now on our honeymoon
and we're trying to figure out where to
go next
cuz we are supposed to be in Fiji that
didn't work out and we ended up randomly
coming to Maui which has been incredible
that there's huge storm coming and we
have another week so we're thinking
about going to Mexico or no but there's
a big like hurricane coming over all of
Hawaii so we want to get out of Hawaii
this weekend just don't know guy and
this is a prepping conversation look if
I polarize I look like I'm building a
really
oh my god I actually have a receding
hairline getting older is fun
let's just shut up what I said look we
just showed up it's Josh one he's going
to take a shower
honeyBun exclusive look out red are you
you got so burned
how should I going on a date tonight so
I am going to go all out with my makeup
oh my god I love it you're about to be
shower in the background I just got this
new palette from Sephora and I also
support that I've been using
and it to think naturalized very it's
called sex bra so how appropriate for a
honeymoon so Josh and I just decided
that we're going to go to Mexico which
is kind of exciting we've never been to
this city we're going to everyone's
heard of it we need to book our flights
cuz we're leaving in two days so the
reason I didn't go to PD is because we
looked through like a honeymoon website
and the travel agent basically told us
that it was like everything we'd want it
was on the beach it was very private
that's a Honolulu and we did some
research on the hotel and realized it's
not only what we wanted at all there was
so much to do there rains a lot there's
like the rainiest island in Fiji I don't
know what I'm doing really well okay Oh
plundering and hold on I better get back
the four seasons is incredible and I
just randomly people want to be come in
and make a pretty display for so I don't
know what they're doing another room
decided to show you in a minute I just
put on an eyeliner and I mean finish it
oh my god you guys I've just pause doing
my makeup because I want to show you
what they just love oh my god okay look
this lighting is so far okay so every
day that we've been here at the four
seasons they've like surprised us with a
little like special thing in our room so
ice walked out and this is what they
left and it's so cute and it's
directions on how to open up a coconut
I think it's chocolate oh my god it's
covered in chocolate oh my god this is
gorgeous
huh I love it here so much I mean look
at this it is insane how pretty it is
here anyway back to my makeup so I
finished my eyes kind of and josh is
still make it in the shower I just need
you my lips
so this is the finished product for now
I'll show you what it looks like when my
hair is all done oh I'll ghosts I just
thought it would be fun to kind of do
stuff like this every day because it'll
be easy for me to edit and click as
opposed to like a real full blog those
are hard for me to edit and they just
are a little bit more time-consuming and
Josh is blogging every day so if you
want to see our days you can just go to
his channel but for me like every day
I'm doing my makeup and hair and just
sitting alone in the bathroom I might as
well be filming myself and chat with you
guys and hang out until a story so today
I want to talk about this ring that I
have oh my god my nails I'm four years
old look at my nails this ring
Joshua's engagement ring was too small
for him so we bought him a new
engagement ring when we are in Honolulu
and I decided I wanted a matching one
because his ring looks exactly like this
and it doesn't really match my
engagement ring so um we bought one for
me too and so now we have matching rings
from Hawaii and I just think that's so
special and so cool and I love it and
yeah so anyway
alright I'm gonna let my hair air dry
and then I'll see you in a minute my
hair is pretty much dry ish now my
slippery wet butt anchor because we're
going to dinner soon so I think I going
to be done so what I do in my headaches
at this point where it's like pretty
much dry it's not even close actually
like still very much I use this curling
iron which is the type where you wrap
the hair around it
Conair probably like 15 bucks in to CBS
cuz I'm a cheap-ass mom so I just take
the frizzy pieces like this and just
wrap it I just kind of touch up the
frizzy bits stuff like the wedding it
was really hard for me to enjoy the day
and I think it happened to the most
Brides most Brides like are a little too
like overwhelmed - like really enjoy it
and that's kind of how I felt
I it was weird like I we had like a
whole week with our families beforehand
um it was super awesome you love to hang
out with everyone but it made it like
crazy exhausted the day of the wedding
we were just like zombies because we
were so tired from like basically being
hosts for an entire week before the
wedding the night before the wedding I
just like broke down and started crying
not because I used like was scared I was
excited to get married I just was
overwhelmed because I didn't have my
time to like
I don't know you guys are but I need to
have my time where I'm like fetching out
on the couch watching Netflix in my
pajamas and not talking to anyone
and I didn't get that like a whole week
I could be worse and I'm not complaining
cuz I left having everyone there but it
was just hard to like not have my normal
routine because I was busy being a host
so by the time the wedding came around I
was just really tired and it was hard
for me to enjoy it and then at the
actual ceremony I put my own hair and I
tried to do hair extensions for the
first time on my own and they looked
good but they're clip-ins and they just
weren't comfortable like I didn't like
feeling that good something pulling on
my head and then the dress the dress is
a corset and it was really tight on my
ribs and so the dress was not
comfortable
my hair was uncomfortable and
it's just an uncomfortable thing to get
married like it's just stressful and
weird and but overall the wedding went
really really well we had so much fun
once the ceremony was over and the
reception started I just partied and I
ripped out all my hair extensions and
just pinned my hair up really fast and
partied and it was the most fun night of
my life and I drink champagne all night
and then we sat by the fire and talked
and had Taco Bell and it was just it was
really really wonderful it was a great
great day so you know stressful I loved
it
now my hair is nice and big actually to
put on an outfit and I'll be ready for
my date man um 6:20 we've in an hour all
right so I'm gonna show you my different
outfit well we went out together
yeah let's go try it on
we had a few options here ready I think
it looks too much like a bra here
this seems like a bra and I like a shirt
this one what are your thing my problem
is this is too big on me
it's God coochie-coochie-coo and it
should be like American baggy back I
don't know I think this one is
Tigard there's my match as well
why do later but there you go that's my
video for today um do you think do you
like this idea of we'll call it bathroom
banter where I just kind of have you
guys in the bathroom with me and we talk
and hang out I think if I do it they'll
have more time to upload more often
because right now I don't have time to
like film and edit vlog but this might
feel a bit easier I don't know they call
things you're thinking I love you guys
I'm gonna go have a date goodbye
