hi all right we are in Stockholm now we
woke up after only a few hours sleep and
flute from Brussels to Amsterdam and
from Amsterdam to Stockholm an hour in
Stockholm and we have like an hour to
eat and then go to sound check and there
is a poodle on my wall that is so fierce
that is a fierce poodle the look at the
view from my room like this is madness
so pretty look at this so in the YouTube
content one says I really need to you
you are in the minute she's nobody she's
very nice to me
just she have to pet me to be your
friend all right I'm trying to convince
Lee to come onstage tomorrow night come
on show they're not ready from adults
Palooza
oh really I've never seen them oh yeah
I've stopped horse and I started them oh
my gosh
Swede
what's new pussycat
whoa that's me trying to stay awake
we just finished show it went really
well and now we're gonna do the
meet-and-greet and then I'm going to
sleep for a million hours alrighty
show is over and it was a lot of fun and
it's always fun and I didn't like my job
and I like you guys and that's all the
things that are on my brain
Rochelle seized and you're eat that look
how cool this theater isn't as cool I
don't I've seen like I know I liked this
one a lot it was a good one yes hi guys
I'm filming I love you I miss you so
much I know Sam Parker do you want to
see something I have a present do you
want to see the present
look what I got Parker it's a little
moose oh do you like all right so I'm
skyping right now with my family and we
are trying all well I am trying all the
candies you guys gave me tonight with
them so right now we're trying this one
what is this one Bailey Dame and it
looks like this are you guys gonna smell
it
how does it smell you are correct it
totally smells chocolate e let's try it
looks crunchy and it's delicious oh my
goodness I mean this is deliciousness
that's never a word you should use when
talking about food all right it's the
final day of this little tour
we are still in Stockholm and we're
spending the day here we have a show
tonight so I'm going to explore a little
bit for the next couple our name then -
she would and then you show tonight
all right throughout this museum and
there's this huge ship that sank in the
1600 and then they just pulled it up the
1950s and it is crazy
it's raining and now we're at an
amusement park
what is this day
I'm so eccentric phone swings we go way
up high in the air
okay this is really fun I do not care
this is really really fun okay that ride
was insane it was called insane and it
was so fun it was amazing but I couldn't
sell him on it because I would have
killed someone I would've brought my
camera all right we got to go to sound
check that was really random and really
fun and now I don't know how I'm gonna
sing these I should scream so much this
is so weird cuz this is gonna be the
last time I do this show Rachel it's
touching my butt right now
help you up the stairs um I think a
couple things I'll keep for the next
show that made me sort through neck I
don't know but I don't have a show for
two months I'm gonna go home I don't
want to get married and then I'm going
on my book tour and then I'm going on my
bus tour and the bus tour is a different
show that I haven't written yet but it's
gonna be like a summer camp so it's
weird knowing that this show is not
gonna be happening anymore it's very
well we finished the final show and I
feel so weird
like so weird there's a lot of things
I'm like oh my gosh am I never gonna do
that again like so weird I know that the
show in Seattle that I'm doing I'm gonna
bring back a lot of the old stuff but
the bus tour is gonna be almost
completely new so it's just so weird
it's so crazy but the show is really fun
tonight
the audience is cool and I just so I
just don't know I feel like I have no
words it's really cool that my life is
this the fact that I'm in Sweden right
now of all places and like I just feel
so grateful that I get to do this and
that I get to travel the world and I
just think it's so cool that there are
people all over the world that watch my
videos and that people all over the
world have become friends because of the
internet because of YouTube not just
because of me but just because of the
Internet in general like I feel like it
every fandom whether you're fan of Tyler
Oakley or Ricky Dillon or you know
Michelle Phan or like whoever you might
be watching on the Internet you guys
become friends through like Twitter and
Facebook because you all watch the same
videos and I just think that is so cool
and it's so cool that I get to be a part
of this like new thing in life like the
Internet is just such an awesome place
I'm very very happy that I get to be
part of this so thank you and I'm in
Sweden right now and it was super fun
but everyone here there are a lot of
people at the show tonight who travelled
really really far like people from
Germany from Finland like from
everywhere so my question to you is
where should I go next because I was
talking with my team today about where
to go next year we want to come back to
Europe and travel but I don't know where
I should go because I don't know where
people are watching my videos so go to
my facebook miranda page because that's
where like my agent kind of checks out a
lot to see where I should go next so I
would like to show him so go to my
Marana Facebook page and write a comment
saying hey Miranda I think you should do
a show here and
I just want to see where I should go
next year because we're starting to plan
to her so hopefully I'll be back next
year with like Josh and my mom and I am
so freaking excited to go home and marry
Josh because that's why this tour ended
that is why I'm going home and it is
crazy to think that a month from now I
will be clean Evan oh my god that is so
cool I love you guys I've got to go to
bed and wake up a row early tomorrow and
phy home to my bay I'm so excited
love you goodbye I love you I feel all
the fields
