hey guys today is a super super super
exciting day my mom if we'll ever focus
on that one is sweet from the chandelier
and Rachel hi and we're meeting up with
my brother and sister LAN their three
cute kids and we are at oh my gosh look
at it's a it's Mike Wazowski on the back
of someone's car I'm very excited to be
here we get to see a special screening
of the movie inside out and I'm so
excited
so let's go guys I'm super excited
hello this morning the scenes from Pixar
studios I thought of a great new movie
we can make it's called
Miranda sings it's a bounce line but no
box
all righty so I am just like right now
I'm making a couple videos here I am so
excited this is the coolest office I've
ever seen in my life just so many toys
see this is why I window appears ready
to get rid of your toys
you shouldn't because you can just put
them in your office oh my god you just
push the button and the door oh my god
no way this is like my childhood dream
I'll pass it around relax
oh my gosh because it's Antigua Lucky
seven Andrew Gordon got his office and
noticed on the blueprints which refer
that there was this weird dead space
behind his office he convinced the
facilities guys like let me let me use
it and so he got this guy that nefeli
who was here before built these
bookshelves her on the door and my car
buyer on it and he just on his own with
carbonyl dildo oh my god you know comes
through here you know all the voices we
bringing home Amy Poehler anybody comes
in through here would come in here
maybe we'll have a drink or relax a
little bit or just shut the door at high
everybody has these guys in there mark
questions
oh it's called inside out and you can
see that it's about joy this is joy and
her job is to keep everybody has these
little characters in their body and
their job is to make you feel things so
joy makes you feel happy so if you're
how do you feel right now
yeah and that joy right now is doing her
job can you kill if you said probably
joy too if you felt scared to be fear
you ever get scared you know if I get
scared of the dark
that's fear and if you feel angry like
you don't want to eat your broccoli or
something speaking of broccoli if you're
disgusted if you don't want to eat
something because it's yucky disgusting
horse sadness here if you ever need to
cry if they all live a little girl and
Riley and Riley's this here
she's his cute little girl and she's 11
years old and joy has always been in
charge and she's 11 and things are
changed she's moved you know to cities
and now she's not his happiest used to
be and for joy is struggling with that
that's what Wow oh my god I've never
been more serious in my life
it sounds so incredible I'm so excited I
might feel like I'm already about to cry
at me watch a movie this is where they
record all the Pixar movies all the
voice-over stuff
there are Konak ok the line is you are a
toy you are one more can i logger to
infinity and beyond to Andy Andy yeah
Greg even louder oh we need something to
sell banana I can't really run bananas
what I'm really loud perfect
look how puffy my eyes like from crying
that movie it was so good oh my god you
guys Wow
that's I think it's my favorite Pixar
movie look at my eyes like I was crying
the whole time from happiness from
sadness from like it just oh it was so
good go see that movie go see inside out
it is incredible I left it feeling what
you think of the movie Jake did you like
the movie are you you just wanted to
give him a hug and a high-five
why are you the cutest Rachel did you
like the movie I loved it I thought it
was so good
what you think the whole time so he was
calling beautiful yeah see like your mom
I loved it did you cry
absolutely we're drawing this anger
ticket can I see yours
you guys we just learned how to draw a
character from inside out who did you
draw Pizza Pizza
did you drop Mickey Mouse did you drop
me came out oh my gosh look we just
showed up that is Parker hey daddy he
right there excited okay so awesome
I know it's okay wow that was one of the
coolest experiences ever that was
honestly one of the best days of my life
and now they're so happy that they're in
love
Rachel's so exhausted that she fell
asleep my mom is being awesome and daddy
how did you like it dad was only at
Pixar for like three minutes but he
loved it too baby sister
San Francisco this window is very dirty
but seriously that was one of the most
wonderful movies I've ever seen was such
a positive great message for not just
for kids for everyone like it teaches
everyone that it's important to feel
your emotions and express yourself and
express your emotions and all emotions
are good not just happiness is a good
one it's important to feel sadness and
frustration and anger they all work
together and I just I just loved it it
was so good go see the movie it comes
out on June 19th go to the theaters and
watch it because it's just absolutely
incredible it is so inspiring I'm gonna
go see it again like eight more times
because I loved it so so so much I'm
very passionately excited about this
movie I was just talking to my dad about
it and was like sobbing talking about
how amazing it is
and thank you Disney for letting me go
from the day at Pixar it was one of the
best days of my life one of the best
experiences and to be able to go there
with my whole family I'm super
appreciative that you let me do that so
Thank You Pixar Thank You Disney I am on
cloud nine and it was just it was one of
the best experiences ever it's a
wonderful company with great employees
and phenomenal movies so thank you and I
love you guys and I'll see you soon go
watch the movie go see inside out I love
you bye
