bringing today we're going to go to the
Anne Frank House and we're going to go
to Van Gogh Museum and then we're going
to sound check and do a show and then
tomorrow morning we're taking a train to
Antwerp that's the plan for today and
let me tell you guys one of my favorite
things about coming to Europe drinking
cappuccinos because they are better here
than they are in the States a hundred
percent and they're even better in
Australia
no offence everywhere else in the planet
Australia has the best cappuccinos on
the planet because they sprinkle like
delicious dark chocolate on the top but
this is pretty damn good
as you would imagine the line is like
excruciating ly long to get into the
imprint count I don't think we have time
to see today because we have a show
tonight
and I can't wait in line longer than
like a group will hours and this looks
like it's going to be a more than a
couple hours you guys really confused
there's a house those
caper this what is happening
I mean it's not ugly here like at all
like it's one of the most beautiful
places ever seen I'm obsessed with it I
cannot believe we have to leave tomorrow
morning I'm really upset about it on the
red-light district and I feel at home
oh we have 20 minutes before we can go
up in this tower and butt
around here rendered light districts the
only thing around here is checks me
damage so naturally we're in it for 20
minutes here we have GLaDOS which are
same I feel like there's no way this
video is not going to get flagged like
this vlog is not going to be able to
exist on the internet cuz straight-up
porn in this video first of all Disney
would not be happy with this for many
reasons but the main reason is not this
the main reason is there is more than
seven forms in this room for networks
this is implying that these two will be
doing it there is no way that that man
is interested in what she's got not at
all look at his turnout
well I did that all right so now we're
about to climb this tower
this has been an interesting time
Oh ball back it up down let me see
you
flower market your mother
in this magical land
shamon you are so cool
I love it here how many times have I
said that a bird almost just hit me in
the head and I didn't move flinch that's
how great it is an Amsterdam
you don't flinch when birds hit you in
the face god I love it here it's just
too good I like it is too good this is
the only part of the van Gogh Museum I'm
allowed to know
that girl posing for days however I'm
looking at some freaking credible
paintings this is really cool you like
better part
I should have said being with you
I'm gonna make them call you a lot come
again Ola okay so I'm back at the hotel
and I have the worst cramps in the world
maybe too much information sorry guys
but it's true everyone else is the
theater and I'm like dying in bed and
it's so much pain okay I'm still really
happy to be here and the van Gogh Museum
was so cool it's so crazy that I looked
at paintings that he painted so long ago
like this I don't know it just blew my
mind and it looks so I can't words what
are they my life just seems really
unreal and I feel really grateful and
really just excited like I walk around
the streets that I'm just like I can't
believe I'm here this is so cool and I
just I constantly feel lucky so um just
thank you
I do this every time I go anywhere I'm
always just like so cushy to you guys
I'm like thank you so much but like I
genuinely mean it like I'm so grateful
that I have this life and I get to like
make videos for you guys and travel the
world and perform and just thank you
because if it weren't for you I wouldn't
get to do stuff like this and I just I
feel really really really happy and
grateful so thank you and um yeah I
don't know I just I feel really happy um
I also want to talk to you guys about
something oh god if I grab I talked
about it a little bit in my vlog
yesterday but I want to talk about it
again today so last year I asked you
guys to call Leigh Leigh the leprechaun
and then a couple days ago on a vlog I
said comma fairy huh and I was totally
joking and like he genuinely does hate
it and it at first it was like supposed
to be a joke and I thought it would last
like a week just if you want to follow
me please follow him he loves you guys a
lot and he loves me and at least I think
he does I hope it does I'm genuinely
asking guys please stop calling him that
now it was my fault
I'm not blaming you I blame me
completely because I asked you to do it
but from now on I'm asking you to please
just like leave nice comments and tell
him how cool he is and great he is and
that like you like his pictures and you
like him like don't make fun of him
anymore because he works so hard for me
and he's
really good at his job and I just I
don't want him to feel like I'm just
constantly making fun of them because I
secretly love him a lot but don't tell
I'm Matt I'm going to go to sound check
now
great I am in Amstelveen right now all
the hate on
all right we just finished the show and
meet greed and it's like 11:30 at night
oh my good
I do a Q&A at the meet and greets now
before we take pictures and I really
love doing it I truly enjoy to have so
much fun it's like doing a live
Colleen's corner and tonight something
really interesting happened
they asked multiple questions like are
you happy like truly right now in this
moment are you happy and another girl
asked me how are you like genuinely like
how are you today someone asked what are
you looking forward to the most in your
life with Joshua like all the questions
were so and cute and charming I don't
know I just really loved I love the show
tonight I love the audience and I love
it here and I love you this seats really
wet all right we're going through the
presents we got so much crazy stuff but
what we got the most of was food so much
food
look at this all these snacks and sweets
and I just I don't even know what most
of this stuff is okay I got a lot of
these hmm what I was a Chuck me be
crispy it's real bad missing you wanna
put it over a collar
mmm gonna be so bad maltose and all your
new missus to me okay next we have these
balls what are they a recipe to make
hollyball Wow I think that's a recipe
Mike okay
hey hey you I didn't know so I'm an
idiot and we're gonna move on to the
next thing
what's this there's bread there you can
put them on bread crinkles you put
sprinkles on bread we don't listen to
anything at school junior I can't
understand you because of your accent
aqil smack - oh my god it's literally a
box of sprinkles
literally an entire box of sleek this
huge box is just sprinkles can I pour
them in your eyes even bonamana buys
whoa whoa it's a tea cake yeah is it to
go jury but the bottom you know what is
not good eating this and having a huge
whiff of pepperoni pizza what's this oh
that's Romy
I wanna try it so we have a Dutch snack
for Rachel think it's licorice a yeah
when did you throw your just said that's
my Kristen um we got this Dutch snack
for it so you never never said that it
was licorice what's this
oh that was it'll be on a giant giant
giant I got this Tony's chocolate and I
was told it's like the best chocolate in
the world do you think this is
incredible a chocolaty is amazing and I
think it's all fair trade and everyone's
treated to me as saying who make it what
did you that was zero that was English I
feel like I might get a golden ticket
when I was oh Rachel my head is in the
way so when you did that motion do it
again mmm chocolatey that's good
Jen this is incredible I'm gonna close
out this vlog I love you guys I'll see
you tomorrow when we go to end war
