good morning we finally have time to see
the sights in Norway this is home good
to Z because it's right by our car
that's taking us to the airport
this is the first time I have been
outside in Norway I'm not joking at all
hello alright we made it to Amsterdam
and I love it I haven't even been
outside look at just this is out my
window just the cuteness of this town so
we're gonna go walk around for a little
bit and then we got reservations to like
one of the top restaurants in the world
tonight just outside of Amsterdam so I'm
very very excited I'm very happy I don't
have a show tonight which is very rare
for me when I'm on the road usually it's
like we fly to a city do a show fly to a
CEO show what chopstick I'm trying to
use the topic
alright guys Lee here is one of my
favorite human beings on planet Earth
I'm gonna tell you a little story last
time I came at the UK I made you guys
all call him a pretty little leprechaun
I'm asking you to please stop doing that
if you want to leave comments on his
Instagram leave them really nice sweet
encouraging comments about his beautiful
posts that he posed and in fact I bet
him today as an apology for making him
endure a pretty little leprechaun comin
through the fast how many months so I'm
gonna try to get him to 10,000 Instagram
followers and he doesn't think that you
guys can do it let's get into 10,000
Instagram followers I think we can do it
so go follow we I'll put his Instagram
name here go follow him cuz he's truly
like one of my alright this place is
freaking amazing
goodbye that is a sad little ding-a-ling
alright I forgot to close out the blog
yesterday but I went to the most
incredible restaurant I've ever been to
in my life it was a crazy three sure I
might have a matter of sex Museum by the
way right now you'll see that tomorrow
but I went to the craziest restaurant
ever last night it was
the coolest eating experience I've ever
had in my entire life and I filmed it
all so here it is for you I love you
guys I will see you tomorrow in a sex
Museum and Amsterdam what is going on
enjoy looking at the food
