hey guys so I'm gonna be vlogging every
day for the next week I look atrocious
because I've had the roughest day we
woke up at 6 a.m. got on a flight to
come to Newark and now we're headed to
Oslo
but our flight couldn't land cuz there
was a storm so we circled around the
airport and then when we landed we're
stuck in the airplane for an hour and a
half's wedding and their baby's crying
everywhere it was terrible sin we got
off the plane and got to our gate to fly
to Oslo and they said the flight was
cancelled I have a show in a day and a
half in Oslo and that's about how long
it takes to get there so I'm panicking
we almost had to cancel the show I think
we're gonna figure it out we're gonna
fly to Amsterdam and then fly from
Amsterdam to LA so that's our plan but
nothing's been confirmed yet because
we've been waiting in this line there's
the front of the line
and it goes all the way
to the back
of the airport hey guys so it's the next
day I'm supposed to be in Norway right
now but I'm in New Jersey I need to get
out of this hotel like now but oh look
at them bags under my eyes I could get
so many groceries up on that show so
basically yesterday was like the one of
the worst travel days I've ever
experienced we still have our baggage
which is horrible we have a flight to
Amsterdam today at 5 p.m. it gets us in
Amsterdam at 8 a.m. the day of the Oslo
show then we have to switch Airlines get
on another flight from Amsterdam to Oslo
and we get off the plane and go straight
to soundcheck and then do a show and
then wake up early in the morning and
fly back to Amsterdam for a show in
Amsterdam the next day so it's gonna be
like such a crazy whirlwind of a week
right now rachel is at the airport
trying to figure out where our baggage
is because if we don't have our luggage
we can't do the show Miranda isn't that
luggage my miranda clothes all the props
the sets everything we need to make the
show happen is in those suitcases and
all the flights got cancelled so
everyone's luggage is just at the
airport and I can't find anyone's
luggage it's a nightmare so we have to
find this luggage within the next three
hours or it's not getting to Oslo and
then I don't know what I'm gonna do that
is the current situation guys oh and
also my phone just alerted me that there
are flash flood warnings in New Jersey
and not to leave your house so I don't
even know if her flights gonna take off
today stay tuned you guys
great news of tidings of joy there's a
hair on my camera I'm in Norway and we
have our Birds United called me because
they saw my tweet and there was like Oh
somehow we magically have space on a
direct flight to Norway right now I'm
just funny because last night in the
horribleness that last night was there
with nothing so I'm very appreciative
about that and you know in Norway we
have our bags and we're about to see it
Lea I don't know if you guys remember
lead but when I did the UK tour last
November Rachel's vlogging everyday I
think I was a little bit I can't
remember but Louie was our tour manager
and we called him lead the leprechaun
which he freakin hates
I'm about to see him November and I'm so
excited he's like the most epic epic
tour manager ever do me a favor stop
calling me a leprechaun he doesn't like
it and I apologize for starting that
horrible trend last year when he came to
UK with us this is not a leprechaun he
is a fairy so you caught him we the lips
don't do that I'm sorry let's just call
him late cuz he's awesome I loved him
holy wow I don't know how I'm alive we
just finished the meet-and-greet and we
are I think running on fumes so here's
the theatre very pretty this fun show
and then look at all this stuff you guys
are awesome I gave me all these presents
so now I get to go back to the room and
go through all these presents you guys
are amazing look at all this you spoil
the crap out of me I'm so tired but I'm
so happy that we made it here alright so
we're back in the room and we have so
much
Norwegian candy you guys gave us so much
candy I can't even believe it so I just
tried some chocolate and it's incredible
and I want to try some more okay now I'm
gonna try smash which is sweet salty and
crispy okay listen we keep getting
cheese from you guys as we open presents
we're getting a lot of cheese and I
think is it because the cheese slicer
was invented here is that why we keep
getting cheese is just a good chaser
it's just cheese are you serious yes
he's gonna eat it why brown cheese
what's Browns need with if it's not
made with I'll probably smell it's
not you know that looks like clay that's
what I said oh my god you're about to
throw up
how is it barf
is that your American accent goodbye
