whatever you celebrate oh my god the
biggest bowl of granola and yogurt ever
to exist on planet Earth how beautiful
very cloudy day today I did not care the
Four Seasons is treating us so nicely
yesterday they sent us all at chocolates
to our brooms and now they're sending me
to go get it looks like I'm getting a
massage which I'm actually really
grateful for because well because it's a
massage but also because my shoulder is
hurting and have a show tomorrow so I
feel like a massage will really really
help it's really excited and then I'm
gonna go to the Cabana and we need
everyone there and hang out by the pool
and then after that we get a private
lesson with the chef here at the Four
Seasons so I get to have lessons on how
to cook things I guess Hawaiian dishes
with the new chefs I'm really excited
give me a Sunday let's go alrighty got
the massage it was amazing it felt so
good and they treated me like a princess
it was awesome and now we're just laying
out in the Sun the Sun just came out
it's probably gonna be out for 10
seconds because it's supposed to be
really cloudy all day it literally just
came out to poking out behind clouds so
I'm trying to soak in the Rays before it
hides again because there's just clouds
everywhere it's neva cloudy all day yeah
it's beautiful here we're gonna go
explore we're probably gonna go in the
ocean it's a party Hey look there's a
Lani that's the Disney Resort we stayed
there last time it's very nice and
babies are paddle boards which I'm like
Janet spritz to go on paddle boards
desperate but I can't because it's not
good for my shoulder cuz it really if
you have used every muscle in your body
so I don't get like super sore and
destroy my shoulder so I cannot do it
but I might sit on the front while
Rachel does it
we're gonna go notion see is it
breathing
Nicole I think that's the loudest you've
ever talked to my vlog don't know what
he's saying always monthly visit fishing
Rachel and I are climbing the rocks it's
cold it's really cool today y'all we're
trying to just embrace so we're in
Hawaii
okay cool laughing
not look like you put out you threw out
your neck Rachel and Corey are gonna go
paddleboarding but it's much too cold
for me so I'm going into the hot tub
with Angela we're gonna good luck though
cuz that's warm water and this is cold
water
I wouldn't mind cold water who's hot out
but it's cold out so record we win the
ocean we did go under it was nice but
we're done with that we did it Cory's
about to hit the rocks
well he's turning around he did good all
right I showered I put on a thing that's
like a romper thing that goes off the
shoulders to look like a trendy
Instagram girl because that's what I am
we're gonna go do a cooking class I'm so
excited to learn to cook things now so
kind of look like I'm folding cereal out
of popcorn
so crazy I've never even heard of
something like this so this just being
just think it means to the fruits and
all this one's doesn't say
banana banana I'm going to go back to
that Cabana oh mama that was really fun
we got to UM just eat some really spicy
rice the rice was really spicy but it
was delicious and the cereal was crazy
like he cooked the popcorn in bacon fat
and there was like fruit and granola and
nuts and seeds and all this crazy stuff
in it and when he said we're gonna make
cereal out of popcorn I was like what
are we about to get ourselves into but
it was so good it was really cool it was
just cool to watch him cook it was
awesome I also think I just touched some
bird tooth and then scratch my face so I
now have a disease all right we're gonna
watch the sunset right now it's we might
actually be able to see there are still
clouds but maybe this sunset will look a
little bit better than last night sunset
I'm hoping so I feel like I look like
I'm balding when my hair is pulled back
this tight I got a big forehead I got a
wrinkly forehead I'm that's probably my
biggest insecurity let's talk about our
insecurities honestly my biggest
insecurity I think is my forehead like I
really hate it and people in LA are all
like oh you should Botox I got Botox but
I can't get Botox for a few reasons one
I just scares me a little bit but also
because I need my wrinkles in my wiggly
why are you but anyway I always cover it
up as well show my hair my face so what
everybody's like this I feel like
feeling like a joke right now
I am so good at time lapses
holy smokes this is such a pretty sunset
Oh focus on that at this madness that's
crazy
so trample that now we can see it
because last night we couldn't see the
danger
yeah so we're trying to figure out
dinner plans but our dinner reservations
are when we all want to go to bed so
we're trying to make dinner is the
reason for earlier but we can eat and
then go to bed at a reasonable hour
because we have a shot of the boy who's
still up there taking selfies the boys
are taking selfies and the girls are
like let's go get more champagne hey
guys so I just got back from dinner but
something crazy happened at dinner I'm
so confused
because I got a call from Netflix a
while ago literally the day before my
birthday and they told me they weren't
renewing the show I'll tell you more
about that later but my you guys are
awesome and are rallying and are like
save haters back off and try and get it
trending and signing petitions and
you're just being so sweet and amazing
and just showing how supportive you are
of the show which I appreciate so much
and I love you guys
the people are starting to talk to
people at Netflix like the Netflix
support people being like hey why did
the show get canceled because you guys
want answers and the people at Netflix
are like responding saying it didn't get
cancelled and like trying to make it
look like I'm lying I'm like like I
don't
I'm so confused because I will say this
like a hundred percent honest working
with Netflix was great like I loved
working with Netflix I loved having my
show on Netflix like this is not me
throwing shade at Netflix at all like I
genuinely loved working with them and I
would work with him again in a heartbeat
like I love Netflix I really do but I'm
so confused because like people are
tweeting me pictures of their
conversations with the tech support at
Netflix and they're saying the show
isn't canceled we don't have
confirmation of this and whatever and
that's that was weird and so I tweeted
like and we'll know they called me and I
was really upset and this definitely is
not a rumor like this is true and
another guy tweeted of their
conversation with Netflix where that the
guy said like oh the shows really
popular so we'll probably get a season
three we're gonna try they're working
hard to get a season three aired soon
which I'm like what are you talking
about so I like trying to make light of
it I'm like making jokes about it like
to the guy who posted that I'm like oh
Jose like you are a gentleman and a
scholar you know like try make jokes of
it because it's like weird to me that
Netflix is posting stuff like that but
the one that's really upsetting to me is
someone posted this conversation with
Netflix and they asked why Netflix got
cancelled my fan did and the Netflix
said I have plenty of theories but just
to be completely clear those are my own
personal views the Netflix continued and
said if this turned out to be false it
wouldn't be the first time that a
youtuber fabricates a controversy would
it now I'm not saying that this is the
case but if you ask me that is the first
thing I would think about it I'm a bit
of a skeptic someone who works for
Netflix said that about me like Netflix
is a company who believed in me picked
up my show wanted to work with me made
my show made a beautiful show I loved
working with them again like I said I
would work with them again like I love
Netflix but I'm so confused how this
person is working at Netflix and is
saying this to one of my fans
I know it's just someone in customer
service so this is not the same
department as the department that I
worked with and they probably just don't
have the information about the show
being cancelled yet but I am just
shocked that someone who works for
Netflix in the customer service
department would say that if this turned
out to be false it wouldn't be the first
time that a youtuber fabricates a
controversy would it I'm so shocked like
my jaw is like to fell off the balcony
of my hotel room and is currently in the
pool like I cannot believe that like
this is like I'm proof like there's a
conversation you can see what Netflix is
saying there to one of my fans who was
literally just asking like hey why did
the show get canceled and that was their
response I'm just I'm like I'm so
uncomfortable like on multiple levels
just like Netflix I'm just so confused
that this person works they're like
anyway I'm really confused I'm so
confused
I'm so I don't understand why the people
at Netflix in the customer service
department the tech support I don't know
who these people are but why they're
saying that the show isn't cancelled or
that they don't know yet like when
they're literally the ones who told me
like they're the ones who made the
decision and told me if the shows not
happening so I don't understand why
they're acting like they don't know
about it or that I made it up or that I
it came from my brain like I'm just
really confused so I guess um I think I
don't even literally speechless
which you guys know never happens to me
like I'm never speechless I mean I don't
I did I'm just so I'm really shocked I
think now they're starting to tell
people the people in charge gave us the
information from our resource system
that haters back off is no longer
renewing any season okay so now they're
saying it but it was like a while where
they were saying the opposite air saying
no they didn't know and now all of a
sudden now they're saying it I'm just so
confused but I will say this I don't
know the customer service team at
Netflix I never worked with the customer
service I never worked with tech support
I only worked with the creative people
and the producers and they were all
lovely and wonderful and amazing and I'd
work with them all again and I love them
all and I have nothing but wonderful
things to say about the people I
personally worked with on a day-to-day
basis at Netflix like I love them like
planning on going out to dinner with
them and hanging out with them and
continuing my friendship with them after
this I get back from Hawaii like I don't
have an issue with Netflix I'm just sad
the shows not continuing but that is
crazy like like it like I said I'm not
trying to throw anyone under the bus cuz
like I do love Netflix with my whole
heart and I'm so grateful for the
opportunities they gave me and I'm so
grateful that they made my show and I
love them but like who is working in
customer service and saying those
horrible things like that is crazy I'm
just I'm really blown away
but anyway Wow but yeah I just what I
felt like I needed to talk about that I
was like this is insane like and you
guys are all really confused like I'm
looking all your tweets and I was like
I'm so confused this is so happening or
not Netflix says it's it is happening
but you're saying it's not happening did
you not want it like I I'm just clearing
it up you're hang it from my mouth from
my face Netflix did not want to renew
the show
I would love to keep doing it but they
are done I'm very very grateful for the
two seasons that I have it was a dream
come true I wish I could keep making it
I want to make it forever it was my
favorite thing I've ever done in my
whole life
very proud of it I love Netflix I loved
working with them
I love the platform that's why I wanted
to work with them that's why I still
want to work with them but whoever's
working in customer service needs to get
a new job because they're not very good
at customer service and they're very
rude about youtubers so weird okay
anyway I'm shocked there's been an
update it's a few hours later just so
you know a couple hours later but
Netflix helps actually responded let me
see where this is hi so sorry about this
the agent screen grabbed were here were
incorrect about renewal headers back off
is not returning but it's completely
unacceptable to disparage killeen who
has been a great partner we are looking
into this so like I said earlier I love
working with Netflix Netflix is great I
don't know who was working in customer
service but that was insane so yeah I
just want to clarify even though I feel
like already did clarify I'm clarifying
again I love Netflix they look working
with them they were great partner and I
would love to continue to work with them
I'd work with them again in a heartbeat
I have nothing against Netflix at all
but that was crazy so I'm glad that
someone at Netflix like an official
Netflix Twitter I wrote that because
that was just insane and it was getting
spread so much throughout the internet
yeah so not so anyway I just wanted to
give you an update so Netflix is
wonderful
it's just I'm sad to show got cancelled
and I was sad that that guys is that
horrible thing how you do it
anyway all right so Eric just texts me
and asked if we wanted to crash a
wedding because there's a loud wedding
going on outside so we're gonna try to
go crash wedding what the internet works
do my intro yeah okay so what does that
mean you know might have seen these so
like so there's this crazy wedding so
this is crazy
Rachel's here your intro got ruined do
your intro Eric gave over and said he
has this great idea for video where he's
gonna have the Miranda knob poked in
Rachel's just got here for us to go Eric
said he's a good idea for a video Rachel
a good idea can't watch this he said to
do my intro star enjoy so there's this
crazy wedding going on outside and we're
oh my gosh what's what's my line
he thinks this is how YouTube works he
goes see our intro this is crazy one
that's my only line yeah where do you
wait you wait rude
you'll see when this starts coming and
then used to coming soon yes we come
from the bottom of the top so guys this
is crazy wedding going on that's good to
do so what's the plan guys never do
anything stupid that's it what's the
plan here you go for the bridesmaids
with the grandma you go for the grandma
we have no plan we're just gonna just
heard music and he wanted to go dance so
we're just gonna go and see what happens
okay we found something I don't think
this is the wedding we heard but there's
some like party going on I stretched
I hate confrontation they feel like
we're gonna get trouble but there's
something going on in here if it was
crowded I could do it but there's like
five people there
oh my god
oh pretty this is this little outside
restaurant is so nice this resort is so
freakin pretty wait is it this way yeah
this was worse so so so pretty you're
trying to find this other wedding now
which I again will be too scared to go
into because we just found out that that
with some credit union Hawaii State
Federal Credit Union end-of-the-year
party so that was not a wedding but
everyone was in like prom dresses there
was one girl with the tiara I may live
your life I wish I was wearing a tiara
currently I don't hear any music anymore
from the outside wedding that I was
hearing on my balcony
so maybe the wedding's over you throw
sad up here are you sad look at this
we're going in the dark through the lava
rocks
oh my god it's lighting oh my gosh this
is like fun adventure for real okay
we're not getting Rachel's jeans dirty
y'all made it to the wedding
but it's definitely over and it's
definitely a gated private property so
Derek you cannot jump the fence
Erik there's nobody there what are you
doing
are you doing I know what his endgame is
here because the music isn't happening
so there's no dancing everyone's left
what's your plan here brah
there's the bride he isn't seen if he
thinks we're going over there he somehow
convinced Rachel Knight to cross through
the fence and he's walking towards the
wedding
I'm not they're shutting down oh my god
we're gonna get a trouble we look
suspicious yeah okay go on the dance
floor brah right it's just so there
she's so pretty in here even pins when
there's like plenty of other options to
get back oh jeez Louise how the
sprinklers are on major drama today he
just got put in here and like Seth
walking this way
looks like a private party what the heck
I am NOT with him today scrimps some
sprints and lobsters they're getting
caught we're getting caught I gotta go I
really can't handle confrontation there
people staring at me and he's walking
closer over to them what is asking us
what we're doing I'm so uncomfortable
I'm so uncomfortable I don't know what
to do literally best friends they are
best friends for getting a baguette it
seems like oh look at this I'm taking
cube baguette thank you
there we go now we have our own baguette
this is what we came for
we got a boy we're gonna ladyandtramp
the baguette Oh wasn't it stealing my
thigh big Mary oh my god you this is the
third party we've crashed tonight and
then a guy came up to him and goes back
up and recognize him for me to off
they all recognize both of us from
Netflix and from YouTube which is cool
and then gave a spy guess what a weird
night we did not successfully crash the
wedding this is me being a party animal
I'm getting a bucket and like jump
defense we are enjoying some drinks
outside you know we still have our loaf
of bread and that's that so I think I'm
gonna be going to bed pretty soon
because I show tomorrow and they still
to write bits for Erica Angela I don't
know what you guys are doing in the show
yet so professional
good night
