good morning good move oh my bags under
my eyes doing are they sick I'm with my
mom and my dad and Cory and Heather's
way in the back and of course my angel
of days
Rachel I don't quite know what that
means is my angel damn giant a t-shirt
with an angel of night
I am the Angel of Death Angel the
t-shirt just is my face with wings
behind on the side of Bob - the angel of
days you could buy a month you can buy a
shirt today perhaps - you could even buy
little wings with the loop strap so go
around and in the middle of the wings as
Rachel's head I'm gonna be angels of
days for Halloween I'm gonna be angel of
days for the fall celebration for the
Harvest Festival all right we are in San
Francisco we're on to her this weekend
and we need to how to shop Stockton a
couple days ago yesterday we got to hang
out at Pixar which is super cool that
block is coming a little bit later but
for now I'm gonna enjoy San Francisco
with you let's do it let's do it okay
shall obtain
oh man I still look so busted and so
tired okay so it is a tradition now I
guess that every time we come to San
Francisco we buy the ugliest sweatshirts
you can find so we found you that we
like we like the tie-dye ones but we
found some hot pink ones we really like
we guys think these are too expensive
yeah that's sort of good all right so I
think we're gonna go to another store
guys we could not find sweatshirts that
we liked we found some hot pink ones
that we like what 1999 for sweatshirt
what a sale maybe we're not gonna find
for such
oh my god we found the winners I'm so
excited because Romo shot and four three
two one
my house screams put me on a seeing-eye
Amanda and I listen to my outfit
I like your hairy horse I'm on a pen
he's a changin that's not the boys
Neville said that I'm gonna bear
Oh
I didn't hate us a favor hi replaying
markable um anyways I I came here with
Avery and it's like the coolest arcade
all old arcade games from like the
1920's 1930's third game i sell from
1906 it's super cool so we're hanging
out here for a little bit
oh my god the head is just good chopped
off it's like circumcision all over the
place
I'm so excited we've got the kiss Sony
Turkish Corey and how they're going to
kiss and this is going to tell them what
their kiss is measure the thrill of your
kids
are you
close to Timmy
mom's gonna sit on test your passionate
factor so cool it's huge
3,000 seats
all right so last night's show went
really well and I forgot to close up the
vlog now we are in Redding we drove four
hours three hours today to ready we have
a show tonight I'm backstage but I just
wanted to close out the vlog from
yesterday thanks for watching and that's
it I'll talk to you later when I vlog
again okay I suck at the Internet bye
