Aloha we are going to go make leis
because we want to cuz we're girls
I don't think rachel is participating in
this I don't think she wants to because
she's Punk so we're gonna go make lace
and hang out on the beach I don't know
I'm still asleep
good bye
of the flower
slide it down
and on to
so I opted out of delay making to make a
flower crown because very good fella
okay I'm wearing my crown of flowers and
it's time we're gonna go down to the
pool yesterday was a very active day of
ziplining and beaches and turtles and
all these things so today we're going to
try to take it easy and just go chill at
the pool
we are officially douche bags you get
pushes ordered rings and pineapple so a
couple days ago Heather and I put
touches on ourselves hey right there
mine is fading and head is completely
came off so we're refreshing our bodies
with new sparkly blue turtle tattoos
because what else would we doing four
seasons
we're very classy women here's my new
one so a little turtle his Rachel's with
her appendix scar above proudly there's
Heather I like the like plastic film
around yes
and this is Matt you can flex your bicep
to make you look more manly if you want
you like it Matt we are now at Mama's
Fish House in some are mounting I drink
at the pool which is never a good idea
because alcohol is not something that I
enjoy alcohol is something that makes
both so now I'm drinking a big old cup
of coffee so rachel has a big old rash
we don't know what it's from
and Matt has to wear a t-shirt so he's
really upset and Heather hates
everything and it's always negative
she's just kidding we're all in a great
weight just coverage on his a rash and
I'm scared so that's it
we're really excited because this place
is supposedly like the best food at
midnight
so no trip to Hawaii would be complete
without shave ice I actually I'm not a
fan of shave ice I think it's just
because it's too much of like straight
sugar but Rachel loves it so we found a
place that has good ratings and
hopefully she'll like this place oh my
goodness I caught my a shave ice I'm
excited good night ever
yes that's what I'm gonna try to get all
the flavors on one
yeah oh my god
it's our final sunset and look how
beautiful oh my gosh we are rushing to
the beach right now he's wanting is the
sunset and it's like wow are you serious
right now look at this well that was the
most beautiful sunset I've ever seen in
my entire life what an epic way to end
this week I can't even handle this
vacation was just like incredible it was
the best vacation I've ever had I really
relaxed which I never do so it was nice
to like actually relax and take it easy
and not work so I loved it I don't wanna
go home I'm like reading going home
tomorrow
unless something crazy happens tonight
at the end of the block right this is it
never know in a
Tagg faster bomber the reason I'm coming
home is because I've shows in Northern
California and soft in Redding and
Oakland okay in a couple days and
Heather's coming I'm going to be there
and Corey's coming and Rachel's coming
and my mom is coming so make sure to get
tickets there are still tickets left so
come and meet us please we would love to
hug you guys be happy goodbye
