good morning princesses this time to go
ziplining I could not be more excited if
I tried and because it runs up lining
it's like one of my favorite things ever
I've only done it once and it was like
one of the highlights of my life so I am
super excited you do it again today
peacock where are you going aren't you
going on easy blind no buh-bye
it's so incredibly random look there's a
peacock walking around up where we are
about to go to planning I'm very excited
I really enjoy zipline very excited I'm
so excited I'm married
you
driving up
we burn all quiet
the bunker
alright we're about to go down that
madness I'm not in slightly nervous I'm
just excited I can't wait to do it
this is a half mile about safe a half
mile long
I am so what two three
well ziplining was obviously amazing it
was super credible
now we're at this beach I forget the
name of and if even if I could remember
I could pronounce it hot dog and it was
actually the best hot dog ever my boobs
really good they strongly recommend
going nice dogs Oh Bob Bob stars on Maui
okay so we were looking over the ledge
and we saw a bunch of turtles on the
salmon we're gonna go hang out with some
turtle let's do it we're now at a pizza
shop getting some delicious wines on
their take on Hawaiian pizza thank you
Oh yummy green apples and pork and Bible
pieces
I am happy as ever at this day is
incredible just makes me want to be like
everyone go live your life go do
something adventurous today go on a hike
go to the beach play in the rain wow I
will still burn the comfort of my
trusted guys good guys Berber alright so
now we are headed to Isle Valley and I
was here in December with Josh and I
know I said it wrong then and now I know
I'm saying it wrong again he's gone i 8o
i ale
i all uh yeah yeah mr lee kuan looks
like Jurassic Park let's do it
you
I don't know how I could ever find you
in a florist Heather you're sure it's
not bright enough like you're actually
glowing like it's actually glowing pink
all over your face Wow it's too bad so
ugly here fortunate how ugly Maui it
really bad for the island this is
probably the ugliest place I've ever
seen it needs a makeover really
unfortunate shut up Megan I'm trying to
go shop oh my god shut up Megan oh my
music tsa is so bad I'm extremely burnt
but like only right here Wow that's
really embarrassing we're gonna go up
and have a shot in Rachel's room and
then ghosts it'll be fun let's go
says happy birthday Rachel oh my gosh
happy birthday Rachel and champagne and
just what you two are snickering yeah
can I eat it yes it's for you for your
birthday
okay so obviously we were not coming up
here to have tequila shots we wanted to
come up with a reason why we need to go
to Rachel's room and the only thing that
is in Rachel's room that isn't in our
room is tequila so really when tequila
shot so that we can come in here and
surprise her with the cake cuz the Four
Seasons is amazing and they found out
that this is Rachel's birthday trip and
so they were like oh my god we should do
something so they made her this
beautiful cake and gave her a bottle of
champagne um this is just the most epic
hotel they just have been spoiling us
rotten and mystery chef is on point yeah
first the Miranda cookies and stuff I
don't know if you guys have been
watching since the beginning of these
vlogs but maybe this when I came into
the hotel and now they did this
beautiful cake for Rachel and I'm just
so impressed and oh my god I'm
definitely wanting to come back you for
my birthday said I can get an awesome
cake too so see I'm November by the way
a lot of you're confused as to why we
are here in Hawaii and also why we keep
saying happy birthday to Rachel Rachel's
birthday was April 5th but this was my
birthday present to her a few months ago
Josh Murch were having a conversation
and josh is like when was the last time
you hung out clean and it we had nothing
to do with work it was just like sisters
and Rachel's like I don't know like it's
been years and so I gave her a birthday
present and in the present was this and
it was a coupon for one free massage and
she opened it and she was like cool
where's my real present and I was like
the massages in Hawaii and so that's why
we're here and celebrating Rachel's
birthday a month after her birthday's
because it was her birthday present for
me and there's no work at all here
it's just sisters and friends hanging
out and celebrating birthday times
alrighty kiddos I am back at my hotel
and it is time for bed
tomorrow's our last day
loosen oh I know I don't we think we're
gonna try to go snorkeling in the
morning there is a lei making class and
I'm very excited about oh my god I did
my nails and look how I did look at that
guys look how good I did hombre and I
didn't clean off my nails my actual
fingers looks really good
all right I'm going to sleep I love you
I'll see you tomorrow good bye
