morning everyone it is day 4 anyway and
I'm just having breakfast with my lovely
girlfriend and we're having waffles and
food and a beautiful view I love it here
so much I wish I was here every day of
my life forever and ever
I just might move here hi well oh my
gosh trees we just went swimming in the
ocean and the surf is pretty high today
so they have the red flag up meaning
don't go in this ocean and I understand
why because analyst has died we are body
surfing which is like my favorite thing
to do in the ocean if you've never done
it do it
I caught a wave and I was like I went so
far yeah I'm killing it and then another
way went on top of me crashed me and
pushed me into the sand and kept me
going in like the tunnel of the wave and
it happened to me and Matt Rachel and
Heather were fine but Matt and I both
almost drowned
I sold so much water um but it was worth
it I do it again it's really fun
all right we are in our little Cabana
which has been our favorite thing it's
funny you go on every time I go on
vacation I'm like okay I have to a
million adventures and do crazy things
every day but this is the first time
I've been on vacation and I haven't
wanted to leave the pool because it's
just so many thing and we're just like
in our Cabana enjoying champagne like I
don't want to go anywhere I don't do
anything how's the drink ladies blabber
girly and completely and deliciously
we'd never want to leave this pool it's
just the most incredible I strongly
recommend the four seasons in Maui
because it's just amazing pretty soon
we're going to go get massages and I'm
so excite and it's going to be good for
my back and my shoulder which is amazing
and yeah we're getting massages like
right on the beach like little huts very
excited about it and then we're going to
go out to the hi for dinner mana just
sounds like a part in the under area my
Lahaina is infected really you know okay
we're down at the pool enough time to
get a massage
I'm just getting pampered right here we
come to the spa
everything is fine it was the spa he is
this bar yeah that's a spot haeseong
okay in this spa I feel like I'm a
secret agent I have to whisper so we're
on our rows we are naked under these I'm
just kidding I'm totally wearing
underwear this place is so cool look
they have yummy ginger tea and water and
like a sauna and showers and oh my gosh
you guys are probably like yeah coin
it's a spa those are the things they
have in spas and like after your dives
your massage or your shower your sauna
you can do your hair here there's like
all the stuff straighteners and curling
hands sometimes you just need to be
pampered and I'm enjoying it and so are
these people they love it
Wow those massages were absolutely
incredible I can definitely say hands
down that was the best massage I've ever
had in my life how's yours amazing I'm
like still asleep okay I'm out well
we're all LMS are all like we're all
half-asleep so we're gonna go get a
coffee because we are like we are just
friggin exhausted and we're headed to
Lahaina Aina Haina and to come out ba ha
I'm not Halle Anna ah I don't know how
to say it but we're going there we are
now in I'm Alfie children this is my
favorite restaurant ever when I came
here with Josh if you guys watched my
blog last year but you know that I came
to Hulu girl like hibernating in the
fish tacos so drove over an hour today
to come get these fish tacos they're my
favorite
oh I didn't vlog very much today sorry
guys it was a wonderful day though of
massage and pool and champagne and tacos
it was amazing
tomorrow morning we're waking up really
early and we are going dip lining which
is very exciting I'd love ziplining and
so you're going to want to watch for
that hopefully they let me film the
ziplining excursion I love you guys I
will see you to a model be nice to
people or a while see ya
