good morning Aloha
this morning I am gonna go do a business
meeting phone call because that's what
you doing here in Hawaii on vacation
right but then dress today is gonna be
really fun we're gonna hang out by the
pool and go swimming in the ocean and
then we're gonna go on a sunset sail and
have dinner I did this last year with
Joshua we went on a sunset cruise with a
company called sail trilogy it was my
favorite part the whole trip so I had to
do it again this time we're still going
with sail trilogy what we're doing a
different dinner cruise and I am super
super excited to take Rachel and Heather
and Matt because they've never done it
before and it's like my favorite thing
ever
all right so this pool is super cool
because there's water North's water of
course there's water it's cool there's
music underneath the water so you gets
quiet up above the water and you can't
hear anything but when you go underneath
there's music playing so I'm gonna take
the GoPro down and maybe you guys can
hear it
we are done heading for the day and now
we're going to go on a sailboat for
dinner so we're just getting ready for
that and Rachel's probably noticed us
because we're like listen the song that
just came on oh and a hero comes along
with the strength to carry on and you'll
finally see the truth
we're Harbor about to get on the boat
but the waves are crazy huge right now
and the wind is so attempt I feel like
it's so quickly tonight I feel like
there's no way this is any way venture
goodbye son I'll see you tomorrow all
right dinner cruise is done it's
beautiful here Oh Mario Mario you're
laboring with a new catchphrase
something I thought you said shocked
Megan but she said something else but
now all day we've been think shot my
gums everything so spread the word it's
gonna be the new catchphrase lilikoi
cheesecake chocolate Clements Trump
truffles when a vanilla Grenache fresh
coulis strawberries from this mountain
laughs I love the choreography boy wow
that was in red
I loved it so much I didn't see as
possible to love something more than the
last failed trilogy excursion that I did
with Josh I'll put the vlog to that
below so you guys can check it out
because I was my favorite thing I did
with Josh in December while we were here
in Maui and now so far that's been the
highlight of the trip if you guys want
to do a sail trilogy excursion check out
the link below it is it is my favorite
thing I've ever done a Maui both times
have done it it has been incredible the
staff is so fun and like happy and
hilarious and you're laughing the whole
time and it's gorgeous it's just it's
really great it was so good really good
so if you guys want to try out sail
trilogy I'll put the link below they're
amazing and they also do like snorkeling
trips they do tons of stuff so go check
it out highly highly highly highly
recommend it but for now we're gonna go
to the how cool say already we are in
the how cool a magazine it is beautiful
look at this are you kidding me do you
mean oh my god I'm never not shot I am
um so look how pretty with that I'm
gonna close out this vlog and I'm going
to enjoy some time with my lover which
apparently there's a lot of debate on
Instagram right now because I posted a
picture of Heather and I looking
lovingly into each other's eyes and
everyone is calling of lesbians because
we looked at each other cuz I thought
something friends are allowed to do but
I've not Heather for forever so we were
basically married all through college
you're in love
and now we're still in love so thanks
for watching guys I will see you
tomorrow tomorrow we're getting massages
I'm hanging out by the pool and we're
going out to Lahaina I'll see you then
love you guys thanks Jay for editing
this you're my hero and see you tomorrow
