good morning it's Oh focus Oh thing
camera we are I know why Anna's day to
here and check it out I forgot my
sunglasses so yesterday we went to maybe
see store and I was like if I forgot my
sunglasses and I'm gonna buy some
sunglasses just for this moment I'm
gonna get these sunglasses so I'm gonna
be sporting these the rest of the trip
and I am really excited about it and I'm
really proud of them do not judge me
all righty we are out at the beach and
we are going to build paddleboarding out
in the choppy ocean which I feel like is
going to be a disaster nervous I think
Heather and I are going to last about
five minutes maybe three and Matt Rachel
will probably have more success with it
so I'm gonna get out - GoPro let's do
this
Oh
I know
oh my gosh once again I am thoroughly
impressed with the Four Seasons first of
all look at this infinity flow it's
beautiful
just the most beautiful place ever and
we're staying in a little Cabana over
here so we're not sleeping in here
cutest is it's like a little couch with
the TV and the champagne in the fridge
and we get like a fruit plate and old
stuff and we're totally spoiling
ourselves which is incredible I am
obsessed how is it ray are you in heaven
oh my gosh and it's so funny because
Matt and Rachel are obviously couple and
Heather and I are together right it's
like we're we're lovers right we're
getting married I don't have my ring Oh
today I have an Astor yet surprise oh
thank you
alrighty I have not been blogging cuz
I've just been laying here it's been
cloudy pretty much all day but I don't
care cuz this is amazing how are you
going right I just hurt myself getting
into my seat
Simon pain right Matt George so anyway
we are going to luau tonight
so we're going to head up to the room
pretty soon and shower and get ready but
my episode of hey USA is out with mamrie
so go check that out I'll put the link
in the description that was one of my
favorite things I've ever shot in my
whole life was with me Murray
in San Francisco we had so so so so much
fun so please go check it out leave a
comment share it and let them know that
you liked me on the show so that maybe
they'll take me again next year because
or the next season if they do it another
season because I would love to go back
and so fun all right I'm gonna go lay
out some more alrighty
absolutely yeah I'm not naked it just
looks like I am and waiting for us not
so much of a spot um so it's the man is
holding a coconut you can get something
exciting
I am having the best time ever whenever
I'm in Hawaii I'm happiest ever because
hello why but I just for staring at me
talking my hair my I feel very
vulnerable i I'm just thinking about how
lucky I am to be here and how amazing it
is look how pretty it is and the reason
I get to do things like this it's
because of you guys so I just feel
really grateful and I don't know I just
I just want to hug you and say thank you
for watching my videos because it lets
me come to cool place like this and have
every time and film it for you and share
it with you I don't know I just feel
really grateful and really happy thank
you I hope that I get to have this job
for a really long time and I hope you
guys continue to watch for a really long
time and I just love you guys I wish you
could all be here with me right now and
enjoy this it's beautiful and I'm here
because it's due
thank you so much
oh boy one yellow key boy boy kinda
movie hola ebola kappa lil ope boy
it was so close a little was amazing did
you like rich kids like it
alrighty we are back at our hotel at the
beautiful Four Seasons and having
champagne we just had some play and
we're gonna hop in the hot tub and then
go to sleep I'm tired and we have a busy
day tomorrow of nothing so I could get
some rest
um what did you guys do today tell me in
the comments below you guys always watch
my day you know about my days but I know
nothing about yours leave a comment tell
me what you did today I would love to go
through and read them and respond to as
many views as I can help you guys have a
beautiful glorious wonderful day I'll
see you around
