hey guys so most people start their
vlogs at the beginning of the day but
for me I'm starting this vlog at 10
o'clock at night because this is kind of
when my activities are starting today
hey Joshua why you're cute you cuter no
so um I'm about to go to todrick's
recording studio and record a song and
then tomorrow we're shooting the music
video all day so I thought I would take
you with me and vlog the whole thing
because I think it's gonna be really
cool so I'm eating dinner finally and
it's rice because I think I'm on
Survivor oh and I dropped it I gotta go
I look so busted oh my gosh you guys I'm
so excited about this I think it's gonna
be super funny I just so excited I've
always wanted to do this I've always
wanted to do one of todrick's videos
because todrick is a freaking genius my
whole life I've always wanted to be
Belle because she's fast and I never
have gotten the opportunity to play
Belle for anything and now I get to play
Belle it's being around so my close
friends and we belt and burp and all the
things alright I'm gonna go to bed it is
now 12:00 midnight and tomorrow morning
when I wake up and shoot all day and I'm
so excited
alright guys the next morning and look
at my hair hold on I gotta show you this
you see how ridiculous I look right now
I look like a colonial woman they sent
me pictures of Belle's hair and this is
what I came up with so hopefully they
like it we'll see I look it looks like a
wig it looks insane anyway I'm excited
to shoot today um it should be really
fun and then tomorrow I'm going to
Hawaii and I'm gonna start daily
vlogging every single day there will be
a new vlog for you guys I'm very excited
about it alright I'm gonna go on set hi
hi bran sec I'm Belle
Cory's getting his makeup did I'm so
excited this is so fun we've already
shot the opening shot and now we're
getting other stuff
RuPaul's coming soon I'm freaking out so
I'm a huge fan excited I'm so excited if
I get to see RuPaul I'm going to pee in
my pants well you're gonna pee then get
some toilet paper cuz he's coming right
now
literally he's one of my like I owe him
an Oprah Oprah yes I'm all about the oh
you've of Oprah's Instagram so okay so
there's a part in the song where there's
three girls singing about Gaston and one
of the girls who was doing it just
decided to leave regularly who's filming
their scene she's just like I'm not
gonna do it so Taj I just found this
woman right this really nice woman right
here and was just like hi I don't know
you will you be in my video this looks
random woman it's going to be in the
video with us
fortunes here it's because we're such
amazing actresses yeah we intimidated
the girl that was gonna do it happen I
know that's what happens fortune is
guest on hello except your name is
Leslie in this yeah I'm for lesbian for
lesbian oh yeah I'm playing against type
oh yeah hard for you
so I left my camera in the car so I had
to shoot with my phone but we're done
shooting look at my hair it looks so
weird right now I finished shooting it
was super fun and I'm pretty sure the
videos coming out tomorrow which is
madness
todrick is insane he always will ask me
to do a video with him and he'll ask me
the day before they shoot and so I can
never do it and this time he asked me to
do a four and I was like I'm actually
free so that works out and then I got to
set today and he was like it's coming
out tomorrow I don't know they must not
sleep at all like it's it's insane
because the video like this would take
me weeks to edit um I'm excited if you
guys see it I think it's gonna be really
funny and yeah super excited now I'm
gonna go home and pack for Hawaii Aloha
hi I'm in Hawaii you guys we got pretty
this is oh my um and great news davell
video it's up so go check it out I'm so
proud of todrick he did such a good job
with it and it was really fun to do so
go check it out and subscribe to todrick
subscribe to me there's going to be
videos every single day on this channel
for the next week so make sure to
subscribe I love you guys and I'll see
you tomorrow
you
