good morning everybody I am starting my
day off right
with Parker blue another kiss mm mm I
love you I love you what a cutie all
right I've got to go um I'm gonna go
foam cleans corner and then I'm gonna go
get on a plane and go back to LA yeah
what oh what fun oh I love you Andy
panties is fun yeah all right okay I am
so excited you guys I'm about to try on
like the skeleton of my gown and I'm
freaking out so I'm here with Wendy
who's my fairy godmother excited and she
um is designing the dress with me and
I'm so so excited so I'm about to try it
on for the first time okay so this is
what we have so far I'm so excited so
weird
creating a dress this is all Wendy's
idea this is your fault so pretty
I think rethinking it already looks
beautiful on her
Oh like the skeleton of the dress you're
so sweet I'm very very excited guys
um okay focus this thing has issues
sometimes okay
um guys something exciting I am finally
six years later testing out lipsticks
for Miranda because I really want them
round ellipse tick and I want to show
you like the process of how this goes so
I got sent different shades and I had to
pick a shade so this one obviously oh my
gosh I'm a beauty guru look at what I'm
doing this one's obviously too dark so I
said no to that
and then there's um this one which is
scarlet which I thought was to like come
on
I thought this was like to oranjee but
there's this red one which is actually
pretty good and I was Miranda today and
I used this one and it looked pretty
good so I don't know my
eight there might be a Miranda lipstick
pretty soon I'm excited and I'm probably
not allowed to tell you that but I
always spoil all my secrets to tunes I'm
not the first one what not the first one
first ones to maroon yeah
Miranda what do Moran no Miranda would
do anyone knows Miranda it's me yeah of
course very I'm in a very intimate place
with her yeah every single book yeah
it's not done but yeah you know every
person that comes in here you were gone
for like five days okay
yeah well a little secret yeah I wasn't
to tell you this but yeah whatever
every person that come in here be like
hey man did you see this
it's my fiance's book cover and she's
she's having a book and they're like oh
my gosh Wow such a cool book of her like
yeah no big deal she was like number one
on Amazon mm-hmm
because you were number one and you will
be number one again when it comes out
and who are poverty and Colleen
ballinger releases this book should our
20 buyers shy to reverse show hit number
one no so number one son this fog has
been so vengeful I tried on my wedding
dress I showed you the buffers you
filled you know I didn't film it are you
crazy you watch my vlogs come on
however I did film it and it's going to
be the mecca no I filmed it but I'm
gonna put it all together in one video
after we get married so I'm going to
show you guys the process of making
Joshua's farted oh um I'm going to show
you guys the process of the making of
the dress so I'm filming every time I go
to a dress fitting and I'm going to edit
it all together way down the road so
yeah anyway all right guys I'm gonna
close it though I'm gonna go to bed late
