good morning this is what tired looks
like so I was busted a half but we are
in Richard Connecticut let's link to the
VP's their new album my favorite band
and the history of time and I'm going to
their concert in LA and I have to know
every word their new album before I go
to their concert today we have two shows
and then after the second show we drive
to Westbury New York which is like a two
and a half hour drive and then wake up
tomorrow morning and have two shows
there so got a lot going on the next
couple days because I get to go home and
I'm so excited I who've already have an
awesome show right side scream really
really loud on the count of three right
ah
yeah
that is nice maybe I don't
okay this is what happens when I get
offstage just lipstick smudged
everywhere I get crazy with that
microphone this morning oh my god oh my
god
all right we just finished the second
show here in Hartford Connecticut and
this morning I woke up and I was like I
don't feel quite right and then we got
to soundcheck this early this morning
and I was like I'm gonna get sick I feel
it I have you know that feeling right
before you get sick where your body's
like you're gonna be sick pretty soon
but you're not sick yet you just can
feel it and then within a couple of
hours that started sneezing and coughing
and sniffling and now I have a cold
which totally sucks I'm so annoyed
because I've been sleeping a lot like
I've been getting enough sleep because I
always get sick on tour so I was gonna
beat it this time and I was like I'm
gonna sleep a lot I'm gonna try to work
as much I'm gonna eat right and drink
lots of water and now I am sick so I
don't understand it's like my body's
just like I don't know maybe it's the
airplane air maybe it's the fact that
I'm hugging like 200 people per show and
someone in that 200 peoples got to be
sick so then I just catch it I don't
know but I'm like so the shows are done
and now it's like close to midnight and
we have a two two and a half hour drive
and we're going to we're at Walmart
because that's what you do right so
we're at Walmart I need to get nail
polish remover because someone gave me
really cool nail polish at the mangry
tonight and I want that ish on my nails
right now my nails look like this which
is kind of looked infected hi hey guess
who's sick answer me um we are in
Westbury New York and kids are walking
above me and um I did not sleep at all
tonight so this morning I had Rachel
come to the theater early and do sound
check for me because I couldn't do it
well I believe you
um so I have no idea what the sound is
gonna be like I have no idea what the
theater is gonna be like I'm going
onstage in ten minutes okay let's go do
a shout first show said I'm exhausted
how are you doing good you had it
sniffles the whole show right into that
microphone out now I just need to put
the minor outfit back on and do a mean
green and then do another soundcheck and
then do another show and then do another
mean great and then I'm done today
all right the shows are over we
successfully did six shows in four days
and four states right that's correct
four states yeah six shows 46 shows four
days four states so um I still have a
cold but I don't care because we're done
and we're going home tomorrow
everyone was wonderful it was great
meeting everybody and I got some
incredible presents thank you so much
and one of the awesome presents we got
is kattappa Lee and we are gonna play
that ish it's Jomar pick a thing oh why
isn't our cats because it's the things
that cats like oh good well you hate you
with the kashi literally Frankie it's so
mad so here's you got aa Polly I have
all of the money's out of luck your luck
what the Edition have you no idea the
place she doesn't know what is ever
played Monopoly in my life and they are
furious with me because I'm literally
the wealthiest human who's ever play
Monopoly and it was so cool
shut up so Madame Rachel say again what
you just said about the horn this is
cooling and this is me thank you so much
for watching this video if you liked it
give it a thumbs up and leave a comment
let me know that you're enjoying the
vlogs also
sure to subscribe because the next vlog
I am trying on my wedding dress and it's
so exciting alright I'll talk to guys
later bye me
