Merry Christmas
whatever you celebrate Oh nobody's had
any sleep I don't know where Angela and
Josh and I don't know where Angela and
Eric and Josh Angela brought her husband
Josh I don't know they were but there's
somewhere around here anyway we gotta
get to go talk I gotta get to the beach
everyone else wants to take a nap girl
I'm going to the ocean I think we're
gonna get laid really slow they'll give
me one are you awesome
vultures all the gonna walk slow
Aloha
Aloha you've been night look we have a
cool cabana this is so nice you just
ordered a bunch of food and look at the
beautiful view this is incredible oh my
god I am obsessed I've never
oh the beautiful views Rachel balancer
I've never been to the Four Seasons in a
waka before this is my first time here
and it's amazing so it's beautiful here
I'm so happy we just ordered so much
food because we're all about to eat our
own feet
this hotel is awesome my room is
gorgeous
he just got announced that season 3 of
haters back off is not gonna happen
they're not renewing the show so we only
get to do two seasons of haters back off
I'm really really grateful that I got to
do it but yeah it's really sad and it's
but it's really great seeing everyone's
responses online I was just like reading
them one like crying so thank you to
everyone who's so supportive and a bunch
of people are tweeting like hashtags
save haters back off and yeah I wish I
could do more of the show like
desperately yeah I'll talk about that in
another video later but it is nice that
I get to be here like I was I was with
Angela and Eric when the news came out
so that was really nice that I got to
look at them but anyway um I'm gonna try
to enjoy the time here because this is
so cool that I get to be here in Hawaii
on tour and I get to be with Angela and
Eric and my family so um we're gonna
have a fun night and go out to dinner
and I think I'm gonna put my phone away
for the night which will probably be
good so today is kind of a crazy day I'm
also really tired I didn't sleep last
night if you guys been watching my blogs
everyday you saw that I have not been
sleeping yeah that's the team but I had
a nice time at the pool we spend a
couple hours there thoughts nice
emotions we are watching the sunset but
it's very cloudy today so there's not
really any Sun
but we're trying to watch the sunset and
there's mostly just pretty clouds but
then we're gonna go to my favorite
restaurant in Hawaii which is monkeypod
it's super young to have the best
strawberry cream pie thing
I'm totally gonna eat that for dinner
it's so so good so I'm really really
excited about that also I forgot to
mention Nicola a good friend of mine
who's been on YouTube longer than me
like he's like one of the og youtubers
he's watching my kitty cats for me so
everyone go show him some loves go
subscribe to him he posted a video today
already in my house you guys wanna see
updates on the cats and see my house go
check out him his channel is only awake
he's super funny really talented and
he's been on YouTube for forever so I
love him and I'm so grateful that he is
doing that he's best yeah we're about to
go get some dinner after this sunset of
just cloud ahh
so we're tired we went to monkeypod for
dinner which is like my favoritest
restaurant in the whole entire universe
look I'm on the magazine in Hawaii
there's like a whole spread about me in
the magazine look at this that's very
exciting it was a good day I was really
happy that I could be here with Eric and
Angela and my family and we all just had
a really nice time at dinner and just
talking and laughing and being happy and
I got to meet a couple of you guys and
um actually Katie who's the sweetest
sweetest girl she's been following me
for a while and I've met her a couple
times here in Hawaii she came to the
restaurant and brought me a little
present like I'll show you the cookies
and a sweet little note and look a teddy
bear she was like I saw your tweet about
the show and I don't want you to be sad
so I brought you this present I was like
my little heart just exploded it was so
sweet and I just want to say thank you
guys so much for like tweeting such
wonderful sweet things it makes me so
happy and it makes me feel a lot better
to know that you guys are so supportive
and kind and wonderful and I just have
to say again I said it a little bit
yesterday but um you know I'll talk
about haters a little bit more when I'm
ready
but for now well you guys know I'm so
excited for the projects I'm working on
and for the future and for my career and
for Miranda and this isn't the end of
Miranda and this is the end of me like I
have so many wonderful things I'm so
excited that I'm working on and I can't
wait to share with you guys and I'm
excited for the future yeah I just
wanted to say that but I am really
disappointed obviously very sad but yeah
I'm gonna go to bed and tomorrow we have
a really fun day in Hawaii so stay tuned
the work never ends I know I said to bye
but it's not goodbye it's hello because
we're in Hawaii and Aloha means hello
and goodbye so um I need to make a prop
I didn't have time to do this when I was
at home because my computer exploded and
I had the worst night ever the night I
left the night before I left so I have
to do it now before I go to bed even
though I'm really falling asleep and I'm
so tired I really want to enjoy Hawaii
tomorrow so I'm trying to get all my
work done tonight as much as I can so
let's do a crab
okay now I'm going to bed goodnight
