hey guys Wow burger just ate it I am at
my brother his house right now and
yesterday I had this long shoot day and
I was gonna vlog but it ended up being a
really hard day like I did not stop
working the entire day and it was kind
of a frustrating day so I decided not to
vlog but now I'm with my family
tada Jessica Parker Jacob Sarah what's
your name again
oh that's Bailey and Christopher how
long have you been doing that is what I
wouldn't know have you been doing the
belt I'm waiting so I think you know
were there right now and I don't know
how many of you guys are subscribed to
their YouTube channel but you should be
because if you are subscribed to my
vlogs it means that you like vlogs and
they vlog all the time with these cute
adorable kids say hi say cheese okay I
love you oh he said I love you bad Jesus
is that what you said yeah but I'm gonna
hang out here for a little bit and then
tonight tonight I am going to dinner
with Jenna and Julian and Joshua so stay
tuned for a fun-filled day
give it to me
so we're at a restaurant that the kids
love and it's right by the airport the
kids can run around and pretend to be
airplanes it's been one of Christopher's
vlogs before right now that I think you
were crawling on the floor are you guys
airplanes what's going on where's Parker
it's probably paying it in too
so Bailey disappeared and I found her
playing with every snail in Southern
California
what are you doing Bailey I'm collecting
snails okay so this is so random but I
met these lovely ladies Gillian this is
Sophie
and they came up and said hi they're
like hey do you want to go on a
helicopter ride and we of course said
yes oh my gosh we are in a helicopter
you guys excited
I never thought I was gonna wake up and
today when I woke up I was not like but
now it was such an awesome day did you
guys have fun back in LA with my baby
that's me I'm the baby and we just had
dinner with Jenna and drew lien and brat
and it was super fun because you're
filming I think I'm a gentleman you a
gentleman watch he's opening my door
because I'm a prince laughs thanks baby
I have to pee so bad and that was really
nice time like it's just a normal dinner
with normal people now I get to hang out
on my bay this is my baby
I'm gonna hang out tonight and just be
normal people
oh this song Henny Penny song why is
this on a radio like this is silver will
still be read Josh I just filmed the
video let me show you what Josh
currently looks like look at Josh he
looks super cute right now he was
wearing shoes but he was complaining
this feet hurt welcome to my world I
could see your butt in the mirror right
now look at that too he also just shot a
clean corner together which will go up
on Tuesday
alright I'm gonna go I'm gonna close
this vlog which I'm really bad at
normally I have to shock them
remembering to close the vlog I love you
guys thanks for watching and subscribe
for more vlogs I've been having a lot of
fun posting vlogs again I will have my
nice camera back very soon I lost my
battery in New Zealand so soon I will be
vlogging with my camera and not this
phone Oh guys and I'll see you tomorrow
or wha
