good morning I'm on set I have to be
really quiet because they're filming but
look who's here today twists up her much
and I'm wearing the sparkliest jacket
I'm probably done getting my hair done
but someone else's hair is already
finished and you need to see it ready to
do some magic the most creepy ever
alright so I'm super excited because
Christopher and I are going to do a
magic trick that I've seen before in
magic shows but now I'm going to do it
I'm gonna get cut in half I'm actually
going to get cut in three parts so I'm
super excited and I'm really nervous but
I think it's really good what it's a
childhood dream of mine okay I know you
know the Third's
he he came upstairs after seeing it and
had the biggest smile on his face I've
ever seen in my whole life he's so
excited to saw me in half it's gonna be
amazing
you oh alright guys so I just dropped
shooting and everything on my wave cuz I
mean oh I know I'd never worn extensions
before it's the first time ever and it
just made my hair so full and long and
luscious and now there goes the second
layer goodbye we've let me keep it ah
maybe next time I'm so I just got
chopped in half which was crazy the
episode we just shot was a bunch of
magic incorporated with makeup and I
didn't get to film any of it because you
know I was in pieces but I do have a
little clip of it so you guys can check
that out
it was crazy so now that we're done
shooting I'm gonna go home and see Josh
okay we are at my house we're back home
and Christopher's trying to kill us up
that yes it's that it's some askew
weeders keep one fell swoop yep it's out
oh oh my gosh look way killer with two
the grace Helbig show will be seen if
that grace gave me when I was on show
the other day so now it is the official
bug killer and the grace Helbig whoopee
cushion so if we come on my house kill a
bug with this whoopee cushion did you
guys watch the show did you watch my the
grace Helbig show leave a comment what
did you think I'm so excited okay
Oh
