hey guys so today I am dressed like I
don't know what I'm dressed like but I'm
at a shoot for I love makeup I'm doing
like a series with them and look at they
did my makeup all like mermaidy
yeah I'm at the shoe it should be pretty
fun I don't know how much I'm going to
be shooting for my vlog today because
I'm going to be busy shooting for the
show but I'm going to be doing this for
the next few days so I'm gonna vlog it
coming on with me and see how my weird
outfits mom is on Saturday let's go mom
great come on my field beard all right
now I am Miranda and we are at this
cupcake shop and they look so good we
could shoot here all day cuz I think
they want to torture me all there's less
sicko ideas normal alright so all these
cupcakes have been taunting me all day I
just want to eat all the cupcakes but it
said I'm slaving away having to shoot
this show it's torture oh my god you
guys listen my favorite TV show in
universe is Dance Moms I'm obsessed with
Dance Moms it's the best thing in the
world and so I'm watching the new
episode and Nia's mother Holly mentions
how some of the girls went to todrick
halls house and Nia wasn't invited
okay so I met Maddie Mackenzie and
Kendall at todrick's house one night I
got an Instagram picture here it is and
it was like the best moment of my life
I had a heart attack but Nia wasn't
there and I remember being like why
isn't he here and todrick was like oh
Abby wouldn't let her come and I was
super sad because I love niet and I
really wanted to meet her look what
Holly says on the episode of Dance Moms
flat spine Jill and Melissa took Kendall
Maddie and Mackenzie
and Outland todrick and topic is a great
director producer internet sensation no
one called Noah texted there was no
invite theater full yes all the
Instagram posters like wait a second
what's that she was a lot of garbage
Anatomy cry herself to sleep last night
the event that they are speaking up were
they go to todrick's house without Nia
was the night that they went to Tasha's
house to meet me which means I was kind
of in an episode of Dance Moms a little
bit I'm kind of having a heart attack
because my favorite show in the world
and Nia
if it is true that you cried yourself to
sleep like Holly says girl you come to
my house next time and I will hug you
and I will cradle you and you will not
fall asleep crying will fall asleep
happy because of how amazing of a time
we will have together because I love you
I'm sort of a part of this episode of
Dance Moms they didn't mention me at all
however I know that they're talking
about the night that I was at todrick's
and I know that that night they went to
todrick's house so they could meet
Miranda and so I'm really I'm having a
moment I'm very very excited oh my god
I'm so tired it is 11 p.m. I got home
from the shoot a few hours ago and as
you know I am watching Dance Moms I'm
kind of just cooling down editing and
you know I have to wake up in a few
hours to go back to shoot more but
tomorrow my brother is gonna be on set
which is super fun and the next day my
sister is gonna be on set and Corey's
gonna be on set and Jessica so it's
gonna be a really fun next couple of
days shooting it's gonna be crazy like
there's gonna be so much to shoot but um
it'll be fun it'll be a fun couple of
days so it's been nice getting back into
vlogging and getting back on YouTube
however on my shoulders hurting pretty
bad so I'm gonna try to find an editor
pretty soon to hire it just sucks I
really like editing it makes me feel
connected to you guys in some weird way
anyway I'm going to go edit a little bit
and watch some more Dance Moms Maddie
I'm waiting for Josh to get home so I
can cuddle him and go sleep right love
you guys see you tomorrow
you
