Hey I'm back I'm back I'm back a little
speed bump so what's up guys I'm gonna
vlog today I am blogging and driving
which oh my god I'm gonna get so much
beef or there's a crack in my windshield
my hands are on the ceiling steering
wheel and I'm looking at the road but I
am also kind of holding the wah camera
so don't kill me so here's a situation
for those of you who've been out of the
loop which I can't imagine because it's
all I've talked about I ruined my back
in my shoulder like they're not this
right arm is really always in a lot of
pain so the doctor the doctor was like
you're not allowed to edit you're not
allowed to work so I took a couple weeks
off work but at this point I just miss
it too much so I'm back and you're going
down with the steering wheel I am
driving to my sister's house right now
to finish editing Maclean's corner
because I had her edit it it's really
hard to have someone else edit your
videos for you because everyone has a
different personality when they're
editing and everyone has different like
comedic timing beats and stuff so she
added it and I was so grateful but it
just it didn't feel like a caline's
corner to me so I'm gonna go over there
and kind of tweak it to try to make it
feel right and the rest of the day I'm
kind of like chilling out because I just
spent the whole weekend with mamrie
doing hey USA which is a travel show
that she does and it was so fun I was in
San Francisco and Napa all weekend and
it was so exhausting but it was like the
most fun I've had in such a long time so
I can't wait for that episode to come on
you guys gonna love it it is so
ridiculous I laughed harder this weekend
that I think I've left in my entire life
she is hysterical so anyway I can't wait
for you guys to go see that and make
sure to go follow me and subscribe if
you aren't already because she's like
she's
alright I'm gonna focus up driving now
and not tell myself get me oh my god
I just finished working at Rachel's
house and now I'm driving back to my
house however my lip is twitching and it
is so weird and so annoying and it's
driving me insane but I want to see if I
can catch it on camera cuz it is so
bizarre
why it's so weird I'm headed home right
now and I have to shoot a bunch of
videos because for the rest of the week
I have like all these shoots for other
projects how are you kiddos I am home
and now I'm going to film some videos as
many as I can turn I think of ideas it
is so hard to come up with ideas every
single week so I'm gonna try to film a
couple videos for me and a couple videos
for Miranda I made these coasters that
I'm like super proud of so aren't these
so cool
I think they're so cool I made them last
week with Cory and my friend Heather and
I kind of want to do a tutorial on it
cuz it was super easy and it's fun and
it's like such a good gift not that
anyone uses coasters on this planet
except for me but um I don't know I just
think they're really fun to make so I
want to like teach people how to do it
but maybe I won't I don't know what to
do alright I'm gonna go try to figure
out what I'm doing right now look at
this look at this why is doing that so
annoying like stop bitching look I don't
know it's been going on for like 2 hours
and it's just really obnoxious good
morning it is too early I am about to go
do physical therapy for the first time
for my shoulder and a little nervous cuz
I'm not athletic at all and I don't know
what they're gonna make me doing there
and I'm also nervous cuz I'm in pain I
didn't take my pain meds today because I
don't think I'm supposed to and I do
physical therapy because it numbs the
pain and I don't want to do a stretch or
do anything that like will make it worse
so I'm a little bit nervous hey guys I'm
back from physical therapy and I did
something I haven't done in years I took
a nap I got home and I was just like I'm
so tired and I just wanted to cuddle
Josh so I just got in bed
and called him and passed out like an
hour and a half which is so not like me
it just shows how tired I am so but
physical therapy was good I am supposed
to go back twice a week for a few months
which I don't know how that's going to
be possible with my schedule but we'll
figure it out so now I'm waiting in 45
minutes I'm getting picked up to go do
the grace Helbig show so that should be
really fun so I'm here on set at the
grace Helbig show I just fell in Miranda
video and look who's here to greet me oh
gosh it's my BAE and my cousin money
back Miranda nice I want this way it's
what sold only James I love the swings
okay alright let's go
as usual I forgot to close up the vlog
yesterday but thanks for watching don't
forget to subscribe and today I am
dressed like this for reasons you will
find out in the next vlog so make sure
to subscribe I love you guys I will see
you later bye
you
