oh my god I'm a mess I look so gross
because I just cried so much Oh
so the reason I look like this and I've
been crying my face is all swollen is
because my dad is here my mommy
surprised me and my dad just showed up
at the airport and two surprises he's
only here for a few hours like he leaves
in the morning I can't believe he did
this and he's in Australia what
everybody say hi my god so um anyway
Cristina knew that he was coming so she
filmed him surprised and yet airports
are here is that footage
you
and then number
you know we're like freaking out because
I cannot believe you easier I'm all of
our emotions are so heightened because
we're all so exhausted and we're all
just like she's been working 24/7 go go
go shows every single day no sleep like
and so we're all very emotional and
exhausted so seeing him just like made
me like oh it's so good to see him I
love my dad
we're in Canberra now ah so we have a
show tonight and then tomorrow
thankfully we got a day off cuz I love
performing and I love meeting you guys
but and I love travelling but I'm so
tired I'm excited too
tomorrow we're doing is flying to
Adelaide and then I can rest which is
good I'm starting to get the airplane
pants yes me too airplane pants all
right um I'm gonna go hang out my dad um
remember mum Tim I need you to hold it
back
I got you mom I'm gonna try she's gonna
whip up yes yes yes yes Oh ha josh is
tan no come on bunny do it okay Tommy
fell over you're not gonna pull it you
all right I don't want to do that amel
we're backstage I feel like all these
videos looks the same because it's all
just like backstage oh I'm on stage oh
I'm at an airport um so sorry about that
but um I'm back today my daddy cyrano
being my son easier
yay dad are you exhausted I'm sewing
class decided exhaust decided the best
word I've ever heard
exhaust decided you're so exhausted the
only reason you're awake because you're
so excited so where did you fly in from
Seoul Korea and why are you flying
tomorrow morning finishing through
Singapore
you're insane yeah yeah where you
reaction oh good
are you excited mom are you exhaust
decided no I'm just excited but for you
exhaust decided decided I'm exhausted
hahaha in the middle that nag I'll be
ready and Renier a little above the arms
you're gonna hit that wall
right
ha how much it is the funniest thing
that ever happened it stop Sunday school
looks really comfortable bye daddy
here's my ticket hi Daddy
love you oh shoot and now we are in
Adelaide of me are we yes who don't know
where I am anymore
that would make fun of us because if we
gonna give every single one of our vlogs
we ask each other where we are yeah we
just don't know we don't know everything
so we spent the whole day at airports
and in airplanes even though the flight
should have only been a couple hours it
was just like the works trying to get
here all the flights were delayed and it
was just we got to the airport at 8 a.m.
and we got to Adelaide at 4 in the
afternoon so it's been a very long day
but we're gonna go get some food because
we can put on a show tonight that means
we can like go walk and find a place to
eat food this is a new thing for me I
haven't done this in a long time alright
we're gonna go find some food and then
probably go to sleep at like 6 p.m.
because I'm so tired
bye guys
