hey guys so today I am super excited
because we are at the Koala Sanctuary
and we're gonna hold koalas and hang out
with koalas and I'm just super super
excited
don't stick your tongue out at me and
it's rude
yes it is who taught you that your
mother would not be proud of you look at
you just penetrating your tunnel I know
there's amazing food here but this is
quick and easy and I know it and when
I'm traveling smooth and I just enjoy a
McDonald's because it reminds me of home
even though it's disgusting and I never
eat McDonald's when I'm in America I'm
gonna go eat a cheeseburger hot frog now
we are at the venue and wow it hurts to
hold the camera while in arms I'm sure I
was about to start I'm tired tomorrow we
have two shows in Melbourne we wake up
and they for the airport at 6:00 and
apply to Melbourne and then two shows
and then die how you doing mom it's
great an adventure every day are you
doing teens we missed you today where
were you I missed you too I was spending
time with my family I got to see my
uncle I was so happy
he's got to hang out with your um my
uncle that
hey guys we are now in Melbourne
whoo-hoo I did not vlog at all yet today
because it has been the craziest day we
woke up at like 5:30 to leave for the
airport then we flew to Melbourne and
now we're here we like barely had time
to eat or do soundcheck and now we're
about to hop on stage we literally came
straight from the airport so it's been a
little bit of crazy day but we have one
show right now and then we'll do a meet
greet and then do another show and that
I mean great and then that's all this
walk is gonna be so I hope it's
entertaining we'll see what happens
let's come on stage
all right the first show is over and now
it's time to do the second show
I'm so tired oh my god but I'm excited
to do a second show and look who's here
candy camera sees me Oh
just with your hand in
all right just finish ii III I'm an
opportunity toast I'm not of the
Bingbing I'm so tired but candy tini
ladies and gentlemen alrighty so we're
going back to your hotel and go through
all the gifts we got some killer
presents tonight at the show so much
amazing artwork that just like blew my
mind I'm very excited to go through all
the letters and everything I love you
guys let's see right at the hotel
