hey guys we are now in Brisbane Brisbane
it's a Brisbane mister engine it's a
Brisbane Brisbane so we are going to go
on an adventure right now we've been up
since the wee morning hours and quickly
made new friends making new friends oh
my hair fell out oh yes
super spikes man-made Beach pool land
Kristina's very upset the people aren't
covering up there but horn come on
good night Sasha who has been in a lot
of these vlogs showed me this vine that
I had never seen before I'm totally
relate to the bandwagon but it's this
little girl who wants to take a nap so
desperately and it's the funny thing the
world this is if you want to can app
make a movie okay taking that birthday
every time I watch it I laughed so hard
I so we've been imitating her constantly
on this trip all right I'm gonna go to
water cuz it's so hot I'm dying right by
the water coaster get him so hot
like it very much
it'd be my friend and I'm right ale I
don't want to go in I'm like it's like
at that point where my so it's actually
kind of cool to think how many cops are
the Sharks in here I don't know so we
just wanted water it was amazing and I
was just relaxing and it's amazing
memories a mission and mom and Anna Josh
are all getting ice tea somewhere in air
conditioning but we wanted to enjoy the
sunshine this is the first time I've
been in the Sun since I was in Hawaii in
December so I am just the happiest ever
right now we're going to take a walk
soon to the Botanical Gardens I think is
its plan and then go to sound check and
we've all had about four or five hours
of sleep
we're going pretty strong I don't feel
tired you're tired we are at Max Brenner
that was a special song and I got a
chocolate milkshake and I wanted one I
wanted to moe c'mon shake and they were
like that's impossible and I was like
just put some coffee into a chocolate
milkshake and finally after fighting
with them for like 15 minutes were like
we'll try it but awesome tastes good I'm
like how can about these good coffee
chocolate mocha milkshake so I'm a
little nervous this is going to be
horrible but by not a minute I got it
it's good but there's something that
I've noticed here in Australia
milkshakes are not milkshakes it is
chocolate milk people in the pictures
it's not thick it's straight up like
it's liquid it's milk that has chocolate
flavor I don't know how they are saying
that there's chocolate shake it's
delicious
the counter shake chocolate shakes are
thick Rachel I'm in agreeance everything
find your son
boom games morning and don't don't get
on my green boy things are you serious
okay good okay
house anyway alright we are walking
through you're like Tanika Gardens or
something it's gorgeous looking you'll
get all the it looks like Japan Park
Yeah right here oh good night hi guys I
just got offstage I'm not naked you know
it definitely looks like I got really
sunburned today look at this and Anna's
trying to like not be the shot I don't
know what you're doing but it was really
obvious it was like you're trying to be
discreet it was the worst possible way
so I have a nice crack on my shoulder
because for the past few months I've
been having really bad shoulder and back
pain if you follow me on twitter you'll
see that I'm always at the doctor for it
but yes I've been having shoulder and
back pain and so I'm doing with that
josh is looking sexy as ever
so anyway my shoulder and back were
getting so much better and I was super
excited and today I didn't feel any pain
at all for the first time in months
and then I got on stage and just did
something in round so now I'm just
cuddling ice and it feels really gone
time for me and great goodbye oh it's so
cold all right
I don't know what time it is it's like
midnight or 1:00 or ever both hmm
and Wow Erin Josh's ami and vlogging
what's your water them how I'm in a lot
of pain you are yes what do you need
music what happened to the room I happen
to the room seriously what happened in
this room
hmm it hurricane Colleen swept through
I'm sorry I'm messy I'm sorry
this is very messy I haven't a lot of
pain I'm gonna try to go to sleep what
is wrong with me I was like two guys
tomorrow I love you thanks for watching
you have a date dang good night
