hi we are in Newcastle now we drove here
today on the most terrifying bus ride of
my life our bus driver was like swerving
into every car on the way here and it
was a really windy road and the car felt
like the wheels were made of rocks and
they were not circular wheels but they
may be worth square wheels so it was a
really hard car ride for all of us but
we got here
we wouldn't had some delicious lunch at
like a chocolate cafe shop it was so
good and now we're just waiting to go to
the theater for soundcheck and look at
the view it's so pretty it's gorgeous
just we're right on the water and
there's a nice pool below gonna chill up
a little bit I'm going to write in my
journal before we go to sound check
which I wanna show you guys cuz I'm
actually really excited about this I'm a
total nerd and I started journaling this
trip because I feel like a lot of times
I go to these amazing places and I take
them for granted because I don't
document I vlog everything but I don't
have anything like written down and I
don't know I just feel like it would be
cool to have everything written down so
I have this book that I got in New
Zealand and it's full of like it's full
of like my flight stuff and a backstage
pass room keys necklace someone gave me
the meet-and-greet stickers that were
given to me by you guys more flights so
just I don't know I just I've been
filling it with stuff and I've been
writing in it every day and I think I'm
gonna write in my journal before we go
do sound check and oh man laying in this
bed makes me want to take a nap alrighty
hope you guys I'll see you at the
theater alrighty guys I'm not sure you
the theater
right right sound check back here's the
theater it's a pretty one for the
ceiling is super cool it's so pretty
all right so we're going to send gifts
that without at the show tonight and
someone gave us this like hair twister
machine and session is doing it to T me
right now and I think
teenies about to lose all of her hair
and be completely bald and I'm very
excited about it so here we go
this
you mean me neither like oh my god
you
