hey guys we're in Sydney now hey guys
we're in Sydney now welcome to our room
let's do a room tour if you look to my
right there's a TV
it's flat-screen hooked us up let's
check out the guy we got the bathroom
toilet is in the back folds out into the
hallway let's go into the kitchen stove
top marble cool let's go into where the
magic happens babies will be made there
just not by us thanks for the room tour
thanks enjoy enjoy your stay at the
Holiday Inn
alright listen up guys I have to tell
you was sorry cuz something terrifying
happened earlier today to me good matter
don't it was scary don't be mean it was
scary not being mean it was dramatic
you're on the plane doing this it was
not cool I was scared
umm so on the plane Josh and I were
watching Survivor because duh and on the
episode uh there's like this this music
is not the right background music but
it's playing on the TV so we were
watching survivor and someone's head got
gashed in and blood was gushing
everywhere and so I literally was like
wow that's really gross why do I feel
really nauseous
I feel really queasy something's wrong
and I guess like the sight of the blood
and like uh someone's head getting
bashed in made me nauseous I don't know
what happened but I fainted full-on
passed out I looked at Josh I was like I
don't feel well and like Rachel said my
face went completely wipe my lips
disappeared like I was just completely
passed out um next thing I knew someone
was grabbing my wrist and checking my
pulse and making sure I was okay and put
like cold rags on my face on my neck and
I was there was tears streaming down my
face but I wasn't crying like I wasn't
like
trying to cry I wasn't I didn't feel
like I was crying I could just feel like
tears Jimmy Davis it was really strange
so I just randomly passed out on the
airplane it was really weird so I know
what's going on me but I'm fine now I
just needed like a breather I I don't
know it was really weird very weird but
now we're in Sydney and tonight we're
going to go hang out with a family that
I used to nanny for when I was a lot
younger and now they're all adults so
that makes me feel really really weird
and Josh is doing ballet
is that what you're doing
your boat looks really good those jeans
alright I'm gonna go I love you guys bye
hey all right
and I'm not the dinner with this lovely
lady and this one this is Sasha Sasha
makes me feel really cold because I was
written nanny when she are better when
she was like seven six or seven or
something like that and I was her nanny
for years we grew up together
and now she's like an old woman
so it makes two songs oh well she's old
lady she doesn't look old to me
ah you Charlie be creepy
in CBC
No
all right the next day I'm a toast
granola so I am so bad about nation so
yesterday we had a great time with Sasha
and her family and it's so crazy I grew
up with them like it's it's so weird
being around them because they were like
my family my second family and so seeing
them again is it was really great anyway
I'm going to go explore Sydney and this
vlog is over have a great day and go
kiss a cat fine
