this place is awesome it's so pretty I
love it it's so pretty I just there's
not really any words to explain it it's
just really really pretty I love it
that's all so now we get to go drink a
nice cold beer hey Jackson want a beer
do any beer yeah yeah Oh Jackson what
are we about to go get a beer say yeah
beer my favorite part of the tour you
get a beer mom did you get beer
I got ginger I'm not an alcoholic rich
where'd you get got a stout you got a
stout so we drink these beers then we
drive two and a half hours back to
Auckland and then we have a show Cheers
alrighty so Hobbiton was really fun
we're about to do the show I'm really
tired
hi guys all right so I'm gonna do
tonight
I have a little message for my haters
hey everybody what's up I am still in
New Zealand it is the next day obviously
obviously oh wow I'm really not good at
blogging it's I gotta be honest guys I'm
gonna be honest damn it is really hard
to vlog when there are 800 people
vlogging around you
Christina's walking rachel's vlogging
and josh's vlogging and i've always
since i started doing youtube
consistently i've always vlogged while
i'm on trips like this but now i feel
like it's not even necessary because
you're getting it from three other
angles from three other peoples so I
feel like every time I thought my camera
is someone else is pulling out that
camera I'm like okay well they're gonna
see it on their channel so do I really
need to do it too but it's not cuz I
love vlogging so I don't know what do
you guys think that I should like cool
it with these vlogs and just let the
other people flogged should I be
vlogging - do you want to see it from
800 angles just let me know what you
guys want in the comments below or if
you'd rather I just vlog when I'm home
cuz I know I get overwhelmed when I'm in
my subscription box on YouTube and it's
like flooded with people that I really
like and then I stop watching certain
people to watch other people and I don't
know what do you guys think Jenna I'm
talking about am I making any sense I
don't know who I am what am i doing
alright so right now I'm looking at the
view in Auckland and it's just freaking
gorgeous look at this it's unbelievable
people have been jumping from the top of
that all morning not to their deaths
it's like a bungee jump thing so um
they're not dying they're just jumping
and bouncing back up and it's a thing
anyway today we are flying to Sydney so
that means it's our last moments in New
Zealand right now I'm getting ready to
go to the airport and it's super sad
am i Mariah Carey yet stop texting me
I'm vlogging alright I'm gonna go to the
airport now
and oh also I know the sad thing about
today we're saying goodbye to Jackson
and Simon Christina's baby and husband
and we're touring Sydney without them
because it's gonna get a little too
hectic on the Australia tour Dyson we're
gonna tour Sydney their tour Australia
I'm a mess I'm so tired
I'm so we're going to how do you blog
I'll do it the vlogging do it how do i
okay I'm doing am horrible vlogger
I'm quitting vlogging alright we were at
the airport leaving New Zealand that
which means that at the end of this vlog
New Zealand is off and now we're headed
to Sydney so I'll see you guys tomorrow
baby that I could say when I get around
to editing my Sydney vlogs day Haiti
behind that long all right I love you
guys thanks for watching and leave
comments I'll be reading these comments
I figure out what you guys want me to do
because I don't know about these slots
okay
