Alexa pause the music hello Alexa how's
the damn music that's the opposite okay
Oh
Alexa hates me and just so you guys know
we've never talked about this but Alexei
to me she never does anything I say so
today I'm flying to New York City to go
to Joe Josie was movie premiere Joe Joe
is a good friend of mine she's a sweetie
she asked me to go and I was like I am
coming up on the deadline of my book I
am just so stressed and she's like
please come I really want you there and
I was like all right but you have to
understand like I will be working on my
book the whole time she's like it's okay
I just really want you to come so I'm
going it was my brother and my
sister-in-law and their four kids and
Rachel and Corey and we're literally
going for 24 hours so here's my book
this is the second half of the book this
is the first half of the book I'm almost
done with it so I think I'm gonna take
this with me to keep working on these
pages and perfect them but I have to fit
this into a tiny carry-on and I haven't
even put all my clothes in here yet so
this is gonna be interesting I've been
trying to figure stuff like an hour I'm
determined y'all I'm struggling
I bought two jackets because I just want
to wear something simple so I'm just
wearing all-black but I was like well if
I wear a fun jacket then I could wear
all black so I bought this sparkly gold
one because it's Nickelodeon movie it's
Jojo its kid you know it's like a kid
thing so it's like oh this is kind of
fun but I bought this jacket and I think
it's a way to extra
I'll show it to you look at this jackets
it's so fun but I just think I mean I
know the other ones extra to because
it's like sparkly but I look like a
muppet I love it I wish I could wear
this one yeah this is so cozy I'm
obsessed with this one this better not
be real freaking feathers or I'm gonna
have to return it cuz momma don't wear
real animals
these look fake I think it's fake anyway
so I think I'm gonna go the cold one but
I really like this woman come Oh mother
Goose I figured it out first of all
originally always always always match
any event we go to anywhere we go
somehow she shows up in my house wearing
the same damn ring this is my dad's
jacket
from a million years you don't want it
this is my jacket by the way a lot of
you guys think this is Eric Stockland
jacket it is not small it's like an
actual arm my jacket but anyway we both
are wearing the same jacket today but I
love to shock it because it matched a
jag of my dad wore in the eighties I
loved it in the early 90s and not
Rachael owns it so that's cool I figured
it out I put half of my book I like
split it up in a bunch of different
binders and I was able to fit some of my
suitcase some of its in my carry-on I
literally brought two outfits so my
whole suitcase is just my book so I
figured it out really she's naked but
I'm out
turn your head around there's a mirror
behind you anyway we made it to New York
and I'm in a film video right now Rachel
gave me my diary from my high school
years you guys know I've done a bunch of
emo diary videos before I've read emo
Diaries but I ran out of good entries
because I didn't have this diary I am
blown like so much drama so much email
like it is the best diary I've ever read
in my life of anyone ever like it's
hilarious I'm furious I didn't have it
seen her because I'm currently writing
my diary by mirandasings and so I wish I
had a sooner for inspiration because I'm
almost done writing my book but I'm
gonna film a video um reading that right
now we wouldn't got pizza when we got
here with the kids I went up and saw
Jojo and Kalani and Kendall from Dance
Moms were here which I did not know
which is kind of cool I haven't seen
them in a while
um yeah we are you think it's 2:00 in
the morning what is it we're going to
tonight's 140
so I'm gonna try to film this thing
really fast and get her done all right
then I think I'm closing this out
because I think I'm done but uh yeah I
need to think of a video idea for Rachel
too because she otherwise he's gonna
film it in the morning and I don't want
to wake up so only take 15 minutes but
come up with a video idea anyway um yeah
I can't believe we're in New York City
this is so wild but Jojo got us
sweatshirts and cupcakes and she's so
sweet and the kids were half asleep and
I didn't vlog any of the pizza eating I
was just too angry yeah I love you guys
and I will see you tomorrow
