whatever you celebrate what's up
everybody today I am frantically trying
to do 800 things to get ready to go to
Hawaii kiss tomorrow morning at 5 in the
morning I'm going to Hawaii with Angela
Kinsey Eric Stockland Rachel Bollinger
Corey DeSoto mom balance your dad
Ballinger PR running errands I have some
errands to run for the show and we're
now going to some vegan restaurants for
lunch because Los Angeles but yeah
that's what we're up to party party
party party hardy all day long guys
alrighty guys I'm home from shopping
with Rachel I'm so behind schedule have
so much stuff to you today and I'm just
like really sucking at doing it all hi I
guess I can say this now because you
guys the Miranda video will all be
already be up by the time I post this
I'm doing this really cool thing for the
month of December I'm really excited
about it as Miranda I am doing a month
of like just different types of videos
there's there's a lot of collabs it's
like basically a month of collabs which
I've done before I've done clab months
before I don't think I've ever done a
cloud month as Miranda I've done it as
me but every single weekday I'm posting
a video on the Miranda channel and it's
kind of like a web series documentation
of Miranda's life type of thing I don't
really know how to explain it but I'm
really excited about it and I think it's
gonna be really cool and really great so
just please watch every single day um in
the miranda Channel I'm really excited
about it
so the first one goes up tomorrow so
that's why I've been like collabing like
crazy filming like crazy I have this
really cool idea for the month of
December with Miranda I'm just really
excited about it I'm a lot of cool
projects and working on that I'm super
stoked on and yeah I'm excited to bring
you guys with me but for now I need to
make some sort of ocean wave looking
thing that's what I'm about to work on I
don't really know how I'm gonna do it
I'm trying to think of a cool way to
make a couple sheets look like water
put all these little sheets together
tell me if this looks like a Miranda
made ocean except I need to find an
outfit for mother Mary of Jesus of
Nazareth I need to make my baby doll
look like Jesus and I need to figure out
how to figure out like a manger or some
sort of situation that could look like
him you put a baby in it so that could
be troublesome okay so I decided I'm
gonna do the carts and crafts later cuz
I can do arts and crafts and make props
and whatnot what I'm tired and like
watching a movie or something later but
for now while my brain is still a little
bit active I feel like I should be doing
my editing so I'm editing my video for
tomorrow which will already be up by now
by the time you see this that kind of
talks about what I'm doing this month
and how excited I am and I feel like and
it's so hard with Miranda because I
can't explain my excitement about things
or like really explain what is going on
through Miranda because Miranda's an
idiot
but for those of you who are watching
this vlog channel I can talk to you and
I can tell you guys that I'm really
excited about this month of Miranda
videos so basically this month is I
kinda explain it a little bit earlier in
the vlog but it's like a web series but
it's like I'm really excited about it I
was like what do I like about YouTube I
like I liked when everyone was clapping
and working together and promoting each
other so I'm gonna try to collab with
bunch of people I already have club with
a bunch of people but I also want to try
to make it interesting and different and
kind of all like a through-line like a
story so I'm just really excited about
it I think it's me really cool and I'm
I'm so I'm editing the first one right
now and I bought a new like camera and a
new lens to like make the videos look
different and weird and funky and like
I'm just excited to try something new I
think it's still Miranda it's like it's
not like a lot has changed but it's it's
just a little bit different yeah I'm
excited about it I'm gonna run to this
grocery store and get some stuff for
dinner say I wanted to say one more
thing though there's an announcement
being made about haters back off and
it's really sad news
and so yeah I'm not I think people are
gonna be waiting to hear what I have to
say about it
and I'm just not ready to talk about it
yet so when I am I will and but yeah
just so you guys know I'm I'm really
excited give me a second
I'm really really excited for the future
of Randa and for the future of my career
and all the cool things that I'm working
on like I'm working on a lot of like
really exciting things and I can't wait
to tell you guys about them and share
them with you because I know you guys
are gonna love the projects that I'm
working on - but haters back off I'm
just not ready to talk about yet so when
I am I will because you guys know I'm
very open and honest with you guys
so I will talk about it very soon when I
feel like I'm at a mental place that is
like stable to chat about that but for
now I I love haters back off and I love
the experience and I loved everything
about it but I'm trying to sort out that
in my brain but for now I just um it's
too hard to talk about it just yet bye
anyway emotions no okay I'm gonna go
good stuff to make pasta because pasta
makes everything wonderful I love you
guys and I'm gonna use stuff for dinner
okay I have to go to the grocery store
but before I do I'm gonna give a cat
Hema I'm gonna give the cats their
favorite treat in the world okay so this
is actually like not even a treat it's
like a vitamin essentially it's for
their eyes because Persian cats they're
Eisley and it can stain it like leaks
like black brown colors really gross and
it can stain their fur like a dark brown
color so you have to clean their eyes
like a few times a day
and give them like filtered water and
that helps with their eyes and use like
these treats that are supposed to help
for like a month
so I just started giving them these and
they love them like are obsessed crazy
cats for these treats as fast as to
break it
she's gonna go to take her prey and eat
it she sometimes does that she haven't
takes her food and like goes and hides
it to eat it smell bad whoops hold on
come here come to eat it good boy you're
like freak out over those if they didn't
really do a good job of freaking out
right now they kind of are boring but
normally they like freak out so sorry
that was not that was very anticlimactic
she's such a good little girl she is a
purr monster she just started like being
obsessed with purring and like pet being
pet Gus isn't like being pet like he
walks away tries to get away from you he
doesn't like being pet or touched he
doesn't mind being held and he'll cuddle
you if he's ready for it but he doesn't
like to be pet she really loves being
pet so she's my little sweetie and he's
been queen you're my queen Gus I love
you good I'm honestly having one of the
most frustrating experiences of my life
I'm having a very frustrating time right
now because Cory edited a rough cut of
like four claps for me today like he
worked his butt off all day he's been
sitting at this computer editing all day
so I've been running errands editing
videos on my computer and he's been
editing on this one he went to bed but I
was so grateful for all the work he did
and I was like okay now I can take these
videos that he did and finish editing
them myself because he does like a rough
cut and then I do the final version
Final Cut is no longer working on this
computer which means all of the work you
did today it's gone it's gone
watch this final cut okay it's opening
one final cut open up oh it's open how
exciting is this book it's open nope
it's gone it's final cut quit
unexpectedly click reopen to open the
application again click report to see
more detailed information center for
tackle this has been happening to me
every time I try to open it it just does
this every single time there's I've
looked online there's no fixes I don't
know what to do I don't know what to do
because that's for videos and poor
literally work
all day on this and now I can't we're
leaving for Hawaii and literally a few
hours like in seven hours I'm leaving
for the airport and I need all those
videos to be exported and put on to my
computer so I can finish editing them
and I can't even open freakin final cut
like I don't know what I'm going to do
like this is this is stressing me out
that means we have to edit them all from
scratch again and he literally edited
for like 12 hours today I don't know
what to do as literally don't what to do
so I'm trying to like see if I can work
around the system and try to export the
project onto an SD card and see if I can
get the project to open up with my final
cut on my computer but it just happe I
don't think that's gonna work either I
also have to film videos I don't know
what to do what I'm freaking out and I
wish this was something where I could
like tell you guys to comment cuz a lot
of you guys really smart with the
internet and tech stuff and you could
tell me what to do in comments and stuff
but I'm gonna be in Hawaii already so it
will be useless information at that
point this is really cool this is been
one of the worst nights so we finally
got the final cut to work it's 1:00 in
the morning my car is getting here in
four hours I was trying to film a video
and I just couldn't finish it because I
am stressing too much about this I'm
just I'm a mess so I'm right now we're
kind of getting it to work we're kind of
getting it the final cut to work on this
computer so now I'm trying to export
these files one at a time onto an SD
card to then put onto my computer to
then edit them on my computer this is a
nightmare so luckily tomorrow I have
nothing to do once we get to Y except
for lay on the beach so I can just edit
the whole time on the beach and tomorrow
on the flight I can just sleep the whole
flight there so that's good but it's
been a hell of a night so I probably
have another two hours of work to do
which means whatever that may be three
so then I'll have two hours of sleep
before the car gets here um yeah do
anyway I love you guys and I'll see you
in Hawaii
you
