hey guys I'm in New Zealand burper don't
steal my intro how dare you and it's hey
everybody hey I want to take you guys on
my adventures I'm in New Zealand right
now right now in Wellington and I'll be
travelling all around New Zealand in
Australia for two and a half weeks it's
absolutely created beef wellington
that's work frenzy I am I take you on a
tour backstage first show so right now
all of my dresses are hung up and really
wrinkly so we need to iron whatever ones
I'm going to wear um I'm very indecisive
so I make Rachel bring like six or seven
dresses and then right before I change
I'm like I always want to connect
spicket and then be practically iron it
and guess and then here are the
suitcases that have all the right of
stuff in it right now also some sage
this is where I keep my fiance right
here I keep him backstage right there
this is where I keep my best friend
Christina this is where I keep my road
manager seat I know but like when the
show when she goes out she's working
dude just finished the show and audience
is amazing um we kind of did a new
version of the show sort of it was like
my old show combined with my new show
anyway it went alright the audience is
very really lovely um and look who's
backstage with me flip my good friend
slip Hey and my good friend Jackman
Jackson say hi see subscribe say sub hey
subscribe
he said scribe good close enough close
enough alright I'm gonna go do my video
let's go comfortable vlogs ambush stop
filming me
I don't want rain is running here
gonna go backstage I like doing a single
when I vlog just to make Josh angry
let's go oh so tired we just go back to
the hotel and um the show is really
great the audience is awesome the mean
great was fun I'm so tired I think jet
lag is finally hitting me because it
feels like it's 3:00 in the morning and
it's only like 11 so I'm struggling
right now but tomorrow morning we're
gonna wake up early apply to Auckland so
I'm gonna go to bed love you guys see
you in one second for you but it will be
tomorrow for me alright it's next day
we're at the airport going to Auckland
and look who's here
a dragon why is there a dragon in the
airport don't know I'm not complaining
it's cool but it's really weird
I'm backstage at the theater and look
who's here my bae my boo you're my BAE
and your life
Josh ate the biggest steak known to
mankind today initiate you almost
finished it Simon Jackson are working
Jackson working hub of money you working
hard for the money
oh yes you are indeed working hard for
the money and eating it the theater for
tonight all right
so now we just wait till soundcheck and
then do
I just got offstage and someone just
handed me this
let me see you babe oh my gosh
it's crazy come closer cuz it's it looks
like it's like clay or something but
it's actually really like oh like it's
good she's not weird and it came with a
tongue Josh oh oh my god you guys
give me the most creative things
alrighty so I forgot to finish the vlog
yesterday but um thanks for watching
guys you're the best I don't know I just
did this like a weirdo we are now a
Hobbiton where they filmed the Lord of
the Rings movies well I guess part of
the Lord of Rings movies I don't know
I'm not a huge Rings fan don't tell
anyone but thanks for watching this
video if you like to please subscribe
and hopefully tomorrow or the next day
will be the next vlog of me here at
Hobbiton and things so I love you
goodbye
you
