oh my gosh I got a new phone camera one
two you move on
Julien Josh's friend come on my friend -
Julien got has this camera and I always
am like obsessed this vlog because it
looks so freaking good it's like I have
to get it I have to have one and so Josh
went out and got one for himself and got
one for me which was really sweet so
Josh and I just basically wanted to be
Julianne and Jenna I guess because we're
totally copying them and getting the
same camera Rachel's here myself when we
are in the backyard doing crafts we're
still working on the Miranda book for
cleaning up Max is starting to get dark
and cold and we're getting eaten up by
bugs don't read that I just showed you
guys a page on accident I just showed
them a page of the book I'm not supposed
to show them pages of the book but I
don't care alright so we're cleaning up
and I'm gonna Bob today because I have
not been vlogging at all which is
horrible of me and now that I have this
route awesome blog camera I'm gonna vlog
more and this is really hard okay so
there's a viewfinder above the camera so
I can see myself and I really want to
look at myself because I'm conceited
it's really hard to look into the lens
so I apologize look how nice it is oh hi
it's really really clear and I can see
myself oh that's not old so teeny and
Simon are here and they're gonna come
sue the night and hang out with us I'm
super excited and now Corey is on his
way and mamrie's on her way
ah my mallet friends how much time for
again oh my god you knew we're doing
that you deserve a drink
she's killed yeah yeah I'm so excited
yeah girl crush you're crying
she's sobbing alright so I'm here with
Mamie and emani's person on the internet
with up there you go there you go so we
just made some drinks that I'm not gonna
tell you anything about because you're
gonna have to subscribe to memories
channels she's to both of them are
hysterical okay and um watch her all the
time like I do Josh and I binge watch
you often when I'm out of town I found
out that Josh watches you late at night
which I don't know how I feel I see one
of my logs like who I'll watch late
night and it was you it was you yeah so
you don't watch as long as what you're
saying
why don't you don't watch this video I'm
Inge and I'm behind anyone who subscribe
to memory she's like the funniest person
on the way I was about fool√≠s my
favorite youtuber named Rhys my favorite
eat female method that's not true at all
from an outsider the only non Ballinger
that i watch is that one oh I'm playing
with Colleen's Bloggie have you named it
can't be why you - that's a terrible
name we're currently looking for a fly
because mamrie wants to put it in the
Miranda book yeah naturally
everyone in the house is searching for a
dead fly thing just wait is that a
cricket
I found a cricket oh well the cricket
were perfect I'm not touching it well
someone else's house right there cricket
that's a cricket
that ain't no creek that is a creepy
what do you think that is cricket that's
another annal crickets don't have
antennas out of that long oh my god
everyone
that's not a pretty you don't know
crickets in Georgia at least twice that
sucks yeah Georgia all right so I have a
bunch of like little tiny succulents and
plants all over my house and they're all
fake because if I had anything living it
would die and Cory was watering them the
other day he watered these fake plants
because he was like well clean it's
never gonna wanna them they're gonna die
so I'll do it I hate it wad real i
 wire I swear why you're watering
her plants and they're fake
does look real I don't talk anymore I
was like oh my the nice no I was so fat
oz like coins always gone these puns are
gonna die without my help
nursed unto life and they're not even
alive no not about alright um take
almost midnight and I don't know what is
going on cuz she work at Chili's OOP
there just like bouncing are you guys
doing
now sissy that walk all right guys we
had a really fun day kind of just
hanging out and working and doing
whatever and Cory is in a cocoon and
we're gonna go to bed so thanks for
watching I'm going to try to vlog more
often now that I have a nice wall camera
and I will try to not look at myself
like this it's total asshole I'll look
at the actual lens love you guys thanks
for watching
