hey guys I am driving I apologize I'm
looking at the road though not you I'm
really really sick but I felt like I
should vlog because I can finally talk
about this book that we've been writing
and I kinda wanted to give you the
behind the scenes information on the
book so right now I am driving to my
brother's house he lives about an hour
away from me and we're gonna work on the
book all day and this is kind of what my
life has been for like a year
Christopher Knight drive back and forth
to each other's houses and work on the
book yesterday we worked on the book for
13 hours anyway all that to say you guys
should go get the book pre-order it
excuse me because if we get a ton of
pre-sales then the publishing house
might want to do another book and I want
to do another book as me and so the more
people that buy the more I could be like
see I told you people will buy the book
and then let's do another one and then
hopefully we can so please go by I'm
super excited about it I'm super proud
of it the book is really funny and
Christopher and I've been working really
really hard to make it funny we've been
laughing hysterically for the past year
just writing this stupid ridiculous
funny book it's so hard to work when I
wasn't the kids cuz they're so cute look
at what Bailey's wearing make sure what
you're wearing
it's an old mirandasings shirt
Christopher and I have locked ourselves
in rooms for a year and we finally just
finished 250 pages of Miranda help it is
just outlined right now we have some
other pages completely finished but the
majority of them are just drawn getting
Tom I can't show you but a lot of is
just drawn so we have to take pictures
get props tape colors hairs and it's
gonna be non-stop work for the next
three weeks I'm making the book actually
a real book I do not be porn I can't
show you too much you have to buy it
go pre-order the book
we're at my dad's work taking pictures
for the book because the chapter on
career so we needed an office
hey guys so I'm around right now and
it's a few days after what you watched
we've been working on the book but I
also had a lace shows last night night
before so I was busy with that but
Christopher is back back I'm gonna take
more pictures and I'm about to announce
that the book is on sale and I'm really
nervous I'm really excited I'm just so
happy that we can finally talk about the
book with you guys so whenever we're
working on it I can say oh my god these
pictures in the book are ridiculous or
oh my god we just found a huge hairball
that we're gonna tape to the inside of
the book like I said you able to tell
you guys these things and Cory's here he
spent the night last night tsukino a
show yesterday oh yeah I'm super excited
were gonna take some more disgusting
pictures and I can't leave I'm
announcing the book this is so weird so
crazy go by the book okay my phone ran
out of room and my vlog camera is dead
but I have to tell you guys that we just
put the book up and we just announced
the book is on sale oh my god people are
buying it Christopher's here we just had
a book dance party the weirdest thing
about this book is that Miranda is gonna
get all the credit for it
when in reality Christopher it did 90%
of the work and I and I put in quite a
bit but I mean Christopher put in a lot
of work and clean that's we talked about
myself there present but going and
Christopher pretty much you're not gonna
get any credit and we work so hard on it
together and we're still working so on
it the next to mine
are gonna be insane us working like
constantly 24 hours a day on this I'm so
proud of it I'm so excited oh my god
this is so crazy I'm just on Twitter and
seeing you guys screenshot that you guys
are buying the book and it's like it's
insane and it's like the first day where
it's like yeah like just seeing people
being excited about it yeah yeah yeah
it's crazy it's been people be excited
this yeah we've been working for a year
like a full year we've been working on
this book and we haven't been able to
talk about it we've had--we've no one's
known about it so it's just been like us
working hard with no reward and now it's
like oh my god this is really really
exciting so yeah I can't wait so cool
all right we're gonna go take some more
pictures of me what are we about to see
pictures of me doing I doing your eye
makeup okay I'm gonna pretend your voice
ridiculous horrible we're doing the
beauty section we're taking pictures of
the beauty section and I'm going to be
doing my makeup terribly with disgusting
things all right
Gately all right we are taking pictures
I have a tutu on and one of the pictures
we're gonna do is make a thing and I'm
about to dip my face into some sprinkles
this is what this entire process has
been like like I squeezed a bag of tuna
and Mayo into my mouth today I just had
whiskers on my face like this project is
so weird
show them the picture of the cat eyes we
don't to show you guys too much because
I want me to buy the freaking book but
I'm so excited I want to share it all
with you so that's the cat working on
all right so Chris weird I've been
working on the book today and now our
mom is here
and Joshua is doing Medicis likely and
we are gonna pop open a bottle of
champagne because our book is number two
on Martin wall of the hundred
best-selling books we all never do there
you go
so we're gonna open up some champagne
and then work on the book sound the
phrase sound the break celebrate by
working more
