oh my god okay so Ricky just got here
and I was I had no plans of logging
today but I was sitting in my living
room waiting for Ricky to get here
casually and in between my television
and the wall there's a crack this big
and I saw an animal poked its head
through and I thought it was a mouse and
I screamed and then it came out was like
sort of lying on is a huge bat in my
living room so I ran outside cause I'm
terrified and so Ricky got here when um
the bat was in my house and I was
outside so I don't want to go inside but
now I need to go in the living room to
open the front door so they can fly out
and I don't know what I'm like freaking
out okay okay I love your house agent
work you I see it it was fitting I just
burned boards I blew yes it was like on
the window like right there just like we
think that mm-hmm hey take two you jump
out you know although we have your
chance thanks Maya
yeah I know that's what I'm saying
Josh just got here Hey we are outside
okay and it is just chilling inside the
house we tried to do on the window it's
still right there Felix said the air
it's on the inside it's on the inside of
the car oh my gosh that's creepy dick
that makes me feel like it wants to eat
that soul lying around Josh I saw its
little tiny nose poked between the TV
and the wall and I was like it's a mouse
it's a mouse it's flanker and I thought
swing so I thought it was two mice it
was terrifying you go out of my house
you okay claiming he's coming out no oh
my god oh my god that was the most
horrifying thing as ever happened to me
that so that was horrifying but we did
get the bat out of the house which is
great news thank you for watching don't
forget to subscribe to my vlog channel
for more terrifying adventures like that
one
I'm Ricky and I are about to film a
collab so look out for the clouds later
in the month of February there's a
little bug in here that's why the
freakin bat came in to eat the bugs I'm
freaking out
alright love you guys bye
