hey guys I'm in Las Vegas and I'm
deciding to vlog because why not and I
am here with my mom and Rachel and dad
and you shwah Adam anyway we are
backstage and we're gonna go do a show
in Vegas and yeah so come along my dad
and my brother just said they're gonna
eat crickets
so we're filming this bacon cheese
flavored cringe and they have I would
meet just normal cricket it's disgusting
so here's the breakdown of what you're
gonna be eating
there's the rump the flank the drumstick
breasts and the wings all in one
Welli it's in one bite mom's only one
this is the biggest one Oh
expert wing fell off I took us drumstick
can I have a drumstick so gross I'm
staking my hole they're all doing it now
I'm jelly house ring oh my god when I
read the link you go wait mom you want
to stay with them I want to see this
yeah come on and wash get closer okay
one two three
knock him out gone mom I can't believe
you did that you won't eat sushi but
you'll eat a crib doesn't taste like
bacon cheese or cricket Wow actually the
most uneventful video I've ever filmed
look at this view
oh my god
alright so the show finished and it was
a show the audience was super really
really really quiet but it was fine um
anyway we're back at the hotel we're
staying at the Tropicana and it is
unbelievable it is so beautiful they
hooked me up with the nice room look at
this thing it's huge it's beautiful
Oh what is happening why is this
happening what is going on why is this
happening I want to be the dude
my phone sitting on what is happening
what is going on there's just no reason
I don't know anyway we're at the
Tropicana and it's amazing
this view is absolutely insane
so big thank you to Tropicana for
hooking me up cuz this is just I mean
it's unbelievable I never want to stay
anywhere else on their clean the slot
who you're gonna live in large $1 what
are you gonna do with it oh you're
playing the back here oh wow would you
wait one one credit 25 cents
oh my magic hi guys all right so now
it's the next day I woke up really early
and went and did a collab with Ryan Higa
which was super fun I don't know if I'm
on tell you that
so oops um but that was fun and now I'm
back at the hotel
and we're getting ready to go to sound
check and go backstage at the show and
do another show so did you find your
charger watchman Hey I'm so tired and
I'm really starving
I really am really tired and can you
lean it but at least my view is awesome
Oh like that there you go all right so
the show finished Mayans was amazing it
was super fun I had a Skype meeting and
Rachel left ahead of me and went to the
back to the hotel and she took
everything with her including my shoes
so I am barefoot and I have to walk
through a nasty casino Oh socks
I have socks this is wonderful news I'm
very happy about this all right so we
are going to go back to the hotel and
then we're gonna go see the Michael
Jackson show tonight so you be skippity
do all right bye guys walking in my
socks in the whole thing what a meme my
thumbs in my whole damn oh wow I totally
stopped blogging last night and it is
now the next day which is Monday is it
Monday and last night we went to dinner
at the Tropicana and the food was so
good and everything was amazing and all
of a sudden I just was like I am so sick
I was like I'm gonna throw up or pass
out like if it was gonna faint I went
upstairs and got in bed at like 10:30
and just crashed
I felt so so sick and I think what
happened was my body was just like nope
I'm done oh I'm shutting down because I
did a a week long tour which I kind of
logged where I did seven cities in like
seven days or something crazy and then I
flew back to LA for one day and the
whole day was full of meetings and
shoots and all this stuff and then I
flew straight to New York and had
meetings all day and then shot the view
and then flew straight to Las Vegas and
then had two shows in Las Vegas and then
last night it was all done and I think
my body was like oh I'm going to I'm
gonna stop working now I think that's
what happened so I fell asleep at 10:30
and now I feel much better I feel great
so today I'm we're going back to the Los
Angeles Jewish wha-what should goin boy
here look at that cool jacket where did
you get that jacket JA we saw that
Michael Jackson show last night and it
was so good we loved it it was so much
fun
I got a Michael Jackson shirt Josh got a
Michael Jackson jacket that he is
proudly sporting I'm excited to go back
home because we get to pack up our whole
entire apartment that we've lived at for
two years and move to a house we're
moving this week which is so weird I'm
gonna go get some coffee because I need
it I'm very tired this is the house I'm
moving into next week really nice it's
right across the street from New York
City so it's really convenient
I'm home I'm home I'm home so happy to
be home
I just uploaded a Miranda video and now
I'm going to edit and upload this video
and then I'll probably film caline's
corner and edit that a little bit and
then maybe we'll get some food I'm
really happy about
I'm also as you can see there's like a
red tent above my liver Miranda it is
completely that lipstick just has
stained my skin it's like a tattoo I
have a it's my first tattoo I got my
first tattoo but actually it's really
disgusting it looks like I have a
disease or something and I've been
Miranda for over 24 hours now and it's
still on my skin I have taken a shower
I've washed my face like 10 times it's
fun it's cool glad that I have that on
my face it looks really cute alright
I'll talk to you guys later I love you
bye
