good morning everybody
yes oh sorry I have totally not logged
the last couple days I just needed a
break from it because I was burnt out so
I did not vlog last two days however I
was in Jacksonville Florida and then
yesterday we just traveled to North
Carolina so I'm in North Carolina right
now and I'm about to film a bunch of
videos of my sister and yeah that's how
the day is started but today I'm
vlogging my sister's at the dole it's
great to stay up late
good morning we are on our way to the
venue to do a show where are we Durham
North Carolina I spent the day filming
and editing go check out my video that I
posted on my main channel um it's my
morning routine while I travel also I
can tell you guys' now I'm going to New
York next week to do the view so you
should check it out watch on Thursday
I'm so confused by it but I don't
understand why I'm doing it I'm like
what do you do you do know that I just
make youtube videos I have no good
opinions on anything but yeah I'm gonna
go be on the show as myself too which is
weird I when I first was asked to do and
I was like they want Miranda on the view
no no they want you to do it is you
which is really weird so make sure to
tune in to the view on Thursday hey guys
about the theater I'm backstage and
sometimes I get super spoiled with the
stuff I get and right now I'm so happy
because I have all this fresh vegetables
and hummus and all these delicious
fruits which I'm so excited what
chokolate water beer and ice cream free
ice cream it's delicious I'm so excited
that's my jam right there hey dude a
chance I'm speaking I'm excited for this
show because I like performing but I'm
not excited for waking up at 4:30 to
wait do we have to be at the airport at
5:00
yes so we have to leave at 4:30 yes such
a good before oh my god
I'm just not going to go to sleep
tonight I'm pulling an all-nighter
because it's gonna be easier to stay
awake that wake up
this is my pre-show ritual is just
singing along with Ariana I love my life
are you kidding hey guys it's me Maria
and I have a little message for the
hater or song
well the show is finished and we are
ready to go back to the hotel and go to
bed anyway thanks for watching guys make
sure to go check out my channel Rachel's
channel and her vlog Channel all right
so I have this really disgusting habit
where I bite and rip the skin off my
fingers and I do it when I'm stressed
and when I'm bored and both of those
feelings emotions you have yeah and so
this trip since I've been in a car I
will do it cuz I'm bored in the car and
I like to feel like I need to do
something and I've also been really
stressed so my fingers are all like in
pain and sore and bleeding and it's not
Keo
