morning everybody all right so we are in
Orlando and I'm making coughing I'm
making confit you know editing these
vlogs every day
first of all makes me realize how this
is really boring because we don't really
do much on the road like we just kind of
sit in our hotel and then we go to sound
check and then we do a show and then we
go to sleep when we do it again I'm
gonna try to vlog other stuff because I
feel like all the vlogs look exactly the
same they're like look I am in a hotel
room look I am in a theatre look I'm in
my hotel room again and you guys are
gonna be like look I'm unsubscribing cuz
this is boring I've spent a lot of time
thinking on the road this week I'm just
in airplanes and whatever about YouTube
and you guys and last year and this year
and how it all started and everything
and I never want YouTube to be like just
a job for me
because that's not what it was when I
started doing this I did it because it's
fun and I like you guys like I feel like
I'm posting videos for my friends to
watch and lately sometimes I feel like
I'm posting videos because I need to pay
my bills and I don't want it to become
that so I don't know I I guess what I'm
trying to say is I'm gonna try to spend
more time just talking with you guys and
telling you about my life as opposed to
look at all the cool things I'm doing
because who cares like I mean any guys
care but I don't know I guess I'm not
quite sure how to express what I'm
feeling and what I'm thinking I've never
been good at that you can ask Josh I've
never been good at expressing what I'm
feeling I just feel like I need to make
a little bit of a difference and how I
am approaching this but for right now I
am just kind of answering emails and
watching The Bachelor because I'm
obsessed for that show do you guys watch
the show what do you watch on TV cuz I
watch The Bachelor I watch any trashy
reality television that's like my
favorite and I ordered this last night
which has been sitting there rotting and
I'm totally gonna eat it for breakfast
that's what I'm up to you I don't know
what I just said I feel
just talk for five minutes about nothing
but I feel like there are thoughts and
feelings inside of me and I don't know
how to make them come out of my mouth in
a way that is understandable and
cohesive
okay here's mm be honest with you guys
I'm gonna stop beating on the bush and
I'm just going to tell you why I've been
thinking so much about this lately
first of all YouTube is getting really
oversaturated like there there are 10
billion trillion people with channels
and I know for me personally I'm
subscribed to a lot of people I'm
subscribed to my friends and I'm
subscribed people I just enjoy watching
and I can't watch everyone anymore
because there's just no time like it's
impossible to watch every single person
and I know you guys can relate because I
know you're subscribed to a lot of
people so to keep up with everyone's
videos it's impossible and I'm like
what's making me special it's making me
stand out because my videos are just
gonna get lost in the subscription boxes
and no one's gonna want to watch me
anymore because I'm not entertaining
they're gonna watch these other people
who are have more entertaining lives or
we're funnier than me or prettier than
me they're gonna watch them and not me
and so that's kind of been on my mind
lately and then also I've been reading
comments on other people's videos a lot
lately and there have been some
youtubers who are kind of bashing
ourselves like saying that like
youtubers are fake and youtubers are our
rude our rape youtubers are not good
people and well I don't I just don't
understand why youtubers would bash each
other like I don't understand it and
it's really like it's it's upsetting to
me and so I've been thinking about that
a lot lately and then instead of being
like angry at other youtubers I make
sure I'm supporting instead of being
angry at the youtubers who are kind of
throwing us under the bus I'm like okay
well then maybe they're right like am I
being fake am i you know being someone
that I'm not am I am i rude to people
like am I am i coming off as a diva like
I'm so I'm trying really hard to think
about how I'm expressing myself and
being myself in these videos because I
don't want to ever come across as fake
but to view guys or to my fellow
youtubers or people that I meet in
person and and no one has anything about
me or to me personally but there
with the YouTube community and I'm in
this community so I want to make sure
that I'm representing it appropriately
that's been on my mind a lot lately and
I just want to make sure that I'm taking
the time to get to know you guys and I'm
taking the time to be nice to other
people in this community I don't know I
still feel like I'm a jumble of words
that aren't making any sense right now I
just I just want to love this I just
want to love making YouTube videos and I
really do I'm not saying that I don't
enjoy this I do I just want to make sure
that I'm doing it right and I don't want
to make a mistake I don't want to be
fake I don't want to be mean I want I
don't know what I'm saying do you guys
understand what I'm saying am I making
any sense I don't know I like oh oh I
just might but all I could say is that I
love YouTube and I love making videos
and I really like you guys and I like
everyone that I've met on YouTube I
don't know but even if there are people
that I've met that I'm not quite fond of
I don't think it's fair to say on here
you tubers are divas or you tubers are
assholes our youtubers are fake because
you can say that about any person like
you can say sometimes people are fake
but don't say youtubers are because you
are putting down this community and what
is the point of that like that would be
like me saying well all all actors are
fake and all actors are mean because I
met one mean or rude actor or all
dentists are total assholes because I
once had a bad dentist that's I just
don't like that that is happening within
our community like youtubers should not
be putting each other down and you guys
should not be putting youtubers down
like this community has a hard enough as
it is with people connecting with this
and respecting this that like I just
don't like that we are putting each
other down anyway um I don't know what
I'm saying I just I want to make this
community better and I don't quite know
how I also want to make sure my content
is entertaining for you but I don't want
to be fake and like try to make
something crazy happen while I'm filming
cuz things aren't crazy like I'm sitting
in my room drinking coffee and eating a
cookie and a cake for breakfast like
it's not necessarily entertaining all
that to say I love YouTube I love my job
I love you guys and I just I'm just
thinking about it a lot lately thinking
about this job and I want to make sure
that I'm
coming across the right way and yeah
that's all a lot I just said a lot of
words and basically said nothing okay
I'm gonna go all righty so before every
single show I sign headshots
all righty so my show is finished it was
really fun and I met a lot of you guys
and I found this it's a huge lipstick to
Miranda sings someone was holding in the
audience and actually saw it during the
show it's really heavy I can't believe
someone was like holding it up though
show but um it's pretty funny so I
wanted to show you guys you guys come up
with the funniest and weirdest gifts
from Miranda and this is I've never
gotten a lipstick this large before so
props please the venue for some people
waiting
do you like my leg warmers senator
director duck get it done done Anton you
guys give me the weirdest gifts so I got
to meet a bunch of you tonight after the
show which you just saw and that was a
special treat for me because about 95
percent of the time I am NOT allowed to
go out and meet people because we either
have a flight to catch or that's not
safe or there's just a million reasons
why but security the majority of the
time will not let me meet people after
the shows and so it was nice tonight
they were like there's a bunch of people
outside and I was like can I meet them
and they were like yeah you can I was
like really
what so I got really excited and I got
to meet a bunch of you um anyway we are
just hanging out going through all the
crazy gifts you guys got of us and we're
gonna have some room service and go to
sleep because tomorrow we're driving to
Jacksonville Florida for another show
the one thing that was a total bummer
about the show tonight was the techies
like the people worked at the theater I
could tell really did not get Miranda
and we're pretty like sour faced during
the show and I could see them bull show
so I'm just like looking in the back of
the theater at people who clearly hated
my soul so that was kind of strange and
hard to perform during but the audience
was great that's good
anyway I'm gonna go enjoy friend leg
when I dance in it
senator Bentsen in sentiment
slain from Tokyo
