so I totally sucked a vlogging yesterday
and I just stopped but we made it to on
New Orleans for me now I'm I have a
question last night I was talking to
Josh from the phone and I said New
Orleans and I guess that's wrong because
he made fun I mean says knows New
Orleans so I think I've been saying
wrong I'm at the theater I'm backstage
and just hangin out and that's what I'm
doing we have two shows today at 3
o'clock show and a Seminole on show yeah
all right II was going to show one yeah
good and now we're going to go to the
ingry really fast because then we have
to quickly visit stage and now you can't
see me at all and do show number two
water to my phone I did good that was
such a good praying oh good job I got
you so good that's your thumb picture
thing I'm making coffee because I'm
falling asleep
why did it's on my hand why is it cute
gross bris showing really well it was
really fun and now we're waiting do the
second show up I'm falling asleep
backstage and I thought the show started
at 7:00
the starts at 7:30 and I just kind of
rocked my world it's not that big of a
deal I'm like it really blew my mind a
little bit um I was so prepared to get
up and fun
I know make up um anyway yay
one more show and coffee is going to go
into my veins mouth goodbye all right so
I'm backstage and I can hear everyone
the audience it's not like someone who's
like yes or you are there six or seven
Oh
there's someone rallying up the crowd
just one of the kids becoming the leader
so I'm going to tweet I hear my marfan
is in the crowd I'm in New Orleans let's
confuse the workers at the theater if
you read this start chanting Squiggy
which we didn't see if they see it so
it's gone you're making happen I wish
you could see them
okay so it's a good job nothing really
loud with lots of robots well
they're doing you guys are hilarious
all right so the shows are done we made
it through whenever we get through to
show day I'm like very I feel pleased
with what oh Rachel's yelling at me all
right I gotta go um I'm gonna go meet
some of you guys see in a minute
