hi guys I am so tired as you can tell by
the huge bags under my eyes I am
starting off my 2015 tour here in
Houston and I'm nervous he added some
stuff to the show Judith screaming so
we're kicking off this year in Houston
it's a matinee show and it's a it's a
little tiny club that I performed at
like a year and a half ago so it's great
it's bringing back memories how shy
working this is a really old video we
have to change it and it says like with
over 100 million views on YouTube and
girl I'm past 400 million now so I need
to update that ish
I just got offstage um the show went
surprisingly well considering welcome I
mean there were definitely technical
difficulties throughout the show and um
I guess I didn't tell you guys about
this I haven't thought about this who
did you tell no I didn't so we're
running the show through the internet
from like from Wi-Fi from our computer
to the projector and the internet went
out five minutes before us was still on
stage it was three dose three minutes
before yourself to go on and so I was
like what are going to do so we had to
like change the show and put the hook
the computer up in the sound booth which
is on the other side of the huge room
and this show there's a lot more
entrances of me like I had a queue and
then I run on stage like immediately and
I was on I was in the back of the
theater she was sprinting back and forth
but we started the show 30 minutes late
because they're trying to set up the new
city way it's boring mumbo-jumbo
technical defend here I was really
stressed about the new stuff I was
adding but it went okay like there are
things that I forgot and there were bits
that didn't work having the cut and bits
that I needed do better but it was fine
whose mine I think it went ready for our
first show and it being a disaster
report it was alright so now I'm gonna
do the mean green and they were hopping
in a car and going to the airport and
flying to New Orleans is we have two
shows there tomorrow that's weird ok
alrighty the show is finished I just
finished the meeting green and what dark
you cannot see any Kenny zoom either
going to Disney World on Monday what
upload to your mobile so I'm gonna be
vlogging this whole week um it's not
crazy
I think I might be a little bit crazy we
are everything apart we are
t-they me me me me me
shout out to an old blog was out of my
channel yours mine I wasn't reaches
channel it's a funny day boredom at the
airport means weird airport montage so I
just experienced the worst thing that
could ever happen to a human being some
of you might have experienced this
before and it's when you're in a public
restroom I do wait to pass this guy cuz
he was throwing a lot of shade when
you're in a public restroom and you
examine the toilet seat you're like
looks pretty clean looks pretty good we
still put down the seat protector
because obviously and there was droplets
of someone else's pee but you did not
see when you examine the seat and it
soaks through the toilet seat cover and
get on your skin I want to die every
time happens I feel disgusting I want to
shower just and then when you stand up
it's like the toilet paper seat cover
like sticks to your legs it's disgusting
it's awful so um that just happened to
me has that ever happened to you that's
horrible it's the worst thing
best lane from Tokyo
