Merry Christmas
whatever you celebrate good morning
everybody or good afternoon or good
evening or whatever time of day it is
for you I am so excited because life's
been stressful life I know you guys have
noticed on my vlogs we've been a little
bit down lately I've been emotional I've
been kind of all over the place so
what's this thing to do when you're
feeling down pop on some ears and go
visit Mickey Mouse
so Frankie Grande is meeting me and
Rachel and Cory and Eric and a bunch of
Frankie's friends are coming but I new
asks how long until Frankie gets here he
said 3:45 yeah my goal today is to get a
boyfriend I'm trying to date Mickey
Mouse that's my goal I'm gonna or Donald
Duck or Goofy I'm gonna make one of with
my boyfriend I'm gonna try to find one
of Disney characters and ask him to be
my boyfriend that's a plan for the day
okay Rachael mine decided we found these
pretty rings Mickey Mouse rings a little
focus so we are going to propose to each
other in front of the castle
we leave them something for me
shop
trying to get down on time so that it
didn't it was great
watching for a long time you would know
the tripping game is which is where you
pretend to trip in front of people and I
don't know why it's so entertaining but
Frankie is the queen at this ice news
Frank are you here just kneel and let's
see
I got new ears we all upgraded our ear
so Frankie got here I got jay-z airs cuz
Daisy's my baby and Rachel got a cool
hat everyone busted off the new years so
we're looking good and now we're headed
to Carson which I love cause we just did
screamin California screamin with a wife
surprise career bunch of soup
I'm al rice salad and then go on a
roller coaster so I don't know how
either knowledge has gone there right
now but we're about to go on all right
clothes cars cars cars cars ghost guards
fast go fast
Rachel what's it like to be an engaged
woman you know I feel a little trapped
in a good way I'm also not signing a
prenup hey I want your stuff bro your
dog you can't have my dog okay I would
be so I cannot be gentle
I love
I'm home it was a lovely day it was so
sweet of Frankie to kind of set all that
up and for my friends to kind of take me
to Disneyland it was really really fun I
had a blast as the best day ever
tomorrow I have to get ready to go to
Hawaii I can't believe I'm going to
Hawaii I haven't planned at all I'm not
ready at all I'm a hamas so tomorrow's
gonna be a little bit hectic I'm gonna
be a stress ball
but thanks for joining me at Disneyland
today I had so much fun and I'll see you
guys next time goodbye
you
