whatever you celebrate what's up colleen
ballinger is it's your girl Colleen and
I'm am I doing it as I was do you know
ah today I went to therapy first I had a
meeting with people on YouTube and just
talking about how the views are changing
a lot and YouTube's changing a lot and
they were just like yeah YouTube's
changing and they gave me some thoughts
and advice but gonna have another
meeting cuz I didn't quite get what I
wanted from that meeting so we're gonna
set up another one to try to talk a
little bit more about it all but one of
the things they said was like
traditional vlogging like this just
isn't as popular anymore because people
can get this interaction from it's just
story and snapchat and Twitter and
there's like all these places where
people just talk casually like this so
people are going to YouTube for higher
quality content which makes a lot of
sense but I can't imagine ever not
vlogging and I guess the people who do
blog daily are like making it really
cinematic and pretty you know like Casey
nice dad are like even like Jake and
Logan Paul are doing like really intense
intensely edited and intensely filmed
weird things so this like old this is
very old school what I do my vlogs so
that's why this channel maybe is not
doing as well as it used to or maybe
people who still like me anymore who
knows anyway it was a good meeting and
I'm excited for the future of all the
fun things I'm gonna be doing on my
other channels but I feel like with this
vlogging channel like I'll always just
do this regardless if people want to
watch or not like I like just talking to
camera casually but anyway I went to
therapy and haven't been
a really long time but the other night I
was just feeling sad and I thought I was
having a lot of thoughts in my head and
I've I've been struggling with feeling
like sad and confused and stressed
mostly stressed lately and so instead of
just like sitting in my own thoughts and
wallowing and I was like well let's do
something about it I'm gonna take action
type of person who like if something's
wrong I want to fix it right away on the
fixer and I always want everyone to be
happy and everything to be good and so
if there's ever an issue I'm like okay
let's fix it immediately and be good
again so I emailed my therapist know
just like hey I'd love to have a session
so I went to him today and it was really
interesting like I didn't really know
what I was going to talk about when I
went because I was like my brain is just
kind of a mess like I went in and I was
it my brains a massive like so many
emotions and thoughts and I've just been
keeping it in what I started talking
about just automatically was not what I
thought I was going to talk about you
know what I immediately started talking
about was something that like I didn't
realize was still affecting me so
heavily and things that I have been
through personally and how that is
affecting me now still and
and so we're gonna work on you know
trying to you know have
we're just gonna work on me which is
good I think it's really important to
work on yourself and always try to be a
better person and always to try to
improve yourself so even though I'm not
like a total like mess right now it's
super emotional and like things are
falling apart it's not like that like
life is pretty good I've just been like
a little down and so I was like well
maybe it's time for a mental check-in
and like your brain is part of your body
and just like you're supposed to eat
healthy and work out and keep your body
healthy you should do the same with your
brain and and your heart and so that's
what I felt it was important to go and
it was really good and I'm excited to
start going back I'm gonna start going
back weekly and I'm really a big
supporter of therapy I think it's just
really important I don't think people
talk about it enough I think people
ignore mental health and people ignore
you know
mental illness and so I don't want to do
that I want to talk about it and I've
always been very open and honest with
you guys on here so just so you guys
know I go therapy and I think it's
awesome
and I'm really supportive of it and I
don't think when if therapy makes you
crazy I don't think it means you're
crazy I think it means you want to take
care of yourself and your mind in your
heart and it's really important to do
that I'm gonna go get a coffee
jojo's supposed to come over yeah that's
one do we're trying to figure out how to
use this like blow toys to turn it
clockwise but then I just kept feeling I
was just gonna explode so I stopped
touching them but Jo just try to do what
we're doing Archie's worth more so we're
not letting Rachel I'm out because I
will actually burn the house down so I'm
tapping out I'm just gonna get dressed
and live my life yes you need a
blowtorch for dramatic effect
you want me to CGI fire in our video
videos I make a we want you to hire how
many do you make a week how I figure
asking you how much do I make a week I
was like girl please how many do I make
leave right now
when this comes out no not not God it's
not like this cuz vlogmas is different
for me for on a regular week January
2000 January 24th and for week you only
before week oh girl I didn't nine-nine a
week yeah well my blog though every day
every day a week I do blog list are not
caucus I've been vlogging every day I've
been good cuz that's technically 11 so I
don't lie so secondly 11 good job how do
you do nine a week your blog dreams that
are long enjoy my main yeah so that's
what I'm saying
I do seven on the vlog and a hacker arm
I mean you hired under it's the best
thing I did I need 24 my walks my god
I'm so scared
did you do it I'm so scared
are we gonna die
I like genuinely scared right now oh my
god wait is it work just wait what do
you do hi you're watching Nickelodeon
and you saw all of Nickelodeon oh my
gosh I need to get Jojo a makeup wipe
same we just filmed eight trillion
videos she looks insane you're a good
sport you're good for it we did a lot of
weird things tonight you guys are gonna
find out why very soon yeah I know what
you'd like you know my god oh do I have
it all around probably I always have
lipstick everywhere that was super fun
Jojo so sweet and she's very hardworking
businesswoman she's it kid like she's
only 14 she's very young but she's very
smart like she gets a lot of hate on the
internet a lot of people are like oh I
don't like that girl which is so weird
to me because she's a child
so it's weird to me that people hate on
her so much but she's really smart she's
a good businesswoman and she thinks of
all these ideas herself and has marketed
herself and made a career for herself
and she's only 14 like I really admire
that in her I think she's awesome and
she's also just really sweet um she's
really really nice girl so that was
really fun and I think I want to make
myself a baked potato and I'm gonna go
to bed early all right guys
tonight's Rachel for my birthday gave me
a craft kit and I've been doing crafts
all night seven making ornaments and now
I'm going to make a gingerbread house
this is what life is like when you're an
old woman and you're home alone
