Merry Christmas
whatever you celebrate good morning
everybody it's a new dawn it's a new day
a tidy do y'all and stretch
oh I just drove all the way to Jessica's
house I'm gonna go with them to go pick
out a Christmas tree which is very
exciting they said they wanted to cut
down their own Christmas tree and I was
like what I need to get it on this
business so they're letting me go with
him today to cut down a Christmas tree
him so yeah I'm really excited let's do
it we're in the forest of Christmas
trees we hear a little Bailey voice
screaming she found the tree they want
so I remember this being such a hard
decision every year with my family
whenever we went like because all the
kids like different trees there's always
like like one good one but this farm has
a lot of pretty ones so this I feel like
it would take me forever to pick one up
this is the one Bailey's chosen there's
a nice hole in it most of the trees and
you've gone this one's pretty but this
one only in California would you find a
tumbleweed in a Christmas tree lot
that's weird I don't know what the where
these came from
it's just so hot in California we have
tumbleweeds everywhere this is the tree
that they've chosen this is harder
I would never do this we all took a try
it's very hard so we have all taken a
turn doing this and it's really hard
it's like genuinely really hard to do
all the kids try it even Duncan tried it
if you guys want to see all the kids try
it and go to Christopher's blog you know
they all tried it and even Duncan try it
Tom she's about to work yeah hooked on
the tree so legitimately be back this is
the thing that I did yeah found some
chickens chicken I found some animals oh
my gosh Ricky Dillon is shaking so his
name Bailey I watch your vlogs I know
what that Goods name you've always asked
me like who are my favorite youtubers
and who i watch religiously and it's
literally the Ballinger family I'm not
kidding I'm like it there's only view i
watch every single day every single blog
that comes out i watch so this is where
we get all our views but yeah that good
over there isn't in Bailey which you can
find out if you watch their vlogs which
I did so I already know you kind of duck
have you ever caught a duck before oh my
gosh that is so exciting
ah you caught a duck that is crazy how
does it feel
they're like holding you kidding all
righty so we got a Christmas tree it's
beautiful but I went Bailey to react to
a video because there is a video that is
like iconic of Bailey one of my very
first vlogs like the first year I did
blog --mess was so long ago and was back
when like barely anybody flogged that
Christopher didn't do a lot to the
channel yeah Rachel never blogs and
channel yet most youtubers didn't even
have flocking channels yet this was back
in 2010 when like it was still new to do
this and Bailey was three yeah she just
turned 3 but I want her to react to it
so we're gonna react to this video
yeah that's it what did you think I
wouldn't be a problem you know at my
meet and greets people always ask me if
you still want to be a problem now what
do you want to be when you grow up I'm
home I'm eating leftovers my favorite
part of Thanksgiving is mashed potatoes
corn and stuffing all mix together so
I'm having that it's delicious I'm
getting ready because I'm gonna go film
with Justine and I've never filmed with
her before so I'm not excited about that
but I have like an hour before I need to
leave someone to try to edit my blog
from yesterday there's no plan Stan
that's what I'm doing we're really fun
to be with the kids they make me really
happy so that puts my on my face and
made warm my heart but now it's time to
get back to work whoo what's up y'all
watching Christopher's blog my brother's
vlogs that's like the only YouTube
channel I ever like religiously watch
and winding down to go to bed I had so
much fun at Justine's I've never hung
out with Justine before I've never
filmed with her before and she's so
awesome so that was really fun and I
just say to brownie and I'm going bad so
what an exciting life I leaned but
tomorrow have a lot going on I have a
meeting in the morning and then I have
therapy tomorrow afternoon
I've been to therapy in a while so I'm
excited to go back and just get out my
brain thoughts and my feelings and just
get a like mental check-in so I'm gonna
do that and I'm clubbing with Jojo and
Rachel and maybe James Charles if I have
time I need to text him back and see
what the schedules looking like for him
but yeah love you guys thanks for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
