Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate today's the day today's the
day we start the live stream in like 45
minutes I'm freaking out I'm so excited
yeah we're giving away tons of cool
stuff we gonna show you hopefully gonna
find some more stuff right now in the
house that I can give away how this all
started
was I wanted to get rid of some clothes
a few years ago and I didn't want to
just take it to a thrift store because I
thought maybe one of my viewers would
want some of that stuff so so how can I
give it away to my viewers and I was
like oh maybe I'll do like a yard sale
and give all the money to something I
met a girl named Camille who had cancer
and I was like oh I should give it away
to childhood cancer it's just that's
just kind of how it started I want to do
like a little yard sale of my stuffs
that's why I give away like old clothes
and things
I just realized like people might not
understand why I'm giving away weird
clothes and not like cool prizes it's
just because that's how it started so
maybe next year I will give away like
big like expensive prizes as opposed to
just like my old clothes
yeah anyway let's get started the next
thing we're gonna do is this
to me that's nice I went on tour with
these banks for years
33000 romance Lily you get my romance
shirts and the robe congratulations
okay I just finished livestream and left
three thousand seven hundred and ninety
dollars you guys did that I am so proud
of you
this is amazing I I cannot believe you
did this
I'm speechless that we raised more money
than last year last year we raised
$40,000 and now over 50 like it's so
insane I'm so proud of you guys this is
the coolest thing ever and the best
birthday present ever
Eric ended up coming over during the
livestream he's gonna sign a couple like
script pages and stuff that we gave away
Ricky Dylan's coming over any minute
Lily donated stuff Joey donated stuff
Corey donated stuff Rachel donated stuff
so we have tons of stuff that we were
able to give away this year it was super
cool and I'm just so proud of you guys
thank you so much but yeah Ricky is
coming over any minute and I'm just in
the best mood I'm so happy and we're in
club and then I'm going to Lance Bass
this house tonight to collab so it's
just a really fun exciting day and I'm
so so so proud of you guys
so this thank you thank you alright look
who came over hello
it's Ricky Dillon the icon the legend so
fun so yeah I'm so excited Ricky's here
Ricky's always been like the most
supportive sweetest friend like
literally of all the youtubers that I
know if I Tex Ricky when a cloud like
he's always like sure would like he's
like always so supportive of all the and
you're always tweeting every youtuber
and like just I love Ricky so much he's
amazing so anyway we're gonna film a
video and we're gonna film a video for
his channel and we're gonna rock it bust
these out I don't know what that term
means but whoa we're gonna do it fast we
just filmed a video for my channel and
we're about to film for Ricky's but
first he's gonna sign a book is he so
sweet and you brought one over and I'm
gonna give it away to someone who
donated to the livestream today so I'm
gonna pick one of you at random so you
guys can keep donating because I'll
probably pick tomorrow so if you just
keep donating I'll pick someone at
random to win
ooh decision people always think have
different preferences I kind of stay
inside how about the students either I
want to see your beautiful cover it's so
pretty
thanks Rick there we go do an extra
special smiley face oh my god that's
full the full oh my god this is intense
and it's even like kind of winking
Thanks hmm did you yawn yawns contagious
did you go on leave in the comments
fluffy yonde it's so much fun at Lance's
house he's so sweet it was lovely and
then Rachel come over and blaze and my
dad I mean I'm just gonna hang out so it
was a really wonderful day of raising
money now it's over $55,000 I'm so proud
of you guys thank you so much you can
still donate I'll put the link below
thank you for doing this it's the best
birthday and Christmas present I could
ever ask for and I can't wait to donate
the money and see where it goes and see
how it helps people yeah I'm just so
happy so thank you tomorrow
I'm gonna go to my brother's house and
hang out with the kids we're gonna go
cut down a Christmas tree for them which
is really exciting and then tomorrow I'm
filming with iJustine and I've never
filmed with her before I've admired her
and like looked up to her for so many
years so I'm really excited about that
yeah I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow
