whatever you celebrate morning everybody
I love making cappuccinos it's my new
favorite thing ever since I went to
Australia they make the best cappuccinos
in the world in Australia and New
Zealand Wow words can't speak English
but they'd be chocolate on the top I
don't have any chocolate so I use hot
cocoa and highly recommend dusting a
little bit of hot cocoa powder on top of
a coffee or cappuccino it is so good
though this morning I'm going to edit
some videos and then I'm going to Lily's
house with Rachel to film a collab with
her and then I'm going to Joey's house
later tonight a little cloud with him so
I'm super excited it's gonna be a really
fun day full of friends and I'm home and
I get to work it's so weird I lived in
Canada for six months this year and I
wasn't here and then I came home for
like a hot second and then I was on tour
in Europe and then I was home for a hot
second and then I went on a press tour
for haters back off season two and then
I was home for a second and then I went
to New Zealand in Australia and I'm home
and it's almost December and I feel like
this whole year I haven't even been here
so I'm really happy to be home and to
like go hang out with friends and collab
and be like a normal youtuber again and
start really focusing on my youtube
channel that's what I'm doing today so I
want you guys to come with me oh my god
look at these Prada bags Allah they are
Gucci they are huge I choked on my own
spit yeah Rachel's here now Rachel's
taking me to Lily's because the video
that I'm doing this Lily is Miranda
which you can't leave out yet requires a
Rachel ballon derp always in forever so
that's why Rachel's here
today so we're gonna go do that and then
head home and I'm gonna see if Lily has
anything she can donate to the live
stream for tomorrow so hopefully she has
something she can get up guys I got my
wife's play hi it's me shower for this
oh you didn't do my whooshes oh hi it's
really high I was like why don't the
same she's like color is to donate
something to the childhood cancer
livestream for tomorrow and Monday we're
gonna do a book and a poster and she's
special and all of my love it's been
fine right now the sweetest person in
the entire world yeah Lily thank you
you're so sweet thank you so much for
doing this course I'm proud of you for
doing the fundraiser yes so if you guys
don't win it tomorrow her book and her
why guess it'll be today when you're
watching this if you guys don't win the
book and the poster you can go buy the
book in order to do all you have to do
is donate even like a dollar and you're
in the running to it so did how much the
book is worth anyways no a billion
dollars all right well we're gonna film
a video now but yeah
that went well was really fun lonely so
freakin sweet like I talked about a lot
of times in interviews and stuff about
how amazing I think Lily is and it is so
genuine I think she's one of the
sweetest most genuine like awesome
people in the universe I love her so
much so um yeah that went really really
well and now I am headed over to Joey's
to collab with him and Rachel is making
fun of me he's one of you and just I
didn't wanna block myself something well
if you want to see Rachel's version of
this you can watch her blog channel
because she's literally vlogging me
vlogging so that will be really
entertaining but edge
but yeah I'm gonna go to Joey's next and
see him I haven't seen him a long time
I'm really excited I just got home from
filming with Joey it was super fun and
he was so sweet he donated some stuff
for the live stream so he gave me three
books of all three of his books and his
nail polish set and this beautiful
beautiful necklace the rose quartz
necklace and he signed it all
I dropped the box top he signed it all
so I'll be getting all this away so
here's some of the stuff I'm gonna be
giving away at the live stream I have a
bobble head Miranda sings bobble head I
have script pages from haters back off
there's a deleted scene in here so I'm
gonna sign these I have some of my books
I have some of Rose baking line I have
this is a picture of me and Natalie and
she's my inspiration I'm not giving this
wait this is mine but this is just
something that I'm gonna probably talk
about the live string and it's
inspirational to me coasters from The
Tonight Show Jimmy Fallon he gave me
these this magazine that I was in the
cover of I'm gonna sign it and then I'm
gonna give away one of the varieties
that I was the cover of last year hey
there's Joey you speak of the devil
so variety has two colors it's kind of
confusing but I was taking I'm giving
away these shoes that actually were
given to me by ariana grande so these
are Ariana Grande's shoes y'all and she
gave me these a couple years ago and I
don't wear them anymore but I used to
wear them at all my shows so I thought
I'd give these away I'm giving away this
cat mom after sweatshirt that I wear all
the time the sushis shirt that I used to
wear all the time in videos this onesie
that I have matching went into my whole
family this is like my pride and joy and
it probably smells like butthole but
giving that away
this for a coat that I wore in New York
City to a lot of the press I did so much
stuff so I'm gonna keep going through my
stuff tonight and try to find more stuff
to give away at the fundraiser but I'm
so excited please tune in tomorrow I
guess today when you're watching this
one o'clock Pacific Standard Time donate
money and you're in the running to get
any of that stuff so
