Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate good morning everybody I can
have it a baby are you whining
what did I stop petting you to vlog and
now you're upset with me okay come on
down here then good money the day after
Thanksgiving and today I slept in until
11:00 which is insane
I needed it so bad because I was in
Australia and I never got to recover
from jetlag I landed in the morning like
at 6:00 a.m. and then I did not sleep
well the night I got home I had a really
horrible day and then the next day was
my birthday I'm sorry I stopped petting
you for two seconds this cat is so needy
I celebrated my birthday at the hospital
and then so I woke up really early for
that and then yesterday I woke up early
for things all right my bronzer is like
too much like heavy-handed I know honey
I know I know so I woke up early for the
Children's Hospital and the next day I
woke up early for my doctor's
appointment to get my shots and then
yesterday woke up early for Thanksgiving
and my body's just like spat back so
today I slept in and also it was nice
because my shoulder is killing me like
the shots that he gave me are really
really painful and um so yesterday the
day before and today I'm just like in
excruciating pain so to sleep through
some of the pain was really nice because
that just like a couple more hours where
I don't have to feel it during the day
which is really nice though but now I'm
just dealing with this spoiled little
brat I need to film a couple videos for
my
sacred spray no channel and then I need
to catch up on my vlogs cuz I'm really
behind this is also boring and how is
anyone still watching after this long
monologue of boringness it's been a
rough week for me I said yesterday my
vlog but it's been hard to pick up the
camera but um it does make me happy to
do it so whenever I finally do pick up
the camera and whenever I do finally at
it it makes me really really happy so I
love you guys and I love this little
pussycat
she's so sweet yes you are you're very
sweet
I love you she's like the sweetest
neediest little kitten I love it like
oops oh you're gonna fall off the bed
you're gonna fall to bed okay
freaked her out all right I'm gonna go
oh my gosh you guys are amazing I posted
the video on my main channel about the
fundraiser on Sunday those of you who've
just tuning in don't know this I'm doing
a childhood cancer fundraiser and Sunday
for my birthday
and yes I'm eating pie right now the
fundraiser isn't talking Sunday and
Friday right now and you guys have
already and donated two thousand dollars
which is so crazy
it makes me like emotional to even think
about I can't believe it sorry too
talking food in my mouth I'm just so
grateful and I'm so excited um anyway I
have shows coming up in December in
Hawaii and in denna Cruz and biggest
field in Santa Barbara to get tickets
those if you haven't all the California
ones my whole family will be at in
Hawaii will be Angela Eric Rachel mom
and dad I just talked to Francesca and
tried to get her to come to him
can't get old a Steve but if I can it
would be really cool to have they'll
cast go faders that is kind of what I'm
thinking about and working on it now I
need to go film a couple videos and
tonight I'm going to the Magic Castle
and with my brother and my sister so
that will be really fun haven't been
there in a long time and you're just
trying to recuperate from yesterday I'm
very tired and my arm is in so much pain
nope you guys and I'm gonna go film some
videos please well I just found a video
or I had to kind of destroy my face a
little bit so now I need to refix my
face because I look like a hot mess
right now but um I need to redo my
makeup I'm gonna film one more video and
then I'm going to Magic Castle and I'm
so excited I've been a long time it'll
be nice to just hang out and be chill
I'm trying to be better at doing more
things that people do that felt make
sense but I'm a workaholic I love to
work it's
I'm proud of my work I really love my
job so I really like working but I'm
trying to be better at like going out of
my house and like hang out with people
outside of just my house environment or
my family's houses like I'm trying to
like venture out and like do activities
and things should I feel like it would
be healthy for me but I know everyone's
different maybe it won't be who knows
but I think it'll be good for me to go
out tonight and like have a glass of
wine and just like be around people
instead of just like sitting at home and
filming and editing all day or I'm just
being at home with family I mean there's
nothing wrong with that too but I think
it's good to just have a variety of
things that you do in your life so yeah
I'm excited to go out and do that it'll
be fun
I'm all ready for the magic Council
except for one thing and I know you all
have experienced this too I'm just gonna
be real with you okay first of all this
is the dress I chose holiday dress okay
so here's the 2d I picked a scab on my
face you've all been overall picks is it
for and literally I'm not kidding you it
has been bleeding for 30 minutes
I've tried there's no way to get it to
stop like literally enough I've tried
everything
I tried ice cubes I've tried paper
towels I tried I looked online people
said deodorant people said lip balm I've
tried it everything and it just will not
stop bleeding for a half an hour what
the heck is this heaven anybody else I
don't like this has happened to
everybody I feel like I need to make a
video about this on my main channel
because this happens to me every once in
a while and it always happens the most
inconvenient times like my ubers gonna
be here in one minute I'm going to the
Magic Castle and my face is bleeding and
like it's been bleeding wonder how many
times I dab it or do anything it just
continues to pour blood gosh blood what
do I do
it was like the smallest little like
tiny little bit and now it's like
gushing blood out of my body oh gosh
dang I'm home from the Magic Castle
midnight it was fun I feel like I've
been on there's better magicians it was
fine it was fun I love the Magic Castle
I just like I'm telling you guys I need
to learn to get better at like being a
person and I
I'm out and enjoying myself because go
out and I have fun for a couple of hours
and then I do my kind of like I kinda
just want to go home and like be with my
cats I don't know I think that's a
problem and I need to work on it what do
you guys think I think I'm just a
homebody home with this little munchkin
Lily and possibly Joey so it should be
fun day I'm gonna go to bed so what guys
