Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate how everybody good morning
Happy Thanksgiving
everything this room is really messy why
because we messed up we're sleeping a
lot in this room and that was my bed and
family and Jacob were sleeping on the
floor so I hunted make a really big mess
yeah yeah probably huh and we did show
last night we did do a show we did to
show last night so if you guys didn't
see yesterday's vlog check it out
because it's great this is all the props
from the show well right now Parker and
I I'm gonna film a Thanksgiving video
for as Miranda and then he's gonna maybe
film a video with me if he's up for it
okay great
this will be fun you're gonna change
you're gonna turn me into Miranda not
you oh so what if I'm already Miranda
ken Miranda turn you into Miranda yeah
I'm able to do that
get it I love them mom needs a surgical
loves she cooks this is my favorite
kitchen device by the way not sponsored
not as my favorite kitchen appliance I
think all the time I chop some onion
tops of nuts clearly like Eddie it's
amazing it's my favorite thing in the
whole universe highly recommend not
sponsored voice sure I was it's
incredible
are you excited
why because auntie business is the best
person in the universe the universe I
sense some sarcasm the best is Jessica
Ballinger finally I'd be corrected if
you have an apple pie from scratch
we have gluten-free berry pies not from
scratch
pecan pie from scratch chocolate chip
pie from scratch pumpkin pie from routes
yes you can play that for a little fuel
- goodbye what'd you just say this is
the best type of pie I've ever eaten in
my life
so please being serious it doesn't look
good now it's kind of mushed up but it's
really good Oh tell me did you have a
good Thanksgiving dinner what you have
what you have
oh you want to hiccups he's so cute it's
insane how was your Thanksgiving dinner
was your favorite my favorite I think my
favorite was eating pie treats
I'm trying to protect the pies and then
she made a decoy pie and I ate almost
all of that pie that's a good pie it is
a good play here we have the kids table
what'd you guys think was your favorite
one favorite thing I think it looks
really good I think my favorite always
is just mixing mashed potatoes corn and
stuffing like those three things mush
together for some reason this is my
favoritest thing the whole universe so
that was my favorite there's a concert
about to begin
wait no one cheered and applauded blaze
wants to come see it live not so much
Oh Patrick up in here that was our fight
happening Oh are they mine Oh God
they do their own stunts there's a lot
of fighting in this play oh it's lame is
I don't know some from the foam feel
like I didn't blow in much today just
because I was hanging out with family
maybe I don't have to wait and see the
footage but everyone left except for
Christopher Jessica and his kids and
Rachel's here too and plays and we are
making a leftover croissant
so what would you call this Thanksgiving
leftover calzone so it's just we
unrolled a croissant roll and then and
they were leftovers and now we're gonna
put another one on top yes my sous-chef
all right let's see how this goes this
might be a disaster everyone left it is
say 10:30 p.m. and I had so much fun it
was I was just gonna check to see if the
doors lock their home security little
house it was so much fun I have a lot of
really good to do tomorrow but it was so
cool this is the first time I've ever
hosted Thanksgiving so this is the first
time for me and it was so amazing like I
can t tell you how fun it was like to
have everyone over yesterday and then
like we cooked pies last night and hung
out all day and then to have everyone
spend the night and wake up in the
morning and cook together and just to
have all the family here it was just so
wonderful and made me so happy I'm just
really grateful for such a beautiful
family and so grateful to have like my
best friends be my family like I feel
really really lucky that that is my
situation we're all really close and
they're just amazing people I'm just I'm
grateful for them and I'm grateful for
you guys I'm gonna be honest with y'all
I've had a really rough week I just I've
been really really down there's been a
lot going on in my life personally and
I've just sometimes you just have hard
days and you get news in life that just
sucks and that happened to me recently
and so I'm just not doing great
emotionally and personally but to have
you guys on line always cheering me up
and making me laugh has been so helpful
and to have my family around and my
friends like has been so helpful and I'm
just I'm feeling much better now and
really great and happy and yeah I'm just
excited about life and and just
everything and I'm just grateful I love
you guys and I'll see you tomorrow happy
