whatever you celebrate good morning
everybody well it's actually good
afternoon now today is my birthday
special fancy pants day I got shots this
morning I got different kind of shots
today so my arm doesn't work I got PRP
which is where they take the near blood
and then they spin it really fast so the
red blood cells go to the edges and then
they extract what's in the middle and
then they do it again and so they're
trying to get the play lid platelets
plates out and then they put it inject
it into your tendons I don't know how it
works I don't get it but that's what
they did and it's excruciating really
painful
and last time they did it to me I was it
was way worse so this time is a little
better but um I can't use my arm so even
like just walking with my arm at my side
was painful it just it's most
comfortable like this so I don't need to
be in the sling I'm looking very
dramatic today but it just hurts when my
arm is dangling down and like moving so
it's just more comfortable for me if
it's in this but I'm totally fine anyway
we are gonna go get so much my parents
just got here Rachel's coming over
Christopher Jessica the kids are coming
over Andrew and Stephanie are coming
over John and cor are gonna be here and
we're just gonna like hang out tonight
and have family time and get ready for
Thanksgiving because I'm hosting things
even tomorrow so yay it's gonna be
all righty so my mom is in charge of my
p.o box and she brought over some stuff
that people gave me for my birthday and
look good stocking scatter kindness
don't spread it scatter it put that on
the piano because it matches fine
oh my goodness thank you um oh I'm Kayla
from Boston
pumpkins are so cute thanks Kayla I got
this mug it says cats make me happy
you not so much thanks Emma but you do
make me happy so this cup is a lie crazy
cat lady 2018 planner I will use that
just for my cat event and cat but Magnus
thank you
look at this cute little sweater so cute
thank you I call a crop top oh my
goodness
look at these a fancy guest egg booth
they're so soft they're all from
breeding oh my gosh Bria
you choose a pattern paper due to the
background tip to the back of the 10
stick on the shoes pants shirt and face
stickers to Belle de Miranda oh here's a
little stickers how cruel its thank you
oh my gosh thank you so much there's so
much stuff to go through but I love you
guys thanks for sending me I love you
thank you so much right to my birthday
party we decided to not see I decided
not to do a big like friend's birthday
parade this year because I'm so tired
from traveling and I'm a gimp so we
decided to just do family today and get
ready for Thanksgiving not judge I'm
better no you're my best friend in the
whole world
I just mean like I didn't invite a bunch
of like cool not family people over but
go today yeah you are it's a slumber
party
but you guys gave me a bunch of gifts
for them in Australia so I'm gonna give
them some right now all right so we've
set up a heart area in the backyard for
the boys check it out what you guys
doing that looks amazing
oh my gosh sunset Jacob that looks so
good oh sure
Bailey is the babysitter for the kitty
cats and Daisy loves her please sleep
there tonight yeah we're gonna start
brining this bad boy and since my arm
doesn't work Christopher is helping me
tonight mom's helping me we are doing
some brine egde that is the weirdest
thing you've ever done and you've done
weird things stop slapping the raw
turkey we're getting the brine on that
Bryan up in at you huh okay so now we
need to double it get all that good
stuff in there
what are we doing right now what are we
planning
why I mean a Christmas concert the kids
are putting on a Christmas concert
tonight and it's gonna be good
and Android Stephanie got here we're
gonna watch the room because hello it's
amazing Carter at chronograph like
Miranda because always look at this
cutie put to me dinner what's he eating
friends he won't get that digestive
tract going Apple sweet potatoes pumpkin
and blueberry milk easy yummy is it so
yummy yes so cute look at the cool
presents I got from her Jacob made me
this one antique panties I love you
happy birthday and I got this one from
Bailey people says Parker on it and
inside she drew me a picture of Daisy
yeah and then I also got a book written
by Bailey and she signed a post-it note
for me and Parker wrote a book for me
too so that's what I got for my birthday
from the kids amazing Rachel got me all
this awesome like crap stuff which I'm
so grateful for this is so cool so I got
like fun like Christmas crafts and bulbs
I can make with the Christmas tree
paintbrushes glitter so nice yeah we
might have to make something tomorrow we
have a busy fun day tomorrow
Thanksgiving yeah I'm excited for the
concert to start starting soon in this
room so Bailey's snuggled up on the
couch reading a book should we turn on
the fireplace for you since super cozy
in here
okay look at this we're setting up in
here for tomorrow so exciting it looks
jingle bells are la Miranda
on your knees
ah Stephanie you can stand
I wish you a Merry Christmas
I wanna wish you a Merry Christmas I
wanna wish you a Merry Christmas from
the bottom of my
all right is that it owes our play is
there play this honestly all I've ever
wanted for my birthday is okay all right
we had a concert it was lovely we have
made like six pies and we still need to
make cranberry sauce tonight but for now
we're gonna watch the room which is
gonna be very uncomfortable because if
you guys have seen the room it's one of
the worst slash best movies of all time
but there are some inappropriate scenes
and I'm watching it with my parents so
happy birthday
my mom put him to sleep not me he
wouldn't fall asleep for me but she put
him on me after he fell asleep we are
watching the room and it's super fun
because I'm watching there's a lot of
like very inappropriate scenes and my
mom and dad everyone are here watching
and we're all just laughing on having a
lot of fun so yeah best day ever
you can a good day eutectic in my house
everyone sleeping on couches all the
rooms are full this is why I was excited
to get this house because there's so
much room for everyone so like I have
all my family stay but it's after
midnight and we need to go to bed so
we're gonna get some rest cause
tomorrow's a big day
thanks for watching everybody my little
birthday special party and yeah
tomorrow's gonna be another long fun
vlog because it's Thanksgiving all right
