Merry Christmas sir whatever you
celebrate what's up y'all so I watched
Casey Neistat and he always says perfuse
of the most fanciest of fancy flights in
the universe and I have never flown
first class on an international flight
and I still haven't because this is in
first-class business but I do have a
little amenities kit and I didn't have
time to buy socks so I'm gonna show you
guys what's been some enemies
hoping that's up there because
look at my little feetsies my ankles
hoping that there are
look how big Daisy got guys it's a very
long flight and my mom like birthday
sign for me and like birthday streamers
that was really really sweet can't
believe how big Daisy got he's so big
and fluffy I can't without fluffy she is
look at all this fur he was not like
this when I left it's crazy how much her
fur grew today I'm gonna try to take it
easy and just hang out with Korey and
John and get ready for tomorrow because
tomorrow's my birthday and I'm going to
the Children's Hospital so yeah stay
tuned for that
happy birthday happy birthday but they
do get what I loved it thank you happy
birthday everybody we are headed to the
Children's Hospital of Los Angeles so
every year from my birthday I do a
fundraiser which I am doing on November
30th so instead of you guys sending me
presents well I'm a ghost
instead of getting presents from
everybody from family friends from you
guys I'm gonna ask everyone to donate
toys money for childhood cancer and so I
also want to show you this year that you
can donate other ways than just giving
money you can also donate time and so
that's why I am going today to show you
look look how easy and fun it is to
donate time yeah it'll be fun and then I
really have plans the rest of the day
I'm having like kind of a get-together
tomorrow with my family so yeah anyway
let's go
you
they do you happy birthday to you happy
it'll of Los Angeles maybe like around
to wish 2:30 and then I went shopping
for Thanksgiving which was hectic
because everyone's been shopping for
Thanksgiving but look at this I got so
many people are coming over for
Thanksgiving but I didn't have to do
dishes so I got plastic dishes that look
fancy so this is all plastic and look at
these treats but yeah we got tons of
stuff for Thanksgiving tomorrow
everyone's coming over or my birthday
all my family's coming over and tonight
I just had a chill a little night and we
redid the dining room for my birthday
Rachel's here and look how cool this new
dining room table is and then this is
the cat's new favorite spot and we're
gonna paint this tonight so it's nice
little arts and crafts but we just had
dinner together we had hot dogs yeah it
was a good day it was just a very
chilled day I'm so tired from Australia
so it was really nice to Rachel you're
in this and make sure you're
entertaining but it was really it was
really nice to go to the Children's
Hospital I wanted to kind of show
everyone that you can donate your time
too and talk to people to raise
awareness for childhood cancer that's
another way to help if you can't donate
money but please tune in to the
childhood cancer fundraiser right now
it's on November 30th but I've seen a
lot of people saying they wished it was
on a weekend so I might change it it's
only a Thursday or something so I feel
like maybe I should change it so that
everyone can watch yeah so maybe maybe
I'll do it this weekend what's that yeah
maybe I'll do it Sunday leave a comment
tell me what you should do poles write
on YouTube
you put like a poll right here right
here right here that girl are you gonna
do this I don't know this be you okay
so Rachel's gonna put a poll and click
if you would rather be on November 30 30
or 26 yeah I might go pick out some
items right now to donate to the live
stream so you guys can see the types of
things that are gonna be there
basically how it works is I do live
stream y'all hang out with me and you
can donate $1 you can donate 50 cents
you can donate 5 dollars if you donate
$1,000 whatever you want and if you
donate you are immediately entered to
win tons of cool prizes I'm gonna give
away tons of stuff so there's probably
to be like over 2030 prizes so please
tune in and it's all the money every
single penny goes to childhood cancer I
don't take one penny from it in fact I
donate a lot of my own money every year
as well so please tune in and let's go
pick out some stuff to do the childhood
cancer thing I've realized ever done it
yet okay so we're in my closet and I'm
gonna try to find things to donate that
are things that either you guys might
recognize from somewhere cool something
that might mean something to me that I
feel like you guys might want I don't
know so that's what I'm doing right now
I'm gonna look through your prizes so I
wore this dress to the premiere of
haterz back off season two so I will
give this way if actually this one was
only like thirty dollars right I wore it
in um hey for that premiere so basically
I hugged a lot of people that night I
had Gabby I had Joey I hugged Lance Bass
so this dress is touched a lot so I want
a famous people that are way more famous
the meat I'll deal with it so that's an
example of something I might give away
at the livestream I love you oh I'll
give this one away this is a tease me
dress if you guys are at a car show you
remember back in the day when I used to
like wear teasing dresses all the time I
wore this on red carpets I wear this to
event I wear this all the time I love
this dress and I'm I kind of said to
give it away but it's like gold sparkly
so I give away tons of stuff like this
it's served its day yes I can get away I
wore this on the Teen Choice Awards red
carpet okay so
there's another one like this sweatshirt
says bromance Ernie and Bert I used to
wear this like pretty much every day for
a couple of years so if you've been
watching my blog for a long time you
would have seen this a lot but let's go
to the Miranda office and see what we
can find an X I'm sure there's a ton of
stuff that I can give away in there
right now we're in the murder of the
room so let's find some stuff to give
away from in here a limited edition
Miranda sings bobble head I made these
so so so long ago maybe six years ago
five years ago something like that there
are literally only four left at all like
I only have four of these left so I'll
get one of these away by the way I'll
sign all this stuff here's another one
I'll give away this is Christmas onesie
that I have matching to my whole entire
family mary-kate and Ashley dress wear
that for Halloween it appeared on the
Jimmy Fallon Tonight Show YouTube
channel because we talked about Rachael
and I being ready and actually for
Halloween I'll give that away I'll give
tons of stuff away and all you have to
do is literally donate even five dollars
and you're in the running so please tune
in to that answer the poll thing that
Rachael said and I have to do and tell
me and leave a comment too cuz I
probably won't be able to figure out the
poll so leave a comment - what - do if
you guys rather I do it Sunday or
Thursday and what time of day I was
thinking like 1 o'clock in the afternoon
in California because that means it's
like 4:00 on the East Coast and then
it's not to late at night on in Europe
so I don't know what do you guys think
but I love ya and I'm gonna go film some
around videos to end my birthday thanks
for sticking with me I know I've been
kind of wonky mood lately it's been a
weird couple days from you
so I'm in a weird mood but um tomorrow
really excited for my whole family to
come over and I'm not even gonna explain
that goodnight
