oh okay I could talk about this now it's
blurry but I could talk about it this is
my book oh my gosh actually it's not
this is bethany mota stuck but this is
my book um oh my god I cannot believe I
can talk about it now you guys have
known on this YouTube channel on my vlog
channel I have been going I have a
secret project I'm working on this
project so I can't and it videos I'm
working so hard on this and it was this
so um I could talk a little bit more
about it on this channel that I did I
just announced it on the ran to channel
and and the kollene challenge yeah I
can't talk but I can talk about it more
detail here which I'm really excited
about I'm dressed like Miranda I'm about
to film the announcement video this book
is the first time I've ever done
anything completely by myself so I
usually do everything with my brother
Christopher my brother Christopher is a
genius he's an incredible writer he's
incredible partner like I think
Christopher is amazing and I plan on
doing every project with him like I love
working with him and I think he's
awesome
but this project it just came at a time
of my life where I just I really wanted
to do it on my own and um it's a book of
Miranda's Diaries like it's all of
Miranda's journals and it's about my
personal experiences and I wanted to do
it on my own and it was really hard yeah
it's just so crazy I can't believe it I
can't believe I'm doing it it's not done
yet so I'm still in the process of
writing it it's Valentine's Day today
and I will be working all day and all
night
my deadline is coming up really really
soon I can't believe um one else in this
book what I want to say about okay um I
don't know I need to fill Miss Miranda
video but for the Miranda video I'm
gonna be crying because if you even
watched it please go watch it please go
comment I really wanted to get a good
amount of views and comments and stuff
so please support I worked so hard on
this freaking book but the Miranda V I'm
gonna be crying and I've been talking
with publishers for a while we've always
had the plan when I pitched them the
book I was like I think Miranda should
be really upset that someone stole her
Diaries and tell everyone don't buy this
don't buy this so you'd be crying for
this now normally for Miranda videos if
I need to be crying sometimes I'm
actually crying I can get myself to that
point and sometimes
just splash water in my face but this
one I want to be crying because I want
to be crying throughout the whole thing
so I have to make myself cry which I
have not made myself cry since I was on
the set of haters back off and when I'm
on the set of haters back off it was
easy for me to get to that place because
I'm like oh Bethenny is screaming at
Miranda I'm gonna die and all you care
about is yourself and throw something
like it doesn't matter who it is if
someone says that you looks in your eye
and says I'm gonna die and all you care
about is yourself and throw something on
you you're gonna cry like especially
when it's someone you love and care
about and I love Angela so much so it's
easy to cry in those situations I'm I
don't really consider myself an actress
and when I was in those scenarios like I
just started sobbing because like you
have to know like it doesn't matter
there's a camera right here if someone's
screaming at you that you're worthless
you cry but this is gonna be a little
bit harder I'm in my office I'm excited
it's Valentine's Day like my books
coming out like so to get myself to be
at a soggy place it's going to be hard I
don't have to do is think about
something really sad and I hate doing
that and I did it a couple times on set
if there were scenes were like the
scenes started off with me crying in bed
or something like that I'd have to think
of something that would make me cry and
I have scenarios from my past bringing
that pretty quickly so I'm gonna have to
do that so I'm thinking maybe I could
try to cry with you guys watching I've
never done that feel like I've seen like
videos online like BuzzFeed and stuff I
thought were interesting words like
strangers stare at each other for 10
minutes or like or you you know like I
wonder if that would be an interesting
video so I'm gonna maybe I'll try to do
that I don't know if I'll be able to
ever might not be able to let's try it
okay this is so I feel like this is
really awkward I should I get closer I
don't know this is weird this is like
people are so many people are gonna
think this is so weird
I feel like so many people are gonna be
like look at Colleen ballinger dude
she's such a weirdo um but I want to try
so what do I do
okay is this weird I'm not gonna put
this in I don't know I'm gonna put the
viewfinder down so I can't see myself
because they like that's distracting
okay
how do I do this okay this is so weird
because I'm so aware that you can see me
I'm so aware that someone is watching me
so I'm not thinking about anything sad
I'm going to take myself to a place
where I feel like I wonder if I should
tell you what I'm gonna wear I'm gonna
go with my brain there have been moments
in my past where I have been told
horrible things and about myself
and I believed them and I have vivid
memories of being told how I was you
know not good enough and see it's
working and I think probably a lot of
you guys could relate to that
maybe I mean maybe not that
I didn't take one okay but what I love
about what I get to do for a living is
that I can turn those moments where
people made me feel like crap
and I can take it and use it I'm using
the pain that you gave me to make art
and make people laugh and and succeed so
thank you that was the weirdest thing
I've ever done for the Internet
for sure I did it oh my gosh so I just
filmed a video not to edit it
I'm a mess that was really fun so I
knocked about it a little bit before I
started filming but I wanted to keep the
emotion and film so I didn't talk about
look at this just a mess so I didn't
talk about it too much but I know people
are gonna think that was really weird
what I just did like cry like force
myself to cry on camera like I know that
maybe it was weird but I thought I would
I think I'd want to see that I think I'd
want to watch someone sit and stare at a
camera and tried to cry just cuz that's
interesting and weird and I I don't know
I'm excited to watch the footage back
because I feel like that's really
bizarre I don't know if I explain myself
clearly what up when I was crying
because I wanted to use the emotion to
film basically what I wanted to say it
was I
I've seen people say like oh Michael
Ian's crying in a random video she told
us once that when she's crying Miranda
videos she's actually crying about
something sad and then I'll get messages
and stuff and people be like don't be
cycling don't be sad we love you and I'm
not looking for that I don't want that
at all actually I'm happy that I can use
pain too for something good I'm happy
not that this is like I'm giving to
charity or something by writing a book
what I mean by that is I'm not letting
the pain destroy me I'm not letting the
pain that others have caused me to just
lay on my bed and cry and wallow in self
despair that's necessary and I have done
that so I'm not shaming anyone who does
do that because you need to do that
sometimes and I've definitely been there
but it's kind of its kind of
a yeah I don't know the word it's uh
invigorating I don't know what word I'm
looking for
but it's this it's a really cool feeling
to take pain that someone else gave you
someone who is trying to bring you down
or people who are trying to bring you
down or tear you down and just use that
pain and be like you want me to feel
down these people these people who say
horrible things do horrible things to
you whether it be a relative a friend a
loved one a random bully at school or
just someone you know at work or someone
who is being horrible to you their goal
is to make you feel pain and so to take
that pain it's important to feel pain
when you need to feel pain so I'm not
saying don't feel it but to take it and
use it for something creative or for
something good or for something exciting
or for something like I use it in art
and I express myself through art and it
puts me in a good mood so while I was
filming up random video I thought it was
funny I was saying stuff that I was like
oh this is funny and I was having fun
like I was crying but the character
Miranda is crying and sad but then me
and my own head as like kind of giggling
at like how much fun it was to make this
video so the fact that I can take a sad
thing that happened to me that was
painful and those people want to bring
me down they want to drag me down and
I'm like well I'm gonna take that pain
you gave me thank you and I'm gonna turn
it into art and work harder and I'm
gonna find success and because people
who have brought me down and people who
watch my videos there are some of you
right now who watch my videos and just
dislike it just because you don't like
me for whatever reason they won't like
that I have a book it's not gonna make
them happy that I'm writing or on tour
or doing things that I find happiness in
and I find success doing so it feels
good to be like no you don't win this
time you can't bring me down this time
like these tears are like proud of
myself
series cuz it's like wow I totally seem
just such so aloof today but but I
encourage you guys to try it sometime
like next time someone hurts you next
time you feel really down because of
what other people have said to you
remember that it is their goal to hurt
you that's what those people are doing
and do not let them win
don't let them win you do something to
prove them wrong and to make yourself
feel good and you don't do it for them
because they don't deserve it they don't
deserve you to do anything for them if
they're being cruel to you but for you
be like no they're so wrong like I am
better than this feel the pain because
it hurts when people are cruel but then
rise above and be like I'm gonna prove
them wrong and I'm gonna prove everyone
wrong that is something that took me so
long to learn do I want that person
who's not kind to win or do I want to
have sympathy for them be like oh you
must be going through something hard
because you want someone else to hurt
I cannot imagine wanting someone else to
hurt I cannot imagine craving to cause
someone else pain or failure I would
never wish that on anybody
and I mean that genuinely and if someone
feels that way
there must be they must be hurting they
must be going through something so hard
to have the mindset of I don't like
someone so I want them to feel pain is a
cruel and sad life to live if that's
where your mindset is that so yeah I'm
feeling a lot emotions today obviously I
haven't slept in weeks I've just been
living in my house in my pajamas so I
guess this is what happens when you do
that but I am really begging you guys
this seems like I was like trying to do
this big like this is all just to sell
my book it really isn't this vlog is you
got if you subscribe to my vlog channel
you know it's just me being me being
real and um today I finally get to talk
about my book and because I get to talk
about my book I had to make videos and
then I'm crying so then it just turned
into this but yeah anyway please I would
love if you guys could support and go
buy this book it really does have a lot
of my secrets in it a lot of things from
my past it's funny it's fun
it does not like sell powerful the Diary
is literal a diary like so it is
handwritten pages like over 200 page
handwritten diary by me so it's a
totally different book there's still
stuff taped in there still weird things
you know how you have a diary you'll
type in a ticket stub or your tape and
you know a flyer that you got somewhere
or poster take sure of you and your
friends so there's a lot of that but
there it's not it's not like self health
at all it's totally different writing
this book has desperately made me want
to write a book as me so anyway I'm just
rambling at this point but I'm really
proud of this book there's so much in it
and I'm still I'm working on the final
chapter right now almost done writing it
and yeah I'm gonna go now what is this
video oh my gosh been crying I've been
big giving a motivational speech I've
been promoting my book I don't know I'm
gonna go gay bi okay got a little teaser
up started editing the video for
tomorrow and I'm gonna go get change
with some snow my pajamas
and watch moose follows me kind of
everywhere you go you following me
upstairs moose he's so scared of
everything
he's so low skittish but he's doing a
lot better his bones are doing better
he's not limping as much come on we got
it come on buddy but um it's Valentine's
Day so I did like a pinky purple
eyeshadow and I'm gonna try to put on
something cute for myself you thought
I'm home alone and I'm working all day
long it's Valentine's Day I can be cute
hey buddy cutie look at all my clean
clothes on the floor that I just
happened bit away all right so let's
figure out what I'm gonna wear today
okay so I'm wearing this like cute
crushed-velvet
one-piece thing I'm wearing my sweater
cuz I'm freezing I keep my house really
really really cold in my house and I
love that way
so um I like just I'd rather be cozied
up and a bunch of sweaters and blankies
then be sweating like I just don't like
being hot so I'm always freezing so I'm
always wearing a big sweatshirt her
sweater or something but this is
actually cuter without the sweater
alrighty now I'm gonna go back to
editing so I just got dressed up and did
my makeup I've done my hair but you know
I don't need to do it all
hey everyone so as I'm editing this
video right now there was a portion of
the day yesterday where I talked for a
long
about the school shootings or shooting
having yesterday that was so tragic and
terrifying and awful and devastating as
I'm editing it it was big portion of
this vlog and as I'm editing it I feel
like it's wrong to put that in with the
same video where I'm like promoting my
book like it just feels wrong to have
those in the same video for some reason
it just feels like tacky like to be
liked by my book and I'm so excited
about my book and also nom crying about
a school shooting it just it felt really
weird it's it's authentic and real and
it was my day but it just felt it feels
weird so I'm going to put that in a vlog
for tomorrow or the next day or
something just because or maybe just all
completely by itself I'll just have that
separate my thoughts on everything that
happened and what you guys can do to
help and what I can do to help and all
that stuff so that'll come later but I
just I also while I didn't want that in
this vlog I also don't want you guys to
think that I went the whole day on
Valentine's Day without thinking about
the shooting or acknowledging it it was
huge deal and it's devastating and I
have not stopped reading about it and
hurting about it and desperately trying
to find places to donate to and help and
see what I can do to make a difference
and make a change and better educate
myself so I can tell you guys what to do
as well but yeah I just don't want
anyone to think that like I didn't care
about what happened yesterday I
desperately do I just felt like it
seemed wrong to be promoting my book and
then talking about I don't know why that
felt weird to me but just when I was
editing it seemed strange anyway
I love you guys and here's the rest of
the vlog I'm having a good Valentine
tonight it's hard day but I got a
sparkling fanny pack look it's the kind
of just the thing and back in my PJs
and look at these beautiful flowers and
I got some chocolate mousse is such a
good Valentine
you're such a gentleman mood getting you
me a fanny pack and flowers and
chocolate such a gentleman
