whatever you celebrate come on everybody
had a beautiful morning I didn't vlog at
all because I was hanging out with a
family who was basically in my second
family my entire like high school years
and college years I would say there's no
one in this elevator sorry I got nervous
there was a concierge in the elevator
anyways it was really cool to see them
because I grew up with them so to see
like Sasha the girl I literally managed
her since she was like eight years old
and now she's four now whoa she's blurry
she's blurry blurry oh hey girl what's
up guys so today I didn't vlog and I you
know it's vlogmas I'm supposed to vlog
every single day I did vlog a little bit
you guys just saw I have lied a little
bit this morning but um but honestly I
spent most of the day with the Bergers
which is this family that I used to work
for um I get down here on the ground
chat with you for a second before I hop
in my shower um yeah I just was spending
time with family essentially so I didn't
film anything I just wanted to be with
them and hang out with them and it just
made me so happy I'm Sasha
I started babysitting when she was like
8 or 9 and I was I think 16 when I
started working with them and candy I
think she was 13 and my main job was to
babysit Sasha but candy was there a lot
of the time too and we just all became
friends and sisters and I worked with
him for years and years and years and
they were really like siblings to me so
they moved to Sydney quite a few years
ago yeah it just makes me so happy to
see them it just reminds me of home and
like a big chunk of my childhood and
growing up and learning how to cook and
look after kids and
I don't know it was just a really good
time in my life and it was really cool
today to like have lunch with them and
dinner with them so the family the mom
Lorna and candy and Sasha were talking
to Candy's girlfriend about me and who I
was and Lorna was like Sasha had an
amazing childhood because of Kony and
and Sasha was like kollene made my
childhood so amazing every day she'd
come over at 9 in the morning to nanning
me and all day was full of crafts and
baking and swimming and making videos
and like I literally bring my huge video
camera over to her house and we'd like
make skits and music videos and also
this is before YouTube and I would edit
together these like movies and skits and
silly things have her and me and her
friends and like every single day and
it's so funny that that stuff like stuck
with her so much because I did that
because that's what I wanted to do and I
told her that today I was like I didn't
do that to like make you have so much
fun I did it because I was like hey
today be fun to make videos today be fun
to do crafts today it'd be fun to bake
and but it was just cool to hear her be
like I had such an amazing childhood
because of what you did every day with
me and that was so cool cuz like at the
time I wasn't thinking like I was this
gonna stick with her as she gonna enjoy
this I was just like being myself and
having fun and enjoying my time with her
so to hear that it had such an impact on
her life and I don't know it was just
really cool and I just love her so much
because that family had such a huge
impact on my life
they were like they're my family and so
to hear that it went both ways I don't
know it's just a cool it's a cool day
and I just love that family so much and
I'm really homesick right now I really
really really want to go home I love to
her but my family is my life and I don't
like being away from my family this long
I don't like being away for my cats I
just want to be in my own bed at home
you guys know what it's like to be
homesick I'm not complaining about being
on tour I feel like the luckiest girl in
the world that I'm here but um it was
just nice to see people who I consider
family because I'm homesick and so to
see them was just so wonderful but
anyway I'm gonna take a shower you can
hear my shower running I'm gonna take a
shower and go to bed because tomorrow we
have two shows which means we leave for
the theater at 8 a.m.
the soundcheck at 9:00 a.m. have a meet
and greet at 11:00 a.m. have a show at 2
p.m. have a quick break for lunch
soundcheck it for another meet and greet
of 5 and a show at 8 and then pack
everything up and so basically I'm going
to be at that theater tomorrow from 8:00
in the morning until about like 11 p.m.
so it's a really long day so I should
get to bed but I love you guys and
thanks for listening to me talk I'm
probably gonna combine today's vlog with
tomorrow's cuz I don't have much rich
for you guys today bye love ya and I'll
see ya tomorrow
bye ah it's blurry I just bought this
new camera it's always blaring good
morning um we're at the theater we were
crying
it looks so dead but we're trying to do
soundcheck we're having difficulties so
I am just signing some posters before
the show I'm trying to watch to the Andy
Kaufman Jim Carrey documentary on
Netflix I love Andy Kaufman in Jim
Carrey Andy Kaufman is a huge
inspiration to me and like my character
and Carrie is just a genius
I'm living for this documentary I've
gotta finish signing posters those
duties I just did the meet and greet the
first meeting agreed and it was really
nice and now we're gonna I need to check
the stage so I've never filmed at this
part but I always check this stage
before each show to make sure all the
props are in place this is my theater of
bringing you're taught to always check
your props like make sure your props are
there so the props people are in charge
of it but you make sure you're in charge
of your individual individual prop just
to double-check and so I always do that
every show so right now I'm checking
this is where I do my quick change so
here's my costume and then there's the
pants down there you can't really see
them water these are all Cory's props so
I don't really check those so then over
here
my hair still part of down the middle
Miranda um so this I make sure it's like
exactly like this and this must be right
there goes right there this one's my mic
and then over here my water I usually
put these over a little bit more setlist
okay now check the raps backstage so
over here
this let's see here this is the first
thing I put on my head and one of their
earlier numbers and then never have to
cook change into this I make it so I can
you step right in and pull it up and put
throw the weight on that's how those go
and then then I push this closer these
don't need to be a little bit closer
because I just throw this on as well
closer you know just making sure
everything is ready to go
stage is checked you're welcome mate and
now it's time to eat and the fan get
ready for the show that's what I do
isn't that thrilling
second being great down first show done
now I'm about to go on stage to do the
second show all my like second families
here like Sasha and candy and Lauren and
ever and I'm super excited and yeah we
about to do this
Oh guys tour is over
crazy there's been a crazy couple of
weeks I know kind of been like not great
at vlogging the last couple days I've
just been so tired from all the touring
and I've also been really homesick so
I've just been bad at vlogging but it's
vlogmas so I'll vlog every day boo so
I'm gonna go home and it's gonna be my
birthday and on my birthday I get to go
to the Children's Hospital 41 in the
morning there's no one there watch that
scared too why did my phone just ring
and then nothing happened oh my god I'm
like genuinely scared it is 1:00 in the
morning what I'm going to the Children's
Hospital of Los Angeles for my birthday
hang out with kids who are sick and kids
with cancer and I'm so excited to get to
know them and talk to them and hang out
with them and donate my time and get
excited for and in preparation for the
fundraiser I'm doing for my birthday on
November 30th so please tune in on
November 30th it'll just be a live
stream like on my main channel and you
guys can donate money it can be a dollar
and just be watching the live stream is
helping raise awareness but anyone who
donates any money even it's just a
dollar fifty cents like you were entered
to win a bunch of prizes so yeah I'll
tell you guys more about that later but
anyway for now I need to finish packing
and I need to go to bed and oh my god it
looks so tired the shows today were
wonderful and after the last show I
cried I just was crying I was so
grateful like I just thought about the
little like 10 year old version of me
dreaming of being on like a Broadway
stage and performing for thousands of
people and now I'm in Australia on my
own tour and like there's thousands of
people just like cheering and being
not be and laughing and like oh my god
what a dream come true this is such a
dream job and I know it won't last
forever
and and I'm just I just can't believe
it's lasted this long I feel so grateful
so anyway I'm going to try to sleep and
just be terrified that someone was
calling my room two seconds ago I love
you guys and I will see you in Los
Angeles
