whatever you celebrate what's up guys I
am in Melbourne still and I'm sitting in
a really posh business lounge at the
hotel and it's crazy to me how much
people don't respect you if you're not
dressed a certain way in these locations
like it's always shocking to me like I
have been looked down on and lied to to
multiple times
in the two hours that have been here I'm
working and I have to check out of my
room so I'm sitting in the lobby area to
do work and I'm just so bothered by how
I am treated less than just because I'm
not wearing a business suit like since I
look like just like a regular old lady
and I have I don't know I just
it really bothered me like everyone's
been really rude to me because everyone
else in this area is wearing business
suits and the girls are wearing dresses
and heels I'm a customer at this hotel
just like everyone else is but just
because I'm not dressed the same as them
and I'm like younger than them I'm
getting fully treated like crap like I'm
not getting like every time I've tried
to talk to anyone who works here they're
super rude to me what's up it's mom bull
they're gonna go to a movie another not
guys I didn't plug it all today because
nothing happened I was just working from
the hotel literally that's all I did all
day was worked but look how cool I'm in
Sydney now and check it out look what
you can see from my window that is the
Sydney Opera House I'm looking at it
from my freakin window how cool is that
guys I'm freaking out about it it's
midnight I'm tired I want to go to bed
it but I haven't eaten so I just ordered
some room service I'm gonna try to get
some work done tomorrow we wake up early
and drive to Newcastle and have a show
in Newcastle and hopefully we'll find
Crocs before then because we left my
Crocs in Brisbane Chris found some small
Crocs for me but they were too small so
I have got huge blisters all over my
feet in the show like my feet are just
disgusting right now cuz they're covered
in blisters so I didn't really want to
have to go through another night of
blisters and like ripping open the
blisters that were already made
we're trying to find a bigger pair of
Crocs that are more similar to the ones
I usually wear so we're hoping to find
some before the show tomorrow but I
don't know if it's gonna happen so I
might just have blistery feet young all
right check it out y'all she got some
spaghetti bolognaise uh it is midnight
I'm gonna eat this that stuff they got
brought it up so fast they're like it's
gonna be about 45 minutes and they
literally came in five minutes with the
food which is glorious so I'm gonna eat
this really quickly and I'm gonna finish
editing and uploading and gonna go to
bed and then tomorrow we wake up and
drive to Newcastle whoa what's up guys
major drama today we are at the Theatre
in Newcastle we're about to do sound
check I was in the middle of doing my
hair when they said we ready to do sound
check but I'm using a new camera today
because mine broke yeah we can get
started yeah my camera broke I dropped
and we found Crocs yesterday we lost
frogs but my original Crocs and Brisbane
got mailed to us in which the post
office today and got them goodbye oh my
god okay so my show starts in a half an
hour so I need to get out of Miranda
because I need to turn back into myself
I just tried to react to compilation
videos of myself and could not stay in
character I was laughing so hard
so now kind of makes me want to do a
reaction to compilation video as myself
like because they're funny like you guys
are funny like whoever's editing these
is a crack-up but I couldn't keep a
straight face so I'm gonna show you guys
some of that footage because I thought
it was funny but maybe I'm crazy
yeah anyway the Mikra was really fun I'm
excited to do this shows today and I
have two more shows in Sydney in a
couple days you have to taste these
potato chips and they taste like potato
you know I was like yeah potato chips
they're made out of potatoes he's like
you have to taste them I was like I
don't want to taste them I don't feel
good potato flavor but I know but it's
the potato chips of course it is like
potato ah sizes can I just say that I
deserved it because I did that prank on
my cat and they were so bad monster I
know and so I deserved it I got payback
Karma's bitch
what's up guys I am taking a bath
obviously I am straight-up naked in this
blog right now
scandal of the century watch out Tana
mojo coming for your brand I'm being
scandalous I'm actually not being
scammed oh my camp I'm taking a bath my
shoulder really hurts and one of the
best things for it it's just so good in
warm water and then I sit so I'm soaking
my shoulder and warm water but I wanted
to chat with you guys it is 12:30 I had
a really lovely at night the house with
being homesick is like meeting you guys
on another note my birthday is coming up
which means you guys know what that
means it means birthday fundraiser for
childhood cancer I'm really excited I am
doing it again this year it's gonna be
on November 30th I don't have the link
yet but just know November 30th try to
keep it open I'm gonna be giving my tons
of cool stuff to anyone who just donates
like if you donate even if you donate $1
to childhood cancer a $1 $5 $10 $100 I
don't care as long as you're donating
it's amazing it's all I want for my
birthday is for you guys to donate to
childhood cancer so yeah the information
for that will be out soon anyway I love
you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
