whatever you celebrate alrighty guys
hello good morning
I'm obviously at the beach we have
another day off I'm on vacation this
doesn't even feel like a tour those
sounds are hearing hourly and Chris
putting suntan lotion on each other oh
yeah we're gonna hang it at the beach
for an hour before to go to the airport
to fly to Melbourne so that's all right
right now where are we Surfers Paradise
like I've always wanted to come pick old
clothes so I'd always heard it was like
amazing and I never chris is going to
the water there it goes Christopher
Robin so guys I made it to Melbourne I
didn't vlog anymore
last night so I think I'm just gonna
combine the two days today because I
didn't have a lot of log footage
yesterday but I'm so happy right now
because I just found out that I'm here
in Australia and I'm so excited to be
here today because today a marriage
equality passed yes marriage equality
for everyone here in Australia it
happened today which is so cool that I
get to be here and celebrate and like I
don't know I just I'm so happy and I was
really nervous because I was like what
if it doesn't pass and I'll and I'm here
like I would have been devastated
everyone would have been devastated like
it would been so sad like it would been
so so so sad so I'm so happy
what a cool experience that I get to be
here when that happens um I am just
gonna get ready for the day and then I
have a show tonight which is really
exciting
alright guys I discovered a new style
and it's gonna become a trend y'all hear
me okay so I know crop tops are out and
I'm still wearing them and high-waisted
pants and shorts are out and I'm still
wearing them I know that it's like cool
to like wear actually don't know what
it's cool to wear actually but I know
that this is out because I can't find
high-waisted stuff really anymore but
what I wanted to say is I was wearing
this tank top underneath my Sh I was
wearing this when I got cold so I put
this sweater on
but this crop top is too small and this
crop-top is kind of lower and I'm kind
of into how dumb it looks like it looks
really dumb because like my tank top is
longer than this but it's still a crop
top I don't know what it reminds me of
is I've seen a lot of girls wear like
wife beaters and stuff that are like up
to like literally up they go right above
the boobs you see the bottom of
someone's boob when they're wearing
these like wife beaters so like the crop
tops that are like an or whatever that I
have seen are really small and like show
the bottom of your boob which obviously
I'm not gonna wear that because I'm a
mom I've got what I used to do back in
the day I was home-schooled or when I
was like very conservative is if there's
anything that was low-cut to hide my
boobs
I would wear like a tank top underneath
the low-cut and it was really stupid
looked really bad and it's kind of like
the under version of that so it's like
I'm wearing a tank top underneath to
hide any under boob that this shirt
would have shown so this is the
conservative version of crop tops
he took me back to place
you are having a croc emergency
apparently my Crocs are in Brisbane and
we are in Melbourne so I I had my Crocs
I left them out of my suitcase because
whenever I have something for the show I
leave it out of my suitcase once we go
to like the airport or put her back in
storage or whatever so that Corey early
or someone can put the Miranda stuff
into a show suitcase so they are on top
of my personal suitcase waiting to be
put into a show suitcase and I guess the
hotel like took the shoes off of my
suitcase and put them on a shelf or
something so none of my crew saw that
the pink shoes needed to go into shosuke
so they went missing and we just now
found out and the show starts in like a
few hours so I don't have Crocs it's
such a mess but Corey was so funny when
he found out cuz Korey is very good at
his job like Korey is the best in the
biz
he's always very organized he always has
all the props so it says the costume
like he's ready to go he's so good and
so Leigh was like oh we're missing the
Crocs and so quite Corey what are these
response was hmm that's interesting like
someone misplaced the crog's cause like
if he were as in charge of them that
would never would have happened so it's
I think it's technically my fault
because I should have told them the guys
like hey here's the pink Crocs again
like make sure these end up in a
suitcase for the show but I just assumed
that they would see like oh there's
coins costume again we need to put it in
the show suitcase because that's what we
do every day but it doesn't matter whose
fault it is the fact that matter is now
we need to find some pink rocks you
signboards I mean think green I just did
the Q&A yeah I'm hearing screaming and
now I'm gonna go take some pictures
oh my god I need oil mean so much so
much and I ate saw some Tim Tams and I'm
really excited about it because I'm
literally so obsessive Tim Tims right
now it is embarrassing in all of
Australia and so he's gonna do Colleen's
makeup the pressure is on we're looking
for a high editorial look from Rena
Singh the cover of Vogue I'm feeling
like Beyonce wet hair there's the
finished look beauty great
hey guys just got out of the shower
sorry for the criticism in the world it
looks like some Blair Witch Project
terrifying video but I'm filming on my
computer I don't know where my camera is
it's late at night so I'm not getting
out of bed honey it's 2:00 in the
morning
but I just wanted to say that I just had
so much fun on stage tonight and it was
so cool for me to see just a crowd of
like 2500 people like a sold-out show -
2500 C theater it was so insane and to
be doing a show on a day where just
history was made here in Australia I
know it still needs to pass a parliament
but the fact that over 60 percent of
people voted YES for marriage equality
is just so cool first time I ever came
to Melbourne I performed for like 20
people like no one came to my show and
it was like in the back of a restaurant
in a basement somewhere like it was
super weird and tiny little room and no
one came but I remember thinking then
like wow I've made it like this is
incredible like I made it I'm performing
in Melbourne Australia and that was like
eight years ago and now I am doing it
again and I still have that same feeling
like I saw the same feeling like oh wow
this is so incredible like who does this
happen to I feel so lucky like my dreams
are coming true and I love that I felt
that way when I was performing for 20
people and now I feel that way I want to
perform for 2,500 people I just feel
really lucky and this doesn't happen to
everybody I just like I feel so grateful
because you know I don't know where my
career is going I don't know what's
gonna happen in the future with Netflix
I don't know what's gonna happen in the
future with YouTube I'm really scared to
be honest like being real at 2:00 in the
morning with you guys like I'm really
scared of what's gonna happen moving
forward but tonight was just really it
was really cool and it made me go like
who cares what happens next like be
grateful for what's happening right now
and that's how I've always lived my life
and that's how I've always done my
careers I go okay well I don't know
what's happening tomorrow so I'm not
gonna freak out about it I'm just gonna
live today to the fullest and do the
best I can today to be
the best performer and person that I can
be and that's how I've always done my
career and so lately I've been like
scared of what's gonna happen in the
future and I think that's what I've been
doing wrong is I've been scared instead
of just like appreciating what I have
right now so you should want to say
thank you so much to everyone who came
to my show everyone who still watches my
videos like I love you and I'm so
appreciative of you and I feel really
lucky and really happy and yeah no
matter what happens moving forward if
all of you guys decide to stop watching
my videos if you know I don't get
another season in my show if you know no
bicycles to my shows anymore moving
forward I know that like I've had you
know wonderful experiences and I have a
wonderful family and wonderful friends
and today everything's ok and that's a
cool feeling so yeah I don't know I
don't really know what I'm saying I
guess this is what you get when I vlog
at 2:00 in the morning
on my computer but yeah I love you guys
and thanks for watching my vlogs tours
almost done which I'm really happy about
because I miss my cats
um in my family but I'm having so much
fun and where I freaking love it but I
don't know if you guys saw my sister's
vlog but my kitten Daisy was at the vet
yesterday and so that kind of jarred me
and now I just I really want to go home
because my little kitten is injured so
yeah anyway I know I'm saying
just know that I love you guys and I'm
really appreciate with you and thanks
for sticking with me for so many years
and I just feel really lucky
