whatever you celebrate oh my god today
is starting off rough y'all I just burnt
my toes inside of my straightener I
don't know how I did it I don't
understand my myself but my straightener
was on the floor and it was on I was
trading my hair and I just somehow put
my foot inside of it I think Lee's here
let's see it starting to cut you off
earlier Lee showed up in my room was
like burn cream what a sweetheart
and now we rented a car we're on a road
trip together hey we're going to the
Australia Zoo
yeah this is called I went to this one
last time I was here and it was truly
the best day of my life I entitled the
vlog the best day of my life because it
was to hang out with Wallabies and
kangaroos and koalas was really cool so
I'm excited experience it with the boys
we're on a road trip
Oh
Oh
I am freaking out you guys I've done
this before and I just forgot how
magical it is they are so sweet and
they're Sosa I cannot handle it they're
so cute they're so cute look at them all
what did we just finally and I am a good
friend here as well
can you stay out you say wow I'd say it
differently to you but I said the way
that is correct
he hits you
I scared
hi cutie
we're all exhausted we did a lot of
walking today but we got to go to the
hospital like where they treat all the
animals like koalas who've been hit by
cars and like stuff like that and it was
really cool to see how they treated all
the different animals and then they
treat them back to health and then they
let them back in the wild which is so
cool it's a really cool zoo it's like
the animals are kind of just like out
and about in the wild and like you get
to go up to them and hang out with them
it's really awesome I loved it did you
have fun it was so good yeah it was
really cool so we didn't see any spiders
and we really wanted to hold a spider
because I'm terrified of them it's gonna
feel some fear what sure
we're at a restaurant like right on the
water have a sinner and he ordered like
a fancy menu area like this bring you a
bunch of stuff
