whatever you celebrate hello good
morning I'm watching Rachel's livestream
right now no limits in my room do that
skin off of my finger at now I'm
bleeding I have this horrible habit
where I rip skin off of my freaking
fingers it's disgusting I usually do it
when I'm stressed or bored or scared
about something no no I feel like it's
like a nervous habit my fingers are
disgusting like that all are like ripped
up and scarred and like bloody and my
hands are really gross y'all I'm trying
to figure out what to film YouTube is a
mess I'm just gonna put out there at
YouTube is mess they only promote like
celebrities now they don't promote
youtubers anymore if you go on to
YouTube just youtube.com like all the
trending videos all the popular videos
are like Jimmy Fallon Jimmy Kimmel Kim
Kardashian like it's celebrities they
don't support youtubers as much anymore
every once in a while they'll throw like
a kc nice dad or eliza Koshi video in
there but for the most part the videos
that are promoted on YouTube are not
youtubers so it's harder to get people
to view your videos but if you do click
bait to try to get people to click your
video and to get it trending people get
mad at you to click bait but it's just
everything's changing like the views are
just all over the place and it's really
really hard to figure out YouTube now I
feel like I've been doing YouTube for 10
years and I've always been able to
figure it out and I've always been able
to be like oh this is what people want
to see this is what people are watching
and now none of it makes any sense like
if I do click bait sometimes people
watching a lot of views and sometimes I
get no views and people don't watch and
if I do like something that's really
trendy and popular like slime people
like some videos get like a million
views in a day and then some videos I do
slime and no one watches it and
sometimes I'll do cleans corner and
it'll get like no views and the next
time it'll get millions of views so it's
like it's really weird it's like
YouTube's in this spot for me personally
right now where it's like impossible to
figure out like I I feel like I try
everything and like nothing works so
I've decided like
the next couple videos I'm just gonna do
what I think will be funny like that's
what my last video was I just posted was
me just like talking the camera and just
kind of like stream-of-consciousness and
didn't do very well like it didn't get a
lot of views at all and I I'm at a point
now where I'm like well I don't know
what to do so if I am doing videos that
I don't like doing and those aren't
really getting good views sometimes I do
sometimes they don't I might as well
just be doing videos that I like to do
that are interesting to me and if they
don't get views oh well at least I'm
doing something that I like so I'm
trying to think of some ideas for my
psycho soprano channel what I could do I
really want to do like skits and stuff
like those are my favorite things to do
but um I don't have all my camera
equipment here and like my wigs and like
all that stuff so try improvise and
think of something I can do so yeah
that's what I'm doing but actually for
the theater and a half an hour so it
doesn't look like I have time to film a
video today or at least before I go to
the venue I'm excited for the show
tonight in Brisbane woohoo
oh jeez Brad the venue let's see what it
looks like what the heck this is already
so strange
oh my gosh in charge am I in a church
check it uh I feel like I've performed
here before but maybe I've just
performed in places like this before but
look we've had to like make wings ya
know cuz we're not New Zealand just as
Amin great it was amazing you guys are
the sweetest ever and I got so many
presents you guys world this is not out
of me with all of these presents and yes
if you were listening to Corey and
Leigh's conversation gory did just say
my vagina is shaking it just says a new
his new phrase that he says every five
minutes that I love it I'm gonna do my
shoulder exercises today I've already
done some today earlier and I'm gonna do
more you gonna see how lame they are
because my arm can't really handle
exercises you're gonna see how lame I
make funny
no no no because picture children
together
this is what I look like after sure
what's up guys oh my god took a shower
and my hair is drying naturally and it's
just a frizz ball um yeah the show was
so fun tonight I feel like I'm finally
getting into the swing of things and I
should had a freaking blast like I had
so much fun on stage tonight it was
amazing and so if you came to the show
tonight in Brisbane thank you so much
and the audience was so supportive and
like excited and happy and laughing and
it was just it made me so happy and um
you know it's just I just had a lot of
fun so thank you for coming the show and
for putting a smile on my face like I
just had a blast tonight on stage
tomorrow we're going to is you we're
going to a sanctuary we're doing
something with animals um yeah I'm gonna
try to get some more work done tomorrow
and stuff but anyway I thought since I
don't have a lot of footage from today I
would play a little ukulele for you do
that
I'm Sophie
