hi guys so I'm not gonna edit this video
because I was trying to do a live stream
tonight but the Internet in my hotel is
terrible so I'm just gonna do an actual
video basically for season 1 of haters
back off
I live streamed and talked about behind
the scenes secrets and fun things that
happened on set and whatnot
and you guys the hardcore haters back
off fans really liked it so I wanted to
do it again this year for season 2 but I
just haven't had time because when the
show came out I just got crazy busy with
press and now I'm on tour I'm in
Australia right now so usually I do a
live stream and I tell you all these
behind-the-scenes secrets but I thought
I'll just film it on my camera just
upload it as a one-take so if you guys
want to watch along with this video
please do so but if you don't really
like haters back off it's not something
you're interested in this will be the
most boring thing in the world to you so
please do not watch this video but
regardless if you like these behind the
scenes videos or not you should go watch
haters back off season 2 again please go
just keep watching it it makes me really
happy so anyway I'm going to watch
episode 1 right now and I'm gonna try
not to pause it too much and I'm gonna
tell you all the behind-the-scenes
secrets now before we get started I do
want to say the biggest secret about
this episode is that how it is right now
is nothing like how it was in the script
or what we shot originally this episode
started off with a huge big musical
number of Miranda singing and dancing in
a glittery outfit with handsome men
dancing all around her we had a huge
beautiful stage it was just beautiful
and then she bumps into one of the
dancers and looks up and realizes it's
Patrick which snaps her into her real
life in her living room and Uncle Jim is
filming her and you just you realize she
was just imagining she was on this big
beautiful stage but really she was just
in the living room the whole time and
then you see the whole family's there
they're all hanging out it's Bethany's
birthday and then use it like zips
forward threw everything into Miranda's
sitting at the computer screen crying
where we left off at the end of season 1
but it was just like watching it it just
like
it was cool but it was just it's really
confusing cuz it's like it's a flashback
in a reality situation but that's a
memory of Miranda when she's crying at
the commute it was just kind of
confusing it was really cool but the
biggest issue is that we just want to
get to the story we wanted to see him to
see Miranda getting to Uncle Jim and
getting to Bethany and like getting her
family together so it's just tip too
long so that's the biggest secret and I
really wish we could reveal like and
show you guys the actual footage that we
shot up like that big musical number I
have some of the rehearsal footage that
I might post at some point but anyway
let's watch the episode so how this
works is you pull up haters back off on
Netflix you guys right now
and we'll watch together and I'll tell
you when to pause and I'll just kind of
talk you through secrets so start now
you guys can hear it on my computer for
a second and I'll turn it off so is the
intro fun fact about the intro season to
all the names are misspelled and crossed
off installed right that is my actual
handwriting I wrote it down on pieces of
paper in the writers room or nano in the
editing room during post-production and
season one has different misspellings
than season two if you guys watch and
the haters back off handwriting is mine
handwriting as well so Miranda is in her
little room crying
there's the bicycle bail so I'm gonna
turn it down so I'm not like messing
with whatever you guys are watching
around it goes outside and is looking
for Patrick there's no one there
I hate this shot because I'm actually
crying but it looks fake because you can
see my eyebrow makeup like dripping down
my face um so then I'm in the living
room snoring I love this shot we had a
great director for this episode his
name's Brian um he actually is directing
like he's currently directing something
with Teala Dunn and jennxpenn like he
works with youtubers a lot now recently
which is cool so are the spaghetti bits
I'm trying to open up the can I love
this montage we named the spaghetti bits
Buckner's spaghetti bits Buckner is the
last name of my uncle and while we were
writing this episode or while we were
trying to figure out what to name the
spaghetti Oh cans my uncle actually
passed away and they're like we need a
name for the spaghetti bits and I was
like I'll name it after my uncle so
that's why it's called Buckner's
spaghetti bits I love this me trying to
open up the can I actually did that for
like an hour and a half and they didn't
give me any direction there was just
like try to get it open do whatever you
want and so I was like taking anything I
could find to try to open it up we had
tons of footage and originally this
montage of me opening up the can was
like I think it was like a few minutes
long and we had to just keep cutting it
there's too much so yeah soon I see the
phone and I'm gonna reach for it and
call my mom call Bethany um what else
can I tell you I love this shot to this
director was really creative with his
shots which I loved just like to have
the camera nice and low and then the
wide shot the Merry Christmas sign up in
the corner over there that actually is
in my house that I grew up in we have a
Merry Christmas oh it looks just like
that the over that bed shot of Miranda
waking up you see a hope chest on the
left that's like almost an exact replica
of a hope chest that I have a lot of
stuff in the house on set was based on
my actual home so here's a fun
information why when I slam the can open
something interesting about that I'm
gonna actually pause it right here
so I'm at about 2 minutes and 52 seconds
is that it oh my god um so anyway that
can we had like a pre it was pre-cut and
then they glued it back together so it
was easy for me to chop through now note
them the director said I want you to eat
it right when you open it up and I was
like great will do but no one told us
that inside there was glue because they
like luda shut so when I dug my hand in
it and stick it in my mouth I I didn't
realize that it was literally poison
glue inside of there so I like freaked
out
actually I'll see if I can grab my phone
really quickly so there's footage of me
eating the can for the first time and
are eating this video is the first take
of me eating the SpaghettiOs and it
literally tasted like poison it was like
actual poison and my face is just like
it tasted so bad but I would do anything
to get the shot so hold on
I have footage of the rehearsal I'm
gonna show you a little bit of that this
is the rehearsal for the opening number
of something hands it up
so this is how the whole season
originally started this is a rehearsal
this was shot on an iPhone this is not
what it actually looks like but yeah so
that's that which I probably get in
trouble for joining you but here's the
first take I found it okay so you're
gonna see me eating it so in the yell
cut you see how disgusted I am with it
on CNC I'm like disgusted because it was
they literally tasted like poison there
was so much glue and poison in there
anyway moving on we're gonna push play
I'm at um 2 minutes and 52 seconds and
we'll push play together right now
so I'm digging into the spaghetti oh can
eating those I love this song by the way
I think it's so pretty
our composer did a great job then I'm in
the Spaghettio bath there's a
behind-the-scenes video on my psycho
soprano page of this day of us filming
the Spaghettio bath and it was freezing
it was miserable as freezing I was
shaking it was so cold and I was really
bummed because I was really excited to
shoot that scene I thought it would be
so fun to be in a bath of spaghetti but
it was just so cold I couldn't enjoy it
um another thing about that scene is
like we'd written this whole montage of
like Miranda home alone and what that
would look like and what would she do
and what would she have problems with
and Netflix came back to us tonight we
want to we want something weirder
like what wooden try to do that's weird
we want to see how she would be
different and weird than any other
person being home alone I was like what
does she took a bath in SpaghettiOs and
so that's what we did so right I just
talked to the family the potato and the
bag of salami and all that stuff I love
that shot that's really low of me like
sucking the milk ah that's really funny
I ate so much on this episode like
eating this SpaghettiOs a ton of
SpaghettiOs I had a ton of like the bowl
of milk and the cocoa puffs I ate like
probably six or seven bowls of that
which is probably the least amount of
anything I ate it popsicles like I had
so much on
said the see um episode summer and is
running outside looking for Patrick he's
nowhere to be found so suddenly she
realizes the bicycle Bell is coming from
inside of the van and it's Uncle Jim so
I love whenever we get to shoot at this
house I love this location I think this
house is beautiful and actually when we
found this house we were scouting a
different house we were actually looking
at a different house in the neighborhood
to shoot Miranda's house at and we and I
saw it in person I was like I don't
think I like this house and then I saw
it down the street a few houses down I
saw this house and I was like that's
Miranda's house and they're like oh that
woman you know we're not allowed to
shoot at that house and I was like but
that's Miranda's house that's it and so
they went asked her again and again and
finally she's like okay you can shoot
here so that originally was not the
house we were supposed to shoot at so
uncle Jim is talking to Miranda I love
him the man who plays uncle Jim Steve
little is like literally on my favorite
people in the world he's letting me into
his house which is his van his Uncle Jim
is moved into the van they were actually
fish in that fish tank you see in the
fish tank and the bike and everything in
the car yeah you can see there's real
fish in there I thought that was funny
when I went in the car that first day I
was like oh my god there's actual fish
this was one of the first scenes we shot
I think we shot this on day three of
shooting of two months of shooting this
is shown on day three this van also is a
replica of the van I grew up with so we
had this exact van when I was a little
girl and it was always a mess and they
did such a good job on it it looked like
when I first saw the band season one
else like I feel like I'm living my
childhood again it was kind of crazy so
he's trying to get me to apologize and
he eventually grabs my face
this I could not keep a straight face in
this part hoping it bloopers for season
2 um it was really hard for me big
straight face with him like grabbing my
face like that he could not save the
Scottie bits we shot that like 20 times
he kept going spaghetti beds he'd say
Keti like he just could not say
pisghetti bits alright so this scene of
Bethany in the hotel this was the first
scene we shot of the whole season of her
and she's actually wearing a wig so if
Bethany and this episode when she's
wearing that hat that's a wig she really
wanted to wear a wig this season we all
wanted her to have a wig so she would
have to dye her hair because she
actually has blonde hair as you guys
know from Angela on the office and all
that she's a natural blonde and dyeing
your hair that often is not good for it
so we really wanted to have a wig and we
tried and we just couldn't get it to
look right because of the way we shoot
the show it gets so close in your face
you can like see the hairline and you
could just tell it was a wig so
unfortunately we had to dye her hair but
on that first day that was a wig she's
wearing so this scene of me eating the
cheese balls and were on the computer
that was we are call time was like 5:30
that day so this is like 6 a.m. that I'm
eating cheese balls and I remember there
was one take where I put a big cheese
ball in my mouth and like there was hair
in the cheese balls and I like pull out
the cheese balls in the hair and like
poop and I broke character I wish I
didn't because it would've been so funny
if I had him kept in character so anyway
now we're getting the emails and we get
an email from Sam Crusoe at rap party
which is based on the true story which
is I got an email from Jim Caruso from
Jim Crusoe's cast party but on our show
we call it the wrap party
Jim Caruso was the first person to ever
like really believe in me and give me a
chance and he invited me to come sing at
his open mic night and I spent all my
money in flew to New York to perform at
this open mic night and he really
believed in me and
me so since that was my first live
performance the first time performing as
Miranda on a stage in New York City we
had to make it part of the show so a lot
of the scenes too by the way between
Uncle Jim and Miranda our improv like a
lot of this was improv so we've decided
now we're gonna get rented to Broadway
this is a joke that I think is really
funny but I feel like no one really
catches it he dumps out the cheeseballs
he says put all your loose change in
here and I reach into my pockets and put
in more cheeseballs I don't know why I
think that is so funny
and in this part we're writing - screams
a quarter when I scream that that um in
my one of my writers Gigi and she's also
when my show runners is like her
favorite thing in the world like she has
seen the scene of ten trillion times and
she thinks a quarter me screaming a
quarter is the funniest thing I remember
the day we shot it after I screamed a
quarter I ran out to the EPA how's it
going and there was she was just like
when you scream a quarter it's my
favorite thing
here we are with Patrick here's a fun
little story I love that little fake
route so this is Cara Hayward who's
playing Amanda and she was in moonrise
kingdom which is a Wes Anderson film
it's actually my favorite Wes Anderson
film so I was really excited to have her
in the cast and she could not have been
sweeter she couldn't have been more
professional more wonderful like I
literally I love her so much care is
incredible so this scene between Patrick
and Miranda and Uncle Jim where Miranda
is trying to get him to be the road
again was originally a lot longer we cut
it down quite a bit because you kind of
get the idea it's like Moran was trying
to get him to be a roadie and he doesn't
want to do it so it's like the scene was
just too long but it was really hard for
me to let it go because I really liked
this thing so Patrick says no thank you
Miranda says we're using so ornery now
this is a joke that we put in the show
that is strictly an inside joke with me
and my family that happens a lot in the
writers room we'll put in inside jokes
that are just for us to laugh at and
this is one of them
so my family says the word ornery we say
honoring like that's just how we thought
that's how you said it and so we put
that joke in and it's just merely just a
joke for us like no one else would ever
think it was funny but she sees the
popsicle sticks in the trash she sees
that he ripped down the popsicle stick
wall and she's so hurt and sad because
at this point I think miranda is
definitely she definitely loves Patrick
and Patrick loves Miranda but Brenda
doesn't understand I was playing at maja
voiceover ana doesn't understand that
she loves Patrick she just thinks you
know we're best friends we've been best
friends since we were little kids and
obviously I care about him a lot he'll
always be there for me so I can date
whoever I want to date Patrick will
always be there no matter what so the
fact that he would rip down the popsicle
stick Mountain was jarring to Miranda
cuz she loves him and she doesn't
understand that that's what she's
feeling but she's feeling hurt and
confused and all that stuff so I think
Eric does such a good job in this moment
about the scene where he goes up to
unsubscribe to Miranda he has no lines I
think he's such a good actor oh here's a
good one I paused I'm at 12 minutes
exactly so every time you're on the
screen of a computer screen I strongly
recommend you pause and take a look
because there's lots of little fun
little secrets so the top related video
on the screen is called baby talks and
it's mama G mommy G so mommy G is for my
mom mommy Glen and the baby is Parker
and then the next one down is baby
laughing at burp and that is Jackson my
best friend Christina is her son the
next one down is a dog I actually don't
know who that is the hiding cat don't
know who that is and diving with jelly
fish the jelly fish photo is a photo
that I took at an aquarium somewhere but
so there's always little I try to put
little fun little secrets and whenever
there's a computer screen and so anyway
moving on we're at 12 minutes I'm
pushing play now so Patrick is making
the decision to unsubscribe from Miranda
I think
to put this up here so not be looking
down oh so now we're in the Bible
adventure museum you didn't kind of show
it to you guys like this actually how's
that so we're at the Bible Museum this
is like when my favorite things the
Bible museum was originally a theme park
we wanted a Bible adventure theme park
really badly but it was just too
expensive to rent out a theme park and
make it look like a Bible theme park but
everything I'm pausing again we are at
12 minutes and 38 seconds and
Christopher actually drew this on the
back of a script and sent it to the
production and that's one of my favorite
things about making a television show is
writing things down and seeing it come
to life and Christopher oftentimes my
brother and my co-writer would
oftentimes draw a sketch on the back of
the script and we take a picture of it
and send it and it would end up in the
show so I actually have an example of
this which would be the taco costume in
episode 2 so like we made a little
Barbie version of the taco costume as
you can see to send to the costumer and
so we did that I have a picture of this
somewhere but I just don't know what it
is here's a video of me trying out the
burning fire or the you know I got to
test out all the different things
there's videos of pictures of me all
over the Bible adventure Museum but
anyway maybe I'll show those in another
video but yeah anyway pushing play we're
at 12 minutes and 40 seconds this is
kori de Soto's voice actually what
happened was on the day we shot this we
just had Cory reading the lines and so
it wasn't supposed to be in the show it
was just him reading the lines for that
day so that Angela had something to
react to and then it was so funny when
we were editing the episode we were all
laughing so much at what Cory was doing
that we just kept it as Cory's voice
her hair is so dark she'd just dyed it
brown so it looks like Oz blackens
episode this is Mel tuck he's amazing
this scene was a lot longer to
originally Jim and Mel were like doing
the scene for a long long long time
before Miranda came out we cut a lot of
the scene Mel this day um he actually
got to set the day and was like I was
mugged last night he would beat up in
the streets of Vancouver the night
before we shot this and he showed up
what sex on set at 6:00 a.m.
ready to go I was like you're crazy but
he was amazing brilliant actor like a
brilliant Shakespearean actor he's a
well renowned teacher and actor in
Vancouver I love him so much I love Mel
he was in season 1 - oh this day I have
a funny story about that scene - sorry I
just pause it at 13 minutes 58 seconds
that scene another funny thing is that
was a day where I was in the house
waiting to come out for my entrance and
I actually think I told the story in my
snapshot on the day but I looked around
there's no one there obviously it was an
empty house and I farted like crazy loud
while I was waiting to enter and then I
turned around and looked and like
literally five feet from me it was the
woman who owned the house just standing
there staring at me like because I had
just I was standing this weird girl
lipstick all over her face is standing
in her house and I farted so loud and it
was so embarrassing and I text Corey
like oh my god I just farted in the
house and this woman's still standing in
here and I came out and did the scene
when they yelled cut the whole crew came
up to me was like laughing at me because
Corey told everyone it was really funny
pushing play at 1358 now this guy's
great he was a great improv actor and he
was so funny like you're all crying
laughing and everything there's a part
of this scene that I paused again
because this is important I am
devastated that it got cut but this
actor right here is my favorite person
in the world because these are extras
and extras aren't supposed to talk in
the scene unless you upgrade them and
hire them and pay them more to be a
speaking role so they're not supposed to
talk but he you know his amp
sobbing and he improved something and
this one just kept talking back and it
was so funny he was like alright Judas I
need you to look like this and Android
need you looking different and then this
woman was like oh I'm Andrew and like
was talking back oh no it cut out but
anyway this actor there's one of my
favorite things in the whole season was
mmm and we had to cut it was just them
him their banter back and forth who was
just so funny but we had to cut it and I
I don't know I can't really explain it
but it was really funny she trusts me
anyway I'm gonna push play so we're at
1407 and I just fished i bertha knee
comes in to take a picture at the last
supper something that drives me nuts is
his like logo the bible adventure museum
logo on his shirt just looks so bad it
looks like a sticker like we thought I
was gonna be embroidered on we didn't
really notice it until we were editing
the episode and I was like why does that
look so bad we couldn't fix it but kind
of works because it's supposed to be
like a janky museum so I have some of
these pictures in my house the like
little fake pictures gosh I realizing
water I love this scene oh it's great we
tried to think along with heart you know
we knew Bethany left the end of season 1
she said I don't want to be here and she
left and so we as writers were like
where would she go of all the places in
the world where would she go
and I was like well you know Bethany has
lived her whole life doing everything
for her daughter her daughter's her
family um but mostly for Miranda she's
lived her life for Miranda we want what
would Bethany do for herself what's
something she would want to do and we
thought she I really loved the idea of
her to amusement park like holding a
balloon and like eating cotton candy and
going on rides but then you know like I
said that was too big of a thing so we
had to downgrade to the museum but um
that magic trick Eric had to learn and
it was really hard he practice it for
weeks
we shot this scene at 2:30 in the
morning the end of a day we had like 15
minutes to shoot the whole thing it was
crazy hmm and I ate quite a few
popsicles I think I'm I think I only
went through like six or seven this
night I don't think it was that bad but
it was you know 2:30 in the morning yeah
pretty good these are genuine chokes the
brain freeze I get in a second is an
actual I actually got a brain freeze we
wanted to make the froze chose a
different recipe this season because I
got so sick on them last season but we
couldn't figure out a recipe that looked
exactly the same that yeah nothing
looked the same so if they changed the
sugary recipe if it didn't look right so
we couldn't change it Mel is so good I'm
obsessed with him I think he's such a
good actor I love Emma I love this scene
I love seeing Miranda be vulnerable and
I love playing vulnerable like for 10
years I've been playing this character
he's just a brat and horrible you know
snotty brat so to be able to play a
vulnerable scene was really fun for me
to see her kind of be sad or hurt or you
know see her try to go after him Patrick
he's been going after Miranda their
whole lives and to see Miranda
desperately trying to show him like look
we can make things okay it's not that
hard we just ignore everything and just
start over like it's not a big deal but
she has to learn that it's not that easy
and she kind of has to earn his trust
back and I love that like Miranda
wouldn't do this for anybody else maybe
uncle Jim but you really see how much
she cares about Patrick in the scene
that she's like going to such lengths to
try to be like look no we can make this
work I really love this scene there's
lipstick on my chin right there and then
it disappears in this
shot it's still there right here but it
goes away in a minute which kind of
drives me nuts you know that makes me
sad we shot it really high so that
Miranda looked small and weak and show
that like Patrick had kind of power over
Miranda so we like that high angle to
make Miranda look like tiny and weak in
this situation the scene was hard to
shoot it was emotional like you can see
me like my eyes like welling up I wasn't
expecting it to feel emotional but you
know every scene I've ever shot with
Eric is him adoring Miranda and just
being so in love with her so to do a
scene where he's not interested in
Miranda was really heartbreaking oh no
my battery's gonna die I'm so sad and if
this might be on my phone this whole
scene is within one shot we had like 10
minutes to shoot the scene so we just
did one shot we did no cuts which is why
there's this push and right now that
looks so bizarre I'd like that it's like
all shaky and weird I kind of like it
though it's like very our show to have
like a panning and zooming that's really
odd this day was crazy we shot at this
Airport it was so crazy good so much to
do and um not a lot of time to do it we
built all this none of this was here
this is all fake set at this airport
but we ended up rewriting a lot of the
scene on set which happens a lot on sets
and I had no idea that that happened
until we started shooting our show but
we got there and once we started doing
the scene out loud in character in the
moment in the day I was like oh some of
these lines don't really work all this
stuff stays the same but when Miranda
has her outburst at the end of the scene
it didn't work it was it was much
different originally and Miranda didn't
say anything about her fans she was just
like I have to go to New York I have to
go to New York because I left you know
my boyfriend and my sister hates me my
mom is gone
you know all this stuff and she's like
so I have to go to New York and then she
goes out to meet the fan and the fan is
what gives her the courage to go back
and try again and I was like wait this
isn't connecting so we need to write
something in here about a fan like about
the fans and how important the fans are
to her so that when a fan recognizes her
she gets the courage because we hadn't
really talked about the fans yet and so
we had to rewrite the scene on the day
like on that day every single take was a
different monologue so every time I do
the bursar I'm like no you don't
understand I have to go to New York I
have to go I flow down my uncle all that
stuff every single take is different cuz
we kept rewriting my monologue so every
single one I was like trying to memorize
a new monologue and then they yell cut
and then all the writers will get
together be like okay did that work I
don't know if that work let's try this
let's try this and we ended up getting
like three hours behind schedule it was
insane it was such a crazy day it was so
stressful and this is based on true
story so when we're writing episodes we
base it on things that have actually
happened to me and so one of the stories
I was telling the writers when we were
trying to come up with stories was that
I used to go to the airport by myself
and I had a suitcase full of weird props
and very often they would open up my
suitcase in the security and see a knife
they see swords bubble machine smoke
machine headless babies headshots with
Miranda and they would stop me and and
say you can't go on this plane you have
all these weapons so this happened to me
quite a lot so that whole monologue is
in this close-up because it's the only
time I did that monologue so when we
were editing it we had like four or five
different monologues to choose choose
from in different angles because they
were all very different but this one we
liked because Miranda's like I have fans
hello I have fans please raise your hand
that like who's a fan and she's already
at the lowest point of low like she just
man she loves the boy she loves just
basically rejected her her mom is
missing she's been calling her mom mom
doesn't win her she doesn't know where
her sister is and she but at least she
has her fans and she has her uncle
well her uncle's not there to back her
up cuz he's in a suitcase naked and so
the only thing she has really is her
fans like and so when she's like who's
here who's my fan and no-one's her fan
then she
just really has hit rock bottom so
that's why when she comes out here her
first fan recognizes her and it gives
her the courage and the little pat on
the back she needs to go and go to New
York and go after her dreams so I love
the way Brian Dan Lee our director shot
this I thought it was really creative to
do the like swooping around it's very
magical and I remember the very first
time I was recognized as Miranda in New
York City I remember it and so it's such
a magical moment my camera just died so
no my phone sorry this is such a mess
normally I'll just do a live stream but
the Internet's so bad so sorry guys this
is so jank
but anyway so like I was saying we
always talk about how you know what what
stories from my actual career could
inspire scenes and stuff and one of the
other stories I told was that I remember
the very first time I was ever
recognized and it was really magical to
hear someone go like oh my god are you
Miranda sings and I was like what yes
they're like oh my god I love you can I
take a picture I'm such a big fan I was
in New York City on the streets and it
was so just such a crazy moment and so
um that was such a big deal that we were
like oh that would be what motivates
Miranda to go to New York you know she
doesn't want to be in Tacoma anymore
because everything she has there is
doesn't isn't that her mom is gone and
Patrick doesn't love her anymore and so
she's like I just want to get out of
here just wanna run run away from my
problems and so you know she wants to be
famous yes she wants me I'm brought oh
yes but more than anything else she just
wants to get away from the mess that
she's created at home so anyway she
played 2241 uncle Jim up there putting
smoke everywhere he's naked we had only
a few minutes to shoot this too so I did
my own stunts here which was really fun
I jumped up on that thing and then
banged my head on the thing it was foam
padded so I didn't hurt that bad it was
not bad here we are back at the Bible
Museum with Angela
and Jesus I thought this guy was great
too he did such a good job at being on
just kind of deadpan and Muse really
funny so her hair is not a wig anymore
at this point it's just a wig in that
first scene with the Hat no tell this is
her actual hair so in this whole
monologue she's talking about Emily
which is something I don't think anyone
knows she's talking about Emily the
whole time she has this talent I don't
think it's gonna go anywhere she's
talking about her art so rewatch the
monologue again with Emily in mind she's
not talking about Miranda she's worried
about Emily since she looks up and sees
Jesus is there and she takes it as a
sign cuz he says if your family needs
you should go to them so we were hoping
that it would seem like bad Bethany is
the one who went to go get them at the
airport but really she went to go to
Emily first for the first time ever
normally she runs to Miranda but for the
first time ever she's changing and
becoming more confident and making
better decisions as a mom and she goes
to Emily because Emily's when she's kind
of been neglecting this guy was great
he improv this where he like closes the
door on all all right so we shot this
very late at night we rewrote this
episode so many times like my mind is
just gonna like oh my god we rewrote
Episode one I'm not kidding probably
like 20 times and the ending at one
point there was a musical number in the
airport at one point Patrick showed up
during the musical number at one point
Patrick saw them on the news like you
saw him in his bedroom watching the news
and you saw like Miranda was getting
into trouble and we had a bunch of
different endings how about this thing
too and so awkward how I just snapped
exactly like Miranda his hair is such a
mess on this show
he wore a beanie every day like a tight
beanie and he'd take a shower and then
like wear beanie and show up on set with
a beanie and then he'd take it off to
make it look like greasy and slicked
down to his head
so originally we wanted this shot to
look like Miranda was happy like that he
was gonna be working with her again but
then once we were editing it we're like
oh no she should be sad because he
doesn't want to be her boyfriend but
anyway and that's that's a real hero's
that way so yeah that's good too so tada
so um yeah I hope you guys like this
sorry it couldn't be a live stream I
really like doing the live streams
better but my Internet's just not
working
I hope you guys like it I love you leave
a comments let me know if you guys have
any other questions about the episode
and push the like button if you want me
to do this again for episode 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 and it cetera
I love you guys I'm gonna go to bed
because I'm on tour and I mean I need me
some sleep go back
