whatever you celebrate good morning just
phoned a couple Miranda videos which was
really fun actually I did have fun
filming my videos today I am just
hanging out in my hotel room this
morning kinda get work done if I'm being
honest with y'all my shoulder pain has
been horrendous since I got to New
Zealand like I've been in excruciating
pain every single day so part of the
reason my pain is so bad is because I've
been editing a lot which is for some
reason really painful for my arms so I'm
going to try to get as many videos
edited as possible today so just like
work through the pain cause a lot of
pain probably but try to get all of my
editing done for the entire time I'm
gonna be in New Zealand so that for the
next two weeks I don't have to edit that
way I can rest my arm and hopefully it
will get better
also Lee's gonna get me a sling today so
I stopped using my arm because I use it
even when it hurts cuz I'm an idiot
um but yeah that's the plan anyway um
today I have a show in Wellington and
I'm really excited about it I'm excited
to get back on stage so I'm gonna take
off this lipstick and do my makeup and
yep that's all I'll do what's up
everybody now I mean Dean okay so I am
late
story of my life I'm headed to the
theatre now I am late as per usual but I
am excited to get back on stage and fix
all the things that didn't work the
crazy thing about touring is like if I
try new jokes and they don't work on
stage in front of thousands of people
one it's really embarrassing but two I
like can't wait to you back on stage and
fix it and make it better or try to fix
it and see that it still doesn't work
and then it's embarrassing again I just
always want to be working and making the
show better and making everything that I
do better so I'm really excited to be
back on the stage tonight don't like
having time off it makes me stressed out
where this is the backstage of the
theater and I just edited a new version
of new hate-mail thing that I put in the
show didn't land very well a show so I
tried to re-edit it we'll see if it
works tonight
so here's Corey stationed all the
computers and brains and whatnot this is
the backstage area props it looks like
behind the curtain
the curtains and this is the theater
we're performing at tonight it's pretty
sweet theater it's freezing backstage so
I'm wearing my jacket but I'm wearing
this lovely number tonight that I need
to be eating more protein in my diet so
I've been drinking like protein shakes I
need tons more chicken and I'm totally
thinking hang up which is he's gonna be
so excited here but I don't know it
happened that fast like in literally a
week like I can see a difference like
you can see like my body's getting a
little thicker like my face is filling
out okay that's crazy to me that like
that fast I can gain weight but it's a
good thing it'll it means that like my
muscles are growing and my body's
growing which means hopefully my muscles
are getting stronger I hope because I'm
in so much pain so anyway I'm just
waiting to go onstage the meeting greet
was lovely it was so amazing oh and I
met Shar who's like a fan I have like
been talking to forever
and she's such a sweetheart and she
always draws amazing things for like the
the beginning of my vlogs you know how
it used to be a picture like a drawing
of me well she gave me this and it's
beautiful and I finally got to meet her
which is amazing so I love Tori to meet
the people that I've been like talking
to online forever so hey man I'm just
listening to some ariana grande warming
up my voice and then I'm gonna go on
stage and I hope the show goes well
good morning I forgot to close out the
vlog last night after the show but it
was so fun and audience was amazing and
the jokes lined it better than they did
the first time so I'm really happy about
that and I am still in Wellington in New
Zealand but we leave in a couple hours
to go to Brisbane Australia so we're
gonna try to enjoy Wellington a little
bit today before we have to leave I'm so
sad to leave New Zealand we have to go
to airport good bye hey guys we're now
in Brisbane Australia
Christopher Robin and good eye good eye
can i lee was sitting here but he just
went to go pee and possibly poop who
knows it's a mystery but we are all
struggling to stay awake because we went
through another time change so it's
literally the middle of the night in
America right now it is 11 p.m. in
Wellington New Zealand and it's only 8
p.m. here in Brisbane so we are very
tired you guys saw me getting that
portrait drawn of me it wasn't very good
and by it wasn't very good I mean it
looks nothing like me but I actually
kind of love it I left it on the play
that I'm so pissed because I loved it
and I wanted to keep it forever and I
totally left it on the plane I'm all
paths we're back in the room I'm gonna
sink an inch you guys but we got out who
know gonna be a good mom Chris has never
played uno with Lea before so I'm hoping
Lea gets really pissed so Chris I am
very angry I'm a gentle Claire you are
furious player I am nice human being
