whatever you celebrate good morning
everybody its Corey's birthday and we're
about to go get breakfast together
gonna get massages we're going to go to
an escape room we have tons plans so I'm
really excited for today
right now I'm late for breakfast so I
have got to go we went to breakfast at
this hipster place it was like fun I
went to go get a massage with Corey for
his birthday didn't work out too well
they my massage got cancelled and
Corey's massage was like super Jenks
maybe I'll tell you guys about that
later but now we're at a chocolate
places especially the beautiful
chocolate
I might get ice cream y'all okay guys
we're at this escape room where the
kinky queens for Corey's birthday so
we're gonna do I've never done an escape
room before and the key is so queen that
Corey's the only one who's ever done
we're gonna crush this are you so mad we
tip so much in America no I'm not mad a
timid I understand I understand the the
waitresses know I don't get paid a lot
but I'm a sociopath a hundred dollars
for a hairdresser you man a hundred
dollars for a party here man that's a
good wage see you don't think I should
get seven no I shouldn't think they see
I don't think they should get tempted
unless they are getting ripped off on
its way of a little bit of a weird you
know if they want more money charge more
money give me $40 straight up instead of
thirty main lease you know what do you
know where you stand
yeah tip fries yeah if I screw tip for
coffee tip for coffee and I understand
Olsson bartenders here you get paid like
you know basically they get paid in
their tip second stall or a drink cool
no problem at all that's fine thing is
right here's how avoid you just pay
people the right amount of money to
survive no I like a natural living we
are not knocked over but everybody just
gets paid the ability that just like eat
you know I'd pay their bills weird
little messed up in America we did
everyone and we don't US health care who
should be worryin if they work hard they
should be worrying about paying their
bills just because the bar is quieter on
a website instead of a Saturday
we took everyone and he gets like
furious that I like always want to tip
everyone because I'm American that's
what we do in America no it's a nice
thing to do that's not it's not about
like temperature because tipping is a
nice thing to do right yeah we should
that but it shouldn't be an automatic
response it should it should be because
because I'll tip anyone even if they
aren't good waiter I said I would still
tip them
it's your I will tip in the UK if the
guy was a visa where the girl is amazing
like if they are good at their job but I
think they deserve and then fine but it
needs to be exceptional I think it
shouldn't just be the default position
because that's a masterful system it's
me reward for how good you are in your
job you go they tempt me that makes me
feel good because actually I'm amazing
at what I do you know me
we made it to Wellington the escape room
was interesting I feel like I could talk
about that for a while I've never done
like a proper escape room before like
I've only ever done like escape rooms
before they were popular I feel like
escape rooms are really trendy now but I
did a couple when I was with Rachel on
tour years ago and it was like lots of
activities in different rooms and like
here is your puzzle you need to do this
to unlock this door here's your next
puzzle you need to do this to unlock the
gate here's the next puzzle you need to
do this before the ceiling closes down
on you like there were like specific
puzzles to solve to do specific things
this escape room was like you go in and
they're just kind of like okay go so you
know there's a puzzle in there but you
don't know what it is or where it is or
what it will do so like even if you
figure out a puzzle you don't know what
like if a puzzle left you with like
numbers you didn't know what the numbers
meant you didn't know if the numbers
were for a lock if they're for something
on a wall like so it's really confusing
I don't know if that's what all escape
rooms are like now but it literally was
like here's a little room go inside by
like and you just had no idea what
you're supposed to do or what puzzle
you're supposed to do or what was a
puzzle and what wasn't so it was really
weird it was not what I was expecting at
all so this my room was kind of odd get
in a little sitting room over here oh my
god this is actually terrifying this
little section was like a door with no
handle oh my god that's actually
terrifying what is this anyway Corey's
birthday was really fun I hope he had a
good time I hope you had a better time
than last year last year Donald Trump
was elected president on his birthday uh
and it was a rough date for us so this
year I hope it was better for him we
might go out and grab a drink or
something but I also might just stay in
and edit and do some work well see
