whatever you celebrate good morning
everybody I am working on my show I
bought into a whole of the internet last
night trying to find some new content
for the show and found all these insane
hate videos on me and was like dying
laughing so I'm trying to edit together
some of them to put them in the show
they're very funny but I'm eating
breakfast and for some reason my recent
obsession have session obsession has
been oatmeal like this is the most
boring like who gives a crap about this
but you guys don't know how good at meal
is in New Zealand it is so good anyway
so I'm just gonna work on that a little
bit and then I'm going to go to the
theatre and do sound check alright I'm
gonna get my oatmeal
what's up booze I'm in the green room of
the theatre and Auckland first show of
the tour I'm so excited and I'll show
you guys what I always have I've told
you this before but I'll show you
I have always have fruit and vegies
always because when I'm on tour
I don't eat very healthy and so the best
place to eat healthy is backstage cuz
they you get a writer and you get to
tell them whatever you want them to go
get for your dressing room and most
people get like alcohol and like crazy
stuff like that and Moises like fainting
that cheetah mask we're just waiting for
a soundtrack well do them in Crete and
the show and I'm excited I put some new
stuff in the show tonight so it always
makes me really nervous like to see how
new jokes land so see how that goes but
I'm excited to the first shell
what's up y'all so the main Creek went
really well it's really fun everyone was
so sweet I got tons and sweets five
minutes 95 I'm dressed now I got tons
and tons of sweets from you guys thank
you so much about tons of awesome
presents I went through and it was
amazing and now we're just getting ready
for the show in five minutes I go on
stage I'm very excited and then it's
gonna be Corey's birthday
what a show what a day would I get my
skittles water
I forgot my skittles water like they're
tearing everything down so it's just cut
off stage it's really scary to hear like
loud sounds of heavy metal everywhere
just kind of siege the audience was so
sweet I feel like it was like one of my
worst performances of my entire life
I was just all over the place I was
nervous because I tried a couple new
bits I was a mess but I did find
skittles water today which is insane and
I'm totally gonna try it for you guys
I've never even heard of I love being in
theaters I don't know why it just makes
me happy anyway um as you guys watch
this video it's Cory's birthday so go
wish him a happy birthday on every
social media now we're gonna go back to
the hotel we have Tim Tam slam I got
this trash thing for my shoulder it was
60 New Zealand dollars which is like 40
ish American dollars and it doesn't do
anything makes me look like a gladiator
that's what Lee says but I'm gonna try
this skittle water y'all it's like
skittle we can't figure out what it is
like if it's a water remote shoot just
fruits skittles looks a little milkshake
ease nothing oh just like if you crushed
up a Polly Pocket and drank it do you
taste it yeah it's pretty trash huh yeah
I would not recommend and I also don't
understand because it's like doesn't
taste like skittles and it's not that
sweet it just kind of tastes like poison
happy birthday to you
it's the next day we ended up just
playing games last night we didn't even
do timtam slams we all started falling
asleep at like 11:00 p.m. jet LAG's
destroying us but now it's the next day
and we're about to have fun on Cory's
birthday so make sure to watch tomorrow
