Merry Christmas
whatever you celebrate good morning
everybody
it is day two here in New Zealand and
Lee the leprechaun is here now which is
very exciting so I'm gonna go meet up
with him and Chris and Cory for
breakfast I stay up late last night
editing and then today I woke up early
because my body clock is all messed up
so I'm just exhausted in Iraq but today
we were gonna go to Hobbiton I've been
to before it's really cool the boys had
never been so they wanted to go but it's
like a two-hour drive and it's a
controller as a person or something
insane so they're kind of like let's not
do that so I think we might go ziplining
today instead which would be really fun
my jacket
tell them yet you put on perfume thing
and it was nice and then you realized
that it's not like old women yeah and
then you rubbed it all over yourself
minding my own business but all of a
sudden
kollene spots in perfume she thought it
was beautiful but she was wrong Vanessa
and she spread it here here and even
there that's all she did anyway we're
walking down the street and then all of
a sudden today the perfume hit ever nice
nose like a bomb of dust and so coin had
to get a new sweater just walked into a
couple shots and got a cute another and
now we're all better is exactly what I
said are we headed Christopher Robin
to do what
love the finding atomic favorites level
world Emma be thrilled secret love I'm
like an adrenaline junkie I was roller
coaster anything like this is like very
exciting to me I'm very very excited
look at the view
they are very very rocky and hey hold
them up
scarecrows are gonna meet a new person
he's coming towards us
so a theater how
Nathan Lane it's coming on tour with us
Yuri having named Nathan explains
Karissa he is dying because he's so
tired
his jetlag is crushing him there to Mars
so we're just enjoying dinner and then
I've got a fright that shows I'm
performing tomorrow night not right so I
just have to like fix it
see look at that steam and piece of meat
so what's up guys dinner was really good
the new guy on tour is lovely I love him
I can't refuse to meet him I'm so tired
this is 10:30 p.m. I'm trying to stay
awake I'm trying to work on my show for
tomorrow like editing new songs and
stuff I'm having a really hard time
staying awake but if I can just stay
awake for like another hour and get some
more work done that would be splendid so
I want to argue that thanks for watching
today I love you guys had so much fun
ziplining and I'm having so much fun
vlogging again I hope you guys are
enjoying watching everything and I'll
see you tomorrow
