hello everybody its chaos and I'm happy
about it
my family is here I'm in San Diego I'm
Joe hi
alrighty so we're about to do it Sunday
thank you so much I'm Trent is here and
we're celebrating trans birthdays today
so that's a present and I baked you a
cake
oh you mean I'm strawberry with
strawberries inside perfect all right
we're gonna do a soundcheck now let's do
it
look who it is Tyler Oakley was here
y'all thank you for making me look and
sound great y'all are the best oh I hope
they do the same for me
krysta program and I'm looking at your
butt got a good struct
I love coming to new theaters you don't
know what you're gonna get I'm sorry
before I do some fun you never know what
you're gonna get and today we got a very
shallow stage
cake with strawberries a side with
strawberry frosting or we have
gluten-free chocolate cupcakes with
gluten-free
- by the way it continues until it runs
out of battery maybe you have to cut a
wire have children like I just keep like
my heart is exploding I know little
Parker I just almost a little Frankie
little old friend eh why not
little Parker made a poster Oh panicked
he's making a poster it's a poster heart
I think it's a postcard oh by the way
Frankie's here oh hi everyone in a
minute I've seen y'all in today's Dave
literals just a couple of days
I'm doing this job for me you pansy hey
Parker you know what you should do is
you should your your accent okay you can
do an accent hello hello hello how are
you
okay you're good that's great you say
are you today
are you excited for the show yes yes you
she says I like doughnuts on Jojo see
what baby what you put in oh you want
one of them you won't want to March my
right now no we gotta wait till the show
can I have marshmallows for dinner
please auntie panties oh hello everybody
just finished the meet and greets it was
really fun I love meeting you guys that
makes me so AK so that was really lovely
and amazing yeah
and now I'm just gonna take out paint
this is a good angle for me huh um I'm
going to take off the lipstick take off
the everything and do another quick
sound check with Frankie because he was
not here during sound check so he didn't
get to check his mic and everything so I
need to quickly get ready and that's the
plan so yeah
mom show me that those really took your
merchants I know and I got personalized
notebook and funk stuff for Miranda and
clothes and I got my empty bags and I
left flowers and candy and cards thank
you so much for bringing me presents
those are so sweet ugh I can't wait to
do the show okay bye all righty it's
time to do the show are you ready yeah
we're sad I kind of feel like I'm gonna
have diarrhea
so hopefully that doesn't happen in the
middle of show luckily I've got a lot of
backup performers in case that happens
and I need to rush the stage yeah Oh is
there water on stage II am so thirsty
once up guys I forgot to finish blogging
yesterday after the show but did you
have fun yeah but the kids aren't here
they stopped I drove back home last
night after the show and Lu the bags and
managed so tired blast me um and today
the kids were driving back home from San
Diego thank you and they stopped and
they were like we didn't have lunch yet
no I was like I'm on it so we made
gluten-free fish sticks gluten-free baby
grilled cheeses which i think are so
cute and little tangerines how is it do
you like the fish sticks they're good
huh he said he didn't remember how fish
sticks tasted
but they're good right Oh oh my I'm so
that's that I'm not gonna guard today
but that's what we're home to the kids
when swimming obviously they're in their
bathing suits
and we they're gonna leave pretty soon
probably maybe not hopefully not and I'm
just gonna keep working so I'm not gonna
vlog today but love you guys thanks for
watching I'll see you next time
you
