whatever you celebrate what's up
everybody I can't believe I'm keeping
vlogmas up I'm like very impressed so
I'm going to New Zealand today I have my
pack I haven't done anything freaking
out my parents are coming over to watch
the cat while I'm gone they're gonna be
here soon I got a pack gotta get ready
to go and uh my cold is still a rage in
my throat is on fire my nose is very
stuffy so being on a plane for like 20
hours it's kind of really crazy day
today I was running around I had a
deadline for a few things that I sent it
check that I'm doing so I was trying to
do that as fast as I could and then I
literally packed 45 minutes before we
left at the airport so I'm sure if
they're not a million things I know if
we're not the Polaroid camera because I
always scrapbook
oh really good night's sleep tonight
luckily my cold is feeling better like
it's not crazy bad like my throat hurt a
little bit but I'm not as sniffily as I
was earlier so hopefully
Michael everybody during this fight I
really hope
we have this flight is like 15
I know okay it's only 12 in a half-hour
they gave us free headphones that
probably sound like fisher-price
headphones
don't knock fisher-price what if they
want to do a brand deal with me someday
mama needs money
girl I love a fisher-price mouvement
hashtag not a hashtag not sponsored by
hashtag please sponsor me anybody if
you're watching this please sponsor me I
haven't had a brand deal in like over a
year and mom was hurting because YouTube
is deep monetizing all of my videos
because it's true you update leaves your
video you're in my videos so they
deposit them be all right I'm gonna go
we made it to New Zealand so I have
funny story for you guys so when corn I
got to the airport we went to a lounge
like there's this because I fly so often
I have like a gold like class like
premier person do I get to go sit in a
lounge even though I don't fly business
I still get to go there because I'm gold
like I'm a gold member sometimes have
live business which is amazing but this
flight I did not so I'm there with all
the snooty people and this like fancy
fancy lounge before my flight takes off
and they had all this like free food and
free drinks so Corey and I both got
chocolate mousse and I took a bite of my
little individual cute chocolate mousse
and there was like a shard of like
plastic inside of my mousse is like oh
it's like spit it out it was so gross
and was like watch out Corey there was
plastic in my mousse it something cord
to good bite and there's a huge chunk of
plastic in his too like gross nasty well
it was like makes me gag even thinking
about it was truly really disgusting
yeah no we don't care but if there's
plastic in - yeah in puddings I mean it
that puddings then all of them probably
have busted right yeah so Corey told
them something Corey tweeted oh my gosh
that don't eat the chocolate mousse with
Air New Zealand and tagged them because
there's plastic in it cuz apparently
like they didn't like the guy who was
working there was like the chef didn't
want to throw it out because he thought
it was just in yours or something but a
bunch people kept complaining there was
good chunks of plastic and everyone's
mousse was so gross so anyway um we get
on the plane we're sitting in our seats
and a flight attendant comes up to me
and Corinne goes oh my gosh I'm I've
heard you guys have had a horrible
travel day and we were like what and
she's like
I'm so so so sorry is there anything I
can do to make your trip to New Zealand
better and we were like what are you
talking about she's like I heard you had
a horrible flight or something and I was
like oh no we just like ate some moose
and there was plastic in it and she's
like oh my god I'm so so sorry but I
guess like since Corey had tweeted about
it like the Air New Zealand contacted
our flight and was like make sure these
people are okay because we don't want
them tweeting anything bad about Air New
Zealand so I assume thats what happened
I don't actually know but I'm assuming
that's how that happened she's like oh
well I will do anything I can to make
your experience more pleasurable and if
you want to lay down if you want another
seat like there's a row in the back and
I was like maybe later then I start to
fall asleep like an hour into the flight
two hours in the flight and she tapped
my shoulder and she's like come on and
come to the back and I was like okay so
I come to the back of the plane and
there's a whole row of four chairs and
she's put all the armrests up she's laid
out a blanket and and then like a top
blanket and a pillow like made a bed for
me on the back row so I'm like oh my
gosh starts Reedman and like Coach by
the bathrooms and so I like lay down I'm
like all excited I'm like I get to lay
down and like have a good night's rest
this is incredible it's like being in
business class and first class except
the toilet was literally right by my
face so anytime anyone made her poop I
heard it all but I didn't so then right
when I lay down the entire row that was
sitting in front of my bed turns around
and looks at means like all these women
and they look I mean they're just like
what and they're so pissed and so they
start yelling at the flight attendant
like how come she gets to lay down what
is she is she sick or something she
better be sick like what happens she's
laid down and we don't we want to sit in
those seats and they were so much I just
like put the blanket over my head and I
was like oh my god I'm making so many
people mad but it's not like I went back
it was like I'm asleep on all this like
she woke me up and was like the flight
general woke me up I was like come with
me come to the back and she like made a
bed for me what am I going to do be like
no I'm not sleeping on that because it
might upset the people sitting in front
of me
so yeah the guys aren't freaking
and I was like oh no should I say
something should I like apologize to
these people so I like start having like
anxiety cuz I feel I felt so bad and I
it's like I couldn't sleep cuz I was
like should I sit up and tell them that
like I ate plastic in my mousse and
that's why I'm back here like I like
didn't know what to do it was so awkward
I got so uncomfortable and so anyway I
just put the blanket over my face and
listen to the sweet sounds of people
peeing and pooping and eventually fell
asleep and then I woke up and like got
myself together so fast and like ran
back up to my seat because I didn't they
like kept turning around looking at me
like huffing and puffing they were so
mad they were so mad and I felt bad cuz
like those the flight was long was 12
and a half hours and I'm like I don't
know I felt really bad but anyway I did
get a little bit of sleep which was nice
so if you ever want a first-class bed
bed bathroom just eat plastic in your
pudding and tell them you had plastic
any but wait that's not what we did it
no it's really plastic no we didn't we
did it because if they don't I don't
know and I feel bad because I don't want
to get my bad president I'm gonna tweet
them right now and be like thank you so
much for being accommodating but look
cuz they were really sweet really sort
of like and I've flown Air New Zealand
before and it's a great airline like not
dad I wish it was at this is okay like I
would here alive and message them or
anything they they literally just looked
at my tweet had to type in my name in
the computer see where I'm sitting has
them come back and talk to us like it
was really nice it yeah it was really
really nice so but the one thing that
kind of took though is that there's a
row of four seats so I was like oh Cory
and I can go lay down so Cory fell
asleep and I fell asleep when the woman
woke me up to go to the back I like rub
Cory's leg like I was like rubbing it
like sweetly I didn't want like jar him
but I was like rubbing his sleighing I
was like Cory Cory and he didn't wake up
so I was like okay I let him sleep but
then I went to my flight attendant who
gave me the bed and I said hey if he
wakes up can you please tell him to come
back here just like of course of course
it's in the end of the flight I was like
why don't you come back he said no one
told me I hope you slept well
so I've already had all the flight I had
this like fifty year old woman first it
started it was just a little head I was
like okay whatever her head is like she
needed to order us she has
husband right next to her that she
doesn't want to be up on but she was all
up on me and then all of a sudden it was
a leg yes booting Korie and I was like
ever to the point where I'm like I
cannot do this get you off and I like
pushed her legs off me and she's like
ooh I know this young D is not for free
so anyway that was my day today it was
kind of crazy but I'm mostly just
mention on the plane but now we're gonna
hang out we're gonna go hang out
Christopher Robin try to stay awake oh
that's the balloon today I'll see y'all
tomorrow
