oh um I woke up in the middle of the
night feeling sick and I was like oh
maybe it's just allergies or like my
throat was really hurting and I was like
maybe I just like slept with my mouth
open I was supposed to go to the
Children's Hospital of Los Angeles today
to visit with kids and I've done it
before and it was amazing and today I
was gonna go talk to talk to and hang
out with the kids who have cancer and I
woke up this morning and was like no
this is a cold like I definitely have a
cold and they're very intense about like
if you have a cold or if you've been
around anyone has a cold or if you think
you might have a cold do not come around
these kids because their immune systems
are low I am devastated I'm pretty
positive it's a cold my throat is on
fire my nose is like soup and super
stuffy and then it's super ready the
super stuffy I have a headache I keep
falling asleep which is not like me
normally when I wake up I'm up and this
morning I was like could not get out of
bed like I just kept passing out so I'm
really really bummed out because I
really wanted to go today but now we're
just gonna reschedule I'm still gonna go
we're just gonna reschedule for maybe
when I get back from Australia which
will be on my birthday which would be
awesome if I could go on my birthday I
love that yeah but I'm really bummed I
was really looking forward to it so that
sucks but gotta keep those kids healthy
we have exciting news today he finally
grew into a collar here's a little
diamond a collar and she hates it I'm
about to take a shower and go to go to
Bailey's birth I'm here with Rochelle I
love my sister and we are here at
outside Bailey's birthday party she's
turning 10 oh my god and so we're gonna
pop in here for a little bit and say hi
and we got a wrong girl because I'm
gonna New Zealand tomorrow so many girls
slumber party time hi mom mystery how
cute a christmas-themed birthday party
that's why I never even explained that's
why I'm wearing Christmas sweater and
there's a Christmas tree that's what she
chose you can watch her planning the
party and all that fun stuff on
Christmas Channel are you talking I know
I turn on the camera which means now
he's not gonna talk he's like eat camera
eats camera so we were having a
conversation about a million different
things and the second we start talking
about Duncan he started talking now he
just wants to eat my camera but we're
having a nice time out at the bonfire
while the children are watching movie
Jessica's here robbing up it's the best
help Christopher isn't his casual attire
we're all just hanging out dad went to
get Taco Bell because we classy oh you
know there's plenty of food there's
gruel roll
and pizza thought it was delicious
pizzas no they're all busy but but I was
late it's my fault I was late I was very
sick so I did eat some a salad it was
delicious
but my dad said I'm going to Taco Bell
and you think I'm going to turn that
down but I had to solid it was delish I
did not partake in the girl because I
feel like you only eat that number one
if you're in the cast of Oliver like
that's the only time you would eat that
try it plain it's oatmeal isn't it I
love oatmeal but I just don't want
oatmeal right now yeah if it's called
girl I'm gone what she wanted for her
birthday dinner and she's been talking
no what's the difference this one is a
medieval recipe and I love my family
there was a debate over whether cinnamon
should be on the table because cinnamon
wasn't authentically with evil reasons
reasons ruin and you could finish that's
it that actually is a little bit better
wow there's so much better what are you
looking for you're going to eat what do
you want gruel Joe get started in there
fairly new that Duncan was going to be
born six months before her birthday so
she has been talking about feeding him
his first solid food since before he was
born
now I don't have to tell you because she
just did
oh come on by now Duncan is having his
first bite of real food not just mommy
milk he's having real food right now
this is a very big deal and Bailey it
was her birthday wish that she got to
feed him his first solid food so she's
being him avocado right now maybe you
guys want to watch like up close and
personal and cute attack this you should
watch Christopher in Jessica's blog go
subscribe do not watch that you just do
like literally just about him you
watched me feed him right now no he'll
throw the camera yeah no but you fed him
right what do you think do you like it
yeah like thank you his face was like
but he kept eating
you're making a lap
happy birthday
hi everyone
so last night I did not close out the
vlog the party was really fun it was
good to see family and today I'm leaving
for New Zealand so I gotta go close out
this vlog I'll see you next time bassam
Islands see you next time goodbye
