whatever you celebrate
welcome to blackness the cat is trying
to eat the string my camera I am just
editing in bed I'm also probably gonna
try to get ready for New Zealand because
tomorrow I'm going to the Children's
Hospital of Los Angeles again and to
visit with some kids because I love -
last time I did it was so much fun also
tomorrow I'm going to Bailey's birthday
party so today is kind of my last day to
get ready for New Zealand and Australia
and to work on this project and to like
get everything ready so today is a crazy
hectic day for me know me a little
cuckoo but I'm bringing you along with
me because I'm vlogging every day now
thought your mom come what's up guys I
decided I'm gonna decorate for Christmas
tonight so I got a Christmas outfit for
Blais and a Christmas outfit for Gus a
Christmas outfit for Daisy this is too
big for Daisy
look that was my phone this is too big
for Daisy but she's gonna have to deal
with it anyway for those of you who have
just appeared on my channel yes I'm
wearing a saying I'm fine I just have
tendinitis and I'm trying to remind
myself not to use my arm so that's why I
put this link that I don't lose it all
right now I'm gonna find Christmas
colors goodbye I'm going through old
journals one has a couple entries that I
wanted to read to you guys that were
crazy to me
I was in Scotland when is this in 2014
so I had a show in a venue that was like
200 seats or 300 seats it was small but
I did like three nights in a row there
you know in Scotland I got a horrible
review from some snobby critic last
night I was really bummed out and sad
about it for most of the day but then I
went on stage tonight and all those
negative feelings went away obviously
I'm still sad that someone hated me in
my show but that's not why I'm here I
came to meet my friends my internet
friends I didn't come to impress the
snobby critic I walked onstage and saw
so many smiles so many people appreciate
that I came here to perform for them and
that means the world to me most of
humanity doesn't understand this
internet thing yet and I'm okay with
that it's an amazing community of
beautiful people who form real
relationships and are brave enough to
share their lives with each other I'm a
part of that and if some critic doesn't
understand that him I'm proud of this I
love my friends I love my fans I love my
job and I love my life I'm like
I remember reading that review and I
cried it was so mean one other one I
wanted to read okay I heard a spouse so
many things to write about this was
right after my episode of comedians in
cars getting coffee came out Jerry
Seinfeld so wow so many things to write
about so many thoughts and feelings I'm
flying to New York City tomorrow because
I'm going to be on The Tonight Show with
Jimmy Fallon what you know I wasn't
nervous at all until last night I was
just excited but last night I stupidly
decided to read the comments on my
episode of comedians in cars getting
coffee they were awful
I haven't read nasty comments in a long
time so it was pretty the experience
I'm also used to seeing uneducated
comments from like 12-year olds who hate
me it was hard reading hate from adults
I mean they hate me once I started
reading I couldn't stop I think I was
hoping I would see at least one good
comment from a new viewer my fans were
really sweet and supportive but everyone
else hated me quote this is the worst
episode you've ever done Jerry quote
she's completely annoying and untalented
quote I didn't laugh once quote 20
minutes of my life we'll never get back
I could keep going if I wanted to all
the comments are permanently scarred in
my brain I feel stupid
I feel untalented I'm a joke I'm a
disappointment Jerry went out on a limb
and tried to broaden my fan base and
help my career and I feel like a total
letdown and now I'm going to the Tonight
Show knowing that everyone will hate me
is terrifying YouTube is a safe place
for me I get occasional hate but it's
drowned out by the positive comments
this is a whole new awful world
I feel very low I'm going to try my
hardest to pick myself up and enjoy the
experience but right now I just feel
like I thought my journal entries were
only depressing from high school but
apparently not so much but then I did a
Tonight Show then things were looking
out it was crazy sitting in Jerry
Seinfeld's dressing room and hearing all
the amazing things he was saying to me
he really loves the character and he's
so kind I still just feel like a normal
girl who got lucky he's gonna realize it
soon and feel like he made a mistake
it's a strange feeling to be admired by
people you respect and feel like you
don't deserve it so weird
I felt so like unworthy of any praise or
anyone who said they liked me or you
know gave me any praise for my character
my job I like thought they were lying to
me for years it was only recently I
could feel like in the last year so that
I was like no like I work hard and I
like what I do and I feel
I'm good at what I do and I'm finally
learning to like be proud of myself and
and feel like it's okay if people tell
me that they like what I do and it's
okay people tell me that they don't like
what they do to like you said after a
while I guess but anyway it was very
interesting going through these old
journals I was reading some from when I
was like 12
um this one was just from a few years
ago but I've kept journals my whole life
like I still write in a journal every
time I travel so yeah anyway I've said
this a billion times before to you guys
but if you don't keep a journal because
you will love reading it later and
seeing how much you grew and have
changed and learned it's like it's
really it's really awesome so you can
learn a lot about yourself a few journal
and readable journals okay and by Dan
Rachel over we're gonna decorate for
Christmas I need a break from work so
we're gonna do that but or often have a
Christmas themed dinner you've got some
hot toddy mix look at these chocolate
bourbon pecan pie cupcakes cute
Christmas sprinkle look at this
Christmas pasta never gonna focus but
that's a Christmas tree look how
exciting I am guys we're gonna do pasta
which is red and I'm gonna do green
broccoli thought that those are the
kinds Buckley but a red and green for
Christmas bread that's not Christmas
color but it's bread so I have to have
it so excited Rachel come here I got
plays with Santa I love it Gus has one
and Daisy has one so they can all met oh
my god he is gonna be the best Santa
ever so John Tom Cory so I'm Rachel's
here we're all going to eat a Christmas
dinner and decorate the Christmas
I feel like I need to address this I
haven't addressed it yet in this video
every year I decorate for Christmas
really early and every year I get an
insane amount of common our people who
are furious I wrote a song about it a
couple years ago I definitely celebrate
Thanksgiving I have a huge Thanksgiving
dinner with my whole family Christmas
just makes me happy Rachel just took
picture me and I totally blinked but
Christmas just makes me happy so I don't
understand why it makes you so mad if I
did great my house to look like
Christmas in November I just don't
understand why it makes you mad you
don't have to do it to your house you
don't have to decorate your house so why
are you so mad that my house is
Christmassy I don't get it anyway we
always decorate really early in my
family and especially now that I travel
so much I'm never home so I feel like I
don't really get to experience most
people do because I'm not in my home to
enjoy it so I like that when I do come
home for my many many trips that is
decorated for Christmas it just makes me
happy so stop hating on me
you
thanks for watching today everyone I
love you I'm having fun vlogging again
it's hard for me to get back into doing
like the daily thing but I love it's my
favorite thing every year so I'm excited
to do it again
I have to work a little bit more tonight
it's like almost 11:00 it is 11:00 I do
some work and then tomorrow I wake up
and I go to the Children's Hospital of
Los Angeles to visit kids last time I
went to volunteer I just visited with
all different kinds of kid and tomorrow
visiting just the kids who have cancer
to get ready for my childhood cancer
fundraiser that I'm doing for my
birthday that I do every year but this
year I want to kick off my birthday
month by going and actually visiting
with kids who have cancer and talking
them and hanging out with them and
hearing their stories to get inspired
and to hopefully inspire you guys and
seeing what I can do to help them
because it's just very special to me and
important to me and a big reason why I
think I'm here is to be a voice for kids
so that's what I'm doing tomorrow and
then I'm going to Bailey's birthday
party and then I'm packing because the
next morning I leave for New Zealand oh
my god all right I love you guys and
