say Merry Christmas or whatever you
celebrate what's up guys so today I'm
talking quietly because I'm on a drain
and I'm embarrassed I feel are gonna
and see me talking to myself and think
I'm a crazy person I'm on a train to
Santa Barbara I like taking the train
because I can get work done so I'm
editing a random video right now
reacting to Kate but I'm headed to Santa
Barbara because I am leaving for New
Zealand in a couple of days and I
haven't been to Santa Barbara to see my
family
it's months like I think the last time I
was there was in July it's just the
longest I've ever gone in my adult life
I think from seeing Santa Barbara I've
just been so busy so I'm gonna go hang
out with my family just for the night
and then head back to LA so also the
Dodgers are in the World Series which
means nothing to me because I don't know
anything about sports but I'm wearing a
Dodgers sweatshirt and I'm supporting
because my dad and my sister are
obsessed so Parker I love you did you
have a good Halloween
what were you high on
why were you me oh you are I'll be you
next year and you be me okay
sound good okay I'm also here with
McKenzie or NT me all right am i getting
new hair and we're watching the Dodger
game going very well I think I'm a bad
luck charm
why because we're losing
we're losing pretty bad but pizza so I'm
in a great mood but everyone else here
is a little bit somber because the
doctors are not wedding so should we
make up a cheer for the Dodgers you want
to be a cheerleader with me I think we
should do it do and do it come on I'm
gonna teach you a song at a dance wait
wait family no please you poopy he's
like rub my tummy
did the Dodgers win oh we just found
some old books I used to want to be an
author when I was a really little girl
when I was like four or five years old
and I found log books so I'm gonna read
a bus with Parker and he's gonna try to
translate because I could not spell
Parker do you wanna help me okay so I
could not spell so like here's an
example the two girls who go to school
you're gonna be the interpreter okay one
day the two goals wait
- holy xxx miss days have doughnuts
gained in this course no clue salmon was
perfect
Safran was performed thank you
I like your hair your hair so curly to
the two crossed but freshmen men are
they did not pray within it you just
toot it no it wasn't me I do it mustn't
Mia but I felt it did you smell that I'm
home with Daisy and unfortunately the
Dodgers lost the World Series it was
really nice to see my dad and you know
my sister and my brothers and my mom and
everyone a teeny so I'm really happy
that I went we had a blast even though
the Dodgers lost time tomorrow I have a
lot of work to do before we leave for
New Zealand so I need to go to bed it's
midnight now I love you guys thanks for
watching and I guess I'm vlogging every
day now I'm its blog mess so you guys
are gonna get vlogs every day for me so
wish me luck
