see give me a charlatan with me luck
last day New York Coleen's being
transformed into Catwoman putting in
that Catwoman we've given those lashes
extended in those hairs maybe it's
Maybelline easy breezy oh maybe it's
Jasmine and having her touching her work
she gets really upset when I'm ready
touch my item but we're about to go onto
Facebook live event and then we have 15
minutes to switch me out of a cab and
into the poor thing
so C give me a challenge with me luck
yeah Coyne finished her live broadcast
and now she transformed into door
good morning everybody
oh she's rough she looks well the next
day I got home late last night and I was
super tired but I was like I have to
post a Halloween picture and I don't
have like a Halloween costume
even though I was a cat yesterday
morning and I was Dorothy yesterday
morning on Ryan Kelly I didn't take any
pictures of me in the costume that was
for Halloween I was like frog
I found a Patrick costume because I
almost was Patrick instead of a cat on
writing Kelly so I put on my Patrick
costume and John and Cory through and
constantly fast I took a picture that
was about to go to bed and then
Stockland tweeted me and was like wait
am I invited I was like yes come over so
it takes him told him come over and then
I made him dress up like Miranda Cory do
stuff like Bethany John dressed up like
a little Jim and we didn't have anyone
for Emily we thought about Turks and
Daisy up like Emily but we didn't have
glasses small glasses on pumpkins but it
was really fun and we hanged up we
hanged out tired we hung out for a
little bit and watch stranger things and
then I went to bed early and now I'm a
zombie
so that was my home Elena but I didn't
vlog any of it because I'm the worst
vlogger in the world and I was just
enjoying myself with an old human but
now I'm glum because I'm seeing all
these tweets and stuff online there
people are like okay should have been
active team we should be really funny so
maybe a florist Eric should come back
reenact scenes from the show as Miranda
and Patrick
funny for a video but anyway today um
the World Series the Dodgers are in the
World Series and I don't know anything
about sports but my sister and my dad
loved the Dodgers and so I might try to
loosen the Barbara I've been in months
and see my family and handle them and
watch the World Series because it's the
final game of the World Series
look at me knowing things about sports I
love y'all thanks for watching this
jumpy vlog from a little bit of a
mystery and today I'm gonna beat my face
