she was like your hair it's disgusting
increases anymore phrases chili cheese
fries lies and two fives you have any
other famous ones shut up ah use the
dress
right just finished Ryan and Kelly we're
in an elevator glamor life of glamour so
just finish it was really fun and now
we're gonna go to radio play builds it
Billy
Brazil back so we're getting ready to do
label like talk show thing which is me
and then I'm doing TRL as Miranda and
Vanity Fair as Miranda and Jasmine is
not having it it's a look it's always
about her I have to take her lashes off
Thursday because they want to glam me up
they was there like for Vanity Fair you
to be Miranda they like want me to good
night make sure to follow my social
media by the way there is killing it
they're crushing the game there's
all right we're at TRL and I'm back into
Miranda Jasmine cut my hair no she was
like your hair is disgusting can I prove
it
it is so gross it needs to be kind you
to cut it's like hair just dead dead I'm
about to go on and I'm really excited
because I haven't been interviewed as
Miranda in a long time and I feel like
people don't understand how awkward it
is you can't get any information on
ribosome should be pleasantly awkward
super extra been posting pictures in
this jacket is jacket insane I'm wearing
it tomorrow as a cat costume I'm gonna
be a cat tomorrow for the live show for
Ryan and Kelly or that's my plan I
didn't bring a jacket today so I had to
wear this and now I just look like the
most extra person in the world but it's
cold in New York so I need a jacket
anyway it's like 7 or 8 p.m. I just got
back I am so tired today it was so long
it was so much fun and the reason it was
fun was not because of the press I'm not
very good at press it was because of the
people I was with like Jasmine and Mark
or my makeup and hair people and Cory
obviously are just so amazing and Mark
is so funny my makeup guy and Jasmine so
funny and I'm just obsessed with them
like they're so sweet and they do a good
job on my hair and makeup yeah I'm gonna
go get a slice of pizza and do some
editing and try to go to bed early
because that's what about 5:00 tomorrow
love you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
