this is looks like y'all this is beauty
and grace you know a lot of youtubers
know they're on the internet all the
time so they're like oh god I get Botox
gotta get lip injections gotta have a
full face of makeup not me I'm coming at
you looking like this what's up guys I
have been consistently vlogging guests
since I got back from my European tour I
haven't really been vlogging and I
really want to it's just it's just so
much extra work to like edit every
single day a video because I'm already
posting four videos a week on my main
channel so then to add another seven
videos a week it's just a lot of work I
don't have an editor I'm gonna try to
vlog today but I'll talk to you guys
about something that I'm very stressed
about and upset about um so I'm going to
the doctor today again for my shoulder
so if you've been following me for a
long time you know that I have shoulder
issues I have a tear in my rotator cuff
and tendinitis um done my shoulder in my
back and I used to complain about it all
the time my vlogs I used to be in a
sling I used to do mean greets in a
sling cuz like I couldn't move my arm
because the pain was so bad I tried
everything like I've literally tried
everything to get it fixed the tear
isn't bad enough that I can get a
surgery so like the doctors say the tear
is small so we don't want to go in and
do a major surgery if the tear is that
small but the tear is causing tendinitis
Auld in my back at my shoulder and my
arm and all the stuff so so so I started
doing something called Prolotherapy
that's kind of new in medicine but it
was the only thing that worked for me so
everything else I've tried I've tried
physical therapy I've tried cortisone
shots I've tried being killers I've
tried going to tons of different kinds
of doctors I've tried tons different
types of physical therapy tried
everything and Prolotherapy is the only
thing that would work for me for the
first half of this year the pain started
to go away and I was so excited to
finally be like just totally back to
normal but then I went on tour to Europe
and I got a proletariat I got
Prolotherapy right before I went to
Europe and my doctor and I were both
like I think this is gonna be the last
time I get this like I'm so excited I'm
almost completely better and then I went
to Europe and now
it hurts so bad like every single day
and I try not to complain about it
because I feel like all I do is complain
about the pain in my arm and honestly
it's at a point where I'm used to it
like I don't remember what it's like
twink sorry this is so lame like there
are people with way worse problems than
me like this isn't even worth talking
about like it's so stupid um like my my
pain and this stupid little issue is
nothing compared to what most people
have to go through so I feel so freakin
lame and like weak to like cry about it
but I don't remember what it's like to
not have pain in my arm like I don't
remember what it's like to like play the
ukulele or edit videos or even like eat
a bowl of cereal without feeling aching
penas I know it's stupid like I feel
stupid but it's just annoying like I
feel like the tears are just frustration
not crying cuz I'm like oh I'm in so
much pain my life is so hard like it's
not that I'm just crying cuz I'm like
frustrated like I just don't I just want
it to be better and it's so annoying
there was this doctor in Canada that I
went to when I was living there that
said we did cat scans and ultrasounds
and all the stuff and they found the
tear and they said this will never get
better it won't let me get worse so
basically you're just gonna be in pain
until the tear gets so big that you have
to get a surgery so you just live in
pain until you can get a surgery and I
was like there's no way so I was really
excited that the pro therapy was working
because I was like hi I proved that
doctor wrong but now I feel like maybe
she wasn't wrong I don't know oh it's
nice scruciating pain like I'm not an
excruciating pain the pain on a scale of
1 to 10 is probably a 4 but the annoying
thing is is that it's 24/7 like there's
never a moment that it's not painful
except for when I take painkillers and
I'm scared of painkillers obviously I'm
scared of taking drugs and like I've
been taking them so that it alleviates
the pain so I can get work done but then
I don't want to just be taking
painkillers like however I want to fix
the problem and be better so I'm very
frustrated
and it's been like consuming my mind
lately
like I said I know that this is like
such small potatoes compared to most
people and their problems in the world
like most people have like I mean I'm so
lucky to have my health and my family
and everything that I have like I have
everything is wonderful and I'm you know
this isn't me saying like what was me my
life is so hard it's just saying like
I'm so frustrated and like I have to go
back to the doctor day and I didn't want
to I was like no I wanted the last time
I went to be the last time just been
three years three years of pain 24/7
like and sometimes the pain is worth it
not worse than others but there's never
a time where there's not pain and it's
just annoying like imagine having a
little bit of pain 20 I honestly would
rather have like excruciating pain for
like one hour and then be done like to
know that like oh there's gonna be a
time where I won't feel pain again would
be awesome but like the fact that it's
just all the time is so frustrating and
I don't talk about anymore my vlogs I
don't talk about my friends cuz it's
like I can hear myself being annoying
like it's all I complain about for like
years and so I've just stopped
complaining about it and now I'm just
like I don't know what to do
so anyway I know I'm being like a brat
right now like I'm just spending cuz I'm
frustrated I just need to get to help my
Jess I feel better now so thank you for
listening and I've read a lot of people
like messaging me like you guys and
telling me what you think it might be
trust me I've been to every doctor and I
know what it is it's a tear in my
rotator cuff
that is too small to operate on but just
big enough to cause tendinitis all up
and down my back and shoulder and arm
and it's just painful like all the time
and I really appreciate you guys like
Trinity oh that sounds similar to what I
have you know but that is what it is
like I've gotten cat scans and
ultrasounds and all stuff to look it up
and like doctors have told me multiple
times that's the problem and that's what
it is I'm hoping my doctor today has
like a more aggressive solution to just
fix this but I needed to talk about it
and I don't want to annoy my friends
anymore with it so I was like I'll just
I meant on the Internet
I'm glad I got that off my chest so no
she's need to say it and then you feel
better so now I've said it I feel better
and I'll talk to my doctor about it so
anyway today I'm gonna film around a
video and then go to the doctor and then
after doctor hopefully I won't be in too
much pain
and I can work on this new project I'm
working on I only have two days before I
go back to New York City and I'm on Ryan
and Kelly again twice I'm on Monday and
on Tuesday and then I fly back to LA and
I'm home for two days and then I fly to
New Zealand it's my life is a little
hectic right now I'm gonna try to vlog
but I apologize if my vlogs are like
really jumpy and scattered in Bahamas
alright love you bye
Hey okay I know it doesn't look like
it's been any time past because I'm in
the same room but it's now 5:00 p.m.
um I'm hanging out with Daisy doesn't
she gotten so big she's such a sweetie
her hair's growing back and she's better
with her separation anxiety
she and Gus get along really well
they're like best friends so she's fine
being not going out but anyway I wanted
to update you guys how I went to the
doctor and you have a plan I went in and
I was just like I'm sick of this like
what can we do like this needs to get
fixed faster I can't handle this anymore
and I started crying at the doctor just
a little bit but my doctor's amazing and
he like got a little teary-eyed too and
gave me a big hug he's like we're gonna
fix this so I got a little bit of shots
which you can see here so you can see
I'm right here and then here you got
some shots and up there we decided to
just do a little tiny bit of treatment
today and he's like okay the reason
you're not getting better is because
you're not resting so don't mind stuff
but basically like okay I can do this I
can put my thumb all the way on my hand
I'm very double-jointed like which means
I'm like a Gumby which is really bad for
like my muscles or my ligaments or I
don't really know I don't I'm not a
scientist I don't know but I guess that
means my body is like really stretchy
and Gumby and so my somehow that makes
it harder for me to like rip my muscles
to repair
that's why it's taking longer and also
I'm not resting he's like you literally
need to take six months of not using
your arm in order for it to repair but
if I'm putting medicine in it and then
you're using it and hurting it and
straining it like it's not gonna get
better you have to rest your arm so the
plan is he gave me these like new
vitamins and he told me that up the
protein in my diet to strengthen my
muscles and like all these new different
kind of vitamins that help grow collagen
and help grow ligaments in my body
because when he was shooting he did an
ultrasound and he was like shooting the
shots into my muscles he said they were
like mush
he said normally ligaments are like
ropes like they're really strong ropes
and mine is just like like it's just
total jello so if they just need to
strengthen have to do like I need to
start doing like light exercises
everyday to just kind of strengthen my
muscles I need to rest my arms so if I
am not like change my show as much as I
can so that I'm not using my arm I have
to try to learn that it with my left
hand
you guys might see me in vlogs and stuff
in a sling it's not because I need to be
in a sling it's just for me to remind
myself like don't use this arm he told
me a new way to sleep like we've really
just went all out trying to figure out
how to heal me faster and I'm gonna come
back in a month and I'm gonna get
something called PRP which is miserable
I've had it before it really sucks they
draw your blood and then they spin it
really fast and then they inject the
blood into the muscle or tendon that's
injured and I guess somehow that fixes
it but it's really painful I got it last
year and I hated it and I was like I'll
never do this again
I was like sobbing I hated it but he
said it'll work so I'm feeling good now
I got the tears out of my system this
morning and I benched you guys about it
and then I bent it to Corey and John
about it and she cried and like talked
to them and then I went to my doctor we
have a plan so I'm feeling really good
he also numbed the crap out of my arm so
I don't feel any pain right now I'm a
happy little being lucky at this little
munchkin but for now she's falling
asleep on me I'm gonna film some videos
that I'm going to eat a very protein
heavy dinner
and work on my project I really want to
see some three guys like teams like
season two's doing well like I feel like
everyday I'm seeing more and more people
on Twitter and Instagram and everything
they're like oh my god I just watched
your show I'd never heard of you I
really like it it'd be so cool to get a
season three but I haven't heard
anything from Netflix so you guys know
I'll keep you posted all righty guys I
just filmed a bunch of videos which is
good all right I beat the crap out of my
face because I've been crying from us
today you guys saw me crying earlier so
I just put on like so much makeup
I wish it would focus you guys could see
like I'm literally wearing so much
freaking makeup right now just to cover
up the fact that I looked a wreck for
most of the day um but anyway I'm going
to eat some dinner and then I'm gonna
try to get some editing done and I'm
gonna go to bed cuz it's been a long day
for me thanks for listening to me whine
and complain about my shoulder I'm
feeling much more positive and excited
and happy now to just make it better and
treat my body better and rest more often
and eat healthier and try to strengthen
my muscles so that I don't have to be in
pain anymore
because I am over it but thanks for
listening I love you guys and hopefully
I'll see you tomorrow if I can remember
to vlog all right good morning good
morning what's up y'all
look at me a vlogging two days in a row
oh my god guys I'm obviously dressing
Miranda I could not get any Miranda
videos filmed yesterday because the
Australia was a traumatic day for me but
I have these new like patches and I'm
wearing on my shoulder today so
hopefully that will help with the pain
and I'm gonna do a couple music videos
I'm trying to think of one other ideas
someone just said to do slime made out
of meat which is very much a Miranda
thing to do so I might do that look how
cute this little nugget is say hi to the
Internet she's getting so big you guys
she says we in her first going back in
licker tummy is like curly hair it's so
cute I'm about to blow your minds with
the cuteness hold on oh my god the
cutest how cute is this they're
literally best friends it's my favorite
thing in the whole world so I'm gonna
film summer in two videos and maybe make
a healthy lunch and then I have to put
on a fashion show for y'all
I love doing this like you guys try my
outfit you guys pick out my outfit thing
I have a bunch of press on Monday and
Tuesday in New York City I leave
tomorrow morning so you guys can pick
out some outfits again so Corey's out
getting some outfits for me which is
amazing he's my favorite human on the
planet and I'll try those on you guys
can tell me what you think that's my day
then packing for New York City I have a
lot to do today it's very busy day I
love Saturdays because I can get so much
work done because everyone else isn't
working so that means my emails aren't
happening I don't have any phone
meetings I don't anything like that it's
literally just me and my house working I
love Saturdays it's the best do you guys
want a fridge tour while I'm looking for
me to put in slime my fridge is always
just full of beverages this is my new
obsession root beer and a glass bottle I
don't know why but the past couple
months this has been like my go-to
obsession and so I have a lot of these
in the fridge and that's what I'm going
to have while I film my videos right now
oh my god do you guys hear my cat she is
so needy she has to be with me 24/7 are
you getting me here we go guys that's
what I just made you know being on
YouTube or being on social media is an
interesting thing because you have to
stay up with the trends and do what is
popular of course you get to mix it in
with like the stuff that you actually
like to do and the stuff that's like
creative and you know you know I get to
like utilize my talents and stuff and
like do comedy and like singing and
music and improv and whatever but I have
to be smart when I'm on social media and
do what's popular too and sometimes like
slime videos and the like tasting thing
videos I don't know sometimes it eats a
little bit of my soul when I do so just
now when I was doing the slime like me
one like I'm just being honest I guess
I'm just like being totally frank and
honest with you guys now my videos but
like I just like halfway through the
videos like this requires no talent this
requires no creativity like literally
just making slime and putting gunk in it
like I don't know
but luckily you know I'm on my own
business and this is my channel and I
can do whatever I want so I can also do
like the other stuff too that I think is
really fun so today I did a music video
that I think is good and and you know
just got to mix it in mix it all
together but anyway I'm gonna do my hair
and makeup and get to work on some other
stuff okay I'm trying on dresses because
I feel like I'm about to start a Lizzie
McGuire Movie here we go here's another
one I feel like this one's like
Christmas Corrie does not agree I'm
wearing a sports bra so my boobs look
weird don't judge me okay took out my
sports bra this is the next one I feel
like I'm about to play some tennis
Caitlyn Jenner watch out I think this
one's kind of cute it's like a nice
pretty green color I don't know it's
kind of boring well I'm an athletic lady
this one's my favorite so far it's cute
it's like a maroon like lacy thing this
one's cute I don't know about this one
it's like a green can you see it's like
this greenish couch material
here's none I like this one a lot it's
very flowy pretty but this bow on the
neck girl here I'm and I'm need to
change the lighting okay so here's the
other one that's a close contender I've
narrowed it down okay here's another
final contender with heels I don't know
I'm leaving at 9:00 in the morning so
you guys probably won't be able to pick
my outfit I'm just realizing I don't
know what to do it y'all
which one should I wear all right this
is an old one for anything but I bought
this a long time ago
and never wore it so I don't know this
is another option Wow okay so here's
another one I've had a long time but
haven't won for anything yet which is
this I think I like the pink one with
the choker the lace maroon and the green
no I'm gonna watch this footage back and
see what I like best on camera who came
over tonight hi I'm watching the game
with you meaning she watching the game
by myself well I work but you're only
here for like a minute so are you at
fuzzing I know I should have logged two
seconds ago I was just dressed like a
cat but now my feet are dressed like
cats so Gus actually freaked out when I
walked past him I've never worn these
around him really no so he thinks my
feet are animals and he was like
spazzing out pretty good I'm gonna work
and I'm gonna go to bed and in the
morning I'm flying to New York City and
I just dropped my charger and good night
that's coins I am in New York City it's
so weird
I'm was just here a couple days ago I'm
doing Jimmy Fallon so it's weird that
I'm already back but it was a really
long travel day
it's 11:15 p.m. I left my house at 9
a.m. this morning I hate traveling
because you like lose a whole day of
your life like it's so annoying but
there were delays and rain so anyway I'm
here so tomorrow I'm gonna be online and
Kelly Lyon and Kelly need sleep I'm
gonna be on Ryan Kelly tomorrow to kind
of promote that on Halloween I'm doing
their big like Facebook pre-show live
like I'm hosting their Facebook live
show before the show and then I'm gonna
be on the show on Halloween being
interviewed so I'm gonna be on the
Halloween show a lot but tomorrow I'm
doing Ryan and Kelly in the morning and
then I'm also gonna be on TRL and I'm
doing a couple other fun things tomorrow
for press so tomorrow's a really busy
day and I have to wake up at 5:30 and
it's 11:15 right now so I need to go to
bed but I just wanted to update you guys
on what's going on so I know this vlog
was like insanely long
not typical me but I wanted to catch up
so that I can start posting like what's
happening the day of you know what I
mean so I thought I'd just put all these
together for you so I hope you liked it
and I love you and I'll try to remember
to vlog as much as I can tomorrow all
right
