I'm a stressed bucket
good morning everybody I'm so tired I
were about to do some press and I don't
have English words because I'm too tired
I think we're doing variety first yes
maybe say and Us Weekly and Thrillist
and other fun things and then I fly home
tonight and I'm so excited to go home
and see my cats I'm such a mom now
because whenever I leave town all I want
to do is see my pets I'm like so excited
to go home to interviews and photo shoot
we only have three more left so I'm
gonna bust through it guy does my makeup
actually knows how to do eyebrows for I
don't so like I literally draw on
eyebrows he like actually makes it look
like I have eyebrows oh my compress so
good I mean pretend eyebrows they look
like real eyebrows and not a sticker
like how I draw them on
and I finally can take off these clothes
so we had five interviews and a
photoshoot like all this house we need
to be done I'm at the airport
it's been such a long day I'm so tired
but I'm finally the airport we're gonna
go home I'm excited to see my kitty cats
I'll try to vlog this week I am a stress
Bucky because Bucky I'm a stress bucket
because we go home for a couple days and
then go back to New York for a couple
days and go home for a couple days then
we go to New Zealand and Australia so
life's about to get a little bit crazy
yeah hope you guys I'll see you later
good bye
