please I was so nervous I don't remember
anything I said and I am excited I'm not
nervous which is crazy normally I'm like
super nervous but I'm getting better at
press my publicist is proud of me I face
because I'm doing better last year was
like I don't want to I think yeah we're
gonna play a little game and I'm teamed
up with Brian again so that'll be fun
and then you have a break until fellas
so
I just finished Ryan Kelly I put toilet
paper all over Ryan so that's fun who
last Mo's here I made Ryan soaking wet
and today a facilitator live room
but I'll be back next week on Halloween
so make sure to watch on Halloween and
right now we're trying to transform me
into Miranda so they can shoot something
with them and yes it's crazy that you go
through like so much glam for like two
seconds and then we just take it all off
but yeah I'm teaching it to Miranda now
I'm about to go on and do anything up so
I'm kind of nervous about really excited
thank you my other point I'm trying to
make me look not hideous today Oh
lice and chili cheese fries
you were beautiful that amazing it was
some fun Jimmy so nice I was so nervous
I don't remember anything I said I feel
like I was just like barfing words I
have no idea what I talked about but I
hope you guys watched it I hope you
liked it and please go watch it on
YouTube as well and comments be nice I'm
so grateful every time they let me come
it's so much fun now I can breathe I
don't feel nervous anymore I'm so tired
we went out to dinner me and my
publicist and Cory and it was really
nice to go out today I'm so tired but I
feel like I didn't really talk much
today to you guys so I was just so
stressed but look at my makeup it's
crazy but I love it
so I usually like get my hair and makeup
done by people and I just like kind of
redo it but um the hair and makeup
people that I have for this trip are so
sweet and I love them and they're so
cute like when I walked back from Jimmy
Fallon like from getting off stage they
were like clapping for me it was so cute
they're really sweet and they did a good
job this is my goody bag come Jimmy
Fallon I got a t-shirt and a mug and all
the bags and Jimmy was so nice I just
have to say like people always asked
like oh what's this celebrity like
what's this celebrity like when you meet
celebrities and I can say I've met Jimmy
Fallon three times now and every time he
is so sweet I know I felt like I was
really nervous I don't really remember
anything I said and I'm gonna watch the
show later tonight my friends Doug and
Alexis are gonna come over and watch
with me and Cory I'm gonna go to bed
because tomorrow morning I took up at
6:30 again because I press hold in
tomorrow
I had like Fallon head oh my god she hit
me in the face there oh my god like the
found Instagram that I was here and she
text me she's like her here I was like
please come watch with me I'm like
scared so they came over so we got
champagne and french fries for health
reasons why my je no you're like why
suddenly a scarf it's a great car you
guys ok I just started guys I'm nervous
I'm excited we're eating ice cream and
french fries and apple crisp apple
crumble family whatever you want Meegan
apple crumble but it just said my name
of the television
my boys about after wake up in five
minutes now it's real all right good
night guys
