what's up guys so a couple days ago I've
logged and I didn't edit it at all
and what kind of did I put some music
Emily I couldn't resist but as a little
bit but um I don't really have time to
do full-on vlogs right now so that's why
I did an unedited version of a vlog
thought I'd try to do it again today I'm
so stressed and today I'm having one of
those days where I'm just like I don't
feel motivated at all to do anything and
that's really hard when you have a lot
to do but you know when you just have
days where you're just like I don't want
to do anything I just like can't get
myself to do anything I can't get myself
to start working I can't get myself to
just do what I need to get done that's
really frustrating my opinion started
today which is annoying maybe that has
something to do with it
but I mostly think it's just because I'm
just burnt out I was posting out with
Trisha last night and I didn't because I
had to take most to the hospital corn
and I took him yesterday because we've
noticed he has like a limp I'll show you
a little bit
we'll see you walking around do you need
to go piddle let's go piddle come on
buddy I'll see you guys he kind of walks
around you doing really good it's me the
boy
Carrie tell you must be feeling better
he's doing better Betty who kind of tell
his a little bit of a win you see that
he just looks like it hurts to walk for
him he's alright just you know he's
doing okay and he's in a good home with
me and Cory but he does have a bone
issue he has a problem so basically this
is really rare like disease that some
dogs can get and it's when it only
happens at big dogs and it's really rare
but I guess his bones are growing too
fast and it's essentially like the
closest thing you can compare to is
growing pains so I can relate because I
had growing pains really bad when I was
little
some people get them some people don't I
got them really bad when I was young and
I would wake up to screaming and agony
and pain cuz my legs were growing faster
than my body could handle and it's
really painful so it's kind of like that
but I guess worse and his there's just
inflammation in his bones and so he has
medicine to help him with the pain but
there's not only anything we can do it
will go away and it and ago in a
microwave than other dogs and it only
comes in spurts
so like he'll get it for a couple weeks
then I'll go away and I'll be fine
they'll get it for a couple weeks and go
away so we don't really know how long
it'll last for him but we just know that
right now he's kind of just in a lot of
pain
so this is a good example of mousse
mousse just likes to sleep and follow
people around and just cuddle like
that's all he wants to do so that's what
I had to do last night
Cory and I took him to the hospital
together and we were there for a few
hours is kind of riddle I have a little
bit of footage from that I didn't want
to edit this but I will throw that clip
in here so we were playing with moose
and we've noticed he's very lethargic
and he just seems sad and like we think
he was abused and so um anyway today we
were playing with him and we threw a
ball and he went to catch it and just
started whimpering and he's been limping
and just it seems like it hurts for him
to walk so I was like we just got to
come in super I'm to the vet we'd
already taken to the vet and they said
he was totally fine but today we took
him to the hospital and they just did
x-rays and he has disease it's called
Penny austenite just Penniston liked us
I don't member it's called poor guy but
yeah but it is temporary and so he'll be
he'll be better like they said he'll
probably get better quickly like it'll
go away in a couple months some dogs
have until they're like 2 years old so
dogs have it for a couple months yeah on
and off for two years so some days he'll
be in pain some days he'll be fine but
I'm just so happy that we have him
because we have the means to take care
of him and make sure he's okay and loved
and cuddled and we'll make sure he's
okay and we're getting him all his
medicine now but so sad so not only it
was someone not treating him right but
he also has the diseases poor little
buddy but he's gonna be okay you already
know he's been abused a lot because he's
scared of everything and skittish and
just everyone scares him he thinks
everyone's gonna hurt him
but then on top of that and every by the
way everyone who's met him like the vet
the vet assistants everyone is like oh
my god he was abused like the second
they meet him so that makes me inquiry
really sad because he's the sweetest dog
and the like literally sweetest cuddly a
stop in the world talking about Moo see
Ferguson good dog went earlier because I
was trying to get him to come so I give
him a tree and he came and then I had
him sit and I was like good doggy
I pushed his butt down but I was trying
to show him and I gave him a tree and
then he flopped and just like collapsed
I was like dang it I think he's just
like he's hurting or something but how
frustrating was that because puppies are
really really hyper and so he wants to
play like you can tell he wants to play
he wants to chase balls he wants to play
with toys but he'd hurt so he can't so
then he just gets like huh I think it's
frustrated he falls asleep on you but
anyway I'm about to go film a video to
do my her cuz look at my hair right now
hot mess Express I'm gonna use the
graveyard girl products I'm so excited
cuz I love her so I'm gonna film that
and then I'm gonna try get some other
work done yeah
okay I just finished the video trying
out bunnies products and they're amazing
look I don't want to give away too much
because I want you guys to watch the
video whenever I do it but like I did
this to my hair in like 10 minutes like
and it looks different than how my hair
usually does when I do it like it gave
it like a cooler like beachy wave look I
don't know I'm like super impressed like
it was it's really good yeah I'm glad
I'm done my back now I can what are you
looking at what do you know what but now
I can get a little bit of other work
done that I need to do now that my
Harris did I feel good I felt clean I
feel fresh I'll feel ready to go what's
up guys so I did not vlog any more
yesterday because of this is my life um
I just got really busy with work and
everything so I did not blog anymore um
but it's a new day today it is Friday
and still just working on this thing but
I did get word that I think I'm gonna be
able to announce it next week I'm pretty
sure that's the plan
fingers crossed because I'm just dying
to just tell you guys about it but yeah
I just went hanging out at home no seas
doing good with his little bone issue
his bones are I'm sure he's so in pain
cuz he's like kind of whimpers and limps
but he's doing better and so doing a lot
better he went up the stairs today and
he played with a ball so he's getting
better huh buddy and getting better and
the vet said that he will improve faster
than most dogs do cuz he's so big so it
seems like this whatever he has goes
away when he stops growing and I think
he's almost done growing so because he's
huge so hopefully no guy will feel
better pretty soon but for now I mean I
don't want him to be in pain cuz that
makes me sad but I do love that he's
such a cuddle bug calm buddy you're a
cuddle bug
he's my cuddle buddy so I'm gonna go to
the store and get some gift wrapping
stuff cuz it's my brother Trent's
birthday on Valentine's Day and we're
celebrating in San Diego tomorrow cuz
tomorrow have a show in San Diego the
whole family's gonna go I am gonna try
to vlog that because that'll be an
adventure that'll be a lot of fun um but
I want to show you something how you
kind of felt loops I just shocked you
started he kind of follows me around and
I love it it's so cute here watch this
I'm us you can come I know me over here
okay what about over here come MOC
mmm-hmm what about over here Lucy nope
too far he's feeling really timid right
now I don't know why but usually go
follow me kind of everywhere but right
now for some reason he's like acting
really skittish and scared I don't know
if he's in pain right now or what his
problem is but yeah he's he's doing all
right but normally he just like follows
me everywhere and it's really really
cute and sweet okay
so into the store I got some stuff for
twins birthday and procrastinating a
little bit before I get back to work I'm
singing some to see that you call me so
I see you on your knees don't give up
what are you doing I don't have a lot of
oh my gosh I don't have a lot of battery
left so I don't know how long this is
gonna last cuz my camera might die but
I'm working on stuff and because I'm
working on this thing I have to do a lot
of like reminiscing from things in my
past and like so I've been doing a lot
of research on my past that sounds weird
but it's true and I was just watching an
old video from like five years ago four
years ago and I was trying to remember
this one time where I had this like
horrible experience like trying to get
to a location for tour and watching the
video in it like me five years ago it's
like oh my gosh I was in such a bad mood
just now but then I went on stage and
the audience was so warm and accepting
and loving and it just put me in such a
good mood and it doesn't matter what
kind of day I'm having
I just walk on stage and I'm so happy
and I was like oh my gosh that's like
literally still how I feel I feel like
recently in a vlog I said that and it's
so cool to see that like I've been doing
this for ten years and I've been touring
for eight and I still feel the same way
every time I walk onstage and every time
I'm like I was just done - we're in
Atlanta in Tampa and in Atlanta I was
having like kind of an off day and I was
just really nervous and I got off stage
and I cried I was talking to Frankie and
I was just crying I was like I'm so
happy like they just made me feel so
loved and welcome and I'm just so happy
I'd like I love being on stage my
favorite thing in the world I'm Frankie
just gave me a big hug like I'm so proud
of you and like I just love that I still
feel that way and I don't know my camera
died but I just wanted to say
I just wanted to say thank you for
coming to my shows because it's my
favorite thing in the world and thanks
for letting me have this career and I
know there's been comments I've seen
over the last few years or like oh
caline's change he's different personnel
and I do think that I've changed in some
ways like I think that I'm more
confident now because of you and because
of the internet I think that I'm more
insecure in ways because of the internet
I think that I'm more mature I think I'm
about our businesswoman map now but I
love that like some things never change
and the things that never change
are that I love my job like I love my
job and I know sometimes I'm like oh my
god I'm working so much but I never want
you guys to think it's complaining cuz
it's really not like I love what I do
and I'm so grateful that I get to do it
and it was so cool to watch old videos
of me saying like I love my job and you
make me so happy because it is so true
and I know this is corny but it's the
truth like touring is my favorite thing
the world and like I'm so excited to get
on stage tomorrow in San Diego like I
cannot wait I can't wait to get on stage
and perform for you guys cuz it makes me
so happy yeah I don't know I just
thought that was so cool I just wanted
to talk about it on here but if you guys
do want to come see me on tour I'm doing
a lot of tour dates this year someone
was I saw some tweets that were like oh
you just said you're not touring a lot
and that's why you can have a dog I am
touring a lot I'm just not touring how
like I'm not doing any like huge long
like oh I'm gone for three weeks and
then I'm gone for I'm home for a week
then I'm gone for the weeks and I'm home
for a week which is why we couldn't get
a dog but this year it's like I go for a
weekend or I go for three days or I go
for one day like that's kind of how my
story schedule is I might do a big long
tour in the summer just one so anyway I
am doing a lot of tour dates so check
out my website Miranda sings calm if you
want to see me on tour I'm doing Toronto
I'm doing a show in LA in Glendale
Colorado I'm going to New York City
that's almost sold out Kansas City
Missouri I'm doing a lot of fun shows
this year I'm trying to
Carmel in Northern California I think my
whole family's gonna go to that one so
if you want to see me on tour please
come to those shows like I can't wait to
meet you guys it's my favorite thing I
think that's where I want to end this
cuz um you know I've logged a little bit
yesterday and today and I'm not gonna
really edit this but I just love you
guys and thanks for just being awesome
and supporting me and you know YouTube's
kind of wonky lately and it's like
unless you're like tasing dead animals
and like setting your house on fire you
don't really get views anymore but I'm
grateful for those of you who stick with
me even though my content is boring
comparatively you know I'm not going to
set my house on fire I'm not going to
well like it's just not me and I can't
be anything but me so I'm just gonna
keep being me and if you watch me great
and if you don't that's okay too
and yeah I'm so grateful to have this
job and I'm so grateful to you guys have
supported me for so long
listen to my voice I'm so tired I sound
like their voice like an octave lower
than usual love you and I will see you
tomorrow I'm gonna log tomorrow because
I'm going to San Diego
you
