I think we're live let me know on
Twitter app it says I have zero viewers
right now so maybe I'm not yeah people
are just saying like I'm waiting um oh
yeah it's working
hey everybody so I wanted to do a live
stream because I haven't live streamed
since the show came out and I would just
like I feel like I've seen tons of
questions and stuff on Twitter and on my
Instagram and stuff about haters back
off season 2 so I thought it'd be fun to
do a little livestream like talk to you
guys plus I'm in New York right now and
I am freaking out I am so nervous
um I've already done it twice before so
you think I wouldn't be nervous
I'm definitely less nervous than I was
last year but I'm still nervous um
so tomorrow's like a crazy day cuz
tomorrow morning I go do Ryan and Kelly
live with Ryan and Kelly which I'm
nervous about
and so that's early in the morning and
then I doing like press stuff in between
and then I have to get ready to go on
Fallon and then I dream fountain so
tomorrow it was like crazy I'm nervous
I'm freaking out
and yeah so I thought it'd be fun to do
a live stream to kind of like calm me
down and just like hang out with you
guys and I'd say questions um wait
someone said I'm sad something went
wrong I was it not working um some
people say it is working and so I will
say it's not I think you're just tweeted
the link um people want a hashtag hmmm
this - hashtag haters back off season
two because I wanna answer questions
about season 2 so hashtag haters back
off season 2 um alright so if you guys
tweet me that hashtag or you in the
comments of this livestream answer I'm
so no wait people said it ended are you
saying did it end so many were saying
it's working and other people saying
it's not working I'm so good freaking
confused okay I'm so excited to talk
about these at a light you guys have no
idea I've been working on season 2 for a
year so the fact that I'm finally
allowed to like talk to you guys about
the show and tell you like all the
secrets it's up oh I'm really excited to
announce that okay if you were following
me last year you know that when the show
came out season 1 came out every Monday
I did Miranda Mondays which was a behind
the scenes look at different scenes and
I'm doing it again so I think there's
four videos that are behind the scenes
Miranda Monday so every Monday on my
psycho Sopranos channel there will be a
behind-the-scenes vlog of something from
season two and so the one that's going
up tomorrow is all about the spaghetti
oh bath so you guys will see us filming
that and like what went into that and
stuff so I'm really excited about those
those will come out every single Monday
so if you're not interested in
behind-the-scenes stuff on season 2 then
you have to watch those but I really
liked uploading those last year so I'm
excited I put them again um sorry what
was question molly DeFilippo said I love
you haters back off season 2 what was
your favorite episode I don't know I
always said my favorite episodes were 4
& 5 before the show came out but now the
show's out and I rewatched him I kind of
like 5 & 6
um but I don't know I I like I like them
all I really like episode 5 I think the
hospital seemed like the fashion show is
really funny like I really enjoyed
filming that and I loved the scene
between Ryan and Patrick at the end like
the barf and all that stuff so um I like
for I don't know I like them all Sarah
said have we found all the hidden
secrets in season 2 I don't think so
there's a lot of hidden secrets in
season 2 you have to look pretty careful
Cory is hidden in the show like five
times
rachel is hidden in the show twice
and one of the times you probably would
never even guess it's her um what else
there's a lot of like stuff from season
one like the fish easy sign this store
that Jim works at in season one is
hidden in season two what else has a
bunch of little stuff like the name of
our director from season one is on the
fired fire truck and season two there's
like tons of little stuff like that the
name on the SpaghettiOs soup can is the
name of my uncle um my cousin Amy and
Weston my aunt Cindy and my uncle Jim um
who he actually passed away earlier this
year and so we named the SpaghettiOs
after their family so they're Buckner's
SpaghettiOs or spaghetti bits so like
there's a lot of things like that the
matches that Jim lights the fire wick
you can't see that but on those are
Tim's mattress like everything that she
was named after someone in my family or
in my friends so there's tons of hidden
stuff in the show for just like the
superfans Julia said how many times did
you need a stunt double in season two
it's amazing that I think you Julia um I
need to do something they had a stunt
double on set for me pretty much every
day but I never want I like doing my own
stunts so um the only times we use the
stunt double were in episode 6 where the
like pole thing that I'm dangling on
which was me I was up on that thing for
like eight or nine hours a day but
wouldn't actually fell into the popcorn
that was the stunt double and the other
time we descend double was in Episode
four when we're at the hospital and like
I fall on my back onto the ground at the
hospital that was a stunt double and the
only other time used to stunt-double was
in episode 2 when I'm being hosed down
by the water hose and in a costume I did
all that like I did the stunts I was
like falling and scraping at my knees
but my knees were gouged open so like
gushing blood so I had to go get fixed
because we needed to finish shooting and
I couldn't have gosh in blood knees so
they went and as they're bandaging me up
because then we had to shoot the scene
inside the taco restaurant
between me and the manager so my niece
stopped bleeding so they went and like
with managing me up and like trying to
get it stopped leaving and then they
still need to finish the shot of when
like my back is to the fireman and the
hose starts to spray so they use the
stunt double for like my back um just
that like they could try to spend that
time they get big blood to stop gushing
out of my knees so those are the three
times that we used acceptable um Zoe
said will there be a season three I
don't know I'd hope so but I don't get
to make that decision
so we'll see I hope so
I don't know it depends on Netflix like
it depends on if they want to do a
season three if they think the show did
well if they think we'll just depends on
like a million things like I don't
really get that side of it like that's
I'm not involved in that part of it like
I just feel lucky I got a season two
like that is crazy I can't believe I
have two seasons in my show it's like
not real so I'm just grateful I even got
two seasons but if we did get a season
three it would be crazy because I don't
miss boil the end for anyone who hasn't
watched season two of haters back off
yet but if we had a season three I'd be
doing a lot more work because I'd be
playing more than one character so um I
don't want to give away like anything
but like I would be very busy acting
like I would there be entire scenes
where all of the dialogue was me but
different characters I probably just
gave away too much for anyone hasn't
seen it but like it'd be crazy
like I like I feel like last year I went
before when we got picked up for season
two I started riding season two even
though we didn't get picked up yet um
and so I like knew all the stuff I
wanted to happen and now I'm like if we
get picked up for season three I'm like
so overwhelmed at the thought of like
how we're even gonna do it like how
would we I don't know like I know it
would happen like I know in my head what
the storyline would be but I just cannot
imagine doing I don't know if you
raisi so I don't know we'll see but I
hope you get a season three it depends
on if like the show gets good ratings
and if enough people watch it and um
maybe Netflix wants to do it again you
know I don't know but like I said I'm
just trying to stay grateful for the two
seasons ash said how did you make
yourself cry so much so yes in season
two I'm pretty much crying like every
scene it feels like I remember at the
last week of shooting the director which
means like you cry every single day like
I feel like all you do on the show is
cry um there's only one scene where we
used fake tears all the rest the season
is real tears the ones who use fake
tears is when I'm crying in Episode five
and like Bethany's sitting on the bed
with me and Rand is like being like
first to lose my kidney and now this and
it's like she's just being a brat and
she's like you're gonna call me a
cripple Emily and like Miranda thing
just a brat and we had to shoot the
scene really fast
and it's not like a genuine cry moment
for Miranda like if Miranda has like a
real emotion and like she's actually
heartbroken or scared or sad like then I
can cry really easily but when it was
like a joke scene like that like a silly
scene I can't it's harder for me to cry
on command so they put this stuff like
this menthol spray in my eyes and it was
horrible like the most painful awful
feeling like literally blew this
stephannie miser like oh this will make
you cry and it did like it hurts like in
that scene you can see I can barely open
my eyes cuz my eyes were on fire and the
tears like my face is what like because
it just hurts so bad and they did it
once and I was like you are never doing
that to me and it hurts so bad I think
it's um close because this is under info
ain't cute and I feel like it's like
okay but how did I make myself cry um
every actors different with how they do
that stuff but for me like I had never
really acted that much before at least
for television I'd never acted really
much before the show so I didn't know
how I was going to do it but I feel like
once you just in
the moment you like think about what the
characters going through and kind of
that makes me cry but then also I relate
it to things in my life so like you know
in season one I remember when I did the
scene where's Emily writes the mean
comment about Miranda and I'm Brent was
crying in bed I remember like the first
couple times I thought I was like oh
your sister just wrote something mean
about you
she wrote a really horrible hate comment
about you and I cried but then once
you're doing scene for three hours you
get kind of Numb to the feelings so then
you start to think about other stuff so
then so now it's just like okay well how
can I relate this is something in my
life and I imagined my sister Rachel
writing horribly mean awful things about
how she hated me on the Internet and me
finding out about it and I was like I
cried so I kind of do that like I think
about the characters going through and
they related to something in my life and
so everything in season 2 I had
something I could relate it to like I
have been heartbroken like I have been
told like you're worthless and you're a
piece of crap like I didn't hold us up
and I have been like I've had my heart
shattered into a knife you know um you
know that's that kind of stuff has
happened everybody so when you kind of
like relive those moments and then
relate it to the character be surprised
where that was aborted Lala said he
never read my tweets what was the
hardest scene to film I love you so much
ehm the hardest sent down I mean home
they were all hard to film the spaghetti
oh bath was hard for me because the
SpaghettiOs were freezing cold so like
they had the SpaghettiOs and this and
the soot like sitting in a warehouse
when it was cold in Vancouver so it's
like 40 degrees outside and so they were
just sitting this metal warehouse
basically refrigerated and then they
dumped them on me so I was basically
sitting in like an ice bath it was
freezing so that seems really hard for
me to get through because I was like
shivering so much the other thing that
was really hard for me to do there were
two that was really hard for me
emotionally to get through and one was
the scene with the dad
and I don't give anything away but you
see me crying in that scene and those
that's genuine like I was very scared
and very sad and it's just hard to like
have someone you care about like scream
at you or like I don't know so and I
love the guy who is my dad Matt Besser
is awesome and so it was just weird to
have someone you care about in love like
don't you and then the same thing within
the float another character does that to
me help me give away any storylines but
there's another character that yells at
me and that was like jarring as well so
those were hard for me emotionally to do
but hardest like anything what was hard
to shoot I don't put that there are
other things that were like I don't know
hard physically to shoot the whole day
at the taco restaurant was hard because
that taco costume is uncomfortable and I
like really weighed down it's really
heavy and I couldn't sit down in it and
I couldn't pee in it could you think me
and that thing so he did that day I
loved it but like I didn't like the
thing my posse um Camila said funniest
scene to film anything with Uncle Jim if
Uncle Jim and I are and scenes together
and laughing the whole time like I don't
I can't keep a Shakey's ha ha
Natasha said are you Emily's handle in
episode 3 yes I am that's my those are
my hands episode 3 when she pulls out
the tape
Jules said what scene did you have to go
in and do the audio in the studio for a
lot of scene so she's talking about ADR
which is when you do the audio like you
do their lines again in a studio like
months later and hit to restate your
lines there are a lot of lines so like
an example would be when I leave the
taco restaurant and I come outside
intimate Homs and I go ooh laughs
hanging open hung clothes for me and I'm
talking like that whole scene is a TR an
entire scene none of it is from that day
all of it I poured it in its audio booth
way later you can kind of tell watch my
lips it doesn't match up perfectly what
else um the line where in the same
episode where I go I don't need to be
incognito when I'm putting on my jacket
that's a br I mean I could literally
there's a ton just tons that are ADR
like a lot of the shows video Alice said
which scene took the longest to film um
probably a scene at the end of episode 8
between me and the dad
20 me and Mike's dad that was really
hard to film and it took a long time
because it's just emotional and hard and
there are five characters in it to see
all the different characters and I think
it took us six or seven hours so that
one took a long time so imagine being
yelled at for six hours and this is hard
so that one took a long time and then
the one in episode 8 with Frankie like
on the stage because we had so many
extras that day that one I think took
six hours as well so those would
probably the longest Abby said who's the
grandpa guy he's so funny you were
talking about Mel and Mel is amazing so
the guy who plays the old man in Episode
one I adore him his name is Malik he's
in season one
he was in the anti episode so when we
were writing season 2 there like God
would be funny if I company found this
old man that he's like trying mate the
roadie and my god we should bring back
the old man from season 1 and his name
is Mel and he's amazing he's actually
like an incredible Shakespearean actor
he teaches Shakespearean in Vancouver
and I remember the day that he showed up
on set the guy who plays Owen in season
he was like you got to be nice she's
humble I'd change like everyone in the
theatre community like knows whom L is
like I guess he's really renowned like
incredible actor in Vancouver and so and
he's like amazing like he's so good um
and like so him he didn't have any lines
and Episode one I feel like he stole the
episode which is so funny
and anyway but I remember one day um the
day before we shot the scene in the
first episode with the bubble machine
out in the front yard he got to set and
I was like hey man how's it going and he
was like not too good um I got mugged
last night and I was like what like he
really got beat up in the streets in the
middle of the night and then showed up
at work at 6:00 a.m. the next day for me
I was like well thanks for still coming
in to work said no I wouldn't miss it
I'm a professional but like she
literally got feet down to the ground
like yup he's a legend and he's an
incredible actor and yeah excuse me I
love
Christopher said I totally saw you
almost break here so this is a picture
of me and Patrick and yeah I did almost
break there that was the first take so
we used the first take of that scene so
I was like laughing because it was
ridiculous he's like squishing my face
and like barfing and so I was almost
breaking him out the very first take you
did a bunch of takes after that but
after the first take we put barf all
over Patrick's face so he goes over in
the bars and comes back up under his
barf all over his face and then when
you're editing it I wasn't that is too
gross like there's already barf all over
me like we can't put barf on his face -
so like seem you only have one take no
barf on his face so now it's at a place
Alessia said where the hospital scene
shot at the same hospital in season 1
yes its office in hospital honest hood
loving the real-life experiences with
the poop story in episode 3 LM so much
that was a true story the poop story in
episode 3 actually happened to me and
when I told the story to the writers so
I have to put that in so um that
actually was the first pitch that we had
for the whole season so I wrote down all
of the I was down every like thing
that's ever happened and Miranda put it
on post-it notes put all of my wall and
then had the writers come over and also
hear the different things that have
happened to me in my career what can we
make episodes about because the shows
based on my real life um and so one of
the stories when my writers was like
what is pooping in a prop toilet and so
I told the story I actually did poop in
a props islet and um he was like we have
to put that in the show and then the
first pitch of the season so the writers
we all sit together and we pitch
different ideas and jokes and like see
what sticks and the first pitch of the
season in that planet was one of our
writers was like how about this marine
poops in the prop tight and Uncle Jim
finds out he goes okay
I'll poop on top of your poop so no one
will know you're under there and that
was the very first pitch the first line
that was pitched for the whole season
mild like oh my god season two is gonna
be so weird
Cynthia said how is the kissing game lol
the kissing game was so funny and I have
a behind-the-scenes video that that's
going to go up
in a couple weeks up to kissing being
seen and actually I got a fat lip doing
that and so did another after so you'll
see who it was when you watch that video
always said was there any seams to cut
out that you are sad to see go yes there
was a lot we cut a lot of students this
year and and wonder if I can even tell
you but um I guess I can sew in episode
1 that is not how this shows was to
start so how it does start
I don't spoil anything you can't seen it
go watch season 2 there's life on
Netflix but um how it currently starts
season 2 its picks up where we left off
season 1 so a year ago we left Miranda
and season two picks up exactly where we
left off but there's not how it was
originally in the script and even shot
this and even edited it like this and
then the last minute we're like let's
just pick up where we left off there is
a huge musical number
like with dancer isn't a big stage and
right isn't a sequin outfit and like
there's also choreography and rather
singing this people saw this beautiful
huge black shiny stage beautiful sparkly
curtains and like handsome men like
dancing and carrying right around who
shot this whole took all day to shoot
and so that's how it just starts and
then she gets bumped out of that and
realizes that was a dream I think that's
what she was going on in Reds head and
now we're at inside the house and
Miranda is like we're cursing this
musical number but like in a lame way in
the living room but you kind of saw how
it was going on in her head that's what
the big beautiful musical theater number
was and then she gets snapped out of
that and you realize that in the living
room with the host family and she's
performing for everyone was a memory
that she's having when she's looking at
the computer crying and so it was just
too confusing it was like it was like
really confusing it was like wait we're
having a musical number and now she's
dancing in the living room and now she's
crying at the computer it worked it just
I don't know it just it was like it was
good and it was cool but like the
episode was feeling long and it's just
yeah I just didn't work like it we just
liked it better it was like sad to cut
it because it's like a beautiful number
but we loved the choreographer and all
the dancers and everything we just felt
like the show just we just need to pick
up where we left off you didn't want
like anything before that people wanted
to know what device' though was we did
too like when we watched it really we
just want to get to like now what
happens next we didn't want to see the
other stuff so it was huge it was all
day to shoot it it was some Hitler
curses foreign costume things it was
massive
so that was kind of crazy but that
happens all the time like in TV and
movies like all the time people like
shoot these huge epic things and they
just no one ever sees them it's so crazy
so that happened and there's a lot of
stuff there's a lot of scenes that got
cut this season but that was the biggest
one that was like whoa
Bryn said how is myranda's down ray like
he's awesome that buster is really great
he's a really funny comedian a good
actor he's spooky cool and he said what
came out of your mouth during the bar
scene it's soup it was cream of mushroom
soup mix in it was brownies and cookies
fell like chunks I can't learn what else
if I think that's all they put in it it
was disgusting like it tasted
straight-up like vomit
so when to put it in your mouth and then
hold it there and wait till we set up
the cameras everything and then any wait
till the call action and then wait to
the moment since it's sitting in your
mouth for a long time and it to make it
look like you're not you don't have
anything your mouth it's really gross
I hated that Kiki freaky said who's your
favorite new character I really loved
manda like I do love Amanda and it's
crazy cuz like everyone's like know
who's Amanda like I don't want Miranda
like what
but I love her I love her character and
I love Cara the girl who plays Amanda is
a legend like she's this weirdest like I
just love her so much she was so
professional so sweet
so talented like such a good actress and
she I knew her from Moonrise Kingdom
which is my favorite West Anderson film
so if you guys is one my favorite movies
of all time if you guys haven't seen it
please go watch Moonrise Kingdom tonight
Keira is the lead girl in that movie and
so when we needed to cast Amanda she
popped to my head cuz she had auditioned
for us there before and so I was it oh
my god you should be Cara and so Cara
came and did it and like was just
amazing like she was just so good and
like what I loved about her is that
she's the type of actors who gives you
lots of different takes so like you
don't when you're in the editing room if
you want to take that's a little more
sad we have it you want to take that a
little more angry we have it like she
gives you every single takes to do
something a little bit different and um
and she's just so sweet like the
sweetest she's so happy to be there and
positive and helpful and just like oh I
love Cara I couldn't say more amazing
things about her and I think that's why
I like the character Amanda's so much
just cuz I love Cara so much um but I
also love that character because she
brings out a side of Miranda that you
haven't seen before like this jealous
like I just love the way Miranda talks
to Amanda like feeling like that whole
like way of talking I think it's really
fun
mark they said which character do you
think developed the most throughout
season 2 I think Patrick does um
everyone has like a crazy arc in season
2 like I think the characters really
crazy season 2 the character arcs for
that so Miranda learned a lot more you
can tell Miranda and season 2 has is
more emotional and more sensitive to
others and just like she's she's more
she's showing her emotions more and
she's a little bit nicer in season 2
than she was in season 1 and you know
the Bethenny and Jim thing has gone on
so you see different side of them and
poor Emily just her life is just
destroyed so that's super sad that I
think Patrick has the most development
because you see him like you see him
sacrifice things you see him the
lemmings and he's selfless and they see
him stand up for himself and then you
see him try to like you seemed do so
many things like I don't know I feel
like that character goes through the
most this season Amanda so did you come
up with a kissing game yes I did
that one was a hard one to sell because
it's just so absurd I just thought it'd
be so funny I was like well they're
dating I don't know way too much but if
to the characters are dating how can and
they're sneaking around like how can we
get away with this that kissing anything
I thought it'd be funny Gabby said how
did you come up with Angela non-budget
falling in love we knew about that
season one like when we started writing
season one we actually when you're
developing the season you're like oh and
Uncle Jim and Bek Canyon should bomb up
in season one we wanted that to happen
but then we shouldn't have enough room
in the season to make that happen
they're too many other things to do and
so when we got a season to really go
finally we can do this that me Jim thing
and so um we knew about that forever
though like we knew we wanted them to
it's better
um a lot of people asked about mini
Miranda and mini Patrick was it hard to
find a mini Miranda many Patrick it was
kind of hard like it was weird like um
the girl who played mini marina that
really loved her audition tape and she's
just so cute and so sweet it's just
really talented and and the reason I
liked her is because she was more subtle
than the other auditions I'd seen every
audition was amazing like I was so
impressed with all the auditions but
hers was subtle like everyone else is
like really whoo I a drink you know I'm
not doing the big facial expressions but
I knew the camel was gonna be like here
on their place so if you do huge facial
expressions in the cameras that close it
looks a little too cartoony so I was
like I wonder if we can find it's the
right way to go to find someone who's a
little more subtle and she was subtle
she was just like I need an animal any
time you know I should barely with her
face and I just thought she was cute and
little and just she kind of just got it
and so I really liked her and the little
boy he played Patrick just melted my
heart he's just so cute and so um he was
great yeah it was hard to cast I really
wanted like four and five-year-olds like
my dream was like to have little little
little kids but that was like literally
impossible fine but the kids we got were
just so talented and so sweet and ready
to do it and ready to just make it
happen so um they were awesome and then
they go played burn the imposter
imposter to enter into the fan
competition of like being on the show in
one
it's - how did you come up what inspired
you to come up with a fashion show in
the hospital that is from cookie
Clinton's out of school um well we only
have eight episodes each season and
there are so many storylines we wanted
to get across so when I first started
writing season two like we didn't know
how many episodes we're gonna get or if
you even get a season two
so I was writing for a lot of episodes
like I was like I'm just gonna write
this story I wanna write and we'll see
what happened - cool if we don't then at
least I got these ideas out of my head
and um and so one of the storylines was
getting merchandise Ryan need to get
merchandise and so originally that was a
whole storyline on its own and then
beckoning the hospital was a whole
storyline on its own but then once we
found out we had eight episodes I was
like okay get to condense all these
stories so we Miranda needed to sell
merch and make much and we knew that
mechanism in hospitals so someone was
like what if Uncle Jim decides to make
merch at the hospital and I called so
funny so then we started coming with
that idea and then we realized I think
at one point like oh but what about
Miranda's modeling talent like we
haven't talked about that yet and so
really oh then what if she does modeling
in hospital with the merch and that's
when her modeling career starts so I
don't know everything just kind of comes
about in the writers room you don't just
sit pitch ideas and so something happens
bolt my cookie Colleen said do you
remember the date you started writing
season two it was over a year ago
because I was writing season two before
we got season TV right after season one
aired so season one aired October 14th
last year and I think like two days
later I started writing season two and
pretty posted on my wall and coming up
with concepts and trying to figure out
what I wanted to do I haven't started
doing that for Season three yet I have
like major story plots that I would want
for a season three if you got it but I
don't want to get too excited I don't
like get my hopes up so I'm like kind of
being hesitant about it but like it
hasn't
of what I would do that game would be
really funny well Rachel mean xoxo what
was the first scene you shocked it was
the big musical number
didn't they measure or do I actually
Bethany and be in the hotel I'm looking
at her phone and firing the Bible museum
pamphlet that was the first thing
shocked and then right after that we
shot the big musical number that didn't
make it in Alex said how was his
shoulder after filming cuz girl you
create it was horrible there are some
days I went home and like wasn't so much
pain but it was better than last year so
last year I was like I sandwich over in
between tapes this year I don't think I
really need to do that maybe once or
twice you truly give anything that was
it stupid
Natalie said what was the scene where
the extra wasn't doing a good job so you
put replace them with Cory
we didn't replace them that I'm sure was
still there we just added Cory fine it
was the scene where Miranda is on the
top of the like pole in the grocery
store and I say three cars Shady's
figure she's for everybody and we
totaled all the extras like sharp crappy
groceries and like quickly to throw them
in their basket and um there was just
this one person who just wouldn't do it
she's just like looking at things and
slowly placing it it really when you
should do it faster faster better and
like she just went to its of course I
I'll do it and he just went and we put
bananas so he's in that scene Abby said
how long did it take to fill an entire
backed up with SpaghettiOs we'll you'll
see tomorrow because that's where the
video is coming out the behind the
scenes video on that but um it didn't
take long because it basically just had
these huge buckets that of spaghetti uh
noodles that they dumped it and then
they pour the sauce on top of that so it
didn't take too long they had nice huge
huge buckets full with the noodles so
like five minutes it really didn't take
long at all and so they put in a little
bit then I got in it and then they
poured on top least II figured it out
okay Lacey said is this Harvey Guillen
it is so on the background of the TV in
the hospital scene between the in
Patrick on the TV is a soap opera and in
that soap opera is Harvey and Rachel we
shot the soap opera in my apartment in
canva and I have the footage from it and
it is so funny and I cannot wait to
share with you guys but yes you're the
only person I've seen who figured that
out
Chloe's cookie was Uncle Jim actually
make it in a suitcase he was almost
completely naked
Martha said are you gonna join in on the
haters back off watching party this
Saturday I really want to I'm gonna try
to
who did come up with it ending the
ending of season 2 it was a
collaborative effort so the whole
writers team you come up with stuff by
ourselves so even if one writer says
like pitches a joke that's really funny
the reason they came up with that joke
is because another writer pitched an
idea that they thought was funny
which would inspire another writer
initiative that they thought was my
English can spread another writer until
one writer pitches something that
actually makes it a good script so
there's not really anything that like
one person came up with to completely by
themself like everything is inspired by
everyone pitching a bunch of different
stuff however so with the season two
ending even eating away is in case
anyone's watching if you haven't watched
season 2 I'm about to give away spoiler
okay so turn this off or mute it and
I'll go like this when I'm done talking
about spoilers eat it so basically I'm
being honest with you guys I did not
want to be on the show like as me like
not a chance I was so against it I was
so against it I was a no way I'm not
gonna be on this show it's a branch so
it's just Miranda Queen does not exist
I'm not gonna be on the show and then
the writers were like oh cool like if
there's twists I was like no way it's
not gonna happen and um
Netflix mentioned that it might be kind
of cool if I was on the show too and
also know like I did not want to it but
then we're like pitching the end of the
season and we're talking about hammer
and is gonna go to New York and all the
stuff and then like some ideas start to
clean up like what do people tell
Miranda you know the agent tells Miranda
like people think you're acting like
they think you're not real so you need
to you need to find someone who looks
like you and toxic to you a puddle block
so that kind of ideas start getting
pitched around but the idea of me being
on the show is like gone because I said
I didn't want to do it and then finally
I remember having this moment in the
Vermeil 16x
I'll be a good twist and so I was like
okay I'm gonna pitch something and I
don't want to do it
I don't like it I'm not gonna do it
right they just have an idea and so it
what is it my idea because the the
writers were all pitching on that
thought so it was really collaborative
like this almost together I remember
having this moment I was like I don't
like this I'm not gonna do it but what
if they're watching TV on the TV like
the reporter says like the person hi
mirandasings is clean Ballinger and
Miranda's like who is that like and so
um and so it's like someone had you know
found this girl and you don't know who
did it yet like we don't know who found
this girl and made her act like Miranda
or whatever but anyway um so I remember
the writers looking at me like did you
just pitch that you're gonna be on the
show and I was like I don't know maybe
and they were like we really like it and
I was like I think I like it too dang it
cuz I didn't want to be on the show I
like really I don't like acting as
myself like it makes me really
uncomfortable
and like if you guys saw the footage
from that scene all I have to do is go
hi and like just kind of smile that's
all I do and I couldn't do it I'm so
nervous like I just can't
when I'm Miranda I'm not nervous like I
can do anything but like as me I just I
don't like it so I was like I don't know
so it was a collaborative effort
everyone thought of it but um I did I
was the one who like ultimately was like
okay what if this happened but it was
everyone's idea like truly every joke
every episode every everything is like
the full if we didn't have every one of
our writers in the room
it wouldn't happen at all because
everyone pitches and everyone comes up
with ideas nothing I was though I was
the only one who's like I'm not doing it
I don't wanna be on the show oh yeah I'm
done sweater over
I don't know how you talk to say which
scene did you send this tweet and I said
I'm tweeting during a scene right now
rebel David April those April 27 so it's
a couple weeks ins to probably walk to
when was I ever putting the phone during
his Smith
I don't know I'm shocked I did that I
don't remember sorry Jonathan said you
told us there was a foreign stance at
once so that to you was I'm not gonna
filthy and you would never guess who it
was you would never guess not a chance
Julia said how weird was it for you to
kiss Patrick what about the beckoning on
the Jim it wasn't weird I feel like
season one it was more weird because if
you're also getting to know each other
but now we're all really good friends so
like I'd literally kissed every single
person in the cast this season and it's
like nothing like we're all like so
close that it was just like what our
like no one cared so it wasn't weird and
plus once you're in the scene like
you're not thinking about that you're
like thinking about it just like acting
and what you're going through that
moment
wait what did it say it says what we
should have seen at the end of season 8
yeah I said it's a guest starring
Frankie grande as himself and the new
wrote Colleen ballinger as oh did you
just put that in no cuz like didn't say
my name or something Camila said how did
Camila said how did your dad feel he
told him to be on the show he's excited
I just we needed someone to be in a coma
and we were gonna just like hire an
extra and I was like you know what like
my dad would love to be in the show and
someone had said to me and I don't know
if it was maybe was Christopher I don't
remember what someone said how funny if
every season you just always had your
dad in a scene where he has to lay on a
mattress his season one my dad is in the
mattress store laying on a mattress and
then in season two he's gonna come up
laying on a mattress so in every season
if we just find the place for my dad to
be lying down on that choice and so
that's kind of we just said it as a joke
and then I was like well actually be
kind of funny so I called my dad I was
like hey could you take a day off work
in five to Canada and he was like I'm
you kidding yes so he flew up and he
laid in that bed all they have really
cute pictures of Hamelin in the bed like
and also like he's so excited and um it
was really cool for me time my dad there
because so I'm trying to read other
questions but it was cool to have my
sorry I'm gonna go on I pulled out my
dad there that day because there was one
scene that he kind of got to watch me
kind of direct like we had directors for
every episode like I'm not the director
I'm gonna have incredible directors were
just amazing but the scene where the
camera like wraps around Patrick and
Miranda in hospital room and my dad's in
a coma I have seen
I've known hi one that seemed to look in
my head forever like I like knowing how
I want to get shot I saw it like the
cameras sweeping around us and wanting
slow-motion and I knew like it was like
a soap opera on TV and
music from the soap opera-like and the
talking cancer about the swells right at
the right moment and where and it just
looks beautiful to catch it because the
music from a corny soap opera like it's
like orchestrating like this moment and
it's a perfect moment and what we loved
was that Patrick had an opportunity with
Miranda that was so romantic like the
music and the lighting and everything
was perfect and he could have kissed her
and had his moment right then and there
with her it had been like the most
beautiful romantic thing they'd ever
experienced but he doesn't and the
moment he actually does decide to kiss
her is when she's disgusting and she's
just barf on herself and she's miserable
and like fluorescent lighting it's just
gross and pathetic and sad and that's
when he choose to kiss her in like this
gross pathetic scenario and to me that
was so beautiful because it like it's
such a nice like sorry to be such a
cornball about the show I'm very
passionate about it but um it's such a
beautiful like representation of life
like how you want things to be like the
movies and you want things to be like
how you seen on TV especially romance we
wanted to like this perfect love story
it's not always that way
like and it really shouldn't be like
life isn't like that life is real and
dirty and gross and scary and so the
fact that he kisses her in a moment
where she's at her worst shows how much
he really loves her like it doesn't
matter that she has barf all over her
and she looks disgusting and she's hi
and just a hot mess he loves her so much
like that's the moment that he ended up
making the most romantic moment like he
didn't do the most romantic perfect
scenario he didn't take advantage of
that he he did it when she was just so
disgusting when she thought no one could
love her she's just so gross that's when
he like shows that he loves her I don't
know I love that so anyway I've got on a
tangent but as excited my dad was there
that day the coma scene because um so we
get into that scene and the director in
our DP R and RIT really okay serious we
got a couple hours shoot the scene we're
just gonna shoot over the shoulder over
the shoulder and get out I was like oh
is there any way we could shoot it like
this
it really scared because I didn't like
step on anyone's toes or seemed
inappropriate but I just was like talk
to the directors like can we shoot it
this way I just have this idea to sweep
the cameras like running around and
sweeping around us when it goes into
slow motion and he was like well that'd
be really hard to light in the details
like there's maybe shadows cameraman on
you guys put lights through does it come
and just try please like this is like my
favorite scene in the whole season like
I really want to shot this way and so
they did change all the lighting and
lighting of the room and let me do it
the way that I hadn't had which was so
cool and like that does not happen like
I was very lucky to have directors and a
crew that were willing to like work with
me unlike my vision for the show but
that scene I'm really proud of because I
fought for like that scene we shot that
certain way with the sweeping cameras
and the soap opera going on in the scene
got hacked there's this one shot that I
love right when Patrick comes in it took
one shot for a super long time with the
camera follows him and you see me enter
and it was behind my back Falls Patrick
and it turns around him watch his head
and grab that Panda comes over he puts
on my head and he goes in slow motion
it's all one shot and I'm just super
proud of that job I was like really
excited about it and like I got to help
direct it which was really cool too and
they've done anything like that for um
I'm really grateful for our director for
that so student achievement cuz he let
me kind of help direct and he was just
really collaborative which was really
cool and he taught me a lot and um but
anyway very long story but my dad was
there for that and so my dad got to kind
of see me create the look and the feel
and the lights and the camera moves for
that scene and so he was it that was so
cool to get to watch you work and there
was me talk like that or do anything
like that before so that was cool for me
to have my dad be there
sorry I'm so chatty this seems so boring
to anyone who's not like super
passionate about haters back off but
kind of such fazer Ali said favorite
ride at Miranda world my favorite ride
at red world and do come dance for this
is the bouncy castle because it's just
um
actress with a box and the box is cut
like a castle and you're supposed to
stand in the boxes like this day on top
of that well top of the mattress can
jump inside of the box and when I got to
set they had like made this huge because
in the script it says bouncy castle
which is a mattress with a cardboard box
around it a cargo box on it and so we
got to set and they had made this huge
freaking castle out of cardboard that
surrounded the whole mattress and I was
a loser you know this isn't what I
wanted I wanted a little box and one of
my show writers like came at me Gigi I
love her she's like we want to know
this is Vance Castle knows like no it's
supposed to just be a box on top of the
mattress and she goes wait you want just
a tiny cardboard box on top of the
mattress that people just jump inside up
I was like yes if she left summer she's
like you are insane like how did you
think of that so there's the stupidest
thing I've ever heard of I love it and
so they had but that's my favorite one I
think that was really funny yeah Rebecca
said at my underworld I saw you make the
roller coaster you and Kristen as kids
at disputer yes there's a lot of things
from this season that are based on my
real life so the Miranda wall was based
on the theme parks I used to make with
my brothers in the front yard of my
right in my front yard in the like
little slide that one on this looking
slide with the speeder roller coaster is
something that I did my brothers and in
the script the same thing happened to
Miranda that happened in real life which
is I went down the slide and my full
Cobb thank you the full-on scooter and I
got really hurt and that wasn't a script
and a stunt double was there that day to
do that's done and he just ran out of
time so it's like how about I just like
slide on it awkwardly and the other
thing that Dexter just enough time to
shoot the Sun um but maybe out in this
little livestream with telling you guys
all the things that were inspired by my
real life because there's a lot of those
this season
oh my bus had just tweeted much luck to
my TV family breakup season two enough
it's no sweet I know the guy was my dad
is like not the nicest guy on hears back
off but he's a genius and know life's
like he's a genius Mannion and she is
actor and like I love him so playing
guys know he is awesome and like amazing
and even though if he say they cannot
like a ball on the show he's not
supposed to be like his character is
supposed to but just know in real life
he's awesome um Michael asked me how it
was have Joey on set it was amazing Joey
it's just the sweetest and I'm Joey's
like one of the first people I collabed
with and Joey is someone I've clogged
with more than anybody else on YouTube
as Miranda and he's her first boyfriend
he was like you know Joey's been a part
of my life for so long so I knew I
wanted Joey in this season so I wouldn't
have more youtubers on the show but like
it's really like because of like since
we shoot in Canada there's all these
rules of like how many American actors
you can have very boring legal stuff but
basically we can't have a bunch of
American actors in the show we can only
have a few and so we had to be very
careful with like who we picked I knew I
wanted Joey so I was really excited when
Joey said he would do it it means so so
so happy um and he was so good he was
improving and like so talented it's so
freakin funny like the whole crew was
like Joey Graceffa is a legend so
talented he's so quick he did such a
good job like I wish you could put all
of his takes in because he was crushing
it like there's he did so much improv
like literally his whole scene with me
he improvised like him being like thanks
to chief Araya like that I thought was
so funny he just he was so good like he
was so good and who's so sweet to come
all the way to Vancouver to shoot one
scene like I just love him
Brittany said have you any thoughts
about Patrick's parents yes actually
Patrick's parents were originally in
this season the first episode I started
to write a certain right
last year in Vancouver when we are
editing season 1 I kept noticing how
Brandon Patrick had matching shoes and I
was like there's I know there's a good
story behind this and I came up with the
idea of Miranda's Crocs and I wanted to
get myrrh and across this season and so
I was a catchment tell the story of the
Crocs but using the white tennis shoes
and I started writing the flashback
scenes with Maria and Patrick last year
and I called the writer is Nelson okay I
had this idea if Guiness isn't to what
do you think about this idea of like
flashbacks of young ketchup and young
Miranda and the writers all loved it and
so we all kind of started thinking about
a spouse at first up that was a first
episode I started writing and I wrote it
over a year ago I didn't write the whole
thing it's like way different than how
it was a year ago
it was just like I came up with ideas
and took the other writers but in in the
original version of it
Patrick's mom was in it and I ended up
cutting that because episodes just got
too long with like all the Joey Graceffa
stuff and everything else and all the
shoes stuff didn't take place in front
of the house it took place in the shoe
store and there's a good bigger
storyline to shoes but that had to
change all the episodes changed so much
from start to finish
Elena said how did you come up with this
mess where the hospital outfits is like
tags all the hospital fashions your
outfits every single piece of the
outfits is Hospital attire there's
nothing else like no real clothes all
hospital gowns Hospital neck braces gas
masks sanitary pads face masks like
everything and Cory and I made most of
those costumes while we were writing so
I'm a psychopath and I like to be
involved in every single decision on the
show because I'm a psychopath and I'm a
control freak and so when we wanted to
make the hospital gowns a customer who
was amazing I would love their customer
she was making beautiful costumes and I
was like is there any way that I can
just make these because I feel like if I
make them then they look like Miranda
made them because she said yeah we can
take a stab at it so we were rewriting
episodes on the weekends
and Perry and Gigi for me to like head
writers and showrunners we're the only
two producers who were up there the
whole time last season we had like all
the producers up in Canada the entire
time this season it was just the three
of us say the whole time other producers
would like come up and dad for a couple
days so on the weekends the three of us
would be writing and rewriting episodes
together and one weekend we were
rewriting episodes and I while we were
rewriting Cory's like pinning gowns and
like making their tabs out of surgical
gloves and cardboard and it was really
fun but that outfit with the sanitary
pads my customer once again for all my
costumes that I had made she said can I
take a stab at one and she made the
girls just want to have fun dress and
she crushed it like it's one of my
favorite costumes I've ever had um she
did such a good job on it like a Tad's
her it was so funny
um Oh Queen Slammy said what seamless
gus-gus in so the beginning of episode 5
I'm filming my garage so I'm like this
is my garage that's based on an actual
video that exists online culture of my
garage and it's an exact replica of that
video and in that video a cat runs in
and runs out and I go like hum and like
just look at the camera cause like
there's a random stray cat running
around in the garage so my cat was on
set with me every day he came to set
with me um guess he had his own little
kitty room and so that day we had five
minutes to shoot that whole video and we
shot all of it until in the gus-gus part
and there were like do you want to try
to put Gus in I was like I don't think
we have time and if he runs away like
I'd rather just get his shots we need
and so but he was gonna be in that scene
so funny okay so Martha said do you
prefer season to season one before
season 2 came out I probably would have
said season one I prefer just because it
was closer to my heart and like it was
the first time I'd ever done anything
like that and but now it's season she's
out and I'm seeing everyone's responses
and like I rewatched season
- on the TV like fully done like I think
like season 2 better now I don't know I
love them both they're very different
the season 2 just more happens like it's
just it's a lot more focused on the
characters about relationships
coins cookies said was Rachel in any
episodes this season yeah she was in
episode 3 in the audience with my best
friend's Christina and Heather and if
you find them screenshot it and tweet it
to them in title fee's Rachel's in a lot
of episodes because she's in a lot of
thumbnails like if you screenshot every
time it's on the computer there's screen
names and thumbnails that are like my
family so I put all those little secret
nuggets in there for you and what else
she's she did it a sigh for Karen shoot
oh like that one of the characteristics
her boys making that sound
in what up so it's but I want to see if
you guys figure that out on the office
Lunsford about yet
um Emily said because the whole show is
based off of your real life what is one
thing in season two that isn't based off
of your like here's a lot um I know I'll
get into that come on if I'm gonna end
talking about that yeah okay so Olivia
found one she said Rachel rich Ella
loves blaze is a screaming rechannel of
splits cuz I call Rachel Rotella some
time and she had just gotten plays so I
made one of the screenings for cello
explodes
you said if you get a season three are
you planning on still doing some New
York shows yeah I would love to go back
to Europe regardless if you get a season
three or not but if we don't get a
season three um that's okay like I would
obviously be bummed because I don't love
a season 3 like that'd be amazing and
I'd love to see where I can take the
storyline of like me and Miranda and
Emily I feel like we can develop Emily a
lot more in season 3 and Jim and Bethany
and like putting the characters in and
much many more youtubers who didn't come
to play but if we don't get a season 3 I
already have a lot of like really fun
ideas for other projects and there's a
movie I mean dying to write and so if we
don't get a season 3 I'd be able to
write that movie and it's not a Miranda
movie so it'd be really scary for me
it'd be a big departure from anything
I've ever done but um yeah so I don't
know I I don't know I think the season 3
would be amazing but I'm like and I
think either way it'll be awesome like
if I get a season 3 I will probably be a
soggy mess because he gets three seasons
of non show like that is unheard of I'm
so grateful first two seasons like I
came a little bit but if you don't get
season 3 I'll be so grateful for the
choices and I dig in it and I'll be
excited to start a new project so see
what happens I'm having so much fun
reading all these questions and I've had
to pee for a half an hour like desperate
to pee but I don't want to stop in two
minutes
Nicole said any special memory at set
with the cast you'll never forget
so many there's so many I can only do
one in particular there we're not scenes
with the whole cast that's really
supportive of each other so like
the final scene that's really dark and
sad broadcast is in second Patrick
but when Emily and Bethany pull my hand
out of the closet that scene was really
special to me just because like you know
we've all been in that situation where
you're crying and sad and feel alone and
I've had a lot of those moments and to
have someone to be able to write in like
that there are people there to protect
you in those moments it was really cool
so like to be sad and devastated and
like bawling and then to be able to be a
writer and be like but you're not gonna
be alone in that situation where it's
like in real life I've been alone and
crying and sad to be able to write like
but there are people there to protect
Miranda and hold her in that moment so
that was special and Bethenny Angela was
really sweet in that moment it was like
rubbing my back and being like they're
doing so great because they know how
hard it is like make yourself sob like
all day long so Angelo's really like a
mom during that day and like just was
really like you know you know sweet
comforting um but special memories stuff
I don't know it was all just fun like I
can't think of anything in particular
there's a million wonderful memories
from this season there's a lot of
moments where I would just cry because I
was just in awe that it was being
happening at all it's all very surreal
so it's really boring
I'm sorry guys and just trying to occupy
myself because I'm so nervous cuz I mean
beyond to me Tom non-transparent just
instead of why isn't random farting in
the show that's a great question
Miranda burped a lot this season last
season one everyone was like how come
rounded in at Burke and some season two
we put a lot of burps in so I guess if
we get us in three Randal be farting
but there was one director in particular
Ben he did five episodes five and six
and he was like I want you burping Burke
can you burp every scene I do seem that
you burp in the scene okay so that and
you'll see in episode five like I broke
like 16 times because that director just
loved when I burped
Alice said how is it not having
Christopher there well Christopher came
for some of it like Christopher had a
baby while we were shooting season two
so it literally wasn't possible for him
to be up there he really wanted to be it
was really hard for him to not get there
but it was it wasn't really hard for me
to not have it up because season 1 he's
there every single day he's like the
other half of my brain he's a genius
he's a super talented writer and
producer like super talented
um and so to not have him there this
season was really hard for me but it
made me step up my game because I
couldn't rely on him to get the notes
that I would have so a lot of times
since I'm an actor on set I didn't want
to like eat his respectful but if I had
a note for another actor or a note for
the scene that I wanted to shot
differently I go to my brother like hey
I want this in cha like this or hey this
character needs to see this line like
this or like whatever and he would cuz
he's an executive producer
he'd go talk to director and he would
try to make that happen but a lot of
times we just had the same thought so I
wouldn't need to tone that this season
he wasn't there so I had to just say it
myself
I do get things done myself I had to
object think to myself so it gave me a
lot more confidence the fact that he was
in there it forced me to go out of my
comfort zone and try things I'd never
tried before and he got more so I feel
like I became more of like an
independent businesswoman in this season
since he wasn't there a lot but he did
try to come up a few times and it was
amazing every time he came it's very
helpful um especially as a writer I mean
he's an incredible producer too but my
brother is a genius writer and a very
good comedian so like having him up
there when you need to because sometimes
we rewrite scenes on the spot and that
happens a lot and um and to have him
there is really helpful in those moments
but yeah
Carey said what was like I'm Lachlan on
set Lachlan flavorants agent he's on
Riverdale and he's a Dalek he's a
sweetheart he knows everybody he's
really wonderful Ellis said did you get
more homesick than last year I was much
more homesick glass
here are this year than last year last
year I wanted to be up there like it was
it was nice to get there this year I
just wanted to go home and I loved being
there but like I miss my family a lot
more and the baby was fun
Duncan was born my nephew I was a wreck
like the fact that I couldn't be there
like still right now I'm getting choked
up like it's very hard for me because
I'm so close to my family so the fact
that one of the babies bálint a baby
was born and I was in there was
gut-wrenching
so I was like sobbing calming Bri said I
love Mert and Patricks relationship this
season me too I feel like that was
something that really stepped up the
season last season we didn't think
anyone was even gonna like really care
that much about the reign of Patrick
relationship like we hoped we didn't -
but like you weren't expecting it to be
like it was when season one came out
we've got more people we got over like
mine and his sister or whatever but like
I feel like a lot he would oh my God
we're in - coming on there just
assessing over the relationship and so
when you start writing system to Netflix
and all the producers were like me more
of that relationship let's really take
him on a rollercoaster this season
including me like I thought that'd be
really fun to do but actually Edna
script we turned in that's I can do more
this Miranda Padgett thing so there
actually were like more moments in the
show that we cut through it's just too
much like Miranda Patrick stuff but um
one in particular was in Episode four
when we're doing like this ug board like
it's showing me how to spray print shirt
there's an entire scene there that got
cut where we both look at like my
t-shirt and then we like each other I
want face to face and you get really
close and right it goes up a check I
have to tell you something that's why we
get really cool so we're gonna kiss and
right before we do I turn my head and
like listen they don't not only silver
boy and he sits up and like Doc it hits
his head and then the rest the scenes
are trying to get the booger out of his
nose so you'll see in the scene there's
Jim and Miranda talking about like
getting the ink from Emily and like he's
pulling out the poison you can kind of
see Patrick's arm
he's like crap
come out cuz he's fully like trying to
pick boogers out of his nose
Ella said which scene did you SS
Franny's hands it's episode three when
she gets the cassette tape Alice said
what was it there at Miranda moment in
season two
I liked the hug at the end of the season
that was just like I just feel like you
see a shot so beautifully and I think
it's a perfect ending to the show and it
just felt like I don't know it felt
really good like that scene just felt
good to shoot because it was one of the
last scenes was shot and for me it was
like that episodes really brutal for
Miranda like I literally was crying
every day like to Nitze film and so I
was exhausted emotionally and like so to
be able to have a something that was
like happy cry instead of like a scared
sad sob it was really nice for me and
he's such a good actor
I love doing scenes with him because
it's very professional and he's just an
incredible actor like he's so so
talented so um I loved filming that
scene and I loved I just love this play
that soon turned out I think it's so
sweet I think Miranda hugs him like the
look on his face of like surprise like
what is going on oh my gosh I don't know
I just ending it's such a good I think
that's such a big singing um and it's
just one and we shot the scene where
he's yelling at Miranda right before
that so all day I had already been in
the crying because he shot me what he's
screaming at Miranda before that in the
same day be shocked to seeing what I
come out with a parade float and I'm
talking to Uncle Jim and Bethany and
they tell me that they're in a
relationship and I'm crying and that
same sobbing that since we started the
day out I'm sobbing for Jim and Bethany
and then I shoot the scene patching
inside the float what he's yelling at me
and I'm crying and not seeing and then
we shot the scene where I went and
hugged him so I'd already been crying
for 10 or 11 hours so I was exhausted
and it was like really sad and emotional
so to be able to like like the emotion
in that scene is so raw and real for me
because I was exhausted and like and
crying all day so we were
someone it's like like it was so genuine
oh my god feel so good to hug someone
after like I've been sobbing all day and
he had just screamed at me and the same
prior so that was going nice how long
before the new election I thought didn't
aim for seventeen years this really
boring I'm sorry guys just really liked
this show I could literally do this for
six miles
I did wear ask me how old Miranda's and
I will not tell you but I know knowledge
is nothing but
no I'm not going okay so Emily said
you're gonna forget that you were going
to spend less you know I'll do it now so
you might only go I'm gonna talk about
this um you guys don't understand I've
been making season two three year I
haven't even talked to you guys about
anything in season two so the fact that
I'm I can't answer all of your questions
and talk about everything from the show
is like amazing so I never want to stop
live show you about this I'm having so
much fun just like telling you all the
behind the scenes stuff like it's making
my heart so happy but I do want to end
this by telling you what storylines were
based on real events and what storylines
were based on nothing or Bonita so I
will end with that comes I know he said
how he not to Japan say I Rhiannon said
how hard was it to get on top of the
sign at the grocery store it wasn't that
hard but like it freaked everyone out
because it was eight and a half feet in
the air so I jumped up and like it
rammed into my abs so I got a bunch of
bruises on my abs like like internal
bruises like my stomach was like I
couldn't wear high-waisted jeans for a
while because I hurt to button them um
there wasn't that hard like I'm pretty
brave with stunts like I'll do anything
like I think it's really fun to do your
own stunts so that was looking at your
Twitter questions by the way
where
susannah he's asking did you have to
rebuild the create float of Uncle Jim
for season two no we still had the same
parade float but the inside of the
parade float we had to rebuild because
we wanted it to look different and be
bigger because it was just a different
shape when we wanted to shoot that scene
differently this season we wanted to be
able to shoot from our angles because
the inside of Crete from last year was
really restricting we could only do a
couple little twisted things so like we
want to be able to shoot from our angles
so we rebuilt the inside of the parade
float but the exterior was the same I'm
gonna pee my pants
I'll be right back and I'm just gonna
clean fast but then I'll come back and
I'll tell you all of the things that
were based on my real life and things
that we made up but please don't go like
that at swamis just one second well
there goes neighborhood I'll be right
back
thanks for waiting how many viewers
dilutes YP okay okay I'm just gonna
finish this off by telling you all the
things that were based on real life and
how many things in season two were made
up one of the everyone's just like
hanging out talking in the comments
awkward silence okay so season 2 episode
1 the things that were based on real
life episode 1 I'm probably gonna forget
things but um me opening up this when we
open up the suitcase and there's like
swords and like crazy stuff inside the
suitcase is based on real life because
when I used to go by myself to do
touring I would have like sorts your
neck in my suitcase and to the sword and
like magic tricks and headless babies
I'll engineer things as I'm a suitcase
and so they would open it - like inspect
it and then they think I like I was
gonna do something about at the airport
so they like take me back to a back room
and like grill me about like what are
you doing with all this stuff like why
do you have all this stuff and think I
was gonna do something bad with it why
traveling the swords and so I told the
writers out there like oh that's funny
if they go to the airport and they get
stopped because they open a suitcase and
there's like all of Brandis weird stuff
in it so that was inspired by real life
what else the one in Miranda like
meaning her first fan she was inspired
in real life it didn't happen in the
airport but it was this like magical
moment for me so keep that in what's
happening since this one episode like um
the Bible adventure museum that Bethany
goes to originally was a Bible adventure
theme park you wanted to have like teen
park rides and stuff that the that would
be too expensive so I made it into a
museum but that's a real Museum that
Christopher husband - many times his
family
I think he's been to a museum very
similar to that so he kind of kind of
make that based on a real thing what
else the honoree joke
it's like a literal inside joke with my
family because that's how my family says
the word ornery da Andre Andre Andre
so that joke literally just put in for
my family like no one else will ever get
it because like my whole family says
that word on it so episode two the taco
restaurant oh the when Bethenny is
making pasta and the spatula melts
inside of the pasta noodles that
happened with Christopher and Jessica
Jessica's making him fudge and the
spatula melted inside of the fudge and
he's hanging if there's a plastic chunks
and he said what is they should take the
spatula melted inside of it sorry
so that was based on a real thing that
happened to us
none of the taco restaurant stuff was
based on the video stuff I don't that's
kind of it that's it - episode 3 is
based on real thing happened me so when
I first heard a Miranda this one random
fan I saw even of who she is
um made a video and this is the former
and was really popular so like I had had
some viral videos but it like no no
videos it might have more like 200,000
views or something like that and this
one girl uploaded video making
imitating Miranda she looks up all her
face and she did an Adele song and I had
two million views and I was so upset I
was a cool is this girl imitating my
character saying she's she said hey guys
new Maringa and like she did a full-on
song as Miranda that I had recovered and
she got two million views and I was so
upset because my videos I didn't even
have the video that had 1 million views
yet and she had this one video that cost
over 2 million
did she still my character so
we decided to do a whole episode based
on that the writers thought that was so
interesting so that's where episode
three came from and then the pooping in
the prop toilets in Episode three that
actually happened to me I did poop in a
prop toilet I to show once backstage and
it was horrifying and very embarrassing
and I left it there and I left because I
was so embarrassed
um what I was having oh um
when we have to clean the living room
and Uncle Jim and Miranda going not mine
not mine
that's something my family does and used
to do all the time growing up something
wasn't ours but not mine not mine
there's so many things like I feel like
if I wash up so with you guys Big O that
was based on real life salvation really
um I think more so than season 1 season
2 is based on real-life stuff episode 4
is a hospital
not much there was based on real-life me
getting my first check for $42 was
similar in the sense that I remember
when I got my first check it was
actually for a hundred in like two
dollars but I got my first check from
Google and I remember I was like I
thought I was so rich that I got a check
for $100 um and so we put that in the
script then we were like actually
hundred dollars is a lot of money so we
changed it's like forty dollars um the
merge stuff in the hospital stuff
obviously I don't know anyone who has
had a kidney disease but we knew that
right when we wrote season one and we
decided Bethany was gonna get it her
kidneys gonna fail we knew right away
that Miranda was gonna be the one to
give it kidney then so five things the
Miranda art wall we wanted like to
figure out how to show like that
Miranda's art wall was started by his
sister and we knew that for a long time
- we knew that since we made Emily an
artist we're like Oh she'll be the first
person to brand a piece of art to start
the art wall
so if you get a season three you'll see
with more artwork with starting from the
wall for the film in front of another I
just gave away a spoiler to season 2 if
we got it like idiot like given Russia
first what else happens in five that was
based on your life okay okay cool um
Episode six is a grocery store I took my
when he messes up my head the starting
of Miranda world like the slide thing
that was based on real life and making
theme parts of the Frank Garrity do that
with my family all the time so that was
this some real life there's stuff like I
need to watch the episode in order to
remember real life like things that
happened to me um seven is Miranda world
space or alive like I said I can't
anything
I know there's stuff that all the videos
are based on real videos I did there's a
couple that are new that aren't your son
your videos in Episode eight I mean I
feel like this is in more than any other
season like the characters and the
relationships are bigger and like more
of a story line you know all the
different characters and their
relationships and those are based on you
know things like we pulled from real
places like for you know all of the
writers we're like oh well this has
happened to me whether it be really
emotional really hard or really lovely
romantic like those are things that were
based on real events in my life on
Christopher's life that we kind of like
invented into the show because I feel
strongly that like the best writing
comes from something right what you know
is what good writers always say there
was it right you know like whatever is
actually happened to you that's where
the best stuff comes from so most days
in the writers room we spend a couple
hours just talking about this when I
spend a lot of time just talk about our
childhood
family and whatever I will say Brandis
dad is not based on my dad rent like not
even close my dad is my favorite man on
planet earth my dad is the most perfect
human in the universe like I know that
whoever I spend the rest of my life with
like has to be someone who's just like
my father like he's incredible man so I
have to say that because I I say all the
time that haters back off is based on my
real life and it is but Kelly is not
based on my dad my dad's medicine um but
yeah like I need to watch the show to
say like what is based on your life and
what is it like because I feel like I
don't remember off the top of Lisa said
what's the inspiration behind the statue
in round the world
we just wanted it like we thought it'd
be funny to have a statue crushed the
house like I think actually one of our
set designers like our production is so
amazing and I think everyone's just so
excited on our crew to like work on such
a weird show that's just different than
anything else um not that much of so
main thing but just like in Vancouver
they usually shoot dramas and
procedurals I'm like you know sad things
they don't shoot a lot of comedies in
Vancouver so the crease that we work the
CLE that we work with it's very very
rarely my dad just texted me it said
known as perfect but Jesus dad you're
perfect to me
so that's anyway um but our production
team was so awesome they were so sight
they'd all pitch ideas so it wasn't just
like oh we want a theme park and they
build it they'd be like well what if we
do this like they'd come up with ideas
to which I loved like my team is all
very collaborative even the actors on
set will come up to me like what if
Uncle Jim does this in the scene like I
love that I love that everyone's so
collaborative but our production
designers for geniuses like the people
who have built the house they build all
the sets they make everything I think
their genius Richard and Linda are such
they're amazing but they actually said
what if there is
um I'm right I don't remember if we came
up to mind such if they did but they
were like what if it like crushes the
house and I was like whoa they're like
writing for us but um we just thought it
was such a cool idea but we were like we
can't do that we can't crush the house
but they're like yeah again you can do
whatever and so um we loved that idea so
that's why we did this actually we just
thought it would be funny it's we
thought it would be cool a cool
imagery of like Emily finally thinks
someone cares about her and it's gonna
take care of her and even her and then
he ditches her with Miranda the girl
who's like literally been destroying
Emily's life as her sister and then
she's reminded that that her art gallery
it's like destroyed by Miranda like we
just thought that was interesting
let's see
one person need to go take a shower
this is some Alison why does everybody
except for Steve look out of character
lmao and it's like a picture of us in
the Attic and it looks like is that a
picture because if it's a picture we
probably were out I don't know lacy said
can we take a moment to appreciate what
a good little actress friend el reality
is going away yeah I'm just doing a
great job this isn't what no three said
did you cut the scene with your fan that
you casted for the show no burn the
imposter in Episode three that whole
episode she's the one who was a fan who
sent in an audition tape um and we got
so many good auditions for that part it
was so hard to pick like honestly like
my fans that sent in tapes like no hate
no shade but like we're better than like
every other actor we saw for every other
part like my fans were genuinely so good
acting you're we all like my casting
director was like I can't believe how
talented your fans are like it's gonna
start to pick it was so hard to pick
someone to play fern and he finally
picked look Zoe was amazing I adore her
she was so good
tip said who wrote the line I'm afraid
you don't get to decide what you work to
other people because Wow I can't
remember I mean like I said earlier all
the lines all the jokes are written by
the whole writers team but I think that
specific line was either written by
whether it is Justin or by Christopher
my brother I remember it was from one of
them but I don't remember which one but
like I said they all the lines come from
all of us we rewrote that monologue by
Patrick 50 times so like that that
monologue got three written free but
rewritten so many freaking times that
like really it was written by everybody
because whatever you end up with was
inspired by all the different versions
you have done prior so but I think that
specific line ultimately it was written
by even Christopher Justin and I can't
remember which what was your favorite
joke from this season - condensation
bracket um my favorite joke from the
season know there's a lot of good ones I
really like some of the improv lines I
think are really funny like I love um in
episode 2 when Kelly Gomes found a
tailor that I liked and was like they're
just taking that so seriously I think
that's really plain I was in Prague or
when Kelly says like her name's not to
say but that was in problems without
faith honey I love the moment between
Brandon Jim he goes yes $20 or the
chimichanga burrito the weddings like
listing things homeless that the scene
was pretty much improv and the krinkle
tacos chicken like I think that's funny
there's so many fine jokes I think the
literally just keep going like with
different jokes like a little arias but
one thing that makes me laugh so hard
every single time and the entire scene
is improv like this scene didn't exist
and we added this to just impromptu
I mean Uncle Jim when I'm like we're in
the wings and episode three and I'm like
what is she doing in his age she's uh
can't lift up shoots and I go where her
she's so loud those are tap shoes that
entire scene is just him and me improv
and being idiots like none of that was
scripted I don't know why would that say
makes me laugh so hard because I think
it's just because it just reminds me of
me and Steve like when me and Steve are
hanging out like that's kind of how we
talk and hang out so I love this my mom
is watching Daisy singing pictures just
said to eat more froze toes her cheese
balls this season I ate more cheese
balls unfortunately in agencies as she
said calling Canadians legends was a
great line thousand problems they don't
this is a final question I keep saying
I'm gonna finish but I may just have too
much what mmm
samosa at donut Colleen said how's it
shooting the scene with the firefighters
and getting blasted with water I was
really nervous for that scene it was you
can't tell which is insane but it was
pouring rain and hailing like you cannot
see it which is amazing somehow like the
cameras didn't pick that up but it was
warm and it was freezing but the water
that I was expecting it to be a harder
blast but it was like a sprinkler like
it was like barely hitting me so when it
started to spray me I mean we got one
take and so when it started to spray me
I was like I just have to pretend like
this is more powerful than it is so I
started like falling and like making
pretend like it was like hitting me
really hard but it actually wasn't it
was like being able to sprinkler
like they didn't put it on the high
power so because anyone hurt me um doan
that bad the worst part about that was
just that I kept falling and I scraped
at my knee so bad like I still have but
like on my knees I have scars from
falling names for the venue so much
anyway who's boring I need to go I love
you guys thank you bringing out with me
I'm really nervous about Jimmy Fallon
tomorrow please watch and tweet about it
and tweet about Ryan and Kelly tweet at
them and tweet at me and just like send
me screenshots if you're watching Ryan
Kelly and send me screenshots if you're
watching Jimmy Fallon I am nervous
I'm excited I feel like I'm doing this
with you guys the only reason I get to
doing you this is because of you guys
you guys literally picked out my outfits
for these so it's like literally like
I'm doing this with yes so please watch
and support giving this world to me if
you guys all watch the shows with me but
just tweet about a lot Instagram about
it a lot and talking
tag them and keep watching hitch back
off the more gets streamed the more
people watch it and the more people talk
about it
more likely it is that maybe we'll get
another one I don't know I don't know
how I want I just don't know but thank
you everyone who's being supportive and
tweeting about I love it I saw Francesca
dig with Emily and she said she loves
like reading all your tweets about it
and makes really happy and Eric so many
texts dates at the same thing like
everyone's meeting about it so cool and
Angela's so just to keep tweeting us
about the show and your favorite parts
and keep watching it it means the world
to me it's so weird to work for a whole
year on a show and then people and like
one they're like a little thing I'm like
I spent a year on it and people are like
are you done which is amazing I'm not
complaining I'm just saying like watch
it again and try to find all the little
secret hidden things because there's a
lot of secret fun hidden things in the
show for you guys all right I love you I
will see you tomorrow on Brian Kelly and
Jimmy Fallon and I'm nervous and I love
you and
you
