you'll get a can of soup bitch that's
where you're gonna do this Daisy right
there hi everyone good morning the show
comes out tonight at midnight I'm
freaking out so instead of just sitting
around she's eating my camera strap
instead of just sitting around and
freaking out and stressing and being
nervous I decided I'm gonna work today
cuz working makes me happy so I'm gonna
film some random videos this morning I'm
freaking out I'm gonna try to post this
today so that you can watch it before
the show comes out maybe some of you so
I'm just know that midnight tonight the
show comes out he's been doing this all
over my rug in my office just walks
around and does that jay-z are you okay
Yeah right Daisy just drunk can't be
bothered find a new spot there you go
so today's been a very busy day I just
had my pre-interview with the Fallon
people which is really exciting they
call and just kind of talk to you and
see if like they can come up any stories
they want you to talk about with Jimmy
and so we talked about that for a while
and I'm about to film some more miranda
videos and yeah that's just kind of how
my day is going I'm about to film a
video with my cats and dress them up in
different youtuber costumes so this
should be interesting I don't know how
this is gonna go alright it's a little
bit later and we are now shopping
because I have chosen dresses based on
your recommendations so pretty much it
was unanimous the shirt with the white
collar everyone wanted me to wear for
Ryan and Kelly so thank you for choosing
that for Fallon I'm wearing like this
Green's the one that's like goes up to
like my neck that one because I feel
most comfortable in that one or the
premiere it was between the purple dress
the straps and the green one with a big
split and I chose the purple ones but it
was kind of a tie between those two you
guys like those a lot but I chose
Superboy's I'm more comfortable in it
and I feel like in the green on my tits
are just kind of fall out I have jewelry
and
with other dresses but for the purple
one for my premiere tomorrow I don't
have shoes for so for picking out shoes
and drawing right now
these shoes yeah they're cute they're
fun those are fun for the premiere I
feel like since the purple dress is so
simple like there's not like there's no
design on it it's very just clean-cut
straight simple dress I wanted to I
really fun shoe and have a fun clutch so
that's what we're looking for right now
look at me being a designer also secret
that dress is like 30 bucks so after way
too long at the stores stores plural we
went to a bajillion stores we finally
found like a clutch in earrings and a
necklace that kind of work but the shoes
are glorious so as long as we got those
cute shoes I'm fine so now we are
getting ready for the party tomorrow
night premier party I'm throwing and
like I told you in the last vlog I'm
putting together a little gift bag for
everyone so right now we are bagging up
the cheese balls to put in the gift bags
and the gift bags are cute I'm excited
to show them to you guys
right now we've got gloves on and we are
bagging up cheese balls living the dream
all right so here's a plan we're making
like a line of all the things have to go
inside the bag so here the bags
we're giving away at the party haters
back off season two on these kids I'm so
excited so these are the little backpack
packs and then each bag we're gonna put
cheese balls a cat
bubblegum lips chocolate these little
popsicle sticks that I made that have
the social media and the hashtag blow up
microphone and a can of soup
SpaghettiOs which you will understand
why if you have watched season two um so
that's what's going in the bags I love
that most places you get a gift bag
they're like who's so exciting what am I
gonna get some new makeup so I'm like
cute glasses and me I'm like you'll get
a can of soup bitch I don't know I'm
really excited so now we just have to
fill a hundred bags with all this weird
stuff and I am so excited I'm so nervous
I can't believe the shows coming out in
a few hours so I'm glad I have something
to preoccupy my mind cuz I am stores all
right guys there's only a couple more
hours until haters back off season 2
comes out we finished all of the bags
they look so cute and they're full of
fun little cute things we're watching
season 1 right now just kind of having
it on even though obviously I've seen in
a billion times and I know what happens
but we're just getting ready Rachel's
gonna come over John I think todrick's
gonna be here Cori and we're gonna maybe
watch an episode or two at midnight I
don't know kind of like too nervous too
but anyway yeah I'm excited so everyone
please watch the show comes out at
midnight tonight so if it's October 20th
or after when you're watching this the
show is out please go watch it yeah I
love you guys and Mike
