what's up beat sheets hi y'all
it is 6 p.m. on Wednesday night and I
plans later tonight yeah what is she oh
I can hear my own voice and I hate when
this happens to me all the sound oh God
ok so anyway um hi to anyone watching I
am gonna do a live stream right now
obviously doing one kind of a mess
um because I am freaking out freaking
out cuz haters back off season 2 comes
out tomorrow on Netflix and I'm free
yeah I'm just really freaking out we
keep saying comes out Friday cuz it
technically does come out on Friday
however how Netflix works is when they
say the day that a show comes out it
actually comes out at midnight Pacific
Standard Time at the start of that day
so it comes out on Friday but
technically Friday is tomorrow night at
midnight like that's when Friday begins
so tomorrow for me that's tomorrow
because I say wait till like 3:00 in the
morning so for me that means tomorrow at
midnight my show comes out and I like I
will go this morning and was like oh two
more days the show comes out on Friday
how did that happen like that happened
so fast and I was like wait two more
days that means tomorrow my show comes
out and I I'm freaking out so um I saw a
lot of you guys on Twitter say like hey
if the show comes out on Friday you have
two days to livestream the last two
episodes of season 1 because last year I
want to make sure that y'all are
watching um let's use the hashtag I will
do the shutter once and Haley said I'm
going to do a live stream right now dead
emoji I know unless okay so anyway um
let's do a hashtag hashtag um I don't
know you guys are better at hashtags to
me tweeny some hashtags and I'll just
pick one at random but basically laugh
year when season one came out I said I
was gonna livestream every single
episode until you guys behind the scenes
of every single episode like what
secrets and deleted scenes and drama and
whatever happened on set I was telling
you about and I did it for every single
episode and then except for I haven't
done seven and eight and I promised I
would do it all before season 2 came out
I actually promised I would do it all
last year and I failed that but the show
comes out credit so I need to livestream
up so it's seven and eight so how this
works a lot of you will be like I'm not
interested in this and I'm gonna click
out and that is fine I will not be
offended although I do wish you would
stay because I do think you might find
it interesting or maybe I'm just
conceited and I think it's interesting
when it's really boring and not
interesting but basically how it works
is I'm gonna pull up my Netflix on my
television and you guys can pull up your
Netflix on your television or your
laptop or whatever and we watch the show
together watch the episodes together and
I'll tell you to pause they're like oh
my god when we shot this scene I had a
fart really bad and I'll tell you little
inside scoop behind the scenes in film
Asia um so let's see Brian said haters
back off tomorrow could be that hashtag
finished season one HBO tomorrow haters
back off be - haters back off - one day
left I don't know it took a year I like
it to be year Evan at unity grande said
hashtag it took a year cuz it literally
did take me a year to do this so let's
do hashtag it took years so if you want
to tweet me use the hashtag it - here um
and I'll be looking at my Twitter
throughout so but for now pull up
Netflix whether it be on your computer
I'm gonna do it on my television and go
to Episode seven of haters back off give
me that promo whirl um yeah I'm like I'm
nervous guys like I'm fine being honest
like I'm really nervous
I cannot believe season she comes out
tomorrow night I'm really like I'm
freaking out like I feel like anxious
and scared and like I just feel like a
freaking mess um but anyway I'm gonna
try to find my show which usually is
really hard to find but I really : um
haters back off I found it so on Friday
all the artwork is gonna change on
Netflix wait I don't know what's up so
go on please oh wait that was obsessive
oh okay so I'm gonna go to let's see
okay so episode seven season one here's
what we're gonna watch together it's
gonna be a glorious time this is one of
my favorite episodes so I am very
excited for you guys to watch this with
me like I'm free okay I just have to say
for a second before you so while you
guys are hooking up episode 7 on your
Netflix I'm gonna go on a little bit of
a rant right now I'm freaking out
so last year I was freaking out for a
totally different reason
last year the when the show was about to
come out I was in New York City with
Rachel and Korey and John John lived
there but one of his friends and Cory
came with me cuz Cory is my best friend
and my assistant and I also wanted my
sister to come just cuz like I wanted
some family to be there because he's the
first time in my life I had my own TV
show come out so I was there doing Jimmy
Fallon and I didn't wanna be alone in
the show came out but I had to wake up
at like 6 a.m. or something to start
doing press and the show came out at
midnight in California so it was 3 a.m.
in New York so I stayed up till 3:00 in
the morning and like little's in bed
like half asleep scrolled through my
Twitter and so I would be like it's up
its up oh my gosh and until you'd like
it's a go watch and then passed out and
then welcome the next states are doing
precedent it was just great it was just
such a whirlwind and this year it's not
gonna be like that this year I'm gonna
be at my house like just like
when the stroke comes out like alone
like I think I'm freaking out but it
means that I'll be able to like look and
see what you guys are saying I thought
about live-streaming tomorrow night like
when the show comes out so we can all
watch it together or like live tweeting
with you guys as you watch the episodes
but I know I'm being so boring right now
but I'll get to Episode seven and once I
get in just give him a minute
so season one I was like very confident
with season one like I I was like yes
this is a good show exactly what I
wanted this is a dream come true I had a
lot of people like helping me throughout
the whole process and season two I feel
like which is awesome but season two I
feel like people were like clean you got
it and so I did a lot well it felt like
a lot more of the work was put on my
shoulders this season which I was happy
about and it was really cool that people
were trusting you with like more of the
workload but I feel like I was so much
more invested this season because I had
to do a lot of it by myself not by
myself like there are other people
involved but like there was just a lot
more work put on my shoulders so I feel
I just feel more nervous I guess this
time around I don't know season Chewy's
a lot weirder and season two we took
more risks with and I feel like season
two could either I just have no idea
like season 1 I was like yeah people are
gonna love this and people are gonna
hate it but I know people will love it
and season 2 I was like I know I love it
but I don't know like I don't it's
really weird like we we went we took it
really far like we did a lot of stuff in
season 2 that like I feel like we took a
lot of risks and like I don't know I'm
nervous like nervous ok so sorry I'm
talking so much but I'm just freaking
out and y'all are my friends so I feel
like I can talk to you about this
I'm sorry just said bad word um ok so
what are y'all saying
Ella said
um was this season more stressful than
when you were working on season 1 yes
times a billion like season two was when
oh my god guys my cat just went poop and
has poop stuck on her butt so she's
dragging her butt all over my floor the
things that go on in this house I swear
to god Gus go eat ears the stairs poop
out of her about please that is so gross
anyway it might even help her cuz I'm
really good cat mom no she's fine
she what I just maybe she's dragging her
bottom around I don't know anyway um
season 2 is much more stressful um
season 1 I felt like we had our director
season 1 that like knew the show so well
done like created the look for the show
and like those weird close-up shots of
me and it looked very like Napoleon
Dynamite like really bizarre they this
kick booty director who that came up
with that concept and this season we had
different directors who were all awesome
but they want like they weren't like
creators of the original thing day like
they're trying to emulate what we had
created so they relied a lot on me to
tell them how and what to do and they
could've done it by themselves but they
were just wonderful that was like a big
important thing for me so I felt like I
was kind of co-directing throughout most
of the season which was really cool and
scary and fun um and also like my
brother wasn't there hardly at all like
he came up a couple times but Jessica
just had their baby so she gave birth
like a couple weeks into production so
my brother wasn't up there and last
season my brother and I were both on set
and it was so necessary because I'd be
acting and he'd be watching the monitors
and he knows my character better than
anybody so he'd be able to come on side
like oh you need to do this mom Miranda
that was to Maryna that wasn't Miranda
enough this would be funny and he knows
all the characters he helped me write
the character as he helped write the
show so season 1 my brother was there
every single day and this season he
wasn't he was there I'd say maybe a
total of a week over the top two months
that we're up there shooting he was
still working from home but he wasn't up
there physically every single day so
there's
a lot more work put on you there I feel
like you know across the board the
costumes props everything was they like
I guess trust didn't mean a lot more
than this season like season one I think
everyone kind of I don't know I just
feel like season two everyone was like
what do you like about this what do you
want but this level walk only one you
need what do you want what do you want
and which I liked I wanted it that way
but it was just really stressful um and
this isn't me complaining because I
wouldn't have it any other way it was
incredible and I'm the luckiest girl in
the world but it was much more stressful
anyway that was very long-winded answer
but I just I'm so excited and nervous
and all the things okay so let's start
because we have two episodes to watch
right now so get out your popcorn get to
Episode seven it's queued up on Netflix
we're gonna watch episode seven haters
back off together for anyone who's new
who just joined or watching episode
seven haters back off on Netflix I'm
going to start the episode together at
the same time so cue it up are you ready
here we go one two three slash plan Oh
mine's loading absolu internet so I'm
gonna be a little behind you okay so
here we go the next looks logo popped up
okay so this is I'm about to sing Love
Shack and this is a real video from my
youtube channel so when we write the
episodes we want every episode to start
with the YouTube video so this one was
when we went through all my own videos
and we found this one called Love Shack
and it's when my favorites from back in
the day until we recreated it and in the
video I say I'm dedicating it to a
friend I think it was dedicated to
Jessica or someone but we made up that
it was dedicated to Patrice which is
Patrick so anyway we recreated a real
video and that was really important to
me in both seasons that we recreate
videos that I've already done in the
past so this is a scene between Yin
Patrick Ryan and Patrick I love this
scene so I'm signing a headshot for
Patrick remember that headshot when you
watch season two not that exact one just
like what my headshot looks like because
it might
back up okay so I put to Patrice the
picture on the wall behind Patrick like
right by his arm two green eared
painting was an exact replica of a
painting I had done at one of my
ex-boyfriends house like when I was like
18 or something there was one reference
photo we send them send them ton like
hundreds and hundreds of reference
photos to make the set so the set is
based on like my house and my apartments
that I have lived in and filmed Miranda
videos in and so they saw that green
painting in the background of a picture
we sent and they recreated it I was like
well crazy so he's about to ask her on a
date I think he's so good at this
character this character Patrick I've
said multiple times to my favorite
character and I'm very specific with
what my characters are when they're in
my head and I was like I know exactly
what I want Patrick to look like what I
want him to sound like what I want him
to act like and Eric walked in the
audition room and he walked in I was
like oh my god that's Patrick like it
was immediate I knew exactly that he was
the right person for Patrick I don't
think there's any improv on the scene
most scenes we have a lot of improv and
this see between me and Patrick I don't
think any of I think was all scripted
usually when I'm acting with Eric or
with Francesca it's straight up just
what the script is there's everyone
smile and prob with Eric but with
Francesca I'm not really and but usually
between scenes between me and Uncle Jim
or me and my mom it's like mostly improv
but with ever whenever I acted with Eric
it was like you're stuck pretty much to
the script so now we're into the Netflix
original series haters back off we
changed the logo so now it's my
handwriting all right oh here's a good
on oh wait
spot spot spots okay so I'm at 3 minutes
and 21 seconds
okay so there's something in TV shows
called wallah which is like when the
TV's making a sound or when an audience
is clapping and cheering or an airport
someone's like please go to gate 38b
that's called wallah and so you get
wallah actors to come in every once in a
while though like you can't get wallet
people in time or the wallet people
didn't do it exactly right and in our
situation I thought it would be fun to
hide my family and friends voices
throughout the show and so that
commercial that Bethenny's watching
where it's like ooh meat sizzling what a
great deal like all that is
Christopher's voice my brother's voice
and I have been the reason I did that
before just putting like my family and
friends voices in the show is that when
I do these live streams I can tell my
fans like oh hey guess what there's a
little secret for you a little nugget so
that was Christopher's voice so we're in
episode 7 of haters back off on that
flicks and we're at 3 minutes and 21
seconds for those of you following along
which was playing down so Bethany's from
the doctor's office finding out that her
kidney is failing so she's looking at
all her drugs a lot of pain pills in
there poor Bethany it's has feeling
kidney um oh here's another one okay
pause so at 3:40 ish my cat is trying to
play with the so at around 3:40 ish
there's this shot of Bethany crying in
bed and that's a deleted scene from
episode six
it's an episode six there was a scene
where Bethany is crying in bed and tells
Jim like my doctor called he said I need
a new kidney I'm really scared and she's
crying but we couldn't delete the scene
and it was heartbreaking the deleted
scene we kept in the shot of her crying
in bed in episode 7 so that's when the
deleted scene actually this whole
sequence of her my cat is burying the
speaking of do you have leukemia
no she's clean so I don't know why she
was rubbing her butt on the ground but
on the ground here dog
mmm okay so anyway and this whole
sequence where it's like choppy and
weird and it's like her getting the
pills and her like crying in the bed
this was not how it was scripted it was
scripted to just be like voice so I
can't even remember how it script it was
voiceover of the doctor or if it was
just the doctor telling I can't really
remember but we got to the editing room
and realized it wasn't really working we
wanted something different so our editor
last year was really awesome
and he came up with this like jittery
like like she's on drugs like her wife
is kind of flashing and she's just going
through the motions and she's high on
her drugs and all the stuff so he came
up with his cool - editing technique and
he used shots from other scenes and
other takes to throw in here so like the
crying in bed and there's a few but um
yeah it's pretty cool okay at 3:40 right
now in officience a so she can her drugs
nice was scripted it's been a year she
throws away her facing your kidney
transplant in the trash ah she's she's
watching the TV I love the scene oh
here's some sad thing I love the scene
between Jim and Emily I think Emily does
such a good job
King Kong Sevens so he's clearly talking
to porn men who do porn and so Emily
realizes so okay pause at 4:33 so if you
are a very intense watcher of haters
back off and you've seen it many a time
you would know if you've read watch
season 1 again in the last month that
jokes are missing there are little bits
of scenes and jokes that are gone and
there's not a lot there's I think 6
moments total it's not a lot but there
are some moments that are missing and
this is
one of them so this scene how it used to
go was oh he's Jim says Oh Bush let me
check Miranda when it was the last time
you trimmed your chia pet and roses well
it's been a while it's pretty bushy or
some error said it's pretty pushy it's
been a while or something like that and
we had to cut my line so the reason is
because we wanted the show to be
available on the kids app and the adults
app and there are just a few lines that
were in too inappropriate and for some
reason like I don't even understand it
like there's just in some countries in
some places because the show's build one
like 190 different places or something
saying for some reason certain lines
just were too raunchy and he's allowed
to say Miranda when was the last time
you trimmed your Chia pêche pet the
scouts no for a movie that was okay but
me saying I don't know it's pretty bushy
like had to get cut it was so
interesting like finding out what had to
get cut and what didn't but that one
line had to get cut so for those of you
who watch season one prior to one month
ago you're the only ones who've ever
seen that one I'm so interesting okay so
I'm at four minutes and 33 seconds
unfortunately so here we have the TV and
the mattress Queen so we went through a
bunch of different like we thought of a
bunch of different type of we didn't
know what we want to marine the mattress
Queen to be you're like what type of
person should this be like what type of
woman do we want to cast this is my
favorite I think my favorite joke this
episode did I ever tell you we went to
high school together
chemistry class like that part I think
Jim is so funny anyway um so I had
recently become obsessed with my
director from for this season his name
was Andrew he's amazing and I found him
through Netflix he had just directed a
show called the characters on Netflix
and so I watched a bunch of this
episodes and one of them was on this guy
John early who plays the mattress clean
and he is if you haven't seen
watch it watch the characters John
Early's episode please do submit
characteristics like skits
and I thought he was so brilliant and so
funny that we just randomly one day were
like should we just cast on early
because we really liked him and wanted
to work with him and so we're like why
not so we just cast him in the role and
we never address it we don't address if
it's like a man or a woman I mean I'm
playing a woman or if it's a drag queen
or if it's something like we never
explain anything we just like who cares
like just throwing the role so um yeah
John release a hilarious comedian and
you know she's check him out I just
talked to that whole scene emily is
talking to Bethenny about signing her
boarding school arts building a cat
leaked it smells horrible in here
Francesca looked so much younger last
season it's crazy like I've watched
season two so much that like my brain
thinks of these characters as the season
2 version because that's what I've been
doing for a year is season 2 so it's
crazy to watch season one because Emily
looks so much different to me and she's
into than in season 1 she looks so much
younger in season it's crazy
so Emily wants to go to art school back
in same nose so here at Bethany is
saying no you can't go to art school and
she's saying it because she wants her
daughter there because she knows that
she's dying and she doesn't her daughter
to leave but Emily obviously doesn't
know that so Emily just thinks her mom's
being a meanie head which I think
happens all the time by the way in
family relationships like moms will do
things to protect their children or to
protect themselves and the kids just
think moms being a jerk
this team between Jim and Miranda work
is smacking the mattresses that's all
improv you can see me laughing in that
shot you can see me like start to smile
because I thought it was so funny that
he stirred like banging on the
mattresses that was all improv
stuff my dad okay pause sorry you pause
it like 7:27 728 that's my dad so we
were shooting the scene and my parents
were visiting and I'm pause right now at
7 minutes with 9 seconds
my parents were visiting and merging the
mattress store scene and the drug
during Andrew was like we need extras in
the mattress store there can't just be
no one in the mattress store and um our
our first date he was like well we don't
have we didn't hire any extras today we
can't get them this late of notice
because this is the last scene shot and
on that day he's like I can't get extras
here right now like I don't know what
you want me to do and I was like can my
dad be in it and they're like no you
know like he's not an extra we have to
get an extra and I was like but we don't
we don't time to get extras so I can't
we just throw my dad in here so that's
my dad on that mattress store and on
that bed and my dad still talks about it
so he still talks about how he was Hank
he named his character Hank and Hank was
at the mattress store and they didn't
have costumes for him obviously because
it was so last-minute they literally
threw him in the scene but he was
wearing shoes that had the Nike symbol
on them so they had to put black duct
tape over the Nike symbol because we
can't show Nike um because the brand
didn't like we can have approval so he
still it is a year later he's still a
year and a half since we shot this he
still has those shoes and they still
have the tape on them he won't take the
tape off and I think it's the cutest
thing so anyway my dad still talks about
that all the time and he actually said
that he wanted to be here for the live
stream with episode 7 because he was the
star of the episode and he Hank is the
reason this episode isn't good so thank
you to my amazing dad so I meant 7
minutes and 29 seconds of episode 7 and
the pushing played now so marine the
matches Queen is seeing Steve Jim and
Miranda maybe it was so much longer
season y'all like I'm so sad my hair is
so short now so this mattress store is
the same place that we shot the magic
scene in episode 6 the fish store scene
in episode 2 what else did we put the
locker room from episode 2 so anyway we
didn't have a lot of time to shoot the
scene so we basically crash hurt so we
had like two cameras going at the same
time one on me and Jim and Maureen
because we just had no time and this
scene we shot at the end of the day and
most of its improv
and we shot it after I had shot all of
my crime scene
so I had just been sobbing at the
computer like for the final scene of the
show where I'm crying alone at the
computer screen I've been shooting that
for hours and hours and hours and then
they're like all right now let's go do
this funny comedy scene in the mattress
shop and so I look Randy - hair and
makeup trailer my hair was dripping wet
from the scene so they had to blow-dry
it and straighten it and then put tea
bags on my face was swollen and red from
sobbing for hours and they're like okay
go be funny but yeah this scene was
really funny shoot and a pillow
I know every episode my heart yes it
shows my life drinking up other like
interested in information from the
shadows it she's not gonna like that
okay
my Abrams was like this so we originally
had this whole like backstory between
mark Maureen and Jim that they dated or
that he was in love with her like we
float me floating around a lot of
different ideas with the marine
character sorry guys I'm just trying to
think of something interesting to say
drink is me I'm trying so hard not to
laugh Miranda I think I said this last
livestream but Miranda and season 2 is
much more Miranda so season 1 it is much
more subtle like when she was like get
out of my store I was just kind of like
like that gonna face this season I would
have been like like my face was so
absurd season 2 you'll see when you
watch season 2 tomorrow night alright so
I will tell you this pause I'm at 10
minutes and 13 seconds episode 7 this
shot of Bethany we shot on the first day
of shooting the show so that's an
episode 7 we shot every single grocery
store scene in one day so even though
it's episode 7
all of this was shot I just push play
I'm at 10:17 right now
the lights look of me just zoom in
lobectomy yeah this all this stuff was
shot on the first day so they had just
met the guy played to Keith and Angela
lyric had just met that day was the
first day of shooting
I hadn't even shot any of my scenes yet
and they shot this scene together and
had to like make out in the back and
they literally just met which was crazy
to me I know that happens all the time
with actors like actors meet other
actors and have to like kiss them for
scenes or whatever but I don't know why
it just seems so crazy to me I guess
because in the season they've had all
this history like Keith and Bethenny
have dated and then she broke up with
him and like he had this weird fetish
and there's all this huge storyline
between Keith and Bethenny but when we
shot this they hadn't shot any of the
other scenes so this is them first
meeting doing this scenes where they
have all this history it's very
impressive to me good good actors these
two ready girl go make out with your
man's how much else to say about this
grocery story oh this is my poster so
there we go making out in the back how
weird is that like can you imagine
meeting someone and like literally
having to make out with them immediately
I just feel like I know she's
professional and he's professional and
they've probably done it a million times
but I just feel like that's crazy to me
so cute is obsessed with her being ill
and sick and broken and she's not
wearing her wrist grace
so he's like at this I'm going back to
the church this was all in one shot
because we had like 10 minutes to get
this scene - so imagine meeting someone
and being like okay you're gonna do a
kissing scene you have ten minutes to
get this scene so don't mess it up it's
all one shot I don't know if you guys
notice that but like the whole scene is
one camera move there's no cuts oh honey
it's okay okay
there's Miranda kissed going to get her
cheese balls so Jim and Rena just
entered the house I'm eating my cheese
ball buckets man I paint cheese balls I
hate cheese balls I ate so many cheese
balls this game and I eat a lot of
cheese balls - season two as well
spoiler alert and I hate them like I
would rather with the froze toes I'd
rather eat salami I would rather eat
meters like I'd rather eat anything than
cheese balls and I hate cheese balls
because they have like a film I can't
explain it it's really gross
so this kitchen is based on a house I
lived in in college we recreated that
completely just crazy because I did a
few videos in that kitchen
so we recreated it for haters back on
those corners so here we got the pudding
okay so this pudding and these
homeschoolers okay this is a good scene
so the pudding we scripted it as like
there's a thick film of like pudding
crusted pudding on the top and they're
like the food people were like um how
important is it to have a thick crust of
pudding goo and really pretty important
like it'd be funny because haven't you
guys ever left out pudding or something
and there's like a thick front maybe
that's just my girl's family but anyway
they're like it will cost $800 per
pudding ball and I was like we don't
need the crest so there's not really any
pudding crust on this which we really
were hoping for these homeschoolers were
great these people who played the
homeschoolers the kids are so nice so
cool like just the sweetest people like
I loved them all three of them are just
so sweet I think she's great
Abigail so those actors are all from
Canada we cast them while we were up
there
it was crazy like whenever we had like
little hearts like this I'd be like
doing a scene like from episode 3 or
something and come out in between
filming an episode and then our show
runners would be like a clean look at
these auditions and I'd watch auditions
for like home schoolers or you know
random other characters and then we
choose through videos like we get sent
videos with people's auditions and um
and so we got hers and we thought she is
just awesome
she did such a good job so there's a lot
of improvin this scene here comes
Patrick he's gonna do the flag-waving he
had to go through rehearsals for this
like crazy like hours and hours of
rehearsal to learn that like little
routine and actually Jim Steve had to do
it too so Steve went to a lesson too and
he actually learned like a pretty
complex routine and we were like no no
no Uncle Jim shouldn't be good at this
and so then he just like marched in a
circle holding the stick we're like yeah
that's better so he like Steve actually
went to like hours of rehearsal and
we're like wait you don't want him to
know how to do this it should look like
Patrick's really good and then Uncle Jim
was like an idiot
there's a lot of stuff in the house
that's based on stuff in my childhood
it's like the Merry Christmas sign on
the wall is the same when my mom has had
in her house like keep it up year-round
the chia pet heads behind my head and
the scene my mom made and had they're
like made out of tights
there's a lot of stuff in the house it's
like direct recreations of stuff from my
childhood
so there's a scene that was deleted from
this episode I'm just remembering
there's a scene later in the episode
that we took out where it's just Jim and
the three homeschoolers and they're
practicing it together he's teaching
them the routine they're all sweating
and he punches a hole in the wall and
like just as crazy scene but we didn't
need it so he took it out it was a funny
scene but it was just like a silly funny
scene there's no really story to it so
Patrick it's this moment between Patrick
in Miranda wasn't even supposed to be
like a moment like it just kind of
sometimes when you're in a scene like
stuff just happens and it's like
organically so this was supposed to be
just like Patrick make Miranda flow and
it goes
I'll build you the exact flow you're
hoping for Miranda and then round it
goes it better flow though and that was
just wispy end he left but when we
started acting it out what kind of just
like this like smirky smiling at each
other and there's this like cute little
moment between Miranda and Patrick which
wasn't scripted it was supposed to just
be like Patrick leaves so it's cool like
there's a few moments like that in this
show we're like when you just start
acting out the scene like stuff just
happens and that was one of them this is
all improv can I leave I'm bored like
that whole end of the scenes and cross
Emily's bedroom
we're in Emily's bedroom now sorry for
anyone who's just not joining I'm at 18
minutes and 30 seconds on Episode seven
of haters back off season 1 on Netflix
Emily's room is actually the baskin ease
room so we had a very small set season 1
so we had to like repurpose rooms so
Emily's room we just made sure we
finished all of Bethany scenes we took
out Bethany's room and then put Emily's
stuff inside so Emily does not have a
room yes what's wrong
she's been
now they're going to go into the garage
together and look at her artwork
Bethenny's looking at her paintings I
told you guys this before but Emily's
painting nook her little corner in the
garage
is based on a corner of the garage that
my brother actually had in my childhood
um my brother made a little corner in
her garage this garage is a literal
exact replica of the garage I grew up in
like my mom's garage looks just like
that and my brother had a little corner
that he cleaned out and made his little
our corner so now is the scene between
Patrick and Miranda where they're gonna
practice the parade flow and the sky
there's just a cool wide shot at the sky
and the sky was beautiful that day we
had to make it gray and ugly because
it's like a beautiful blue sky I love
this scene Miranda's looking for a place
to lid on - so she touches his shoulders
that scene was really hard for me to do
that your tummy's growling do you have
gas maybe I'm nervous
then I won't squeeze too hard because I
just think that those lines are so funny
and when we wrote that scene Christopher
and I said the lines out loud to each
other to like see if it was funny or if
we liked it and it was like so weird I
was like you brother and sister should
not be like doing these like love scenes
so you can't tell in this shot but the
sound of that like metal thing around
his bike was so loud like when we shot
it was so loud they fixed it when they
got into sound but it was really really
really loud and so that's why we're like
yelling I'm not saying this you couldn't
even hear so Ryan I just entered into
the garage
Miranda wants Emily to paint her flow so
this scene we just needed Miranda to
find out that Emily wanted to go to an
art school so that we could prep that
Miranda like sees the art and is like oh
that's not good I need to help her take
it into the school so we wanted you to
look like you know the end of this
episode I'm about to spoiler alert but
um this is all improv all the Curtin
stuff but um we wanted it to look like
Miranda did it maliciously
but then you find out later she's
actually trying to help because she
loves her sister and she knows how
important the art school stuff is to her
and she like Miranda genuinely wanted to
help her sister get an art school so
Bethany sang she's gonna go to the
parade Catherine Jessica looks so young
season one it's crazy
so Emily is like mom don't come back to
Keaney I don't have anything fun to say
about the scene I think this seems
pretty straightforward it's please just
scripted and simple goodbye Emily go to
your interview child oh I love this set
I hope I get to see it again
don't I get a season three sorry am I
not saying anything so you should go
just gonna take Hydrox
Oh Bethany and she's sent you that
actress love that all right so now we're
at the parade it was funny this parade
we wanted it to look like it was in like
a really lame town the small little town
like lame people but a lot of Canadians
are very attractive and so when we got
there there's like they're putting
extras that were like hot like hot men
like the front and I literally was like
get that hot man off my set
cuz I don't want any hot guys here like
I don't like I know that's like horrible
to say but I was like it was distracting
because it's like this dinky lame little
parade in this stinky Lane little town
and have this hot hunky man stand there
it was like that's just where your eye
goes so as I found it distracting so
like I can leave they're really hot next
back all right so the inside of the
parade float we shot on different day
obviously so instead of the parade
floats actually where Patrick's pedaling
is shot on our set it was actually video
of it if you look I think the video is
called Patrick's big day on my psycho
soprano channel um it's Patrick we shot
all that in so we shot all the outside
so Patrick actually wasn't even there
the day we shot the parade it's like so
all this parade stuff um Eric wasn't
there that day
I'm just hasn't checked Twitter in a
while and I feel like I'm like I just
sit here like this isn't even my Jimmy
anyone what else
this scene took all day like we were
there so long this was a really hard
scene to shoot this whole great stuff so
Bethenny Angela's hair is blonde when we
dive around for the show and it was
fading and this is near the end of the
shoot because we're in episode 7 so it's
one of the last things we did and her
brown hair dye was coming out and her
hair was starting to look blondish
reddish and so they were putting
like a black powder in her hair in
between takes like on her scalp and in
her hair to make it look darker which
was just such a panda but so anyway
Keith is sitting on that woman in a
wheelchair slap Bethany's looking sad
because she just want cotton candy calm
Bethany
okay so Jim is about to perform his
little performance for the pretty fish
sauce I think Jim is so good on these
things
oh my gosh I love Steve at all so yeah
there was there used to be a scene in
Sep set where he was teaching them all
how to do this dance and they're all
like drenched in sweat and say get your
hands I game he's extrema at them and
then like he grabbed him the flags
pulling on it stuck on something and
then he finally gets it to go and it
like slams through the wall and punched
a big hole in the wall there's actually
I think a scene in episode 8 where you
can see the hole in the wall and even
this season when we got there I was like
why is there a whole stone wall we need
to patch this up so Jim's got to do the
Liberty tone hello
just how lame this brave look roasted in
tea in I love the judges faces it's so
great I don't know why I just love
looking I loved casting and having like
average looking people in my show
because I don't like new watch TV shows
or movies and everyone just looks
perfect and like a perfect society's
version of perfect I'd rather see like
real people who look freaking and real
and like I don't know so it was very
important to me
to cast people and feature people who
weren't like hot models nothing against
hot models just like I wanted people to
look more real and relatable so this
scene between Marina and Jim where
they're like talking was longer and
there is Jews much longer originally I'm
here fighting the Sun the entire time
the Sun was setting or you know if you
have to get this scene it was crazy but
um they originally had to improv all
this crazy stuff and it was really funny
but it's just like a little too cartoony
like she like I Chi was into it I think
like the way he did marine was like
trying to kiss back and like I feel like
maybe they did kiss at one point I don't
remember they like improv crazy stuff so
this is me it was supposed to be a stunt
double who's getting into the but of the
parade float but I did that so we shot
this scene in on the set all the little
ashes you see floating through the air
and the thing are we're done in
post-production so that smoke that you
see the little bit of smoke was in there
but most of the smoke and the ashes we
added later I love the scene you're
sweating really hard so are you pantry
then they're kind of keys
I was so nervous for the seen kissing
seems our awkward guys like it was so
nerve-racking like I can't even tell you
like I feel like anyone who's an actor I
guess no because other people have
talked to when I've asked like is are
kissing scenes weird for you they're
like no it's like it's nothing but for
me like I don't know why it's just
uncomfortable I guess just cuz I haven't
kissed many people so like even when I'm
acting it's like it's just like weird to
kiss one kissing someone in front of
like a bunch of people and like I don't
know was weird but I love the way that
seemed her notice one of my favorite
scenes the pre-closing okay so anyway
now we're in the scene where emily is
showing off her artwork and we shot this
at the hospital so
the hospital that you saw in episode 6
where Patrick and Bethany got stabbed
and they go to the hospital
we this was in the bottom floor of the
hospital I love this shot how it like
swoops around over his shoulder to
reveal that Miranda room art I actually
did that art though with the spaghetti
like I actually put that on there
the other ones that our department made
but the one with the Miranda face I made
oh Emily it's where it's so sad
okay we did one yeah my cat was on my
pillow I just thought oh my god oh sorry
we did it we did episode 7 so now it's
time for episode 8 I can't believe some
of you are still watching so I'll try to
do it faster I just have so much to say
so I just like talk forever I'm sorry
so I'm gonna watch episode 8 now or
anyone who is just now joining which I
have II doubt I'm sure all I've gotten
was just a bunch people signing out but
for those if anyone who is just now
joining we're watching episode 7 and 8
of haters back off season 1 to prep and
get ready for season 2 coming out and
I'm telling you all this week and all
the drama from season 1 this is it oh my
god this is it ok so I'm doing then uh
I'm it's like hitting me so I'm doing
episode 8 right now and then I'm done
doing season 1 and then season 2 comes
out tomorrow night at midnight fully
shite that's crazy so um I'm gonna look
at my Twitter really quick and answer a
couple questions before we do episode 8
Johnson Lynn's said I love roast Oh said
I just joined because I just got home
from Dance that's awesome episode 8 time
it took a year so the hashtag is it took
a year Lacey said
the Parade Float make an appearance in
season two you know what I'm gonna give
you guys spoilers because the show comes
out tomorrow night
and if anyone is still watching you are
a superfan and I love you and thank you
for still watching so you made it this
far now you get spoilers and I will say
the Parade Float
does make an appearance in season two so
you heard it here first
your Superman you are hearing it befall
out of my ass
so let me tweet out on the link one more
time episode eight come watch the
episode oh na na and entires
hashtag what is it it took a year to
okay sorry sorry no okay so I just
tweeted that out okay I'm gonna read a
couple tweets while waiting for people
to join in
Kairi said you have any favorite
episodes in season two I love episode 4
and I love episode 5 and I think episode
4 might be my favorite the episode 5 is
really great too they're all good but
it's like um I can't say much but yeah
episode 4 I really really like fearless
Fridays Dave Gunn said already watching
had a long day and needed a laugh off
thanks I hope you're able to laugh Gus
Gus is like purring up the kidney
because he loves him
ok let's see @h lien xox at our season
two froze toast different than season
one flavor no it was the exact same
flavor and we tried to make it a little
bit different because I got so sick
season 1 eating them because they're
full of sugar and they're not good for
you and they don't taste great but we
couldn't change it because it changed
the color if we changed the recipe and I
wanted the color the exact foods
handsome we didn't change it okay
look drama yeah that's absolutely
phenomenal so Alex said as an art major
that part maybe cry so hard yeah I know
that it was really devastating I love I
love that though I like when shows I
turned on you suddenly you're watching a
comedy and then all of a sudden you're
like wait why am I upset why am I like
crying I don't know why I like that but
I do obviously it's all in my show okay
so we're about to watch episode eight
but I'm gonna Israel my question okay
where you said tell us another premier
instead or tip from HBO to translate
okay another insider
oh my gosh Gus and the cat are fighting
get ready you're gonna hear
hey Gus Gus he he like gets mad because
she won't let him clean her hey guys
stop it
he gets mad because he wants to clean
her and then she wants to get away so he
like bites her to pin her down to clean
her he loves her he's obsessed with her
but then she's a pain and whines ok
another insider little secret from
episode 2 Gus was supposed to be in
season 2 got cut so that's an insider
secret another insider secret there
let's see I'm trying to think I'm trying
to think of a good insight a secret how
about this uh Miranda and her
relationships gone a crazy rollercoaster
ride in season 2 but Miranda is not the
only main character that has
relationship drama instance into I guess
it's not a very good spoiler I'm sure
you could have assumed bad but like one
of my favorite storylines about our
relationship is not between Miranda and
someone else it's between another
character I can't even tell you is
whether like I said it spoilers I'm
sorry okay Lex just watched episode so
we're gonna start episode 2 episode 8
right now
together okay so here we go so Imran is
making a video so this is not a real
video this doesn't exist online we
wanted it to be a video that Miranda
didn't post like some rhymes making a
video and she's like this sucks I don't
want to do this video so she's made her
Jin says he doesn't like it
so it's moran is doing socks and sandals
gym really once granted so in this room
just generally one supposed to free boys
clothes in video Miranda's I'm
interested but in this scene you can see
like the porcelain dolls I think I might
have said this before but I used to
collect porcelain dolls so that was
something I requested to be in Brandon's
room um
the jacket behind me in the scene is
they'll pay where my BAE's a pink jacket
that I wear all the time
so I hid things that like you guys might
recognize or know from my videos all
over the house so that's one of them you
see the where my BAE's at jacket I wear
it all the time I've worn it in a lot of
it I worked on a BMA or a red carpet I
worked on some red carpet that pink
jacket I love that Miranda's closet door
has no door or that whereas closet has
no doors
Emily Emily Miranda where Emily is
packing to leave
Miranda stupid coffee so my head Miranda
genuinely was trying to help Emily poor
Emily she's great in this scene
it seems so sad
I'm Jonathan have anything to tell you
look how much I look like Colleen in
this like I look like me I don't even
look like Miranda that was something I
noticed when I watched season 1 I was
like wait
Miranda looks like me a lot of the time
so season 2 I tried really hard to make
sure he didn't look like Emily room so
my goal was to like or our goal I guess
as writers was to like make you kind of
hate Miranda and then turn around and
feel sorry for her so it was really hard
to do and in some cases we didn't do it
like there's some people like I hate her
like I don't like her I think she
deserves it
but that's one scene where I do feel
sorry for the character like in my heart
like I've had a lot of experience in my
past with well I won't get into that but
I did I feel like I feel really sorry
for Miranda no saying I'll just say that
like I think it's really sad that she's
just she is she's just dumb and she was
trying to help and she didn't mean to
mess up and she didn't mean to ruin
Emily's life and she did an Emily called
her dumb and and she was trying to do
something sweet for her sister her
sister called her stupid and said she
ruined her life and I just think that
that's what starts Miranda's spiral into
destroying her own life was her sister
like the whole show I'm gonna posit
don't I what this was saying I met four
minutes and five seconds so pause it
there but I like the whole season the
whole show starts off with Emily and
Miranda like there's a conflict between
Emily and Randa Emily wrote in the first
episode a mean comment on Miranda's
videos it said don't ever tell anyone
I'm your sister and promises we
it's like I won't ever let anyone know
you my sister I love you and like I'm
protecting you
it's essentially what was going on in my
head and so the whole season Ryan and
Emily aren't best friends but they love
each other they're sisters and like
Rachel and I are best friends like
Rachel's is my best friend she's my
sister but growing up we didn't get
along um I was not a nice big sister to
her I didn't like her really I was mean
to her I bullied her um but I loved her
and I protected her and I would do
anything for her
and I kind of feel like that's how
Brandon Emily are like their sisters and
they love each other and they'll protect
each other
but they don't get along um and so in my
head Miranda even though she didn't like
Emily she was doing everything she could
to protect her sister or the whole
season and at the end she saw oh my
sister wants to get into this art school
this I see that she's always painting
she loves art this is her dream but her
paintings aren't good enough and if she
wants to get in the school I can help
her do that cuz I'm talented at
everything so I'm gonna help her art and
then so Miranda genuinely was like my
sister's gonna be so excited that I got
her into art school I make her dreams
come true that's how Miranda thought and
then to have her sister be like you're
stupid and I hate you and you ruined
everything and I never wanna see you
again was devastating for my character
and so then after that Miranda goes
kinda goes into a spiral and just starts
going bananas you know so like that's
the first thing that happens and then
she sees Owen and um you know kind of
starts to destroy the relationship with
Patrick and then she fires her uncle and
then she's just pissed and just bratty
and then she's destroys her life and I
in my head that's what starts the spiral
for her so it was hurting the
psychological weirdness of the show but
um through four minutes and six seconds
then pushing play no so now we're
outside with Patrick and Miranda in the
front yard and he gave her a froze rose
she doesn't understand why he gave her
rose
you should look dead the llamas I hate
those rose to us some rain is finally
agreed to go on a date with Patrick and
she's playing hard to get and I think
right at this point really does like
Patrick that she doesn't want him to
know she's very very hardened again in
my head Miranda has been like hurt by
men in her past and so she like doesn't
trust men so she puts on this like guard
like she doesn't care about anything or
anyone but really I don't think she's
aware of this by the way I think this is
just what I explained in my own brain so
Owen just arrived and he's blowing his
locks about Owen is based on just like a
bunch of guys that I knew in school and
a church and stuff so I guess like kind
of nice it's kind of dumb guy who thinks
he's God's gift to the planet we all
know those guys so he calls Miranda
Amanda and it's yesterday actually I was
out and I was shopping or two days ago I
was shopping for my dresses and the
woman who checked me out was like you're
Amanda right and I was like yes maybe
laughs because Owen calls Miranda
so Patrick's got to pop that bubble okay
and the guy who played Owen was really
sweet who's a lot like Owen but like way
nicer he's just like a really really
sweet cool guy he's done a lot of work
with like Disney I think I feel like he
was just in like some Disney movie his
shirt says gay nerd at Community College
gay nerd was the last name of our
director Andrew gay nerds
so Marana is to subsist becoming famous
she's very passionate about her global
to become famous so even though she does
like and care about Patrick she wants
Owen because he's like what she thinks
she should be with in her famous world
huh I'll get into that I guess later
when we get some more into that's so
Miranda is walking into the house just
past the banana and Jim is filming
secretly trying to get a viral video I
love this scene Eric Stockland hair
grows really fast so I feel like it
happened this season to you'll see but
if you compare like the first episode of
the last episode his hair is like an
inch longer
I just noticed how long's hairless
things this scene was a lot of improv
Rena finally agreed to go on a date with
me I think that's so good
I love that Jim is like I love that is
there any activity she went enjoyed any
shadow like immediately I will say
spoiler alert I don't think he talked
about the daddy saddle at all in season
2 I like not that I can remember
annoying no we don't talk about it like
it's in but I don't think we bring it up
like I can't remember a moment but maybe
I'm wrong
if I got her a dinosaur bounce house but
that's the wrong message and Steve goes
yes he improv that it's so funny
Miranda's pissed
cuz Owen got me say applause theater and
Jim told her that the Apostle Peter was
impossible to get into
she's such a brat bran is such a brat he
seems there's a lot of people in
Hollywood who are like I've been doing
this for so long how come I'm not famous
by now which is like here comes the
bananas Lichfield that is obviously not
me that was my body Devils who was
amazing my stunt double um she was so
incredible and we had the same I had the
same sent double this season but anyway
um I loved that moment with Miranda
because it's not uncommon like a lot of
people in Hollywood
I've been working really hard how go I'm
not famous yet and if you have that
attitude it's not gonna happen
like you have to just keep working hard
and be grateful for the opportunities
that come your way um anyway blah blah
blah could anyone who's just joining
we're watching episode 8 of season 1 of
haters back off right now and I'm
telling you about all the secrets
so Bethenny's finally decided to come
and tell Emily that she has a kidney
disease and that her kidneys failing but
Bethany has spent her whole life faking
illnesses and faking fibromyalgia and
faking carpal tunnel and faking anything
she can to get attention that now that
she's a real disease people don't
believe her
like Emily doesn't think she's being
serious so Emily just said I'm moving oh
my dad we haven't talked about Miranda's
dad the whole season this is the first
time that we're hearing and all you know
from Bethenny right now
she says he's not a good man that's all
we know about Miranda status banking he
said he's not a good man and Emily's
moving in with him you might want to
remember that there's macaroni all over
Emily's backpack she's moving out so
Bethenny's about to take her drugs life
is getting stressful starting to take
more than she should
Oh Bethenny she's not taking mine she
sure she's just taking her meds look
like she took a vitamin to be honest she
said those vitamins were nasty so she
hidden under her tongue and she didn't
actually swallow them okay so here we
are at the day of FOSS theater this girl
was great the woman that played the
light ticket booths lady we shot this
scene where Miranda comes in is like hey
I need to perform here that day applause
we film the scene at like 2:00 in the
morning in five minutes that's why I
think it looks kind of not great like I
think this scene is one of the ones that
like doesn't look the best at least we
literally shot in five minutes
it was insane this day was really hard
for me this day was a day we shot all
the theater scenes at the theater so
this is end of the day but this day was
really hard for me because I found out
this day this is probably TMI I'm not
interesting at all but I found out that
day that I had to stay in Canada for
post-production and I love Canada I love
Vancouver but I was under the impression
that I got to do post production and
editing and all that stuff in Canada but
I'd be mostly in LA so like I'd fly out
for like a couple days and then I'd be
in LA for most the time and go for a
couple days then but I mostly be just
moved back to LA but this day they gave
me the schedule and I looked at it and I
looked at them are like
wait this has me working every single
day for three months in Canada like
mm-hmm and I was like you told me that I
could be living in Los Angeles tonight
well you can but we're gonna be working
here every day so so I was like oh my
god and I remember this day was like I
was I'm telling you the backstage scoop
but I was like really sad this day
because I thought I was gonna go home in
a couple of days and move back to Los
Angeles and see all my family and
friends again and I had just found out
that I like actually needed to stay in
Canada for three more months and I was
so homesick but I love Canada
I love Vancouver I love living there I
just like I just didn't I was my mind
wasn't prepared that I was going to live
there for three months so whenever I
watched scenes from this that's what my
mind goes to is like finding out that I
wasn't gonna see you know family
princess often as I thought I was going
to so hear about Patrick is getting
ready for the big date hello and welcome
to our date the popsicle stick mountain
on the wall I love that possible signal
little Patrick here we go Bethany is
folding laundry and her kidneys are
hurting her so the claws on the lamp in
the scene like are they took from
reference from my mom's room that's what
she does with her hair cause she like
sticks into lamps and then the thing on
the wall the like weird mouth thing is
something that I made when I was like 9
or 10 and it's in my mom's room and they
recreated it and put it in there so
anyway Bethany is in pain and hurting I
don't have anything interesting to say
anyone news joining us live here right
now sorry this is so boring this is for
like hardcore haters back off fans think
you're gonna be bored but I'm just
talking about haters back off and behind
the scenes information on the episodes
and for watching episode arena
Bethany took margrove Orakei knee that
is failing
and Jim is on the ground well Jim had
the right idea for once that idiot had a
good idea which was to post the free
voice lesson video which was my very
first viral video so we just had him
listing all of my fav some of my top
viewed videos cinnamon challenge
Slurpees
so Miranda is getting cocky I think this
is one of my worst scenes as far as
acting goes I'm not happy with my
performance in it I just feel like I'm
like all I had to do was go to that
theater and he loves me
you're just jealous because I'm in love
like I just feel like I don't do the job
acting the scene so Emily just came in
and Emily tries one last thing one last
time to do something nice for so she's
like you might have a misunderstanding
Emily's trying to protect her and Moran
is really hurt from earlier in the day
when Emily was free to her so Miranda's
like snatch to her sister but to me
everyone's like Miranda's so mean to
emily in the scene I'm like yeah but
Emily was so mean earlier in this
episode to Miranda so she's pissed at
her sister I'm just looking at your
tweets as I'm tongueless so Emily's
leaving the room goodbye Emily get out
of here I'm not I don't looking
character at all right there oh my gosh
I can't wait for you guys to see season
two because Marin is like a different
person right I feel like marina in
season two is the Miranda you see on
YouTube like just really like onion so
distorted and like just like really over
the top in season one it was much more
subtle I don't thing one is better than
the other they're just different so here
we are at the theater and Owen is
warming up his guitar Moran is coming
down soon April comes in she was so
sweet like one of the sweetest girls I
think I've ever met in my life that girl
Miranda is literally the dumbest person
in the world this scene this hole
anything with like Owen was so hard to
write because it was hard to get it to a
point where it didn't feel like corny
like he was being really malicious thing
to us Owen was just like a dumb guy who
like genuine was like this girl's funny
I'm gonna put her on stage but it was
hard to make it not sound super
malicious but anyway this scene it was
there's so many elements to this episode
that was so hard for us to come up with
like how would Miranda think that the
proposals for her like Miranda's really
dumb to think that the proposals for her
like it's almost it's a little
unbelievable but like Miranda so dumb we
get away with it
Miranda thinks the proposals for her and
Owen the scheme domini so Miranda thinks
her life is going well because her life
started spiraling out of control so she
took everything into her own hands oh my
gosh this green screen is so rough so
now we're gonna like with Patrick he's
waiting for Miranda and he's obviously
shot this in front of a green screen and
it looks so crazy the green screen is so
it's a
so weird - canceling on Patrick
so my side of the phone conversation we
shot these obviously like a week apart
and so my side I was reading it with our
ad our ad was reading the lines so he's
just like reading them and I'm like
trying to act this is really awkward for
Patrick I was sitting in a chair like 20
feet from him saying my line so he could
actually act with me
um but we shot his scene at like 3:30 in
the morning I think and mine was maybe I
don't remember one line was Miranda such
an idiot
Miranda here I can Randa does like
Patrick a lot she just said it look I
like about Drake she really wants her
number one love is her career like
Miranda wants to be famous she's
passionate about it she thinks she's
destined to be famous so she'd do
anything for that but on top of that
she's taking advantage of the fact that
she knows Patrick will always be there
for her so she knows Patrick will be her
friend and be in her life no matter what
so she said well I can put me and
Patrick's relationship on the back
burner while I'm making furthering my
career and then eventually maybe Patrick
and I can be together but right now I
need to focus on being with Owen because
he's more famous I don't think she's
expecting Patrick to say like no I'm not
gonna be a friend I want nothing to do
with you um I don't think Patrick was
expecting that either I feel like you
can see in Patrick's face he's surprised
with himself that he finally said
goodbye to Miranda that green screen
it's just rough um all right so
Miranda's looking at the engagement ring
putting it on I think I love that shot
because I just see the desperation in
this dumb girl like she knows she just
ruined her life I don't know I love that
shot when I put the ring on my finger I
just
like Mike Miranda you dumb Epps likes
and you can see it in her face I think I
feel like you when you looking around
they're like oh she knows she she's
screwing up so Owens about to sing a
song for his dog so I think Miranda with
the own situation I guess I kind of just
explained it but I think she'd like her
number one passion is her career and so
she loves you know she loves her career
more than anything else in the world so
she will do anything to further her
career and so that's why she's so
willing to drop Patrick for I don't
think she's willing to drop Patrick I
think she just thinks Patrick will be
there for her regardless of what the
situation so anyway Jim just walked in
so Jim is about to tell her that he's
uploaded her free boys listen video I
love the scene I think Steve did such a
good job on the scene he looks so hurt
when Rena fires him on fire so I think
Korra in there Cory said something
really interesting once when we were
editing this episode he was like I feel
like all of the characters got what they
deserved a lot of people watch this show
and watch episode 8 and say Miranda got
what she deserved she brought it on
herself what she did but he was like
they're all to blame you know Jim's
cockiness and you know being obsessed
with making her famous and how cocky he
is about everything and not getting a
job to help the family and just being so
consumed
with himself and how amazing he is as a
manager a bit him in the but he got
fired
Patrick doting on a girl who walks all
over him and constantly is hurting him
in choosing other things over him bit
him in the butt he got his heart broken
Bethenny
faking illnesses her whole life to get
attention faking fibromyalgia of faking
carpal tunnel faking these illnesses
that are real illnesses that people have
better than a buck because she got a
real illness and now no one cares and no
one believes her and Emily
what was the Emily one oh Emily was did
he say about Emily Oh
Emily wanted so desperately to hide that
she hide her family and she was ashamed
of her family which is wrong to be
ashamed of the people that are closest
to you in your life if and so Emily was
ashamed you worked so hard to hide her
family from everyone and then a bloop in
her face and everyone found out who her
real family was and then when her family
was trying to help her she lashed out at
them and like her life fell apart so
kind of every single one of these
characters has to learn a lesson in the
show and I think that's why I was
passionate about the show I like the way
we wrote the show so much it's like that
you get to see characters as crazy as
they are have to deal with the things
that they do wrong in their life it's
not like oops I made a mistake and then
at the end of the episode like
everything's all better it's real life
sometimes you have to live with the
consequences of the horrible mistakes
you make in your life and you have to
learn from them and become a better
person because of your mistakes and so
yes it does look like Miranda is the
only one who made the biggest mistakes
and she's one of stated consequences but
really I was in one of these characters
um goes through something and has to
learn from their mistakes in their past
I'll block the quarry said that when
we're editing this episode and I was
like whoa there was talks of us when I'm
doing when we did this scene there was
talks with me doing it well like singing
it on key like doing it well so there
you're kind of in Miranda's head so the
director really one of that the director
was like can please do tape where you
sing it really really well and you sing
beautifully so we're kind of hearing
what Miranda Kerr's and
head and I was kind of okay with that
but Chris was like I don't think they
should do that that doesn't make any
sense because Miranda does think she
sounds good she does so I kind of did it
like a little bit on pitch in the
beginning and then like messed it up
later but the scene is sad so Miranda
has got to get her one heartbroken
anyone who's just joining I'm watching
episode 8 of haters back off and tell
you behind the scenes information so
he's about to propose to April and
Miranda has literally just given up
everything in her life to be with Owen
she fired her uncle she broke up with
Patrick she yelled at her sister and is
like f you I don't need you anymore get
out of my life I'm gonna be with Owen
she has exploded her life the only
person she has left is her mom she's
exploded her life because she thinks
she's gonna be with Owen and she's gonna
be famous and now that's exploding in
her face literally the worst case
scenario I haven't actually since so
long trying think of anything to say
about the scene audience laughing at
Miranda I love that line why is it funny
that someone would love me
I remember when one of our writers said
that line in the writers room and I was
like oh my god that line is so good
originally when I turned my head right
there I go why is this unfunny that
someone would love me originally I would
turn my head to own and I said I love
you like creepy
let me take that out so this will scene
we took the audio out that's not how
it's supposed to be when you're editing
the scene we couldn't get it to be right
like we were just like what's wrong I'm
the scene there was a screaming going on
it was crazy and then we couldn't figure
out what song you wanted so we turned
off the audio of us all talking and
screaming and me crying and just had the
music playing and I was like this is
brilliant and so I loved that scene with
no audio of the dialogue this is the
last scene we shot when they throw me
out and I'm crying in the rain this is a
very last scene a shot of the whole
season and I was bawling I was so sad it
was like 3:30 or 4:00 in the morning the
rain was freezing cold so we knew went
before we wrote the show we knew we
wanted it to start with Miranda making a
video and having no Fame but she had her
family and we knew we wanted the season
to end with Miranda finally finding fame
which is her viral video but she pushed
everyone away she liked to kind of bring
up the questions people like what is
more important like look at what is
important in your life and what are you
doing and who are you stepping all over
to get what you want it's like a really
important lesson to learn in Boileau
Miranda had to learn to hardly just
screwed herself over the scene of Emily
at the bus stop was shot at the hospital
oh my god this part makes me cry when
she calls Patrick all that cello line he
did this in one take they're ripping up
an opossum six
poor guy he got splinters all inside his
fingernails from that like he was like
bleeding you did it to yourself
Miranda but I actually do feel really
bad for Miranda like everyone has a
different feeling I'm curious know what
you guys think like tweet me but did you
feel sorry for Miranda did you think she
deserved it what do you think at the end
of this season oh my god just fell while
she was sleeping I feel sorry for
Miranda I love this scene I'm probably
gonna be quiet while I watch this team
there's between Bethany hold on I'm
gonna pause it so we can all watch it
together okay so if you're just not
joining or if you have been watching
with me but might be a different time
codes I'm at 30 minutes in 29 seconds
this episode is long 35 minutes that's a
really long episode they are not that
long season two is spoiler alert so I'm
at 30 minutes and 29 seconds and this is
a scene between me and Angela where I
come home and Miranda's life has fallen
apart like she's destroyed her life the
only person left in her life is her mom
and she's taking it out on her mom you
know when you just in a bad mood and he
takes it out on people who are closer to
you whether it's your mom or your
boyfriend or your dad or whoever so
that's what's happening right now so
Moran is just like mom why weren't you
there this is all your fault like which
is completely irrational insane but
Bethany finally explodes at her and I
love this scene and when I read this
scene the first time Christopher at the
scene and um the first draft of it and
when I read it I cried like I remember I
was sitting on my couch reading it and
there was a people everywhere and
they're just tears falling on my face
I loved the end of this scene when she
leaves and we will say I say fine this
is fine and then I was very like fine
like that's in the script and when I
read it in the script I cried I was like
this is so sad
and Christopher my brother's just a
brilliant writer like he's all of our
writers are amazing but like Christopher
is
exceptional and he's really good at
writing comedy but also really pulling
at your heart strings using subtlety and
I think he did such a good job with this
the fact that the scene is like Miranda
I'm dying and there's all these sad
things being said but when I read the
script the word fine is what made me cry
just the thought of this girl destroying
her own life and she's fun of her mom is
dying and she's alone in the house
dripping wet and all she can say is fine
like I don't know why that made me cry
but I just I think it's great so anyway
episode 8 season 1 here's back off I'm
at 30 minutes at 29 seconds I'm gonna
push play 1 2 3 how we can watch
together I just looked like me in the
scene I don't look like my end of the
scene was so hard to do
they took before each take I'd stand
outside and they would spray any
drenched with water and I was like
shivering shaking freezing cold it was
Kalamata it's really hard to do a scene
with someone like Angela and I got
really cool season one like we're very
good friends and she's helping me
through so many like like I mean she was
like my mentor the sweetest most amazing
woman from a season one like really was
just a caring lovely wonderful friend
and so to have someone you care about so
much who loves you and you love them
look you in the eye and scream all you
care about is yourself and throw pills
in your face and say I'm dying like you
don't like you like how do you cry when
you're acting like well that's how you
know like I love this line wolves line
climb
I'm not I'm not a Mississippi being like
oh I'm such a good actress I'm giving it
to grace like Christopher is such a good
writer I love that it's so sad so you
have this scene where I'm at the
computer is the senior shot right before
the Maureen the mattress clean scene in
episodes on my parents were here this
day that I'd shot the scene well man I
was a mess I was asabi mess so you guys
want to know a secret
this show was not supposed to end with
the bicycle Bell so I'll get to that but
in his videos finally viral
in feelings come I hope y'all are
watching some really excited to talk
about season two you're up at this you
use it going up I love the music season
one so pretty I love that all the videos
related videos are about dogs in season
two I tried hard to like put fun things
and those other thumbnails so you'll see
those
the girl we milked this scene so long
all right that's the end so let's talk
the tea so I am shocked that any of you
are still here but if you aren't still
here and what up girl I'm nervous to
even look the numbers because I feel
like it'll say zero viewers because I
doubt and when still watching if you are
you are super hardcore here's a fan and
I love you and thank you but yes so
basically this show was not supposed to
end with the bicycle Bell I don't know
if I've already told you guys this maybe
I already have but I'm about to there's
a bell I'm just checking here Thanks so
here okay so um when we wrote the script
originally the idea was Miranda's alone
in her room high and wide shot like it
was and she's referred all you can hear
is the click of the mouse and click like
so before we'd written anything before
we'd even written some of the characters
word written literally any storyline at
all all we knew was the show starts with
Miranda uploading a video show ends with
Miranda getting a viral video but she's
all alone and all you hear is the
clicking of the mouse and it's sad and
that's all I knew that I wanted and that
was very important to me so got that
shot when he wrote the script I read it
and I was like if we don't get a season
2 rant everyone's gonna think Miranda
simile
killers all that for this episode like
it's so sad like we can't end it like
this we can't end it with just nothing
like um like just sad and her she's
alone like I can't do that
so I wanted something hopeful at the end
so we threw around a few different ideas
we threw around like Miranda leaving and
running somewhere in the rain II don't
know where she's going we threw around a
bunch of different ideas but then
finally we came up with the idea of a
bicycle bell ringing at the end and then
it cuts to black and I loved that idea
but everyone was like no like go with
your gut and your insta
was to have the show and just sad and
just no bicycle Bell nothing and I was
like if we don't get a season two that's
so sad at least if we don't get a season
two and there's a bicycle bell
people can assume whatever they're gonna
assume you know that the bicycle Bell is
whether thinking it's Patrick or
something else or a dream or whatever
they want to think it is um at least
there's some hope at the end of the
episode so we had two endings we had
because I was no joke like I was it was
I was the only one who wanted the
bicycle Bell like everyone's like I
don't think we you don't think we need
it I think it's better to just leave it
sad it's more powerful like that's what
everyone said was more powerful so then
we're shooting the scene and I'm doing
the scene and I'm sad and we're doing it
and there's no bicycle Bell because it's
not in the script and the final script
it wasn't and there's no bicycle Bell
because they were we'd all decided okay
no bicycle Bell it's what we finally
decided and so then we're shooting and
shooting up like two hours and we're
about to move on and I run out of my
room and I run into video village where
like the director is my parents and
whatever and I was like hey can I please
do one with the bicycle Bell ending and
Andrew the director was like if you want
to I don't think we'll use it and I was
like just let me try it please and he
was like okay so I run back inside I'll
get myself worked up do the scene cry
and then like the ad is off ring ring
back and I just look up and then that's
the shot that we ended up using and my
director was like I love that let's do
it again so then we did it a couple more
times that way but the first time I did
it is the one that's in the episode and
the director was like we have both so
we'll just see and I didn't even know at
the time which one we would use I was
like okay at least I know we have it and
then when we were editing it you put it
in and once we saw everyone was like oh
yeah you have to put the bicycle on it
but how crazy would it be if we hadn't
have shot it like I cannot imagine I
mean I guess we could cut to black and
then had the bicycle bell but I like say
Miranda look up um but anyway you guys
tomorrow night at midnight are going to
find out what that bicycle
is and what happens so that was my mind
I cannot believe that all right let's
see what you guys are saying I'll hang
up for just a second more yeah st
Longstocking said the bicycle bell is
the best part it leaves us with a
hopeful question mark yeah I agree
I really like it um Jess because it does
season to start with the bicycle bone we
will see let's find out tomorrow
midnight I will say that season two if I
showed you the script of the first
episode of season 2 it is not the same
beginning as what we ended up using so
there are two full scenes that are not
there that were in the script that we
shot that we edited that were big scenes
that are no longer there for the start
of season 2 which is crazy I can't wait
to tell you guys about it in like two
days I'll be polite Jules said will you
continue this scene in season two I
guess we'll find out in very short
amount of time Ella Donovan said when
does season two of haters back off come
out in the UK it comes out everywhere
the same exact time so I think I don't
know what the time difference is right
currently but I think it's eight hours
ahead in the UK for me so that would be
8 a.m. for you on Friday morning
but just check if you search Google
search like what time is it in the UK
when it's midnight Pacific Standard Time
it'll tell you what time spookie Kate's
that I've been watching the election
since it started oh my god you're a
trooper thank you okay so this Exynos
question a lot
Carly said
in the first episode where she didn't
know what her show name would be who
YouTube channel name was mirandasings
awaits okay so this question I get asked
a lot and to me it was so obvious but I
guess like I'm an idiot because I get
this question all the time so it wasn't
obvious and I'm stupid so Miranda sings
in the first episode you see her YouTube
channel is called Miranda sings zero
eight and then in Episode four she's
trying to figure out what her last name
should be with her stage name should be
and then she thinks of miranda sings
mirandasings Oh 8 was not supposed to be
Moran dispersed and last name so it's
different the reason it there's
confusion is because YouTube used to be
a lot different than it is now back in
the day when I started doing Miranda you
didn't put your first and last name
which is why my channels are called
Miranda sings o8 which is the original
name of my channel
it wasn't right uh sings as Miranda
sings OE and psycho soprano and they
weren't called Miranda and then
Miranda's last name and Colleen
ballinger you made up weird names for
your YouTube channel so a lot of people
would put like andis games or Sophia
dances oh nine or like you would put
your first name and then what you liked
to do and so sings was not Miranda's
last name it was what she liked to do
and in 2008 2007 like that's what you
did you'd be like Miranda skates
Miranda crass Miranda like you put your
name and then your activity that you
enjoy doing and so to me when I made the
channel it was Miranda sings because
she's a singer and then Oh 8 because
that was the following year and I was
like oh maybe that's like the year she
graduated or I don't know I didn't put
much thought into it
but it was about to be 2008 when I made
Miranda so I just put a 8 but it wasn't
hurt it wasn't opposed to be her last
name and in my head that was so obvious
but why would I think that's obvious to
anyone but me only I know that so then
when she's coming up with the name of
what she what her last name should be
she wasn't thinking of her YouTube
channel name that would be it would be
the same as if like she'd be like her
YouTube channel name was Miranda let's
see she was a crafting channel Miranda
I'm Miranda beauty Oh eight why it
wouldn't be natural for her to be like
Oh obviously my last name should be
beauty but the reason it it doesn't read
that way to you guys is because you've
only known Miranda as Miranda sings
you've never known Miranda as Miranda
and her actual last name
you only know knows Miranda sings and
when you see the Miranda sings channel
you don't think it means Miranda likes
to sing you think it's her first and
last name so that's why it was so
confusing to everyone
and that was just my mistake because
when I see the Miranda sings channel I
don't see it as her first and last name
I see it as her first name and her
activity and her hobby like so in my
head it wasn't obvious that that was her
last name it was so anyway but I get
that question all the time before like
in the first episode it says Miranda
sings Oh ate it in the fourth episode it
looks like it's hard for you to come up
with your last name but you already know
your last name because it's an episode
one but it's not her last name so anyway
that was very long explanation but I've
seen that question a lot um be happy
said can you and Angela and Francesca
and Steve on Eric all I dreamed episode
one I wish I could probably get Angela
and Eric to do it
Francesca lives in New York City so I
don't ever see her and Steve is really
busy and just hard to get ahold of and
he doesn't have social media this like
isn't really his thing like he's just a
comedian and a great actor and focuses
on that so I don't know if I could pin
him down to do one but Eric and Angela
are usually pretty game Michael Bateman
said when Miranda was crying and yelling
at Bethany was that your actual voice
please respond kiss was my actual voice
I mean which make it misny so to
Regina said I always lose it when she
said why is it funny that someone would
love me she's just a little girl who
wants to be loved
I know so I'm sad spooky Dante's had
been here since beginning of the
livestream hey what up Thank You Isabel
said are you hoping for a season three
of course I am I think I'd be awesome to
have a season three and but I don't get
a say in that you know all I could say
it's like yeah we'd love to do one but
it just depends on the views and it
depends on if depends on a lot of things
it depends on if the views are really
good and it depends on if Netflix wants
to bring it back and it depends on if
you know Netflix would prefer to do this
show of over other shows you know
Netflix is a huge company that's super
super successful and they have so many
shows coming out constantly so they've
already given me two seasons and so it
might come to a point of them being like
well she had two seasons and they were
great but now you know we'd really like
to give this show a chance so let's put
money into this show instead or you know
I don't know I don't know what's gonna
happen all I know is that like I think
obviously it's helpful the more people
who watch season one and two the more
likely it is we'll probably get a season
three but I genuinely have no idea I
don't even know how it works like I I'm
shocked I think that a season two you
I'm so grateful for a season two so
we'll see we'll see what happens
sarah said are you gonna watch tomorrow
at midnight I think I am I'm really
nervous
I don't know if I'll be able to watch it
because I'm watching it on Friday night
I am throwing an event for like the cast
and for family and friends and like some
youtubers so I know I'm gonna watch two
episodes at that so maybe I'll wait to
watch it then I don't know looking for
questions on Twitter oh okay here's one
Leah said I feel like on season one you
looked about to break character a lot is
it gonna be like that in season two I
don't think so I don't think I break in
season two I definitely laugh a lot and
we have really funny bloopers from
season two I hope I get to post those
but um season 1 I I was constantly
breaking I couldn't hold it together
because season 2 I feel like I did a
better job I don't think I ever break it
season 2 on camera I don't think you'll
see that Bri said what to teach you
today I collab with RC LGTB today it was
really fun she's really sweet so I want
to ask if I were in the haters back off
accounts I do not there are people at
Netflix who run those accounts so last
year I was like a little bit more
involved with the social media stuff
like I would post up on their social
medias but this year I'm not involved at
all so everything they're posting is
just like their marketing team doing all
of that fun stuff how many episodes is
Joey in is in one episode
Oh JD savage said I feel like you did
look more like you than Miranda because
in your perfectly straight hair in the
show well the reason we did that is
because I want to run to have messy
crazy hair but there's something called
continuity and it's really hard to have
my hair is not predictable so like when
it's curly it's like sometimes really
curly and sometimes kind of kinky and
sometimes like just no way to know
what's gonna do so if we're shooting a
scene and we're shooting like this half
of the scene on this day and the two
weeks later we're shooting the second
half the scene but my hair decided to be
really curly the first day and then not
really is really the second time then my
hair wouldn't match in those two scenes
and it would look like those Shawn
different days so trying to think of
hairstyle that I could do as Miranda
that would look consistent throughout
the whole season and also would match my
family so I have to look like my sister
and my mom and they both have straight
hair
well Francesca's a little so I was like
if we all have stick straight hair it'll
make us look more related and then we
won't have to worry about continuity so
that's why we did the stick straight
here I'll answer one more
hmm Nevada I can't Connolly said in your
opinion what season is better that is a
very hard question to answer and I don't
think I can't answer it um they are so
different they are so different so I
can't really pick a favorite season one
is my baby like season one is something
I worked on for like seven years or
something insane like so season one is
so near and dear to my heart and like
the storylines and like you know that I
wanted to start in with what I said 18
times in this video is legend I knew
about that for so many years and so to
see that come to life and it was such a
dream come true the whole like the whole
experience like I the amount of times I
went home and just cried because I
couldn't believe my dreams were coming
true during season 1 season 1 is so
special to me and like so near and dear
to my heart but season 2 was such a
surprise I was like oh my god I came
before got a season two that we had to
make a lot of new things so season 1 it
was like we had been developing these
stories in his character for years and
years and years the season 2 is like
some stuff we've been developing for a
while but a lots of was brand new for me
so it's like younger and fresher and
different so season 1 is like really
like so close to my heart I can't even
tell you
season 2 is so special in so many
different ways like I feel like I worked
I feel like I put more work into season
2 you didn't season 1 so it's near and
dear to my heart because of that and
like I love this cast and I love this
story but it's just different like
season 1 is drier and like um more
awkward maybe and season 2 is like
crazier and quicker like quicker paced
and more happens like way more happens
and season 2 then it's season 1 so it's
just a lot faster I don't know that I
can pick a favorite they're just so
different like there are scenes from
season two that I'm like oh my
god that's incredible and their scenes
from the season one I'm like oh my god
it's an incredible side I don't know I
don't think I could pick a favorite
they're just they're just really
different they're very very very very
very very different um I don't think
take a big one and I said I always can
do on my but I don't cuz I can't believe
anyone's still watching Molly Catherine
here's a spoiler she said what season is
more emotional hmm I think season two is
emotional
they're both emotional but they're
emotional in different ways see I think
season two is more emotional I think it
is like oh man I don't give anything
away but the show does come out in like
30 hours 2030 hours so I feel like it
could maybe go something like um I also
I'll say yeah I think season she's more
emotional I think season 1 is more like
there's more like a gut-wrenching
emotional moments like it's not that bad
in season 2 but I will say that like I
remember one day on set it was one of
the last days on set and I can't really
want to say this I shouldn't say
anything but um and the misdirect yeah I
was the director came up to me he goes
man I feel like you've been crying every
day for weeks and he wasn't wrong so uh
yeah season she's really emotional um
but it's also really funny like so like
I don't know it's not like a drama like
seasons who's not a drama it's not like
just all emotional it's it's a lot of
funny stuff too so anyway I don't know
I'm gonna go but I love you guys and
thanks for watching this with me I
cannot believe how many of you are still
watching it's crazy but I'm so excited
for season 2 it comes out tomorrow at
midnight
Pacific Standard Time Oh McCall and I
hope you guys like it and even if you
don't like it please still be nice
but yeah I mean if we want to season 3
how I think is like through viewership
and ratings and stuff so like just watch
it with your family and your friends
tell people to watch it and give it a
good rating and give a good review and I
don't know if I'm allowed to say that or
if that's illegal or I don't know how
things work on the internet but let me
know what you think I think for the
first couple of days maybe be nice
because I'm really sensitive to it and
like just tell me if you like it and
then after a while you maybe can be more
critical but I feel like the first
couple days I'm just gonna be a basket
case so I really hope you guys like it
and I'm really nervous and I've worked
really hard on it and that's all love
you guys and I'll see you soon he's
watching
