alright I'm gonna try on some dresses so
you guys have to tell me what to wear
what's up everybody
I haven't blogged in weeks it feels like
there's a hair these are feel like a
hair dangling on your skin me I can't
find it that's happening here yeah
anyway today I thought I would vlog
because haters back off is coming out
and a couple of days I just AM doing
some fun stuff so I thought you guys
might want to come along today I am
doing a collab right now with a really
cool dancer because I'm a dancer oh I
bought a bunch of outfits cuz I'm doing
Jimmy Fallon and I'm doing a couple
other events but I need you guys to pick
my outfit and you're so good at that
I've had you come out
yeah I got the cute one there's like
tons of beautiful dresses and they're
not your average bullying look welcome
Omar I'm gonna go pretend to dance okay
it's much later Rachael's making me
watch sports you enjoy it
I love sports while she's watching
sports I'm gonna try on dresses all
right I'm gonna try on some dresses so
you guys have to tell me what to wear
one I need a dress for Jimmy Fallon the
premiere yeah and classy Brian and Kelly
so those are three outfits I might need
more outfits for other things while I'm
doing press out there all right so I'm
gonna try on outfits and you guys let me
know what you think I should wear to
what in the comments and tweet me
screenshots of the ones you like for
what
so those are the outfits and I want you
to pick one we are now doing games when
couple games
this week has been crazy I haven't been
vlogging because I've been getting ready
for so many things
I'm so excited about but one is my
haters back off season 2 premiere party
usually season two's don't get like you
know big like premiere with the red
carpet and all that stuff but I was like
you know what I worked so hard the
season I really want to do something cuz
I don't just like have the show come out
and just sitting at my house like I want
to like do something so hey I'm gonna
throw a party cuz it's mostly just my
family and my close friends it's a tiny
venue so I just thought havin do gift
bags so we're gonna put lots of fun
stuff inside the gift bags and we're
getting it all ready so we're gonna have
cheese balls and like weird fun stuff
like these are microphones like weird
stuff like that but we're just
frantically trying to get ready for this
thing so we're gonna bring Miranda's cut
out so people can take pictures with it
and I made these like posters from
things from the show season 2 exclusive
oh my god
unless Miranda eating a corndog see that
and season 2 and I put these little pros
to his popsicles on all the different
ones
here's another exclusive season 2 photo
so I've got these printed out on huge
poster boards a lot of fun vlogging
today please leave in the comments below
what your favorite dresses were I think
I'll have other press stuff that week
like next week so if there's any dresses
you like that I don't pick they might
show up on another show or another press
thing I don't know it's really fun for
me to have you guys picked outfits so
I'm talking a lot but I'm gonna go to
bed so pick an outfit leave it in the
comments below do and I'll see you
