most of y'all my kitten Craig what do
you want constant hi guys I think I said
my legs from starting at 8:00
it's definitely before 8:00 right now um
but I wanted to lash him because the
show comes out haters back off season 2
comes out in a week and a half and I
said I was in a live stream every single
episode last year and I didn't do it
and so there's still more to do um let's
see um hey can you guys I'm the worst
can you tweet me the link
hey Gus sometimes Gus plays too hard
with the kitten um god oh my god no that
way bad boy it was biting her Gus plays
too rough with her he like chases her
around and he's just playing but he gets
frustrated when she doesn't want to play
back and so he told me ok ok ok anyway
oh my god the longest most boring start
to a live stream ever Wow I mean talk
about cuz I'm a classic edge but I went
into a live stream and episode I need to
tweet out the link King's Lacey nice
doing really you are a belly where so my
daughter um so anyway
Gus is eating all of my kitten food
right now I want a live stream or an
episode but I need your guys's help
because I do not remember what the last
one was that I left shamed I thought I
just needed to do seven and eight but
because like I pulled up episode 6 but I
feel like I already did this episode
so tell me if I'm crazy and tweet me
right now let me know which episodes I
live streaming last year he were around
last year um you can not have talked
about your kitten whispers I know you
can't have talked about but you know I
know it's a hard life and your mom is
even talked about you can't hurt me he
sound good for a little kitten tummies
um is someone tell me which episode I
need to livestream so they don't know if
I need to have I live streamed episode
six thought I did but you know life is
so hard your life is so hard
hmm I'm so trashy like why did I start
my live stream the form writing like
it's been five minutes and all my
friends eating a taco and say I don't
know what I'm doing it's not working for
me yeah most people are saying I need to
do six seven and eight Dini
I thought I just need to do seven and
eight I know I'm a lot of who were
saying they're going to put that is late
I know I'm doing a live stream for you
late so you can totally go to bed please
do something went wrong is a live stream
looking then we need to live stream for
everyone election for slate I'm so
confused what episode do any live stream
right now y'all
we'll remember is I feel like I did
episode 6 ud6 okay saying ipv6 alright
so now that it's taking seven years to
explain myself everyone go to Netflix so
how does perks I haven't done this in a
year but how this works is and go on
Netflix and I'm on Netflix right now
it's all my TV over there and we'll
watch the episode together so we'll both
push play at the same time and McCardle
are tips so together and I'll tell you
behind the scenes like secrets and
snippets and whatever this is just for
like hardcore haters back off fans
because other people would be really
bored of this information I am gonna be
eating the entire time but okay so I
have a queued up so go to Netflix good
in Peters back off on Netflix with
episode six and queue it up get it ready
because we're gonna watch this thing and
so what happens is throughout keeps the
controller in your hands as you watch
this with me because I will tell you to
pause certain moments so that I can tell
you secrets about it oh man double
deckers was so good
alright my guys are queuing up this even
has me jumpy so worth liking it over
them wait what Carson said I didn't
watch him episode 5 I think I did it
runs like no I'm at school in a bad but
y'all you can watch it tomorrow
then here we go
it's queued up I'm hoping those already
cuz here we go we're doing this so
though them years back it was the six
we're gonna push play together the same
time one two three three boys in video
so this is I did word-for-word the whole
video exactly like how I did it
eight years ago nine days ago and this
was my first lateral video free voice
lesson really was a very first viral
video and they recreated the entire
background of the video I had the video
on on while they're shooting this and I
was like watching it and trying to get
my tone of voice to be the same exact
it's hard so I'm fast for any video
Randy's post I love Steve little the guy
who plays my uncle's the funniest man on
planet Earth funnies man yes so
something interesting about that bedroom
Moran is bedroom the walls are painted
blue we made it match some of my old
random videos the color exactly but then
when we were editing it the colors would
she write on the walls so we had to tone
it down in colour in the colour
correction sessions we took down the
colour of the walls to make it more dull
and then this season this isn't - we
just painted the walls two completely
different colors that we would have to
do that the Pops Clem holding in the
seam of Patrick is not real it's a fake
plastic possible so I'm like throwing it
around like this you can't notice like
if you notice I'm like talking like
because I don't want people notice that
it's fake a huge chunk of this scene got
cut out
only posit so I'm positive 159 I know
this scene was originally a lot longer
um
I'd give this like I go on and on and on
and on bajo excuse you and well on and
on and on about how upset I am in the
scene and then he says like instead of
me blink there's one moment where like I
asked him if he can teach me to be a
magician or something but originally in
the script I'm like I'm already magician
Ernie no hockey magic and then I do
magic tricks for him in the original
script and we shot it and we just took
it out who's the episode is too long but
I was like nice to me and then I click
squat down on the ground he don't like I
was doing all these stupid magic tricks
but the scene was just so long he cuts
it out girl you are desperate all right
flourish play no the magic trick is done
by my brother Christopher so when it's
closed up on my district that was my
brother Christopher his body I'm trying
to think of anything to tell you about
the scene that day at 8:50 popsicles was
very sick during the lunch breaks that
day I was like on the grass huddled up
in the fetal position like cranked up as
much paint all the popsicles I ate cuz
how we shoot this show or anyone who's
just now joining the live stream I'm
watching episode 6 of haters back off
and explaining like I hadn't seen
secrets and stuff in preparation for
season 2 coming up and I'm in the scene
with Patrick and Miranda out from the
front yard and we blocks you our show so
we don't shoot everything in order we
don't shoot the scenes in order so we
shoot last season we shot three episodes
of time and so every
single seam that was outside and shot in
one day and the last three episodes so I
eating popsicles and all those scenes so
I'm just eating tons of popsicles and
getting really sick from these days I'm
sorry I paused and I didn't tell you I'm
at 2:52 right now so just cute ups to
see Jay Gatsby nice I can see my cats
and reflection like writing you know
Patrick his phone's just took my place
he's so good in the scene poor Patrick
Moran is so mean him
I love the director of this episode our
director last season his name's Andrew
so good I wanted him to come back this
season but he couldn't I just love his
shots he's so good that when Patrick
takes the popsicle Mike shakes off the
popsicle stick that was his idea I he
was like I just heard on the ground and
like he ran an improv that Uncle Jim is
moving into the living room and the
living room the house is based on the
house I grew up in Thomas Miranda I'm
trying to have anything to tell you guys
about the scene it's been so long like I
shot the scene a year and a half ago so
like my brain is like what even happened
my cat's currently pooping so there's
that I love like twist that the writers
put on this like we all like the writers
very small writers room there was six
writers last season there's only five
this season but we were trying to figure
out a curious and interesting way to
bring in the free voice lesson video
because that was my first viral video so
we decided to
put it in episode 6 and Uncle Jim's the
one who wants it to be her viral video
and ran a dozen and stuff Uncle Jim is
moving into living room Bethany's pissed
about it that's what's going on right
now sorry I don't have anything
interesting to say
Bethany's hair looks so light brown oh
my gosh
it's like almost red this season her
hair is like way dark like super dark
brown that's so crazy
her here's like red the thing that I
smell is fish food I don't know if you
can tell sorry is just I'm not being
very I had to ADR that because I mumbled
it I'm gonna pause it I'm apposite at
5:42 so I remember that line was hard
for me an ADR so 80 hours when you
record the audio after the show's
already been shot and you try to match
it up with your lips on the screen and
um I remember though why does everybody
keep taking away my snacks that I I said
it too fast like mumbled and so I had to
do it an ADR booth and it took me
forever to like match up my lips it was
super hard to do so what you're hearing
on the TV it wasn't from that day it was
from like five months later Uncle Jim is
stapling sheets into the ceiling so I'm
at 5:42 right now for those of you who
are joining we're watching episode 6 Oh
haters back off on Netflix and giving
you behind-the-scenes tips sorry at 5:42
and I'm pushing play right now so you
can watch I can refer you guys to see
season 2 it's hard to watch this and not
like tell you things from season 2
because yeah I wanted to tell you
everything about these issue right now
Steve and Angela are so good
are you um you guys probably can't even
hear it booty me I wanted it to look
like I was slamming a door when I like
leave this sheet that's hanging from the
ceiling like slamming a door but I
couldn't get I don't know I don't feel
like it looks how I thought it looked in
my head when I was acting it I love that
when Bethenny brings in food for Emily
and there's like slices of Bologna and
like cheese it's so gross ketchup
packets Francesca the girl plays Emily
my sister really wanted her hair up in
the scene like up in a ponytail and I
was like no Emily's hair needs to be
down and she's like but when I'm
painting I feel like my hair should be
up and I was afraid she'd look older
like if she were Hera because she's
supposed to be like 15 ish and I was
nervous her hair her hair being up would
make her look older because she's
actually 22 and I'm so or she was 21
when we shot this but then she put her
hair up in ponytails like girl you look
cute so that was her idea and she like
fought for it she's like please let me
apply your ponytail angela is so good in
the scene they're like you want me to
tell you how to be like Bethany the
character Bethany is just so good I love
it she's just like this mom doesn't know
what she's doing and it's okay so the
painting nook I said this in one
elections before but the place where
Emily paints is I'm where imitating
exactly what I grew up with so my
brother we had a garage that was just
like this garage we could spitting image
looks exactly like my mom's garage and
my brother cleared out a little corner
in there and he did okay my god I
deposit I'm at 8 minutes 8 minutes and 9
seconds
sorry y'all oh my gosh the rolls okay
you're so needy so
we're at eight minutes and nine seconds
on Episode six ah she scratched my
schedule a flight of haters back off and
we're in the scene where Miranda and
Patrick are learning magic that I was
just talking about in the garage my
brother used to practice magic and do
art in the garage he a little art nook
so it's based on that oh man okay I'm
about to go on a rant y'all I just
ordered a bunch of talk about from foes
mates and I love Taco Bell but every
once in a while they give you a stale
tortilla and that is not new to you that
is so gross so this one is like crusty
Krispy Kremes and not in a good way
girl you cannot eat Taco Bell do you
want to do you want a tortilla here have
a little tortilla there you go you won't
like it
okay so I'm gonna push play on my eight
oh nine Episode six pagers back off so
he's doing the magic trick with a coin
we shot this scene at like three in the
morning because actually Patrick's
bedroom is the garage so last season
this season we had a whole win a bigger
set
so Patrick room was separate but last
season we didn't happen there really any
set so they're really tiny studio so
when we're done shooting the garage
scenes in the garage they re converting
it into Patrick's room so this is
actually the garage that we're shooting
with them plays I mean kitty
one Saturday don't you point whatever to
make sure this is still working so well
girl didn't you guys are watching
brothers so Uncle Jim just now left the
room Patrick room watchin nearly forgot
it's a bean burrito cats don't eat bean
burritos
I love the scene I love his little
speech to her about real magics
Patrick's my favorite character in the
show I just love his like he just is so
in love with Miranda you learn a little
bit more about Patrick season two which
I'm really excited to get to see I'm
sure it wasn't not allowed to say that
but I just said it oops spoiler it's
cats we're done in timing is start to
tell you about the scene last season
when our duties livestreams I would
posit every two seconds and this season
I'm like or now but it's been a year
oh my I was very upset about this box
makes it a magic box I'm gonna pause it
so be paused at 11 minutes and 15
seconds so the magic box we wanted to
have magic box were like swords can go
through it and Bethany and Patrick can
get all tangled up in there and their
swords in between them and all the stuff
and so we described that we had lots of
meetings about it there should has
pictures what they're gonna make and I
was so excited and then I got to set I
was like
that thing is huge like I wanted it to
be like a quarter of that size like I
wanted it to be like this big so that
you believe that Bethenny and Patrick
would get all tangled up in each other
and like they could get hit with a sword
but the box is so big it's like it
would've been so easy for them to avoid
the swords and the scene later so when I
first saw the Box I was like me that's
so big but I saw it for the first time
the day we shot it so we couldn't change
it but yeah I was like really upset so
anyway 11/15 pushing play now I think
Patrick originally had a long monologue
and here too we cut a lot of about
season two we cut a lot month this is in
one would pretty much left everything in
there's like little lines and there we
check out season two we like cutscenes
which is crazy I never thought I'd do so
I'm about to I just hit the thing down
and ice a popsicle stick Mountain know
there are holding a string let me pull
the string to make them the Sheep fall
off the popsicle stick Mountain my sword
was actually like two feet away from it
like I wasn't even close to it just me
there's a lot in season one like I don't
even look like Miranda at all
I was really cautious of that season two
I was like no notice in the season - I'm
like the whole time because I didn't
want to look like me oh so now I'm
Bethenny and Jim are together
by the name Jim are sharing bed I love
the costumes on the show
one thing that's really important to me
um with this shows that it feels real
because because the characters are so
crazy like Moran is crazy gypsy like the
characters are insane and just so weird
it was really important to me that
everything else in the world felt real
and normal so I didn't want the house to
look clean and prim and proper I didn't
want the costumes to be cute and
designer like I wanted crappy clothes
you can do like Kmart or like the thrift
store all the furniture everything like
I wanted everything to look like a real
house I want it to be dirty and I wanted
it to just look real so that kind of
ground the characters a little bit more
so that you like kind of believe the
story you're watching which is why I'm
Miranda zoom isn't my camera and his
room is in my videos Miranda's my videos
great colors and all the pictures in the
wall and the crazy toys and all that
stuff but in here it just made it look
too wacky and kooky so we made
everything look toned down like use lots
of browns and yellow and um just made it
look like lame I guess okay so this is
my favorite scene in the whole show
Bethany and Jim right now I'm at um 1416
on episode 6 haters back off if you're
just joining we're watching haters back
off together and so this is my favorite
scene the whole show um this is 14:28 it
was wearing about right now and they're
about to have a conversation about hot
dogs Jim and Bethany it was all improv
and we were crying laughing when they
were shooting this I really appreciate
this whole scene about bread was improv
like it's startup I think I really
appreciate your bread Bethany was in the
script and then I think she just says
thank you and that was the scene that
was that scene but in here they talk
about bread hot dogs and
it's my favorite scene in the whole
season
it's very rare like we improv a lot on
our set like we have a script but we
also love it was very importantly when
we were casting that we got a lot of
improv actors so now when a good
comedians could in problem spot and so
anyway do it a lot but it's very rare on
television to for improv to stay in the
show a lot of times and pop all gets
just cut and so the fact that we sent
them the scene it's like a minute or two
long just improv and Netflix is like
cool we love it only what because like
normally they make you cut and pop but
this is something nice about you are
always around - that was a scripted line
you are always around he improved around
what and then she said the house Jews
improv I mean these there's genius
comedians Steve little and Angela Kinsey
are genius comedians so this is
something that got cut which is a big
bummer um so right here where he's like
hacking absolutely.we
that was like so long like it was like a
minute longer compacting step up and
like coughing step up and throwing
tissues on her like it was so long um
but the scene it was really really funny
but the scene was just too long so you
had to cut it all right now we are in
fact which Christopher came up with that
name but it's the magician place where
Anna's gonna audition to be a magician
and my brother is in this scene my
brother is the one on the far right of
all the judges scares my brother
you recognize him um my brother is
magician so he was very heavily involved
from this episode like making sure
everything was pretty close to how his
experience was with the magic council
Senate so now Moran is backstage first
thing those costumes are so brutal so
the like diamonds on my shirt are all
stickers that come off on my shoes that
diamond from those stickers may fall
okay I'm an apposite okay I'm buzzing at
1758 which is a really funny screengrab
so if you're not pause there please go
to anyone new or watching haters back
off episode six on Netflix to prep for
season two coming up next week and I'm
watching the episode becoming a magician
I'm eating a banana in this scene so
when you're on set every show is
different but with our shall we write
all the scripts before we go to Canada
to shoot them so we write all eight
episodes and then you go up to Canada to
shoot some TV shows write one episode of
time and while there's shooting an
episode the writers will be writing the
next one but I'm a writer on the show so
I have to be part of that whole process
and we don't have a lot of time on
shooting so anyway we write them up
before we go however we're still
tweaking scripts every single day
essentially so I remember this scene
where I'm eating this banana he rewrote
like two weeks before it was shot it I
can't remember why but we had gotten
some notes to fix a few things and so we
rewrote the scene and I think one of the
requests that we got was like they
wanted to see Miranda do more magic and
so we're like okay let's try to add a
magic to Miranda and this scene you know
like what some trick Miranda would do
and I was like well that's the problem
is that Miranda can't do magic so like
we had to come up with weird things and
so we're in the writers room in Canada
we've been working all week on set and I
was like well what if Miranda eats
something really fast to make it
disappear like she doesn't now you see
at night you don't but she eats like
something she
Bassets mean gross like a banana it's
something that make gross sound and all
the writers are like Pauline you are on
the ground last week in fetal position
because you ate 50 popsicles and you
want to write yourself eating more
things and I was like well like I think
I'd be funny and so um we did it and we
wrote it in and originally the first
couple tapes I eat the banana how you
eat a banana like I killed it and I like
ate it like this and my brother came on
set because he's watching the monitors
my brother come on he's like um might
want to figure out a different way to
eat it and I was like why am I not
eating it fast enough because my idea
was that I haven't been an in like like
that like all the way down and he's like
really looks like you're doing something
else and I was like gosh yes so I guess
the first couple of dates are just full
of looked really phallic and just look
like I was doing what that looks like
and so they're like we can't do they
wanted to cut the banana but they're
like the banana bits not working like
you gotta cut it and so I was running
out for me shooting scene be like okay
no we can make him a Nana work give me
another chance let's try something else
and Chris was like what if you break it
in half and then shout at your mouth and
I was like okay so then that's what we
did and that's what made it then um the
actual eating of the banana I don't
think it's funny what I think is funny
is that she spits it out but anyway okay
so I'm at 1758 episode 6 faders back up
and I'm pushing play right now so you
guys can be with me so 1758 here we go
push play so I'm eating the whole banana
I had to do this a million times
the other thing too is that I didn't
really have to eat a million bananas cuz
I split the mouse so I think I ate like
three of them and then I started
spitting them out so my hair was so much
longer last season I had them and
trimmed my hair before we started this
season and they just cut off too much so
my hair is at two inches shorter so the
end of last season you'll see in this
season you'll just really I'm Randy's
hair trunk
so Bethany just came backstage it was
hard for us to figure out a way to get
Bethany there we knew we wanted a magic
box that had swords in it and we knew we
wanted Bethany and Patrick in the box
together and really how do you think
that happen so it was hard to figure out
how to make this happen but um we
finally did it
so Bethany's getting into the magic box
and the magic box is getting sold on
stage see the magic box is so big so
crazy I wish it was smaller I loved this
set they built the set in like a day so
that's another thing is all the sets oh
the dead pigeon
the magic set sorry I'm so distracted by
watching Stephen so obsessed with him
where's the white paint I'll come back
to the magic thing I'll tell you the
next magic scene is what I wanted to be
about 19 so Emily and Jim are in the
garage right home the pink noodles that
are on the wall behind Jim we're like
neon pink and since the show is all very
toned down the grades and rose colors it
was so hard for us to like fix that
color because think anyway it's a long
story that's boring but like those
noodles were the death of me in color
last season I think this is another
thing we rewrote that day where we break
through the Nancy I'm thinking Europe
the scene as well between Jim Emily
Emily she's so cute so funny like I
didn't know what to expect when the show
came out I didn't know what you guys
would like and what you wouldn't like
everyone loves Emily which is awesome
but whenever I asked me like who's your
favorite character they say Emily or
Bethany or Patrick or Miranda
but it's rarer than people say uncle
Jim's their favorite which is so weird
to me
because he is like I know Patrick's my
favorite character but see little I
think is the funniest comedian on planet
earth like he is so funny and so it was
surprising to me that not more I mean
some people said Uncle John was their
favorite but I was surprising to me that
more people didn't say which one was in
favorite because I think he's like the
funniest human on planet earth like no
one makes me laugh hard is it Steve
little like he's so funny all this is
improv like he's just a genius improv
actor and he's certainly Emily Francesca
was the best at not laughing all the
rest of us would break I'm putting up a
blooper reel on Friday and up season one
and she's not in it like she does not
break
she's genius at like not laughing I'm
the worst so here we're in the magic set
again and me and Patrick are doing this
which we came up with like on the spot
he could not hear the music the music
was in my ear in a little earwig so he
was just copying whatever I did because
he couldn't hear there's no music
playing this is based on Christopher and
I did a magic show at the Magic Castle
in Los Angeles together and all these
bits we did in my show for real so when
I did a Miranda magic show for like a
hundred people or something was long
time ago these are all things we did he
jumped through my gloop he juggled and I
did this thing everything in it was like
a straight-up
ripoff from Asher I did with Christopher
hit the magic castles a lot of the shows
based on real things happening so anyway
what I was gonna say about this magic
set is that we had a stage on a swing
stage which is where we had one stage
that was the house where we shot all the
house scenes then we have another set
that was at all the other set so like
the fish store in episode 2 the mattress
store in episode 7 the magic stage the
locker room there's all these different
things that we clip on this set
so like they would make his beautiful
set of like a magic stage and everything
tear it down in the next day it would be
something completely different
it was incredible so impressed so here
come with swords through the boxes the
inside of the box we shot at like 2:00
in the morning or 1:00 in the morning
something crazy and we shot it like I
mean this scenes at me she's putting the
swords through the box and the scenes of
them in the box were shot like two three
weeks apart like they were not shot
anywhere near each other this scene
inside the box was actually a lot longer
- and they had harnesses like it's so
much raisi because they had to go
through like classes and more thrills
because they're all harnessed up and
they were all entangled you can't even
tell it's crazy like you there's there's
like all these harnesses on and they're
floating in that box like with their
legs up and arms up on stuff and you
can't even tell it's so crazy it's like
all this work for nothing I feel like
it's probably how they felt all the
stuff of me putting the source of the
Box is all improv there's no script
there I just realized as though starting
with swords and I was like I knew that
this whole scene was happening inside of
the box so I knew I didn't have dialogue
but I was like I just had to mix up ups
all like right in the same bowl like all
that stuff was improv everything no tree
supplies all that just making it up and
my shoulder was really bad less he's an
editor my rotator cuff and those sorts
of freaking heavy so I remember this day
I was in excruciating pain because I was
like throwing the swords around lifting
my head and sat in the box for hours and
my shoulder was raging fire up this
night I was in so much pain like in
between takes I go put ice on my
shoulder I see how it's like I was like
here tears it was Miranda was also a lot
Center last season I'm still a thin girl
I know but I can see huge difference
when I watched season 2 and season 1 my
face is a lot thinner last season I was
unhealthy skinning last season like I
was too thin for my height my body type
so I got healthier in the last year and
so now I look at normal weight for
myself but last season I was way center
so you can tell huge difference in my
face so last season I was just in bone
it's now looking into the bonds it's so
funny Emily is nothing like Francesca
so Francesca the girl plays Emily is
just like I feel like she's like the
opposite of Emily like she's like bubbly
and like cute and sweet and like
talkative and outgoing and kind of sassy
like she's a count horny girl
and so it's so funny it likes every once
in a while I'll see a little bit of
Francesca come out and Emily like
whenever her lips are like like pouty
I'm like oh it's Francesca cuz like in
Francesca we all do it there's so many I
already said in this episode there's no
more I'm just like being myself but most
the time when watching the show I just
see Emily but everyone so I'm like oh
there's Francesca popping through um
they're just very different so here's
the scene of Miranda coming into the
hospital to see Patrick see like a coin
like I don't look like Miranda here oh
so this is a hospital we shot at that
was haunted and we got to shoot at this
hospital again in this season so you see
a little snippet of it in the trailer
when we went back to the same place
there's a great blooper from the scene
that you guys will get to see Friday
that I'm really excited by felt bag her
Eric in this scene because Steve and I
were improving so much and having so
much fun in here just kind of sitting
there in the bed
so there's a part of the scene where we
go I miss you so much I miss you mine
he's just so much we did it for like ten
minutes
like just wouldn't stop saying it and
originally we kept it all in the episode
the vanessa was too long we had to cut a
lot of it out all this these tubes and
then we started talking about like ice
cream and I wanted to go get ice cream
with him and then Patrick wanted to get
ice cream and then we started yelling at
Patrick Patrick select dose intolerant
how dare he say who and ice cream this
scene was a mess like we just were
improving so much every once in a while
me and Steve have a really good
chemistry together and like we improv
times a million and so that was what the
scene so it just went too far like
improv for too long so now we're in
Bethenny's hospital room she's
complaining about her fiber she's only
here my god so she's finding out about
her kidney the kidney she's such a good
actress it's crazy
here comes annoying
just so when Francesca sits on the bed
here the bed is it covered in plastic
for some reason and so when she sits
down I remember when you're shooting it
it was the loudest like heart sound in
the world and I was really nervous about
it but then when we got to the sound
session they like took it out her like I
was stunned she improv that the scene
ended with the line before and they were
waiting for them to yell cut and they
know it said cut so Angela goes so funny
- lets do a Patrick exam it's not
because I hate to see this is my
favorite song in the whole season song
that you're listening so pretty it's my
favorite song I used to listen to it in
my house I just turn it on and like
Emily no it's not no Netflix
I don't you put it next episode I wanted
him okay so anyway that song this violin
comes in and it's so breezy like that
but it's like oh my god it's so pretty
and I'm obsessive it it's like my
favorite song that he wrote last season
okay so here's the big tea if you want
to know the team the episodes not over
ladies because there's another scene
after that scene of Marin saying no I
want to say with Patrick in the script
there's another scene and we shot
another scene but when we were editing
this episode I loved that scene where
the camera pans back and read is sitting
by Patrick's bed and you can tell for
the first time like oh maybe Miranda has
feelings for Patrick and I just thought
it was so good I was like that's the end
of this episode we can't move on to the
next episode or the next scene but what
was the next scene was Jim and Bethany
in bed so it's supposed to go from that
to an over the over the head shot of
Bethany and Jim in bed together and
Jim's like ah well what a great
just a couple of stabbings but overall
it was just a wonderful day and
Bethenny's just found out about her
kidney so Beck and he's sitting in the
bed and just being silent and like
staring and then so Jim's like oh what a
great day what a great day and then
after a moment of silence Bethenny is
like Jim my doctor just called me I need
a new kidney
I'm really scared and she's Christ and
she's just crying in bed and then she's
like Jim Jim and he starts snoring so he
didn't even hear her say it so the
episode was opposed to end with Bethenny
crying in bed and saying that her doctor
called and told her her kidneys are
failing and that she's probably going to
die and so when we watch the episode I
was like but Angela's performance was
amazing like gut-wrenching so good it
was so hard to cut the scene cuz like
she was so good in it like she had like
these huge tears in her eyes were just
open and she the cameras above her head
and it's like pulling back and she's
just like crying and she's like I'm
really scared and like a tear drops and
it was oh my god it was so good and it
was so sad um but I felt like it was too
sad because episode 8 gets really really
sad and um and I didn't want to give it
okay at the start of the next episode
you find out all about Bethenny's issue
cuz we see that what the doctor says
about her and you seen her starting to
take the pills and you know that there's
something wrong so we didn't need the
information a lot of times when you're
writing you go like okay well what infer
what information are we getting from the
scene why is this scene necessary why do
we need it and that scene that was like
we don't need it because we get the
information right away in Episode seven
and an episode ended with that sweet
moment between Patrick and Miranda and
so to end the episode after really
there's a really sweet moment and then
to end it with her crying in bed and
you're not really getting any new
information because you get it right
away in episode 7 where like you have to
cut it but it was brutal the cat cuz
Angela was so
goodnight can you imagine being an actor
and like doing a scene where you have to
cry and feeling like you nail it and
then watch the episode and it's not in
the episode so she's obviously a trouper
and didn't even say anything to me about
it and like she's amazing and we
actually used a shot of it because I was
like can we put it in anywhere else
so in episode 7 there's a montage of
Bethany where she's like um it's like
shocky and like shaky and weird and
she's getting information from her
doctor and she's like having flashes and
whatever and it's in that there's um a
flash of her in the bed and she's crying
and that's from that scene so we ended
up being able to put like her crime in
the season but just wasn't in the scene
then so anyway that's the - there used
to be a whole scene and it's deleted um
but anyway there you go look at me
I did an episode I finally
live-streaming episode a year later so I
sell it to livestream episodes 8 7 and 8
before the show comes out show comes out
next Friday freaking out trailer came
out today
I'm freaking out um yeah but anyway I
thought it'd be fun to do a little
action right now and I will save this
one for I usually put my live streams on
private and so this one I will not do
that to I will leave it up so people can
watch this and re-watch episode 6 and
yeah thanks for watching me and I will
actually before I go I'll answer a
couple questions I'm sure everyone's
already signed off but cookie queen so
can you post deleted scenes too like
after the bloopers I don't have them so
um Netflix owns the show Netflix owns
all the footage and everything so they
get to decide what is released and what
isn't and I finally I saw they're
posting bloopers on the Twitter of the
haters back on Twitter the other day I
was like to posting bloopers and the up
bloopers and so I like emailed them I
was like um do we have bloopers if so is
it okay if I post some and then they
send me all the bloopers from my season
so I could ask
the deleted scenes there's one deleted
scene from season two that I really
really want to post because it was like
this huge crazy scene and I can't
believe like we got rid of it we needed
to but um I just can't believe how much
work went into that scene and it's gone
it's crazy
I love crows toes said are your other
episode live streams on private and if
so can you make them public I want to
watch they're not I don't think they're
on the second soprano Channel though
they're not on my blog Channel so um I
think if you just search like haters
back off live streams they'll probably
pop up Jules said favorite scene other
than the bread and hotdog scene from
this episode I like the final scene with
me and Patrick where I say I want to
stay with Patrick I think that's really
sweet one thing I think we did a really
good job with last season was how subtle
we were like sometimes when you're
writing you feel like oh well in order
to understand how Miranda feels like
when you read it in a script like when
you just read like you just read like
the whole scene is Miranda sitting by
Patrick's bed nurse enters you wanna sit
in the waiting room it's much more
comfortable Brenda says no I want to
stay with Patrick and that's all the
scene is so you must people read that
scene and be like nothing happens like
this scene needs more dialogue so you
need something but a writer is really
good at like using the actors to act and
you subtlety to tell the story so um we
used a very minimal dialogue last season
to tell the story and I think it turns
out so well like I love that scene like
there's two lines in it and I just think
it's the sweetest scene you finally get
to see Miranda have like some sort of
heart and emotion because Miranda on the
Internet is kind of a snatch and right
it in this show is kind of snatch so
every time you get to see a little bit
of heart from her a little bit of
emotion a little bit of like feeling it
makes her a little bit likable kind of
and so I like those moments a lot
because sometimes it's hard to play a
character that's just hated and is
horrible brat and so as an actor it's
nice to like be able to find moments
where I have redeeming qualities so I
like that scene to Jess said why does
marina not show that much emotion um
well I think Miranda doesn't show a lot
of emotion on the internet because it's
kind of like a good commentary of the
internet I mean as human beings we don't
wear our hearts on our sleeves most of
the time like when you go to work when
you're walking to the store you're going
to grocery store or you're hanging out
with friends one night like at a party
you're not gonna consent says hey how
are you
you say I'm good how are you like you
don't say well I'm going through a
really hard time right now because a B
and C if you're going through rough
things or if you're feeling emotional
most the time people don't really show
it and then you hide those parts because
they make you feel weak and I think
miranda is just like a she's a weirdo
and she's obviously got problems
and she's brat and she's selfish and um
she has a lot of issues but I think for
her um showing emotion shows weakness
and so it's not something she does
easily and I think even when Miranda
like on my you - I'm sorry I'm going way
deep into the psychological elements of
this character but um even on YouTube
when I do like crying videos as Miranda
like I'm in the closet
sobbing and like upset about something
stupid um in my head Moran is upset
about something more serious but the
smallest thing pisses her off you know
when like you're going through a lot and
there's like all these little things
that keep pissing you off and things are
hurting you or things are stressing you
are things are sad in your life and then
like your friend doesn't text you back
and that's what makes you break and you
just cry or like my sister told me that
there was one day where she like went to
his restaurant and she was so stressed
and was having a hard time in life and
then like she ordered this one type of
cookie and they gave her a different
kind of cookie and when she got home she
realized she they
for the wrong cookie and she cried like
we just like you had the breaking point
you're like - it's just too much and you
just break that's how I think of
Miranda's little six so when Miranda is
sobbing under the Christmas tree could
she get the present she wanted she's not
crying about that she's crying about
other horrible things they're going
through in her life so it's kind of how
I channeled the emotion and like
whatever I'm talking like such a hippie
right now I'm so sorry this is so
embarrassing but you guys um
so Randy does show emotion she just like
garze herself and I think that's pretty
common I think a lot of people do that
you guard yourself you don't show how
you truly feeling but that's what I
wanted to show and haters back off as I
wanted to show that she is a real person
and she does have feelings and emotions
and she just hides them from the
internet like a lot of people do um and
hides them from the world like a lot of
people do um you will see a lot of
emotion for granted sees it - Selina
said you could write a whole book about
the psychological side of Miranda this
is deep girl I know well I've been
playing write it for ten years so like
that's a decade of my life what's crazy
so I really and I feel like an only got
deep when I started doing haters back
off because I had to die dig deep it's
different working on a show for a whole
year and writing episodes for you know
12 hours a day and shooting 12 hours a
day and I didn't tolerance day like with
my character it's a lot different than
like sitting down for an hour and
shooting a YouTube video being silly and
like cutting open squishy toys like here
you have to go about like her
relationships with these people and the
psychological like battle she's going
through and why is she the way she is
why does she talk the way she does why
does she think the way she does why
she's so cocky why is she why does she
want to be a star why's any of this like
I had to figure that out like I had to
figure out why she feels these things
and why she thinks these things and so
now I feel like I know Miranda better
than I know myself
which is crazy because it's just mother
illness that sometimes really she is
um how excited you press the seamer and
his dad house working with Matt Besser
from Jenna I'm so excited for us to meet
Brandis dad I'm curious what you guys
think he's like who he is what that
character is I just emailed Matt um and
I think he's brilliant like I think he
is a genius comedian I've admired him
forever like he essentially created an
improv comedy like he created UCB like
that's insane like he's he's a legend in
the comedy and improv world like
everyone knows who he is in that world
so it was an honor to work with him and
he actually came in for uncle Jim last
year and I was like I love this guy um
and then see little came in and I was
like Oh see if his more that type but
then when we started talking about
bringing Andrew and his dad I was like
oh my god not that's what would be
perfect and so um he's just amazing but
he's so good he's very funny
um and he plays the role perfectly and
so I'm excited to see how you guys
respond to him but I I think he's
brilliant and I think he plays the role
very well he did exactly what we wanted
and um yeah I think she's great
like I think you guys were burly like
him um Lexi said do you think he would
have enough or more of the story to put
into a season 3 yes we are definitely
pulling from my life for this show so
like we're basing the episodes on things
that actually happened to me so there's
eight episodes in each season so you
have eight 20 to 30 minute episodes and
you're pulling from ten years of my life
so there is so much we can pull from and
you guys will see at the end of season
two I think you're gonna be like where's
the season three I think like I do i
watch season two season two and I'm like
oh my gosh I really hope we get a season
three cuz
season three would be insane so um I
wish I could tell you more
but yeah I hope you get to season two
there's a there is a lot that would
happen in season two um I'm on Twitter
right now it's reading the questions
let's see oh my gosh my knees hurt Lucy
ah Sarah said have you always had a back
story from Randy's dad or did you come
up with one for season two I have okay
so I'll just answer this one I think you
got Illinois um so Miranda's dad has
changed from what I originally wrote
from read his dad years in your soon
years film what I always thought my and
his dad was is very different from what
the character is now whereas Uncle Jim
Bethany Patrick are exactly what I eight
years ago when I create those characters
my brother
they are those characters and nothing
has changed but with Miranda's dad
originally Miranda's dad was much
different than how he is in season two
and yeah I mean I can't really say much
because if I say what he was originally
then you guys don't know that he's not
that and I don't want to give away
anything about his character but I will
say that like originally wrens dad was
in originally haters back off as a movie
before I was TV show we already it
wasn't called meters back off that it
was this story essentially um and we're
and his dad was in it and it was a
smaller carrot it was a small character
and I'll tell you about him once the
show comes out but then when we realized
when we were writing season one you
started coming up
this new version of Miranda's dad and
we're really excited about it and I
can't tell you this our original idea um
when we first were right in season 1 and
we were coming up with ribs dad was we
wanted steve little to play both parts
so we wanted whoever well we didn't know
steve little but we wanted whoever
played uncle jim to play more and his
dad um and we wanted to just like give
them facial hair weird haircut or
something to change it up so that was
what we thought originally that we're
gonna do but then once we started coming
up with my toes down a little bit more
we realized first of all it would be way
too much work for Steve to do
ERD is like so swamped on set with all
his lines and stuff and but also the
character was just changing so much and
we didn't want it to be we don't want to
do that anymore but with the character
that we ended up creating from around
his dad it was just too different so we
went with casting someone and we all
knew we wanted Matt Besser because he's
a genius and I mean you could be perfect
and he was
hmm Laci said how does it make you feel
watching season 1 a year later it's
weird okay so I haven't really watched
it at all
since like last year until Jacob came
over for his birthday and he wanted to
watch an episode when I played put it on
and like left the room before like I put
it on to like the kids or like a friend
to put it on I remember but I don't stay
and watch it like I've seen it so I
don't like cinnamon watch my own show
but I put on for Jacob and I sat down
and I watched it with him and I was like
oh my gosh like I was laughing out loud
I was like Adams it's just funny and
which was a cool feeling to be like oh
I'm proud of this show like very right
like I don't go watch my old YouTube
videos like I don't rewash my own stuff
but they usually create something and I
enjoy the creating process of anything I
don't really I not the type who like
rebels in the past or like thinks about
the past a lot like I like to live in
the now and create right now and then
move on to the next thing so once I
create and I'm done creating I'm like
okay I'm done with that what's the next
thing needed to create like that's all I
care about is creating things and being
a creative person that's just kinda how
my brain works so once I finished haters
back off season 1 I wasn't thinking
about it anymore I was like okay now
it's working on season 2 let's work on a
live show let's work on YouTube videos I
wanted to create new things so I hadn't
watched it a really long time and I sat
down with him and I was like laughing
and I was like oh my gosh like I'm proud
of the show like I think it's funny but
one thing I did notice watching season 1
it is so different from season 2 so
different like I can't say too much but
like it's really like I think the season
is there told I think they're two
totally different things like it's crazy
how different they are and a good in a
good way I think I think season one is
awesome and I think season two is
awesome but I think they're they're just
different like they feel different and
that's what happens when you get new
directors and new cast members and new
crew and it's just a totally different
feeling and um so it was interesting
watching season 1 and going like oh my
gosh that scene if we put that scene in
season 2 if the atole different scene
like it just like it's
totally different in my opinion but like
you guys might watch it me like it's the
exact same but to me I feel like it's a
totally different job anyway um I feel
like I'm being really boring so I'm I go
but I love you guys and thanks for
watching and I hope you guys rewatch
this and watch it with episode 6 I need
you episode 7 & 8 very soon but I love
you and I will see you next time
