haha you thought you were good in
Killeen we just did it just started but
no one's here yeah
they have no idea this is a surprise
shock and zero
no one likes us did you make it public
or as a private I think it's public I've
done that a few times yeah let's see we
have two viewers and we can we Twitter
to see if anyone do you think that's how
I get my links just I just tweet it from
my computer right here why reset your
password you know what's reading yet
because no one knows you're here because
you can't tweet the link because you're
not on your Twitter livestream oh my my
supposed to be eating the users say not
as yet can you eat caramel apples we're
he's not gonna ask questions I just have
to watch literally I just refreshed was
like someone tweeted it and it was like
some spam like free video shows how to
make $80 mom watch that video oh no no
no you don't know cuz you're off my
phone
yeah like someone tweet me the link
please
applause no what come on
I have cope yeah but I have moreover
though it's not graduated right because
you're lazy wait you guys please tweet
me believe it well they used to be
believed ah Chloe did it
Thank You Chloe ok so we're gonna make
caramel apples and I thought it'd be fun
to live stream it I was gonna make a
video doing this but maybe I'm ghosted a
vlog in a long time and say ok I'm gonna
do this pie swipe up to watch a live
stream with Rachel we're gonna make some
caramel on balloons
I know hello Internet so now you have a
link yes I've always wondered why you
always retweet someone's tweet when you
post a video cuz I'd get the link you're
the worst
you would also like to do the right link
if you snapchat lets you view it first
if this employee sent you the feeling I
would have loved Chloe so much more
syndrome okay so we're gonna make her
mumbles so here's a listen look I got
these two little like fall candy leaves
oh my god have you looked at so well as
Instagram is oh my gosh yes safety no
it's terrible
oh yeah
because I was living tour and I usually
begin speech because I know how much
effort it takes up there it's exhausting
like I give up
I'm really about teams freaking
assistive touch just activated itself so
look I have these cute little sticks for
the caramel apples to stick in there and
I'm doing a livestream like how I do
this by yourself do I like to dip remove
wrap from caramel tray place in my grade
book what about my gum
anyway I used to do like strings like
this all the time and now no one does
like she's me mark do you know this is
my driver Saturday but no alive strings
you're right I know but nobody
livestreams everything has to be look at
that autumn this you're welcome
look at her autumn theme I'm sure you
guys already see it but oh it is
gorgeous so this is it done here for 45
seconds and then stir it and then put it
back and do for 30 more seconds or until
caramel begins to bubble remove mr. dip
up on the caramel turn to coat evenly
let's set about 35 minutes well what we
can do is like we have to put these
things on because I got these cute fall
sprinkles to and I'm gonna also melt
this chocolate and this little chocolate
on to Taylor and then some nuts and
stuff so yeah we doesn't seem to remove
this it says remove wrap from caramel
tray which way the caramel was going
that way or that way
I think think that without yeah remove
wrap from chrome removes wraps and
caramel tray placing microwave on HIGH
to 45 seconds removes the microwave stir
well return caramel so Michael you're
mine for 30 more seconds
definitely milk of this it's okay
there's no milk in it so you can
condensed milk that's encounter from
cows it's from a can that's yep okay
sous-chef 45 seconds road you love it
I'll poke your hole I love when you bump
my home which way does it go in this
pokey prick so anyway see this is a
horrible like I'm just saying this is
gonna suck because what do I serve like
yes I feel like caramel apples you need
something sturdy to boy discipline
that's great if you like you need
something sturdy and this is like flimsy
tastic yeah you need like a 2x4 another
you know Sena be or should I put this
one up side down um okay so I've only
used I know I got too many how cute it
is love fall leaves guys they're candy
and like freakin I thought they were so
cute Michaels um okay I'm looking at my
Twitter to see what y'all are saying and
they're probably saying this is the most
boring thing ever
what was that BP my dishwasher it
doesn't come from cows that comes from I
can't quote of 2017 thanks Tina
Jenna so this is already a mess yes it's
gonna be a mess wait filo thing it just
not working I'm not sorry you gotta put
it back in for thirty five more seconds
she said oh we need wax paper
oh yeah I got new pants because my other
ones the holes got ripped into big and
then some and that's the hole again too
big again these are brand new and I
already ruined them
did you know I wash them you like okay
here's what annoys me with the fashion
these days is like oh can you get wax
get parchment paper or wax paper
um drives me insane is that like these
ripped up jeans or like what's in style
these days but you can't wash them yeah
purchases you can't wash them and drive
it you like scrub by hand like I'm
living on the Oregon Trail or else like
the holes get bigger than the style
yeah that's done so I wash my pants in
the freaking water solution is I don't
got time to use a freaking scrub board
don't actually scrub their pants like
that well how are you supposed to wash
your pants and they have holes in them
that are likes you that you wash them
and then they get holes in did you buy
more it's the industry's way of making
you give them all your money well it's
really annoying yes okay so DIY I'm the
wrong girl to help you with this
we're gonna just scrub-a-dub-dub caramel
in the tub trying to get her thick
you're supposed to wash the apples I'm
gonna wash my no you can't you don't
time now because you have to get it
while this caramel is hot hot off the
presses oh you just got the car not all
of the spoon Rachel stop complaining
clean it stop being a butt oh my god how
cute should I make one more for Corey
yes how'd you do this it's not rolling
very well it's too thick you got the
good one cause it was so hot for you I'm
gonna do this quick sorry sorry we can
be the chef I was a sous chef this is
the business now it's that it's burning
my tongue okay what do you help me yes
this is the most flimsy thing you've
ever done I've had friends yeah I don't
know that means don't meet her she
stings
she's hard she's thick
she's a lot this is the Columbia sternal
apple anyway well I couldn't but you
stuck your apple in there I don't think
we can do another one because no thick
now I mean I just picked about a
microwave 20 seconds my can we do that
sorry stuck on my teeth
okay I think she's good I think they're
cute okay I think we should only do two
mainly because that's all we can do yeah
okay so now what I kind of want these
little cutie patooties and then after
she dries a little bit I'm gonna drizzle
melted chocolate over okay right so
should I do
these ones are cute a little like dot oh
do you know what yeah but listen they're
gonna cool down the article do you know
that these ones is wrong like you just
would say these ones my friend Courtney
would always get mad at you and I'd be
like I love these ones that's awesome
though it sounds incorrect what are you
supposed to say so we have red dots or I
mean colored dots and then you have then
the ones you have a little poke
and then these sprinkles and then these
leaves and gold what do you think which
one you want
I kind of like those but I also like the
pumpkins are so cute I don't care you
have to pick one can I have one of these
yeah I don't know now after we do the
I'm not doing chocolate oh yeah my
apples bubbling on top like it down
wait so should you do them upside down
wait
should you put the flop the bleep on
this way or this way
mmm did you just eat it oh my gosh these
are cute okay so I'm doing an event soon
and they were like we're gonna recreate
when you like one of your old Halloween
costumes familiarize what they eat and
I'm like well only have I can only
create like stuff I different that was
like embarrassingly like too old to be
doing it - no I'm saying please
well there's one sort kids really you
and I dress you dress me up like a cat
but you're but I'm not it's not
Halloween oh it supposed to be like
Halloween well it's a it's an outfit so
I know but have so many questions about
this event you're speaking up you know I
can't say I like this yet so rude to me
this is so cute
okay so now we have all these cute
little leaves should we do pumpkins or a
little bead I like the beat I can't the
gold you should do a gold with the
chocolate I think that would look nice
for you oh wait they're not even right
on it so I'm getting the doll I'm gonna
stay I'm getting the ball we'll just
stick them on my hand oh my gosh a hot
mess Express
my boss - it's because you needed to go
on and on and on about some story that I
already forgot about we mean I'm angry
what was the story kept insisting
I'm telling I don't know I don't
remember what I'm talking about what
story I don't know I kept telling you to
stick this stuff on the Apple and then
you wouldn't and I got mad you had to
say something to the camera
literally I bet you no one's watching
this anymore because this is so boring
and we're literally not even paying
attention to the fact that we live
streaming we're literally just hanging
out I said literally six times do it did
you ever edit a video and get annoyed
with how many times you say like like or
um or uh I edit videos and get annoyed
at just my existence we'll say but
sometimes there's a particular reason
guys this is no you wait it doesn't like
no look at it there's like a hole in it
now because it just fell out stay oh but
they're gonna taste like breaking
deliciousness any white sprinkles they
taste bad
sprinkles don't taste good that's what
I'm saying
eat this it's Hankey with a little like
oh my god cook it off I'm looking at the
tweet sleep first where's Daisy Daisy
sleeping upstairs she's doing very well
oh I can't tell you guys about that I
can spill the tea about my you haven't
told that too you know it's pretty sad
so oh I was told
um the woman that I got it from was like
oh she got bubble gum all over her I
tried to cut out the bubble gum I was
like it's kind of weird like she looks
like she had bubble gum all over her
body because her fur is wrecked like she
looks so trashed like she's really
kidding
looks like a bird that's how - she was
homeless Catholic she looks a hot mess
and so I was like okay like no one also
take her and I want to take her and I
give her home so it out so I was like
all excited to give this little munchkin
huh but I woke up the next morning and
was just kind of looking at her fur and
I was like I don't think this was
bubblegum like I think there's something
wrong with her like I think she had a
deficiency or something because the way
that her the woman was like oh we just
cut off where the Bubblegum was with
scissors I just had to cut off wherever
the Bubblegum was but some of it looks
shaved some of which parts of her
looking bald and I was like I don't
think this was bubbled on them so I was
like I might take her to the bed just to
check and so I went into the back
wouldn't get a new animal you should
just go to the bed yeah
get him stretch no matter what I take
her into the vet I was like you know I'm
just being a paranoid mom like but my
little kitten that I just got um the
person I got her from said that she had
bubble gum all over her and they had to
cut it out and I just had this weird gut
feeling that something's off and I asked
the woman who I got it from was like do
you have any pictures of her um give me
pictures of my cat with the bubble gum
like I want to see what it looks like
when she was covered in bubble gum and
she's like no I didn't take any and I
was like okay whatever I didn't think
anything of it was like gee how many
pictures of her with all her fur and she
sent me a picture of this beautiful
kitten and I was like oh she looks so
cute and I looked I was like this kid
looks 3 months old and my cat is 9 weeks
old and so I was like she was gonna old
and I look closely and the kitten in the
picture she sent me had a black nose and
my kitten has a pink nose and I was like
the picture you just sent me the kid
needs a black nose but my kittens a pink
nose that's not my cat and she said oh
it must be her sister I was like so do
you have a picture of my cat and she was
like no I was like so you've had this
kitten for nine weeks and you didn't
take one picture of her liar she had
pictures of her I'm sure but she has
this weird skin efficiency so I was like
something's wrong so I took her the bed
and I said I'm probably just being
paranoid the vet takes her out of her
little carrier and goes that's not
bubblegum she has some sort of skin
disease or disorder and she said the
good news is it looks like she's better
now like it looks like whatever she had
she's gotten over but she definitely had
something wrong with her
and that person lied to you and I was so
mad I was like what if she like was
seriously sick and I didn't have the
instinct to go to the vet and so then I
just have this like sick little kit and
that's like walking around with my cat
getting my cat sick my you know gus-gus
but anyway um luckily that we did all
these tests on her and she's healthy and
she's fine now but he was like she
wasn't always fine like something was
definitely wrong with her and but we're
just cute like they're all glad that
she's just like in a good home now
because obviously I spoiled it's not out
of my cats and so she's like a spoiled
freakin rotten and she's gonna be
totally fine and healthy but um yeah she
had like some like little disease so
we're just gonna get her checked like
constantly like I'm gonna take her to
vet all the time and make sure it
doesn't come back and their hair grows
back in because maybe at one I mean
maybe she'll just look like a little
deranged like she looks like a bird with
a ton of she looks like a kid looks
awesome she's oh she's so funny she's
very needy
my little Gus Gus he's been very good
with her
he is just obsessed with her
Gus literally like follows her around
licks her constantly oh I guess what he
just did before we came down to this
live stream Daisy went poop because he's
a cat and that's what cats do and right
after she poops she had like a little
like poop dangling out of her bus cuz
sometimes kidneys don't really know how
to clench too well and so she has a poop
dangling out of her but I'm with Daisy
and I was like about to go clean it off
and Gus runs up to her starts licking
her butt and eats the poop off of her
but like eats it not like Flavor Flav
ate it
eat the poo but I have to say your ass
is not even a little bit decorated for
fall and it's annoying meets I wanna
take pictures of these in front of some
like fall colors there's a full leaf
over there wanna leave get out for this
here
I had tons of fall decorations in the
garage we can decorate for fall tonight
on the fire mental
maple reef I don't understand why more
people don't do live stings anywhere I
think they're so fun and it just feels
like I'm just like hanging out there
like no one does them anymore oh I feel
like it's like not quite so 2010 I am
people say that all the time they're
like white why is this girl even here
anymore she's so 2010 you too
I'm like thanks Philippians um look how
cute he doesn't look cute yes it does on
camera they look just she I love her
she's cute trust okay so now we're going
to get some chocolate melted and drizzle
chocolate you oh I'm going to here I'm
already breaking one little cows hot -
no it's from a cannon not a cat off we
go okay let me see I know we got to get
a cute picture of these but there's no
cute place to put them that's my anger
sometimes a snap a picture so you can
see the better okay
will do I'm snapping the juice so here's
our caramel apples we are currently
working on in a live stream so swipe up
if you want to watch it and I think the
cute we just as red ugly no they're ugly
on camera acutely person these sprinkles
taste good it's these sprinkles that
suck oh these are foul they're on like
the store-bought cupcakes nasty okay I
just added it to my snaps you guys can't
see what she looks like
okay but now I need to melt the
sweetness every tree can answer their
Twitter questions while look at this
denial just look at him
laying there just like the queen of
everyone I love him so much
well sweetheart look at him he's
exhausted literally exhausted had a busy
day he's got a little trial between here
okay he's been taking care of a kitten
all basically he actually has
responsibilities now I have mom fixing
us
mm-hm pictures yeah anyway I'm on
Twitter now miss our baller
sangmi there's no hashtag for this right
teeny says Stephanie and her are
watching and wishing that we are with us
we wish you were here with Joe I miss
you guys
come here Colleen says come over
tomorrow I want you to come over
tomorrow yeah Jake will be here so come
over okay
come on slitter now what oh um you love
chocolate your Wi-Fi sucks like it's
trying to refresh Twitter and it can't
let me stay here this isn't Gus hair
this is the longest hair anyone's ever
seen you can see it this is like four
inches long yeah I get my haircut
Tuesday I want to Cory's friends I think
I might do a little highlight has a lot
of work all right I'll do a little
makeover video but you do a photo shoot
with shoot with me
Tuesday afterwards but then I have a
basketball game tonight so I'm gonna
ruin it
yeah I seen a little highlight I've
never dyed my hair at all I really want
to talk to you guys on Twitter but my
Twitter will refresh this Colleen has
the worst internet I can only see it
wait from 49 minutes ago well my phone
usually sucks but it always I'm gonna go
off your internet real quick what is
that noise invade off turn I don't
understand update all right there we go
so now I'm on data and it's working well
now that you're done shutting down
Coley's aims aim is like shutting down
it's not something if I they're shutting
it down there's no uses but they're not
gonna like your aim name isn't gonna
exist anymore for those of you don't
know aim was instant-messaging
on the computer before everyone could
text or do any social media there was a
and that's me talk to you it was like
chat rooms with your friends but wasn't
chattering no it was just one one but
you could also do groups it was a whole
thing that's what I did oh behind the
times
yeah my eighth-grade life was in anybody
I've got my chocolate and a little
baggie I hurt myself okay girl
squirty-squirts where'd you get your
glasses I've seen this a couple times
for glass windows from a random glasses
shop down the street but they're Giorgio
Armani brand so if that helps you at all
I thought this is gonna make this cuter
but it actually doesn't it was a good
thought you want me to do this so it go
on the side maybe yeah yeah Disney makes
it look easy and I've gotta do the other
side this looks horrible so it's quite a
bit I keep going swear
oh now I see how I shouldn't come it Oh
chocolate there so now I can put some
sprinkles on because this is wet sorry
zero warning ah that words there you go
would you like me to tip no cuz I like
it just kind of on the top excuse me no
I could put oh but not covered up on my
cute little things so I should put a few
things
put some who's going to Australia with
clean Rachel nope we got was so mean of
you to do that that one person Australia
looks way to go though it's so far away
a long over time can I do what tell you
I'm so sad because oh you know what I
think I can't announce though so I'm
really excited about I'm really excited
about I'm excited
ok you're not who you really are online
this is Lily if the cameras were not
rolling this conversation would
literally be what it exactly is
right now just it just so happens that
we're being filmed at the same time
right now um but anyway please Australia
I'm going to Australia okay and Corey's
going to Australia great
what are you excited and Chris
Christopher Robin great my tour manager
from my bus tour he's coming to
Australia and there
gonna be attacking who I don't know
about you've always loved your techies
don't worry and I love Chris so much
Chris but anyway well it's actually not
come from you might not go lean so I
just said that and I probably shouldn't
that's okay look III I want to put him
in the show and I have this idea of
doing it so I was like he's gonna hate
you that's the best penny we'll see what
happens who knows if I'll actually even
go but I want him to go we'll see
because it's also ten trillion dollars
to go to Australia just so you know um
it's very expensive today I was like
okay I want to go struggle in Australia
I need to get tickets flights to go and
I was like well I'm coming home on my
birthday so I want to be first-class
like I usually don't get to do
first-class like unless hit Cory like
should you I do come on boss well I
bought you yeah they look like that
store 99-cent Stewart no like um like
the brown bears chocolate anyway what
was the thing oh so anyway we were I was
like I'm gonna treat myself like
sometimes if like if I'm on a TV show or
if I'm doing like press stuff sometimes
they'll get me first class which is
amazing but when I'm going on tour I pay
for my applied it's obviously and so I
usually don't pay for first class
because it's so expensive and mr. Bosley
I'm gonna go first class to Australia
and Rachel for me and Cory to fly first
class $30,000 ja 30,000 DeLand that's uh
I know and I was like what no way like
are you I thought like at the cute shirt
like this I love that I do
yeah good or else but today's doing
30,000 stop throwing this crap for coach
seats it was like um I think it's like
or a thousand for the two of us isn't
that crazy
like it's not two men jump 16 26 but
also like what's crazy too is like this
is just getting uglier by the second
yeah I know what you're doing I'm a buck
online that's gonna be delicious but
what's annoying is that like but this
time going Australia I don't know if
like their government has changed a lot
over there or what's going on but like
just to go there like we have to fill
out like they need to know my dentist
appointment we've got a little I ever
mentioned last time you just gonna do it
yeah it's like insane they're like you
have to take a picture of yourself in
front of a blank wall but it cannot be a
white wall it has to be a different
color no smiling no glasses no hats your
hair has to be in a bob well days you
have to be wearing Louie Vuitton
backpack and no glasses unless they're
Tyler Oakley's Warby Parker glasses like
they'd like the weirdest specific
instructions I'm like what you couldn't
couldn't wear what like but I was like
who just has like this looks horrendous
I'm sick that's mine Jane my panties
anyway that's the take did you at least
like a pretty good business what did you
at least upgrade to businesses first and
no no it's like there's like three
different lovely
I ply lot so I'm a lot of miles so it's
like well I don't use my miles doesn't
do anything really new your mouse does
at least with my uh airline so the
round-trip flights for the two of us in
economy
it's four thousand dollars love that he
said I mean it's expensive but if I
spend two thousand more dollars and all
of my miles that I've saved up for like
eight years
I might get upgraded to business class I
just spent $2,000 to might give up
credit what's stupid
what the heck like you're like I don't
like not mindful all the airlines were
crazy
that was crazy stupid bull come we eat
these / maybe take a picture of them we
take pictures you can't eat them yet why
can't I eat them cuz they might drying
it'll die me go you know we've got five
we just did you say Papa's back tonight
I think it smells like the cat food like
he loves licking her body she's licking
her fat loves it he's so weird you know
don't give us kisses no I got it and he
ate twice today because I better than
three times you just eat the rest of her
food I gave her a wet food and he went
in and ate it all guys he's not a long
arc you're gonna get so bad he's eating
the kittens food it's only Richard it's
like going bananas saying them and
hearing Paul need to know when mice are
fallible feature as Miranda sings
long-lost sister and here's backup you
think that isn't with the storyline it
does it
you'll see some friendly faces in season
two when you guys know some of them
you're gonna have to look hard for some
of them I'll have to listen hard floor
there is I will say this here's a
spoiler Rachel was there one day
I'm drink post-production and there's
this one character that we needed to
make like a what was like like that kind
of a sound oh yeah and Rachel did it by
day what is the voice of the character
stuff yeah
who's that if she went into the audio
booth and chooses oh I didn't really
five minutes so a bunch of different
times
Oh intent yeah I forgot about that
yeah Where's Waldo your how many like
dang um oh we need this so many yeah
your show is only forgot this so I'm
gonna step in there there's one time of
the extra was really horrible pointless
like oh my good boy just do it well okay
it was me because me give an eye which
like to tell you information but like
let's use an example from I can't there
isn't one but we got giving a note to
the extras like we're like okay in this
situation I'm just gonna make up a
scenario because I can't tell you what
it was like we want everyone to be
screaming and freaking out and the
extras are screaming picking out but the
one that was right behind our actor in
that scene that you could see clear as
day was just like stop a lot and I was
like okay we need to screaming and
freaking out and then again action and
we're like no we need you screaming
freaked out freaked out screamed freaked
out and she just wouldn't do it and I
was like and Cory's just go do it and
they're like um well we can we couldn't
like replace her whatever like you have
to like keep all that she's there
obviously because they're there to do
their job but and they didn't say yes or
no because
technically but lately through Cory and
anyway and Cory's like running around
and like freaking out screaming or ever
but it was just like oh we had like
three minutes left to get the scene and
all I needed was actually just screaming
a freak out and this one long just
wouldn't do it she just was like slow as
a turtle so if you're going because
pretty now is my day we're just like
acting going on our dog to eat our cat
food yeah thankfully hates food and runs
away from it well not sniff it what his
friends are pooping he walks away our
dogs treat the litter box like Nazi oh
and I said are you doing the chocolate
cancer fundraiser this year again yes I
am definitely right here
oh no he's so chunky dresses should I
keep seeing this okay I feel like I can
address this okay but let's go ahead
first I can a be discovered this but
some of the jokes were cut from episode
Netflix did you know this so okay I'm
gonna dress it because people keep
saying things about it and it's like I
need to I just feel like I want to say
something so on Netflix there are two
platforms there is just Netflix panel
Netflix and then there's kids Netflix
which just is like basically if a child
is watching Netflix you put on that you
click it to the kids version and then
that way a parent can leave the room and
come back and know that they're kind of
safe watching whatever they click on
because it's all kid friendly like pee
geez well my show season 1 was not PG
like it there were jokes that were like
sexual innuendos and like things that
were inappropriate
and so it just wasn't on the kids act
like it never has it was sort of on it
before like what you had to search for
it like if you were in the kids app you
could search for haters back off and
find it but it wasn't featured it was
like kind of hidden and then I took it
off completely and so um this year they
really wanted to make sure that this
show could be seen by everybody like
Netflix called Neurath we really want to
show to be seen by everybody that we
want it to be available for kids and for
adults um and I was like well I don't
want to make like a kid show like a
little like Nickelodeon type of show
nothing against that that's just not the
show I made like you guys saw season one
there's like some darker sadder things
and I like the sexual innuendo jokes and
whatever and so they're like well we
talked to the kids version the kids
Department at Netflix and they're really
great to work with and let us know like
okay we're only gonna cut like the few
things that like we just can't fly
because like in some countries like some
words mean something way worse than they
do here like some of the any windows
just like mean too deep of a thing like
- they're like too bad it's like we're
some saying like the f-word and since my
show is available in like 190 countries
or something like that
they have to make sure that it's good
for kids in every country so anyway
there are a few jokes that had to be
trimmed from season one so that it could
be available on the kids app and then
season two will be available on kids and
normal it's the same type of show
there's still the same I mean it's if
the show didn't change that much like in
season one there's just a few little
things that had to be taken out it's
really minimal and only like the really
hardcore like super fans who've seen the
show a million times would even notice
it and so I am seeing a lot of tweets
from people who watch the show before
being like hey where's this junk it
disappeared where's this Joker
disappeared I think there's like five or
six jokes total that were cut and it's
just like a line or like a word and it
was hard for me to like let it go
because I worked so hard on season 1 and
like every word every sentence every
shot every tape that was in it I was
very picky about and so to be like get
through point where I was like okay we
can take these out it was really really
hard it was a big struggle for me to
like change season one so so happy and
proud of how it was when we put it up
originally but um you know we all wanted
the show to be available for everyone of
every age and they were gonna have to
not upload season 2 - the kids app
season 1 was gonna disappear completely
from the kids app which meant that if
you if your TV is set to the kids
version like you just can't see my show
and that's a bummer because there's a
lot of people who have young young kids
and their families and just the kids
that's always up or like you know
whatever is we just wanted to make sure
it's available and friendly for
everybody so there are P jokes that
we're missing that are missing from
season one and that's just how it is and
and I think it's a good thing because it
means that like now everyone can watch
the show and um you know it's not like
they took out scenes like obviously the
end of season 1 it's like really sad and
Ryan is crying and alone and I was like
oh no are they gonna take out the sad
step and like they didn't they just had
to cut like a few words from a few lines
and a couple of episodes so that's what
happened to everyone who keeps asking
about it because a lot of people haven't
asked me about on Twitter um that's what
happened and I don't even know if I'm
like supposed to talk about that or
whatever but I feel like it's a good
thing so you have to take a picture
about that you don't have a place to
take a picture about it
we have white like glory
Rachel I have fog like foxes and boxes
of Folsom in my garage you do I am NOT
gonna be tricked into going to grab I
look at you I'm gonna come back some
sunday Santa Barbara come with me
she shaky you had a Saturday she's
having a summer party with some for his
birthday first birthday yeah oh cool
Inari said oh now she's not able to get
the ornaments yeah one of us is gonna
have to get up okay
Cory's out to save the day oh yeah hey
y'all Dylan please don't sign off just
cuz it's me I'll feel bad found what
come show me there it is that's all it's
done that's all you had to do if they
can't see you it's like watching the
bloopers from the episode when the
people are supposed to be in a club and
there was music in that so originally
and then you cared to talk about you
know they did the music for it nevermind
I'm not be able to explain it in less
than 10 minutes so just get going it was
awkward sounding is what I'm saying
there's no music just answer like a
football I'll leave an eleven I have to
go to the beach tomorrow
like the Seas it's not gonna happen what
what Ballinger trash you said when will
your merch store gets smaller sizes for
your Gators back off pants I need them
before all I mean and they only have
extra-large goal I gotta take their hot
mess like do you have we'll talk about
later but they don't they like never
have anything and like my sweatshirt
that's what happens when they don't have
in pink they don't have it like soup
like extra-extra-large they don't have
my sweatpants in any size and stuff
well I think the reason was better
she's Harrah's she'll get you I don't
know give me your camera let's make this
happen
like if we do it's on I love that like
I'm not even like Jimmy anymore muesli
okay this looks so dumb I think you
don't need anything I think white is the
way to go why can't you can do like
there's even a little option I mean I
mean you might have to move yes I'm
loving this happened and in the distance
were such losers hey whatever live
streaming all of this Wayne welcome to
adulthood y'all my hand yes hold your
hand underneath you can't get my hand
you can take dark like come to
I'll hold it let them because I don't
know the threads draw extra this is
extra this looks really dumb Rachel it's
not my fault you're a dirty mouth it's
not dirty it's the stuff that we just
used we judge is so extra I love it I
mean stupid like that within the
distance drama still looks stupid
so excitable guys it's good to close
formal there's no way to make this cute
to eat our Apple subscribers are eating
the apples yeah I think the only the
only solution is to just do it like this
yeah with nothing this is Oh ugly look
at 714 X
yeah alright guys I'm done it took that
this is the most extra thing I've ever
done in my whole life and we're going
now I love you thanks for watching have
a good day goodbye
