hello everybody tonight I'm starting a
blog very late in the day usually I've
logged the whole day but today she won
the whole day working and tonight
I'm going over Frankie's house because
he invited me to go to Hollywood whore
nights
now I used to go every year with Frankie
and Ari to a Highwood Horror Nights I
didn't go last year I don't know if I
went to here before maybe I did late
last I do not do well at these things
last time I went goes l ended up
throwing up all over the ghosts and
demons and I'm not kidding she actually
vomited in one of the fun houses I
almost peed my pants I like couldn't
sleep because it just terrified me so
much so I don't do well these things
plus an really jet-lagged cuz I got home
from Europe yesterday M overs calling me
so I gotta go you know you're at
Frankie's house when you leave the
bathroom and running today what's up you
guys wait I look highlight is killing
yeah hi everyone I'm stealing her blog
I'm ok so I've captured going I'm taking
her to Halloween Horror Nights against
her will but she's terrified so last
time when I took her she's a little
traumatized because blows al projectile
vomited all over things like I don't the
only time I ever watch scary movies in
my life is when I'm with you or Ariana
no one else can get me to watch them and
no one else can get me to go to Hanoi
this muscle is like don't violate good I
look 74 now with this like filter
scared because I know it starts right
away I'm like already freaking out for
is living well so that we can feed the
actors there Barry
no you guys have to hold on speed
non-stop I'm gonna hold on to all the
parts okay good you guys how about we
come mm so far how you doing
we're going into the shining
I hate this the only people on the
planet I was terrified I was in Thank
You Frankie for inviting me I love you
and your family I know you're on time
no well let's do it again sometime right
now let's just hang out like normal
people you know I only like to take it
as traumatizing situations yeah
