just got out my laptop to edit and they
called us to the gauge what times you
get up this morning Lee are you happy
about that
you guys I am in Wales I'm in Cardiff I
had never been here before I knew
nothing about this place before I came
and it is gorgeous it's so pretty look
at this I love it here it's so pretty
I'm having so much fun on this tour it's
like honestly probably the best way I've
ever been on I'm having so much fun and
I'm so happy I love you guys and I'm
into the theater this is the theater
today crazy
I usually don't really get to go in the
audience at all only experience what
it's like on the stage so to come up in
the theater and see what it would be
like to be in the last row it's crazy
it's so high up here I'm out of breath
from Clemens there's crazy look how far
that is
there is nuts I think tonight is almost
sold out so that's really excited this
place is it's huge it's time for a sound
check I got up at 5:00 a.m.
Oh
oh yeah about to do the mean greet but I
have this shirt that I got today so I've
gotten a shirt in every city that we're
in this one says only the Welsh can
bitch I actually don't even know how to
say it I don't know what it means
somebody asked everyone at the mean
greet what bag that means oh my god okay
just got off stage and it was such an
incredible audience like I can't even
explain how much fun that show was it
was really sad for me that it was the
last show this tour no it was a short
tour for me usually I do a lot more but
this one was only five shows this has
been the most incredible week and a half
the audience this has been amazing
meeting you guys are in the world is
amazing and I just feel so grateful and
like I don't know I just can't explain
it I know I'm so corny lately online but
like I'm so genuine with what I'm saying
I mean it so much like I am so grateful
for you guys and um yeah during my bout
tonight I almost heard crying because I
was just like I could like looking out
and seeing so many people smiling and
like oh it just made me so happy it's
nice to know that like I can go on stage
and escape all the scary horrible things
that are going on for an hour and 15
minutes and that you guys can escape the
horrible scary things that are going on
in the world or in your personal lives
and just have a night of being silly and
laughing and having fun I think it's so
necessary right now to remind each other
to smile and laugh and be kind and
choose happiness when the world is so
full of hate and just really scary stuff
I have a lot of emotions right now but
the biggest one is just gratefulness
thank you for watching my videos thank
you for buying tickets to my shows thank
you for letting me tour the world I am
so grateful I would not have any of this
work for you guys so let me guys so much
oh sure really nice listen do you sing
apart from the piano playing under the
boys is here last night time to hang out
for 20 minutes and go to bed just
kidding we're gonna go through the gifts
maybe play some really intense game of
uno and then go to bed
why does uno make you crossly
yes it does no I played a game fairly
and I get crossing over other people are
cheating bastards who cheats Wow your
mom cheats cheats her sister cheats you
allow them to cheat and give you cards
vault we're all equal in this world why
you know is the perfect game I'm into
the world equal we'll play it in a week
well everything else
look are like literally every card in
the deck takes me 45 minutes to get to
where the car darling bollocks are they
this is Tacoma - off like 50 cards a
queen I had so much fun with the boys
tonight is 1:00 in the morning
we just thought left the room but we
played uno and just laughed so hard he
is such a legend he's so freakin funny
just so happy I feel very lucky thanks
flooding this see my job and I love you
guys and see what's up everybody it's
the final day of tour because but we
don't even have a show so it doesn't
even feel like door anymore I woke up
feeling really sad and really grateful
for the experience but you're in Cardiff
right now I'm running around just seeing
the city and look it's a castle and then
we're gonna go hang out in London for
the day so I'm really excited it's gonna
be a great last day I'm really sad to go
but I'm really excited to see gus-gus
we made it to London we rolled really be
finally everyone's bodies are just like
oh we're done with tour now I can crash
I am happy to be in London and to
experience it with my friends so we're
just kind of walking around we got here
kind of late it's like 5:00 it's not
really too much we can do but what we
found a bunch of rafidhi I feel like
we're gonna take an Instagram picture
so after walking around Buckingham
Palace we wanted Indian food because we
don't have very good Indian food in
America at least it's not as good as it
is here in my experience so I looked up
Indian food and we found this place
called chutney Mary and it was the best
Indian food I've ever had in my life so
if you guys are ever in London and you
like Indian food I highly recommend what
did you think Lee Oh Lord all my that
was absolute delight yes like ridiculous
just keep me in their feed me some
samosas all day yeah it was so good
they had chefs cooks from all over India
doing their specialty dish from their
hometown inside the restaurant and you
think I'm making this up no it's true
it really is true like it was it was
incredible so good so now we're gonna go
back to the tower off really tired and
we're probably just gonna like watch a
movie or something go to sleep and then
tomorrow flight home to my gus-gus I'm
home of crazy jet lag I woke up at 5
a.m. and it's so much fun in Europe
thank you to everyone who came to the
shows it was just a freaking blast I'm
so happy to be home
Gus cuddled me all night long and it was
the best ever
a lot of really exciting things are
coming up soon because haters back off
season 2 is coming out very soon so you
guys have a lot of special fun things
that will beat wrinkled out onto the
Internet
very shortly I had so much fun vlogging
I hope you guys enjoyed the vlogs and
yeah now I can be home and focus on
YouTube and some other fun stuff and my
family and my friends and I'm just the
happiest I love you guys and I'll see
you next time
