hello everybody good morrow it is
September 24th iemon and burrow Scotland
and it is Eric Stockland birthday today
so I don't have a present for him
because I'm a really good friend but we
did order a cake and I think there might
be balloons I don't know but I
definitely get him a present so girl I'm
gonna lose my friends lettuce Brenda
pant down it's about to do a sound check
it's about to do a sound check yeah it
very much it's so tired venue this is
what it looks like it's the bunny boy
it's time for the paint and paint
nineteen eleven years old so you love
the poem
happy birthday - Wow eleven years old
happy birthday bitches
guys my camera is not with me it's in
one of the suitcases at the venue and
I'm back at the hotel now but I'm just
on Twitter after every show I just like
love to be on Twitter and look what you
guys are saying and open your presents
and just hang out with you guys I guess
and I just saw a video that a group of
you had balloons purple and yellow
balloons I'm gonna cry
had purple balloons representing the
purple heart and then gold balloons
representing the childhood cancer ribbon
and you're in an brew and you guys all
met up today you're all like Twitter
friends and they used the hashtag uber
net and let the balloons go in honor of
Natalie who is the sweet girl who passed
away from cancer recently and I just
thought it was so sweet and just means a
lot to me and not only that you'd do
something to remember Natalie but just
to see like friends form on the internet
and that you guys meet in person and you
spent your time together to do something
really sweet for someone else it just
touched my heart so much and I just love
you guys and thank you so much for
everything I don't know this tour has
just been so amazing and meeting guys
and hugging you and talking to you and
just seeing how incredible people you
are and reading your letters like I cry
every night at least but from one letter
that you guys have given me with a story
is about like horrible things you've
gone through or are going through or
sicknesses you've had or people in your
family who passed away and you just are
all so strong and so amazing anyway I
just watch that video on Twitter and it
just blew me away like how sweet and
thoughtful and kind that was like to do
something in memory of Natalie it was so
great I just mostly I just wanted to say
thank you to those who did that it meant
a lot to me yeah the show was great
tonight the audience was amazing and so
many thoughts like I just I kind of want
to talk for forever but I won't bore you
in this vlog but pretty much I just want
to say like thank you to everyone who's
coming to my shows
giving me hugs and said sweet things to
me giving me letters and presents and
just even just smiled at me or hugged me
anything like that you don't know how
much it means to me it's been such a
crazy hard year and especially the last
six months have been
I'm just grueling with like the hate I
have been getting online and the amount
of work I've been doing and stress I've
had and to see so much hate online and
see how much people are just cruel to me
recently
I know sometimes just gets hard and you
get your head so to meet you guys in
person and to hug you and talk to you
and get to know you just means so much
more than I think you guys understand
and I'm just really happy and I love you
a lot and you guys are amazing that's
all I want to say I have to wake up in a
few hours to fly to Cardiff because I
have a show there tomorrow so I love you
tomorrow
