mom she's big today Quarles is crazy to
take when I sleep on my hair and it's
curly then I wake up I don't wash my
hair very often it's like super frizz
balls so I had to like touch it up with
a curling iron and my hair holds curl
like you just touch it with a curling
iron for a hot second it goes PIP I try
to touch it up with a curling iron and
now it's just like the biggest craziest
weave yeah today we are in Edinburgh and
I'm so like that it didn't then we're
gonna go explore castle tomorrow's
Eric's birthday so we have a show
tomorrow so we can't really celebrate
his birthday tomorrow I'm sorry Eric so
we're gonna celebrate it today in
Scotland we're just gonna kind of run
around and celebrities birthday so we've
really been oh my god I love this city
so much I need to buy a hat good lord
this weave needs to be tamed I love this
day so much I've only ever been here
during the Fringe Festival so this is a
different experience for me
yay do you like it what's this one Lee
this is the Citadel Scotland
it's got phoenixes and on it where
Mary Queen of Scots probably prayed to
think I just find it are you about to be
a tour guide yes this building here is
where you're performing on Sunday right
there oh my girl doctor the great singer
pop star uh sure himself he recently
snapped a picture of his penis extension
we just saw the royal crown jewels and I
stole them for me and Corey sit on my
freakin weed now I am The Queen we
stopped in a little cafe to get a snack
and I found two things that are exciting
to me a tea cake which if you guys have
been watching me forever you know bring
it up sesame seed cakes and also sign
brews which the first time I came to
Scotland at Michelle I got like 40 cans
of iron from you guys and it's like a
very popular drink here and I actually
really liked it so I'm gonna make the
boys cry it because you have to try our
Andrew while you're at scholars but this
is the moment
oh yeah now remember it's like bubblegum
like training here we have some haggis
she's about to eat it
she's about to eat it she's about to eat
it the haggis was delicious now we're
walking around and one of my favorite
things about the city is you can just
walk down any creepy alleyway and it's
still amazing so we chose one to walk
down creepy Evie we found something
see that over there what's that Lee
Jinora so what are they what I know you
I know you kind of are seeing it more
like owl no no that's how I've always
said that an oil no at the zero no voice
at our that's how I said how know I know
my hair is so crazy so I bought I need
help with this hat I feel like it just
looks like when you make Jiffy Pop I
don't know my hair was crazy so we have
decided to go on an underground tour
I've never done before I've been here we
have I've been here twice before I've
never done this and I've always wanted
to so I'm super excited because most of
the cities we've been to so far we just
kind of redid this up I've already done
in those cities so the fact that I get
to do something new it's very exciting
and I am realizing how much I embrace my
tourist ISM by always wearing a very
embarrassing hat that makes me stick out
like a sore thumb
but listen Oh our tour starting do
total bust before dinner we're kind of
like hanging on celebrating Eric's
birthday today so having a drink which I
very rarely do so if I get a little
sloppy later in the vlog it's because I
drink once a year so having them nice
little cocktail are you gonna do it yeah
oh hello almost very bright I forgot to
close at the vlog yesterday I'm having
so much fun in Europe but I'm trying to
just like enjoy it like a vacation
though I haven't been keeping up with
the vlogs every day I've been like
totally slacking I hope you're enjoying
it too tour is almost over and I have so
anyway I love you
