hey baby
do every
oh well I'm putting on mascara dude
what's up guys I wanted you to see what
my mornings are like now that we have
moose moose is obsessed with me and I
love it he's obsessed with Cory - he
loves Cory Cory is like the rule maker
the cuddle bug that Cory's like his best
friend but I'm like his I'm his cuddle
friends like we just cuddle and he just
loves me and I he's so sweet I have a
knife he just went to the vet to get
checked up with Cory and I got a couple
packages
I felt like vlogging today I'm not gonna
edit this so it's gonna be kind of a
sloppy vlog I am in the homestretch
coming up to some deadlines on projects
I'm working on so I am very stressed
right now and that's why I've been a
little bit m.i.a from the internet and
whenever I say that people was like
clean you literally were online
yesterday
am ia from the internet compared to what
I'm used to
I I'm used to vlogging every day posting
four times a week on Miranda it's like
this print out or cool eval Jenelle what
the heck guys why are you meow that was
Gus Gus never Gus never meows guys
what's going on what's going on hey
buddy
why are you crying huh I think he wants
to go outside because now that we have
moose moose goes outside to go pee and
poo and we leave the door open for him
and the cats are allowed to go outside
and play with our supervision anyway so
sorry I said psycho spray no and not
clean Ballinger I did change my name of
my other channel to cleavage or not fix
print anymore to be sensitive to those
mental illness and I'm still getting
used to it so every once in a while I'll
still accidentally say psychos reto or
also accidentally say oh that's crazy or
I'll say that didn't say
I'm still getting used to like figuring
out new verbage to use and it's just
going to take some getting used to but
know that I am working on it I want to
be sensitive to mental illness and I
think now is the time to do that because
people have been ignoring it or not
looking at mental illness with any
seriousness for a long time and now it's
finally people are starting to respect
that it is a real illness it's a real
disease it's a real issue people work on
and I have to struggle with every day
and by us saying that's crazy or that's
insane that's psycho and using it as a
negative term to explain something is
really disrespectful to people who are
actually struggling with mental illness
so other thing I am still working on it
I'm still gonna make mistakes everyone
smile you guys might hear me say in a
video like oh that's crazy or something
like that and it's because I'm still
learning and I I am at a point now where
I can catch myself so when I say it I'm
like oh I should have said that and then
I want to rewind and fix it
but just be patient with me as I'm
learning to like change my Burbidge but
anyway how's a long one did we're just
saying all that stuff I got a couple
packages Oh forever 21 so I shop at
forever 21 I used to do it all the time
in the overnight I hadn't done it in
like a year or maybe less than that but
I in the middle of the night when I
can't sleep to get my mind off of
everything I'm stressed on it I will
shop I don't even know that this one is
excited about because okay so graveyard
girl is youtuber bunny and I love her
I've watched her forever
she mm uh she was the first youtuber i
watched where she could post a 20 minute
video and i've watched every second like
i think she's so awesome i love what she
stands for I love everything about her
she's clean content Gus I'm trying to
talk she's good clean content that's fun
and she is herself and she's confident
and just sweet and I just I love her
I've never met her I never even a talked
to her before this week but I always
wanted to have always admired her so
much um anyway I'll say it I think she's
really awesome
I think she's really cool and like
pretty and amazing and I just love her
she sent me a box I'm rambling this is
what happening I don't edit you guys I
just ramble so normally I would edit all
that out I just feel like oh my god just
open the box plain like if I was editing
this right now a bit why do I talk so
much just to open the frickin box new
box means the box is finish okay so I
already bought this online because I
like the support my fellow youtubers oh
my god I'm so excited
look she has I have to make a video with
this but she has oh my god so pretty
this is so freaking cool she has her own
blow dryer curling iron all the stuff so
I think I'm going to do a video like a
main channel video reviewing it and
using it cuz oh my gosh it's the whole
set this is when I bought it online too
so I'm gonna have an extra maybe I'll
give it one away oh my god this is so
cool so Betty is the sweetest I'm so
grateful that she sent me this is so
nice so um you know when I get the one
in the mail that I purchased I will do
the video with it and and I will give
one away and try them out but this so
cool Congrats to her this is incredible
anyway let's see I actually I think I'm
gonna open this up and then I'll show
you guys what I got coz I'm wrapping it
all it's just gonna take forever and
this is already been going for a really
long time alright so first thing is some
jeans that look like they're not going
to fit me they look like they're gonna
be really short because I have really
long legs I'm five six um it's so
interesting when I meet you guys
you either say oh my gosh you're so much
smaller than I thought or oh my gosh
you're so much taller than I thought um
so that's that's something interesting
I'm like oh I never thought about that
like how you don't know how tall I am or
how big I am or whatever I'm five six
and I really long legs have a short
torso another one way
so those pants don't fit me these are
high-waisted but they look too big and
they also look too short so I don't know
I'll try them on there also see that's
why I like shopping at forever 21 in the
middle tonight because the clothes are
really cheap so if they don't fit me
it's not the end of the world it's like
I can donate them or give them to a
friend or family member and I don't feel
that upset I got this little crop top
which I actually think is cute I know
crop tops are out by the way like I feel
like I can't get out of the styles like
high-waisted jeans and crop tops but I
know that like that's not the Sally Marr
but I don't know what the style is like
what is what am I supposed to be wearing
right now I don't even understand I
don't know what fashion is I don't know
styles are so but I got this rep another
persecute about a lot of jewelry which
is funny because I don't wear jewelry so
I don't know why I bought some sorry but
I got these bracelets okay so I think
these are kind of cute earrings which
are fine all very generic and they're
cute so I was right do my nails are
disgusting so I apologize for how gross
they are but I literally all I've been
doing is working and not going out of my
house at all so um I got these earrings
which again aren't that cute if it were
just freaking focus why does my camera
not want to focus on this but music
idiot barely black little studs at the
top and they're like iridescent
I got some like silver rings camera I
got a weird necklace with like a pearl
on it okay so here is like these are
classic example of buying things on the
internet and not knowing the size so
when you buy things on the internet you
don't know what you're gonna get and I
bought these on the internet thinking
they were small and dainty and then when
I got them I was like hole those are not
small and dainty so these I would never
aware these in a million years I mean I
cannot imagine a world in which I look
I'm already like I just don't really
wear
Jewelry and I certainly don't wear like
dangly big chunky jewelry like I would
never wear this um this is an i-love-you
thing like in sign language come on
focus so actually that's kind of a good
fine three bucks for a little I love you
sign and I'm always doing like I love
you on the Internet that was cool that
was a success I'll wear the earrings
these earrings Oh might wear the Rings
either the bracelet for the big tangled
knot for me all right so moving on I
bought this big sweater sweatshirt thing
I thought this was gonna be like a cozy
like thick material like this but it's
really lightweight I bought this because
I am such a hermit crab these days I
literally live obviously in sweatpants
at sweatshirts as I'm working at home
all day I want to be cozy and
comfortable so I wanted some new
sweatshirts that were like cute that I
could wear out but also could wear at
home be cozy this is paper thin which I
mean is fine it's good for LA because la
is like a trillion degrees right now
but the problem is somehow I do this a
lot I bought two so Rachel's getting
into sweatshirt I'm really excited about
this one I actually got some good
purchases this is a Rugrats sweatshirt
and it's huge I got it in a large
because I like being in oversized
sweaters these days like that's all I
want to do is wear a cozy cozy soft big
billowy sweatshirt that's like all I
want to wear every day of my life so
this is wide more than it is long but I
think it's awesome because Rugrats was
my favorite show no yeah this one I'm so
excited about I'm gonna explode
everywhere I got this in the men's
department
it is Whitney Houston and it's a
sweatshirt pullover sweater and it's
really out of focus it's really really
cozy and really soft this was a steal
this was a really good purchase I'm
really stoked on this it was 27 bucks
this is the most expensive thing I
bought I think
so I'm really stoked on that but the
men's department just so you know ladies
if you like fun funky like graphic
design stuff on shirts like that's where
I get a lot of my like sweaters and
stuff at forever 21 is from the men's
department on the internet they had like
funny phrases and things at home but
that's how I got that this is the crop
top with cactus on it which I thought
was really cute all these like
succulents and cacti here is the
leftover sweater that I'm gonna get
Rachel and last and definitely least the
ugliest jacket in the universe I really
liked the white sweater I wore on Ryan
and Kelly went on Halloween that like
cat sweater it was like cozy and fuzzy
and I noticed a lot of people wearing
like fur I'm not gonna wear fur I love
animals
I'll wear fake fur so I buy cheap fake
fur stuff and fake leather stuff and
this is the ugliest thing I've ever seen
I don't know what made me want to
purchase this but I did it's uh I will
say this it's ugly but it is really soft
like super super cozy really soft fake
fur my battery died so just got a new
battery in here but this is the sweater
jacket first of all I have really long
arms so it doesn't fit my arms it is
just really ugly I mean it's really the
ugliest thing I've ever seen it's not a
good color it's just a gross cut it has
a hood which is weird I think but I'm
gonna wear it because I bought it and
it's really soft so this will be like my
I'm taking the dog out to play at night
jacket or something and the cats will
like it cuz it's soft and they'll think
I'm a cat I don't know I just said that
that's this real sentence I just said
I'm gonna try on those pants and no it
just looks like I pick my nose I didn't
toss her in a ditch right here and my
finger slipped
don't compromise
alright I'm this close I look so tired
because I am I went to sleep before ok
here the pants so too short on me they
fit me they're too short but like
weirdly baggy in the crotch like I think
it's because I don't have a butt like at
all like I do not have a butt so pants
are meant to like fit a butt and mine
don't so then I end up getting this like
baggy pooch in the crotch and in the
butt area but they're okay they're just
like I mean they're too big like they're
much too big on me no they're fine for
like being around the house and like
stuff I don't like care about fashion or
I care about clothes so much so if
things don't fit me really that well or
they're kind of like ugly I'm kind of a
yeah well you know this is the cactus
crop top and things like you these are
some ripped jeans from Express but these
are this is my little outfit I think I
like the sweater I think it's cute it's
like wide necked I don't know it's cute
it was cheap and these pants I think I
got for free at Express cuz I bought a
pair and they're having sale you get one
you going for a dollar or got one free
or something but it is cold in my house
so I'm going to put on this sweater
oh my god I approve of this message this
is so I have a little signal i.t this is
so cozy oh I love it I love Whitney
Houston this is so soft inside guys like
oh my gosh this isn't I don't understand
like I understand like that people don't
like forever 21 because the clothes fall
apart or they're cheap or whatever I'm
also wearing earrings from there but
like these earrings for example I got
I'm sorry it's not focused at all which
maybe is a good thing because I look at
trashy but the earrings came in a set of
like 12 different earrings and it was
like five dollars and like this sweater
was like 27 or something like that 25
and it's so cozy and I feel like people
spend nowadays like a hundred two
hundred dollars on a sweatshirt that
they think is cool and I'm like
why would I like people like make fun of
me all the time in my agent I hope you
like clean why do you not buy like nice
things like why don't you buy like the
nicer clothes and a nicer car like I
still have the same car I've had forever
I grew up with no money my family did
not have money at all like uhm and I
didn't care I was never like pissy about
it or mad about it I had such a good
childhood and I had so much fun and my
parents taught me how to have fun and
have a good time without money and so
anyway I'm gonna try to start this over
because it's blurry
there we go so in terms of the lighting
is bad it won't focus anyway oh sorry oh
so I grew up in the money people think
that I grew up with money because I grew
up in Santa Barbara which is a rich town
but we lived a really tiny house with
really cheap rent and my my dad was the
income my mom tried to work other jobs
she tried to have a daycare sure you
work at schools like I book parents
trying to make a living and my dad would
work a full day and then at night go and
paint windows cuz he's an artist to make
like an extra 50 bucks like we didn't
have a lot of money so I didn't grow up
with the expensive things and I didn't
care I like we had so much fun like you
know we kind of there's some jokes about
it in the self health book but like
instead of going to the zoo my dad would
take me to the pound and we'd look at
all the dogs and we're like their
animals like it was free and those are
animals like we got to look at them and
play with them and see them and like and
I didn't it never thought twice about it
I also we would go hiking we'd go to the
beach we do free activities my dad would
get a refrigerator box out of the trash
out of the Ralphs parking lot and paint
it to look like a puppet theater or he
would paint it look like a race car or
you know like we we figured out ways to
make it fun to not have money so I want
to say like it really taught me that
like you don't need money to be happy
and honestly the only thing I have ever
spent a lot of money on is my house I
don't spend a lot of money on clothes I
don't have a nice car I don't buy
expensive things I literally just have
this house and it is a very nice house
it's big and it's beautiful when it's
brand-new
and I worked really hard I worked for 10
years saved up all my money and bought
this house and I bought a big house
because I know I know I want a huge
family and I have a big family and
they're always staying here like
literally this bed is open right now
because Bailey slept here the other
night the boy slept in another room
Cory lives here I'm always having people
stay the night here so I love having a
big house even if I move out of this
house soon which is the plan if I sell
this house and buy a new one I'd still
get a huge house because I have a big
family so that's only thing I've ever
spent money on and yeah because I think
you can save money and I think you can
like what I promise you I promise you
I'm gonna get a lot of compliments on
this sweatshirt and it was $25 and if
you don't need to buy really expensive
things I don't know what I'm saying this
is why I edit my videos guys because
otherwise I travel and I just talk about
nothing like what am i tough what am I
talking about what am I talking about
I'm talking about how I didn't have
money growing up and how you don't need
to spend money to - what - what because
I also like if you want to spend your
money on fancy expensive things like
live your life like I don't care about
that I don't know why I'm what am I
talking about
talking about me I talk about me and why
I don't spend money oh yeah oh my god
because my agent and I have friends have
really clean like you have money spend
it on like a nice car spend it on
whatever and I don't because I don't
need to like I don't care about that
stuff
I don't need this been on that stuff
because I wasn't raised thinking like oh
you need to have fancy cars you need to
have fancy houses you need a fancy
clothes I was raised on like
hand-me-downs for my mom's friends kids
and like in high school I love shopping
at the thrift store like um so yeah but
I also like I look at people like my
friend Trish who loves spending her
money on really fancy cars and fancy
clothes and expensive shoes and I'm not
like what an idiot she should save her
money I'm like live your life girl yes
get that like cool if you earn your
money and you work hard to get to spend
on whatever you want what am I talking
about what am i defending
am I talking about I love it I've I just
spent like ten minutes
defending why I shop at forever 21
because I was nervous people are gonna
come for me and be like why are you
buying cheap lame clothes but I like
them and that's the answer I like them
and I don't care about like really fancy
expensive things I don't like wasting
money on things like that because to me
it's wasted money because I wouldn't
appreciate it but it's not always the
money if you appreciate it
what am I talking about
I guess
I knew him buddy yeah cutie-patootie
mostly came back from the vet and he's
healthy he's good
they just said that um he's clearly been
hurt he's clearly been abused that's why
he's so scared
Cory's working with him right now but
he's like he's really attached to me and
Cory which is cool but it's like also
really sad that he's just literally
scared of everything and he's scared of
everyone and everything so we're working
with them I'm just glad he's like in a
home now where people will be nice to
him then working my tushy off all day
but now I got animal style fries if you
don't know what those are I feel really
sad for you but I'm having in-and-out
which is my favorite fast food place in
the universe it's in California and
people who aren't from California come
and eat it they got this is somewhere
rated and if you're from California it
is the Holy Grail
sorry moose he's angry that no one's
sitting with them right now but animal
cell fries are amazing and I'd catch it
to them and I'm gonna eat them better
than Shake Shack yeah people say Shake
Shack is better in New York and she
checks fine but in and out is so much
better what do you think moose do you
like in and out wag your tail if you
like in and out did I get enough yes
isn't that the best thing in the world
yeah hello everyone it's like 2:00 in
the morning and I'm currently watching
her Island and Trish get paparazzi I am
so tired I should keep working but I
just don't want to I want to go to bed
so that's what I'm gonna do tomorrow
Christopher my brother's coming over
we're gonna write together for a
different project I'm working on a
meeting and yes I do know when Trish is
coming over tomorrow so um I'll
definitely vlog because I love her so
much and yeah my kitties are just
hanging out with me being the sweetest
little buddies you know sweetest all
right so I hope you guys liked this vlog
this unedited the dog for you I love you
and I promise my videos will be back up
soon
I'll be doing vlogs I'll be doing like
I'm really excited to like do new type
of stuff on my channels and like put a
lot of thought and effort into them but
for the next couple of weeks my videos
just need to be like whatever simple and
easy cuz just don't have time um yeah
I'm gonna go to bed I'm gonna feed these
fat fat cats I'm gonna
