hey everybody welcome to a new day we
are here in Amsterdam and this is the
theater about to go do the meet and
greet here we go
you ready for me boom accent who is
making funny grams per megaparsec don't
you have fun accent stop filming me
stop filming me why you filming me
they're very nice very excited I know I
would do eat them yeah let's go say hi
to everybody
oh my god you guys brought so many
presents tonight so we're gonna be here
a while going through all these thank
you so much you guys are so sweet
I'll open some of him on camera for you
you guys are the sweetest listen I'm
losing my voice can you hear I sound
raspy tonight was stressful so when we
started the show the video wasn't
working the computer was breaking the
audio was going out it was like it was
uh everyone was like freaking out
backstage like what are we gonna do what
we're gonna do is we switched to the
other computer that we have and it was
just supposed to be to start the show
over again it was very stressful so the
first like half the show was like just
freaking out on stage and I felt like I
didn't do my best but then during one of
the audience participation parts we
brought this guy onstage and he was so
funny Dan he was like super super funny
and then there's this part of the new
part of my show where Eric comes on
stage and I needing bubble tape with the
boy and we're like getting late leading
the trampling close together and eric
patrick interrupts brandon this boy and
then without missing a beat
dan immediately puts the gum in Eric's
mouth to finish the ladyandtramp moment
with patrick and it was so funny i lost
it was really funny so anyway now we got
to go through these presents this is
insane
oh my gosh I'm so excited a puzzle of
Amsterdam I am obsessed with puzzles so
this is like my jam and I'm gonna use it
as a tripod so double-whammy I wanted to
buy some poor and I wanted to buy some
so I'm so excited thank you we're gonna
wear these around the house all the time
halli Galli is this like a card game
this is fun and delicious the
Netherlands Dan this is the legend who
came on stage today and made me laugh so
thank you now I can sleep with Obama
dressed also sip some tea while I'm
doing it thank you damn this is for
Parker he's gonna love it
messages in a bottle this is so cute
lettuce you a cute they're tasting
what are you eating tastes like
Christmas
oh yeah and you tasted it without me
filming don't you know how the internet
works you only enjoy things while you're
being filmed for the internet slow
Magnus we have a very racist holiday and
the Netherlands called sinter Klaas
literal truth they'd lock up what
holiday might be extremely racist but
the food Candy's amazing is this for
real this is racist candy its box a
picture right so it means it's like
think that it's meant to be that they
come down the chimney policy is they
have a March where everyone goes are the
blocks up well you need to fix that my
review this matter dearly can you please
stop shut up mooning about bath bombs
it's been a year since you'd be going
all about them because I'm such a nice
person I decided to get you bath bombs
thank you very much this is the cutest
little Journal oh we got crazy oh how
cute sunflower socks it's just a game or
something but Ansel Jules
so my scrapbooks cute little throw
stones oh no my cat socks cat lice thank
you toy free Gus Gus who I miss very
much thank you so much you will love
this so cute how cute is this hat thank
you yes to a bedazzled hat living for
this okay notes from the upside down
stranger things
how cute is this little Amsterdam
backpack cute little mug look at sticky
wet sticky Amsterdam back oh the unicorn
shirt they love each other
keep smiling this is so cute a nice
little candle don't you live well laughs
off and love much this is so cute that
bum candy more cookies oh god the amount
of cookies we have over the pretzels
incredible so I can be a poorness it so
extra I love it so much only to
Amsterdam I mean all I got was this
lousy t-shirt
incredible Miranda in a little bag this
I don't even know what this is it's so
crazy
hippies cleans cookies these are so cute
how many presents you guys draft
everything oh my god is it candy what if
it's a squishy I know this is but bro
I'm gonna cut it open as Miranda a
unicorn oh you can grow unicorn in the
hatches I'm freaking out that is we're
at it this is a big old box is open here
I got all these trades we gotta try you
little too like a tulip bulbs for my mom
I want to freak out this is for Gus so
cute
happy sent happiness sent let's read a
movie I miss braid up
it's made me so happy
it actually gonna doesn't be happy there
is so much more stuff we have to go
through this is crazy but I got so many
amazing things including like letters
and beautiful drawings and pictures like
me as a cat Gus like a watercolor of Gus
is an incredible picture like Miranda I
love you so much thank you forever I
love you it's very late I'm gonna go to
bed and I'll see you tomorrow
good morning hey guys so we are headed
to Scotland today we have a little bit
of time and Amsterdam turnaround but I'm
giving my hair a rest from the
straightener today cuz girl she is
getting burnt to a crisp we're on a boat
I got a hat
Stockman's excited
but first let me take a selfie
we made it to Edgar and you're looking
for a pub but then I saw pizza for us
and everyone from the UK is gonna kill
me she goes instead of going to a
traditional Scottish pub I just go to
Six Bells
Robbo dough balls is so good the stores
in the world I'm shocked do you admit at
that well you know the name of this city
incorrectly but we can't see it with our
accents like we just sound dumb so a lot
of Americans including myself say
Edinboro and that's like totally wrong
and Lee's been laughing at me it's like
Edinborough I can't is that right that
again like a front yeah it's good what's
it like close it you know what's better
than what you normally say which is what
Edinboro american I don't know what I'm
doing but first let me take a selfie
