I never wanna go home I'm so sad that I
ever have to leave it here push don't
leave it's beautiful here okay so we're
gonna go to a sex museum I'm sure I'm
not a lot of Delmon here so seen a
little bit oh yes
last time I was here too the picture by
this made it as my thumbnails and said
it looked like Miranda Zeus I think aunt
sho very much in here because very
pornographic there's some young little
tots watching I don't remember what I
showed you guys last time I was here but
I feel like I really can't film anything
so inappropriate we're in like the
bondage area on all this place wait guys
these are condoms this is so weird
we just went up to the top of a clock
tower it was a church actually and the
view was beautiful and it was really
awesome I did it lots of miles here as
well but I wanted the boys to see it
because it's like one of the best things
to do and it was just the four of us and
one other guy and I like doing the stuff
that's not as tourists eeks I don't like
the big crowds it was still very
touristy but it was like not asteroids
Diaz other stuff you'd have done anyway
here's that footage
we've so much fun today walking around
Amsterdam and now I'm a little fancied
up not really I'm just wearing a fancier
jacket because we're going to a
three-star Michelin restaurant which is
a huge deal there's only there's not
very many of these in the world and we
went to this one last time I was here
our promoter is a big foodie and loves
really fancy food and this place was
such an insane experience last time we
did it so I'm so excited to do it again
and I'm really excited to see the boys
try it because I'm sure it's gonna blow
their mind excuse me do I have my
appetizer
razmik you're reliable I'm a simple man
with simple tastes all along redness oil
these upset about the bread on the table
just making me want to eat it all the
time too much - too much what do you do
how do you like it so far nothing my
taste buds are on a whirlwind of an
adventure how do you like it so far
we just finished it was so amazing
Lee's talking about putting food in his
bake again right now it was so good
three-star Michelin restaurant which if
you don't know what that is you should
look it up because it's crazy it's hard
to become a three-star Michelin
restaurant you have to be the best of
the best and that food is the best of
the best
it's insane it like feels like science
on your tongue and your brain is like I
don't get it very exciting I can't
believe I've gotten the opportunity to
do it twice can I give my life yes
highlights really my number one bread
number two mutter over three wine number
four that sweet to your phone
yeah bread butter Shamu one of the type
of moments is not the spoon moment can
you please I will tell you this food
moment between a very serious course of
some round imagine that didn't look like
food we're setting the way Eric holds
off a spoon mrs. Eric holds up a spoon
says what is this your child over there
you know a thorn you're older doesn't
even know what a spoon is what's this
pretty pink or flee to the fork off get
yourself some cutlery no it's up
