good morning everybody sandwich hello
you guys might remember I'm Thomas from
a million vlog back in the day Dublin
Oslo with Rachel with Sun Times love
this girl I love this girl
well we're just kind of exploring Oslo
before we have to go to the airport
right now we're headed to the fort
yeah got killed back in two days he's
gonna be a history lesson for y'all and
all you know about it is that people got
killed I didn't know anything this guy
here knows everything okay ask Asif I
swear the clouds over here are just
prettier than they are in the states
like the clouds are fluffy and big and
just beautiful I just love being on tour
over there behind all these construction
Minh is like the fortress that was
finished when did they finish building
the fortress $12.99 at $12.99 that's so
crazy
this is so cool I wish America had more
history we're so young okay guys so
right over here here we just walked past
it was really pretty eat and I did not
show it to cuz I'm a bad vlogger but
that's where they handled the Nobel
Peace Prize this is crazy I'm learning
so much history I'm learning more from
traveling the world than I ever did in
school I was never very good in school
stay in school kids but I'm just not
very good at memorization and test
taking like it was never my forte like I
got straight A's but I had a really hard
time taking tests memorizing things like
what was really hard for me and I don't
retain any of the information I learned
in school traveling the world I feel
like is the best way to learn and I so
strongly encourage it for all of you
young ones who watch my videos like
please stay in school try your hardest
to learn as much as you can when you go
older travel because I feel like I have
so much knowledge just from traveling
the world and I learned so much and it
makes me so happy now whereas learning
when I was younger just was annoying but
now as an adult it like makes me so
excited and happy to learn about things
and see the places where things happened
like it's just so exciting I love it
now we're at the park of naked statues
every what this place is called I
wouldn't with Rachel though so if you
watched my vlogs or Rachel's vlogs way
back then you will have seen this park
before but I love this place I insisted
that we come back it's beautiful and
there's a bunch of naked statues what
more could you ask it is very famous
because they went here on The
Bachelorette this season we made it to
we just had some pizza before of us and
then Corey went up to bed but we can't
go to bed like oh it's Amsterdam and
we're freaking out we're so excited we
got rose it is midnight and of course me
being me was like sugar okay it's
midnight the boys didn't want it but I'm
gonna make them eat it and they're gonna
be happy that I got it
mm-hmm
you
