Green Oslo where we're not slow we're
enough
we are just walking around for an hour
before we go to the theater and that's
what I'm doing method menu I'm sorry
Mitch I'm about to do
I've done this here too before so
exciting to be back I forgot to tell you
guys that I have these little curtains
and I like do each individual thing
behind it as I'm changing into Miranda
in the last show we swapped these for
the mean greet and I forgot to put it
back so for the show I went behind the
lipstick curtain and came out with pants
on and then went behind the pants
curtain and came out with lipstick on
him I didn't even notice until like 10
minutes of the show I was like oh my god
they're totally mixed up we have to be
sure to change that back this time and
with a meet and greet where my though
so coins we gonna open up some cruisers
but look who's here tonight
this is banjo this is bearings dog banjo
and he's a sweetie and he makes loud
sounds all right we're gonna go through
some gifts let's do this
oh my god is this already the brown case
banjo it's already the brown cheese no
it's not the first thing I pick up was
brown cheese if that's brown cheese in E
oh my gosh I don't know there's a ground
cheese here that is very strong scented
books Oh cute little cat Journal let's
go like all these Twitter handles and
fun like pictures it's cute I can't wait
to go through this shake cat this is
incredible that's from Vincent I love
this so much this is amazing Salter's
frogs milk is milk kiss joke a lot day
so many candies in there smells so good
oh just took my favorite one there's a
few that I love and this is one of the
ones I love Sandra did I smell what do
you think banjo Epona cute little pros
two's oh my god we were literally so
excited that you came back to Norway so
that we could finally meet you and watch
the show we love you so much thank you
for learning us that it is okay to be
ourselves Josefina melis that's so sweet
oh we got more lash girl whoo that don't
smell like a man but as a glittery man
oh my gosh
you mean Courtney and Eric Patrice
there's so generous they're so sweet
they already bought a ticket to the show
you know Amy makes it back today oh wow
you give us an extra kick you always
bring us a big smile that's so cute yeah
what is this I feel like I've never seen
sweater rainbow unicorn thought oh yes
this is incredible a girl came up to me
and said her mom hand knitted this ruler
Ocasek Alaska pigs a stool banners back
aww this is so cool I got so much candy
it's crazy so I'm going to show you this
oh that's not candy
look at this awesome
we got these mate look at these guys
what are these little cute asian trees
more little Asian candies socks I
actually need sucks because I got new
shoes today
look at these are these kill our banner
that is actually the most terrifying
thing I've ever seen in my life
oh she's a mirror full of letters
birthday cookies sticker you guys it is
not my birthday I don't know why expose
me but you know whose birthday is gonna
be Sam Eric Stockland this birthday in
Scotland when we have the N brochure oh
look at this
it's pretty it's a little unicorn Oh
gummy sushi challenge will it be nice
strawberry sweet or devilishly hot with
oh my god she got some buddies with
Crocs me and you a cactus in a sunflower
Rachel Miranda who Dean mmm that smells
so good I'm like it's me to the beat
Miss America and Savannah cocking OH
approaching sir
you are in Norway look at Kiva want some
he smells the cheese guy Santos okay
ready okay no Brown terrible it's just
like odd
hey wait there's one more thing to try
it's an experience please God get over
here to eat some gonna try it
I totally won hibachi never blank tires
again sport I'm gonna win this I was
editing my blog from yesterday and I
realized Eric von b√ºlow Asia and you
guys are all calling me out for it
because literally every time you talk I
have to
