hello everybody we're still in Sweden we
late for our low tonight what's this
place called
Kunsan yesterday it's a meet-and-greet I
was like what should i do tomorrow and
people said scan thumb down set guns and
explained to me the animals the jungle
little colored wing birds and this is
this is pretty sad why are you sad I
know I kind of do too I thought this was
gonna be more of like an open thing for
animals I'm usually not a very big
supporter of like zoos I don't go to
aquariums like not really my jam cuz I
like animals to be out and open I kind
of have this with Islam being alive I
feel like you'd make a really good like
horror movie set
not whore horror horror how do you say
horror
I think horror sounds are you saying har
har har horror you know nothing
at home waiting
he's like bacon
one of these like oh my God he's so cute
you can go inside tailor so smelt up
there
perhaps an owl exhibit oh that's amazing
that was like what do you lovely oils
what oils what oils these are these are
great great oils on there down there
dovish can tell you some sweet fights
yeah they're really they're really
really dumb no there's like yeah but
it's wrong it's cuz they're obviously
I'm all they do is they fly wise as an
owl not an oil do they thank not mostly
where the snow is and the cap see very
well so that they're the way that
they're fierce is shift is like radar
and they're able to like pinpoint
exactly if they hear a little noise
you're dumb that sounds really smart do
that know what I'm a human not an oil
just enough oh yeah see ow
Oh Cory loves a bear oh my god he's so
freaking cute just like she loves boxes
he and guess it'd be best friends I
don't mind this case because it's really
big like a forest
oh my god they're so cute
living his life we went to the it wasn't
wheeze you it was like a part right so
there were some animals there and for
the most part they seem like they're
being treated pretty well so I was okay
usually I leave seas and aquariums and
I'm like I'm not okay I'm kind of a
wreck but it seemed like they were
treating them pretty well but now we're
on a ferry and we're next is amusement
park that we went to last time we know
do you remember talking about it and we
suggested going there with the boys but
they didn't seem very interested so
we're going to go back into ski then and
try to find something fun to do but we
almost so to the amusement park and the
voyage like let's just go back to old
town Sweden only old town in all of that
we are here No
welcome and I'm so like instantly happy
like this is like one of my favorite
places it's so pretty here and just like
you can't walk around without smiling it
makes me so happy it's I'm really glad
we came back some of them are straight
up right over here at this fountain
that's where they bathed me he was
they'd stripped down to their Bunsen
bits and they head over to that fountain
right there and
you need anyone at the Condors
saw what happened last night well you
just told me you were angry that only
four minutes of a seven minute vlog was
you I stopped I said I said I'm worried
about far3 oh I thought you said you're
only in a four minutes of the seven
minute vlog no there will be loads
that's a calf not that way who testicle
oh the shade of it all please do me a
favor yeah will you walk around in the
background right now with your shirt off
