so in case you didn't see in my last
video my second soprano Channel Eric
Stockland is with me here in Sweden
Angeles come in Hawaii and Steve little
was supposed to be here in the last
minute wasn't able to go so just little
ol Stockland how's it feel to be in the
vlogs oh sorry hello back with Lee the
leprechaun I'm so excited to be here so
we have a show here in Stockholm
tomorrow
these are the first five ships that
sailed to America with Captain Columbus
the Santa Maria Pinta the Nina and the
pollution act
that's when Columbus raped and murdered
the Native Americans and claimed that
land his own and that's why we're here
in celebrating gang this is what Eric
wanted to see the great cabin wait what
is this it's world captain scene your
honor
where the captain was stabbing stabbing
does that mean the captain would stab
you does that mean sex does that mean
it's countless loser girls
an expensive hat or a simple cap that's
what I heard a good friend pops and
other friends back pimples belong to
vice-admiral
Eric Johnson oh this was Erica's call
you're rich Eric with a cane
Eric your ring you lost it there through
the whole entire ship the whole entire
ship Eric it was one tool that was found
and it was your great-grandfather Eric
Johnson
we had a great day in Sweden and now Lee
is taking us to a pub we're all dying
Cory and Eric and me are all like really
really tired they're more tired because
you're okay oh it's ahhm be straight-up
zombies right here I slept for six hours
on the plane so I'm okay if I lay down
I'd fall asleep immediately but I'm okay
Eric how long did you sleep zero Cory
yeah so but I told them to be jetlag
you can't take a nap so we're trying to
stay awake till like 10:00 or we're all
really sleepy so we're gonna go to a pub
and get some janky food and then get
some sleep where did you like
ever in your whole life better than the
food in Ireland
yeah but Stockholm hey guys I know this
vlog was a bit jumpy I didn't show me
traveling to Sweden it was a little
weird
and that is because I found out some
really really really sad news right
before I got on the plane to come to
Sweden so as you guys know I raise money
and do a lot of work for childhood
cancer and I met this amazing amazing
girl she was a friend of mine she came
to some of my shows and I got to meet
her in person and we exchanged phone
numbers and we text all the time and I
send her gifts while she was in the
hospital and she's been fighting cancer
for a while and actually she called into
my live stream last year we facetimed
and she told her story and she helped
raise so much money last year for my
birthday
we lost Natalie to cancer
nataly's in my phone since I met her
Natalie my angel and now she really is
an angel for me
and there's so many other people and if
anything this just makes me want to
fight harder to help other kids with
cancer and help cure this horrible
horrible illness that people have been
battling for so long and especially for
children like she did not deserve that
I'm gonna try to figure out what I can
do to kind of honor her and what she
meant to me and what she meant to so
many of you guys she was a hero and
she's a fighter
I'm so heartbroken and I cannot imagine
I cannot even imagine what the people in
her life are going through right now I'm
so angry cancer is so angry
childhood cancer fundraiser is happening
and getting this here I was already
planning on it but now it makes me want
to make it even bigger and even better
and I don't know I debated even talking
about it in a vlog but I felt like I
owed it to her to say something and it
felt wrong to just like go about my day
and vlog so everything's happy good when
it's not so well I couldn't eat to say
something love you please spread
happiness and love life is so short and
so precious and please be a voice for
people who need it more than you and
we gotta we gotta stop this cancel
playing y'all we're gonna do it together
because it took my angel and I'm coming
for vengeance
we will stop together so I love you guys
