what's up Queens this morning I had to
do a little fun project that I be able
to tell you about very soon but Rachel
went with me because Corey's been really
sick so he started to feel better
finally so Rachel came with me this
morning which was awesome to have her as
like assistant again you know it really
just like I was hanging out so it was
fun look who came over look who's here
look who's here at the party it is a
party in the pool there's a baby in the
pool that's a pucker in the pool let's
take you in the pool whoa no way
are you chillaxing
goodness a Little Mermaid baby
he's gonna have I'm following a man I'm
have a water man and I was the pool
right so they came over because they
first of all you wanted to say bye to me
before you go to Europe huh
yeah and second of all I just filmed a
video with Bailey that was really fun I
can't wait for you guys to see it
Bailey had to act in it and she was so
good like amazing amazing pants good did
you have fun Bailey yeah she was so good
I can't wait for you guys yeah one last
video with them where they got to eat
froze toes
and Parker Eddie finishes so you guys
don't have to wait and see that later no
no you already kind of inside the doctor
I just got shots my arm okay I had to do
it before I left for Europe because I
don't want to be in pain in Europe so
yeah we leave tomorrow for Europe and I
am making spread happiness crap top to
wear at the temperature glaze and mu are
meeting
Oh smell the bags mother but I didn't
close the vlog yesterday but today is
today I'm going to Sweden and just a
couple of hours but I have to show you
something I woke up this little guy
making crazy noises because he did this
with his food Gus how did you do this
why did you do this what the actual heck
gasps Oh Gus
oh my god that you such a mania
