today's today I'm announcing that here's
my cough comes out October 20th on
Netflix and I just got a box of roses
sent to my house here they are I haven't
had one since I was on set I just took a
bite and John just took a bite
it tastes like go-gurt he says which is
very accurate
it tastes like go-gurt the gross yogurt
in a in a tube that's totally what it
tastes like I've been trying to I've
always described it as tasting like a
candle like if you were to bite into a
candle it's a similar consistency and
like similar flavor as your brain would
assume I can't don't taste like often no
in my mind the first time I ate it
anyway on the bottom of these froze
toast sticks is the date so I'm super
excited I'm doing the live stream at
3:00 I'm gonna eat an entire thing and
probably get sick this is so exciting oh
my gosh so I only have two hours before
I announce I'm nervous I'm excited I'm
nervous
we're also revealing the artwork for the
show so that's exciting too I'm nervous
to eat a hole froze toes I haven't had
one in like five months so nervous try
to eat an entire one during a livestream
yeah
just crazy I'm like nervous so I'm gonna
get out of the house cuz I've just been
staring at the screen editing and I need
to just get out and do something so
Jonathan are gonna go get some lunch
okay
so this is right at the livestream
there's the popsicle stick this is
October 20 so that's actually my
handwriting and they burned it onto the
popsicle stick and they sent me like 15
popsicles so I have a bunch in my
freezer yes those are haters back off
pans fine yeah this week has been so
crazy yes you guys know I've not really
been vlogging and as you can see by my
face I'm very tired
not complaining it's the best life ever
to be like working hard on what you love
but I've been getting ready for today to
announce haters back off and we've been
doing the final touches on the show on
season two and finishing up the artwork
that we released today and talking about
how we're gonna announce today what we
wanted to do and then I'm also been
planning my tour cuz I leave in three
days for tour and I've also been working
on this other project really hard and
YouTube and everything so it's just been
a crazy couple of weeks I've known for a
couple of weeks and so it's been really
hard for me to know that that the show
comes out October 20th and not be able
to tell you guys like you guys know I'm
not really good at secrets so that was
really hard for me so I'm really happy
that it's now announced I have to say
this is like gonna be a little chitchat
time so this vlog might be longer but
this is a big day for me it's not a big
day I mean it is a big day for me it's
exciting because I've put literally an
entire year into season two and I've
worked so hard on it and I'm so excited
if you guys to see it
mmm but this is the first time that I
can think of where I made an
announcement about something that was a
big deal in my life and I'm completely
alone like in my house like there's
nobody else here like usually John or
Corey or Rachel or someone else my
family or friends or anyone is with me
when I make big announcements so that we
can like celebrate after me like yeah
that was so cool and this is the first
time I don't have that and it's and it's
not for any reason other than like I
just didn't invite anyone over I just
didn't think about it I was like working
but it was a really weird feeling to
like turn off the live stream and be
like I did it and like then I was so
alone had this moment of just like like
I felt sad and like weird and then I
went online to just like start tweeting
about it and whatever and I was reminded
of how cool the Internet is and like the
any feeling of lonely I'm gonna cry guys
I'm so
every feeling of loneliness that I had
just like went away because you guys
were so excited to see you guys excited
about something that I worked so hard on
and I'm so proud of and I've been doing
a lot of the work and like I haven't
been able to share it with you guys or
share it with anyone really like I've
just been taking a lot of work on myself
which I'm not complaining about I'm
really happy to do it and I love it
but it was so cool to finally see people
be excited about it like this I haven't
gotten to experience that yet I've just
experienced like me being excited and
like my family and friends but it's just
gonna show me how much like you guys
mean to me to see like obviously like
I'm um to see you guys be excited about
it was like so rewarding and like it
made me so happy and just thank you
thank you for like I don't know I was
just like looking through Twitter and
seeing Twitter accounts being like oh my
god I'm so excited season 2 this is
gonna be so good at like tweeting the
pictures and tweeting the video I posted
and it was people that like I I remember
meeting like four years ago at a show
are people who like who've been watching
me for seven years who I like recognized
their Twitter handle because I been
watching them leave comments on all my
stuff first like 7 years like it's just
so cool that like this it was just such
a good reminder that I'm not doing this
alone because so often when I'm working
I just feel lonely and like I'm doing it
all myself and I'm not like you guys
have are the reason I do this you guys
are the reasons I I have anything in my
life the reason is being like sparkles
with me it's funny right now for a stage
show cuz I'm going on tour d you're like
all these cool things in my life are
because you guys watch me and because
you guys have supported me and I'm just
like I can't even express how grateful I
am and how much I love you and um you
just don't know how happy it made me to
see you guys talking about it like it's
such a little thing like little tweets
like I'm
excited and then posting the picture or
like someone just tweet it last way I
looked at someone said I'm so proud of
you and like a picture of the cast and
it just means more than you guys know
like I wish I could explain to you how
much it means to me to have you guys
support me and say you're proud of me
and like a lot of times you guys will
write me letters or tweet me and say
like oh you helped me through a dark
time your videos help with my spirits it
put a smile on my face when I was going
through something hard and I think what
you guys don't realize is you do that
for me too and like even though it
wasn't that big of a deal like I I mean
the last few months I've been really
stressed and I've been just feeling
alone in my work and really isolated
myself I've just been working 24/7 and
again not a complaint I'm happy to do it
and I want to do that but it was so cool
today to go online to be like oh no like
I have all these friends online and
they're like excited and they're proud
of me and like I'm doing it for them and
I wouldn't be here without them and we
did it together like it wasn't doing it
alone like if you guys aren't watching
my videos if you guys aren't coming to
my shows if you guys aren't talking to
me and telling me how much you support
me like I don't get to do any of this so
I'm not alone like I not I've never been
alone doing it like I don't know I'm
being so corny right now it's so lame in
a motional it was just such a cool
feeling to know like oh I have all these
friends and I'm not alone in my work
like in life I mean obviously I have
amazing family and amazing friends I
know I'm not alone in general in life
like it's nothing like that it was just
um when it comes to work I felt very
alone and so to know that I'm haven't
been alone in my work that you guys were
there and all that I don't know I feel
like I'm not making any sense just know
that I love you and all I'm trying to
say is thank you for supporting me and
and being proud of me and anything like
that and any time you guys tweet my
videos or tweet nice things to me like
you don't know how much it brightens my
day it makes me so happy and
I just love you guys a lot so thank you
okay
emotional crying rant over I'm really
excited
October 20th my weird weird show comes
out I love you guys okay this is the
worst angle and I totally look like a
toe but uh-huh okay oh girl it's much
later in the day
I just filmed the video and Rachel and I
had dinner we went to a craft store I
think I'm gonna make myself a spread
happiness shirt that is bedazzled for my
live show because mama loves some
glitter so we've got some stuff for that
at the craft store and I think I'm gonna
do that I'm wearing fat fake lashes oh
my gosh I think they're coming off I
wrecked it I spin my mouth Who am I -
arias what's going on anyway I am
obviously a hot mess right now my
eyelashes I feel like lately have been
like shorter and not as full oh my god
but these look terrible like girl ah
time for you to go I feel like my
eyelashes have been getting like shorter
and not as thick I don't know what
happened or why like why all the said of
my ashes have decided to like be
non-existent I know this is like the
most dumb thing I'm going to talk about
in a video because like who cares but it
is something that's like lately but you
know what no I'm saying that I take it
back
because I saw a couple tweets today in
my last vlog I was talking about my
curly hair and how it like looked crazy
and how whenever I had my hair curly it
looked like straight from the 80s and a
girl with curly hair tweeted me and was
like I don't like when you talk about
about your curly hair because I have
curly hair and it makes me feel like I
should be ashamed of it and I felt
horrible because I'm talking about
myself and I'm talking about my hair and
how I feel about my hair but I never
want any of you to feel like I'm talking
about you or that you should be ashamed
of how you look and then I saw another
tweet that was like yeah whenever she
talks badly about herself like I don't
like it because it's telling people they
should feel badly about themselves and I
don't want to do that ever because I
want you all to feel that you are as
beautiful
you are like you were all beautiful and
perfect just the way that you are when I
was talking about my curly hair I was
talking about my curly hair and whenever
I have my hair curly everyone makes fun
of me and says that my hair looks like
super 80s and crazy and so I'm insecure
about it and so that's why I said that
but the fact that I said that now might
make some of you won't like feel
insecure uncomfortable if you have curly
hair and I never want to do that so I
apologize and I'm gonna try my hardest
to not talk down about myself anymore
because I don't want it to rub off on
any of you because I want you all to
think you're beautiful and perfect
because you are um so my eyelashes are
short and I love it anyway I'm gonna go
make some bedazzled shirts hey sorry
this vlog was like super SAP tastic and
sabi but listen I love you what are you
gonna do I'll see you tomorrow
