every one before this video starts I
just want to say make sure to tune in to
the live stream on Miranda sings channel
at 3:00 p.m. today Monday because a very
special announcement is happening and I
want as many people watching as possible
I'm really excited about it so I love
you and here's the book what's up
everybody today I have curly locks
I've been straightening my hair so much
lately that I was like my hair needs a
break so I let the curls loose today I
just feel like there's no way to do this
hair without looking like a tease tastic
which is why I always straighten that or
just throw it enough fun but yeah my
hair is crazy insane anyway today Angela
Kinsey and Eric Stockland up coming over
I'm gonna film a video and I'm so
excited to see them it's just crazy like
I wanna say things got I can't yet just
it's crazy how everything is happening
and it's happening so quickly it but
it's not it feels like it's taking
forever but it's also happening same
time and I know I'm not making any sense
it all make sense ooh and I have to see
school yeah also my cousins Andrew and
Stephanie are coming over today she's
gonna be a party and by party I mean
we're all just gonna sit on this couch
and talk and you talk about John and
Andrew don't you come over and answers
trying to get on the ball it's not going
to try number three you have to sit in
his side pilot
thank God
okay bye
I have permission to turn it on because
Rachel looks cute after full time we
decided it was the perfect time to have
breakfast dinner so we are making fried
chicken for fried chicken and waffles
hash brown and sausages bacon in here
those biscuits in here eggs but I'm in
charge of chicken and waffles and you
can bet your little ass that I put
Captain Crunch in that I don't know how
it's gonna take I can smell burning so I
feel like it was a horrible decision but
probably tasteless
she's not very happy with me that I bear
on is making I am are they not working
oh it's okay and John's with the charge
of bacon so that's what happens when
John is in charge of bacon now you all
know what happens how is it a little bit
we got biscuits
hey we got sausage we got roast bacon we
got fried cheese do you got waffles we
got the hashbrowns question mark I'm
still offended about the bacon is good
John it tastes like powder like you bite
down it it disappears my comment thank
you I did not close out the blog last
night but I had so much fun of family um
it's back to work work work now I'm glad
I had a day to just kind of like chill
and be with family and laugh I laughed
till I cried it was so much fun yeah I
love my family so much and they make me
happy this week is bananas because I
leave for Europe this week so I am just
a ball of stress and excitement so vlogs
might be few and far between but I love
you please tune in to the Miranda
Channel today and yeah
