what's up guys I haven't blogged in a
very long time I've been crazy pants
busy and decided to take like kind of a
break
trying to take it easy on to get ready
for tour next week and a bunch of other
stuff coming out but today I'm headed to
the Children's Hospital in Los Angeles
and I'm super excited every year for my
birthday I do a fundraiser for childhood
cancer and it's Childhood Cancer
Awareness Month and so instead of just
like tweeting like Oh shopping cancer
awareness month like I wanted to do
something and you know actually take
action and you know I wanted to show you
guys that it doesn't mean that you just
have to donate money because a lot of
you don't have money to spare you want
to send your money on other things which
is fine there's other ways to help
people in need and so today we're just
gonna go hang out and have fun and
yeah I don't know I've never done
anything like this before so I'm really
excited to you I really excited to just
go meet these kids and I don't know if
they know that I'm coming I don't think
any of them will even know who I am I'm
just going to just hang out and then
after that I'll probably work on the
live show and something exciting is
coming out today online on the Miranda
Channel so probably talking about that
he's got lastest Amy's Australian she's
ready for this you do it yeah he's ready
for Australian time hey guys so I just
got home from the Children's Hospital
and I will definitely post a video on my
main channel all about that experience
and I'm try to encourage you guys to
donate your time and money to people in
need you know I've seen people say
whenever I donate to childhood cancer
talk about childhood cancer or just kids
who need help I've seen a lot of people
be like oh well what about the victims
of the Hurricanes or what about victims
of families of people who committed
suicide or what about this illness or
about these people and the point of me
encouraging you guys to donate to
childhood cancer or anyone ever is just
to encourage you to donate and help
someone else it's good to do that for
anyone in need so just donate time and
money and energy and positivity to
people who need it more than you I have
a very big heart and passion for kids
who are sick who need help because I
love kids I've always loved kids from
since I was a little girl I wanted to be
was a mom and start a theater program or
an arts program for children and work
with children it's what I've always
wanted to do and so now that I work in a
space where a lot of younger people are
watching me and I have a big audience in
general online I feel like it is
necessary for me to be a voice for kids
who don't have a voice that's what I'm
passionate about so that's why I talk
about it but I am also passionate about
one who needs help anyway all that being
said I wanted to talk about my
experience today a little bit I will
talk about it more in the main channel
video when I show you kind of the whole
experience but um it was just amazing I
didn't know what to expect today when I
went to the Children's Hospital
I had never done anything like that
before it was wonderful
basically what happened is um this month
is Childhood Cancer Awareness Month I
just like hey I want to visits kids at a
hospital so I just called him up and
said hey can I come hang out and just
play with kids the first part of you
being there was just like hanging out
with kids doing arts and crafts and
playing music and stuff like that and it
was kids of all ages there was a
four-year-old in the room and there was
an 18 year old in the room and they all
had different issues so some of them had
just had surgery some of them have other
illnesses and I just kind of talked with
them and hung out with them and got to
know them a little bit and they were so
cute and so sweet and just like filled
my heart with so much happiness kids who
have these horrible illnesses like
cancer or other horrible illnesses they
always seem to have like this wonderful
spirit about them they just wanted to
play and have fun and laugh and and that
just I don't know it's very
inspirational to me because I feel like
if I were in that situation I don't know
if I'd be as strong as they are and then
I got to visit two kids who were kind of
quarantined in their rooms by the way
none of these people were like fans it's
not like I was like I'm gonna go meet
with people who know who I am and
wouldn't talk to me like didn't know who
I was I know they were it was just like
hang out time with some cool kids and I
met these two little boys and they were
so cool and so awesome and I can't even
tell you like how wonderful it felt to
be there and to hopefully put a smile on
their face and make them laugh and I
didn't want to leave like I just wanted
to hang out with them forever but it's
definitely something I want to do again
and it's something that I hope that you
guys want to do donate your time because
I know a lot of you say like oh I don't
have money to donate that's fine like
there are other ways to help like you
can donate time to children's hospitals
and hang out with little kids or you can
donate your
- animal shelters that's what I did when
I was really little when I was like 12
years old I would donate my time to
animal shelters and help take care of
little kittens and you know so there are
a ton of things you can donate time to
all I'm trying to do is just say like
hey if you are healthy and good and have
time or money give it to someone who
needs it more than you like that's all
I'm trying to say with doing this really
grateful that I got to go and I'm
hopefully gonna get to go again soon um
so that was my day now I'm about to post
the teaser of a fun little thing for
haters back off it's it's I can't even
say what it is it's just a fun little
thing that's going up and that's also
that's going up but I'm excited about
that and yeah that's my friend oh my god
okay I have to talking about this I just
released a weird video on the ranch I
can't tell you anything about it because
it's like supposed to be a mysterious
however to make it mysterious I like
downloaded like a filter to like put on
the video that I edited together and
didn't look at it frame by frame before
uploading it because I didn't think I
would need to and apparently like a
couple of the frames like it was
literally one second was boobs like some
random person's boobs I don't know who
they were and I did not even notice it I
sent it to like the producers of the
show I send it to friends to family to
tons people to be like look at this what
do you think of this any notes no one
said anything no one saw the boobs I
posted it and literally a second later
you all caught the boobs and like two
figures like oh my god there's boobs on
the ranch of life retied deleted it then
I like edited it really I just can't
believe I did that but now everyone's
talking about it so that's what's going
on right now everyone thinks I leaked my
nudes and I didn't those are not my
boobs I don't know whose boobs they are
they're lovely boobs too whatever person
they are but yeah it was just like this
random filter that I found it's random
like your video thing that I like
plopped in I was looking for weird
random stuff to put in the video to make
it confusing
and that definitely was confusing so I
guess it did the trick but oh my god I
cannot believe we just put naked boobs
on the Miranda Channel that is a first
and hopefully alas yeah oh my gosh
what's up guys so ever had to close out
the blog yesterday who I look rough um
it has been a crazy couple of days and
I've just been keeping busy thank you
for watching this vlog um I know I
promised you guys tons of logs lying at
home and I totally feel that that I've
just been busier than I thought it was
gonna be when I got home so I've been
focusing on all that today's Jacobs
birthday um my nephew Jacob he's the
sweetest little boy in the world so
happy birthday Jacob I might take it
easy today my vlog might not I don't
know but I love you and I'll see you
later
