good morning everybody I look like
haven't slept in 6 years because I
haven't but she works thank you so large
they work so hard I was editing the
video yesterday of you and my favorite
person I forgot about it's when you're
eating up like lots Gringo's do you
never men Gringotts okay so we have a
show tonight but I need to get some
props because I wrote some new bits for
Frankie very excited come to he's
reading your tweets yes um so we went to
pretty city and I didn't put my blog
okay some right now we went to Party
City I didn't vlog it which I should
have cuz we were in there for an hour
buying everyman really plug hello blog
Anisha
that's what Corey just called my blog
camera vlog Alicia I love that with you
I'm keeping it so we're about to do the
show I'm really excited I have a pirate
shirt on for gasps oh really gasps boom
shoot I need to make sure I know how to
say this gasps BRR Rilla Gasparilla like
a gorilla Gasparilla anyway so
Gasparilla is today which is this big
awesome cool festival parade all about
pirates and I think it's the coolest
thing the world like I'm so jealous of
Tampa that they have this like I want a
holiday every year about pirates like
that's the coolest thing or what I'm so
jealous
so I'm dressing up in a pirate shirt and
I have a pirate hat which is super cute
and fun and I'm so excited we're gonna
have a blast today yeah I just want to
say today I got I suddenly noticed some
hate online which is kind of par for the
course I get hate pretty often online
while I'm wearing this backwards for
sure
today noticed I get hate on videos like
this second I post step which makes me
think like if you and it's always the
same people I think if you don't like me
where I daughters how are you watching
like cuz it's okay if you don't like me
like I can't like not everyone's gonna
like me like that life like I'm not
gonna be everyone's cup of tea and
that's totally fine but then why are you
watching me like you don't have to watch
me you can watch something else so I
just don't understand like if you hate
me that much and you like make a point
to like watch me buddies the second they
come out and then comment or tweet me
about how much you hate me like why are
you watching me I'm just like anyway I
hope you find some happiness in your
life soon that makes it so that you can
like enjoy things and watch things that
make you happy and things that you like
instead of kind of torturing yourself
and watching someone you don't like like
that sounds kind of sad so I hope
whatever is making you sad stops and
that you can find happiness and like go
and joy what you choose to spend your
time watching because that would be such
a sad life to like only watch people you
hate and just get angry all the time
so that's I notice that today I was like
what's invite me why are they watching
me so much but anyway we're about to do
the show and then I'm gonna go back to
the hotel tonight I have to work but
yeah I'm gonna go
ah
oh my gosh I'm literally in my bra sorry
for being inappropriate um but you can't
see so it kind of just looks like I'm
wearing a tank top
um but I'm so hot I can't wear clothes
right now just finished a show it was so
fun
oh my gosh it was so much fun I had a
freaking blast on stage tonight
I honestly the last two days have had
the most fun I've ever had like in
months because I've just been cooped up
in my house working so hard so to be
able to be with Frankie and Cory who are
so full of joy and so energetic and just
brings so much life to every
conversation and every situation so
anyway I just had the frickin time of my
life just thank you thank you to all of
you who've always supported me and have
been so kind and come to my shows and
cheer me on and make me happy and like I
don't know it just made me so happy and
I'm gonna put on a shirt now and some
fries hey guys how are you I am in
Atlanta we have a show today we had to
wake up really early and fly here and
then we got an Korey and Chris for Robin
when to the theaters start setting up
and Frankie and I stayed here and we got
into this bed and watched a little bit
of RuPaul's Drag Race and then ordered a
bunch of room service and just laid here
and did not speak we weren't sleeping we
just laid and didn't talk and that's how
you know someone's your two friends if
you can lay in the same room with them
not speak and it's not uncomfortable
it's not offer you don't even realize
you're not talking I've like that is the
true testimony if like you're best
friends with someone like I could
literally sit for hours in the same room
with Cory or with Frankie and just not
even talk and it's like totally fine but
anyway we're gonna have the show here
I'm so excited to get back on stage and
do another show but yeah we don't know
if Rica has his own room Schneider if
he's sharing with me when we used to
tour together years ago we would share a
room and share like a twin bed like
share a tiny twin bike so I could afford
and
he's pooping right now we've been taking
turns
pooping sorry T mi sorry trigger warning
people don't like poop fast forward
until the next shot but we've literally
been taking turns pooping another way
you know someone is your best friend if
you are able to just be like hey you
done pooping cuz now I need to poop this
is five times since we got here at our
house like how is there still so much
left like I feel like I've shot 16 times
but like I haven't even dented the
surface like why are we so just in the
mean greet it was so fun I love meeting
you guys i tweeted about this earlier
but like i think that's my favorite part
of my job and it's my favorite part of
touring is i get to actually meet you
guys and talk to you and you tell me
your stories and it just changes my life
and i just i just love you guys so much
so thank you for coming my shows and
opening up to me and i just i love you
so much
but we ordered a bunch of stubborn food
it's all in here we've got shrimp and
grits fried green tomatoes fried chicken
collard greens everything because the
south has the best food in the world and
i mean that it's incredible the southern
food is just truly amazing it's so yeah
i'm gonna open up these fried things
they don't get soggy yeah right green
tomatoes look so good so eat this by the
way there was a blog a couple days ago
where Frank and we're doing a southern
accent and people were offended by that
so we were making fun
we were zero making fun of southern
accents every time I when I go to London
I walk around do the British tour guide
and I talk with a British accent or like
Scotland I try to do next and I murdered
it in New Zealand I talked about in
vlogs like their accent how they go snap
cheek like wherever I traveled to even
in California make fun of my own valley
girl accent we were not making fun we
were just doing an accent because we're
the south and every time I travel
anywhere I do the accent just you guys
know I love the South and this place is
amazing
and your food is bomb so good so I was
not making fun I definitely love it here
and I wish I had a cute little accident
like that but instead I have this like
really ridiculous I'm finally girl act
on so I'm going to eat this delicious
food now I'm so excited here's some
fried green tomatoes if you get the
chance coming south and eat all the
southern things because some food is
just the best
I'm home I slept two hours last night it
was brutal but I switched my flight to
be an earlier flight home so I could get
home earlier how many times that I just
say earlier because I didn't want to
spend like the whole day in Atlanta and
then travel home and like miss a whole
day of work so mom I'm going to edit
some videos and I'm gonna work on this
new thing I'm working on but look how
cute Daisy is did you miss me
he's so fluffy whoa my goodbye
