hello everybody so I just woke up
clearly I'm going to work my butt off
Stan it's Friday so I'm gonna edit over
here and then up here I'm going to watch
something because I usually u editing
with no sound first though so that I can
watch or listen to something over here
well fun fact you might not know about
me
I do edit all my own stuff every once
while I'll have Corey do like a rough
cut for me but I haven't done that in
months so I edit everything on my own
but the second part of this fact that
makes it fun I hate watching my own
videos so editing for me is really hard
cuz I hate watching myself I'm very
critical of myself though when I see
myself on the screen I just like I'm
like this so that's why I usually watch
it with no sound first like edit with no
sounds I don't do hear myself talking I
just tried to get through it as fast as
I can but today at the type of video I'm
editing is a hefty one like it's a
really hard at it it's a one with a
voiceover and that just takes a lot
longer for me so anyway um yes you're
being dramatic
okay I just made it to Rachel's house
which I've never been here before
but I've been in Canada in my defense
she just appears blaze he's being
naughty he probably smells gusts on me
which is why he's yeah yeah yeah loves
Gus and you want to play with us so bad
but Gus is so mean to him so he always
gets excited when he sees Gus and then
Gus squats him so he probably smells Gus
on me and it's like my find is you
scary business in Los Angeles it is a
hundred and six degrees today and I am
on the 101 and I am looking at huge fire
in the mountains it's really scary I
almost feel like shut up my house is
gonna be covered in ashes
like that's how big this fire is it's
huge like I can see the flames in the
mountain very very scary I just had a
bunch of fun with my sister I almost
just called her Miranda Wow clearly I
need sleep so now I'm gonna go stop for
coffee really quickly with Harvey and
I'm gonna go home and I'm gonna make
some pasta from scratch and that is my
night it's gonna be a blast I didn't
even know there was a fire in the
mountains today so I don't know if it
just started or what back is going on
but the sky is filled with like gross
ashy smoke and I could literally see the
flames it's very scary
but I hadn't seen me for like six months
prior to that yeah but it felt like it
picks up and well I'm a cougar for like
we were back like last year yeah it was
fun no one knows it's probably but I
don't talk about my life and boolean's
one of the few people I actually talked
like you know I'm now always laughing
and joking Seth I actually sometimes
have like and Polly is actually one of
the people I open up to about it and
she's actually helped me through a
really rough breakup so I wanna think oh
my nephew we're very similar we like we
need to talk about it nervous system and
then we can like make each other laugh
and like
pillow fight montage oh my god you guys
so I just was at Starbucks and I have a
story I just remembered what happened at
Starbucks this old man possibly homeless
you never know in LA it could be a
homeless person it could just be a
hipster older guy not quite sure but it
was like an older guy who looked like he
hadn't showered in probably a month
which I know they look well because I
often sport that look but he was like
holy smokes you're really pretty this is
how I respond to comments cuz that never
happens to me by the way like why hear
about people getting hit on all the time
when they're on about that net literally
does not happen to me ever
like once maybe a year so he goes holy
smokes you're really pretty and my
response I literally I'm grabbing my my
little teeth and I go what oh okay
responded and he was like who's all I
think I saw I could think of to say
sorry and I was like okay and I just
walked away I am so awkward like I
couldn't just say thank you or like oh
ha ha have a nice day like her say
something normal like why am i why did I
do that
i I am so weird okay anyway I just had
to clean that's right okay so I forgot
to close the vlog yesterday sorry guys
but I found a bunch of footage that I
forgot to post I filmed a vlog that I
never posted from the day before I did
the VMAs so I filmed it and I just never
edit it and posted it so I'm gonna add
it to this one so you guys can see that
day two it's really cute I did Parker's
hair straighten his hair and like hung
out with family and stuff so I'm gonna
put that footage here and I'll see you
guys I'm
I got home yesterday and I just laid on
my lazy ass did nothing I didn't vlog I
mean I did stuff I worked but like I
didn't vlog I was like I am just not I
don't want to do anything today so today
it's Saturday and I'm gonna film some
videos because tomorrow I can't film
videos because tomorrow I will be at the
VMAs whoo I'm so excited I'm like
spazzing out
I talked that to be home it's much later
and guess who's at my house and Bailey
and Jacob and my brother and my
sister-in-law and my sister and blaze so
many people are here Wow so I thought it
would be fun to straighten Parker's hair
I've never seen it straight so we'll see
if we're allowed to do that so we got
the go-ahead to do Parker's hair so this
is the before this is me before and then
we'll show you when it's not made before
okay
I can't get it all because there's
shortened parts but gonna see I'm gonna
see in the mirror Parker wanted me to do
is hair wet again huh you didn't like
that
why not just didn't look like you dunkey
and her just hanging out on the floor
we're waiting for our Buca di Beppo to
show up ha Duncan is taking forever I'm
Duncan is taking so long
we're all hungry huh that right is that
right thank you
he's so cute Danny cutest little guy
thank you so process I'm so glad I'm
with my family tonight because I'm very
nervous about the VMAs tomorrow I don't
know what if I like I don't know I'm
just so nervous like what if I'm not
funny what if I don't do it well I don't
know I just like there's a lot riding on
it and I'm really nervous so to be
around family makes me feel calm and
feel nice the best
because there anyone cuter than this
baby he's so cute
you
