I haven't fought in such a long time and
when I was in Canada I said to you guys
hey I'm going back to California soon
I'll be able to flog every day I got
back to California and I've just been so
busy it's been so crazy um in the best
way like I got to interview celebrities
on the right or on the red carpet at the
VMAs for Ellen and yesterday the
Hollywood medium came over to my house
and did a reading on me it was insane
like crazy I can't wait till the episode
comes out because then I can tell you
guys stuff about it like it was insane
it was so great day I can't tell you
guys about it and then I'm like working
on gearing up to like make some
announcements so like there's just been
so much going on I'm gonna had time to
film anything but I'm trying my hardest
to vlog today and I talked a little bit
about this on my live stream but I
wanted to talk about it in my vlog cuz
I'd like shooting today though my
documentary that I filmed a long time
ago hasn't come out and it probably
won't it maybe it will eventually but it
just doesn't look like well which is a
bummer because we spent a lot of time
money hard work into it but yeah I don't
know maybe it'll come out eventually but
so much has changed since we filmed that
documentary so now I don't want to film
a new one yeah I've been thinking a lot
about it I mention it in the live stream
yesterday and I was like ah that'd be
really cool to film a new one because
I'm going on tour I got some new project
I'm working on that we could talk about
in them in the documentary and then
season two's coming out and like all
this stuff is happening that like I want
to document I thought about doing a new
documentary so it's a matter of like
finding someone to do it and if I have
time and I don't know so I'm looking
into doing that which could be exciting
and I'm going to Europe in a couple of
weeks which is crazy and I'm trying to
get the cast of haters back off to go
I've got a couple of nibbles like a
couple people like I want to go so I'm
just trying to confirm that if anyone
can come just a lot of exciting things
happening so anyway that's what I'm up
to and I got a bug bite on my leg and
it's really edgy
okay time to fill Miranda goodbye just
finished filming Miranda video I'm still
wearing my Miranda oh my gosh it's
overexposed I'm still wearing my Miranda
sweatshirt right now I got something
really exciting in the mail so I'm going
on tour to Europe in a couple weeks and
we have a couple new March items if
you're coming to those shows now
eventually hopefully these sell well
I'll put them on my online store and
anyone who can get them but right now
basically what we're doing is if you're
coming to the UK shows you there's a
website I'll put it in the description
that you can go to and you can buy your
merch that you want now so that when you
go to my show you don't have to wait in
a long line because the line is usually
super long for the merch you can just go
straight to the merch table and be like
hey I paid for these things can I have
them now so one of the new items is this
sweatshirt because all I ever wear as
you guys know is crop top like
sweatshirts and t-shirts now I had this
sweatshirt and made into spread
happiness and that's my handwriting I
wrote it out and scanned in such over
and then I just got lipstick on it and
then I drew this little sunflower cuz I
say you guys are my sunflowers you make
me happy
hydros little sunflower for the doll I
and it's super the worst drawing ever
but I never said I was an artist boo but
this is a sweatshirt and it's really
cute so you can order it just if you're
coming to UK shows there's also new
Miranda shirt there's new Myranda pop
socket so if you guys want to go order
that stuff on the website then when you
get to my show you can just go up to the
merch table be like and give me my goods
what are the reasons I love this is
because this is something I would
totally wear at night like lounging
around so I have one that's like a
medium size that I'll wear around the
house just like in my opinion ease
because girl that's what I do and then I
want to cut one into a crop top right
now because I always work up top so I'm
gonna show you guys how I do that this
is small and I pull it down and then I
like try to find where I want to cut it
and I usually go longer then I want for
the first cut because otherwise if you
cut it too short there's nothing you
know about it but if it's too long you
can always just keep going up and up
until you find a good spot so what I do
is I did some skinners to cut a little
like a snip like in the area that I want
to cut the crop top so I just cut a
little tiny
little tiny snippet then I take it off
and cut it all the way across and then
put back on it see how it looks and I
usually roll the sleeves up like that
when I'm wearing a copy so this is what
it looks like I think I'll probably
normally I went a little bit shorter
than this but I might wash it and it'll
shrink so and sometimes when you cut
things just straight they like roll so
I'm just gonna leave it be but I feel
like I'm gonna make it in t-shirts too
so you can make like it's for happiness
crop top t-shirts I don't know let me
know what you guys think go order it if
you're gonna be me hey you guys really
like it maybe I'll upload this design to
my Spreadshirt store as well let me know
you think okay I just took a dip in the
pool because it is a hundred and six
degrees where I live so I so many things
happened today I had a bunch of meetings
and one of which I found out that this
there's announcement I thought I could
make next week I can't make it next week
so it'll be coming later and the other
thing is that um the thing I did for
Ellen for I interviewed celebrities on
the red carpet at the VMAs for Ellen
that will not be airing on The Ellen
Show but they did upload it to YouTube
so you guys can watch that if you want
to and that's kind of in my day and a
bunch of other meetings I need to do
some editing I might go to Michael's
craft store because it is my favorite
place in the universe exciting riveting
day guys riveting okay so I've been
trying to learn the Taylor Swift song
anyone it's not a ukulele song so I've
been like playing around with the chords
and stuff and trying to make it like
into a ukulele song so this is just what
I'm working on I don't I knew I took
games don't like you're tempted stay
oh my god I just got a package from
Moreau
let's see you what we have oh and I'm
trying to cut things open with one arm
side up to see what row so here we go
guys so you excited to see what's inside
the box yeah
brownie molds this is awesome I actually
saw this on her on her YouTube channel I
thought it was so cute oh my gosh you
want me oh no oh my gosh there's so much
stuff in here a little part like game
cookie cutter oh my gosh measuring cups
these are so cute oh my gosh there's so
much some of your sprinkles oh my gosh
we have to bake tonight candy melting
pot oh my gosh this is so exciting I so
much stuff in here next row oh my gosh I
think you guys can get this stuff at
like Target mini Michaels
no but that is so exciting I'm so proud
of her she's on tour right now actually
promoting all her new baking line so you
guys can go check that out
so proud of her I'm so excited for a can
we tease all this stuff he loves all his
new treats guys I went to Michael's and
they had the most incredible things
there that I had to get forget a muscle
man outfit a little mermaid outfit and
we just had to eat hot dogs for dinner
so we got him a hot dog outfit so we're
about to put these on that oh boy here
we have a muscle I don't think he likes
this one very much I couldn't get it on
one of his paws I'll take it off Gus I'm
sorry just good oh are you furious
you like the weed but I don't think he
Minds the outfit
here we have
- like it goes all crooked we think us
let's tell which thing
in Queens he's furious with me
so another thing I got at Michaels was a
tiny little pie ten thing so I make
individual little pies in here they're
really tiny you can see like the
difference between my hand and the pies
and I'm gonna make different kinds I'm
gonna make a berry pie and apple pie and
a chocolate pie so I don't know I'm
doing I'm just kind of making it up as I
go so right now I'm making a crumble top
for the berry 1c alright so I made up a
chocolate chip pecan recipe then I'm
putting apples and berries in these so
see we've got some apple pies some berry
pies and some chocolate pecan pies and I
just need to put some tops on these
verdict is good I'm very good I'm kind
of disappointed the insides are good
there's just too much crust because
they're so tiny so it's like mostly just
crust and like one little spoonful of
food inside some they're cute but
wouldn't recommend I'll see you guys
