Adam how are you can you tell me your
name Nelly Valley what did I just do oh
my god um I don't know I am out of it
hi guys I don't know if anyone's
watching it says I have zero viewers so
maybe that's true oh wait what does
understand okay I think working now yay
hello um I'm going to clean my room and
that's really exciting so I thought I
would live soon but I also don't have a
vlog for you guys today I was doing a
pretty good job for a while vlogging
everyday and then it kind of slowed down
as things got crazy in Vancouver and
then now um I'm back home and I'm just
exhausted and so I haven't been vlogging
as much I've logged the VMAs which just
went up yesterday and I've logged the
day before the VMAs I haven't edited
that yet um but I didn't vlog yesterday
I'm just like totally sucking on the
vlogging front so I'm I thought since I
don't have a vlog for you I will do a
little livestream hangouts Evan don't
elect him a long time and I will be
cleaning my room because that's really
entertaining for you to watch and yeah
Oh Hayley said lovelies really and she
said did you send out the round of
headshots cuz I haven't gotten it and I
hope it's not awesome mail no Hayley I
haven't but I have your address I have
everyone's address in a file on my
computer and this week we're gonna be
sending them out later this week so we
just haven't scheduled that out yet I
literally got home from Canada a few
days ago it's been crazy cuz I hosted
the red carpet for Ellen a couple days
ago and that took up my whole life it
was like very stressful and then today
I've just kind of been recuperating and
Gators back off stuff so but yes that is
coming it did not get lost in the mail
I'm sorry it's taking so long but it's
coming soon I promise
um-hmm what's the hashtag guys you guys
love a hashtag kalina's boring is the
hashtag okay so um I uh Amy said when
will your episode of Ellen be out I
don't know um I'm not like gonna be on
the episode like I'm not going to
interview
or anything it's just like my segment at
the VMAs they said it's gonna air and I
don't even believe that's true like I
feel like they're just gonna put on
YouTube like if literally it is on
actual Ellen they said it is gonna be so
I hope it is but like I think there's no
way like that's crazy
um but I'm not gonna be on it like I'm
not going to get interviewed or whatever
so it's literally just like my
interviews but I don't know when they
haven't told me the date yet so but I
get to unbalance exciting things very so
I'm really excited like in the next week
I get to tell you guys some really
exciting stuff so I'm like dying and I
feel like that's part of the reason I
haven't been vlogging as much is because
I'm like I'm gonna I'm so bad at keeping
secrets
like I'm so bad at keeping secrets so
I'm like feel like I'm just gonna like
accidentally tell you guys um so I um
Alessandro said are we going to see more
emotional miranda in season 2 um
I've heard by the way she hashtag coin
is boring and I forgot that I asked you
guys to use that hashtag and I was like
I was the mute house dad just let that
guess Gus hey nope okay anyway um is
gonna be more emotional you'll have to
wait and see and the season comes out
later for you guys you see it it's
totally different like the season is
totally different so I don't if I
explain it like I feel like I've seen it
so many times that like I don't even
know if it's good like I just feel
paranoid about it now I feel like every
night I try to go to sleep and I just
stay awake going like everyone's gonna
hate it it's it's not good oh my god
everyone's gonna hit everyone's gonna
hate you like I every night like lay
awake and think these horrible thoughts
about myself and and about that but I've
been working really hard on it I think
it's good it's just totally
different and weird we took I think we
took a lot more risks with like how we
edited it and there's some like really
bizarre parts and some like interesting
parts there's definitely emotional parts
it's different than last season though
it's not I can't explain it without
giving it away but it's totally
different I feel like it's weirder the
storyline is weirder the situations that
I get into our weirder so last season it
was a little bit
I'd say last season's a little bit more
grounded this season I mean it wasn't
grounded but like this season the things
that happen are a little more like crazy
um yeah that's all I can only say and
and also I would say last season was
like I don't give anything away but last
season I feel like season one of haters
back off was like slow to get to like
like people everyone's relationships
develop slowly and this season like I
can't believe how much happens in like
one episode I'm like what oh my god all
that happens in one episode that's crazy
like I remember when we were shooting
like I was like I can't believe all the
stuff we did in just one day this is
just for one episode this is insane like
so much happens each episode so that's a
big difference I think because thanks oh
I can tell you about this okay so
Suzanne my queen just text me she texts
me that there's okay so I'm going on
tour in a few weeks to Oslo Sweden
Amsterdam stop embryo Scotland and Wales
so I'm going to five different cities
and I'm still working on getting some
people to come to the UK with me and
it's looking like it's gonna happen so
I'll be able to tell you who is coming
to UK soon but if you are going to one
of the shows we're doing something
different this year with the merch so
you can buy merch at the show if you
want to and we might do this for all my
shows from now on but if you want to buy
merch before getting there like it you
can buy your March
online and and then when you get go to
the show you can just pick it up so that
way you don't worry about standing in
line to buy a sweatshirt or buy a pop
socket or buy whatever you can buy it
online and then you show up at the merch
table with your seat and they just give
it to you so um and she just texting
them flag so let me see if it is because
you guys I'm gonna check out them right
so they something new on it that I'm
excited about one of the things that I
made um
and I'm hopefully gonna take on tour
with me everywhere and eventually
hopefully will have long store I'm gonna
see if this works okay let see it works
so one of the things I made oh yeah it's
there okay so there's a spread happiness
shirt I wrote out spread happiness ten
trillion times probably in my apartment
in Canada to get it to look like the
right kind of I wanted to look like my
handwriting but I still kind of didn't
want to a too sloppy because I was up
again writing but I made a spread
happiness shirt just a spread happiness
in my handwriting and I drew a little
ugly sunflower and it's a light pink
like hoodie like this and you can either
have it long and have it like a normal
hoodie or not I'm sorry Saada hoodie
it's a it's a screw next shirt sweater
like this because I wear these all the
time um or what I'm gonna do and I can't
wait to get my hands on one I'm gonna
cut it a new crop top because you guys
know I love a crop top so you can either
cut it like a crop top like how I'm
gonna wear or you can wear it long like
I'll probably have one long and one like
a crop top and the long one I'll wear to
bed but I think it's really cute and
then we have a new Miranda shirt and
Hammer and a pop sockets so if you want
to buy merch before you come to my show
I'll tweet it out as Miranda right now
so you guys can see how that works
it's pretty exciting I think it's cool
because then you don't have to worry
about like having cash or you know
anything like that like you can just
show up and just buy and grab your stuff
that you bought online already or you
can buy stuff for your friends online
and then take it home or ship it to your
friend or whatever
on ran those things but right now this
stuff is limited to just the shows that
I am doing in the UK pre-order merch for
the K shows coming to the UK tour I'm
sorry guys to do this one talking but I
want you to see the link put your order
your merch and pick it up there does
that make sense coming on to the UK tour
coming to UK your ex look does that I do
tweets guys I'm an old lady prettier and
March and pick it up putting it okay
let's see how this works I hope that
link works let's find out look like it
so I don't have like too much March but
I do have a few things and I'm pretty
sure this is only for like if you're
going to the show so you have to pick it
up there and by the way I know that
sweater is like it's too expensive but I
try to get the price down and they're
like no if this is that how much sweat
shirts are in sweaters are what's so by
the way I know that is like way pricey
and then also can't other youtubers
sweatshirts and there were like $80 and
I'll say what the heck - not that much -
40 um but anyway um I still feel like
that's way too much money okay so that's
that sorry I talked about that for ten
hundred years ten trillion years um they
said it's not working it's not working
the link doesn't work girl
it works for me I'm so confused
I literally just clicked on it and it
took me there service unavailable maybe
you guys crashed the damn system cuz it
really was just working for me one
second ago hold on
I'm available my my fans crash the site
okay
I'm dead
okay I'll figure that out later that's
hilarious
you guys are the best you've already
broken I think it makes me laugh because
I always help people like okay I just
deleted it cuz that tweet I'll figure I
think you guys did break because it was
literally just working for me and now
it's not like I lose just looking in
online on my computer and I was leaking
it on my phone and now it says service
unavailable that's really funny
so I feel like whenever I do like
website stuff with people they're like I
tell them like oh it's a server pretty
good because like my viewers like love
to go and like go to a website or like
for March or whatever like yeah yeah oh
it's fine it's it's not gonna be a big
deal like they think no one's gonna go
on it and I'm like no I promise like
they're gonna click on the link like
people think that you guys aren't gonna
click on like stuff like that and then I
always like this is gonna be great we're
gonna get so my life Suzanne I don't
know if you're watching but I hope
you're laughs thank you
okay if you have been thought oh my god
twice you know it's dedication we
managed to break it oh why am i laughing
so hard
um Jen says what do you love about
Vancouver I really wish I got to meet
you while you're here coming Jen I wish
I got to meet you I'm gonna start
cleaning cuz that's the whole thing I
needed this is my bedside table well one
side the other side's a disaster too
just I always on so much rapidly
okay so I love air cooler so much my
favorite thing about Vancouver I love
everything about it honestly the only
thing I don't like about Vancouver is
that it's not in Los Angeles like that's
the only thing I don't like about mine
Cooper because I just miss my family and
my friends too much when I'm there but
everything else I love I love the food I
love the people I love the weather
I love the scenery I literally love
everything so um Oh Parker left some
sparkling water I'm like that's it to be
able to me to me okay um but yeah I love
everything about my Cooper I think that
Cooper's like the best place ever but I
am tamia said wrote Miranda updates so I
which might be a lot of you because he
thumbed it like two years ago
I come to documentary a long time ago
and it was like before I had my Netflix
show season 1 the for season 1 of an
epic show for when it's Canada for
anything and so we started editing it
and we realized that pieces were missing
from it and it wasn't quite done and it
was looking really good it was getting
really close but then just a lot of
stuff started changing and happening in
my life and my life is very different
now than it was then and so it's not a
very like if you watched that
documentary just my life is so much
different so we tried to edit it again
and try to like do an updated version of
like my life now and it just still
wasn't working so I don't know if you
guys will ever see it I don't know um
we're still trying to figure out if that
is gonna happen but now I've been
talking with some people about maybe
doing a new documentary cuz like season
2 is coming out and I'm going on more
tours and I'm working on these other
projects and like so I might start a new
documentary and maybe put pieces of the
old one in it or like I don't know but
that old documentary
Road Myranda how it was I don't know if
you guys will ever see it I'm hoping
that you'll see parts of it and like
good to see some of it because some of
its really awesome and I loved that
documentary a lot um yeah I I don't know
I don't know how I don't know it's I
want you guys to see it
yes meirin cleans glitter said remember
when you said you were gonna livestream
every episode of HBO hits back off I do
remember when I said that and I didn't
finish but a lot was going on in my life
and so I didn't um I didn't get to
finish live-streaming I don't remember
which one I ended on did I did I do
I know I didn't reps with eight but I
don't remember if I did at episode 7 I
was thinking about I think I'm gonna do
it soon because at some point this year
season 2 will come out so leading up to
season 2 coming out I'll probably do a
lot of fun stuff with you guys and
re-watch season 1 with you so that you
can like remember what happened because
it was so long ago you can remember what
happened in season one before you guys
watch season two so um I think I'll do
the final episodes that I didn't do
before when I do that um so yeah oh my
gosh my room is faster next question
okay oh my gosh Suzanne I love you
Suzanne is watching what she thought she
was okay
oh no Natasha said I ended on Episode
five I thought it did more than that so
I start to do six seven and eight
police okay that's a lot okay
basically my version of cleaning is just
shoving everything into drawers so learn
from an adult that's how you do it how
many episodes are in season two there's
eight no okay Jordan said are we
definitely getting the Miranda funeral
show for the UK Europe tour no you are
not you're not getting the funeral show
because I'm not I want to do something
different and there will be a lot of
it'll be like maybe half new stuff half
old stuff it'll be a different theme
show there won't be a coffin and like
Miranda dying and all that jazz um and I
don't know yet but I'm thinking about
doing something totally different for
the Miranda transformation from me into
Miranda like totally different um I just
bought a bunch of stuff on Amazon to see
if I can make it work and so I like
boxes and boxes of just crazy stuff in
my downstairs right now that I need to
open up and set up I might do tonight
and practice and see if I can get this
thing to work
cuz I think you'll be really fun to try
something new I've been doing defying
gravity and let it go for almost nine
years and transform me into Miranda and
it's really fun and I'll never kill it
like it'll always pop up and shows and
stuff but I might not do it this tour I
might do something totally different but
I don't know yet so we'll see I promise
whatever will be will be really cool it
won't be like something super late it'll
be super awesome I wouldn't replace
anything without it'd be cool so no it's
not the funeral show something different
oh the link is working now it says so
whatever link I tweeted earlier let me
see I'll click it I'm trying to make it
worth their weight it is working now so
it's be merch calm slash stores slash
Miranda sings slash is the website I'm
nervous to tweet it again because I
don't want to crash
be merch calm slash store slash Miranda
sings slash so check that out I need to
get a trash bag up here act so much
garbage yeah okay well let's see what's
the next question
I guess the links working go check it
out go look at the merch anak ones mad
about girl not defying gravity Georgia
said opinion on Taylor's new song and
bit oh my gosh we don't have to listen
to some thickness to my bathroom and
todrick is so good and amazing I don't
know I think it's awesome I love it um
but I there's like she Tiana like she's
doing a lot of shade for it which is
kind of annoying like I think it's
awesome um I know she's technically
being shady in the video that's all I'm
saying that she but I feel like she's
just like this responding does what
everyone has said about her like she's
just like being like hey this is awesome
you guys have said about me and to me
and she's just like owning it
she's like oh music can finally same but
I don't know I love it I think it's a
good song and I like it and I think it's
annoying how much in the like girls come
after girls is that's one thing they
don't like they don't like like you
between her and Katy Perry cuz it's like
I don't like encouraging girls sitting
on the curls not gonna encourage girls
hitting my boys I don't who's doing in
like this I just feel like
you have enough like hate and sadness
and horribleness in the world was the
last thing we need is people hating on
each other and especially women because
women are already kind of down upon and
treated badly and manipulated all that
stuff by men and so we need to stick
together and so when women fight against
each other it just kind of makes me sad
yeah I just want to see women empower
each other and build each other up but
not tear each other down so that's the
only thing like I kind of bums me out
like I like that Taylor's like standing
up for herself but it makes me sad that
like that feud is still going on but it
seems like I don't know their business
I don't know their life I'm not gonna
assume things I don't know her I don't
know Katie so I don't know we went on
behind the scenes so I'm not gonna sue
nothing maybe the best friends know yeah
there's always serious
stains on my bed I do not know where we
came from do you guys have that feel
like is that a girl thing or is there
just a disgusting human thing and I'm
just a disgusting human I feel like
there's always nasty nasty stains on my
bed I think most murmur from gusts to be
honest maybe I mean they're probably
coming but remember dinner from Gus why
are there so many blankets in my room
those are for my kids Parker and Bailey
and jakey came up and we had a little
cuddle party up here and okay next
question I just made my bed making
progress Ali said she has the scenes -
how's your shoulder doing not great but
I'm okay let's see everyone's saying
they have the stands - yeah where do the
stains come from they're like mysterious
weird stains and I'm like what are you
like a little dot this big of like
yellow or brown or like gray
what is that Oh Ellis it's just me okay
okay
how are the VMAs VMAs were so fun okay
so I have a vlog up of it check that out
you should the VMAs were awesome really
really exciting maybe really nervous to
be there like I was beyond nervous but
it was really fun let me see who I can
give you guys the tea who is nice and
who was rude at the VMAs basically
everyone was really nice there was one
person and I'm not gonna say who cuz I'm
not gonna be like that cuz maybe they're
just having a bad day I've had bad days
too but there was a person everyone I
interviewed was so nice like so so so so
so nice um there was one person I
interviewed and every time we asked him
a question they were like I don't know
like that like I maybe they're just
having another bad day so I don't know I
don't assume that that person's like
rude cuz I don't know that person and
I've never met that person before and
maybe someone was just roots been on the
red carpet because people are rude to me
all the time on the red carpet when I am
interviewed so maybe someone had just
been read to them and they just didn't
want either anymore but it was very like
every time me and Andy were like so and
some question what's this about what do
you think la la and this person was just
like I don't know
Oh like I said maybe that person was
having a bad day
maybe I just read into it I don't know
but so um what else
VMAs everyone was really nice more
people knew who Miranda was a nice
thought we're going to which was
exciting like um Noah Cyrus and at least
unless she's lying but no Cyrus is like
oh my god yeah I know Miranda hey
Miranda and I was
no assignments like I freights cuz I
love so that was exciting
Jared Leto had no idea who I was that he
was really nice really really really
nice um everyone was home was nice
honestly like everyone's really sweet
Liza
Co she was there and I had to stay in
character I wanted to like break
character so bad and why so my god I
wanna hang out you and your friend um
she was the cue soul beam like she was
so tiny like tiny and so cute I'm just
so bubbly and happy and sweet and she
I've met lies a couple times before and
she's always like that like she's always
the sweetest happiest bubbliest like
she's so nice so it was good to see her
we're not like friends we're just like
I've met her a couple times a couple
different things she's really cool and
she was excited to be there and then it
was funny yeah everyone just was so
different like it was I don't know I
feel like I feel like celebrities have
such a bad like stigma to their name
like everyone assumes celebrities are
rude and you know people make videos
thing like rude celebrities I met which
I've done one is Mariano like and I
think they're just they're just people
like they're just people and sometimes
they might be in a bad mood and that's
okay like sometimes people are in a bad
mood but that doesn't make them a bad
person or a rude person um everyone was
really nice like everyone I talked to
like logic one of the nicest guys I have
ever spoken to like genuine sweet kind
just amazing like he was so so so sweet
everyone was like that though everyone
was really nice angel just text me um
ooh here's an interesting question grace
one two three four five said what's the
scariest moment of your childhood oh man
that's a dark
scarus this is the shirt I'm I'm finally
unpacking from Canada right now this is
the shirt I wear in the noise canceling
headphones video um the scary scene from
my childhood
that's the worst folding job in the
universe so you should see that how bad
that was I ended up just rolling it um
scariest thing that happen to my
childhood god I don't know like if you
like nothing really that scary happened
to me I I there's one thing that's like
scarred in my brain and it's not even
scary it's just like a moment that I
remember being mortified a lot of
national texting back okay what was the
question
scariest moment oh yes I remember
so I was in a Taco Bell shocker I wasn't
talked about with my mom and I went to
the bathroom or so I don't know but I
came back I came and I started I was
really little and I started walking I
like grabbing my mom's legs I was like a
really shy little girl when I was really
really little and I was like a mommy's
girl like I had to be touched my mom at
all times and I went to my mom's legs
and I was like holding on her legs and I
was like holding underlays and Walker
and his circles around her like around
my mom's legs and then I heard this
voice that was not my mom and it was
like uh hi and I looked up and it was
some random woman who's like wearing
similar jeans to my mom this is not a
scary moment by the way this is just a
moment that's like burned into my brain
because I was so embarrassed and so
scared because I was so shy the fact
that I had just like hug some random
person was like holding on to their legs
and like crawling on their legs I was so
embarrassed um except for some reason
that pops into my brain I just thought
this anymore but what else scary moment
from my childhood
I mean how nice cameras like hmm I never
really got like lost so I never I was
soon I was I would get really I was I
guess I I kind of was a scaredy cat
there's one thing that scared me every
week I had like really bad like anxiety
if I didn't like being away from my mom
I didn't like being away from home I get
really bad homesickness and I I've
talked about this before online a little
bit but I if I was not with my parents
at night like I couldn't spend the night
at friends houses like I until I was
maybe 12 like you
have slumber parties and stuff when
you're little like I couldn't do it like
I would just bawl my eyes out I thought
something was gonna happen to me and I
thought something's gonna happen to my
family if I wasn't with them I only felt
safe if my family was all together I'm
still kind of like that like I don't
sleep with the same house as my family
but I still need to be around them all
the time I don't feel okay unless I see
my family often like they are web so
intertwined in their lives a STONER 20
mine and and so when I was really little
like I just could not spend the night at
anyone's house unless it was my house
even it was my grandparents like I go to
my grandparents house and I would just
cry and cry and beg please let me go
home please let me go home I can't be
here let me call my mom I just saw and
my parents would have to come pick me up
and um so I I would had like really bad
the except eration anxiety for my
parents I don't know why but I remember
my school that I one of my publicist was
I went to a bunch of different
elementary schools and one that I went
to my we had every Thursday it was two
o'clock day I don't know if you guys
have that now
a lot of you are younger watching me
right now or not but or you adults had
this when you're younger but we got out
of school 3:00 p.m. but every Thursday
we got out at 2 p.m. in elementary
school and one Thursday my mom forgot
that it was a two o'clock day if she
forgot that it was Thursday this is so
minimal and not a big deal and most
people on the planet would just be like
oh she just forgot let's just call her
and tell her she forgot it she'll come
pick him yeah I was not like that like I
was so stressed like said such things I
I lost it like I think I was in fourth
grade and I remember the day so well I
went out to wait for my mom and I waited
and all the cars came around the parking
lot and all my friends left and I was
the only one standing there out by the
cars and the parking lot was empty and I
was standing there alone and it's
probably 2:15 at this point 2:30 and I
bawled like just soft and I ran into the
office and I was like my mom's not here
she forgot me and and I wasn't even I
thought she forgot me like I
thought something had happened her
because I thought my mom loves me so
much like she wouldn't forget me like so
she must have died like that's the only
explanation and I'm like that even now
like in relationships and stuff like or
friendships if someone is supposed to
come over and they're late like I don't
think they hit traffic
I think something horrible happened to
them and they must have died and like I
freaked like I 3 I'm such a I don't know
what that's called maybe someone out
there can analyze that and tell me what
that means if that's like some sort of
anxiety or I don't know what that's
called but it's true like I have major
panic and I assumed the absolute worst
like I assumed the worst possible case
scenario and I just freaked out so um I
mean you said what's the scariest thing
that happen in your little my mind goes
to like a couple things but that's one
that I remember just sobbing and the
nurse because we never cell phones back
then and soaks I'm an old lady so the
nurse called my mom and my mom said oh I
forgot I'm so sorry and so my mom showed
up late but I even had the nurse at your
mom's on her way like I didn't believe
her like I was like no she's there's
something wrong like and I was positive
something was wrong with my mom even
though she had just talked to my mom and
I was like yeah I'm coming right now my
mom looked two minutes from I could have
walked home like um but yeah that that
pops out of my mind I'm wondering I'm
curious if any of you have that same
irrational fear as I do like if like
obviously if someone calls me like last
night Heather came over if had their
calls that I'm what she did she text me
she said I'm stuck in traffic I'm gonna
be late obviously don't panic but if I
don't hear from her and I know she's
gonna come over at a certain time I
don't assume she's stuck in traffic
I assume something horrible happened so
and it like destroys me like been a
crazy person in past relationships like
we're all like call every family member
and friend of the person who I can't get
ahold of and like crying like freak out
um so that that was a scary thing that
happened to me tiny other scary things
anything um I my sister would get night
terrors when she was little and that was
scary to wake up to cuz we shared a room
she'd wake up in her eye I'd wake up and
she could she'd be screaming and
marching in a circle in the corner of
our bedroom
she's been marching like yeah like
screaming sobbing and her eyes be wide
open but she was asleep it was the
weirdest thing so that was kind of scary
wake up to all the time but she only had
that till she was like 4 wow that was a
really long-winded answer
Ava said I have that fear of 10,000%
it's gotten better but I literally
couldn't control it when I did yeah I'm
the same way like couldn't control it
uncontrollable sobbing I just assumed
the worst thing in the world was
happening ever Becky said nope you're
not alone I do this every day Kirsten
said I'm like this too like if my mom is
late to pick me up from school said to
freak out ask that girl exact same way
let my feel a little too much em I said
I've had this problem a lot more lately
it's so scary so maybe it's not that
weird I thought maybe there's something
like wrong with me that my brain went to
this dark scary place whenever I can't
hear from can't find someone or you
can't hear from them but I guess it's
pretty normal yeah Jen said whenever my
mom brothers so they're gonna pick me up
from work an hour late I think they're
in a car accident yeah Sophie said have
you ever had any paranormal experiences
since he did the Ouija board Corey no
but hey I don't know if I'm allowed to
tell you this but I'm about to do
something where I might get to
experience some paranormal things very
soon like there's something happening
very very soon I get to meet and talk to
paranormal things but I don't know if
I'm gonna tell you about it yet so who
knows I'm the worst
I should probably name you said that the
whatever um but since we're just talking
about that fear thing
okay so there was this one time where I
was at my grandma's house I will never
forget it
and um I was really scared I wanted to
go home I was crying and my grandma did
not want me to go home my grandma and my
grandpa were the two most incredible
human beings on planet Earth like
literally the best people you would ever
meet in the universe where my
grandparents like the sweetest most like
nicest most perfect hilarious sweet
selfless amazing human beings
so anyway my grandma didn't want me to
go home because she was she loved me and
she knew that she could keep me safe she
knew I was fine
so even I was crying in bed go home she
was like you're fine here please don't
go home like please stay I want you to
stay here and have fun with me and but I
wanted to go home so bad and she's like
just try to go to sleep here I'll go to
your room with you so she went into my
room with the room I'll sleep in and she
laid me on my stomach and she started
rubbing my back and she was like here
I'll pray with you and so she prayed and
she like rubbed my back and she said
just close your eyes and you'll go to
and you'll go to sleep and I was crying
I was like no I want to go home and
she's like oh and just breathe and just
pray and think good thoughts and so
close my eyes and she started rubbing my
back and like tickling my back and I
started praying I was probably like 10
or 11 I started praying
I remember the prayer - I remember like
saying God like please put your angels
around me and keep me safe I'm scared
like this little girl was like a little
dinky prayer and I remember I remember
feeling like my grandma I remember
feeling just warm and cozy and happy and
I felt my grandma's hand on my back and
I felt safe and I felt better and I
opened my eyes I saw my grandma like
okay I'm gonna stay and I opened my eyes
and she wasn't there she was not in the
room anymore
like she had she had left she was in
there earlier but she had left and I
could still feel someone rubbing my back
like tickling my back and
I could still feel it and but she was
not in the room and I remember like I
wasn't scared as a little girl that I
knew I was like oh that's an angel like
that's someone watching me and someone's
tickling my back and making me feel warm
and cozy I'm safe and I fell asleep and
I was the first time I was I was able to
spend the night somewhere that wasn't my
house and I still remember that and
regardless of whether you know who knows
what that was maybe it was an angel
maybe it was a ghost maybe it was just
the sensation that she had just been
rubbing my back so I could still feel it
who knows what it was but I I know that
then when I was a little ten-year-old
girl I believed that it was an angel
rubbing my back and then Jesus was
protecting me and it would just remember
that moment and feeling like it was very
special to me when I was a little girl I
remember being like oh my gosh someone
is in here protecting me and taking care
of me even though nothing bad was
happening I was just like scared for no
reason but I love stuff like that I love
moments whether it be paranormal or
ghosts or people who moved on or angels
or nothing who knows what all it all is
but it's that's all very II I love stuff
like that I love that I asked to be
protected and then I felt protected and
that was okay and I don't know why that
kind of stuff was cool to me about it is
look at my cat Gus you gotta be cute for
the internet doing he was thinking about
biting me and changing your mind
hmm he falls asleep often with my hand
in his mouth like he'll take a bite of
me and the Nutri pass out and then I'm
just like stringing along folding your
laundry but this is the most boring
which is Chanyeol just feels like we're
just friends this is chatting okay
I'm Abby said it was me Abby as Jesus
fries parker's stalker said what was
your childhood crush Jesse from full
house Uncle Jesse C Ray said would you
ever find another cat's with us could
have a friend I don't know I thought
about it in the past I really wanted one
another one but the promise and I still
I do want more pets I want dogs I want
cats but Gus is territorial on it makes
me so sad because Gus like he and
granted okay he's a cookie this year
does better way hey um guess whenever
blaze comes over cuz Rachel comes over
all the time with her dog my sister with
her dog I'm sure Rottweiler
no he's not I literally just made up a
crazy lie why did I have to say that I
grew up with a Rottweiler my sister has
a pit bull that was so weird why did I
say wrong anyway whenever she comes over
with him granted he's a big scary dog
and he's not scary I mean he's a sweetie
but to Gus he's probably scary because
he's big and he's muscley he's very loud
and so Gus doesn't like him he hisses at
him he swats at him and blaze barks
didn't like they don't get along it
makes me so sad because I want them to
be best friends so I don't know how Gus
would like I don't know if Gus would
like another person in the house another
cat or another dog or anything yeah give
me something I would like another kitty
but no one could be as good as Gus Gus
isn't the freakin most Alina Elena sorry
I don't know if I'm seeing you anymore
probably if you weren't a youtuber what
would you do I'd want to be a mom I
think a mom
and I want to
open up a musical theater camp for kids
or just like an arts camp it doesn't
have to be an easel theater just like it
has to do art so kids could come and
draw and dance and sing and just get out
that like creative have a creative
outlet away from home like to do but I
really want your mom something and I
don't think I could maybe I could I
don't know I don't know that I could do
be a mom and have a full-time job like
I'd like to think that I can like
sometimes I'm like yeah I could still
work if I had kids but I don't know cuz
like even when like Bailey and Jacob and
Parker and Duncan come over like I
cannot work like there's not a chance
when they're here like I'm making them
food we're playing games we're doing
crafts like we're you know doing what
like it's really hard to do work with
kids around so and I love being full-on
100% you get my attention
nothing else matters like it's their
kids around so I can't imagine working
if I'd kids but maybe who knows women so
many clothes
Kylie answer one more question Ryan said
what are your thoughts can big brother
cool okay I love big brother um I love I
like the American one I loved
Trisha and she was just on Celebrity Big
Brother and then she left the house and
I loved her and but I do love the
American version better than the British
version um so basically this season a
big brother to me has been a little
disappointing and I love the show I love
everyone on the show this is not me
throwing shade or spilling tea on anyone
in the cast
um or whatever but I just feel like Paul
is running the house I don't know if any
of you guys watch the great of it this
is one guy who's literally controlling
the whole house he makes every decision
for everyone and it feels like no one
else is playing the game so usually Big
Brother
everyone's competing and trying really
hard to win everything so they can win
the money at the end of the season and I
think the season no one cares like no
one wants to play no one's trying
they're just letting Paul do it all on
Paul's gonna win it's like obvious since
Paul the house it's one like he's anyone
so this season's been kind of a bummer
because there's no like exciting like oh
my gosh who's gonna win what's gonna
happen it's just gonna like oh yeah Paul
Zealand like that's kind of just the end
Paul's gonna win cool so that's kind of
a bummer but that's my thought something
but I do love that show
a lot I said one morning that I was
lying I was doing some Joss is getting a
at loves Rachel Ian says can we buy your
merch at the Amsterdam show - I don't
have a credit card yes you can buy the
merch once you get there or you can buy
it on the website oh my gosh okay some
Damaris once - she said are we ever
gonna know the real story of this video
the video where I said my boobs made him
cry because that's not the whole truth
the story time video basically says like
a boy touched my boobs we were making
out and you touch my boobs and then he
cried because he felt like such a sinner
that did happen that did 100% happen
that wasn't a lie
but another time he did do a little
further than that and he cried even
harder and um I mean you guys probably
assume what he did but uh he I don't say
I don't know how to like it little
people are like that I'm watching I
don't know how young some of you guys
are as I don't to say things are
inappropriate um but yeah that story is
not
completely sure like it is true that did
happen I didn't lie the boy touch my
boobs and he cried but the time where he
really cried and went to town and felt
so bad we had done something that was a
little bit further than that but like
still not like I didn't I was a virgin
all through college I like I didn't do
anything dirty or bad like nothing um so
even the thing that we did do was still
really like minimal and probably most
people on here have done and I didn't
even do it until I was like 20-something
um yeah I don't want to say cuz I don't
know if like little like little kids are
watching and I don't want to be
inappropriate to like little little ones
everyone's just telling me this ability
okay now it's people are assuming it's
worse than what it was people are
assuming it's like way worse be worse
now people are all asking it's not as
bad as he think like before I like
saying oh just say that he did this and
it wasn't bad like it really wasn't it
was just more than touching boobs um
okay we're not talking about that anyway
y'all need to drop it Scott said will
you be doing vlog Michigan's here yes I
definitely will Oh Riley said tell the
weed story so I did film a story time
video where I talked about a time where
I got I I did a drug I did now I am a
very good girl
and I don't do much of anything I mostly
just work 24/7 and hang out my family my
friends that's all that I do I drink a
glass of something maybe once a month if
that
like not even and I don't touch drug
but I have tried marijuana and I tell
the story of it and it's embarrassing so
I did tell the story and I was older
like I was not like I was it was after
college like and I'll wait cuz it is a
story time I want you guys see her the
story but I just don't want you all to
know that it wasn't no like I'm
ain't no pothead I don't not that I
shade on people who like marijuana is
very legal in a lot of places and a lot
of people like it for a medical use a
lot of people like every funniest
whatever I don't do it but I just want
it to be known that I'm no stone red
Chloe said are you gonna do a collab
month for November I don't know that's a
good idea
see November 2 my in my mind is kind of
reserved for like childhood cancer
fundraiser cuz that's what I do because
November is my birth month my birthday
month and so I'm messing up they always
save raise money for childhood cancer so
that's gonna but that month is reserved
for but maybe I will do it maybe I'll do
it a collab month I said I won't want to
right now what is it right now
September almost hmm you could do some
collab stuff October I don't know y'all
I have no idea what I'm gonna do um it's
harder to class now because everyone's
so busy and like the people I used to
collab with like are so busy and doing
new projects and it's like not as
popular remember you guys remembered the
era of like Tyler Oakley and zoella
Connor Franta the Holy Trinity like the
era of YouTube were like it was a few
years ago a couple years ago but those
people were like the youtubers that were
really popular and they'd always collab
all the time everyone collab monks and
everyone was like really close we're all
really good friends and then we also
doing all these other projects and like
started kind of branching out and doing
other things and then now there's
whole new era of youtubers who are great
like some of them are super talented and
just question the game like classic oh
she is so talented and so genuine and so
sweet and the gabbie show so sweet and
awesome and talented and funny and like
there's some really great youtubers out
there but it's just totally different
than it used to be it's like night and
day from how YouTube used to be then
there's also like other youtubers who
are you know just around for the drama
and like starting drama and not being
very nice people and um it's just so
different like I feel like it's so
different and it used to very much be
like just the vloggers who like talks to
the camera and now there's like elements
of YouTube that are much more defined I
know they're always there like there are
always gamers are always beauty gurus
there's always this feeling I felt it
goes all like these are the youtubers
and now it's like here's story time
people care be gurus here are the
vloggers here are the drama channels
like and it's like very separated and
there's a and it's there's a very um
like a very young generation now
watching YouTube not watching but maybe
watching too but on YouTube it's like
much younger so when I collab with
people now I feel so old I do just
because I've been on YouTube for 10
years and I just feel old like I feel
old next to like like I did collabs and
they were so fun with like with like
Maddie Ziegler and Jojo and grace Vander
all like I was just clapping with these
people and they're they're so talented
and they're so sweet
such great go-getters hard-working women
like little ladies in the business but I
am literally old enough to be their
mother so I feel kind of weird like
collabing with people who are so much
younger than me I mean I think they're
cute and they're fun but I just wouldn't
want I never wanted to look I don't know
I just
it's just feel so different you used to
feel like I was collabing with um like
my buddies like my friends and now I'm
like I feel like I'm like that weird and
that's like me humid Oh anyway
even these little pants I got a cute I
got a bunch of new clothes why do I
don't like these cuz it kind of low and
I don't like my tummy so I like to cover
it up with high-waisted jeans this is
literally the most boring lecture in the
world so I'm glad that I titled it that
because it's very accurate where'd you
get your phone cases from a lot I get
them online I think I got this in like
forever 21 calm or like hmm like I go
shopping the well the night for weird
things and that's what I got this one
let's see Sarah hi Sarah I love you she
said what's been the highlight of this
year so far so maybe some things have
happened you this year Sarah I wouldn't
on this one this year has been full of
ups and downs
holy smokes it has definitely been the
hardest saddest happiest most
overwhelming exhausting
rewarding year of my life like literally
every single word that you can use to
describe anything I have experienced
this year it has been the hardest the I
mean you keep their every word like the
saddest hurtful devastating exciting
happy wonderful like every single thing
this year that's happened to me like I
could too it's been the most in tendency
ever out of my life the most intense um
my favorite thing was having me this
year
season two shooting season two is really
fun there's um there's a lot of
wonderful things have happened this year
I think the the best like okay so I'll
say two things the best like physical
actual thing that I have done that I
have experienced this year was probably
onset um I kind of got to help co-direct
a few things and there's one scene in
particular that I got to direct like I
got to like we had directors for every
rep said I never directed anything like
we had directors there but I was very
much involved with saying how I wanted
the scene shot and like that we had
awesome directors who were really
collaborative and just amazing but I
found a new like love and passion for
directing and I never thought like
season 1 I was like I would never back
no way and now this season I'm like oh
my god like I can't wait to direct
someday
um but it's like something that was
really cool that this year was there are
a few moments and there's one scene in
particular that I directed and had the
idea for for the lighting and for how
camera movements happened what happened
in the scene and I fought for it and I
really wanted it to happen and that's
how we shot it and that's how it came to
be and then seeing in the editing room
and then now seeing the final product of
it I'm like this feeling of like pride
and happiness that like I did something
I was told I couldn't do and I didn't
know how to do and I did it and it's
good like I don't know that that feeling
of like oh I can do it and like
challenging myself to do something I
thought I could never do other people
told me I could never do and challenging
myself and having an idea and going no I
want to do this I think this is a good
idea and I believe in myself and like
making it happen that was pretty cool
and there are a few moments on set or
something like that would happen or like
I'll show a friend or family member a
scene and I like that scene was so cool
that shot was so cool and I'm like oh I
directed that like so those moments I've
been really cold like to learn like I'm
capable of doing something like that has
been exciting obviously interviewing
people on the red carpet for Ellen was
really exciting but I think personally
what's been the best thing that's
happening me this year and I'll leave
with this is how much I have because
events are so much how much I have grown
and changed and learned about myself in
the last year has been wonderful like
really hard it's been like really hard
and like it's been a challenging hard
year but I feel like I've learned so
much about myself and I am growing and
changing and becoming a better person
and I'm really proud of myself and
gaining confidence and things I never
had confidence in before and learning
things about myself that I didn't know
about myself before I don't know I'm not
explaining it well but I feel like I'm
really turning into the person that I
want to be and I'm turning into a person
I'm proud of and I'm not ashamed of and
that's really cool and obviously I still
have a lot of growing and learning and
changing to do we all do but yeah it's
exciting to learn
more about yourself and become a better
person and gain confidence and find who
you are is really exciting and I'm I
know I have a long way to go but that's
been really cool and exciting I think
that's my favorite thing about this year
and just learning like you know it's
nice to have some things that are just
for me and just for myself and to try to
you try to find happiness and
satisfaction and who I am and and
separate that from work or from family
or friends from whatever else and just I
don't know I'm I feel like I'm just
talking this because I'm I can you sense
but my favorite things that are faculty
this year are just you know doing season
two and being able to direct stuff and
then personally growing into Who I am
and learning to love myself that's a
simple way to put it and like finally
coming to terms the fact that I'm I'm
like Who I am and that's a cool feeling
to feel for the first time in a long
time so yeah anyway that was a really
long-winded answer and didn't even make
any sense
like I feel like everyone was like
Colleen you literally just said nothing
like that was not even English but you
know but I was trying to say in my head
I feel like it was a psychopath okay um
all right I love you guys I'm gonna go
I'm gonna finish cleaning cuz clearly
and been doing horrible I'll talk to you
soon love you wait
