I'm straight up at diarrhea all day oh
my god okay so I'm I'm freaking that I'm
freaking out
so today is the VMAs and I'm it's so
weird to know I'm going to the VMAs I'm
going to a red car right now and this is
what I currently look like plain face
cuz I'm about to slap on some lipstick
pull my hair back put on some sparkly
red pants and go to the VMAs it's so
weird that I'm going to a red card a
huge event with when do celebrities
looking like this right now I'm just
wearing shorts look at my dirty dirty
room I'm just making sure it's in a crop
top because I'm gonna put up my Miranda
outfit on it in the car it's a hundred
degrees do you not want to get in those
sweatpants any sooner than I have to I'm
so excited I'm so nervous and I've been
like freaking out I have straight up had
diarrhea all day cuz I'm so nervous to
meet celebrities and interview them as
Miranda and be a butthole to them as an
arena I'm like very nervous I don't know
how mean I'm gonna be I don't know how
nervous I'm gonna be I feel like as
Miranda I never really know how I'm
gonna do it until I do it so I think
that's what's stressing me the most is I
have like no idea what to expect
like I don't know what I'm going to do
so that's making me feel really anxious
I'm watching the VMAs after and I don't
want to watch the VMAs in the full-on
sparkle sweatshirt and sweatpants so we
just through like a t-shirt dress and
heels into a bag and I'm gonna change in
a bathroom and like put some mascara on
and lipstick and try to look somewhat
presentable
because yeah this is a crazy day this is
crazy a McDonald's for lunch which did
not help my diarrhea I have to go get my
car and go to the VMAs okay
oh my god that's my roommate my roommate
is it a Taylor Swift music video all
these snaps
and my teacher
sighs I'm actually obsessed now sighs
I'm freaking out right now so much
oh my god
I'm so tired so I got home from the
awards show then Rachel me and Corey
watched the finale of Game of Thrones
which is very exciting and now I need to
go sleep I'm so tired I love that now
that I'm in like daylight I can see how
terribly I did my own makeup because I
was like backstage in a curtain trying
to do my own makeup I had so much fun
today I just want to say thank you to
you guys cuz if it weren't for you
watching my videos and sharing my videos
and supporting me I wouldn't get to do
cool stuff like this it was such a fun
day I was so nervous this morning but
once I got there once I started doing it
I wasn't nervous at all I was just
having fun and like everyone at Ellen
was so nice and so complimentary and
just like kindest sweetest people in the
world when I got there I was like I
really have to pee and they're like take
your time do whatever you need won't be
just be waiting for you and then when I
came back they're like you don't have to
worry about anything just have fun like
they were so cool and I just it was such
a cool opportunity to be able to work
with them and do that so really grateful
it was really cool so now that's done my
brain can relax a little bit so I was
really stressed out about that for the
last few days so now I can focus on
YouTube and my tour and this other
project I'm working on and yeah I love
you guys I will see you next time
well bye was that
