I am going to be on The Ellen Show
what's up y'all is my last day in Canada
doo doo doo doo I love Canada but I love
Vancouver but I've been here for I have
enough months so we're ready to go home
and one more day of work but we're going
in late today so Corey and I are gonna
go get a taco and then go do some color
correction on episodes 7 & 8 let's do it
what was weird sorry about that what's
up guys I am on a little walk in
Vancouver cuz it's my last night here
and I just got off work and it's about
eight o'clock and I was like oh that's
fine last night when Cooper I need to go
for a walk and enjoy the beautifulness
that is the city it's so so pretty I
know you guys have been hearing me
complain a lot like I just want to go
home I'm homesick I want to go home I
miss my family I miss my cat I just want
to go home I want to go home I do want
to go home I'm so excited to go home but
I will miss this city this is definitely
become my home away from home
last year I lived here for half a year
this year I lived for half a year so
it's just my home away from home like I
love the city so much it's probably the
most beautiful city I've ever been to
I think definitely in the top three for
sure and I wish so desperately that I
could take Vancouver and plop it in Los
Angeles because I love the food I love
the people I love the scenery I love the
weather I love this city so it's really
bizarre that I am leaving tomorrow I
have been living here for so long for
some reason this year post-production
was a lot longer than it was last year I
think a lot of it has to do with the
fact that I did a lot more work this
year than I did last year there's a lot
more responsibility on my shoulders this
ierra wish meant that the schedule just
just took longer anyway I have exciting
news I can't believe it I think there's
a there's a boat right there I don't
tell it to you guys with all of them
watching I feel I could be very
uncomfortable I am going to be on The
Ellen Show so I'm not gonna be on it as
like a guest I'm gonna be interviewing
people on the red carpet for the VMAs
this Sunday in character as Miranda
which i think is so much fun if they
asked me to do it as me
I don't think I'd be able to do it like
I I feel like as me I'd be really bad at
interviewing people but as Miranda I can
be bad at it I can be a silly I can be a
jerk I can be kind of just whatever cuz
it's Miranda and I can get away with it
and I think it's gonna be really fun I
think it's me really funny lens for sure
like my favorite talk show like obsessed
like dream goals to be on Ellen and me
Ellen like goals to the Maximus like I
don't think it'll ever happen but this
is I mean if this is as good as it's
gonna get for me I am a happiest of
happy like how exciting what a cool
opportunity to be with Andi interviewing
celebrities in character it's so crazy
and I just know someone's better I'm so
excited I think it's gonna be so much
fun so they're saying that they are
gonna air this segment on Ellen so that
means Ellen will see it which is crazy
that Ellen is going to see my character
interview like I don't know it just
blows my mind like it's so crazy so
maybe I mean who knows maybe someday
I'll get to be on Ellen I doubt that
will ever happen for me but like I just
feel so lucky that this I thought that I
get to do this opportunity it's crazy
it's like I'm flying home tomorrow and
then I hit the ground running like I
immediately start filming videos and
working on this new project and then
finishing up post for season two in LA
and then do the Ellen show and then get
ready for tour cuz I'm going to Europe
in a couple weeks like it's just there's
so many exciting wonderful things in
life and it's really easy to get wrapped
up in the stress of things and missing
my family and missing my home and just
getting so stressed out with all the
stuff I have going on but I just feel
like the luckiest girl in the world and
it's because of you guys it's because
you've watched my channel and I know
I've been through ups and downs and I
don't know what's gonna happen to me as
far as my future and my career I don't
know if everyone's just gonna stop
watching me and no one can be interested
in me anymore I don't know what's gonna
happen but I will say I'm so so grateful
for the journey that I have gotten to
experience and it's because of you guys
and I'm so grateful yeah
so many exciting things are coming soon
I can't wait for you guys to hear about
them and come on the journey with me now
that I'm going back to LA I will be
definitely vlogging way more often so I
won't just be in a darkroom editing all
day so you guys will get to see a little
bit more of my life I'm just excited to
take you with me I love you all right
I'm gonna go pack and then in the
morning I'm getting on a plane oh my god
The Ellen Show oh my god
you
hello I know I look like the monster it
is 1:00 in the morning and I just
finished packing well almost
I'm almost done packing I'm so excited
oh my god it's it's very bittersweet
last year I wasn't up in Canada for this
law and so going home was much more sad
I think like I was really sad and I was
like oh what if I never get to do this
ever again to do my last hand Vancouver
it was a little more sad I'm sad that
it's kind of ending but I know that it's
not like last year I thought I was going
to go home and my work on haters back
off would be done now I know better
I'm good I know I'm gonna go home I
still have a lot of work left to do one
haters back off and then that she was
gonna come out so there's still a lot of
exciting things that are to come with
haters and then if we get to season
three I'll be back up here again and if
we don't get a season three maybe I can
write another TV show or another movie
or something and do it up in Vancouver I
love shooting up here so yes but it's
been a crazy six months I have enough
months and I'm so grateful to the people
of Vancouver for welcoming me here and
making me feel at home and happy and I'm
so grateful to you guys for supporting
me and letting me get to experience this
incredible dream job and I'm so grateful
to the cast and the crew and production
just been a wild ride and
we'll never forget it so last year my
final vlog in Vancouver I sang a song
that I wrote I can even do it again and
I thought about rewriting a song but I
think I did last year and I knew that I
could so I wanna say thank you
thanks for the good times Vancouver I'm
going back to LA
