I'm glad me thorium-232 eclipse sub was
banana pan good morning I look tired as
I am tired I just look up I've got to go
to work but solar eclipse is happening
right now and I don't even know Cory was
like this look this is happening right
now and I was like what it's like 10
a.m. but it's like the weirdest looking
it looks so weird outside okay so
there's like not really even clouds in
the sky but it looks cloudy so it's like
messing with my brain it looks so
bizarre it looks like a dirty musty
cloudy outside but there's no clouds
apparently as we're way up high north of
Vancouver so it's not going to go black
here but apparently it's going to go
like pitch black in America when the
solar eclipse fully happened so this is
so bizarre what people really tell but
there's like no clouds in the sky but
like it looks like it's cloudy outside
super weird is this a good time there
you want you come on all right um we got
to go to work and some sound editing on
episodes 5 and 6 today so those are some
really funny episode so I'm very excited
cool bro it was very long day happy my
brother is in town for a day helped out
a little bit just nice I got home and I
just don't listen all night and I'm just
so ready for this to be over I'm so
grateful for this whole experience I'm
just ready to go home guys I'm so
excited go home I love Vancouver I wish
I could plop in Coover in Los Angeles
because this is like the coolest thing
in the world but I just miss my family I
miss my friends I miss my home a cat
yeah we just had to check through the
rest this week and I'll be home so you
know since I don't have any really
footage for you guys today I thought I
would end again with singing so you guys
can click off if you don't see that but
I want to say the solar eclipse stuff
was banana pants today like it looks so
we're destroying you guys saw a little
bit in my video but like I've got to
work and they let me use some of those
Eclipse glasses and like see the moon go
over the Sun like analogist thought it
was so cool and I'm so grateful that I'm
alive and around and could see that when
it's such an awesome thing happen that's
so rare and our world is really awesome
so as well time to sing a little song
wait
can anybody see desire volley way
I think it's wrong okay I gotta take a
shower and go to bed
Mantor anything when I had ice cream and
cashews for dinner so that's where I'm
at right now I promise my vlogs will get
more entertaining once I go back to LA
Oh
