I'm glad I turned into a person who does
like hall well good morning everybody I
just finished filming Rona videos so now
I'm going to change into myself I'm
going to edit from us today I have a
crazy week of finishing up oh my god I
can't believe we're almost done with the
post-production we're doing the final
sound mixes tomorrow and Tuesday and the
final color mixes on Thursday our
Wednesday and Thursday and Friday and
then I'm going home looking so excited
so I'm like spazzing the freak out and
yes I'm going to change and I'll see you
guys when I don't look like this anymore
hi guys I'm watching big brother when I
should be editing and I wanted to show
you soon as if I bought a store I have I
turned into a person who does like haul
everybody I'm like what should I wear
here my different outfits I got this
BADgal liner from benefit I don't know
if it's any good I haven't heard any
reviews on it but I want a new liner for
my waterline I got some lashes can get
remove away I haven't tried this brand I
got a new benefit blush sugar bombs
Annie because the one that I had I
dropped this morning and it shattered
everywhere and it was a very devastating
moment in my life I got icy hot because
my shoulder has started to hurt really
badly again I got a candle from berry
orchard and I got a new mask on and used
a waterproof one again I don't know this
brand it might be terrible called its
benefit I love benefits but I also
thought I got more hoola bronzer from
benefit because that I ran out of that's
not really boring for you guys but that
was very exciting day for me so I'm
going to finish watching Big Brother
then I'm going to edit and I need to
watch episode 7 and episode 8 of haters
back off and send in my notes and go to
bed and wake up and start the grind of
the week so I can go the at home what's
up guys it's 1:00 in the morning
I watched Game of Thrones and I don't
know I have it I know it's almost like
raving about how good the episode was
tonight but like I have a beef with Game
of Thrones because they have been
talking about these White Walkers coming
for six years or something crazy and
literally they can like walk to the
White Walkers and walk back in like
pretty much the same day and the White
Walkers has taken them six years they
still haven't got the wallet what's
taking them so long they don't want to
spoil anything but it make it seem like
it takes them a month to journey to a
location and then they're like send a
raven to someone who lives
eons and lands away and he's in the bird
is in a note and then all of a sudden
they're there in a few hours like the
logic of the timeframes and the
traveling has never made any sense in
the show and it kind of drives me insane
but anyway it was fine I am now
uploading my video and for tomorrow my
Miranda video for tomorrow so while that
is happening I'm going to play a little
film for you guys if you don't like what
I'm seeing on my uke you can click off
now because that's going to be the rest
this video and if you don't like musical
theater then you definitely should click
off because I was having fun playing
musical theater stuff tonight so that's
what I'm going to do and end of my blog
is jam out to some show tunes on my uke
it's gonna be bad and awkward and so you
not if you're not into that sound
this is a high something to do what are
you staring at
Oh
