I'm Laurie number eight but I like it
it's kind of ugly actually I think I
hear what's up kids I haven't blogged in
like a week because I've been so so
insanely busy in Canada we're in the
home stretch I'm only here for one more
week and then I'm done in Canada unless
we get a season threes and I'd be coming
back but I have been like it's been nuts
oh we are working on sites like 2:00 in
the morning it was crazy so I have not
been vlogging but fill you in on this
week what happened while I wasn't
logging Rachel came up and visited that
was amazing and also our president was a
total asshole this week and I was really
sad and devastated for most of the week
I was really really just bummed out by
the events in our country because it's
really terrifying but today it's
Saturday and I have some videos to film
and stuff to do but first Corey and I
are going to he was over there Corey and
I are going to just go walk around
Vancouver for our last day basically
here that we have all stuff we've done
the West we can so we're going to go
enjoy then cool the Corey and I don't
know how we went shopping a little bit
you
and then I found a piano on the street
and then we got some people I was
delicious and now we're headed back home
to do - who knows what the world is our
oyster miss just kind of move we can get
some mr. ice cream for the final time
you guys know it's my favorite ice cream
place in the universe they make their
ice cream with liquid nitrogen on in
these little things but it's amazing but
my favorite flavor is more they put like
graham crackers in dark chocolate and
then some marshmallow on top and roast
some marshmallows on top it is out of
this world fantastic they don't have it
anymore
it's like they knew all the injects over
there like she's the only one who hates
it so we can get rid of it it was so
good response we got Wario we're just
still really good the double Oreos mom
but I am so sad I just come for my
little shopping trip with Cory and I
want to say there's a few things that I
got first thing I got is this sweater
which you guys saw me and it's like a
grandma sweater I thought it was really
cute got polka dots on it and a little
pink trim so cute and it's like really
cold in the editing room nice to have
sweaters even though I'm moving back to
LA where it's like a billion degrees
it'll probably never wear that sweater
again okay then I don't know if you guys
do this tell me to do this in the
comment section when I go shopping I
hate waiting in line with the dressing
rooms but even more than that I hate
taking off my clothes and then having to
put them back on like taking off skinny
jeans is the worst thing in the world
and like having to take off your shoes
take over skinny jeans and put your
skinny jeans back on put your socks on
but she's on I hate it sometimes I'll go
try clothes on and then not like
anything and then when I leave I'll find
something I wish I had tried on I don't
want to go back in and so that happened
to me today I went to I saw this romper
and I was like that's kind of ugly kind
of 70s I kind of liked it but I didn't
want to go back in the dress room take
off all my clothes I just bought it I
don't know if this fits me it's kind of
ugly right like
love it it's like weird seventies colors
but I didn't know like I love rompers I
love them and I pretty much only have
like black romper so to find one as I
guess design on it is pocket and it's a
thicker material
I know it's ugly I know there's always
be how ugly it is but I like that maybe
I'll try it on to me I don't even know
if it looks good on and then at urban
outfitter I got nail polish because they
have my favorite nail posture I've got
this pretty blue color and I got this
like sharp purpley burgundy colors and
matte and then I got that ugliest color
to ever have been created into a nail
polish Clark's green no it's like the
ugliest color green but for some reason
I really like this so much Amish
I thought these pink tops from urban
outfitter which I think are so cute I
actually want to put on right now so I
got one in like this comes dirty rusty
pink color really popular in Alice's
everywhere and I don't know why because
it's literally like just makes you look
pale and ugly when you have it against
your skin I don't know why this is a
popular color right now but it is and
then I also got it in like a dark blue e
purpley color so I've got these have a
cream bow on them and I love the rainbow
I thought those will track you will see
how they become but I like they're
really fun system like ham Cory I take
it easy we've been working so hard that
it was nice just like walk around break
over and like shop look at the
awesomeness that is this city the city
it is great yeah one week I'll become
one week from today so I'm really glad
to go home okay I just on the
romper and I think I can hit it's really
comfortable it's like the most curly
material ever it's really ugly colors
but I like it optically actually I think
I hate it I liked it for a second I
don't know maybe I like it
it's like I like green romper is when
I'm like working from home I don't want
to think about what I have to wear that
did I don't interpret together an outfit
I just admitted me filming and editing I
love a romper because it's just easy and
this one's really cozy so I think I like
it
what do you guys think so this is what
this shirt looks like you're like when I
wear high-waisted jeans I always just
for like a baggy crop top and so I
wanted something that was more
form-fitting and that's why I thought
that it's kind of weird like it okay it
is now 12:30 in the morning and I spent
the evening just hanging out by myself
at the apartment and filming some videos
and now I'm editing my blog and I found
some footage from when I did the my dark
past video where like I interviewed
myself and there's a lot of really funny
footage of me with the blonde wig on
like just reacting to nothing because I
don't really know what I was doing when
I filmed that video so I films my side
and I filmed the blonde interviewers
side and on a blonde interviewer I would
just like was doing with like making
weird faces and stuff and the footage is
really funny so I thought you guys might
like it but here it is and I love you
guys and maybe I'll try to vlog tomorrow
thanks for being patient with my vlogs
have been all over the place since last
week I've been so busy the I love you
guys
