me gustas chroma eating my hair good
more tink so I'm getting rid of the Teen
Choice Awards I'm watching my girl
Trisha Paytas youtube channel right now
is literally my morning routine I've got
hair in my hands
cuz I'm doing my own hair my cousin Teen
Choice Awards I just don't trust anyone
to do my hair and makeup I'm doing a
ponytail and my hair is so short that
looks like dinking a ponytail some try
on extensions and I don't know I'm
really bad at extensions I'm going to
try to make this work anyway um
do my hair and makeup for the Teen
Choice Awards watching Trisha who just
left the Big Brother house a couple days
ago watching her kill out with me too
and Domeier and get ready okay it's time
to go I don't know why I've been doing
this ponytail lately but I guess it's my
name is saying is a curly ponytail with
hair down I don't know what I'm doing um
but I did go with the black romper a lot
of you guys liked this one when I asked
what I should wear home wearing this
with the blue shoes and have this cute
clutch there at this really cute clutch
isn't as cool guys it's so pretty you
guys know I love the sparkle so this is
my outfit this is what do I look like
tada cover those enjoyed works Cara
you
okay I've ever met in my life
I'm so confused correctly
obviously my peeps are way over there
another over here is long story
I just gotta say one thing I'm all
enjoyed Wars I took out my leave
I'm hanging out good you know with Gus
who is biting me I just filmed a video
and I am sugar to the cores as Miranda
would say because I made the Teen Vogue
like best-dressed list tonight which is
hilarious to me because I am I just love
when anyone on the planet defies the
odds of what what has been told or
taught like what will make it in or like
how to do things in Hollywood when
anyone does it a different way it always
is impressive to me so like that's why I
love the internet and youtubers and
YouTube stars that like they've found a
way to find success doing what they love
whether it be musicians or comedians or
writers or whatever
Gus is coming eating my hair I love that
they found a way to become successful
without going the traditional route
anyway I did not want to hire a stylist
because I was like I don't want to spend
all that my any so expensive style up to
like a thousand dollars so I didn't
wanna spend the money on a stylist hair
and makeup hundreds and hundreds of
dollars sometimes thousands I didn't
high so I didn't get a stylist I didn't
get a hair and makeup person I did it
myself which I felt like really showed
like I feel like everyone else in the
red carpet looks way more bomb than me
like I looked like crusty I was wearing
like a little black romper that looks
like a trash bag kind of and I felt like
I walked on the red carpet and second I
got there I felt really insecure and I
was like oh my gosh everyone else here
looks so pretty and perfect and they all
got set Gus really that's where you
choose to put your tail right now I just
want really insecure because I was like
I feel like I should have gotten a
stylist I don't know what I'm doing I
don't know how to do fashion I don't
know how to do style like I wear the
same thing every single day like I don't
how to do this I don't know how to I
wear my hair the same way every day I do
my makeup the same way every day I
didn't do anything fancy but the fact
that I made a
best dressed list and I didn't have a
stylist I didn't have hair makeup people
it's like kind of cool like I feel like
that's kind of cool how did that happen
I do not know what I'm doing I don't
know that's really exciting to me I mean
Cory helped me a lot and I didn't wear
it like normally they give you all this
crazy stuff to wear the only thing I had
that I got helps with was the clutch the
clutch has really pretty about like
sparkly clutch they let me use that on
the red carpet and that was beautiful
like the clutch was awesome that was the
only thing that I needed help with I
didn't know how to do everything else
like this necklace was like a cheapy TV
it's like a long necklace that I just
wrapped around my neck twice my jewelry
like I got this my mom bought this for
me in London this one I bought a
matching with my mom and Dublin and this
is like a sweet little ring my mom gave
him in on 16 and she said you should
pass it down to your daughters when you
grow up and my earrings are from forever
21 my romper was from guests and it was
probably like 80 bucks and I can't
remember but it wasn't too bad my shoes
were Corey just found for me like I'm so
shocked like I know it's not that big
deal not that big of a deal or grand
scale of things but that is crazy to me
I'm very impressed because I don't know
what I was doing and also when when the
Getty Images came out of my outfit like
the red carpet pictures came out people
are tweeting me like you you want that
ugly thing and I was like oops maybe I
miss our vision like a lot between me
how ugly my outfit was so I thought I
was going to make the worst dressed list
but the fact that I means a best-dressed
list I'm very shocked anyway I think
when a film video and another video just
filmed a video I am drowning and a half
so I'm stressed calm but yeah I love you
guys and I look great oh I just played a
little ditty on the you Kim so tires
already 9:20 and I just filmed clean
videos but now I need to work on heaters
back off oh man I am sleeping McGee
right now I just want to go to bed Vimal
close up this vlog thanks for watching
my little Teen Choice Award video I am
glad that I win I'm so grateful that I
got nominated and it's three years in a
row now that I've been nominated for
that award which is so cool and I'm so
grateful and yeah I'm just excited to
support Internet people who get to be
recognized that these award shows it's
really cool that anyone
even recognizing internet stars as
mainstream celebrity I know we still
have a long way to go but it's cool to
be recognized as that and anyway I love
you guys and I'm going to Canada
tomorrow oh my god
so I'll see you there
