I'm glad me and embrace the screaming of
honking us crying screaming in the car
oh my god okay I was not a vlog today it
is it's 207 in the morning he said to us
in the name change was words are
tomorrow I look like a wreck because I
am Erick I just cried in todrick's arms
because I just had a really scary
experience and I want to tell you guys
about it I am vlog at all really the
last few days I was trying to just like
relax and focus on new projects that I'm
working on and spend time with friends
and okay so I just took a cab and I like
midnight when I got in the cab the cab
driver was like can I take you on side
streets to your house and I was like now
that doesn't make any sense it was like
30 minutes away from here we should take
the freeway and he was like no we should
take side streets I was like no take the
freeway that doesn't any sense and I
just thought it was because it's a cab
cab sometimes they'll try to take you a
long way so that they can make more
money so I thought maybe that's what he
was suggesting we take side streets
instead of the freeway anyway we get on
the freeway and I'm really tired so he's
going to like doze off in the car I woke
up because he slammed on the brakes so I
thought oh he's our hit traffic or we're
already at my house or whatever so he
swims in the breaks I opened my eyes we
are on the freeway like on the 405 when
the busiest biggest freeways in Los
Angeles and he is slamming on the brakes
in the middle of the freeway when
there's no traffic cars are exhibiting
passes at 80 miles an hour in the middle
of the freeway and I was like oh my god
did he fall asleep like what is going on
I was like sir and he like looked at me
and like kind of smiled and then he
speeds up to like 80 miles an hour and
then slows down 50 and slows down to 30
that speeds up to 80 he's swerving in
and out of lanes and I was like what's
going on with what is wrong with this
guy basically to make a long story short
the entire 25 30 minute ride he was
swerving in on the freeway swerving in
and out lanes cars are honking at us
he's almost running into people who
screaming as honking out
I'm screaming the car I'm crying
screaming in the car he's going like 20
miles an hour in where everyone's going
80 zipping past zipping around us
honking it was the scariest experience I
have ever had in a car like I've been in
car accidents before but with car
accidents typically just happened so
fast it's terrifying
that happened so fast and then your
Adrenaline's rushing and it's so scary
but it like lasts for just like a second
I had like 25 30 minutes of like
constant oh my gosh we almost just got
killed oh my gosh whoa mr. Scott killed
again I'm crying and screaming it was so
scary and then we got to my house and he
and I was exerting to learn how to drive
more safely that was extremely dangerous
you almost killed us you were swerving
all over the highway like I don't know
if you're drunk or what what is wrong
but like you cannot be driving like that
passengers in your car you're going to
hurt someone and I said to him when I
was still in the car that trying to pay
and he got out of his car and slammed
the his car door and stood outside his
car and then that's when todrick came
out and then Taj it was like are you
okay and I was like no I'm not okay this
guy all just killed me and todrick was
like what and I got inside the house and
just like started crying in todrick's
I'm sorry cause like I've never seen you
like this like I've literally never seen
you cry like I've never seen you upset
and I was like well yeah because I've
never almost been murdered before by a
driver who was I don't know if he was
drunk or high I don't know if he just
didn't know how to drive it was
definitely the scariest scariest night
I've had in a really long time like I've
spent the last hour like crying I called
my sister and like talking to todrick
about it for a while like it was really
really scary like I was positive I was
going to die in the car for a while
because of how he was just swerving he
would like zip up to 80 miles an hour
and then like start swerving across all
like five lanes on the 405 and yeah it
was really scary and I'm really really
grateful that I'm okay and he's okay and
I really hope that he didn't pick up any
more passengers tonight and I'm
definitely going to call the cab company
and report him because that man should
not be driving anyone
a scary that was my night tell them what
just happen because I just explained it
but I want to understand how you have
never the most dramatic thing I've ever
seen
kollene do ever I would I thought that
we were in a fight so Vic as I walked
out buddy she was like looking like the
bitch from the ring like she has just
come out of the buggy beauty and she was
like I was like are you okay and she was
like yeah but that man just almost
killed me like pointed at him and then
she came inside and I saw her hands like
shaking and her eyes were like welling
up and watery and I would like clean it
into me teared up saying like I would
like hugging her and she was so shaky
and tired I know it was so scary it was
really crazy that she was trying to get
a cup of orange juice to shake he's just
like I'm literally about to pour this or
chief about this like I'm in a bad
Rihanna video because I'm literally just
that I was so scared anyway she was
definitely not having it was where's my
witness that I'm not being dramatic this
ain't no clickbait I literally almost
died tonight and it was so scary
alright it's almost like 2/3 in the
morning so I'm gonna go hang out todrick
and yes exactly
goodbye
