all right we are doing a photo shoot for
this stuff well I say first you we're
literally going in the garden to take
the pictures but you know what I mean
but I have good pictures without a smoke
machine I mean can you say the same
about a unicorn but just take the smoke
machine for now that's fine we have the
brains of the operation okay we have the
hands of the operation the cameraman
Josh and lights pretty light if you guys
ever see any good in streams as
basically Josh's taking of us so damn
smoke machine isn't working right now
gosh I didn't pay you for this that's
right I didn't pay you for this we're
changing location to changes room oh my
god naked girl oh my god
how many boxing shoes does this guy need
these guys three pairs of boxing shoes
oh yeah oh yeah that's thank you oh yeah
Josh yeah it was a bit dark but you know
I'll climb on there next that's the next
one up there why isn't it smoking yet
we're gonna use that as a smoke machine
you may have life will the smoke machine
work yes oh that's unfortunate how do we
fix this it's doing be enough though is
it is the window there yeah it's this
wire this keeps getting all this oh yeah
baby oh yeah
weighed it down from about a hundred to
about ten this one this one's good
because you can't see me you'll fix that
right no I want to make you darker you
wanted to say you can't see me yes as I
was gonna like oh yeah I look good now
oh yeah that's that's all Josh does the
master alright so this is me before this
is after some fine work there Josh I
mean it's up on my Instagram now so you
can you can go see that one you're done
well Josh why mine a lien look why have
you done that I'm green I look like a
tree new camo
Seidman much he's only gone and done it
again we got a second it doesn't really
show justice here thank you very much
so this is gonna be a bit boring for
some of you but I want to say it it
sounds very serious it's not that
serious
I'm quitting YouTube no I'm not that I
had to do it alright so if you don't
watch my second channel if you don't
weed in why not it's in my description
down below I'll do a video on there
explaining why I haven't been posting as
much on there like every now and then I
normally post two videos a day recently
I've been posting
one every now and then I'll explain that
all over on that I kind of want to
explain to you about this channel what
I've been doing what I'm going to do and
stuff like that the truth is about this
channel I'm kind of bored
not in a bad way don't get me wrong
there's no good way but basically my
vlogs are the only thing that I've
really enjoyed doing I enjoy doing
challenges but then I see that they get
less views than normal and I say you
know but Kherson the tower thumbnail but
they do less views which makes me think
less of you want to see them and every
now and then I get this really good idea
and I'm like ah that'd be sick to do
with the rest of the sideman but we now
have a side mention and I'm not doing
this as a plug I'm doing this to
actually explain about my channel that
is now my logic is if I have a good idea
that works for all seven sidemen I'm
kind of like I want that on the Seidman
Channel there's beneficial to everyone
instead of just me on my channel so if
you haven't noticed obviously we've been
doing a video every single Sunday on the
sidemen channel you plan to obviously
carry on doing them every Sunday for on
the sidemen channel so if you haven't
seen them go check them out that's why I
haven't been doing many challenges and
I've been sticking to kind of vlogs
because I like to go out more and do
stuff for stuff like that so I try and
make it based around what I do instead
of doing what I do based around my
YouTube I don't have time in any sense
whatsoever basically I don't want to
change how I live now and be sat in my
room
all day every day try and make a video
as for FIFA I'm gonna be honest I'm just
kind of bored of it I like my series I
like routes of glory and the reason I
haven't posted that is because I'm still
waiting for sure and I need to get her
lit and everything if you watch the
series you'll understand why maybe yeah
I know a lot of you are gonna be liable
Wars the point of that but I kinda just
want to explain to you guys that I'm I'm
trying to do a video every other day for
now while I try and figure out exactly
what I want to do there's always been
this thought in my mind of going to
daily vlogs but at the same time I don't
think I live an interesting enough life
to do that so at this current point I'm
kind of at a really weird standstill and
debate in my head of like what do I do
so the moment it's kind of like okay I'm
gonna do vlogs every other day and I'm
also gonna maybe drop down to one a day
on my second channel as I said I'll
explain that over there but the stuff I
do for vlogs and things like that will
be getting bigger and better and stuff I
mean it will be worth it in general cuz
you guys should enjoy the content more
cuz it's bigger stuff I should enjoy
doing it more because it's more what I
want to do I mean yeah the challenges as
I said get less views so I don't know if
you guys
see and then there's always the vocal
minority that kind of said I know we
love them but the fact is they get less
views so I'm coming like maybe they
don't want to see them I I do enjoy
making them find joy making plots as
well so I'm kind of which one for you
stop saying it's all about views and
stuff I enjoy them equally I've kind of
gone the vlogging route means I think
you guys seem to be enjoying I happy to
be doing a patience test as well that
video didn't hit 300,000 like whatever
it was the video with Jay Jay all videos
with Jay Jay Jay Jay has been
ridiculously busy I am waiting until he
is free and then it'll be done don't
worry he's been so busy with the boxing
and obviously I want him involved it
trust me too busy with the boxing fact
for this video title now tiling a
thumbnail leaving shitty reminders they
use the champ around the house like why
is that in my bed I'm not sleeping with
this this is him putting it there so I
know he's the chap that I'll show you
another example so every time I come
into the kitchen I want to kick some
food away but how does this even make
sense why is there a club here this is
just to remind us that he's the champion
he's the nightmare it's why I'm going
I'm going
throw down the Jake pool Challenger
throw them on the floor we even have a
Ringo already so many youtubers of Kedar
JJ right okay okay hi yes I can tie his
side hey Jen ksi ksi ksi ksi ksi I want
to fight you let's go buy new training
in this I need you look fine though no
but in it vanilla yeah it looks nice you
know like sometimes go let's go what are
you doing I don't know someone else hold
the camera like this okay so I'm coming
to you wait what are you going you're in
my closet get out my room so I got my
fucking room sorry Lizzie for you yeah
