all right I want you to repeat after me
i'ma hit him with the left i'ma hit it
with the right I'm gonna pussy out like
fight night right so I'm recording this
after the fight and obviously everyone
knows the result of the fight already I
know the result I'm happy anyway the
first thing that happened is we went to
the weigh-in for the Joe Weller jj5 I
didn't really record too much it wasn't
the clearest there there's a lot of live
streams good hi Ethan where we go Joey
the classical boxing venue to see the
weigh-in of the case I versus Weller
event
as soon as I can that ring Joe it's over
for you
I chose back Telus battle all I'm gonna
say is you're gonna see the difference
between an actor and an athlete hey you
were in that BBC three program - I can't
wait to beat the shit out of you and
beat the man who beat the man heard out
of you why's he saying who won JJ are
you confident
Joella on the scales at seven eight nine
point two kilogram
eighty-three kilograms for care sorry no
time to jewelry now it looks like the
morning afterward
I've done something that I may regret
after hanging out with Danny from Raqqa
wrecker seeing him place 50,000 Aussie
dollars wait so except that it's done
man
Australians like to gamble yeah dumb ten
thousand pounds on my boy JJ you can't
see that please please look I've done it
10k done do it no faith no faith in JJ
well done well done you smash the press
conference so much so that I put ten key
on you 10k on you are now he convinced
me so all I'm saying is if you get
knocked out bro why are you on the floor
I'm a big fella
do you exist
I will he beat Joella in the fire today
it was time to go to the copper box
watch the fight now honestly JJ was
nervous a little bit I mean I split him
like during the morning in that but I
wanna see you guys understand for some
reason I was more nervous than ever now
during the fight I I didn't actually
record anything because when as soon as
even the music started playing anything
I felt sick oh I was tempted to walk out
and not watch and just kind of like hear
the result look at this guy look how
smart he is oh you look so good
look how smart this guy are you look so
smart yeah everyone just looks so sick
I'm trying not to shit okay yeah we'll
show you okay I mean is a really nice
jumper but you look like trash
Joella knockdown we've got the way this
is my seat that's my view I got a splash
zone I'm aware of front show and get
joke blood on me man us with chrysolite
your outfit it's a really good outfit I
like your outfit
both of dis Monique
TJ is fighting point
oh my god that was a fantastic first
round for teacher
respect and he's trying to learn today
the tool is struggle
so I thought this is bad
hate shots
extra hostage
one minute 30 seconds into the third
round your referee was supposed to stop
the contest your winner by way of home
but yeah he won honestly you guys
understand but it feels weird I feel
like a really weirdly proud reverted
father Mouse weird I die I know this
sounds I don't want to say this but I'm
going to anyway
the money's like 1 for cirno it's a lot
of money but the money is like 1% of my
happiness right now yeah I'm gonna be
living in a high for a long time I mean
well it did well it did well like well
uh well I took a punch and they looked
good but just JJ I mean I I've seen what
changes done I've seen all the training
I've seen everything and fuck you know
he smashed it yeah absolutely killed it
this guy's buzzing anyone is bad I'm
doing it's the day after the fight and
you know I'm just I'm just like summing
up my vlog ok yes because I care about
my friends not just my money
this is him the whole fight was 50k
Aussie dollars which is like 12 pounds
you know who's more buzzing than you
this guy he's the most guest out of
everyone no guests
Oh Super Bowl now so I just came in to
JJ's room because Jake Paul has uploaded
a video basically he's changed shit
about you he's trying so much shit imma
let you just react it imma imma stop
this imma let you do it yeah oh my god
amazing not because I want to buy into
my sound ahead
