all right so before I actually start
vlogging doing you know anything I just
want to say thank you for all the
support on my channel in the last like
week I mean I thank you for everything
but especially in the last week the
support has been incredible and like the
feedback and everything amazing and also
yeah I couldn't get a random person in
time because some people on that website
take like my hand is shaking with a foot
they take quite a while to send that so
you know for the next vlog I will have
someone in towing seriously what is it
mom you know what I've noticed
Logan Paul Jay Paul Feig's Banks they're
all popping off right now what do they
have in common they go to the gym I need
to start going to the gym look at me I'm
a stick from this day on I will go to
the gym because I'm struggling to hold
just happen alright so I was going to
react to my comment but I've decided
that I'm going to get to the others to
react to it and then have water in their
mouths and if they laugh obviously it's
going to be spat out go easy to start
again not my proudest fat the expect
then you said like that one hashtag then
she got fucked by a man who got his head
lund okay below
can you believe he call you so he happen
yeah okay is Tony leave the cyber yeah
Simon going for that Ibiza Mimi alert we
even sure Debbie went to school I bet
his teachers used to make bet to see how
long it would take until you've got a
good haircut
want to wet myself today which happens
again both way so didn't know he was
better than Dre Dre I meant to say dr.
Dre but this was strange - are you
talking son like a tiger Tiger Tiger
would know he was yay oh my god continue
the hunting we will go there even flower
pricks if you saw me I will some of you
white a lot of time a clothing right but
this is all medium stuff so it doesn't
really fit me ever since I started
thinking about going to the gym I'll
throw a little bit bigger that sounded
very odd I'm gonna go pick up some
larges and we'll go see Luis I'm gonna
go say hi pick up some lodges and yeah
I've come to collect my clothes
well the medical echo take windey you
get functional reflective tee
why not actually he looks a ported knee
though for this rap thing so maybe not
all right that should laugh okay I'm
thinking that's all only if there's
nothing a tweak what is that a new
product to carry it all homes we have
the sideline backpack this is a horrible
bug I'm sorry about this but yeah
link in the description I said before I
go home I'm buying Joshua president I
don't know what to get him I just
thought why not don't know if you like
this but those how it go close your eyes
and pee hand up those eyes the hand out
really good why does it feel like
batteries have a look in batteries this
is good berries for your brand new weird
light big unless you can present no I
really like you
I thought you'd become a rocket on
business I see me vlogging actually
benefits you this is the LA - each other
what if not there's actually this curfew
more but this is the last of all I'm
opening this one now so if anyone who
doesn't know where you're new to the
channel basically I have APO box which
is in the description I believe I see
it's probably not here we have what come
on taste of home from your mates down
under down under box symptoms Australia
you never fail to amaze me what fuck is
this I don't have any friends to hold a
camera so I have to do this okay I don't
know if I want to try this
but that's Marmite why does it one thing
vengi my mama is different than table
exactly like Marmite right so the final
thing for today I have heard Chris MD
has released a diss track so I think
it's only right that we watch isn't it
switch cameras this is Chris md's let's
just watch it slide van beef let's be
Avenue I see what you did there Seidman
in the title hi oh okay oh all lit up
is my 50 but ratings Chris okay he's
beefing us but you know it's Chris I
mean Chris is honest it's kind of
language again and do a rap you know oh
sped up writing Zuri a much better girl
I've not been sure since this but God
just to to pop up at so be careful by
doing a poem I've seen the sign men torn
apart although I did it first
three months ago hi oh yeah yeah that's
right
table chisel tip what we said okay is I
won't ever be comfortable but you're
never lost the old roses job I mean yeah
you will never talk with you re like
then the very enjoyed in America healthy
what's big about your future
JJ brings me up so they will stay clear
I'll just say thanks for saving our
Korean I love Chris okay Chris is the
Chris is one of the nicest people that
is the issue
Chris is too nice he just lets thank you
to JJ in this track peace in every video
features you are here we go here we go
badly you know heard call like a cars
Simon to be fair your track was sick
maybe I will report you into my profile
page I'm enjoyed all this beef nodes on
the holes it's just a shame it to space
as your hot wheel I know I Chris Chris
Chris Chris Chris you know that none of
this is staged um it and middle of by
gold camp calm Simon Chris is a nice
person the fact is he's actually dissed
me more than desi house I'd also
mentioned edgy and capable but I can't
take a gay joke or being told my
genitalia small okay go ahead my great
cook I'm struck my answer to you
you'll could get classic Chris I take it
his just you know a bit of fun I think
it is actually a diss track why he just
does Chris Pratt I know he's firing
shots I get it I get the reference a bit
like firing shots but why why are Chris
Pratt whatever anyway Chris Fairplay
definitely I'd I don't think it's this
is something I meant to apply to yeah
let's leave it at that
anyways back to this camera how do you
guys I'm going to end
there thank you guys for watching and I
yeah hope you guys enjoy in the plugs
I'm going to be vlogging a lot more cuz
I do enjoy a lot more so I'm yeah if you
do leave a like thanks for watching you
know why
