before we start make sure you're
subscribed
watch right into a ditch into this trap
wait for my dick hey okay the smart the
small either I could learn video his
channel behind the scenes there well
mobility of motion description fire jump
cool eyes are going out to record a big
video and I'm about to get finished
really yeah why cuz you're gonna do my
bit a shot at the top of the car another
cool shot that's a special I to the
first part what the scene is done the
first part is thank you for that I don't
even know if you guys can see me but the
first part is done it looks sick
the next I've been working out to drums
hi I'm just let him finish he's been
working on this for a couple hours and
then I'm gonna go get a haircut react to
this transition oh yeah you're back and
Vic has released the freaking district
I'm gonna leave a link to it in the
description below because I'm not - see
not going to be showing you what I'm
just saying my reaction but you guys
need to check out go over at the VIX
channel and bang a light on that video
this boy's got my back let's go ahh
daddy daddy daddy is Oliver I don't want
some syrup lied to me I don't I don't
want daddy to reply to me because it's
over I finished him and then mixtures
like put the final bit of dirt on his
grace also what the hell happened with
his mouth here oh my god I think is
actually a gene big Isaac's actually a G
oh my god this guy's I love him I love
this look at you be the boss but the
shock the shock they say there's a first
time for everything
so tell me daddy what the hell were you
thinking drop in mind about my coffee do
you really think that
wasn't big but then me most viewed here
I got more views on my minecraft here
and I'm a display
well I'm who's just it's finished him
then G said he just fucks minecraft pigs
Vic has a video on minecraft that has
more views than edges you're less cool
to be I go you can take your girl is 1 2
can we show gaming but you don't like on
it like look at my guy I have no I have
no words I have no one you guys you guys
just I want everyone to just go onto
this video bang a like on it right now
electric pull you right into a get you
see my little a cameo there yeah just a
little and look see me I was was there
like yeah I made a joke about you know
the whole like crashing TT he does
though I've got a Tesla you got into
nick has wordplay as well you distract
before you talk about dick you first
much and I'm a vindaloo
I knew this fall in there and it gets me
every goddamn time Vic calls himself a
vindaloo I know deep in the lyrics he's
got the genius of Josh's channel but
when you're a bad boy he's got on like
gospel on sand or roll oh my god you
hear kind of fucking groupies I got your
clothing yeah pick up pick up please all
that little caveat you know what
straight up like if you don't like that
video then you don't have a sense of
humor and you don't like rap and you're
racist and everything guys I'm leaving a
link in the description I actually
missed out quite a few lines
what's your on Vic's channel in the
description top-line row I'm done I'm
actually done man said
don't show me love no no no whoa look at
those clothes
