right guys what's up and welcome to
amigo I got Vic star here's a day and
we're gonna be just Chiang to some R and
making new friend that's the air making
new friends yes yes it's hard to do in
real life
doing it on the Internet hey yo she
twerking in the back which all Tyler we
got my ring oh no no no no no sorry
stop castle dress up now but I don't
need to see that I need to see that why
is that real light why is that runs
camera angle just like I can I come here
as well on a scale of 1 to real she's
we're going on chat Bob calm now you
trying to take a phone call while on
omegle with us that's that's really rude
come on no way turned down phone down
but the ones down told to us put it down
yeah what you know if you like absolute
come on come on come on there's no need
for that
wait oh you guys shoot or deny anybody
why did you drunken keep working it
right in American no no come put the
phone down
no this is so really it's found we're
family that's weird we're family now
yeah for the phone down
why does naans might work on omegle can
you explain this this is a situation
we've been trying to understand for a
few years now nor dome eagle has mics
what do you think the cause of this is
John I hear a child line
trying to hit my chess up line nope
hahaha hold it out she's showing up to
the line bag I'm dead I think you're
fake thumbs up if you're real now I'm
not nice to be live W down if you're
real okay no she's not okay I don't have
like a script that might place the
cookie or clap clap twice if you're real
you clap behind your back it's like
yourself with your real
I catch yourself in the face shoot
yourself now that's too far
put the phone down uh-huh down no one
has to get hurt put it down so I got
your phone down then you mentor me
no no I'm unknown cat gaming no channel
Minds um pawn tube Hey hi how are you
related how are you doing today
you know you find shorts are English
accent you think that's acceptable that
is the worst English accent I've ever
heard in my life II - looking at me you
just check our access - oh my lady me
not change perhaps I did not change the
Hoxton
yes I guess it's gone oh good you're
enjoying looking at the penises on
omegle - are you tired with penises on
an eagle speak to Vic and Simon on amigo
tell us your troubles and we will help
how many penises have you encountered
today on omegle or Justin - I'm glad
you're not a penis hey I guess that's
kind of a cough kind of a common man I'm
not a dick why you next why you next
attempt of T see why you make the type
of teen terms yeah you do like a couple
you together really completely we can't
see the guy on the right see look if you
can play this game
that's an iPod Yeah right your friends
obviously like a your friend can want me
to us but the fact your friends got the
booty big enough for me she got a big
booty camera that way unless I see that
her name's Brittany oh yeah we're leavin
ya
you're the fuck up oh hey my bass back
wish God obey really she's real she's
real oh I'm gonna tumble up top you Wow
fuck you fuck you come on amigo mine is
a hot cake we're queer wait wait let's
all take this into matters and tell you
to shut the fuck up
ya know where I want you everyone is jus
anyone to ever chill I heard there was a
report of shut the fuck up chump
what's up wait don't take a moment take
a moment and please do please please no
like genuinely genuinely like I'm so
sorry I did not mean to offend you guys
can we just all calm down a little bit
right you guys see my really chill guys
and we're just chillin oh me go you have
a good time I like my craft if you've
got a problem with that don't subscribe
to my minecraft channel
oh if not if not you can show everyone
we won we won
how is your bed game stronger than hips
nauseous fucking his face is 50% head
that is a really small finger you bet
yeah I bet you don't play as many women
you want to see might want to see this
you want to see this yeah exactly
what's your question do you not with Sam
pepper is yeah didn't touch you today hi
do you like him like a brother no we got
issues in this relationship
the white guy is very interesting oh
come on what the other day what mommy
got you all right yeah I think need to
drag this ya gotta make no junk you are
under stress you say hi hi hi you don't
look very hot face smiles you guys well
oh no no no I didn't do anything wrong
knit suka
