oh my new team of the week is out we
have our Yin Robin I don't know you say
his name but this guy is fucking
ridiculous he's a right wing a 91 if I
got him that that's enema pack up to be
fair if I get van of itchy fire now
though if I get Vannucci daheia and
Sydney and Martin's all Fletcher or lack
a set I'll be happy as long as that I
gave a shit I will be happy right so
before I get into this if you guys want
to buy any Ultimate Team Coins check out
one fifa.com in the description use mini
5 get 5 cent discount also recently I've
done a video on the Harry's Channel wake
here wrote ashore if you want to see it
click here we basically tormented JJ and
Harry that is me and Vic and a yeah some
pretty interesting stuff happened so
yeah you should probably check out it'll
also be in the description let's get on
to these packs alright first pack is
normally terrible last week I got an
informant my first pack but normally if
Tara oh yo why did I just get Falcao I
don't know what's going on right now but
Vic I just got back out don't over the
pack
you alright it's alright you kind of
caressed the buttons I'm not sure if I
like it
alright come on Vic Wow I live in the
past all the time man oh no get out get
out oh I'm a little bit shook I don't
really know what to do I just got I just
got freaking Falcao in my first pack
remember last time when I got Rabanne
the normal kind and then I got frickin
informed Tevez I've got my good player
now I get a good info maybe not now
Alaba you know man I'm gonna marry
man who the fuck is that yo-yo fun and
Daniel I kind of rhymed you know maybe a
hearing me and they're trying to like
give me a player that rhymes with what I
say right let's try again and see if I
can get Reynaldo yo-yo yeah yeah a jekko
actually does run still yo-yo yeah and I
swore it no all right no mind coin pack
next ones the point pack that's where I
get a good player this is just you know
this is a throwaway pack so that I do a
point pack and I get a good play because
that's the theory that I've been working
on and you know what it doesn't it works
Bravo in the Garden of Eden we shall
find a player by the name of man dander
that player doesn't actually exist a Z I
mean look at him come on man
give me someone we're on three rare gold
players and they're all very average I
mean they're good don't get me wrong but
they're all average is our two cannibals
eating a clown you know what okay ea EA
wants to hear this punchline alright one
of the clown's says to the other one
does this taste funny to you
that was shit I got one more right so I
went looking for some camouflage
trousers the other day but I couldn't
find any bone as I'm not really getting
anyone right now I'm going through that
phase of utter shit where I just don't
get anyone I just carry on about my day
hey a barbed Oh a barbed oh no what the
fuck yeah why you're not give me a good
player huh I just want to go play you
don't give me a good player huh this is
so pain but this is some pipe fuck no
look the scar pack here we go right so I
wait I wait I wait I wait I wait I wait
I wait and it should be it should really
be done by now right
these are all the players I should be
all of them right discard done right I
don't know what I'm doing anymore but
I'm gonna try this
come may I may
Laura I'm getting at the moment is trash
come on ei just give me someone please
none of these players are like that top
level like a foul cow 88 boom nothing
and I'm actually nearing the end of my
points and yet okay a sick a gold pack
ei please your kings please give me an
informed ballot please whoa oh my god
Raina sub portage both actually to be
fair that one's a good pass
do I look like I want us out of Hazzard
please just someone can drive us all
right but ask me if he's inform gon ask
me I'll scene right now go no he's not
why would you ask that ah Simon Simon
confidence is key remember that
confidence is key I just keep getting
nipple boy areola here
okay Alaba this is the one thank you
very much well Beth
davon Louise you know what I'm out on
that end of there I'm ended that I know
I didn't getting informed but I will do
another pack opening soon and I promise
you I will get one if you'll have any
superstitions in the comments that I
will do next time let me know play your
swatch it on soup the elephant Oh Minnie
winter earnings alright listen a little
this potential earnings two hundred
thousand dollars
are you mad if I had two hundred
thousand dollars you don't understand
what I would be doing right now what
would I be doing hey two hundred
thousand dollars yeah it's about right
that is the best I could come up with if
I had two hundred thousand dollars I
would be looking at the fact that I have
two hundred thousand dollars
alright let's change Channel
