all right guys JJ dropped a diss track
two days ago quick quick
it is currently 225 in the morning and
JJ has just dropped another one that
other one was a little bit questionable
this one is called little boy the other
one was there Ethan and he fired a few
shots at us and then rice gum just went
in on everyone she's pi felt like to
Sheamus to this time I assume it's Harry
Harry is the only other person to send a
diss track to him here we go i heard
this preview at the end of the last one
and I'm a little bit worried it sounds
like he's actually going out Harry
alright here we go
nice shot rice come house before I'll
walk you better go in I'm worried y'all
these niggas a ready
oh no no boy trying to get involved
common a common errors it's all too
quick what's pulling that with a wrap no
what a trap I hope this isn't an e
because I'm kind of a bush boy me and JJ
did go private school so you know it
could be me it's not me it's Harry it's
Harry you a prodigious group like us are
you to try to watch me aside man why
should you please pick it all the prices
and make you work for less put in all of
our show he didn't just do what I think
I get involve in this shit well I am NOT
getting involved I'm just a YouTube
channel that reacts now guys I'm just
reacting with Nellie's rah rah he makes
you just jump from that to Rosie's get
Rudy as his sister little boy not
looking innocent all cuz they wanna be
relevant huh
yeah kinda my name on my body so you
know I'm now in my element only whatever
you want
Stoller's you're not to make you play
people you ignorant fuck to call it the
gold digger
hahahaha guys I'm said countless times I
have no issue with JJ okay Reggie is the
only one that I have an issue is come up
me powerless under trying to kill this
bone between yo again I get boarded shit
what how many kills have you fought in
your life how many one that's right you
go first for as much we're not you never
had so a goal for head take it you know
that Harry doesn't care Harry is going
to rip you a new asshole when you
cancers have to go get you a prize which
one oh my god I've just realized what it
means for your own good heard it 4head
or that oh my god Joe that is a winner
just like a Peter will imprison jeez
come on just what I seek ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha yes but by she I mean Anna
Gandhi's max the little boy now will
credit you what'll say that shit to me
you want to say that analogy fucking
idiot hey oh hey Johnson him boy that
like I ain't on his side don't get me
wrong
do not get me wrong here I'm not on his
side but that was hard he actually
distant the first this he did the diss
track with rice girl that wasn't a diss
he went eyes and you fat and I have more
money than you that was it that was that
was it this one to be fair to chage uh
yeah he actually oh she yeah you're
tucked him from like I'm gone for an
English speak England is my say they got
big problem
they pulled my dad
psychological
