hey guys before the video starts make
sure you click the subscribe button
right random women anyways I'm here
today with Ethan the fire merchant Oh
and calm his brother you got a little
pain on the face now so it would have
been the other day and this is basically
the stuff that I end up going by when
you face it in the goal yeah because
square is headed the sister you have to
entertain the judges are born in TV
foster playoff season it was a good TV
but it didn't come with any leads
yeah Levi a new game is about Simon just
so you have an immature look that oh my
god that emotional why come on such
great ministry
Simon innocent ha oh boy so you're gonna
let your son walk off by that remember
the thing is I can't even see my son sir
like I don't know it looks like the
reader give us a head to toe right
beneath markups in right here five and
put it in that or what you do wait hang
on hang on are we fresh out the shower
no I don't rate mental images like
that's right offices holding their
driver like Nick competence I'll try
tonight for their do five in yeah that's
great son site nama
how did you get the lace what I love
this from the way it both exits Mort
with man you're holding cigarettes right
now dead so I mean the event was fun but
a random women what do you think of it
okay but upload will be better so people
should go buy tickets I mean that's just
sexual that was so close ha ha yeah the
scars here oh oh okay anything no I have
a lover
now I don't actually know a statistic is
katha like I mean it does that mushroom
tip copy room anyways we're gonna help
Josh out with something but yeah I'm not
going to tell you what it is but you can
see it on his channel I mean you
probably figured out what this this part
was mine the rest of the cars you can
see like the corners here you'll
actually go to Josh's channel oh you see
that
yeah
well justice channel stick it out to you
this you even but I have anything not to
go by and as I'm I'm not subscribed to
your channel so no shit I don't really
know what you've been up to jump cut
I've come home to see this boy her be
the real her be not that imposter that
you guys know let my dogs better ready
what's this
heavy ok sit sit lie down no no yeah
yeah you know you know yes this bump to
look at me like that this bump so for
the first time ever I am meeting but not
real hope this is the fake card count I
wanted to know that he'll fit that was
quicker than my dog I so hope gets
approval but random women what do you
think there herb is definitely worse cuz
what have you done
machi Gaghan now a lot of the job has
had to clean up with it no I'm good from
doing it no herb this is that these jump
cut alright so recently a few people
have said that they are joining the side
men but I'm here with Josh and Ethan and
we're going to just check this video out
to see what you say it just woke up and
I was greeted with from incredible you
and obviously would be a lot of doctors
around India and then we all know what
he's talking about hair oh no it's okay
man okay now I'm sitting for what I've
given birth he's still going
you don't know right you got that eBay
for the easy babe I'm real bad man we
all like to share - laughs no this is
your video because when he hires and he
did a video billion live in its
engineering powered I never moved in
your letter you know you wanna catch
Ebola correlative is different how
magical yeah speak magic I don't know
allow me why the hashtag with a name
like this time stake so go test oh
that's just some ecstatic he said he was
joining the Seidman yep now I think
everyone can tell this is fake I'm not
praying at the same time I have seen
comment so I'd been died and now you
join shake my head all the Seidman
members are back stable friends ah fever
to be honest JJ is better solo than
these fags I mean that's just wow it was
just firstly rude I'd say we've gone up
a notch with you that it's very evident
flashes let's just clear up as well no
one no one is joining knows join me no
one is joining well no one has joined
right now we don't know if anyone's
gonna join but mainly name no one has
joined right laughing doing
so if you say anything about people
joining and stuff like that
lies come take a cheese bar yeah they
can't actually yet whatever you do make
sure you hashtag it actually I have to
go get hashtag no just take no more side
man
I say fuck off Callaghan thanks for
watching make sure you subscribe yeah
what she said do that and remember we'll
say what Robyn I love these laws
