vengeance shall be mine of the last time
I was distraught I think I thought I was
I was genuinely upset guys like
seriously upset oh my days are you
serious are you serious these we've lost
we just we just lost but now we have
thought was ugly 21k okay we sold as
pillow quest ok we sold him Lukaku
maybe we should have kept bukkake but
it's too late so now if we can sell to
Stegen that's like two hundred and
ninety-three thousand coins so daheia we
can sell for okay that's fifty three
fifty ket we could sell them for 50 K so
achievers one is now three eighty okay
we're not going to get in today this
table comment was to buy extra games in
the catalogue no that's how I work the
extra matches on an ultimate team there
in normal season I mean there's coin
boost we can do all the coin boost if
you guys want me to you know I could
pretty much get all of them yeah like
fifty thousand coins in the next fifty
game extra no fuck you I'm gonna put one
on we may as well that's why now the
second sub comment was hooray he lost
more episodes thank you for that but
right now there's nothing to do apart
from flare match we've played one
already in this division when we lost so
I'm already a bit disheartened let's try
let's just let go into a game see if we
can win let's go positive let's stay
positive Simon look loving FC am I gonna
be much loving his team Nathan alright
BP lt's an average ppl thing just hope
the team doesn't play like he did last
episode because that was terrible please
be outside please be on 3rd please
please
what like that team team oh my how was
New Coke you just go ahead how was don't
really know how Luca coaches got there
this is what we want this is the kind of
attack yeah yeah you I was way too
obvious I ain't doing that
Oh multiple thank you thank you because
hunter did not score that oh okay that
might be a little bit harsh Eric byyee
his centre back has just been said are
we serious are you are you serious at
least fucking let me score it doesn't
give you a win doesn't even give me that
other game swansea jack 1997 yours
you're a prick I'm ensuring a bet I lose
this game as well because he's gonna yep
it's not purple son that's the Purple's
are the ones that screw me over I'm
actually pissed now this is you've
really angered me here claim on hazard
has a please you hovered get a rebound
rebound lad
go go go all right how's it oh please
toss it in playing why did I pass that
has it had a much better opportunity
Alexis oh just please him in son Oh
beautiful not beautiful I think about
finesse please score a freaking gold
don't give up so easily Simon talking
about focus on what's ahead of you
where's Marcus Alonso always the
furthest player forward I don't get it
yes Alexi searches please smash it lead
please
I thought that was Sanchez it was hazard
okay so winning this game we should have
gone with last game I'm doing very well
to read this guy but my parsing isn't
going where I want it to again okay okay
okay okay don't really know how that go
work Sanchez I take back everything I
said and he's playing that ball through
yeah good reading team there's halftime
return me a lot to knows one of those
schools were even though I'm dominating
him and I deserve to be two-nil out if
he gets one go back I will lose this
game stop him stop him stop him stop and
feet look this is this is the issue I
was talking about team please please
Wow get that that's my ball my ball into
it good touch Manik horrible touch
absolutely horrible and this is where it
happens where happens Oh No yep go karma
karma
oh my god I'm gonna get goal in a second
I can feel it I can feel it I'll take
the foul I'll take the foul that's good
enough doing well at just keeping it
away from him I don't know if it's smart
to play like this he's taking the throw
he's got five minutes
you know he's gonna try and pull it he
has to go quick here's to go quick I
think I'm on pot the bus puss puss puss
puss whoa okay I always flip them ad
prang take a corner it is a 91st minute
I think we've won that lasted no time
but we went we've won our first game
well it should have been two wins so we
wouldn't played this guy it's hard to
explain hazard man of the match I don't
think hunter Gorgo there's two special
pacts we get you want assists that's
another the third special fact there's a
win if we can get another win now our be
ecstatic we won't win the league I think
we could win the league so if we win
again now we're only allowed two losses
out of our whole season and I've already
lost one okay there's two of these
promotional pacts the 45k so we'll open
these and then we ask these 25k packs
you know use the rest we only get one
more after that anyway so it doesn't
matter that much realistically we're not
using them
wins anyway we can almost afford to hire
team of the season daheia and now we
move on to this is our final pack for
the hunter gold for a huntress if sorry
so we're not going to anything good I
don't think men is we can almost afford
team in season 2 heyo because look at
our team our defense is sorted then it's
all about you know upgrading the Sun for
the ninety rated the team of the season
hazard may be a better an in-form hog
part but they're all ridiculously
expensive right now it's just about
Division one let's go game so yeah
another purple and have a freaking four
and a 94 rated Steven Gerald how does
that work alright we've been playing
better right now we've been playing much
better football early free kick let's
just do it let's just pause but that's
all I don't get three kicks are so weird
in this game has it you have so much
time you had to put that in thank you
how's it okay one nail up we're doing
better Wow or are we or are we or are we
we're still doing better morning you're
beautiful man I could have passed it to
hunt I should have passed the times I
would have got to special pike but at
the moment I'm literally just seeing
gold if he quit please please please -
no 14 minutes a rage packet a rage pack
I said a rage pack once a banner that's
that's one then we get rage quit that's
another two then we get two goals that's
five plus two assists how did you get
that second okay but seven packs I'll
take it bro we got six points all right
there's one pack these are gonna be
awful I'm just going to skip straight to
the pack pack - we get sort of Nando and
Smalling he'll buy me myself back three
Santos yeah nothing number four please
come on pass story number five I've lost
count
this is pack six o we get Muller he'll
sell final pack and we get nothing see
now guys this is where I'd say to you I
played two games and I'm done but the
first game was didn't count third game
which we just won was 14 minutes so as
you guys always say let's play three
games an episode I'm not going to do it
all the time just this episode because
they quit so early but I guarantee I
lose because of this ok I lose this game
and then that just proves that I
shouldn't be three episodes again I'm
glad games go and always tell me to play
a third game I shouldn't play a third
game I mean we have nothing what we do I
was gonna say we have nothing to lose
what is that wait wait wait leave why
didn't I just shoot with his right foot
and there's his first goal brilliant why
am I playing three games this is why I
mean if I lose this game guys I'm just
saying there is no chance I'm ever
playing three games again yeah - no - no
I'm not playing three games ever again
guys please Nepos smash
what a finish son marnai he is my danger
man he's like aged about boom we're back
half time
this is the final chance he doesn't
return with you down the line past time
okay so we're back in it though he's
brought on dembélé as well huh top
from kick core had to get the little
deflection in it can say that says yes
that's the second yellow oh my god
that's actually the second yellow cancer
if it can pays off campus or fetal
what's wrong with people why do people
just quit soon as they get ready I'm not
doing that I'm not doing another game we
got two goals for it I should get a win
johnny-boy for what's wrong with you
that's to quit okay well we've told
Muller
that's 25k these two still on the market
I'm not clotting as a ragequit because
we didn't get with bullets final pack we
get what do we get San Jose and Sinclair
you know what guys daheia let's list him
let's go for 51 and if we can sell the
51 we can afford the de hayu next
episode or we'll buy them at the start
next episode that's all for today I'm
not playing three games again guys so
don't bother commenting let me know what
you want me to do with this series or
whatever so they got push in and pqe
with me I'm on the hallways of weight
diddly that's why came in Hawaii P me
neither and of course I never holding
the key imposed a lactose for cocaine
I've gotten a great in for repeat visit
tanks no I mean by magnifique that
disgusting block
