a man has a toast
rated accident a comedic web series
which one do you think it would be on
the highly really like in this heads or
tail game that we're playing right here
if it's heads
I'm going for a man has a terminator it
was hell okay so I'm going for a
Manhunter Toledo how's that work then I
just think it's gonna be a matter
related accident and to prove it very
true what idiot breaks his Togepi on
butter that's what you said oh you seen
it it's laid fucking toes he's your
header right that's him gain overwatch
yeah he's running jjjj runs a fridge
it's going to get himself to drink and
he slipped on a bar I don't know is he
gonna show us time our mouth won't even
done he 360 no-scope to stuff oh oh nice
crack and you have fun I'll sure I think
that was my last show of advice karma
nothing okay
ting ting that's through the vein King
isn't like hey I'm gonna hit somebody up
like I'm paying I'm I'm walking on flame
is Joey like I'm a beggar I'm a penguin
yeah
yes oh look at that ting ting ha ha ha
the other night I had a painting yeah
like a bunch of drink yeah drink no no
go ahead what to drink yeah yeah wait
you can't swim at least the thing we can
say from that goal are some great
screenshots of Bates's safety of in
first class before accidentally walk
think that one got kicked out okay well
I have a blah blah blah this is going to
be me why do you think that someone be
booked in a pipe I like 2010 yeah we
loved it abba-baba-baba pile that is
great yeah you're right I know my
channel and I must eat Vic we have had
four competitors on here in the past ASI
is leading with 13 it can spend all day
reading form comments that's been doing
pretty much what we all agree searching
for the booty nice it's like some
setting channel Friday 13th really
exactly why were you going for inter
you're going for a mini Minter crazy
like JJ you started off well that is
correct
what is one correct what they do get
harder to someone you know 400 years ago
I hear you wait
throw a gun at spinning a man shooting
himself in the cheek it's not layaway I
think man shoots himself in the cheat
would be a picture anyway I think
programs Burnie is cool so I'm going to
go to that if it is not safe for work
one the programs doing anything I said
lots of like cowboy guy spinning his
guns around like you are yeah and he's
gonna be like spinning around one finger
and then changing to the other finger I
could be just another yeah I've got one
here in three two one
Tommy's a cowboy as he was like Elvis Oh
Oh bartender a gun oh the doc wanted so
Mia cock that old what no it's good
Manny gets the ball here he gets out
wide he takes it round one guy takes it
around another positive to me I do a
little tap back to him he ball rolls and
then the slowest finish ever into the
bottom corner that is Manny
great lake I'll take the assist oh by
the left an apple upside down on the
plate but know what screw me
all right so this is a house
welcome ever get inside already Manny
what's up
where did you go
what the what why you some anime
character what is going on down there is
Vikram but he walked into his room with
a bottle of lotion in the magazine I had
to read some a on the cover so I'm not
going in there MSG is a little super for
theme okay it's a special key back it
says tails on small you're a broken coin
that's very hasn't been heads well I'm
into it again you got you hover in it if
I registered in this what did I say oh
no I'm going for the game of through and
throwing spoons which is the game of
thirds compilation oh oh baby their
buddies win boobies everywhere so the
penis is what why is their opinion for
this where is penis okay there that you
know it's weird or arm or nipples than
humans honor there are also more
technical than there are humans on our
other yeah see you aren't sure that
there's more man pad one that's your mom
Anna yeah so I'm saying that count that
counted yeah yeah we'll say in that
count yeah yeah open on camera if you're
brave it is wait that's not what it is
that is that actually what I think found
that's a bra someone has fully sent me a
bra I feel like a rockstar unless
they're underage in which case I do not
condone this enjoy what do you mean
enjoy long this isn't my side so I
wanted to get rid of it and my first
thought was you because you're lonely
I'm you sending a bra
I killed breast let's get some good lay
come here come over time
like that wavered advised a nap waving
that really come one jumping to the
salmon via
yes
four minutes exactly this between the
street alive and also keep your hopes of
being number one alive all porn on the
Kawasaki you're correct don't get it
Josh you'd consider us friends right we
still friends I was lying about it oh
it's a yodeling pickle I took get it
good
I'd still rather the new Cod world at
war - then this porn going for forum
yeah the account that made it what
cucumber vivo have to take that as your
final answer
and it is priceless
I started with the back and then you
something is merriment uh is mini meant
Oh
not me
collection it listen to that lunch that
I like to do that all of you that long
well I may read a bit from our favorite
sure so I think that like a London 2012
tile
dat dat lunch who is with dat hoe be
racist yeah then I'm famous that lunch
there was children zero start little bit
what's wrong with you
2012 i draped that bouquet
it would rate it's nine but it's missing
my date de pacheco the attitude right
now yeah it's really only only only
attitude the people on phone :
Barrett Ice King but he met me didn't
one hand pipe in I was a careful prawns
fuck you yeah born yeah I'll fax it
either change the mind last minute
no one's correct yeah I'm gonna come is
the title how many such a trial on J's
it must be Davis gopher classic better
Inga as a nice entitled on your line on
your line on your line what is branch
blank um Roach a ran ranch
hahaha ranch would you ladies anything
okay I just want to dabble ranch
that's the that's like the source like
ranch dressing right is that calling
that is what I love
I do wanna Rolly Rolly Rolly with a
deference I already got some designers
