it's gonna be really the darkest or
which idea is nice actually be quite
nice if they didn't have the spice
treatment when you suck in no snakes
just noodles guys actually - so far just
eat it just easy Christ we hear this
over and done with your batty man eat
the noodles log on you want to try some
hot noodles but you're about to see him
cry oh he's just gone all-in expensive
more the build-up to that they taste
really good but this guy here keeps
crying sure this guy's just overreacting
trying okay he's whippin he's actually
he's already crying again
do you like hot food they actually taste
so good I know they do get what are they
yeah
oh it's burning a little bit but they're
so tasty whereas this guy his knees
aquiver just about shut you up bro
Jones you actually have to apologize you
just you just called him out for not
yeah but I mean Logan's like just
praying there's red cups in their mouth
why are you not looking at me yeah man
shouldn't wear the seconds house is a
bad idea
now what Simon this guy is a beast what
when he takes a breath hugging it
breathe breathe yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
chicken yeah boy two times Weston
offense one precise my legs are really
like her mobile you know man I don't
feel good hope I don't have to go to
spin sting sting I'm screwed right now
you're gonna shit things it's gonna go
down so get your check though like you
fucking need you don't you done a lot of
my blackness kicked in now call me the
pepper man
we walked in on us nudists he's like I'm
hungry we're great friends so I wanted
to give you these so the big question is
okay so as you guys know the fight is
happening in like a day or two I don't
win this blow is going out but we do
have people staying with us so of us
have showed you the loveliness here we
also have this little bitch
I hate so much we have Mike over we also
have Jesse do be arriving tomorrow as
well
whenever they arrive but yeah you are
Michael you apparently you're identical
twins you're identical that's like
saying oh this looks like JJ apparently
where's your ID what is the G oh no I
don't a DoD you haven't said what a Geo
is all I know right now is that you're
trying to lead me out of the house you
trying to leave because it's dark
outside run lead me into the dark
at the end of the road yes this could be
the biggest anticlimactic could be the
most ever can you imagine if you are we
open in it's just like a USB with crypto
on
boys haha 21 meters 1817 oh it's in it's
in here so this game or like tells you
to go look at random things like this
tree says isn't a tree stump right you
do have to worry about snake it's a
branch you sure it's not like further in
you also don't know what it looks like
so it could literally just be a rapper
so it must be there it must be in this
little bit this is a bad time to wear
shorts I'm wearing shorts but there's
like Holly everywhere maybe it's this
coke can
are you sure maybe the coke can is it
this is such an anti-climax really get
this bottle no no I good it's very
obvious true stated look oh my good good
show me that show me though all right
look sorry this is the case okay I said
I put it up and I'll be fucking golden
here there's any something in here
so harrybo rapper right now this is
definitely the case because this is is
SGO a fucking ripping this up oh shit
right so you been to write your team on
here we didn't bring a pen we don't even
have a team maybe this is the next like
a prelude to team nice okay well what
was in there if you gotta bring it
cashless things in there like charge
there's usually things in there ruler -
so there was literally nothing in there
shut up there was there was this shit
okay I'll tell you that crazy okay
what's going on you want to go do more
yes Simon please what if everyone in the
comments wants us to go do more it's
like real-life Pokemon go you never know
where it's gonna take you what you're
gonna find what's gonna happen next
okay well we'll go find more if everyone
leaves alike stop all right we go no
let's go home that's good Oh
