yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to another draft today the top comment
on the last one of how I should do my
next drafts was get Josh to be
blindfolded and pick a random number
between 1 and 5 now I'm going to be
doing that that's to test whether you
better than this better than theory I'm
not allowed to say Alexa because that
happens so I want you guys to let me
know down below in the comments what
draft I should do next
please try and make it something that I
can do on my own because otherwise it
takes ages to try and get these done but
yeah without further ado enter my guest
and enter my enter my guest
i'ma go get him alright we got Josh so
uh yeah in number 4 ok so we have to use
the formation for 3 1 2 way to do a
whole time yeah Thank You Josh let's
striker
yeah poor me I'm just so good by you
actually purchase right striker hi we
can raise out breathe ok sorry are you
actually banging this we do better okay
so you want to just walk down yeah yeah
there's a cam what is the radical by the
silence silence alright number 5 1 2 3 4
to number 2
there again free are you serious
number 5 ah faster not good you know
right okay 1 anyway that's 4 oh that's
good ok so number 2 all right
I trust her okay go keep it on 5 of it
obvious 5 fingers Satan shit you know
Rizzo it's about you wanna go reserve to
number 2 we can add really an r2 number
to turn it 180 fires going on through to
time you think by 200k a 1
oh no that's good there's the only
chance we have to get back okey but yeah
1 ok that's gonna before me 1 2 3
Oh family number 2 this could be a guide
to you typically end up the shot ok
it was came out number one in there all
good let us go for both part number four
for both games I'm playing games do you
guys run pitchers great player he's not
in space for you I lost the thing you
have to do for that manager ah yes I'll
do it you have to do that number two
every year to do some of your you're
hoping is a good looking that you have
to do as here Garrett are no they've got
Gandhi Anna look at him little I mean
usually social I usually play we're now
doing up no but it's plus two and then I
saw max very away instant playing him
for Messi swap those two over and bring
on the goalkeeper and you could win the
girl and I'm gonna win the drop
confidence thank you all right all right
looks like we got our tactics of place
let's go into a game let's see what we
got bring it on B I might be out of
first round
see this is one fed straight away make
this up Ronaldo or cam and then why can
we do that why can't we me not and then
Ronaldo on to him whoa that made me
scared for a second and then Delaney off
for Messi
boom that's not even a look at that
alright now all we have to do is kick
the ball off there we go here we go
plunder back oh no oh no no no yes let's
go come on visible come on and smash
across
boom one nil to get in with his club ah
Ronaldo boom oh that went in no no no
that actually went in like on a real
that genuinely went in Ranaut Oh Jesse
so powerful as a goalkeeper I don't know
if this is like a genuine glitch or not
like if this always happens or whether
this is just like a one-off I'm not
lying guys Ronaldo actually puts me off
a little bit because I hello what the LA
I make three nil games down
Thank You Ronaldo and gold he's actually
gone it's actually we've just made a guy
quit with a physical keeper allowed oh
this is amazing
we've won our first game three-nil made
him quit I need to get drink all right
let's go game to game through we go same
again we just get renowned who has the
gold keep it in messes with their mind
let's need to sit oh why does everyone
get so many team two seasons and too
many years and what they're all seem to
season something and inform kind of
mustache cards luckily any Esther
doesn't have any cab so that's our one
hope all right luckily I'm startled
bought with the ball hopefully this
works I don't know if it was like a
one-off glitch so Ronaldo comas Lera
Ronaldo for de Guzman Bruno outs are
there to lay me off the Messi and our
team is complete again I let's go let's
get straight into the game I hate when
my team just can't pass so no reason my
team just lacks the ability to part has
the ball even put off the ball hasn't
even gone awesome or what he was caught
off yeah yeah he's got our kid on you've
got the kid this guy won't know what hit
him it's got a black kit though I kind
of liked it in green but I don't know
why I turned out oh why am I not just
shooting it's a 97 rated Ronaldo just
learn to shoot Simon oh my god what a
ball alright we back and we still got
our another little glitch on but you're
right I don't know what no we turned me
yeah there's gold because we can get
back into this right here we go
Ivanovich back post running in but how
will you given this that your boons in
will no blood back to Ronaldo yep on sit
down and then toss forward and then give
it a pass straight up into halftime how
am I losing this game I don't know what
to do right that should help and he's
just brought on a run out a team at a
season Ronaldo as well Messi you need to
tackle Messi that's not a sentence that
should make sense Coronado go on mate
you know what your ninety seven races
Ronaldo just a shot quicker man Benzema
please
okay go oh you can't stop that power I
actually need to like I need to win this
to prove that josh is better than theory
because if I lose this you draw me the
lexer think it
that's awful that's awful what's wrong
with me I don't know who you are
dum-dum finesse I'll take a corner I
think a corner bro let me get near
poster there and boom Oh see that's the
kind of stuff I don't get how it always
goes in against me Oh
oh no do not give away a pen no no no go
down I calmly I know non and I've
already fluffed it we're already we're
already two down now
great oh we're not now we are oh no no
oh now it's over
no get back yeah and that's a goal
that's it that's a great a good finish I
didn't even bring the hiepro yeah look
now iconic
I can wipe that how am I missing all of
these chances knows that my Benzema got
man-of-the-match there's a lottery now
when I made him quit and we get nothing
sure yeah pack 1 silver pack I'm not
happy Felicity knows and the final pack
78 raids and I said let me know what
kind of jobs wanted to do in the
comments down below there you go for
watching and be
now we thought
