this is it
the hunting we will go potential finale
now I have been putting this episode off
because I know that I have to win and
draw my last two games if I don't then I
have to do this whole season again and I
don't think I'm ever going to get
another chance like this two games four
points I've even set up these like look
at my room my room these lights are
shining in my eyes so I may turn them
off to the game so without further ado
let's do this top comment was to save
for team of the season to hail and also
that I forgot pipes I don't know how
many packs I was meant to open but let's
just open a few well open three of these
okay we didn't get a walkout we get no
one but this is good these are coins for
team of the season two here we get
Zabaleta pack number two
oh we get an in-form okay oh look a
Cooper Man United's I mean he's not
going to be able to play on the team for
a me cell that's the final one as
pillock Wow okay a team of season two
here is like 379 K oh my god boys I'm
not getting him anytime soon we can only
sell ours for like 50 K so we're 200 K
we still need like another 150 okay so
regardless of what happens today I am
proud of the team I'm proud of you guys
for making this team and even if we do
finish there will be more episodes we've
got an online draft we can do got four
attempts of that we've got the foot
chance that I might do at some point so
you know it's not the end of hunting we
will go it is just the end of the
seasons if we win I'm not holding my
breath for it I have some more lungs so
like you know I can even get through the
menus oh I'm actually so nervous is rod
mad why am i nervous rueful and the
first team we come up against is ivory
to either foot champs plural oh oh why
can't I just have two easy games I win
there's no there's no backing out now
oh my god oh my god oh my god I'm one
kneel down to this Sun sir please please
oh god what the goal again we're back
we're back Hunter hunter per second
almost got to everyone doubted hunter
and now look at him he's beautiful he's
majestic and his next goal how did that
go in couldn't a freaking red card
something's not right here I don't know
what it is something doesn't feel right
like I feel like I've done something
wrong I turn out I'm crying a player
wise I think guess what in there what
right do you see how much time he just
had yeah yeah yeah yeah
and boom yeah it does there again
Pleasantville - gold stop him from
kickoff stop him from kickoff every
freakin time and he's got another chance
penny we all know he's turning in and he
just changed that do you see that do you
see that tape player waiting player I
would have tackled him and it just chain
all my god I've been putting this off
for so long because I've been terrified
of the result and now I come up against
this guy and I'm losing I don't know
what to do I guess we just have to go
for it yeah he's already he's already
through he's already he's already
through and he what the fuck is my team
please please it's not it's not much
happened did you see that did you see
and Baldy his Baldy yeah come in commit
oh my god
- hey are you were right me go on and on
so you always shot forward and now it's
worth it it was it wasn't worth it
please can I just get the ball off him
again oh when he's actually doing things
now yeah yeah yeah is this is that Pogba
oh yeah just land straight okay luckily
he missed but we have 12 minutes it's
over guys it's over I've got some of the
most emotional music in my head and what
in my ears right now alright why him out
of everyone I could have played someone
so bad instead and those on the keep oh
yeah no no ill and the street removers
would happen the first game even if I've
got a draw I would a bit it would've
been all into the last game but no we
hold our position in Division one we do
get to open some packs because of it I
don't know how many we get to open but I
don't know guys
I knew I wasn't playing well thing I get
four packs with the hundred dollars each
one's worth two in Division one or Pat
it's a bigger player well exactly
we're more folding opposition in the
league we get an informed some guy I've
never heard of you play before but
apparently the final pack we're going to
open for now then we guess we play one
more game I'm actually so upset I need I
need to snap out of this I need to snap
out of it but positivity salmon come on
we can win this game you know we can
parse elves on a good track for Division
one again I don't think I'm going to do
the weekend league this weekend guys
going off on the Friday and I already
have my video scheduled for the Saturday
and Sunday which need to go out soon so
I am going to say that the next time we
finish the division I will try and do
the weekend leave okay how about that
let's just go back into Division one
well as game of division one again I
played it this time is the night every
other time and it's always been fine I
mean I've got to this position I was in
let's go ah when I'm already no I'm not
I'm not some of what is wrong with you
right now parse it about parse it about
Simon puff it quick
really you passed it there I am NOT
playing smart football at all
I'm not playing smart football son pause
it pause it all right turnout turnout Oh
beautiful flame on no we read it he read
it well he read that so whoa Alexis
Sanchez just bring it I'll take a corner
I think I have to score along Long
Ranger a long now Ranger like the the
goal I stood last that's the only
chanting when we get to the whole of
Division one again go on play through
Suzu all right turn it yeah nice no not
so nice go you're not no sure how's that
fast it's not my day today guys it's
really not my day
yeah but he just gets through there he
gets through there too he gets through
to attack the keeper come on a things
I'm going to tell back ain't turned it
back I'm digging it into the keeper
straight to the goal keeper time and
that's halftime that's just that's just
trying to stick in it it's a terrible
game for some reason I've got a blue
cursor and blaming it on that oh and
there's ago there's okay no no he's just
the plazas aren't going where I want
them to today okay Hunter hunter fine
good choice quite as gold you know the
kickoff glitch Hey look let you see
these tackles and for some reason I'm
still passing it out of the area I don't
know why I'm doing that he knows I'm
going to talk about pasta edge take such
and Punk boom pop boom ha ha what's that
pasta sick touch and bang you're
electing Sanchez you can score that you
couldn't like you have a right to score
that no no no dream is so enjoying thing
the gamers turn to shit I don't know
what happened to it something's changed
about this game and here's this chart
yep odd will just stop do you do you see
what would you stop like what
games like what the actual fuck is this
game or my David you serious you serious
easy we've lost we just we just lost
we're not that game we've got
man-of-the-match cool that's that's
fantastic hunt or gold called a
fantastic we lost off okay you can only
lose to we've sold him for 22 K I don't
know what happened I don't know what
happened so that you know we became
terrible it's just five packs of these
five packs left of these pussies special
tax highly doubting that they are
special packs I can only afford two more
so I'm just going to do those two I
don't think I deserve any more we're not
opening any more of those I don't want
any more I don't deserve any more one of
the worst times I've ever had in my life
I thought it was going to be I thought
these like I have tight cannon I have
important of champagne over that I was
ready I was all ready to win if we sell
all of them we have like 50 K plus the
50 K we can almost afford to he'll let
me know what you guys want me to do like
whether you want me to buy that to hear
or not but that's all for today thank
you guys for watching and I will be
posting this more regularly now that I
know I need to continue it thank us
fortune and peace kitty come I hate
y'all like come to the tally hit me on
the phone you could run to the tally
just walk Jen why are you looking there
meet up girl you to Blanche will be late
like free doll
I got my jacket for you with you attack
off track hope I get until I can tear
power first time I've seen a makes you
wave like a black
