happy birthday but you guys know what
the video is a happy birthday bit
compilation is me and big best moment I
just don't say have a great day big
you're asleep right now when I'm
recording this but by the time the video
goes up hopefully you'll be awake too it
will be like 670 uh but yeah if everyone
can do the status thing go to evict
Kappa birthday only the link is put it
in the description below leave a little
nice message there as well saying happy
birthday plus a little nice message
probably have a great day Vic and I hope
you guys enjoy the video please reenact
the death scene from The Lion King with
Vic
long as the king bitch
why is this I'm selling day that you
have to like you have you know so I have
to shut up get shot full of all right
won't the king
fuck Simba now Vic we have had four
competitors on here in the past ASI is
leading with 13 basically spends all day
reading porn comments that we've been
doing but pretty much what we all agree
windows clean white baton and their
family kind of twiki turn a bit into my
mini custom Amira my baby cuz I know you
see me trying to fit into my painting
custom I mean come on be nice take so
long it's a good job that I'm skinny
you're cruisin for a bruisin bad bad bad
bad let me know again you're cruisin for
a bruisin I mean I think I know what it
is sure
laughing you're right you have to be
you're a cruisin for a bruisin it
changes I feel like I really started
hard cuz he imagined let people yeah
everything's like to the tone of the
point a very cruisin for a bruisin I put
a whole band agilities I like the new
camera angle oh come on I'm going
YouTube video are you sure again back to
that it was the last one of these videos
you are correct yeah because I would lie
unless like their subscribing to a porn
channel like oh yeah watching videos
last week so you got you can try it
seems like an over you see thing okay it
give up something ridiculous now that's
going on
yeah give it something ridiculously
higher oh my god that's where 27,000
people go to Coachella you tell me they
ready activist they just when they're
just buying tickets okay what we got up
of the average human eight is out next
week if it's not I will get a tattoo of
JJ's place I listen to wrist sounds last
week if it's not going on illuminate is
out next week if it's not I will get a
tattoo of JJ's face do listen to a sound
love to it if not I'm gonna kick you in
the face
what is that look it's got like red bits
me it's like a granola bar that has like
dead things inside it look it's like
whoa that's what this is means until it
just sellotaped
it's a solid case around error in them
or anything
hold on as an idea wife in German T
Street there's blood everywhere open
your mouth be in fight okay - I'm some
pepper I wanna take a nap
I'm sorry that left hand nearly killed
me so I know I only is going Russian I
know I know it is Russian if I like it
the ship Schenker the only Chad but I
only gained already is about freedom is
really hard to achieve in spoilers I
don't like I can even do the action if
you said like just say words that I
would say like Iranian I don't know what
I can t say with Scalia I am sorry that
left hand is nearly Kimberly does sound
very similar to Russian but sits down it
into Nolan's Ovington they rather what
that's kind of Norton isms but like at
the Persian hypothermia Manian the
clothing there is degree Iraq clothes
but in what's my cast on Arabian I'm a
carpenter like how do you even what kind
of clue let's keep going with that
keep going on mobile eventually you're
in Africa to that spot Africa Middle
East Indian Turkish no media no gunfire
back loop inland I don't know it's a
joke so I'm just saying yeah yeah the
static on various as well yeah hey yeah
yeah your name Wi-Fi but I'm really
feeling a connection
long jokes you're into that shit hahaha
I love that sweet taste of India fuck
sake and gone porn again you're going
forward yeah you are correct that is
both often well I'm just glad that means
it's not related to me and whatever
committee focus you have five seconds to
name three types of cheese coming back
mozzarella you're such a serial the
problem is you said your spatulas going
sinking cheese before you guys without a
little I was already thinking cheese
okay so I'm just heading out what Mikey
I stand up to the mood yes got
everything you need
yeah okay right not quite ah yeah yeah
yeah oh yeah I'm okay not tranquil yeah
yeah I guess I'll see you in a couple
weeks I'm good yeah I'll see you in a
couple weeks right yeah get me sad
new series wrote to diabetes I thought
it was going to be nice I smell it it
tastes like a no success to me again
semion jump
Jeremy oh is this bullshit having sex
with bondage and leather it's just not
my sort of endeavor you asked me to shag
with a whip and a gag I'd answer not now
and not ever anything come on having sex
with bondage and leather I don't know
anymore we're going to go to youtube
porn Jane you're going to fall I'm
walking here no one porn well done I'm
really kind of helper to giving extra
help
you have five seconds to name three sex
positions
yes very doggies go on ISM do it do it
welcome to visible brake job now go the
shell girl does everything up there
n-word slips whomever edited this video
need to quit the speed it bounces around
like a jumping jack
I'm going to go away beauty of going
with ugh you're going with you - yeah
you're going you're going yet your horn
it's really really dry so I dunno you
really trying to leave their charity big
rims on my car no distance i suposse
open up the trunk to find your mum but
patty-pan help run windows lead but they
are where everyone's on move it
now slide men or the pack
the other side man I'm just anyway oh oh
will the sidemen house ever get a pet
well we have JJ that Wow
that braces away no that's not racist if
I know you already correct it I didn't
know any races I'm not a racist Aries
the races what that's true but you're
not right so dude would you actually
think we'd ever get of had like a dog or
a cat can't see really working because I
whose would it be and like I guess we've
got dogs as well you might eat it no I
don't I don't do that I thought you're
the race no no not like that
no I'm just good people
yeah are you guys I guess it can I
hardly Beck
