Joe guzzles going on and welcome back to
another draft now after last time
when this plastered Alexa play ball no
no no that's your Josh I like to stop
turn sorry about that
anyway on the last time when this buzzer
gave me a terrible team I decided well I
see some of you guys in sided who make
me do the Serie drafter test who is
better
Siri or she who shall not be named I'm
not going to say the name anymore
because seriously I didn't even I didn't
even come on she's going to wear the
same is that I'm gonna ask Siri for a
random number between one and five
that's going to pick the formation the
players everything then I'm going to
play the droplet and hopefully will pick
a random number between one and five
that's how easy it is now we get our
captain I mean only really wants two of
these so pick a random number between
one and five no why is it two two in a
row
what Sobrato pick a random number
between one and five oh okay
pick around a number of zoom 105 oh we
get body we could I had in mind ZT
Raider hazard or a 91 agüero but we get
okay Barney's not actually bad three
okay we get to folks just in case you
didn't hear a tree says three that would
be why wait there's actually going Matt
this is actually going mad everyone's
gone mad everyone's gone mad pick a
random number between one and five to a
cot oh you know what none of them would
have said it's fun - okay is there - oh
how it is we could have got we could hop
Blin we could have got carry pick a
random number between one and five Oh
I mean he is Bundesliga but we had a
table of seasoned Hummels and informed
company these are worth one out all of
about twenty two oh no that's going down
the for its poor boy oh no this
is it's all gone downhill guys we have
five one two three four oh you melon
Theory pick a random number between one
and five oh no John Terry familiar
already I just had the Chelsea one take
around a number between one and five I
mean I would have preferred a three
choose a random number between one and
five what is that
why are we getting given all these
because I had Townsend he would have fit
in geometry the office for one two three
four caress it is going truly awful ones
we get we getting on it an informal okay
who I don't really know who I want here
pick a random number between one and
five them Fonzie I realized others we
would summer think that's all I can do
right now I mean I've got a because I'll
were playing there I mean we can
straightaway swap him and bender and
then our team is good but I can't do it
now to see because we get a lot of
chemistry though pick a random number
between one and five okay three why are
you trying to me over we were
talking about you not me stupid smug
bastard I'll pretend I didn't hear that
beyond three the office one I mean
they're all pretty useless it doesn't
really matter anyway but Maxim of it
chicken number between one five before
it's column it's not actually got up
it's gonna choose a random number
between one and five the answer is Oh
Salah okay we get the gate give me a
three or one give me a random number
between one and five why can we save
this alright so what I'm feeling on this
right is that we're gonna have to
straight away put bender into Center
back and then we might bring Felipe Luiz
on Fukuzawa have him as left back and
then I think our team is good yeah now
is this you just the manager choose a
random number between one and five you
know what it gave me to the graph to oh
let's go sometimes if I do this Siri
play
series a lot better because this Alexa
play oh okay okay
series play
like they're fighting for my love or
something alright let's go into the drop
finally found someon the cush army for
20 okay sure I mean never there's more
red lines than my team less chemistry
back kind of worries me I we get a
little get a little touch of the ball
here a little touch the way I'm playing
is playing him in and then well just
testing the waters I let's make the
change now make the check we do this
quick we go
end up into the middle because I'll
watch you come off I'm sorry I'm sorry
bro Filipe luís and then our team is
sorted now we will win huh okay I was
mocking him I knew what I was doing
oh-ho-ho I told you for this boom one
new I told you guys I was just messing
about I know I'm doing and then turn out
ah what is that steam where's my team
all right no no no no no no no no no no
yeah you messed it up buddy
boom free-kick but I went in okay I was
trying to taking it a little I'm gonna
go okay don't worry oh no this is a bad
defensive display and there's ago Oh
keep up do you want you could keep up
time it down we've only been dating for
and 41 minutes take it aside that's what
I could have tried and shot I'm score
it's very unrealistic but you know I
have to believe 61 percent possession
that's all I'm looking at I think I've
ever cared about position before so
gonna play
oh oh oh why didn't I pass it one more
going what boom
oh I deserve a goal I deserve to go oh
pumpin I deserve a goal with nice play
this is my little tactic I like to do I
just aim there and then I just shoot and
then someone runs in no wonder that's a
dangerous bull popped it back plus it
forward turn out that way pass it in
take touch oh how is he getting away
with this stuff oh no no no this is what
I'm talking about yeah and stay back now
come out now come out and yeah oh we
missed that you are scoring today there
you go we're going to get
going again as that how's that for a
goal nice go good teamwork honestly
honestly honestly honestly honestly I
don't know why I'm sounding like
chipmunk but bang what a goal I don't
really care about getting goals cuz
they're not worth any coins because I'm
not doing like a series on this Thanks
okay go I think you just went against
everything I just said but I don't care
why not just kick the ball and end the
game if you kick the ball the end of the
game will end but all you have to do is
kick the ball there we go thank you
finally round two let's go class ad is
that like you're saying you're a cloth a
D and be standing for dick please don't
be boy Wow now I have a real challenge
you have at 190 all I'm saying Siri is
if you beat this game or if I win this
game you are better than Alexa don't
don't let up okay good he's calm he's
he's very calm on the ball I need to get
a left back on I've got it I didn't a
wide pause here because it's a very bad
scenario to pause send it to there we
bring on the leap hey Louise it'll work
nope straight away straight away horse
okay well I mean I hadn't made the sub
by then we can still do this come on
hold off put them off you know what
Jamie Vardy Jamie Vardy how's that not
far then who's this mickey mickey Oh
Mickey you're so fine you're so fine you
blow my mat hey Nicky God this Red Bull
stronger this straight back on it and
eat it folks hit the place okay it'll
grow for us I'll take a corn up know
what Jamie Vardy Vanessa mate the next
into the top corner Jamie flabby body
right to folk part of the back turnout
lay back paw support for oh please mmm
I'm getting too technical now and then
of course he goes too messy he goes too
messy and I've tackled him I've talked
with him once twice if you've got pen
there that were just been the icing on
the cake banged it cross okay okay okay
no I'll cross myself as lucky thank you
thank you for blowing the whistle
finally we get hard time or winning 2-1
I'm having to rely on some incredible
finishing though like Mickey's
understand a finish for these bloody
hell run Son run run and this isn't my
you know metaphorical son this is actual
son they go please onside Defoe bull
offside for fuck's sake why am i passing
that wow wow wow the bounce is there the
bounce is to get them oh my god
yeah gone yeah we all knew that all new
you're turning
let's go let's go let's go I see you in
there I know your little Defoe but you
have a big leap Bobby does a big leap 3
to 20 minutes left come on oh I'd be
pissed if I was him he just let header
in from Defoe belly pain Louie's running
running around the hall you know what
we're going ok we'll take a corner as I
said corners are fine so we can just
whip a ball into there and then okay we
actually we actually went ahead at that
time well no oh no mom no some
questionable play from him I'd take it
such Oh
we've won it for so I think we've won it
we only got 5 minutes there Jamie bloody
Bobby he's done it again you know what
big - oh we went for the pen whoever the
pen didn't work but he didn't get goal
either Oh
or did he be back yeah why the hell with
one we're into the third round do have
been beaten theory I love you why don't
you love me respect why don't you love
me theory why not things and you say why
but I dream things that never were and I
say why not
you're a loser I don't want you shut up
where you got me do I have a deli alley
in there that you don't even have a deli
a lady's got a now dough is that ok
Messi Ronaldo Neymar Ramos moderates
Louise okay please can I just win I
never normally get far in this draft so
it'd be nice for the video sake this
guy's decent this guy's guy's DS like
what's that where's that I keep the gang
I haven't made this up I was wondering
on last game remember take such turn out
hot would why there why is that gone
there huh yet no he just goes to the Sun
as a ghost
no he's dummies mug me off he's
absolutely mugged me on from rebug who
goes through Charlotte like loser Pedro
for Oh God dang why does this keep
happening please please please please
he's like switching he's like switching
or something because how lucky is that
that there's just a little bit of lag
just as I miss so now claiming Clement
and boom - missus in like one minute
okay hard time with - no down it's
definitely not me - no I don't know
on a play let's play let's play bro boy
here we go here we
baladi go again no not again not another
not Stratego get in there we go please
please leave me rest no no no way no
bloody way no way am I actually losing
this to Neil still we're going to attack
it come on I need a goal right now
positive foot plus of that big gap plane
through um boom there's one there's one
okay we're back we're back and they have
messed up go on climb in please please
oh we're it to a good for a win here
which I go down attacking but I just say
no he's through he's through and it's a
goal
yep yep yeah yeah okay we're good all
that attack again
Oh when Robin Lee dabbing on me to what
bring on and zombie Salim 8 I'm sorry
you can go off cost there you can go on
there please you just come on you just
come on Bridget yep
just three all you just came on costing
you've already done that
not like this not okay we're going into
X time all right mad mad mad I don't
feel like I deserve to be losing so you
know it's fair enough to go into extra
time I don't know what to do team I
don't know how to play this one no no no
ref ref ref thank you thank you thank
you thank you thank ho good effort I
don't know who that was is there there's
the goal that angle shouldn't work what
the are you doing why are you not
going for the ball shouldn't be losing I
shouldn't be losing this was ridiculous
party oh my god he saw me I'll take it
 it everything I'll take the
penalty and he's gonna it was gonna
score regardless if I didn't tag okay
he's off ran out oh you're right mate
okay he opened it buddy so you guys nope
okay stabbing again at least I can take
one thing away from this this guy's -
come on Kate what if there's
this game this game's done this game's
done the scale is so dumb you didn't see
it yes you did better than Alexa you
think I'm happy no ain't happy give me
my bags
look oh wow I hope I get something good
an 81 rated Oh didn't even get that look
at that 75 rated player there that's all
day if you want me to do any other
drafts let me know in the comments down
below whatever is the top voted comment
will be the one I'm most likely doing
less it's not usable or I just don't
like it but yeah that's all for today so
thank you guys for watching Thank You
Siri for helping me and yes
