okay you're probably wondering why we're
already wet I'm here with my okay dang
matte lip what's up everybody
ahead la oh we've already filmed a video
on his channel which is in the
description below so make sure you check
that out but today we're going to be
toasting each other on slang words from
our own country so I'm going to be using
five English slang words he's amusing
five American slang word get it wrong
you can't pushed in the pool thank you
that is the 4.0 he's also behind the
camera so make sure you check out both
channel and subscribe one over there as
you are lakenya yeah yeah yeah the two
of you can testify you know what you're
going to get Tesla Turk okay I got this
on some good ol American American slut
way a good old number one what is branch
blank um Roche Iran ranch ranch would
you like to use it okay I just want to
dabble range that's the that's like the
source like ranch dressing right is that
calling that is what I love I don't
wanna owe me Ronnie Ronnie with a
Deborah
already got some designer Panthers
diamond like guys you want them like
ranch
if I want in the thought I just want to
really really look at a branch and want
a little bit of diamond my favorites
will not water down
it means diamonds I want some diamonds
on my watch
what is played could you use it in the
census because one day you will get
played here we get you'll get big and
elaborate sticking you yeah okay yeah
yeah you suck your hole will get split
yeah I brought around I'll take that
what is the item oh no this one you know
what is the item what is the original
but you don't want to know the origin of
the word is black this is what I think
it is this
let's say it you saying is that like a
shortened for the actual was just saying
it yeah yeah and not pretend not the
itis is like a food coma I you said I
was yeah I'll see you
Isis oh the whole word you can I I heard
N word oh I know that's where it comes
from nigga right oh yeah well if I could
take it back what and walk a home and
you got that one I'm gonna just go with
a gun
really Simon now you said it now knew
that quietly hope right now that you
will do none of the English III hope I
can get some being yes what is just my
way what you're pushing in push your in
what in the pool all right what are you
right clean and tough like you're that
good yeah you're like a yeah you're
intense sound you got yeah okay yeah
yeah you're here not even ready no okay
yes all right
ping ping ping ping let's go into a hang
team isn't like hey I'm gonna hit
somebody up like I'm paying I'm a paying
them time is Julie I'm a Bingham I'm a
peg I'm yeah yes yes please go look at
that ting ting ha ha ha the other night
I had a ping ping yeah like a bunch of
drinks yeah drink yeah go ahead
what's a drink yeah yeah
wait you can't swim
Oh like look at that hot girl is um
that's why one oh crap crap present yo
subby
no crystal safe BAM Oh Oh is it ball
like ball like your balls look like I
don't know but I don't wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait I can jump it
because I don't know why do you think I
would say it's bull to say because I
don't glass PD puppy went out and got
some new crepin new gear like you got
some new attire you got some shoes you
got some issues yeah yeah also nerve now
we have sting okay may you use it in a
joke knock knock you there me open up
before open escape
oh yeah what it's like a weapon I'm
debating tonight gun on that gun yeah
God told me it's not it's not
yeah but nice try boy number four why do
you have all these words that rise
no no birthday open up was what you oppa
today open up spar drop of the Lang
think carefully about that's what I'm
saying dang I think over thinking it's
going to get me screwed oh you know it
is laying a weapon is it alike what kind
of book okay all right little weapon I'm
gonna say like just like a bat like a
Lang like so or like a it's one of these
things it's a gun yeah the final of pink
Pete people weeks we use Pete - what is
it the thing don't you go Pete you know
it's go reach oh yeah that's a normal
definition yeah they use the word and a
salt rod that's peak comes right here on
static a week you get hasta and again
that rock that peak like that's dope
that's lit play you don't think it's
thing by the words more carefully you
get hot that again man that's something
that's bad that's up like that sounds
like thank you you're not doing it like
I'm doing it I'll give it generous very
generous push your man black people can
swim yes we can just not in the ocean
though yeah that's another story man
right so hopefully you guys have enjoyed
this video out in that anklet
as I said we have done a video over a
map chance to make sure each other on
the description it is a jump video
subscribe as well check out Kobe's last
everywhere know you don't like my
channel so channel players neither the
checks over today thanks for watching
and peace commando
get down with the house and fall I know
man now go to Houston clock company
local bunker self-cultivation oh that
was sick I have a great time
