your God what's going on and guess what
has just come out no it's not uploading
it although they are still out you can
check them out if the PES 2009 line beta
on the bait obviously that's not the
whole game there is a quick match but we
are going to be doing that today there
is online co-op meaning we get put with
a random person and know what this
person will decide the fate of this pond
it's obviously not for that long because
I don't trust people that much and this
extremely amazing bags from sideburn
clothing we have a range of deodorant
oh I just got back from other we have
orange hair done white hair dyed green
hair dye and lastly black hair done now
these are permanent before you see my
next video and I don't have the same
hair that I end up with so for every
goal I concede I will be putting my hand
into here drawing out a random one and
doing one strip down my heads down the
top I'll have to just stop i guess when
my head is full and yes i will be
putting the colors back in so I could
end up with just one color which would
be alright I guess but thanks to Pez you
should check out in the description I
will be dyeing my hair again for today
anyway okay online co-op let's see okay
so there's a clan match which I assume
means that yeah okay so I'd have clan
members but no this is the beta so we're
going for a casual match when I say coop
I don't mean to be do I mean 3v3 this
looks fair level one's the level two
three and five no way I can actually
change this as what okay sorry hey
Lucille coming up I guess that's all
team now screw it's like senior alright
let's go a bit of Mozilla versus from I
realized that like I've realized how
much I hate it I like it like now give
it like five minutes and I'm gonna hate
it I'm the one with the blue above his
head let's go come away no no okay one
of them guys doesn't know how to play
okay we now have a computer member one
of our teammates just quit team football
oh oh my god wait give me give me some
celebration oh yeah Vlad baby sad it's
at OPM my other team a just disconnected
it's maybe three ok shoot shoot shoot my
jeez my computer jeez all the fancies
but what
sit Oh name up plastic name oh I don't
think I'm going to concede ah easy
second half I'm going to through
I'm through playing more MORE come on
that's beautiful that I'm not losing I'm
not gonna let Golan that's the thing
like this is the issue I'm too good I'm
bad not to you early ball early ball you
bitch you just missed the entire goal
let's go baby you look go you know what
you know what I know how to I don't know
how's the back I didn't mean to all my
days what a pass
yeah I'll take it I'll take it what's a
ball was a ball posit bro
finish that finish I don't know it's a
go well it's game I play five Neal I
play against bet people high level two
let's go again yo yo yo yo he has a
picture we're about to lose okay I pink
this time not one of the colors I can
dye my hair we have we have a guy not
play that's it
why are you not playing can we please
kick him from the game somehow we're
white flour white but that was an
incredible part that was an absolutely
phenomenal part he's absolutely motor to
look he mows just how has happened the
fight how was he not of sight and why
did I blare run into him it's time to
the extremely attractive bag as you can
see they're all in there okay you can
see they're all in there mix it up and
call first strip is black okay I kind of
like that I might get an actual black
strip in my hair there you go Sunday you
go straight back on it
boom that's how you do it i'ma go get
this big black of me and I probably look
really really dumb but I love you like
the black strip I'm just saying don't be
good at free kicks have you get a free
kick you serious you say would you like
that oh my god this is really quick okay
we get white okay that's not one really
make much of a difference so you can't
even see it you can't you can't even see
that it literally just looks the exact
same as that maybe a little bit whiter
but not exactly much halftime which -
one down I think I'll probably do one
big strip down here and then two more so
when I can see two more goals what am I
going to do this I know what I'm going
to do that I'm going to put banging ball
up
he just called it on gold I mean wow
refa really come on that disgust
Cinnabon runs in what no don't pass to
me there you idiot oh my god
bang I just hit my he's just come back
on the pitch he gets hit straight in the
face I team my team finish that please
thank you we're going to win a have two
strips in my hair I'll actually do them
off a bit because this wasn't really
working mm-hmm okay
game done next game final game we don't
it will open c3 in this game it's done
I'm only doing like Harvick I'm gonna go
do this more alright we Brazil again I'm
orange right come on team come on charge
up the field no we got a corner miss
somehow I just realized that this is
standing like a skunk or like a badger
like we fit together how did that just
oh my god number three this is the big
one the big down the middle we get green
down the middle back I got it in my back
boys don't worry I got you I got you
baby
oh oh my you did a rabona cross closing
closing - closing down nice keeps Wow
okay know what next one it's bring again
you know what that if that's not funny
we don't want the same ones like we have
white we're going to go backwards again
I need the bull to go off please oh my
god no I can't have - I was ugly - I've
got the suit the next one is oh my god
it's Orion I look like an Irish flag
look at me
I really didn't think I was going to let
in three goals at any point today after
the last two games I thought I was sick
I've done as much as I can on my head
how do I do more what up are you alright
are you I don't know - I don't know I
don't know what side in my head I guess
I'm gonna go - you're near you gotta
breathe let's go let's go team playing
in ma'am thank you
that has to be gold you have to finish
that you're who I thought I was thank
you I thought I was awful you're awful
I've got green black white green white
orange okay no I'm great heart look at
me look great heart okay we have another
chance I don't know what to do with it I
played it back post I played in
Wow okay come on please please no what
bang that's a pen so the plan needs powd
me okay hmm I even know what I'm doing
here as long as it's not what color is
this side orange if it's not orange in
black we'll just do this side yeah
that'll do seriously what am I doing
with my head right now I kind of like
the black strip I kind of like it
oh no I can't no I can't be bothered I
can't be bothered to do another one good
I'm happy that this is their last attack
ends off free and in the game thank you
I look ridiculous
I really enjoyed this game but like
genuinely I want to play more but I
don't enjoy this and it makes your hair
go hard as well I'm gonna end it there
that's that's all for today guys thank
you guys for watching if you did enjoy
it make sure you leave a like if you
want to see more stuff like this keep
letting me know in the comments what
kind of stuff you want to see players
watching make sure you check out peasant
description below and see if this is
Michael Moore some adultery about
nominees I they were they in all time I
don't care about none inside alibi de
bleep am I gonna care Barnaby sorry
