all right we got into LA but before I go
actually I had to pack and I had to redo
my hair it's that is blue
everyone said it wasn't blue that is
blue yes 6:30 let's go to LA think
you've ever been first class before
accidentally walked into that once got
kicked out okay I just kicked the chair
this is Vic's favorite thing here how do
I turn it on all I'm saying is if I'm
ever gonna join the mile-high club this
is my chance come all the way to LA
still where's trackies Anna hoodie
you're right you know it's warm right we
found Toby naked how did you get inside
already
mani what where did you go what what why
are you some anime character what is
going on down there is Vikram but he
walked into his room with a bottle of
lotion and a magazine that had Theresa
May on the cover so I'm not going in
there this is the living room and the
pool where Manny almost drowned this is
our kitchen
as you can tell I've recorded this light
well after we actually got here this is
actually the day we're leaving kitchen
kitchen and Twinkie break
and we have to pay the good future and
then we go this way and this is my room
so much to see we have the great
outdoors where I have filmed my only
video while I was here apart from this
one no yeah and yeah this is this is our
house so yeah okay Manny just left my
swimming shorts out here so that
concludes the house tour as well
shopping and then a guess who we found
my favorite people in the world yeah
not you them you've been here for over
nearly 24 hours okay yeah yeah it makes
sense nearly 24 hours of 22 hours so
over that you've been over that are you
enjoying your time well seconds later
how are you enjoying it now again Simon
go somewhere you go oh let's get some
good leg come here come here
well I can stand to the like that's
waiver this bison ass wavy like real G
come one gum fingers and Salmons video
Manny I have something to tell you
oh my gosh celery
another that's just not Bella future is
about to lose its turnkey virginity can
you eat it in a way that won't get you
memed forever so don't
so maybe break a little bit off go on ty
dolla sign all right so I'm on my own
right now but Toby and Manny are at home
the other day basically Toby drove me
home after I got very very drunk of
Wireless so I'm gonna repay him right
now by getting something that he said he
wanted yesterday I even have your name
because of the wind I just sit fake its
fake Toby hey my friend I just wanted to
say thanks to saving me when I was drunk
I bought you a present have you know
Toby you know how much he loves minions
a night sure we've discovered that mani
is the worst person at word association
okay okay you ready time I realize the
next part doesn't really fit into this
blog basic now I went to Anaheim to see
a load of my friends their links are all
in the description below they're playing
a basketball game at sneak on in Anaheim
so this is basically just me it's Nico
no this vlog has made much sense anyways
this is the most right place to go to
the cash point and both cash points are
out of service then I found out they
don't even have one of them in my size
so yeah right now I've gone from 2 to 0
real quick last chance we may be in luck
this is our channel now
like 20 min to mom first let√≠s make so
we got TD we got cash
two years ago I moved to LA and before
that like I didn't know what I was gonna
do with my life and then moving out here
it means everything and they will
propose in her murder
now that this will be possible so he
does you could come
one
hi the age-old question can Simon dunk
they gave me a liar bye guys bye crap
but the last one I have didn't have
anymore
bye Toby you have a real name pity time
yeah bitches bad cam don't even know me
tell me am i talk like Odie and I only
fucking crazy girls to come home I can
Brody made her cum trace like OB damn
but that last clip you've just seen is
me Toby and Ethan guards of the
Charleston friendly that was yesterday
now we handed over the check to
Childline and the Charleston athletic
community trust managed to raise like
200,000 pounds so I just want to thank
you guys all again
I enjoyed the trip to LA hopefully you
guys enjoyed the blog from it and yeah
Bush prison
pirates Johnny Depp
