yo what's up and welcome back to another
Division one hunting we will go I told
you guys last episode that I am away
right now meaning there's no top comment
I have recorded this before that last
episode went out so I don't actually
know the top comment the next episode I
post will be after I get back so you
guys can let me near the top comment
what you want me to do today but the
last thing I said in that last episode
was that we were going to buy the
upgraded Sanchez now we have if you guys
look sold both of these informs and
Sanchez / 169 km/h Stryker since we sold
him so we need to buy the striker we
were aiming for a 90 rate but we can
afford a 91 rated so we'll put a max by
now of 490 there's a lot of 91 ok 379
hold up wait don't tell me that was
there's 91 rated for 380 K what am i
doing still not buying what a 90 rated
is like 294 380 odds a nation like 90 k1
pays to dribbling three shooting super
okay yeah I think it's worth it there it
is
we've just spent three hundred and
eighty k we've got 113 Calif look at him
what a beautiful card 91 rated Sanchez
think so hey I might need to be the next
player we need to get but he does cost
like 294 I saw look if he's like 290 so
we do need to sell a good player to get
him now this season started off like
incredible I want four out of four games
last episode not so great we lost Andrew
one which means we have to draw one and
win the other three to get the title but
right now it is the first season in
Division one so I'm kind of just focused
on staying in Division one one more
drawer and we're good if we draw today
and lose then the seasons already over
that Sanchez fits nicely into the team
hope it doesn't have a special card
disease he has an in-form 92 rated oh
these are expensive G what though 90
rate is 500 all getting a bug but let's
decide our fate all right we got a
classic harambe FC oh my god inform son
team in season Mar native goods the neck
no so good submits the one yet to win at
the tournament right we know he's won a
tournament so we know this guy's not
going to be bad oh here we go
don't tell me I saw a mic symbol a
second ago let's just go see friend
chill
wait that's poet and bhuj
That's not me I know I'll skip though I
think such yeah you didn't think I'd
actually got hello well I got a flexion
muffin oh okay don't really know how I
got to that position but well yeah we'll
take a gold sanchez on his debut that's
all we can ask for come on here we go
Alexis Sanchez the new boy the new oh
hello hello hello
Boateng you know how much I just paid
for this Sanchez stop talking really
gonna make me put my headset in on you
if he scores I'll put my saying that's
your reward your reward is might your
dump your toe oh no he really wants my
attention
he really oh he's done me he'd done it
kicks thank you what is that brilliant
that's what that is for um but no just
review I'm press boom just hunters gotta
go that's another two special packs we
pretty much did guarantee that we're
staying in Division one for another
season I want to know what this guy's
saying it better oh okay you don't need
to school I told you alright
halftime probably not I beg that he's
not just some noob that they'll has its
Xbox Kinect on and like there's no need
in me listening to him I swear
you don't talk this hard come on I'm
boom so good alright son son oh come on
Oh
worst goal ever I put my headphones in I
can't hit anything come on here we go
again here we go again
boom hold on run right here there you go
such as to the debut scene off his line
absolutely pathetic good such as bring
it why he's French is so bad oh no no no
no no no no no no come here come here
that was some sick defending I say it's
good play and then I do that and there's
he ain't saying shit I am putting my my
twice to lock them in Sanchez what a
drive you don't get that debut goal and
I just missed a call and he passed it
cross and okay now we might draw oh my
god
oh my god take a limb take a loan so you
go it's over it's over we've actually
kept our hopes alive because if we can
you have two ways to the draw we win the
league against man-of-the-match son
Sanchez and a nine rating we got two
goals that's two special pacts another
one from Hunter that's another two
so we get four special packs 16-point
this has been the best season I've had
right so for special places what we get
is one of them there's only seven on
here because obviously I'm open in the
same day as the last time but they're
not the best special pack and we're
getting fuck all hi we got one walk out
recently in his Danny Elvis
that's the worst one I mean I'm not even
looking at these realistically I'm with
130 quedas our last pack no war cow
patties which is terrible all right we
have a team could Versace Versace ahead
I mean like I'm lumen Adi what the hell
is this isn't the same girl I played
last time is it it looks very similar
like he's got the alonso the sanchez
it's not I don't think maybe he's not
coming at me he ain't coming at me okay
now we go laid off take a touch and boom
whoa Bogg booms almost worked
Madelyn POG boom was actually a button
if he's using Pogba well we need a win
or at least minimum a draw to keep our
hope alive finesse you have time finish
boom one day lady Sanchez oh my god why
is he caused it why are you pausing it
Moussa for a messy are you mad
a red messy yeah yeah yeah he just
dislike first touch and it's a shot
that's just ridiculous
oh dear this guy is good this guy he has
a wild day up Oh My gods all Mike I'm so
happy I have to hearing God he keeps
what do you think get up I just said how
happy I was with the hair and then he
does that oh my god oh my god I didn't
really think that was going to go inside
just stayed silent main is a hard time
we're not losing which means the hope is
still alive it's been an entertaining
game in terms of challenges and stuff I
don't honestly go division one it's like
The Walking Dead the more I get into it
the less I say anything I don't know
what to say oh my god but Dwight say
look I'm talking and I mess up come on
huzzah oh I shouldn't have passed it
that early should I run around me so I
thought that's what I thought
you ain't good night boy we need some
options hunter that's not an option that
was awful I have something in my eyes
hold him off one off hazard no like that
how does that touch work
Oh son son we're winning again when we
called hunter would be assist okay we're
going we're going older defensive again
ultra-deep honestly guys you have no
idea how much i'm
trying you have no rest rest we're
winning we're winning 4-2 okay just just
stop this one attack just stop this one
attack one attack am I good he's really
really it's over he quit the D quitting
he's not playing he's not playing he's
not playing come on you know what I'm
actually gonna try the bear basketball
ball go we get another pack he's sitting
there holding his controller go no I'm
not gonna play I'm too annoyed and then
they're man of the match that's one pack
that's the hunter go that's another two
zero and three Sanchez
that's another two that's five son gets
one Vertonghen gets one we're up to
seven and an assist for hunter that's
eight we get eight packs we need a win
in a drawer next episode if you are
watching this you're out there and you
watch this series I go up against you
it'll be in like a couple days after
this goes out I beg you let me win just
own goal it or play the game seriously
and then score some own goals that's all
for today as I said the top comment on
this one does actually matter so let me
know we've almost done it we probably
won't the effort is there the heart is
there thank us supposed to leave like
you're enjoying the series and
