Joker's will going on and welcome to
another draft I am here today with my
girlfriend Alexa Alexa say hi honey
there you go basically I'm going to be
doing the draft I'm only going to be
able to use the first 11 players that I
get although I will be able to choose
the rest of the players and bring them
on as a sub but not straightaway the way
I'm going to be doing it is by saying
Alexa picking random number between 1
and 5 your random number between 1 and 5
is 5 there you go we are allowed to
choose our formation that's between me
and the game not my girlfriend
let's go to 4 through 3 if that's inside
please please give me someone good ok we
want a 2 or 4 please Alexa pick a random
number between 1 and 5 no random number
between 1 and 5 is 1 Oh next one come on
Alexa pick a number between one and five
random number between 1 5 is 2 oh I'm
not that happy whether we missed out on
a messy but we got a Robin if there's a
time elected to give me a 1 or 5 give me
a random number between 1 and 5 your
random number between oh my god I like
to play this song
then that will be get it and Sesame
yeah I want to see you win ya wanna see
the race no ruin my mood they didn't
your people I don't even care Alexa
choose a number between 1 and 5 your
random number between 1 and 5 is fine
thanks Kurdish alright next one between
1 and 5 is 1 what who is that
he's not even in the Premiership Alexa
choose a number between 1 and 5 no a
number between 1 and 5 of 2 cycle Elly's
got can say oh my god your random number
between 1 and 5 is 4 we get Karl Walker
I'll take it I will take anything good
right now Alexa choose a number between
1 and 5 your random number between 1 and
5 is one long chose no random number
between 1 and 5 is fine it's in the BPL
I'll take it your random number between
1 and 5 it - I don't know what I wanted
but not that i'ma just do the whole
bench and just choose it based on that
because I feel like me making subs would
have been ridiculous so we're just going
to do all of them Humana number between
one inside history this is all full
either there before mine inside this one
one I mean they were all pretty awful
number between 1 and 5 is 1 ok you know
what I'll take it
actually that fucking works perfectly oh
wait we could do that and we get even
better our defensive sort it remember
the thing one decided things I mean that
wasn't gonna help it's always land in
between my inside is fine I'll take a
yacht or a collector choose a number
between 1 and 5 insider team only one of
the worst ones I could have gone up fake
know and remember the team won in cyber
crime but pardo my finest me oh I'm so
close if it wasn't to we would have been
so it's random number between mine
inside before the three or a five and we
were sorted you and remember the team
line inside assume why just give me
between one sided - I don't care it
doesn't fit the team its own oh man
we may be able to work something out
here Alexa we got pal a clue we're not
going Nagas will this tele and a draft
all right let me see what I can do to
this team guys this is about as good as
I can get we have hala bus playing as a
right winger but we can take him off
straightaway for him then we can bring
on a name art for this guy yang and then
if we want to we could bring on a Ramos
the davon Louise or bernucci I'd even be
tempted to do this like bring on Ramos
and sort him and Tory about and then I
can bring on I can just Oh actually I
can swap them two rounds bring on Neymar
I'm free on draw bettin and I'm done
okay we're done final thing to do Alexa
choose a number between one and five
your random number between mine
inferring this one looks like we're
going with imp I can hate you so that's
the team we go and let's try and win
some games I guess let's see what we're
going to face first game what we're
gonna face okay oh wow
Ranade okay cover okay the center is an
accurate well the center is the center
back so I'm that great that's all we're
gonna have to attack all right let's do
this let's go I'm doing this to my
girlfriend Alexa will you dump me if I
lose what do you mean you're not sure
it's either yes or no in it okay and
maybe I should make us up why not making
us up Neymar's on Robins on Gertz is on
what a team this is we can't turn out
toss it out wide come on Neymar finis Oh
Alexa cheer for me Alexa I don't know
honestly we're gonna break up if I'm
gonna I'm gonna use the coins that I win
and break up with her I'm gonna go buy a
new one i'ma buy it by the echos the
smaller one the slim version you're the
fat version Alexa I hope you know that
you're fat Alexa you are fat all right
finesse oh I could have scored that so
easy I don't know why I missed all right
this is what we do this is what we what
let up okay
go out what all turn in pop it in I
don't trust him I don't trust
oh nice oh oh oh no no no but it's game
I don't know what I'm doing this is what
we like we're already in well I say
we're already in I've really messed up
here so many players back every time Oh
you've got to the back of me mmm I have
to give it to him he somehow manages to
just get his foot in the way of
everything Kyle Kenny bang Oh
venomous strike as a bold tactic get rid
how is he
how do people score corners like how am
i drawing with this new message forget
it
Neymar why would I why would I shoot
from that I've lost this game I'm not
then why were you going to ever Newey's
I've lost this game I've lost a frickin
bone oh my god the game just
interchanged we've got attacking we have
to get gold what what am I doing here a
lot of the players to win this
forget all that attack get rid of that
please how is he beating me to that oh
my god oh my oh my that was even worse
and there it is that's what happens as
you go all-out attack yet and yeah good
good dive good fucking's either like I'm
going to fucking kick this is it cool
it's what you pause the LexA Alexa
apologize sorry that's how easy a
relationship should be I don't even want
to know the pact we didn't even get a
win what's the point I'm not I'm not I'm
not even I'm not I'm not toying with
this I'm not I'm not giving EA the
satisfaction of letting the suffer and
go through these packs I am just I'm
straightaway discarding them whatever
I'm done for today let me no more
suggestions you want to see in the
comments down below leave like if you
enjoyed subscribe to run it and please
