234,000 coins we sold coke we sold salad
they're both gone we stored these two
inputs to sell that may mean we can
afford upgraded Santa's or teaming
season today we're never going to be
able to afford the upgrade in Hazzard
okay so it's either Santa's son or two
hail now unfortunately I am away when
posting this video so the top comment on
this video won't affect the next one
whereas the next episode I will be back
after that so that one you do actually
comment on this episode however every
one that said to get the Sanchez I lied
actually the top corner was slap JD upon
to score so that's just irrelevant the
next top comment was every hunt the goal
is to special pass though a normal goal
is one switch back hunt goal two we can
afford a nine three and if we sold
Santa's the kiddin afford a ninety one
rate though okay this is what we're
going to do today we're going to play
two games and then we're going to put
our 89 r8 adventures up for sale so that
would start next episode hopefully he's
sold and we can afford the 90 rated we
actually might be able to afford the
ninety one rate if we get 200k from the
top calm I might be like no don't do
this but it's too late I've already done
it because I've already recorded both
episode I really can't afford to hear no
Santa Santa although there was an IP
reader no no no get away get away the
fact is right now we have won four out
of our four games in Division one six
games remaining if we win another four
out of the six we win the title I'm not
saying we will to sing today if we can
win at least one but fantastic because
then we're at least safe in the division
as well okay first competitor and his
team is good it's a very it's a very
good team not like incredible but it's a
very very good team oh I'm nervous his
team is just called Jamaica as an a why
Jamaican me crazy
not sure about this pitch Sorry mate I
know you you probably love it diamonds
are confusing me my eyes are hurting oh
please
how are you not scoring that all right
here we go has it has it son oh we're
winning I don't even know if he was
playing but we're winning oh my god yes
she was playing okay oh yeah it gets
straight back into it the setna kick
thing is slow annoying turnout for this
finish I said finish
what does finish mean wow wow wow wow
wow wow the peoples score free kicks
from here is that oh my god that's a
good effort
what are you doing big tackle
I don't know what I'm doing almost kind
of our own choose kind of borrow I'm
literally trying to choose him the whole
yeah that's just exactly where I threw
in it that's exactly where I threw it
that's exactly where look at that why
would I throw it there
why'd I throw it straight to him three
one down a half time this is why I
expect with the division one it's just
it's just bull it's just bull honky
right please please please
bang it Thanks okay there's a goal and
it's a hundred goals we get to special
packs oh my god oh my God we're back
hunter what a boy mom where do you think
you're gonna make where do you think
you'll go into three of them on you oh
my oh my god they pick up oh my god oh
my god Marni pastor Sam again do one two
and then yet that works that makes
complete sense Akane what you gonna do
Oh Oh my my part is just they're not
working I have nothing on what are you
doing the classes not working like I
genuinely can't put together two passes
this is this is horrible no that's a
goal yeah think white wanna pop off
together I'm gonna be a season a
heartbreak in it it's gonna be a season
heartbreak why doesn't that pop got
anywhere near my playoff I was got one
more chance bang oh my god Sanchez we
actually just drawn we've drawn I will
you know what I'm happy with the draw
okay man and that'sthat's one special
pack gold to a four alone six seven
seven special facts there aren't going
to be enough special pack okay maybe
there will we get seven of these bad
boys but you know that it just needs a
lot of coin it doesn't really mean
myself sleep at honestly I may as well
just get given coin Wow we actually got
a silver inform last episode snow walk
out we are now to walk out in a long
time actually probably afford the
Sanchez after this episode regardless of
selling the other Sanchez that's a more
decent sized flat 84 all right final
pack and then we go into the second game
nothing 285 K that means we must have
sold some things
analyst and walk already okay we can
probably afford the Santa's already and
if we can even draw this game with safe
in the division and we have four games
to get ten points there's three wins and
a draw that's that bad let's just try
this let's try and win this game Henson
you know oh okay action
but gently please either foot chaps
flare are you pausing already 19 seconds
in why are you pausing it oh no no
that's not I didn't want to that's the
first time I've actually wanted to do a
fake shot and instead he doesn't do a
fake shots like get off the hits get a
pitch out out Sanchez please please but
you might save you Thank You Sanchez I
need to shoot more with him how did he
get these passes through it makes oh my
okay
ah it's the same place every time it's
just from his guy ah please get off
thank you I think a corner for nothing I
don't the score corners there's no point
of them see that's like the best
opportunity I've had in a while
oh that's all the name yeah hit their
mind my croissant I good are they big
tackle Thank You Cannavaro you're the
man there's no argument that this guy is
good the question is whether I can like
pull it out my come on let's go let's go
team yeah yep yeah yep no i widen that
boss work that Paz made it son and I'd
shot it the goal with 45 minutes he
deserves to be probably beating me right
now but the stats the other way maybe
I'm being hard on myself let's go let's
do the second half is in my heart no no
no no no no no no no run run Sanchez you
know what it centers smash oh my god oh
is his next chance and it's small of ya
like why is he gabbing on me first of
all and probably getting through that
easily I have to go attacking you know
keep it on please Thank You Marcos
Alonso bang bang but you know what we
just we just thought why not you know
when you can read a pass so easily it's
just like like that like oh my god
that's okay that was a sick last concert
that long where is my team I'm only on
attacking I'm not unlike all out
attacking oh yeah yeah yeah oh my god
okay so look at how many plays these
dogs give any blares he's got back in
yeah yeah yeah it's gone out five
minutes left
bang oh my days what and there's a dink
boom you what what you're mad this game
gets broken and that's it we just lost
oh my day we get one special fact that
was all for the team don't deserve
better 585 take promo pack we get one
special pack we get a walk out it
any alphas what a walk out to get a 290
K I'm going to put Santa's up for sale
now if we can win one more game this
season which we should hopefully or even
the draw is safe in the division if we
can win all four we win the league for
our four wins is mad all right so now I
sell the sanchez 89 rated he's going for
one 120 right now so we'll put him down
we'll put him for 170 hopefully he'll
sell okay Danny Alvarez sold already so
we're up to three hundred thousand well
I'm going to leave it there but today
don't bother leaving the top comment
today because as I said I'm away right
now for the next episode make sure you
leave the top comment they got built-in
and legalizes enjoyed and
