don't guys what's up and welcome to
another episode of not safe for YouTube
today's guest
hell over here okay Vic so what is ready
now Vic we have had four competitors on
here in the past ASI is leading with 13
basically spends all day reading porn
comments don't have enough that's what
we've been doing that's pretty much what
we all agree to this so the way this
works is I'm going to read a comment out
it's either a porn comment or a mini min
to comment some people consider the same
to same probably use that line before
every single episode everyone's
literally look like they wants us bad
news there are 20 comments and you just
have to try and guess which ones which
okay really Wow yeah 13 out funny is
really good he probably wrote half of
them they have food in one joke I like
it we're going to get on well we are how
do we do we've lived that guy's 4-year
name of the bearded dad question mark
Lee I told you dad topic I told you I
picked them oh it could be like to Josh
or some random mail
I'm gonna go YouTube comments
unfortunately you started badly that was
a porn con I think everyone knows the
name of the beard of dad okay just to
clear this up that was on the forum I
think it was on a gay video say okay
that does change things but now I was
gonna think I watch anyway moving on
next one I like the new camera angle oh
come on I'm going YouTube video
are you sure again back to back it was
the last one of these videos you're
correct yeah yeah because like how it
like unless like they're subscribing to
a point satellite oh yeah what do you
videos last week um you got your Bible
seems like a more YouTube thing okay the
point yes finally great video I'm happy
that you listened to the feedback I'm
going to go with YouTube you know I'm
really proud of myself because I picked
this one because I feel I know you do
that with the last curse the festive
that was born I don't know the Queen's
last will be again with me 20 minutes of
literally nothing is that Vinny winter
or Paul I'm going to go with YouTube
again if at first you don't succeed just
keep yapping me to the name of the
accounts that wrote that is Wow good
choice it wasn't a good choice that was
poor hun you're on the 100 the screen at
16 minutes 11 seconds sounded like
Hitler muted I'm going to listen you're
sticking to that
till I got doing for unison to type out
anything about Lars like if it wasn't
YouTube also it has to be this time when
unfortunately it was issued Jesus Christ
he liked the balls in your face has got
to be Paul instinct porn it example but
are you trying to trick me because I
don't you pick comment from YouTube
videos that sound like porn comment to
be a football related I'm going YouTube
changed in my lap times you don't go to
instinct now YouTube you're correct it
is you choose to thank like everything
is the opposite of what you expect do
wanks with both hands for equality so
bitten carving you can comment including
YouTube card people right whether the
fuck they want
I'm using button-down board you're going
forward yeah you still have to read have
a second time II that was a youtube
comment from Jersey neo one two three
these videos are so weird so stupid
funny and hot torn a hundred percent Wow
wine pouring so hot no alright about a
YouTube video your dress to this for
that was another I've been doing it
wrong all this time I am going where
porn again might not reach your goals
here because you're on four out of nine
bar - I mean blow and the mughals that
might not reach no I love that sweet
taste of India fuck sake down porn again
you're going forward yeah you are
correct that is awesome so I'm just like
that means it's not related to me and
one of the beginning I like how she
moans and riddles are like you obviously
for its youtube or is it double block is
YouTube they just think of YouTube yeah
yeah like yeah he's achieving more than
his goals he's on six out of 11 I wish a
period was as simple as that
I'm hoping that's not on porn because I
don't know what kind it is but it would
be one of your YouTube videos I'm at a
period I don't think so yes I'm gonna go
with porn you're really sticking to that
ten are three or six on a sauce really
want warning oh is that on if I'm honest
I don't know how can you be so perfect
you see I appreciate that I really
appreciate that
it was a porn oh that was a classic Oh
comment it's just really again you want
to win like is there any bragging rights
but valuable in second place you want to
beat you
with them okay yes all of them have
girlfriends it saves you everything
what's real Oakland four minutes 13
seconds jiggle batty jiggle batty jiggle
batty AIDS but after you see video be
sure and you're correct
our faces are late-game strong I told
him I love how wet she is when they
ain't even started horn
I said you're late game is strong you're
proving me wrong there that were you
should comment that was from blue balls
13 having sex with bondage and leather
it's just not my sort of endeavor you
asked me to shag with a whip and a gag
I'd answer not now and not ever
are you team Carmel having sex of
bondage and leather I don't know anymore
we're going to go YouTube
porn Jane you're going to fall I'm
locking it it was porn well done I'm
really trying to help give me extra help
it to whomever edited this video need to
quit the speed it bounces around like a
jumping jack I'm going to go with the
youtubes going with you GF you're going
with YouTube yeah you're going you're
going yeah sorry regular horn that is
really really trying our noses are
really trying to leave your charity dude
looks like Logan Paul's brother multi
you look like $1
I never addressed by the way I recharge
my hand you could see my future yeah
using our like gentlemen
that's how big the Logan's are oh dear
okay you got two left I knew these I
serious most misleading some nail
YouTube please stop hiring me in being
so confident yeah you are correct
ten five nine one more and I can achieve
my dream achieve your dreams of getting
10 I'd still rather the new cod world at
war too than this porn you're going to
form
yeah the account of it made it with
cucumbers Evo have to take that your
final answer 20 you want to turn to yeah
yeah I set my goal is low and I really
sell and now I feel good I will well
done we will write your name on the
board for the next episode thank you
very much coming on the show that is
open not sleeping YouTube for today make
sure you check out dick in the
description below and make sure you
subscribe while you're over there thank
you very much for watching leave a like
if you enjoyed subscribed you new around
here and see it
