rats i enjoyed you guys for afraid's
which i don't really understand
a hot minute I get it like a minute be a
temperature anyways you guys may have
seen it sweet I did saying I'm not going
to be posting as much on my main channel
because I'm and a lot of stuff going on
recently and like not bad stuff that
made it some really deep but this is
basically just a vlog to show you guys
what I have been doing I've basically
been to loads of stuff and got like not
enough footage from all of it so yeah
it's like clips from about six different
events I've been to your pocket I'm
sitting down because there's been quite
a lot only a while ago I went to
Barcelona where I got this shirt and I
played at the Nou Camp I did a blog then
obviously I played a game there and I
watched the footage back and I've kind
of like this wasn't good enough for a
whole video on itself so I'm headed to
the intro video it's obviously not gonna
be the whole video thing but yeah this
is basically what the video was I say we
were playing at the Nou Camp we started
just from the left of this shot you
realize I'm talking for the guy here cuz
I'm like we don't have a goalkeeper this
is me saying we need a goalkeeper you
want to go and go I'm talking to Bradley
who's just off-screen here basically
this game was like a UK versus rest of
the world because they split the teams
they like who's youtubers whose
journalists it was two journalists all
the English people in all that Irish
people went onto one team and all the
others are on the other so I just took
the first kick of the new camp game I
it's the first chance right Chris MD
runs through bang that's a penalty and I
know Penn I should add one of the side
men man yeah Mendieta
plays out wide and then this guy crosses
it into the goal that is the cross that
is the cross a pointing to the crowd the
crowd fish where fish where you see the
crowd oh yeah also Mendieta and climate
were the captain's just to throw that
out there it's the next occasion he puts
it through basic goes it makes it with
the same and DJ Mario puts it in and the
celebration Oh at least the thing we can
play from that goal are some great
screenshots of Bates's
I said manny has the ball out why he
plays it's Chris Chris plays it to me I
should have played about to Chris I have
so much time i finesse it and he goes
straight to the goalkeeper Manny puts it
in but he's aside the rest and it was a
high foot guys it was also I don't
allowed you guys it's a very
rational match there was at one point of
the 13 players on one side Manny gets
the ball here
yes our wide he takes it round one guy
takes it around another positive to me
I'd been a little tap back to him he
ball rolls and then the slowest finish
ever into the bottom corner that is
Manny great play
I'll take the assist though I had to
climb a little bit of fancy footwork but
talking about it but weren't the captain
that nutmeg is spoofing I so he gets the
buoy crosses over and Tobey I get side
netting everyone pulled I was in Toby's
on side he was in there half he makes it
he's completely thrown goal for some
reason sorry Toby that's the whistle for
half time I've played in heat before I
played football the three months in
Ghana this was hot this was very hot
right so we moved on to the second half
we're using a different camera angle the
reason everyone's kind of walking around
our team has 13 players not really sure
what's going on
goes to Cliver Mende after they sawed
teams I got a little foot in there Chris
empty tackles in fully and then Chris
plays him through this guy takes a touch
and bangs it well play Chris I'm just
saying you know I also got my foot in
Mindy it's a little leg holes and now
the other thing to tell you guys there's
a girl on the pitch let's say I'm not
being sexist but she put a ball in here
made it all the way across and bam three
two I'm not being sexist decay like
rules state you can't have men and women
playing together this is just going to
backfire Army in India third national
step-over takes it takes it down the
line please live all across great finish
rates and bases so what you doing well
you got away you got a wig on I mean it
was very hot bateson played the entire
game and go no I wanted to go and go and
Bateson stepped up and played in gold so
Bateson you know that wasn't the best
thing you did well
men dsr trying to turn me he ends up
passing it way and look at that but then
look I don't like the gold plate let's
get every play
Mendieta was around them plays are in
and that's going top bins Bateson solid
work
all right now this one had to go to the
other camera angle for money well even
the crowd like climate screamed that
little scream was climber took a throw
in
he's completely through I'm thinking
this is the second assist bank that is
to assist didn't school guys I'm sorry I
let you down had one shot to sign for
Barcelona and I didn't score this is
where II got flashes of Vic you ready
the Young Vic Starbuck kill I was a
first side man Matt I basically just
went for a long throw in climate wanted
it but I was like now plug it I'm
getting one chance to play so I throw it
over him I throw it over and that was it
and then Sebastian balls he did it two
years down son and now at the end of the
match and look there's me believe me and
Toby we're going to go say hi that guy
hugging Toby right now looks a bit like
Nancy I told the key but you know what
I'm a school of the score against Duke
and I didn't piss me off okay so now I
can take my shirt off I don't like this
I've shown you the vlog I've shown you
the game there were also a couple other
clips that I did find when looking
through the footage
Vanya yes and we're going to move you
know that's gonna be aa fight through
the preterite sorry so I got the ax
middle what do you say it says June 21
telecoil oh Jesus
then I came back to England and after
that about three days later on the
Sunday I went and saw Sarah close
perform at British summer time and also
just the people with there but I did
record a little bit of that you just to
be tech me see tech me they're gonna
this probably in his blog as well I
don't think you're kidding laughter I
mean they both have to move you both up
everywhere because before don't you
thought I'll do it yeah he'll do it
sick I was really hot don't you two go
basically were we
I'm just pointing out at CALP for amigo
okay how much did you get paid the beet
color yeah beautiful experience I want a
falling apart the next day I already
have any footage of that because I end
up getting very drunk Dowell anyway we
move on to the next weekend oh it's a
while as all three days and again I
don't have any food because I ended up
very drunk about four days ago I went to
Kaos because the JJ was playing there so
I recorded some of the songs and it got
very well so yeah we're cut off this is
my room we're here to see JJ perform
random redshirt yeah I don't really
understand what my life has become I'm
in Kabul for literally 12 hours five
they left an apple upside-down on the
plate but you know what screw me
yeah that's pretty much what I've been
up to so ah yeah I haven't been
uploading as much as I'd like to or
anything like that because I've been
doing a loads of stuff like that I just
want to share with you guys what I've
been up to
also I haven't open any post in a while
so I'm going to just open a few more now
alright this is my stuff that opened
today I know what this is on the back it
says open on camera if you're brave it
is wait
that's not what it is that is that
actually what I think that another bra
someone has fully sent me a bra I feel
like a rock star unless they're underage
in which case I do not condone this
enjoy what do you mean enjoy law this
isn't my side so I wanted to get rid of
it and my first thought was you because
you're lonely and you sell me a bra
we're good with all go fold the other
thing is I think josh has one of these
and now potting for Great Britain its
many mentor is many mentor is many mint
oh thank you whoever that was an
electronic yodeling pickle what's wrong
with you step one make friends step 2
learn to use the idling pickle step 3
annoys set friends step 4 laugh out loud
step 5 crimes and probably because you
have no more friends enjoy hey well the
friend fires the bit of a no-go
I don't get it I just you'd consider us
friends right are we still friends I was
lying about it oh it's the yodeling
pickle I don't get it what basketball
another basketball there's much harder a
football another football another
football another football warning
choking hazard how it's all gonna choke
on one eye that is sick
it's from Matthew Hubbard thank you very
much was wavy and yet uh pretty much it
for the video today I'm wearing the bra
this is really weird this is actually
kind of creepy but yeah that's all for
today's vlog I'm sorry it wasn't the
normal style of blows but hopefully I'll
be back to normal very soon I am away as
I am posting this I think or I'm
throwing away the next day so yeah lots
of books to come but they got watching
and
