yo girls was going on and welcome to
another draft now I haven't been doing
these that often but apparently they've
been quite requested so this time I'm
going to something a little bit
different now I did something quite
similar to this in that I did the
alphabet draft where I could decided
okay the first player I choose will be
with a if there's no a player's I go
through the alphabet like BCDE and if
there's a play beginning with EOBs that
is the flower to this time we're going
for birthdays so the first player I
choose will be the closest to player to
the beginning of the year and then from
that point the next player will start
from there since that this is really
confusing this will be easier if I just
explain it while we're doing it screw it
for four to play please this one the
first player we get to choose to mention
okay this is an awful captain this is
how we do it so the eleventh so he ain't
going to be chosen second it's probably
going to be him sex at twelve twelve
twenty sixth no 26 average is there is
it so he's the closest to the star the
year you okay I'm sure you understand by
now so now the next Blair I choose is
going to be after the second of the
second who'd we get Ortiz we're going to
get Cavani we got the best player this
is actually terrible Wii game okay wow
this team is gonna be or four okay xx of
the six and need to keep remembering
this because I keep forgetting otherwise
okay we gotta play this time crazy
lovers of the seventh why muster oh my
god wow that's that's weird we're not
going to use them regardless so let's
just let's just choose panda a twenty
seventh of the seventh oh yeah shoes out
Andre Andre what kind of parent would
choose the same first name and last name
select Tom Tom sounds like a piece of
equipment oh this is bad twelve of the
nine twelve of the nut okay quick we
we're taking Coleman that's a Shamus we
have to get the whole way around
we finally get a good playoff game in a
season shut up Pete get Oh - OH - OH -
OH - OH - OH - OH - oh so we get chest
anything at all black we had Hugo Lloris
but no we take beg of it ROM eh
very good 25th of the pate okay what
what's the next one going to be 22
September 6th of November this is coming
horrendously oh come on please we get
them we actually get written controversy
the cool card
it's the second oh god yeah 28 of 12 53
28 to the 12th right so this is
whoever's at the start of the year we
get that plan X 11 to the first in Sonic
we're using Sonic oh we go joy okay
sonic or karma how now who would fit
this more but taking cover
we had 11th of the first and now we get
13 for the first course we now get a BP
I'll play any third of the Jeremy part
I just got pied final card and it's the
23rd of the second this bit there's Lee
where am i big cause there's a big car
23rd of the second ah 23rd more is about
23rd of the fingers one please please
please boom we can Saudi roubles I mean
I don't know how he's gonna fit in this
this is what I'm out gonna have to stick
with we got 85 rated 83 chem I could get
one more chem by swapping him and him
and then I'm going to stick with Ken
driver just so straight away I'm going
to bring on Ramos for Coulibaly and then
I'm going to bring on Sandro for Panda
pretty much all I can do at this stage I
mean we do get a manager as well so
maybe this one could they don't have
birthdays so I'm gonna just choose
whoever's the best Oh a g7 okay Paulo
the team is done the birthday team is
done right let's take this terrible team
into the draft let's win this hold the
birthdays that makes no sense but you
know what I mean alright so what we got
what we got
oh my goodness he is definitely laughing
on my team right now that Jared slipped
all right I need to make a sub I need to
make I need to make myself okay let's
make my sub sorry Coulibaly you had a
great game it's just to have Ramos
Sandro please I don't want Patton tip on
the pitch
come on come on Panda that was a bad
yeah kind of clue go on assist good you
through come on ease through oh my god
oh my god come on a poor my one nickel
besides God
go on passage come on mate plug the back
boom oh my date that was almost sick
here we go here we go
diesel Savage
you're right hey you're right wait make
it someone please give me the ball there
you go bang I will let have a child jump
one more one more one more when I say
one more I mean like 17 more because
apparently I like scoring goals had
finished Denis better oh the bouncy why
did I not turn and like take an extra
touch oh oh don't do this don't do this
it just is much me off and he's missed
he just ran through my entire team I
think that's half that's the heart three
nail up with this team work honestly I
expected to play this game and then have
to like do the whole draft again because
it's just terrible he's suddenly started
playing a little bit more started
playing a little bit more but not enough
no no no hello why are you not tackling
him I don't know who that what that was
were brilliant he initially just looked
at you don't do this don't no no no can
we can we stop this little twist keep
good punch get up and getting gold right
why is my side of it why are you not
going to article like did you see my
right back I don't that was clobber how
did you see him running away this is
genuinely worrying his team is his team
is obviously ridiculously good I'm
throwing this game I'm throwing I'm
throwing the game not really sure how
how was it okay oh dear this is this bad
it's really bad
ah I'll take it we have one minute here
come on finish it this does go be at
those with it we won we won our first
game
we've won one game solid solid solid
game but I need to play better than that
if I'm gonna win another game
let's just go let me go second game I
need to make those sobs quick I swear
that's Chesney I swear that why is he
wearing an outfield kit in the ain't
outfit why I was who was that then I
won't crews don't tell me that screws
ah here we go let's do this way let's
there's no forgetting how badly I need
to make V subs you know what I'm
actually gonna do this as well we're
going to take him up
I'm sorry Rodriguez we're going to bring
on an actual left back the substitutes
have been made it's time to just
Roy if he scored there that have been
very awkward go on god oh my god oh my
god you actually do it I don't know how
I'm gonna get past this guy it's just
not good enough is it okay I'll take it
I'll take it I'll take it I will take it
good body the point I don't know how I
even made it to there turns out and
banked it well that should have gone in
that should or just banged into a corner
hit apposite quick yep of course he is
play with the blue mr. Lee whistle big
thank you well half-wit halfway through
the game and we're winning he's had one
shot I've had two on target and I've
scored one carry on I guess stop stop
stop
nice nice teamwork this is what we like
very very bad in this lycoming tackle I
need to make tackle tackle yes
actually works wish for things that it
comes true good sir I don't know who
that is
well not oh my god turn out please I'm
not looking to scored I know it wasn't
coming out of school but however how did
that whole run forward night I think oh
he's injured as well we're entering
everyone this is beautiful sound like a
normal fan please please oh please why
we've done that when we've done that why
have we done this if I lose it's because
of that singular moment right there okay
88th minute boom big tackle big plays
big big plays we freaking won fast
turnout yeah it didn't expect that turn
did you oh that is also a my voice crack
just to make it even worse what we win
we won our second game when I play with
a world team and I win I get soul gasps
and we deserved it right here we go Game
three Wow Wow could be the end that
defense seemed solid so I'm actually
going to make that as well that we've
done that in 21 seconds is sick how does
he got so because I hate it but it was
like a quick counter to yeah nice good
one good
fine for scare me a little bit you know
this is really starting to scare me a
little bit he made it out when I say out
I mean he's scored he hasn't oh I'm
dying I'm dying my throat oh how how am
i I'm gonna die here and who that is
bang it across I'll take a corn up nice
well gone yes just so thick beautiful
the uniform stuff about how is that not
a fat one cl√©mence sing touch the net
I'm storming I'm storming it now Cavani
with a dribble and a half I don't want
to lose in a final again I know I know
that's like jinxing myself for this guys
to have a comeback and win but lose it
in a final is the most depressing thing
in the world that was a little bit fly
it's not the most depressing thing in
the whole world yeah there we go
fully heartless well I mean it's the
close game possession wise I'm
destroying but who really checked here
we go here we go oh that's a shopping
mall truly ridiculously bad like it's
actually kind of mad how about old oh
dear you can do a big touch yeah
yep you it that's good the solid
coming up can we not have this pressure
please coming up and okay I'm very wary
right now okay he's pausing it why do
people keep pausing it was it and push
and boom three nail art please just quit
quit and put me in the final make it
easier jobs were in the final and for
once man a match London Cavani we've got
two players better than empowering final
game for the first time in this draft we
are playing someone I have a guest this
could screw me over completely but at
the same time could him over hi it
paused it straight away thank you
although that doesn't mean that he's
probably got something good as well why
is he so why is he so slow all we've
seen a chance make cycle wait nope ah I
didn't mean to do that but I mean it
almost worked oh my god oh my god
push him off push it let's go okay well
we're losing is the first time we've
been losing this holes little draught
closet um what a block what a block from
him I'm going to have more faith in
Cavani I've always slated him on papers
you know what this is my time to redeem
myself
okay and there's other go
you see that that's that's kind of
FIFA need to sort out yeah go on 1v1 me
1v1 me don't don't you dare shoot okay
you want oh okay I gave up mad okay once
I almost took it in finesse what that
was all that was that was just genuinely
awful I'll take it
it's halftime okay I'm - no down I just
need to throw all my eggs in one basket
I'm not being destroyed his team is just
better I mean I keep making stupid
mistakes that lead to him having a
little chance and what the challenge
oltre attacking i guess we go 70th
minute and we have to go all out okay if
he'd thought that we would have to go
all out get rid get rid of that period
okay okay
we lost stop him keeps keeps keeps come
out just love them fact I've
been shat on I bet I had to go all my
eggs in one basket because I was three
no down it's over
can we get one thank you what's up
spinach you know I mean I can't try
we've go for it run out like that
oh one right one there's another
goal and got two there you go there you
go bump well shoot shoot
how how how and there you go there's
this goal yeah gone ahaha you bitch you
bitch done we lost things not only did I
lose in the final lap I'm not sure if I
have to is harsh they are that is
terrible really to premium gold plate
what's the point of the pack there's
actually no point in opening the packs
of half of the draft guess what guys
nothing just take away the packs just
super prize that's all for today let me
know any other drafts you want to see
down in the comments down below thank
you for watching and please
