things are finally going well on this
series we have one of first two games of
division one with what we're in Division
one that's that's good enough that's
what I was going to end it at that point
but now we're keeping Noah the team is
looking like this is an absolute monster
of a team the top comment was money I
mean we have Timothy that ignore that
one the next stop going was upgrades 290
Sanchez or get the better hazards some
of the stuff hasn't sold yeah I mean I
will have more coins when they self well
I'm still not gonna have enough for an
inform hazard even a 90 rated is 250 K
if we're going to do it we may as well
get like a 92 93 the 90 rated Sanchez is
also like to 9 so we're not going to buy
anyone this episode it seems like the
main thing is if we could win another
two games we are doing insane I did see
someone say that if I managed to get to
episode 100 and I hadn't won this by
then was another like 22 episodes or
whatever episode 100 should be my final
attempt it would be a live stream on
YouTube I would you know finish the
season I'm in plus to have another go if
I don't win it don't think negatively
think think positive is his division one
I have to expect the best we got more
than the best I'm hoping Butlin doesn't
have full camera needed of Smalling
trying to hold out from that Strikeforce
is gonna be a mission hello hello okay
that is the fascist kick off that's kick
off that doesn't count I hate the kick
of thing I know I score from it loads
but it's ridiculous well this is the
Division one I expected and really
expect to be winning any games how the
album oh my god gone gone shut up please
oh my titties made a meal out of that
but it's one oh come on you guys said to
just make every packet special that
every goal a special fact I'm happy to
do that we've still got the ball and the
ball hasn't gone off since kickoff I
don't know if this still counts no you
see lil nigguz shoot just fine okay the
ball still hasn't got off the ball still
wasn't good off if I can get a shot
oh no oh the ball still hasn't got off
the pot I'd turn in finesse okay it has
been too long or has it
whoa going off I shouldn't a shot there
hey we're drawing and it's our time it's
a very very
in games oh my days I need a drink all
right same again some fast football
indeed both sides go on take a touch I'm
mom yeah I don't know what that was I
think I accidentally for us I'll be the
change player and ended up loving it but
Marni beautiful look the turning and the
cross look at that what a slow header
Bank hello oh oh my god Kyle what is
that four shots you are meant to be a
top-level Manchester City player oh here
we go
Wow Wow Jew Cupid game what not happen
please son she's freaking score just
leave what's he doing why is it what was
it was done that in question series okay
yeah he yeah he he must he must he must
watch a theory I do appreciate it but at
the same time but I don't see it as
almost it right right now then doesn't
feel right I mean we went that was one
of the tenses games ever and then he
just throws it all away something what I
got we've got three goals well we got
four goals for special pack so I guess
it's Matty XVI we won that game if we
can win another game we're only two
points off safety and we've only had
four game alright fifty-five k-pax bulbs
we get four of these no walk outs four
of these bad boys
tiny flares I don't care if they're tiny
players we sold mine a 70k right we got
these two left hack number of dogs
we sold male we have 150 K on more coins
I guess all that's a bigger flare like
an 84 okay eighty-five even though as a
known goal but can open a pack all right
so the final pack we get today that game
anyway who knows when they get more pack
to the next game as long as we score we
now have 180 K coins I'm going to get
rid of all of that stuff if these three
selling yeah as a sign X if I could
afford to buy some one maybe
no probably not let me know you want me
to buy all we'll have about 200 K we're
now back into division 1 please let me
win this when I say let me win this I
don't mean you know like the last guy
actually let me wind up yeah actually
then send a message any reason to send
him that message you know let's get back
into the focus mode what's he got
let me see we okay oh legend three in
the back a very strange T big man so ask
questions let's display
play let's play ball okay now we have a
chance
got shot already there's a ball bomb are
you mother frickin chicken turkey breast
one playthrough oh why does that shock
never ever ever ever ever worth it such
boom boom that was a nice goal and
hunter got another goal this is
beautiful this is beautiful
what know Santa's you've realized you
need to come off Oh sugar I've fallen
over help I've fallen then I can't get
up god that was the worst finish I've
ever seen in my life how the hell what
boom Oh your mother eats Cheetos out of
a blender please so just please why are
you why is your touch tarnishing know
what it's morning
what please that's team at a season
Marni big tackle great title kind of art
just booting 45th minute Sarah Gary Gary
Gary get rid there it is pointed minute
is bullshit I can't believe I'm losing
this game I'm losing for this guy this
might be Karma for this guy letting me
win but you are a hero I've replied that
to Matty
this guy however joke and then he just
gives us one chance at all that's a ten
is what this is bullshit this is
absolute bullshit this guy isn't good Oh
God where's he gone is he yeah of course
we scores I'm free I'm free one down
we're yet but you think you're gonna
pace me I think you know pace team of
the season Alonso how's it go how's it
go you think yeah well that's a wrench
days are straight red come on
we have hope we have hope well okay
we're good scores that was an awful
penalty
I don't care okay yeah he has to make a
sub to me he has to make yourself mean
whoa ah merci you are cute Matty XVI
everyone legend lemon one pot across and
we're back we're back three all we're
back as the real I'm not meaning to dab
its paws but when he scores he dabs has
it run yeah you thought I was going to
turn back but I'm not I'm not
I passed across one more take the touch
son I shouldn't have lost it one more
should I let go so good
we're right that wedding you know what
we would what with one we've won we've
overcome the bullshit and we've one two
three four four goals literally matter
anymore they're all special facts that's
beautiful that is beautiful let me just
let me just open the time you don't
really care about the facts right now
unless I get like a walk outside sit
silver inform you know okay I'm gonna
where we get a silver inform in that
ceases I was a small of a quick quick
flash so yeah I'm just going to skip it
all right I didn't even look at the pack
for the underscores you know if it's
like that there's no point I may as well
just skip it and just see who we get
how much I open all of them talk like a
myself you know why I'm probably not
gonna get anything there's mistakes for
coin-sized to spend together we're all
having a good time here so why not enjoy
these packs feel that is the last typo
and please you just annexed a couple
pack basis a cup of coin two hundred and
twenty thousand coins you guys let me
know what to do just let me know what
you're feeling
just whatever that's all for today
thanks for watching leave a like if you
enjoyed and let's hope this season
continued like your own site version
you
