yes back back okay this is really
uncomfortable with headphones on they're
not even sitting properly okay there we
go that's right you guys asked me to do
episodes I did it with a pole that is
what one it was either a stream or
episodes episodes came out on top so
we're back for division one to do this
is the team we had I asked you guys who
we should buy in a team of the season -
hey or team of the season money one top
comment money another top comment Marni
we go in with Marni my door just opened
the cheapest are going to get him is
like 3:20 so I need to sell them on a
fire also I forgot to open packs last
episode so I'm going to just open some
of those some oh wait wait wait wait
wait what are they what are they promo
Ananse what all right screw it we'll
just open like three of these because I
have no idea how many I meant to open
but i'm realistically just using them to
get some coins we get oh wow look at the
size of that player mad look like an 83
83 matter 84 all right we're at 280
thousand coins emani's like Reaver c
issue here is I need to sell this money
if we sell him I can't play a game
because I have a right mid but he goes
for 80k roughly 79 k we have della foe
we have as our hot it's not good enough
so let's hope we may be able to afford
him by the end of the episode just with
coins if we score some goals it's not
I'll put him straight up for sale and at
the start next episode we will buy the
team of the season money for now
division 1 baby oh I don't know what
that song was I was trying to do the
halo or something alright let's see what
the vision one has in store it's gonna
be good oh my god two legends a team of
the season Suarez three other team
minutes oh my god that team is so good
it made my voice crack let's do this
let's just let's see what we can do
how does Marcus Alonso end up look what
I'm Marcus Alonso is right now you know
what
pogba it's a good okay we've got our
first shot vision one is it bad if my
aim is just to not get relegated is that
bad am I really setting the bar low if I
say that okay yep yeah this is why this
white this this is why I just don't want
to get really good no Simon I can't do
this gone bank and boom no dad finish
that his team is so good look it
shouldn't I shouldn't made it there
thank you for god Roy I don't know how I
even got a shot off know what Padma just
for this look I need this
two more I lied guys I don't know how
I'm gonna school he's so freakin good
Suarez is next level babe lemon please
boom let's no there's no way there's no
way I can't no no no no no no no hold
the phone mister that is it blow you was
home I'm not going from that think of a
sudden it may have been Alonso because
he seems to be everywhere I feel like
every game is going to be this frickin
clothes slave team can you move for me
know what Ally ball early pool boom-boom
alright we're back we're back in oh oh
oh oh oh oh that is wicked awful hazards
that build up flee was so good oh wait
oh and the bug Icarus Bob my dang water
strikes digest you monster ha this game
has become a hoary bleh it was already
hurry blade but it's just become even
worse why seen it's not because I'm
winning holy cow you see this look at
this pressure he's putting on look at
this pressure look at this look at this
pressure oh my god 9 minutes I'm nine
minutes away from winning my first game
at position 1
Oh hold him up hold him off photo more
flame off and then bring in a road you
just strike but we have to do is win
this header women edit I'm ahead of
pinellas of course you don't win the
header oh my god oh my god we want we
want a game Patricia Warren hunter man
of the match special pack go special
pack sanchez goal it's a three special
packs one win out of one in Division one
all right so the Sanchez pack we get 15
k-pax so a little bit of a pause it's
not good but we got the coins
realistically three packs are the three
hunter achievement these are so 5k packs
and let's be honest they're pretty awful
is that mercis like a yang give
ourselves a sick space over there
alright and after this last pack we
should have about 300,000 coins which
means we can 100% 1/4 of money but we
have to sell the money first
oh oh Liverpool Sala boom 300,000 coins
I really want to sell the money right
now but then we can't use them for a
game and let me get the bullet straight
away but I don't take that risk right
let's go into the second game I'm not
holding my breath to win this game okay
but if we manage to win gasps all right
this guy's good savage squad
fashionably savage I mean it's not bad
not what I would expect in Division one
all right we're into the game he this
guy started like while I wasn't even
looking I genuinely wasn't actually
looking at my screen and he started
playing oh oh oh
Kyle walk away there and why are you not
scoring I'm after savage him I'm have to
savage him I'm savaging him straight up
come on Division 1 you think yours is
the savage scored - the true savage
squads mine is ulti savage fast I come
on you know what it's money it's money
oh where is my strikers were they not
fluent up that was a bad mouth I was
very much madam we're just with a ball
in swamp ugh hoo boo bah ha ha ha ha
this makes it a lot harder to see but
it's worth it seriously sit seriously
you're called Seth called savage squad
you just ruin a moment I was having why
do i why do I struggle against no one
this is why is it so hard to score
against no one I felt like hunter
struggles to control a ball against no
one like he's just he hunter is hunter
please
I'm not playing against anyone it's
easier against this guy than against no
one alright this is it this is it hunter
boom
seriously seriously they go bang finally
herself this is embarrassing
I don't even know how I've got a penalty
all I've got to do is not hit it up
what's wrong with me alright I mean even
though you stopped playing off for like
ten minutes
ended up scoring over the Sun and hunter
I mean I'm just I'm going to just keep
scoring goals with Hunter if I can
there's another go I know there's kind
of dulls that's what I'm only showing
you the very very important highlight
let's just focus on the fact that I've
just won two out of three games in
Division one the decent go
Wow I don't care if there's no plan
that's a matte finish I'll get to ten
then I'll stop I wasn't a good girl how
does that work boom there we go that's
ten now I'm just gonna time with wait
why'd you just start playing now why are
you playing look he's actually playing I
mean if you're gonna play on you knows
I'm going to actually try Sanchez is
through he's through to make it work
there we go finally I'm just won two out
of two in Division one and I'm not even
that happy hum for advantage yeah hunter
got seven goals and you can get it this
but you got seven goals this is what we
care about this the vision one is what
we care about
keep that up fireman and will actually
win right so you've got seven goals
there's nine packs remaining we'll just
we'll just open these okay I know
there's probably we should open more but
I feel like I cheated a little bit
because he's not playing we should have
stopped we open need nine packs we're
not going to get anything but we'll have
enough to buy tuna season Marty nothing
again not even if not even a decent size
flat especially enough to get to even to
see the money and we get nothing it
matter how bad these packs are now I'm
over halfway in the pack and no I don't
even want to show you these like we
haven't got a walkout in what inform we
got nothing nothing again Wow the
penultimate pack guess what
no walkout and no inform ow brilliant no
walk out when you get a walk out and all
of that we didn't get in for we didn't
get anything good but three hundred and
sixty three thousand coins you know what
that means that means we can get money
we're getting in three ten boom it's
done it's done we still have 55 k and
this Marni 70k he'll probably sell for
no I don't know why I still have this
lot either
that's like another 100 and something K
but now look at this team is amazing we
have three normal players and they're 89
88 in 90 races everyone else is in form
orange team Ulysses a legend I mean the
next player realistically is the daheia
who was like 300k unless you guys can
think of anyone else but let me know in
the comments down below with one offers
through games and to visit of one I am
ecstatic right now but that's all for
today so keep let me know what your me
to do I'm sorry I didn't stream it to
those who did want me to stream it but
it just means we get any more episodes
so thank God watching enjoy your day and
please
