right so everyone has been complaining
about my ability it'd be fun if you go
watch my hunting we will go over sewed
yesterday you'll see I've improved a
little bit so much so that I am
confident that right now I'm going to
win the draw now I know normally I do
like a ball fit or a challenge but you
can some believe that I'm good at
sleeper anymore so sure four three two
one sure yeah I don't know come on give
me someone a new cards like as that
don't flavor that seam anymore Ronaldo
you mean a good play there we go there's
nowhere oh look at you don't play that
ag端ero sure give me a messy Oh what did
I just say ninety five we have to get
the 95 don't way this team is looking
bloody bangin right now oh man I'm
really fit apart from Saul that's
another 90 will take you we just won the
90s right now that was that's just
ruined everything in it but my mood has
just dropped sure useless being in a
place we're not claiming we are playing
people like that come on
all right I know what happens in my team
why do we keep doing this all right sure
yeah I'm gonna play again no Reese or
booth one I feel like we're more likely
to play a little Reese we have some BPL
players but a booth fun you know we
could get someone who actually know we
could get Chiellini
and he'll linked it all we have to go to
move on that way oh so happy I didn't
take Laurie's now what you will take
Maurice now come on keep going
give me the right back give me the right
back I deserve deserve more than this
the Dow sure that's gonna ruin the
entire team is genuinely gonna if I go
Marcelo you will link with Pepe and
Iniesta I think I might have to take my
fellow that's not anyone that's none of
them a good no but I need the person
because they're not giving me I don't
care none of you're gonna play well just
take a bow jab give me the good players
that one we can't get Ranaut who don't
get messy anymore who can take a look a
coup or Williams use a harder one now
patina right don't judge me for this
none of those players are gonna play so
we just take highest one my kids
obviously players like this keep ruining
the mood one more one more like sick
play it one more 694 there we go see
I'll go get in my teeth got sick bailed
and I Robin you ain't gonna play I'm
sorry but they all by do why do I have
to take lot of really dude I always
crumble at the last minute of these and
then it all goes downhill look at that
let me just try some stuff say why just
put the highest rated players on the
pitch I have no idea how people get like
Raya teams because that's only 92 look
at that team there's nothing I can do
here I could go for just of racing or I
can go for the team this team excites me
it's got bad chemistry but I like it my
thought here is we start the game and we
straight away take Seoul and continue
off and bring onto Bruin and Thiago then
my team is a meeting give it like two
minutes into the game this is what they
look like
boom even those who don't don't pay
attention to the red lines okay look at
the numbers we see Pepe is our worst
player and then they always the next
world omelette we're about to go let's
do go mad sing Liga sad side there 81
bat bat jab don't know why I do that why
do I let us down you guys know the deal
four wins and that's the drop we got
above average Joe Club yeah we got man
I'm planning our average joe's Dave
coming out it got messy hasn't okay yeah
no he's actually gorgeous tonight I mean
it's offenses a little bit lackluster
ain't no you know what I was watching
what's my team called what we calling us
the badass badgers that's what we're
calling ourselves today here we go here
we go we going straight in baby we gone
straight in home boom messy what okay
I mean there was a shot through messy
but we won now up three minutes in
above-average show you in above-average
you were solid like two inches away I
don't think he's actually talking about
his penis that's okay Oh are we sir
again mate I'm to Nayla I'm doing it up
in six minutes
Ronaldo we're now tone ste you know what
you guys doubted me you guys doubted me
go on sucks going out wide Alexandro not
really sure why you're here the triple
tap boom whoa Ronaldo just MIT that was
an informant outta here in inform oh
well oh oh oh okay no he's a that is
where the chemistry comes into play I
think oh ha ha ha oh ha ha ha how did I
not score but I'm gonna have to actually
score again you actually you've actually
kind of pissed me off here alright they
go and boom oh oh oh
Messi Messi zon it Messi's on one right
now I haven't even made my subs
I scored so quickly that I haven't made
my subs I should actually make some
substance I don't know why I haven't
made anything like I said I was going to
do it within the first two minutes but
I'd scored within the first two minutes
right de bruyne and Tiago
just sit back eat my nuts low on my
battery that was way too many sexual
innuendos
- nice - brain already winning the ball
back you've only been on for like two
seconds you fucked up bro
you fuck ag端ero how is my team ended up
like this
spread out hello hello friend hello
friend thank you
now I can use my messy yeah go on look
what what yeah what you can't you can't
tackle messy
Oh messed up messed up and messy Leah no
mercy see what if season Leslie don't
miss that that's the game done three one
Oh miss OH
just quit leave Leave I'm bored of you
if you don't get on my face right now
I'm going to score this attack that
isn't still - still the same attack
still the same attack still the same
attack I told you I would score again
Steve you didn't quit and epistle me off
you're pissing you're really pissing me
off
you're pissing me off bro don't know how
sucked and not not sort of area knows it
really not celebrating that girl go I'm
blaming come there we go take it slow
you know we don't know we don't see many
SS y'all go in the middle there is dang
one done look at that team is just mad
my next game won't be so easy you know
so I do need to make that substitution
straightaway hi what you got for me
ramsden oh my god Ramzan he okay very
good attack you know what is a bit
questionable when his defenses as it has
weak spots same cameras the last guy we
can do this he's got some good subs oh
good yeah there's no way that's a 92 r18
without some amazing stuff all right we
in this game we in this game right now
there you go things touch that's it why
is that ball so slow like the ball
genuinely slows down yeah Lionel Messi
yeah just just do your thing
you just do your team bro Oh fuck's sake
I make it sub square are you serious for
you freaking I just I just went
completely one right I didn't even get
close
let's make the subs we need to make I no
more messing about nah nah bro we
reroute here we really he knows he knows
he knows how to defend or does he or
does he or Dudley what I go Lea no no Z
I'm back I'm back in I'm back in right
back we've X with that black oh he's
going for another penny you ain't
getting another pen bro go on son God
sub gone son go on son Vaness Oh Leon
mercy
you seem way more this guy has it on
point out this is developed this is a
going left its hey Lori that's a red
that's a straight last man red car thank
you thank you
tack that side go please please please
yep there's the goal what sorry babe
bleh whistle blowing whistle get to our
time solid get off oh well oh well come
on focus simontann the ain't feeling
right let's go inside Ref how's it as
I've been pushed over how's that I've
been at what am I saying
please can we just just one more goal Oh
aah
I was messy got away with that letter he
ain't getting anywhere right but we're
getting lac de bruyne baguette oh that's
going right into corner oh my days
please can you just stop this brush of
just pure filth it's it's disgusting
flag is hurting me with like towing me
this lag is hurting me right you know
what we're going we're going ultra dick
oh yeah this is it this is the moment I
was talking about the moment I was
talking about he must be pissed team
team team why can't you get that final
plus right it go on pace me go on pace
me abused your pace abused him abused
your run effect no no no keeps fine
that's fine it's fine
chill chill chill chill chill I'll take
that no no no no no no no no no no
little picture with one oh my days what
was i doing at the end of year 10 man
when my dog got this next-gen game 3 got
5 it back and this is the first time
he's got good defense as well I'm a
struggle let's do this for my mom Sorry
Sorry
why did he struggle to make a part Jesus
this guy plays fast look at it look okay
I say fast and then it likes oh well we
get the first job and boom 1 nil ag端ero
man he's banged it he's been
man-of-the-match the last two games and
he's going to get it again please quit
please quit please quit and easiest
semi-final ever please I need to make
hunger mix-ups when I make the subs why
not go on what that mark that run I'm
not that run go on and then run in front
post and boom Michael I don't understand
how other people get so much power in
there we'll take that that is one of the
worst shots I've ever seen in my life
and I play football with
how's it getting for hot month ago yeah
yeah don't know how I don't know how he
made it through that here we go here we
go here we go right that's an elbow to
the face
I thought don't think I didn't see that
robe okay okay messy thank you thank you
message he's going to grow than Messi
than Messi and then ag端ero ethanoate
it's awesome loving good team right pop
it out or pop in pause again
um pom-pom 45th minute cheese there we
go three one baby we're through one up
and it hops us focus and we're into the
final that's a bangin ball he's
absolutely bangs the ball aha you
Monstar Marcelo but again not again not
again no good save Laurie Marcelo stop
that though that's another one and just
leave Leave leave Leave leave Leave
leave Leave leave Leave leave
make it quick up make it quicker come on
men Oh what he's a ghost he's a ghost
he's a ghost he went through happy start
boarding it that's his last for surely I
like what like that what is Pepe doing
it's a Golic thrill thrill it's not it's
not real please please please no oh dear
oh dear oh dear oh dear
Renato finesse it I'll take a corner
I'll take a corner I can hold this up I
can hold this up to a minute hold up
what what um sorry we just take it take
it here I'll take you son it's Gabe it's
game we're freakin in the final when
number three one more game baby come up
one more game oh ok we've got a beast
apparently FC beast boys ah that is
actually a very good team my only hope
is that that West Ham defender is awful
but my assumption is going to take them
off straightaway one more game 90
minutes 90 minutes I should probably
make a suction now don't don't let them
shoot we can make us up we're only six
minutes in surrogacy neosaurus all you
played one in the first game but you
know this is defined always messed up a
little bit lob it what are you mad
Messi oh and there's a first oh yeah
there's one okay not he's not I'm
forgiving the job because it sport but
if he dabs of another player I will send
him a very very mean email okay we need
to stop playing like an idiot we need to
stop playing like an idiot how he's
making it through here I will never ever
know
oh that was awful that was truly awful
he's gonna have to pass it he's not but
he's to I'm to know down there you go
there you go come on Sonny
come on come on you know what Vaness Oh
what's our finish we're gonna do yeah
and then if I just do that I think
Corner bad for ad 98 bro you're about to
get fistful that's what I'm going to do
I'll whip them all into there I'm Bank
they want me to score
it's a 45th minute now he's going to
boot it in that's a half I deserve to be
lose it I'm not allowed to go but
deserve to be losing this football game
at 3 yards to ass oh Jesus G yeah oh my
God thank you thank you
oh that's our bread I mean it's at least
a pen but come on cinnamon please please
please yes okay we have a chance we've
gone top right oh please please just
Burnett if we could have got there that
would have been beautiful Oh bitch oh
bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch
bitch bitch bitch but no no no no no no
we're back into a bad territory here ya
know this makes complete sense that made
complete that made
ref ref please give him another edge
attorney a yellow okay I don't I don't
think I'm gonna be able to score two
penalties in a row that gonna go in I
didn't name that I ain't completely on
the left no not getting another not
getting another told me that's it okay
game done I can't believe it I'm not
apparently on our nerves the badass
Badgers have been defeated now we're
gonna get awful packs let me see
Wow effectively we're getting for rare
players isn't that just bloody fantastic
for rare players you know walkouts I'm a
little bit fancy but it's going to be an
awful one in there gonna be a freakin
troll play we do funny angry because I
didn't frickin play them at the start
that's all for today thank you guys for
watching I'm I'm angry I'm angry at that
guy I told you guys those women gonna
win and I didn't so I'm sorry I lied to
you guys but yeah that's it today thank
you guys for watching hopefully you
enjoyed any but like if you did let me
know if there's any other videos want me
to do baby boy
you
