yo guys what's up and welcome to another
not safe for YouTube you may notice that
I am wearing the same t-shirt as last
episode that is because we may have
recorded it on the same day that also
happened to be the same day that JJ
brought our zp which I'll still leave a
link to in the description below and
also just for our podcast which you can
check out in the description below now
you only exactly so last time we had JJ
on he is now first on the leader board
so he is on 13 calyx and Ethan are both
on 12 in second place so how this works
is I have 20 comments they are either
porn or mini mincer
some people consider a buddy that every
of those I will read the comment and
then you have to try and deduce which
one it is I'll just watch important yeah
we know I have already done the research
this is sold wrong to isn't it that says
what pause or you window comes out
there's a G hey question number one
20 minutes lately because I know it
isn't gonna be like yes it's very go and
go 20 minutes 18 searching for the booty
like is it like some second channel
Friday parties really exactly that were
you grab on inter you're going from any
mentor crazy how're you like JJ you've
started off well that is correct what I
added one correct but they do get harder
just the one you know country than it
how hard is it to do a fatality my games
you play in what sense do you do you be
quite a logical person you know yeah I'm
trying to think logically here that
doesn't always work if you think
logically in its fucked over because
palm comments are weird at the start
okay Paul you're going born yeah
do you think it's some mortal kombat
kind of I thinking you might be fun of
you actually walk from that videos back
in it you think it's now a Mortal Kombat
themed video instead of a fatality it's
a fatality you pretty peaked it from you
know in art I take it exactly knowing
that that you think too much and to for
when it was the minimun successor
smoothly no power
I like how they use a warped lens to
make it look better fuck is a vault slim
them I guess an informed you going to
port why why you don't fuck up like this
like cuz it's some sound person who
thinks like it's an employee little wide
angle down well what if it actually was
a warped limb well if it was actually
like a two-inch that they made live 90s
because walks fisheye some time for now
important a jaded star very strong you
got four hour for door we get the audio
that it does say at the end well
after you finish all I did is stare at
her boobs and missed three-quarters of
the video
you'll pay am I not you could be very
dry brows that did not know that they
were all games you play as girls in this
don't wait Walking Dead I'm not gonna go
get some boobies in it I'm not here to
hurry to Josh I'm not here to help you
people
it was many men sir I assume it was a
game now I'm thinking too much
I like her she is sexy you're going with
you just initial thought yeah just going
for a try a new tactic should probably
start the storm but I just wanted to
stop my PE teacher is on the heat the
white man with the black and white
t-shirt a mr. Robinson see you tomorrow
lads how do you reinvent I love these
they're getting they're getting hard to
have the fall play out the way he do a
video about game shows I'm not here to
help you Josh oh it's just ask question
form you going forward
it was Benny mentor usually write down
what video it's from I could find out
right now if you've really want to know
exactly no one's going to mention that
she's pooping in one of the photos she
has on her monitor the fuck into game
did we were wrong about him be good I
was right about myself just yesterday he
hasn't got a brain he says oh wow I can
it stays no subtlety you have it's
basically check out these do enough men
against a whole community to go through
I don't think scrotie mcboogerballs has
ever commented on my video I'm talking
to Josh I'm gonna go I'm going to go
ahead of thing and say I don't watch
porn at much no longer something that's
a narrative ongoing for here get it you
have a girlfriend
right yeah Jesus is very well yeah no
surprises it really all these people's
going make a t-shirt on what I'm worried
about him that is true hair was not
doing properly Wow hahaha he did you
make him use it if i draped that bootay
it would rate it 9 but it's missing my
date the eat i see check over the
attitude right now yeah i know it's
really up with only only on the
attitudes of people on homecoming bear
at ice king but he might be doing one
hand type in I was a careful fun fuck it
yeah porn yeah soft act it I was it
changed her mind a lot second it it was
correct yeah if I was waiting for hours
15:35 time in the video by white candy
they meant sperm
mini winter season that's minima's oh
yeah think it was a golf video that is
they minimize the video you're correct
oh it would have been my Andy land three
minutes five that smile is scary as fuck
laughing emoji specific happy emoji all
are thing to get a bracket to laughing
emoji
let's go prawn you going prom you're not
on track to draw with 12 anymore
I mean to comment like this or Blaziken
will pushy but they all push you I've
been pulling Seng okay now I think about
oh my gosh if Blaziken has made it
famous on porn site - Pokemon I think
and I think it would have been a Pokemon
porn YouTube it you're going YouTube you
guys change your attitude
haha why would you there no but I saw
about when who finds his comment on ones
are myself and also Dutch he found a
couple of things but she the background
music was the worst thing I have heard
in my life sounds like a cat shit into
you just go minions there you know
you're gonna think about it
Pike yet in shared income I'm gonna
deduct a point for that it was correct
I'm not gonna jump to point don't worry
okay that is correct 360 no-scope
yeah nice to see you guys get things
done YouTube why do I feel really upset
right now I need to do it HR 14 you're
correct if you actually actually doing
it you didn't come back in sting this
makes me want to be a full-on lesbian
slow them up for the sexy mamacita
thanks to this video I now need to
invest in a slippery when wet sign I got
so incredibly wet watching this I came
everywhere then my Pappy walked in and I
slipped on my juices look about awkward
low laughing plays like a fake laugh and
playful you're in there just because it
is long when you and you're trying to no
your honor you're on a streak here you
get all five you win I mean I want to
join the 12 gang maybe
bet the people underneath you will
please loss on YouTube really going with
this gut thing thank you yeah I cannot
it so far work together can add a 16 yes
four minutes
exactly this picture the streak alive
and also keep your hope to be number one
Ally on porn and then cows got it you're
correct number 18 holy fuck that last
round to half the YouTube site very much
shit row I'm thinking same thing exactly
it's correct yeah any mints videos so
I've now drawn regardless you were
drawing with calyx later but you have
two questions let knife type in it
right yeah you want to be number one
desi well they remember your logic at
the start or tell the other part if you
win then you watch more proper shit I
feel like this guy wakes up every
morning and says to himself in the
mirror this is my swamp it's a draw
first place into the do - why were you
going for that here if you could get
first light on your own you can see
they're both like joint but this was fun
mm-hmm he's lost out but there's still
one more the world walk with some backup
guy okay number twenty and to draw a
first play you will never believe what
happened to me last night I almost had
to call 9-1-1 on myself I was laying
down naked eating Cheetos watching porn
when all of a sudden for no reason my
dick turned orange that freaked me the
fuck out I jumped up screaming somebody
call 9-1-1 somebody call 9-1-1 it was
embarrassing youtube who do you prefer
to view next day would you prefer to be
next to this to people but i've ever -
next to your name i think your data
company you want to get this right yeah
fortunately I'm in Kerala you're going
to have fun is wrong that means you get
twelve and you are drawing with Alex and
Ethan unfortunately it also probably
means I'm going to put you underneath
them leaves like apple ice on that
camera and you might not be seen am I
asked to figure this out I'm sorry
that's fine ask it's nothing then I'm
sorry I don't work for more than these
guys right so that is all for today I'm
not say for YouTube thank you very much
Josh for participating thank you much
for man's ok to your forum stuff I mean
yeah some people consider mini-mental
videos me I consider publicity okay as I
said make sure you check out all those
things the description including Josh's
podcast and also sidemen but I hate
these about this needs quick profit okay
now you guys what don't even like video
subscribe to do around here like watch
again and see ya
