welcome to glory today's challenge three
attempts to paint number three
oh that was clean as well now we go
right left right left we have to get
twenty to get another pack left here we
go gonna learn ten because I want you
guys to see some pack
I'm naturally I'm dizzy already how I've
done once
anyways seven packs let's go back to the
bedroom
I keep saying that all right so before
we get into the FIFA let's just point
out the obvious yes I have washed the
shirt since doing that football
challenge and yes I have also dyed my
hair different colors so I know I'm
sorry I pre-recorded all of these intros
this is the last one though so the next
one I probably will have this hair and
no it wasn't a dare wasn't a challenge
whatever it's in my vlog you'll see
coming up soon so as you guys saw we got
seven packs that is a lot of packs to
open unfortunately we are in Division
eight so they are silver packs but you
know then this that a bad silver packs
as well these ones anyway we've got to
open them seven packs let's see if we
can get anything at merely it's still
you know we still get coins out of it so
it's still worth opening it's still
worth seeing what we can't get if we
can't get any English players nope
nevermind pack number two we
I mean might at least sell these got 89
pays you know we'll just put them up for
that bitch we got nothing bet I will
literally get nothing
well pack for ah-ah-ah what what nothing
pack number five when I'll get us a no
go yeah we'll put em up for sale go got
a single player in the right league we
got plates though that time okay final
pack here we go Abdullah he he's English
actually we will take him because I
don't think we have a right back yeah
he's got some pace we'll put them up
sale means we can finally get rid of
this guy I mean realistically Burnham's
not gonna play anymore we've got that
we've got those two I'm sorry burn them
but you know I'm gonna play I feel bad
but Dabo man he could be our Savior so
this is the team we have to deal with
right now although the top comment was
get ma hsiao or hey Zeus I couldn't see
any other top comment so we're gonna
have to go with that one Marsh I was a
left mid or left forward so he doesn't
really fit the team as much as I would
love him to don't worry I like I
genuinely I'd love him to okay Zeus
really would fit the team I guess it's
gonna make sure I get him for as cheap
as possible 698 it's alright okay so we
have Gabrielle actually Zeus what do we
get
what do we get we get we get a bronze
contract back no no no oh the Canadians
out the Canadian is finally out of the
team I feel bad but I mean now we have
three strikers ago Charlie Austin we got
Jay Manuel Thomas and hey Zeus me next
game realistically we could play Delft
and sentiment and play chill world and
Charlie Austin and then it all links
well we haven't lost the game yet with
ten one zero as our record I've really
don't want to lose a game today I only
get to like Division six before I lose a
game I thought you know I might lose one
today but let that we can we can hook
where you got for me
Division eight is this gonna be a tuft
okay he has hey Zeus he's got the guy
we've just bought he also has a hundred
cam it's a good team it's a Brazilian
team I've just noticed that it's all
Brazilian kind of dumped we got this
leads we have this come on Dabo I wish I
could score with Dabo so I could down oh
oh you're in you're not off side either
that's it
I don't know how to dab I want to dab no
okay do that one I like that one
I'm an idiot I'm an idiot I'm an idiot I
don't know who that was I don't know who
you are me Oh No okay debate we're back
in the game down the middle
what really what what the fuck just
happened
I'm losing to this how is he he's
actually not bad this guy to be fair to
him like I'm gonna give it to him he's
actually he's decent there we go here we
go here we go pass it in wait no no I'm
so angry right now I'm actually so upset
okay I need a goal badly oh I'm actually
I don't deserve you inning I don't is
that I said I said Oh didn't want to
lose and now I'm losing Oh lame it hole
it's just getting destroyed right now
far side look at that ball look at that
ball that's who lit that and then my
touch was there
oh my you know when did she cry just use
your pace get across in gone son
get crossing bad cross yeah absolutely
how am I listen to this like I'm on
ultra attacking right now and are you
seeing how far back my players are
pillock caught fucking pass this is oh
and now I press the ROI in change player
and I've just lost please Phillip Oh
what is that
you're a herpe on a stick offside
he's offside how was he no upside this
is where he scores come on please we're
going all out attack we have five
minutes left
hula is 100% be in the worst blown but
look believe that was going straight to
you and you passed it their final chance
far side you know what we're just gonna
cross it in there's the ball and it
keeps come out this dish
we just lost in div eight to that I want
a quick so hello I really want a quick
sell it he was the worst player on the
pitch if he gets a good rating this
games Philip got an 8 what game were
they judging that on you know what boys
fine you know why it's fine because at
some point you have to lose about how we
move forward is I mean the games not
loading so we're not really moving
forward I'm just I mean hi this is the
team we're using I'm not gonna lie to
you guys um I'm a bit angry I kind of
want to not play
but he's realistically my best player as
well I I should play but remember guys
as soon as we out of this division once
we enter division seven I actually need
to buy the new bullet I yeah another
hundred camp he has a silver bow he's
got a left wing back at sent amid a
guaranteed he subs him off straight away
all right let's do this please please
pull it up just just please can you just
step your game up for this one okay okay
stepped his game up a little bit up
there Charlie Austin is oh please please
thank you that's the gold with one nil
up Willie go on assist Paisley's got the
golf what Celia what see lay off bang
water saved on a rubber fast forward and
then boom there we go
I told you we're gonna score this guy
isn't good okay we're yeah we're just
finishing this game off bang a lot
Austin you don't miss those it's like
one of the first time so I'm like I kind
of want him to quit so I can play one
more game the reason is purely because
of that first game triggering me pull it
yourself Gold me come on just quit there
you go there you go head it on or not
you know just do that okay five no ears
quitting 100% see you later mate okay
well going into one more game show me
what you got
give me some bronzer it's got to informs
but not on good chem but he has 100 cam
but he has two players on the red I
don't know could go either way
all right here we go do you guys think
about if they add it in if you get like
five yellow cards it's a five yellow
cards they get one game suspension going
hey Zeus come on son pass across finish
boom that I'm worried about those ones
Charlie ostomate don't miss what the
hell is wrong with this game why is that
a thing why are you more likely to score
from kickoff than not I need to stop
just passing it from there - although
saying that it doesn't leave me open for
the counters what what what what what
boosted stats like they shouldn't be
scoring any of these what what Anthony
Anthony in Sydney in Sydney children
please thank you give us me that was
actually quite nice
Oh Charlie Austin meet Charlie Charlie
you know what I have faith in weave
rewind just rewind one second he doesn't
have one star weak for it he doesn't
have no star weak for he had if he had
no foot I would accept that show okay
well I'm only one behind gonna be in a
lot worse through the middle please
pull it just hit that's a corner I
almost went in top corner I just noticed
that he's playing team player
I've only how I know and he just knows
that there ya go
that's the near post when I can steal
his thunder I can steal his thunder run
up there you go you go oh please oh oh
you little melt eyes bro Natsu talk
about pace he's just brought on at soup
pasta cross I think it's up Oh roof but
that I think dumbest pain but I don't
give it to you because I deserve this
that's an awful pen never mind
pull it I love you you've been awful but
you're making up for it here we go here
we go Murphy I'm doing it I'm not taking
risks I'm going for the win
he's paused if we win two wins with two
quits we've got that loss that big big
loss which I'm absolutely distraught
about hey Zeus for the 10-man a man of
the match against annoying I've got one
more game in this division then we need
to buy the new hull it so hopefully next
episode after the first game we buy the
new Hurley that's all for today if you
have any hints or things I should change
or do let me know in the comments down
below but I do need to buy a playoff so
let me know who to buy we have 14,000
coins if we do win the title we do get
4,000 coins so we'll be on like 20
thousand coins by the end of next
episode we could use another set of mid
because we can't we don't even have
three sentiments that are gold so either
a cinnamon or right back let me know
anything of the theories and yeah they
still watching please when I get the
ball and nowhere to put it Amazon that
fan right
funny that's why practice nos Dejan
playing at be mining mining mining I
said I've got to eat finally that's what
I practice that I stay on playing at P
my knee
I said I'm gonna eat funny I practiced
some point
