Division two violins in Concord we have
already got promotion into Division one
we have four games left all I'm doing
today is winning the title or finishing
the season if I can't win again that
potentially means that this episode is
only one game so if it is I'm sorry it's
a short episode but that is it for third
who knows they may end up being four
games now one of the most appearing
comments after last episode was that I
forgot to open packs so firstly I don't
know how many has been opened but let's
just open like four I'm not going to get
anything it's just more coins really we
already have 230,000 see the author we
get nothing again I was shocking two
more of these bad boys marshy out look
how small these flares are it's actually
mad we get trigger yep trigger trigger
trigger don't know how many I wasn't
open but let's just hope so that was it
okay so now those types of done you can
stop complaining we also sold a long
time for 77005 me went 12 that mr. great
I don't know how we improve the team
honestly the only players we can get our
team of the season I just can't see
myself being able to afford anything
saying that 100,000 coins it seems to go
quite far especially if we sell him for
okay me actions actually that's another
AP case if we only get like 20k today we
could actually afford the team to see
the money ninety rated Sun is a little
bit more expensive yeah he'll still be a
while hello lol own 300,000 we can
afford him as well what we can afford
one of them hi you know how this is
going to go I have an idea all I want
you guys to comment on this video is who
I should buy out of money or daheia cuz
they're the only two I can really afford
now the other top comment today was to
do episodes for division one I'm always
said normally the streams of vision one
because I'm obviously going to struggle
so we have one final go at it and that's
it but now top comment is saying please
do episode so I'm not going to say don't
comment down below about that okay I'm
going to do a Twitter poll that's going
to last you know like all week go vote
on that my Twitter is in the description
below it's also twitter.com forward
slash miniman self that'll be one of my
tweets from this day or from today if
episodes wins I will do Division one in
episodes if it's if it doesn't then I
will just livestream it once ok and
that'll be it you have the power you
specifically Joe you watching Joe okay
all of the other clouds innocent way but
okay let me know and now let's just
let's just win the division all right
let's see where you
got are you gonna be to God oh wow now
they're all cheap one vote actually
thinking about it they are all cheap but
he does have a squad builder Jonas so
maybe he's actually he does play the
game is this guy gonna be the guy that I
win the league again I've already
promoted I don't even care anymore I'm
just gonna have fun there you go look
we're just having a bit of fun go and
think it ba-ba-boom that was the maddest
finish ever you know what look at win
the league right now that was really
easy you know I've got better in the
last like week or so let's just go for a
little Alonso cheeky guy you know what
you put a play on the line as well now
Possible's Papa what can I say I don't
know who you are Jillson but stop hi I'm
showboating out here oh my look at how
I'm playing this ball around look at how
I play in the ball or throw an elbow so
this would be really unsafe cycler if he
quits I'll be genuinely unsatisfied I
want to I want to be able to see the
ceremony at the end tell you what guys
if I win this I'm sorry that this is a
short episode I'm more than happy there
you go gone money wait wait wait wait
bang posit what hot night if you if you
possible score another one okay 10 past
I won't score another but now I maybe I
will maybe I will maybe we'll just just
for fun just just a fun why not get a
third why not you know if you have the
chance why not take it I really don't
want this guys quit I really want to see
the ceremony I have worked way too hard
to see in Division two promotion
ceremony that's weird solid heart lad
solid ha three-nil up who would have
thought a simon in so winning six out of
six games in a row in Division two he
hasn't even had a shot listen game's
over
I know I always say that and then I
regret it but this time I mean it I'll
tell you what I should have put Danny
drink water in this I should have put
him into this this team hello he's
unlike all our attack right now can we
not
Markus Alonso how are you so high up oh
no he's off he's off he's up keep up -
hail good save good save good save bro
Marni's away my nose away going home off
boom corner keeper use you and me one of
the last time I actually scored a corner
I don't want to go that is awful that's
honestly shockingly
don't don't don't quit and do not quit
Please Please Please Please Please
Please Please Please Please Please I
need to figure out how to take corners
go on
boom there we go for nill please don't
quit bluh look get the celebration to
you so you don't have to quit oh okay
I'm getting brave Izzy it's getting
brave that's what I thought oh I don't
want that noise I can I made a song oh
no he's actually got a charge but it's
Pato
he's cool clapping okay okay look you
scored a goal the Pug boom rat could
thank you we'll take a quick over one
and never take a quick one and it
somehow hasn't what just happened they
get such fun 5-1 the old cult Ravello
we've got it
we're in pretty good one is there going
to be a little ceremony no I don't okay
we've got a man in the match we've got
two gold into girls son one's a pogba
and your sister got to 400 again I meet
let me see 13,000 coins you know what
wait wait are you ready start the
drumroll again Oh what division so six
that are singing 13,000 coins seven out
of seven wins my but I'm bloody awful at
math congratulations you've unlocked
asses to foot champions we can leave hey
that's us three much to do maybe I
should do a division or episode for this
and then we can do a stream for the
weekend League again I have said it once
before and trust me it's held to do 40
games in a weekend so maybe that's what
I should do you guys need to let me know
remember on Twitter I also have 261,000
coins so if I do spell Amani order hey I
can afford them team of the season
version let me know I'm sorry this is a
shorter episode but that's all for today
we've reached the holy land of division
one I'm gonna go drown my fault with
drama thorez I'm gonna go celebrate with
some champagne Elam in Twitter and
everything my lap so you see the poll
and let me know which one of them you
want me to buy bangles Virginia have you
enjoyed it and through
you
