Oh
right so at this point you're probably
wondering what is going on if you guys
don't remember while ago I went to Abu
Dhabi with Chris MD we went to record a
video with for the Manchester City
players I've got to vlog out about it a
while ago and then Chris put his video
out where we did the challenge as well
but yeah the clip at the start of this
video where I hid the Bruyne in the face
kind of went around loads of sites and
it kind of went a bit viral and I saw
the reception on it I was like you know
what I need to put this video out
regardless of like the lack of footage
or the technical difficulties we have
yeah that's pretty much what I'm doing
this is the video from me and Abu Dhabi
with Chris and mantas yes before you
comment it I know I have red hair okay
this is a long time ago yo girls what's
going on and welcome to a challenge a
little bit different we're in Abu Dhabi
right now with some players you might
recognize we're going to be doing
apparently shoots out in teams of three
each team will have to decide a player's
take a right foot penalty a left foot a
penalty and a trick shot penalty I'm
going to just use her super heat you
running away trying to get in the camera
I choose where he choosen I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go Willie this one okay great
and I choose when you are I'm just going
this slide I wear slide yeah black suit
muscle your left foot right unit a right
for trick shot okay
okay I'm taking trick show
what is notice ah
what it's good yeah you can see that I
actually felt terrible about this
terrible then we'll go right please all
right yeah right Kevin John's
left or Churchill
I said Churchill if you want let us make
sure yeah you are solid quick foot I
done all right on your line on your line
on your line mm-hmm Oh your line on your
line on your line is not mess with about
I brought in one and Chris was the
captain of the other team Christian
outer face of warfare oh I feel like
he's already been hit even I'm saying
like I'll take it instead of zone like
he's willing to take it he's willing to
take it instead of last gonna be on the
internet for over yeah one choice no yes
no no you can't--no yeah I mean you
didn't like him as a captain if you
wanna have a shot no your team didn't
like you coming over yeah don't look
don't it
Oh years ago here you wait we're done
with the show that's fine I contact
another one oh that's it for today thank
God watching and see see that is the
entire video obviously as I said there
were some technical issues that I would
back the video and everything but I just
want to say a huge thank you to
Manchester City and also to Chris and
all the players for being great sports
and just getting involved and yeah if
you didn't want to see more stuff like
this let me know by liking the video
thank ice watching and please also check
out Chris's video and mental video I'll
leave them in description yeah
