yo guys what's going on and welcome to
another reddit 5050 today's guest is
none other than KS are we okay sighs
yeah looks a little bit different
here's a big news why it's just a true
pea-sized form this is what happens when
here great shot sorry so anyways if you
guys done out as well basically we're on
the reddit the subreddit 5050 we're
going to take it in turns to guess which
of the options it is if first to five
wins that's it relate you
okay so Josh as you are the guest you
are going to go first you have the
choice of a man eats a decker
cheeseburger more man eats a disgusting
canned cheeseburger
I'm gonna go not say for life it's
nothing anybody's burger I said by going
by this one it means that it's the other
one I'm happy because you're always
gonna go for the growth on so you get a
win-win yeah cuz there is this one then
I've won the point there's a tougher one
I'm happy to see it I want to see you in
decent logic we'll go with it
he gets a YouTube video oh my god wait
how is just not safety life
it's the can pinned everything bad I'm
jumping in Steakhouse burger I've had
English breakfast in a Tim know that's a
challenge within itself had that punting
the football back in a day the worst
thing oh sorry oppa it's bad you're
tired
it was at 3 on there and there it's bad
I want to point the night I think that's
at human remains it probably is they're
just guys even that's a easy way to hide
a body that's true actually just playing
Tim sell it people I'm going to delve
this because it's making me really
uneasy but you got you got a point
yeah I'm kind of hungry after watching
now the issue is I've never lost job
ever I don't think read it thrown out
you don't you think why I would start
losing but then I pull it back right
Simon your go pro a gun as spinning a
man shooting himself in the cheek it's
not laying a while I think man shoots
himself in the cheat would be a picture
anyway I think pro gun spinning is cool
so I'm going to go for that if it is not
safe for work one I programs doing
evening I said let's have like cowboy
guy spin the gun from that year yeah and
he's gonna be like spinning around one
finger and then change them for the
other finger I just don't know that yeah
got it in three two one
so does it go away as she was a girl
whoa oh oh
bartender again oh the dot pocket show
me a cocktail what no Halloween song
that everyone knows you know the name of
I don't even know what Halloween song I
know you did the mash more than one of
the saddest videos ever
I want I don't know Halloween song with
this particular subreddit is actually
random which one you get if we clicked
it enough we would get the other one so
if you have both in stock only not
herself and they loved it to anything
that is it not really no series
pointless sub series is a sham it was
fun to point that out make sham series
Wow
you're replacing by series Halloween
good you're not winning okay that's
boring I've got one point what's going
on okay so you're think I hello Enzo I
hope so
okay I'm clicking it now Oh sad so your
theory about this whole series you've
got what happens if I got a same
different for you you put in too much
logic behind how you sure you put this
through it guess what silent but I've
got Halloween songs no you haven't
I know you haven't I got a song no I
know you haven't those Halloween song
called saddest ads lover father love
your Papa I can't make jokes about it
it's a pretty sad video okay we're
moving on what do you think it's what
people don't pick up well I'm asking you
okay let's get your series on I was just
checking that you were at a point right
now they don't get your series rights
but I was just checking that you were
still paying at a home Anne has a toad
rated accident a comedic web series
which one do you think it would be on
why do you really like that in this
Hensel towels game that we're playing
right here if it's heads
I'm going for a man has a terminator it
was hell okay so I'm going for a man
into Toledo how's that work then I just
think it's gonna be a manatee related
accident and to prove it very go what
idiot breaks his code should be on
butter
oh no what you said oh you seen his head
fucking toes is your head oh right
that's him gay fan overwatch yeah he's
running okay JJ runs the fridge it's
going to get himself to drink and he
slits on the doll is he gonna show his
toes I'm out I'm out I'm out I don't
even done he 360 no scoped his toe
kid runs into glass door or a tibetan
sky burial please say kids owns a glass
door I'd rather watch that if you'll go
for kid runs into the glass door
no I spread it I'm gonna go sky burial
okay somebody is ooh lunch
oh that's foxy at two seconds that's a
face of someone that knows they're about
to hit something he put his arms up and
blinks where you get there yeah it's
fake we should start
series where we real or fake yeah that's
there I thought that series n is it oh
come on just a classy guy sliding across
the I you know the original sledding
into your DMS and as second secondly a
woman slipped I and ran over by car the
classy guy and I think it's going to be
the guy going good evening
although that's old it wouldn't be on
reddit now with it do you do yes I'll do
some read it okay yeah I'm gonna go to
classy guy to what bull yes it's a
design this IC is classy lady to see the
drink sitting smoking is that like just
watching me goes on for ages this guy is
like a king imagine an audience were its
eye contact parody of a parody of
Twilight or women drink horse semen so
head is litter so I'm tower second ones
me read for this game is towel so women
drinks horse semen okay well let's see
if your tactic works oh my god how much
is that
don't tell me she's going to choke I
actually made it feel a little bit
queasy ah what what what's wrong with
you once of a lot of calories in why is
there so much in one do a whole jug of
it well yeah she's been doing this today
she was three she must have it in stock
you guys want to cure your hunger
everybody ever been detained a bit today
anything get you food watch that video
I'm hungry again now I wasn't while
watching it I'm not like you I don't put
mayonnaise and everything so I'm not
gonna see horse semen next time I see
I'm not gonna see a white creamy liquid
or minor food next time your turn wait
this is a spell to spawn as well this
will go to force a match point I call
and make scammers talk to each other on
the phone
very funny right we do see a lot of nice
hello hello oh I'm do you want you could
make they wouldn't say what you want
don't be like trying to show us turns
out each other stuff let's go carry a
large insects extracted from ear I think
I've gone for the nice option most of
the time I want to say the nice one here
but I'm going to go with the large
insect I dunno I'm sure you made all
along is gonna be that one I'm right Oh
God uh how do I camera goes they did I
was doing ten cameras he's not coming
out anytime soon
oh yeah yeah that's honestly so buzzed
oh my shadow did I Wow so I'm out I'm
out I'm out do you think we're gonna see
the side effects of steroids for a song
that goes harder than Matt did my lord
of the gameplay figures up in the air it
worked last time
heads apparently side effect on steroids
play your games on side of it if this
works and you have a magical coin it's a
song that goes hard
I decided steroids he probably did take
some steroids to be able to do all of
this stuff yeah I think so by giving you
that coin is oh I'm sorry Josh
kids bouncing on the bouncy castle or
about to castle castle yeah some slides
away and killing the little kids know
what magnet coin says magic coin says
it's the data you've got that also I'm
wrong so the magic coin doesn't work
anymore you guys for you who knows kids
bouncing on a bouncy castle I think it's
just gonna be a boring video
oh no oh no I was wrong to watch this I
don't watch this no you're going to see
a dog dancing because he got sold or the
most creepy video of a white house why
you never become a dancer who became a
dancer you know you're going to follow
the coin as a tower 366 m records get a
ratio I'm gonna go I'm gonna follow it
you're going for the most creepy video
ever you're the white house why never
become a dancer alright I don't know why
they come one one oh my god what a dress
what is this it ends at 2:50 you looped
it to do it to picture my ID revenue
they're done out for free
yeah ugh my way back up maybe maybe
maybe maybe Game of Thrones Seuss
compilation guy with blade going through
his tongue turn the little magic coin
says it says towels on small you're a
broken coin I swear it hasn't been
headphones into again you can't you
hover in it you are interested in this
what did I say head oh no I'm going for
the game of through and throwing the
prunes the game of foods compilation
oh okay so be there always win movies
everywhere the penis is what wise their
penises
where is penis okay do that hero's weird
or arm or nipples than humans on earth
there are also more technical than there
are humans and I hover yeah see you I'm
just I'm sure that there's more men have
I got end of that that that is the Rose
a great series I'd like to seen it
touching right outfit I should right
well I'm going to end it there a bunch
of Josh is going to try and carry on do
a screaming do me do me do a heads of
tower to do the outro I'm not yet its
head something something to that I meant
if it's heads use like the video if it's
towers you subscribe to me sure yeah yes
a lot of it video but anyway I will
just as links rather tribes in the
description make sure you subscribe over
there thank you guys watching Maine
Justin I'm Series B you happy
you
