today could be the day that this series
actually comes to an end if we win both
games today we're in Division one now
obviously we would still have an extra
game or two to get the title but we are
in Division one and effectively this
series will come to an end it'll be live
streams completely - make sure you
subscribe to the channel to know when it
is out also I will tweet the out so you
can check out my Twitter as well mini
missiles easy plug now the teams looking
like this obviously you notice things
this empty space now we bought who's our
guy I walk up and the top comment was to
sell all the players I don't use like
Woollcott like company Mustafi all of
that and while my bench is so brung
filled and it was also to buy team in a
season Alonzo now if we go to our
transfers I think you'll find that we
have sold as Marez a silk Azusa Walcott
Cassini open an old company cuz all of a
sudden I don't get more equal so we have
three hundred and seventy two thousand
coins and Alonzo is the place I went to
buy that 370 we could just buy that one
right there but so these are the
cheapest ones two fifty two fifty two
forty two thirty nine so let's just go
with that one although saying that he is
probably going to get sold for a lot
cheaper you know what what harm is there
we're going to put a bid of 150 on this
one and then if we get him then we've
just saved like a hundred grand the
issue is now we are going to go into a
game so I don't know what to do I'll
tell you what I will be back in 12
minutes to see if we get him I'll keep
bidding until about what I may as well
just go to 2:39 hopefully we'll get it
we'll find out now okay so come on focus
on me and boom beautiful running three
seconds left and it's storming up now so
I think there's two people bidding on
this it from 213,000 I'm going to I'm
going to jump in in the last like ten
okay - engine force you know what let's
just show that I mean business has got
like 4k we said 239 is what we're
willing to spend because I can literally
just buy one for 239 but every coin
counts right now 235 I think we'll stop
we have to stop it like 238 don't meet
to study or - 39
we go to 39 skip forward 10 seconds we
got it dude 35 we said like four slaps I
wasn't worth it at all we still 130 K
which is good and we have an Alonso to
settle these like 75 K so we list him
and then hopefully if he sells by the
end of today we have over 200 thousand
coins again our team is three teams of
the season
and a legend for the defense I don't
know how we're going to make this better
there's literally we get what CMC's
Amarna bar from that or we get the
ninety rate informed son and the team of
the season to hail that's about it now
the most important thing is this table
six games remaining we need two wins to
get promotion to Division was the Holy
Land I've genuinely been worrying about
this for like the last couple days
thinking if I lose both games in the
next episode I might cry because then
I'm down to four games and I still have
to win two I just need to win at least
one today right we're playing against
sporting a hard-on oh my he's a serious
player who freakin read cards and all
the squad builder challenge players that
purple some the purple Lukaku and purple
deli alley those three are my
arch-nemesis a two-faced probably look
at my team like oh my god he thought all
of this time to try my bloody hardest
one of the hardest game I've had in a
while don't they go you know what bang I
was hoping for the rebound and he could
it is one day come on I wasn't open for
the rebound for him but I mean I will
take that yum yum tasty it's my new
catchphrase
yum yum tasty and out there you go lamb
off sanchez bull that should have been -
I should be - nail art is going to lay
it off yeah and then watch it watch it
watch the middle what's the middle of
seen son oh no no good safety hail
he's not the best foot chance players in
Division two less he doesn't play come
on run money
run that's a beautiful ball you know
what it's Marnie Marnie Shoji Marnie -
mom that's a girl that's his goal this
oh my god he could have scored he should
be it should be two one two no no no no
no no please please block oh good catch
the hair pretty damn good like toss it
one more finesse
boom oh that deflections I should have
taken in pump boom pop boom boom oh he
got the strike and a half there you go
solid half - deal up we deserve it at
the moment I'm just here to try and win
I'm not really focusing on stats right
now I send me a message Simon love your
content bro watch four years I send some
love hearts kind it's a friendly game
this one unless he beats me if he beats
me he ain't a fan oh no no no no no no
son oh he didn't get the bounce I got no
limitation you know really pogba you
want to just go invisible for a second
school if you want that
your power cool I don't know what to do
he has so much momentum on him right now
that's not to me is it that's not to me
I've just taken myself out what what
what oh this is too tense
come on that's a ball that's a bull hold
him up I'll take a corner I will take a
corner at this thing anything that is
away from my goal I will take one city
kid what did he even give the issues I
don't have any like good subs now that
we saw everyone I have no one to change
yes yes yes what is that for a path
Alonso you did well to get back hold him
off how would you getting away with this
stuff tell you what guys I have no
defense here he is all over me that's
fine it's fine it's fine Shirley 90th
minute we've done it we must have done
it that's it we break it one of fun
during what time we could be promoted in
the next game hazard with a man of a
match we got two goals that's just too
soon normal packs really we dropped some
a gg he deserves the TT oh you see this
guy absolute legend I'm five wins one
more win and we're in Division one we
have five games to get one win or three
points three tools you know what I'm
gonna just go to these I know I'm just
gonna open two of these bad boys we may
as well just go for the all of these
just try and get as many coins as we can
this series is coming to an end I mean
we're not getting anything anyway so
140k is what we have small pause not
good not good
we have 140,000 coins we can't really
sell any of this stuff so we're going in
for the final game of today but if we do
win obviously we'll still have another
episode because I'll be the promotion
and ending episode before the livestream
let's just go let's go just a good serie
a team just it's just a solid theory a
team which probably means he's a bit
better he's here on his merit not the
team I'd be happy with a draw but I'd be
very very unhappy if I lost well at rest
that's a yellow that is a yellow and a
half I don't know what a half yellow is
may get really nice paint off this game
this is bad this is much better the door
I should have scored that 100% but what
no I should have scored so II I could
have passed it across come on team we
can do this we it doesn't he doesn't
seem to be like he's definitely not the
best player
oh there's just that one last path I
just can't
oh yeah let's go barney is my is anyone
doing anything right now um some know
what whip it into there with into that
area
Oh boom ah good effort now the corner
okay that's the ball that's the ball I
wanted that's the ball boom I took the
side netting moves wrong again freaking
struggling oh look my defense don't know
what to do we just get a hard time
please I don't like that here's the poor
when it's about to be the 45th minute
good solid help I've taken there Neil I
could have scored some I had a hunter
chance early on but I would be happy
with a draw you have another shot though
so maybe I shouldn't be happy with the
drive only at the target one Oh what is
going on focus Simon focus just play
smarter come on get off the pitch get up
a bit get a fit come on please oh good
team boy hasn't in around ok son just
bring it in top corner please you've
missed the grandsons and out finesse so
I could have taken one more touch dying
Lee this way no we're just whippin
balling ain't got time for this boom ok
now I am going to try something else I
won't win two in a row boss finesse are
you mad are you mad yeah because he was
also doesn't go with everyone deal I
don't know what to say that was a very
strange goal but he's mad if there is
control his control is broken that's why
he's not playing or he's sending me a
message probably an angry one this is it
this is it this is what we need to do
this is what we need to do he loves his
little wing play this guy I can tell you
that much
he absolutely loves it but they're not
either I ain't readin it it doesn't how
to deal with it straight to the keeper I
am absolutely shambolic at crossing all
right boom how is that short not just
just do better just do better hunter
that's the only advice happy ok let's
let's stop him please
Oh sugar sugar sugar honey iced tea I'm
struggling I'm really struggling please
kind of our mice but it's 93rd minute
this is it this is promotion or not
laser nippers to submit the keys we've
done
we've done it we've got propulsion
individual won six out of six when I'm
not I'm not doing a full celebration
because we actually haven't got into
division one year I know we are promoted
100% but we haven't got to Division one
like we're not in Division one
so next episodes as long as we win one
game we have the title promoted already
but we we should get the title we have
four games to win one I don't know how
that happened I've just won six out of
six I've struggled to win six games out
of ten that's it that's it for today so
we have one hundred and forty-three
thousand coins next episode I'll play
the amount the games that it takes to
finish the season so if we win our first
game I might just end it there that
might be a short episode but you know
what's coming oh noes bring out the
champagne bring out the big party popper
things far gasp I'm genuinely just right
now so much like an editor thank you
guys for watching let me know what you
want me to do by commenting down below
doctor when I choose saying guys
watching the subscribe to new around
here be sure to follow me on Twitter and
to subscribe so you know when my live
stream is getting live say guys watching
and
