you still rap battle against your bear
or something ah yes then a wild bear
with me you're not a fag you'll be hairy
you're a pussy better scary little no
nipple foe wearing beady eyes looking
like a guy that used to date a Terry
please people note this how did you even
have sex attacks get your pair off and
shoved into pulse
fuck shall beat them do what the fuck
you will put your mother am I the only
one that thinks it's weird that his
penis is just wiggling everywhere is
that a border of that cyber which ones
you reckon calyx is a for you think that
is a porno yeah it hasn't fired up great
view that was they many men to video
Lydia the peanuts wiggling video no
Salinas ring like I will take it I just
go get it
2000 no Ok Go Go please oh wee little
urgent please please be a good legend I
don't care that it's not a blue
we got a freaking legend tell me our 90
races there's only a stick legends it's
on and shit the 86 one beautiful man
welcome to the club I am ecstatic right
now how start off normal and the Bulls
been played oh it's an interesting
prospect oh for another day oh let it
your channel thing all in the mine ah
can i dunk
I can't get down but we go I'm really
we're under it a little bit empty a
island around look look at the wall of
Neil
the fifth foul of the Sun from across
the room okay and then what please give
me something God is alone we got a pro
just reverse it ninety one rated that is
an awful picture I didn't even take your
mighty via to go - screen over there and
stop it
I can end there I don't have sex with
women because they like dick and that
shit get out I could see was the mini
milling Minnie Minnie Minnie Minnie
Minnie Minnie Minnie Ling's
saying that what do you call you earlier
I don't well I am Who I am anything I
call them okay fill it up Rosie that
look alike that way that's a silent
commit well again I don't think plunge
Bob compact would be a I don't think I
really can't
loud on YouTube oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
with dinner
booter name is Italian ah not the good
one but it's still a Blue Bell Lottie
I will take you noisy races still I'm
taking it I'm happy I am it I am happy
with that bellotti welcome to the day I
didn't even register that we just got
Ronaldo and a team of the season in one
pack I was kind of like okay Bellotti is
good and it's a blue we can stop I mean
yeah I can't believe I'm gonna do this
again we're gonna break it run down to
additive diseases yes I'm deaf I can't
hear I can't hear
oh my god that was way too close what is
going on six dollars for a hot dog WTF
Emma it must be born
you think it's fun I think it's like the
star top overall play I have seen the
video and that's correct yes
wait what what's all I mean no don't
that's an expensive what don't don't do
that isn't expensive how big was it
about nine inches can you ensure bu
arm-wrestling the dinosaur
Wow no no no we don't good good good
good
heavy sputters no pop note these get
back in here
well this has a mic bill no all right
like the mine we met
and we back running back and Lieberman
when do you plan on having kids they
hiking I mean I needed girlfriends and I
guess I don't need a girlfriend I could
adopt think of the views family vlogging
channel buying money I've had the idea
that is going to blow up our youtubes
again we're going to adopt a baby
together Sherman I'm not ready for a kid
Manny think of the views think of the
vlogging channel yeah no yeah we can get
rid of it you know once it grows up a
little bit once we've used our frige
it'll go
No okay well I might be a solo vlogging
channel all right well thank you anyway
you need to tell you this cheese grate
is aa a heavy drinker for him this is
the patient yeah
as you see million over here is a raging
alcoholic
I had a funniest outfit you have shit
they don't like this just show us yeah
someone they call me that bad really
mmm really just look please please
please please
very good still but this is only for the
big 493 Carrasco he is an insane player
this is only for the top form we don't
get them that doesn't get pop crap oh
gee ah a meal anyone actually put bids
on him that note no one can afford him
because they've spent too much money on
the plaque so far but we've got one yo
they're fairly simple getting those
points on board
oh but how is perfectly sized bed work
Oh Vic I'm stadium selfies on for
another of owner it's got another five
but because I'm a Mac oh no oh not
really much do it unless we have colors
well that's how your room what are you
doing is OB hanging out leaving anyway
okay you can have this back thank you
should happen again the rest of the room
of the toilet amalgams come on fuckers
laugh at David wrote that was not Phil
I'm gonna study - this is live way and
like our other
or smells
without a beluga which october 21 by one
night please blue just finally another
bloom
oh go how good is he ninety so we got 92
rainfall cow I will take that all day
our day
this is just I'm a bee oh please you
know you guys have to quit you have to
put I refuse me you have to quit you
just love yet the you doesn't sell that
music
that silent Allah to it but he wasn't
using regular whoo-whoo-whoo and it
wasn't there on his way it was an onion
ring and he was doing it around his dick
and cow will probe the Seidman and
placed another onion ring on his dick
what what are you doing
but I liked it so I put a ring on it
bitch get out the way
seriously sharp serious
blue also be the same but I don't be the
same guy be a rabid forever at 95 mad my
head became mad
what is your favorite thing to do in a
bar
Oh crashing whoa man mm-hmm
God let my life we've got a blog wait
nitrated thank you write this oh my god
I'm lost
it never normally goes this well I
immediately thought Donald Trump you
think it makes me Donald Trump and Boris
Johnson basic a nice move around the
worst leader I'd rather carry blue
another Brown please please Woolsey they
are 99 traits another one oh my god oh
my - blue 99 pays 94 in Accardi there is
a dog seven minutes 14 eight minutes 16
and 10 minutes 11 yards of porn really I
didn't have a dog myself
Oh 14:16 porn
it is abloom you're great I thought name
or a second that would have been it that
would have been the bad boy every time a
bad point that's where I get another a
special German there broke through
Belgium it did well judo be Belgium Toby
that's German we got the other got we
got to say good it's not better or work
it was the other woman's 94 that's our
fourth blue kind of in like a bad mood
just then for the second oh I have a run
little man period - a second I don't
want to look at my bank off of this I
you know what I'm going to just turn my
phone off in case they phoned me and
they're like I'll siren did you uh did
you spend a lot of money yesterday oh
yes we got a boat
we finally got a blue new kagu what we
did is he no reading is he is an
explosive 94 o 94 rated Lukaku
oh my days what a card 92 please 99
shooting 90 particle money with me I'm
so happy I've spent so much money and I
finally got one
for black to white they haven't heard
you over I'm not shy
I'm happy I don't know why when your
hair looks nappy your hair is blonde
notice why no mind silver and you're the
shy I've got a trim what is that you got
a forehead and it's fat do I do
