yo guys what's up and welcome back to
another not safe for YouTube today is an
extra special guest he has been away for
a while but recently he has released a
new music video called creature which
you can check out in the description but
the day is also a special day because
his new EP space has come out which I
will also leave a link to in the
description below
we have ksi hi JJ
we've had two guests on this before as
you can see behind you Ethan and calyx
they got 12 out of 20 each that's what
you got to be if you want to be top of
the leaderboard a little bit 12 there is
a mix of porn comments and mini mints a
comment some people consider them the
same but you know I'm just I'm just
Thanks so I'm gonna be reading out a
comment and then you have to figure out
whether it is either of those comment
are you ready
you hit me I wonder what flowers they
are maybe some crossbreed of sunflowers
I don't like how dark toned it is though
brings like a depressing tone like
something you would give it a funeral
once that's a comment that is a comment
you're going for falling overboard so
that's a bold call for your first
question but you're correct wow that is
a porn comment well why are you
commenting on a porn video oh you're in
for a real shock if you think that's
weird four minutes fifty damn those
socks are clean I'd probably say that
that's one of your videos I mean do I
wear socks that often and I am wearing
soaked right now and they do gonna look
quite clean no the bottom half for like
the top wall so you're gonna go with
that you're going with that logic yes
this is going really well surely they're
gonna be like Oh his socks though six
dollars for a hot dog WTF it must it
must be porn you think it's porn I think
it's like the startup of wall play I
have seen the video and that's correct
yeah
wait what so I mean no--don't expensive
is expensive how big was it about nine
inches give me a white Christmas and I
don't mean the snow that is a mini
Minter comment from unicorn
there was a young lady named Stoia and
porn sites were her employer if I had a
shot with a girl half his heart believe
me I would destroy a classic Limerick
Larry
porn porn that was a very very quick
bold shout was born it was porn yeah
they
well actually four of these these rats
but uh no way I decided with this one
this is the best one oh four out of five
is that better than they were on your
doing much better than that I mean it's
not because I was a lot born he sounds
like Stewie from Family Gardens but
sound like I sound like Stewie from
Family Guy what are they talking about
someone else in my video that's what I
mean I think it's for me off I think
it's a porn comedy and that's a phone
company that's a really things but
someone's gonna be there I don't know oh
my god
why should I buy goat simulator for
$4.99 when I can watch it here I really
don't want that to be born so I'm going
to say for the sake of your eyes that's
a really windy common it does include my
second channel to be fair but that is
poor what's go Paul not me
I had no I didn't watch this clear it up
this isn't how did you get the comment
um so four out of seven commercial break
okay number eight fucking hell that was
gay I do wonder why I left it was thanks
downtown Downton minecraft
I just think it was a regular feature
video I just think I want him to fuck me
so hard
oMG okay there must be millions of
Cologne I'm very flattered it wasn't but
I'm very flattered thank you I'm doomed
amok goals that would have said that I
mean the last comment was too fucking
hell that was gay maybe it was the
follow on yeah fucking hell that was gay
I want him to fuck me so hard there is a
dog at 7 minutes 14 8 minutes 16 and 10
minutes 11 yo doesn't porn
really I do have a dog
I think my dick just parted thirteen
seven out of 11
who puts a coke bottle that far away on
their desk you'd really have to lean
over those monitors and shit I mean yeah
he looks kind of tall so maybe he has
long arms but still that's hella
impractical for on camera man shaking
his head so you don't wanna go with
Kanpur and that's correct yeah it fit me
so well didn't it he's tall he has long
arms I was so convinced I know oh yeah I
do I do I was like it's just too much
he has nice handwriting I think of my
handwriting mmm tell you I wrote calyx
porn that's just the straight out in so
number 14 I've actually enjoyed this one
and so me I was Loki sad when the hooker
died I liked her idk I know on the last
thing that I've hooked in any of your
videos I'm gonna go video does that make
any sense for them oh right out of 15 so
two more and you're drawing ghoul that's
a nice bathtub
god damn really winter I do have a nice
bath tub you're correct that wasn't on
my video no is a porn what I do this for
at least three hours a day could they be
talking about in a porn video what could
they be talking about waiting three
hours is way too long no you know
they're talking about the porn in the
porn video any mentor really yes what do
you reckon they're talking about I think
they're talking about you doing
something stupid like staring our wall I
want to give you a bonus point but
that's not allowed that is exactly what
my god I could disappoint her so hard
you get it right you are tied for place
porn game porn
well it's correct yes Doughboy one more
and you take the lead there we go grow
why does the toilet guy even care that's
number 19 this to take the lead
be number one I'm not safe to YouTube Oh
drum roll please
we mentor a mentor you're winning
reported for nudity and sexual acts it's
amazing that this filthy trash ends up
on a Christian website like this website
sure they call me a porn which ones you
gonna go for it is a point for me but
you've been very very good it's good
you're number one on the board I would
like that before the next episode thank
you very much JJ for coming on the show
before as I said in the intro his EP is
out today so make sure you check that
out in the description also check out
the music video that's all for today
subscribe if you're new around here
leave a like you enjoyed thanks for
watching and see you
