the sun is shining and displayers to
beat the remix last episode went
swimmingly well we won two out of two
games today I'm gonna try and at least
win one of them I'm obviously gonna try
and ruin both of them but I mean I'm not
holding my breath to win both whoo we
have sold four of the players we only
have one more player to sell it is this
dent on call if 170 thousand coins which
means we can afford someone but the top
comment today save your money and
improve the players you already have so
daheia change him to a team of the
season
Walker chained him to a team of the
season Alonso change him to the team of
the season marnay get him to season and
suddenly inform okay
340 K for him and I can take a while I'd
be able to afford it by the end of the
episode if we play well it's got to get
a lot of packs and Zelda 230 as well so
he's about the same to say he's a tiny
bit cheaper than Walker 370 okay I mean
that's still going to take a long time
to get and the 90 rated informed 373 40
okay yeah he's also gonna take a long
time to get ok we should realistically
be selling stuff while we go but
hopefully by the end of today we could
get Karl Walker Alonso you know
whichever one has the best upgrade I'll
get and again to 125 k-pax so we just
need some goals today at least two wins
last episode if we do the same again
we're safe with safe after four games
alright team one please please oh my god
son as well I mean there's a foot chance
players I mean he's gonna be really good
but he doesn't just have an average read
he has his son ah he's yeah this guy's
already better than all of the players I
played last time while all two of them
why doesn't Marcus Alonso always find
himself in the middle but why are they
here come on come on e my oh I got the
first job come on Ramsar just run oh oh
that didn't make any sense how he
tackled me ah this is a brick intense as
hell game boss in listen cleanser and
what
so just boom one nail up come on Sanchez
Hunter assist boom boom boom boom oh he
didn't flag for a fight I was through if
he wasn't offside but that's a goal I
have no idea what to do I mean I guess I
just inked it there and then we try and
flick it on and then to take a touch for
now
I should have taken a touch in and shot
oh no son through some through some
through oh my he went to that it's a red
Sun you know you never know time waste
that's what I was doing I knew what I
was doing here there we go hard time
solid huh
I mean it's very very close and I don't
know how long I'm going to be able to
hold on for because I felt like as soon
as he scores it's all gonna just turn on
its head
turn in and then turn back ah he's done
well he's done he's done well you know
you got to give it to him when he does
something well wow wow wow wow wow what
no no no way did that go in that boss
shouldn't have made it first of all and
then that finish what what what what
what what um this is where my team has
now gone to suddenly have gone from you
know doing quite well - just being
destroyed and though he's gonna score
any he's going to score there there's
not because I'm blocking everything no
cheeky Go Go on wait no running away I'm
running away why have you paused it well
you're minutes left
you know what I'll make a sub short
marnai I'm sorry you look kind of tired
Walcott's on son you're also gonna come
off for deploying south because such as
come on yeah yeah yeah and then no I
should have brought them back to the
Brawn he was right there once I just and
then you whip up all in take a touch Joe
please oh my god 90th minute that's a
special packing it all right also today
part of us yes we probably did it we are
about sworn win done and against the
foot chance player Sanchez man of the
match well played mate he got one goal
Alonso got the last minute oh my god
listen he's good at people in four games
were safe that we need to wins out of
six games somehow we'll manage to fail X
we won 2-1 and there was a hunter assist
two goals and one of the minutes of 90th
minute so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to only open one normal pack which
is going over one of these bad boys a
15k pack we get nothing we don't get
anything and then I'm gonna wait all 25
minutes you know what I'm gonna just
open them now I was going to wait and
then I still 25 minutes I was like I
taking a risk
let's go baby I'm just going over both
of them I walk out but I'm yeah I just
want to open these to make sure that I
get them open because
I think we've deserved them no walk out
again mad an average flowers like
another 85 rare now that the rest is
quick sold two hundred and eighteen
thousand which means we can and by the
end of this episode we will definitely
be able to afford one the others unless
we don't score a goal now all we need is
one more win and we are safe in the
division already let's go team huh we
got top bins FC he has a one blue okay
oh that's a speedy team that's a speedy
team you know we got we got to be
confident we'd be the last guy his team
was amazing let's go let's go baby
let's just play it around we play smart
get rid get get rid that was cooked that
was further away from the goalkeeper go
turn out boss in um oh there's one has
it that was a nice work goal and that
was a that was another hundred this oh
okay I feel like he's gonna know what
goes place ghost players ghost players
oh okay there you go there you go we got
this is literally straight from his oh
oh oh straight from his crossfire and I
it across bar I don't know how but we've
managed to become this impenetrable
Fortress of Solitude
okay that was my bad what wow wow wow
wow that's has been a goal it should be
to one right now we made it the halftime
we're doing a lot to Neils that school
where he scores one he's going to come
back he's gonna score one and then he
comes back and then he gives another and
then here's another right now it's very
even I feel kind of bad that it's two
newish probably should be to one maybe
even one all always fought on Cuttino
I didn't see who four buckets he knows
now on he is either Menace I don't know
how to get out of this position okay
alright good son
okay now we're even we're even I don't
feel sorry anymore
a little dink loading liquor Oh rest he
kicked me in the face
I don't know foul Oh son but you'll just
put this around him oh we go boom and
lengthy Sanchez sorry near lot if you
can score this he deserves it he's
pretty freaking far out right now so you
deserve it if you can't Bank doesn't
deserve it that was my test like this is
just it I'm doing so well but then okay
nevermind for Neil I'm going to say
something like
this is gonna hobble but no I scored oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god please we went to a tattoo again
today two girls for Sanchez two goals
for hazard to assist for Hunter that's
six packs from this we are safe in
Division two already two wins we need we
could do it next episode technically
which means if we won both games exist
just say we do that would be our last
ever episode because I'm going to just
have one stream live of Division one and
then I'm done I think this through just
because we're coming near the end of the
series anyway I'm going to just say that
we got family Thommo needs we live here
we got four goals in two assists so I'm
just going to open five of these I
shouldn't really be over to any of them
that's why I'm only going to be five
instead of six to what you know it's a
matter reason I'm saying that is because
realistically after these pacts we're
going to open five of them then we can
afford one of the plays I don't know
whether to get cold walk or Alonso we
get an 85 yeah we'll be able to two more
last two of these bad boys seat I don't
even like watching them if there's no
walk out it's kind of ruined it but it's
realistically the best you can get is
like an 85 Dracula 82 or 1985 okay if
the car walkers in 89 I think the one I
have is only 82
whereas Alonso's in 85 and he's 1975
whereas Karl Walker's $7.00 Walker is
the biggest gap Alonzo's 5 - hey is 5
Marni is like 3 and son is 3 so I think
we all get Walker ok - 4 5 that's the
cheapest one graph 2 4 5 car Walker is
in our team we've only got 14 K now even
the seasoned car walk-up mad
look at that that team is mad if you
guys want to let me know what we should
do if you want me to sell de bruyne in
phone company walk or I will because I
don't know how much they're worth it's
like another 50k another 60 70 K and
another like 35 case that's probably
enough to after another episode be able
to afford a longer maybe not the other
stuff do you guys let me know we're
doing well this season we've won four
out of four hasn't happened before in
Division two let's just hope that we can
carry on next episode that's all for
today make sure you guys let me know
what you need to do in the comments
popcorn water on a twos I didn't even
speak english thanks for watching and
subscribe to me around any would like
and see ya
