yokas going on and welcome to a higher
or lower game with a very special guest
I don't think you've ever been on this
channel before it is the other mini or
the YouTube it is many other mini hi
have we ever been any challenge talents
before I don't think so this is a
momentous occasion
hence beautiful occasion why we're
drinking we have recorded one of these
already on mini lads channel which you
can check out in the description so
hence why if I do stutter or anything
like that it is the alcohol talking same
with I'm just saying like a boiler make
sure you check out in the description
what we're going to do is we're both
going to have four lives each and every
time you get one wrong you lose a life
higher or lower game you guys know how
it works I've done it before in this
channel mini lads are you ready so weird
cool amorous I don't like I don't like
it
look I'm really used crate okay I'm told
this is the only excuse we were able to
call each other mini and just confuse
everybody milk it we have to milk it
exactly this weekend okay so you want me
to reverse shop god sure Aurora
823 thousands average monthly searches
let Sasha do you think that is higher or
lower how relevant is usher right now I
just
that's my question I don't remember the
last time I heard Barcia issue here well
hire Khadija celebrity he has a board
with his name one that seems pretty
relevant I've never had a board with my
name on it before god exactly and I
would you have more than a hundred
thousand question and he's already
oh no I sure you let me down
I would have gone higher 100 cents I'm
going with crying royal northern hardest
right wouldn't like her actually for the
day and I am just going to look a little
bit so period it cheese Prague is aa a
heavy drinker to him this is what yeah
sec million over here is a raging
alcoholic Star Wars a 6.1 million versus
Oh fuckin Blue's Clues
ah you noticed in my high school by the
way you like that it's holy shit yeah
that's a good high school I'm gonna go
look at it oh okay it's a lot more I
expected
oh wow this is sign of really difficult
to be the short video that 150 sings the
Jim Carrey higher the lower as Jim
Carrey done anything recently I don't
know but I feel like he's not like Adam
Sandler where no one kind of cares many
many many more dis it like I'm carrying
you know kind of like yeah you just kind
of like start making movies but
everybody still likes them both Adam
Sandler it's like stop stop stop like
it's weirdly true I've never been over
that until just now
I don't know lower because he hasn't
made stuff in a while but you go higher
with uh shoes well I get up ahead yeah
lower Oh ball play ball play ah Jim
Carrey at one point two million versus
Boris Becker
my immediate thought there was I wasn't
paying that much attention to the
pictures I immediately thought Donald
Trump you think it makes me Donald Trump
and Boris Johnson facing a nice move
around worst leader I'd rather carry
good I'm not saying but I'm going though
I'm gonna lower yeah I agree
hey go oh fuck me Maurice Becker with
the 165 thousand the Zika virus Kyle for
lower character Zika virus big Arthur
bola Morty ripped it Adam Sandler in
this video and show two viruses I mean
really advance it downward spiral at
this point kind of phone-a-friend mean
if you look Simon Simon how you doin is
is really really random question for you
okay Boris Becker has a hundred
sixty-five average monthly searches and
my competitor is the Zika virus which
one do you think is higher or lower I'm
on the toilet right now
no idea mmm-hmm
no idea well this has no me don't like
everyday yeah I know you're gonna go
lower I would go lower yes yeah honestly
okay you go lower I know up Oh yo I feel
bad I kind of wanna I kind of want to
know don't feel bad I I brought you into
this my friend brought you into this you
called me a raging alcoholic earlier
somebody that you're just curing my
addiction yeah I see that Qatar Airways
2.7 versus Jeremy Carson higher/lower my
funky you on the oficio Jeremy Clarkson
bore the great city of Los Angeles
Jeremy Clarkson former the anti go
higher right Los Angeles
yeah it's gotta be okay it is populate
some violence
Kevin Adam Curtis is an English
documentary filmmaker I think we decide
to put this well no look going a to go
and Curtis that's 40 thousands of
Sabbath higher or lower I didn't push my
look so remember we're saying last time
does it include words when you search
something else else
oh dear Christ I figure a Black Sabbath
here when I see the Sabbath I think of a
Black Sabbath no but I think it's the
fridge the suburbs I don't think just
Black Sabbath would count I'm gonna go
higher then cuz I mean 40,000 soft white
low this is your you've only got two
lives left
I will go higher get out of my head
Minnie I'm about to pull off the
comeback of the century
okay you think you're gonna pull up to
come back Oh Cheers actually gets really
smooth after a while I mean yeah you
haven't made any noises afterwards oh
there you go if you want to get that
joke go watch mini lads video in the
description so Pink Floyd at 1.2 million
versus Albert Einstein I mean look at
the lamp I said that is that is a lamp
it's gonna be it's a 1946 are it's gotta
be low I think you know what I'm
actually looking at his haircut right
now thinking I could pull it off you
know what I don't think you could I
think I would love to see are you that
caterpillar you could pull off
beautifully I'm gonna go
you wouldn't actually search Albert
Einstein heard of him but that's through
mean talking okay I don't know I'm
helping out here and up but people who
are at school might search and like
study Albert Einstein is why would you
do this well you literally knew I was
going lower and then I'm not going into
the works I'm going lower
oh dude cheers there it is oh we're just
referencing everything from my video
well there you go that's just that's the
way to get everyone over that's how you
do a crossover video you would have
thought this I want to type in Minnie
before in YouTube because they're
looking to you their attack on Minnie
use mini Mincy I'll search him and vice
versa
yeah but thing about it is is there a
type in Minnie and they're going to beat
us to the punch by minions who beat both
of us in the search result of them
looking minions we thought we should
start campaigning against minions you
know keep watching all of our videos so
both of us good people get minions other
search engines I make many great again
I'm going to leave a link to intuitive
description I want everyone's tweet both
of us hashtag make mini great again
exactly we're gonna get this trending
and we're going to be menus with the
epic music playing in the background and
then we'll go to our parents ago mom we
finally did it and she still doesn't
care ah you should still know career
stuff get a real job San Francisco 49ers
had 368,000 I feel like I was like a
political like debate we're standing
over the podium going make many great
again ah we're right to the top of the
search edges we're going to wake up
tomorrow both of us are going about 10
million subs boss I'm gonna go with
basketball higher please Simon yeah okay
yeah shit what 7 though Toronto Maple
itself basketball 2.7 4 million versus
the Toronto Maple Leaf fire lower
Simon's my English side is saying lower
for my connection ID
meuk in 88 my canadian side is saying
higher are you Park Canadian I have a
Canadian passport when who goes to shit
World War 3 I'm moving well table is
because I'm like half English half
Northern Irish I have a UK passport I
can get an Irish passport and coz I was
born in Dubai technique that I could get
Arabian Passport why have you not got
one yet because I feel like I'd be a
little bit out of place the complexion
that I have but I would never believe
you until I see that possible it says
born in to buy all my stuff yeah I was
just like if it's a rambling vlog with
gameplay in the background course with
clicking now welcome to the mini cats I
feel like a sports theme so it will be
like above 1 mil fucking even lower oh
we can't even up of a mil it could be
over Toronto Maple Leaves 550 K its
godfather high or lower it's such a
classic film it is a classic film how do
you think Godfather right I have I've
only seen there's multiple parts right I
like the first one as well ok I'm the
same way it's gotta be higher
you sure buy low I'm really not sure
ever want us with you mini mini boy so I
took really weird calling you many of
them you replied with mini it's like
you're in my head
I'm I'm your conscience but I'm really
here hello Simon
I am your conscience speaking welcome to
the hell out of my pie I've always been
here this is why I'm calling
alright every wire before I think
alright
do I have permission to post spoilers in
here what is it in my V in your video
and depends how many people you want to
go over to your channel so that
parchment card of the video oh here's I
do I'm gonna do a little bit of a shot
just so that supports the first mini
video but one of many my friend Brian so
dies all for the higher or lower game
with mini lad as I said make sure you
check out the video on his channel it
will be in the description below I'm
struggling to talk anyway let's just
grab him certificates me too fuck you
guys don't make you got this okay we're
both this drunk is a killer right now
make sure you subscribe what would you
like me you like me to do your extra for
you you know what we'll take it a line
at a time
well guess I'll give you your first so
if you want to check out million lives
but it is like will be in the
description check out down below don't
forget to subscribe and subscribe while
you're over there and check out the
video we are user sober that's all for
today be sure you neither like it volume
or of this kind of stuff subscribe if
you're new around here thank you guys
for watching and see ya don't forget
about Twitter we're going to make many
great again mush that's made many great
a pretty great again
