all right it's bad although this is
actually blood I did try to dye it
silver but it just didn't really work so
now it's just blonde for a week it won't
be staying this don't worry for those
who hate it for some reason I think it
looks good I think I look like the next
I was gonna say I'm an M but it's more
Machine Gun Kelly as you guys know that
soon ksi or JJ and Joelle are arming a
boxing match so we have a few guests
coming to style our house first of which
is Lachlan I have been chosen to go pick
up Lachlan from the airport I like to
think that it's a privilege but let's be
honest I just got to be the dirty work I
just looked online and I think I'm
already very late the thing that makes
this trip really bad right this screen
is off and it won't turn out I'm so
bored
please we're stuck in traffic the tea of
life but I don't have enough battery to
get home I'm fucked I've just written
I'm sorry Lachlan you're in this with me
we've been saved by has texted me and he
is already there with his bag so yeah I
wait here for like 5-10 minutes and then
I gotta go pick him up and I was going
like 70 on the motorway and I'm pretty
certain I saw a flash don't know if it
was for me or for someone else but if
that is the case then this day sucks man
like wait for it Lachlan you know where
you going but here's your own mug into
the house sure why not a fresh towel for
you and everything you know just service
yes and that's hotel and I get to use
you for clickbait so we're all good what
do you mean he's a little bit messy
you've seen my room before good vibes
you know the sauce like ranch dressing
right I love sir
Rolly Rolly with a that is the slang
challenge he's gonna test me on some
Aussie slang I'm gonna test a Muslim
English slang obviously Australians and
English people have different slang so
we're gonna test each other if you get
it wrong you're gonna be pushed into the
pool we've got five words each we're
gonna test each other and it's really
cold by the way so yeah they're very
hairy yeah okay you wanna go first the
second one two three show one two three
shit which is probably paper scissor
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
link in the description ego okay so I'm
going to say a word from English slang
Lachlan has to guess what the meaning is
and if he doesn't get it
pushed in the poll if he does we swap
over the first word
ping ping watch that guy that's the
chicken thing and it's like it's like a
really good thing
all right follow what I'm using the
second bottle
hello automates the solver we're going
to the word is bun there are two
meanings of this yeah it's like you like
singular idea that one could you please
tell me what st well based on your
channel i assume it's not drugs
what
no it's like you like like you throw it
or you keep your thing or kidding
tell me what is a waitress
okay the next change is the indoor
football challenge I'm gonna take on a
couple challenges downstairs and just
see what I can basically be I've done
this against JJ's Manning and Toby
should be a guaranteed win okay
challenge one chip the ball over that
and in all curl it round up to you you
can do whatever you want it just has to
end up in that goal wait
I didn't go in does that one no okay
challenge to scoring from here if I
actually see it looks quite easy from
this angle what we're seeing is this
okay see that little staircase bit
really throws you off he's not done it
okay challenge three chip over there
into that box I mean do you know I
didn't go out the door all right little
dink in the building oh all that bounce
I thought that bounce was about to do it
oh well take in the building yeah we got
a laugh oh we don't allow follow-ups
where's Burt attempt little dink you
want a slang challenge do one yes I want
that one to one side at some point so
you guys gonna leave a like if you want
to see a decider but yeah that's all
there today as I say make sure you check
out this channel in the description
subscribe were you over there and yeah
peace
you
