it has been a while since I've done a
hunting we will go and we're back today
for another now unfortunately I
accidentally press LT when I was looking
at my trip also we did sell everything
including the informed son which means
we have two hundred thousand coins ivory
listed all of these as well and one of
them is already gone so we should there
we go looking up to two hundred and
forty thousand coins and the top comment
today by Sanchez and drop son into camp
ah but the brains really good okay
Sanchez would be sick though but that's
really annoying I really like the brain
although doesn't do that much for us I
mean it was the top comment so we're
going to have to try it I'm slowly
building the veg again though that's the
issue I'm not presenting anymore so
there obviously is a team of the season
so that's going to be like a mill so
we're not going to be able to afford
that the normal card is only like 40k we
can get it roughly this one is about to
2400 okay well let's not look at a
special card and see what we can get so
his special cards are the 95 and 89 and
91 and a 90 there's a chance we may be
able to get a 90 somewhere
so for 240,000 we can only get this I
think it's worth getting a an informed
sanchez over the normal sanchez
so one ninety one eight nine one nine
seven so one of these two let's have a
quick look all right well you know we'll
just hit our one ball we have sanchez so
whack of Santa's up here and tall then
son do we have the consumables list okay
strike it's setup forward and then set a
forward to cam boom everyone's out of
ten this is this is a sixteen it's a
ridiculously good team they're our promo
packs as well as it's always 125k packs
out and the team of the season out right
now is ridiculous I'm not saying we're
going to get one obviously we're
probably not going to get one it's a
good chance we've just started division
two again with buying fresh I'm feeling
good let's go let me go to games today I
want to win both oh my
saddles under tents all right I mean
under Elevens would have made more sense
you know eleven players but bad for team
it of season four informs silvers
strangely admittedly Vuitton groom was
very easy pack the other two normally
20k strike a little bit more expensive
focus mark I mean mark oh can we please
what the fuck what the hell I hate that
you can't tackle went like they make
tackling stupid alright let's go let's
not live all about not the ball about
play good football all we care about is
good football forward back bang bang and
boom that was a sick goal and it was a
desist for Hunter nice Gold team Marcus
Alonso is playing like as a center mid
why is he that why is he playing cinema
don't hunter hunter I've learned I've
learned to just just shoot that's all I
need to do now I'm getting lucky here
but it's it's working
what's the help money I'm not getting
lucky I didn't mean that obviously oh
yeah he's going to cut back but I'm not
I'm chipping in what son what are you
doing hello hello mate hello have you
done that as he as he stood as he
managed that idly just went to Brian he
just got drop and now he's done that
against me big touch hold him off toss
it and son just son that was all from
kickoff I told you it is bollocks 45th
minute Lukaku Lukaku
that's not pen whoa we're doing up you'd
only have one shiny should not gone in
all right man is getting overtime so it
hazards you know I'm a make us up and
sons also a little bit tight though the
Brian you may still get your chance team
our names be now I'm just going to use
utilized money until he gets fully tired
the hunter six touch bang Pogba Oman it
that's not racist unlucky good effort I
didn't get a proper look okay ah good
defense good defense this isn't this
isn't such great defense this is a good
defense Carrasco Oh gonna carry on how's
the back that's it one more bang it
there you go thank you
where's your back we're up again son
toss it in one more universe the ball
you physically just missed the ball okay
that was a mistake
it was a mistake it was a mistake and
I'm sorry I'm sorry c4 gods please oh
dear a3 b1 I'll see I'll hear Oh Oh
mother
Marcus Alonso hang on bitch hot inside
ha boom boom do special back bitch I do
deserve this game though like genuinely
I'm not just saying that I genuinely
think I do deserve this game yeah thank
you thank you it's done I'm so happy
right now that genuinely a nice man of
the match that's another special fact
plus the goal too special
Sanchez debut goal three special packs
to other goals to normal packs hunter
assists three special packs three normal
packs there's love first three points on
the board
come on we need another one so we get
three normal packs which are these bad
boys
so three 15k packs no walk out
realistically we just want to quick so
everything get coins second pack we get
I mean these tiny slaves they're just
not doing anything coming you know third
and final pack of the normal packs that
is awful no even no I don't I don't even
want to know right now the three promo
pack so I can open one of these bad boys
because there's only two 125 packs
nothing on that all full again 55k low
we're on 69 K okay these two big ones
there we go no walk out see this is the
only issue with that that's 125 K to get
in game up I just got in game off 425 K
man a little bit of bigger flare up like
an 85 oughta be able to 85 Oz right as I
said the coins are more important we
have one hundred and six thousand coins
and I don't really know where we can
improve our team so you guys can choose
come on I said I want to win both and I
meant it I want to win the second game
now here's a hunter Liverpool player oh
god oh god the Battle of the hunters he
can't go against me let's do this let's
break him come on Steve I need to show
him that my hunter is better than his
hunter gone gone early chance early
chance Sanchez
boom one dealer already sent good to
whoever said that good job you know what
King HD blob King HD thank you I can't
hear you bro are you gonna make me
listen aren't you haha now I know I felt
like I have to listen I'm gonna have to
plug this in I know I'm gonna have to
plug in some headphones I can't hear him
at all plate okay can we can I can you
please have a yellow for this now thank
you
you're doing an audiobook 100 cents
you're talking so much you know what
let's put a mic in mic headset you
better start talking is he talking ah
okay yeah yeah pot it back thank you but
I can barely hear you you want to not
make you just you're annoying me you're
annoying me yeah you're really annoying
me are you serious
from stop kissing your teeth it's
disgusting as is what I'll just watch
out for him how is he here
sterling chill this guy isn't good hog
bar but up boom there it is
what's dance
kiss petite that's what I thought there
it is there it is what we stopped not
kissing your teeth broke I had to go
kiss her
don't kiss yourself I mean it's good ass
he's brought I brought on wolcott he
just copies my teeth I'll deal with it
if I lose it's because he put me off
with his kissing his teeth he ain't
saying anything you know come on hazard
hazards having a baller game he's just
lost ball I always say that and then it
fucks up I'll sit down bro sit down sit
down so now what what noise he just made
this is some good play go on
so Jude no I didn't know how to get it
across the advanced to the other players
okay foie gras oh that's are playing in
ball it I don't know where my put my
team went go on go on go on go on this
is the kind of guy I can a hundred
percent imagine saying he deserves to
win after match what the fuck what the
fuck what the fuck all the baby man in
the match Sanchez well played hunter
nine point two goals to special back one
normal pack actually one thing I need to
check no one I need to check player
Racing's hunter his hunter got a seven
point for no gold sake you don't know
how to use hunter I know we're probably
going to end up losing both games next
time but I'm happy for today we get one
of these for the Sanchez goal which
nothing is there's no point in these but
now we get to special place for the
hunter goals 55k packs the biggest yet a
13 yes 30 and we get nothing should we
get Milito you might sell and our final
pack of the day to round off super dupe
I didn't know whether I was gonna sales
gonna see like I don't know
I named in no words no statue of a tree
lay it I believe this means 123,000 coin
but keep let me know where you're made
to do 120 mm coins that's all today
leave a like you guys enjoyed subscribe
if you're new around here which I doubt
you all because this is like episode 73
or something like that but thanks for
watching and see ya
