the biggest team of the season is about
to be out I have the plenty of fever
points most likely going to buy more
really quickly before the PAX come out
there's two 125k packed I'm hoping that
this hundred K pipes come out like now
in 55 seconds organizers over knees just
just as you know like a warm up who are
these bad boys no walk out you know this
is just throwing away a bad luck you
know just done Bonaventure er some say
that that is Spanish for good luck
so thirty seconds until the pact
officially come out that's just enough
time for this we get a walk out second
pack in I'm not you know I'm not Oh
we've started with a blue already as I
said it's not the team that we're
looking for I'll take it an 88 the hope
is now we also got Laurie we've got a
walkout as well I guess I'll be back in
a bit
and we're back now there are 100k pack
these are the ones I wanted no no wait
let's try again
there are 100k packs let's freaking
really again I'll start on a walk out
all right here we got a hundred came
back we're out and it only took like the
seven pack hips up is that good or
Purple's out so we got rights and a
purple we got a walkout and a purple
torres and right all right wow these are
going there's already four thousand of
God the 100k packs other packs that
people actually want to pack a lot open
because they're the ones you get the
Blues in apparently and I'm getting
absolutely nothing I got royce in the
purple i want to get a blue because if
you get a blue now you know that it's
good we get PK beautiful man goes to
Harvard like legit anyone you get is
sick
the worst one you get is like Marcelo ah
give me a walk out oh no okay okay cool
please oh good we're gonna legit please
please be good legend I don't care that
it's not a blue we got a pretty legend
Delphine our nice races there's only a
sick legend and so on I'm sure the 86
one beautiful man welcome to the club I
am ecstatic right now although now we're
going to sit here for another like 10
minutes while I don't get another walk
out on tour we don't even get informed
anymore if we get a blue I may have to
work out a little you know we know that
seemed weird I met one of these bad boys
okay come on come on give me another
walk out we're just going through these
for nothing right now come on
13,000 oh oh oh okay I have been saying
that we haven't got any informed and we
get to
want that yeah see Alistair see Neve got
90 base the main thing is we want the
blues I don't know if I want to spend
more than this
I had 90,000 fever points at the start
what have I got to show for it I got a
pretty average blue at the start and
then I've got a legend that's about it
someone here come on bless me bless me
bless me no oh I really thought I was
going to be one Oh still a walk outside
is what I'll talk hang on a second
go in and Rodriguez we got weed up two
workouts ah now we go into the pit of no
walk out for a while again oh okay
there's 11,000 left
11,000 left only about 10,000 people pie
gave me a freaking blow David Silva is a
decent player don't get me wrong but in
terms of FIFA you ain't worth anything
back to back please please I really want
to do it why love a thing
nice you ready bow it okay 80 dynaread
my apologies I'm sorry I'll still take
it ah but we've only got 13,000 fever
points now we're not I can't see us
getting anything else and I don't know
how much I really want to get more leave
I shouldn't pick this up cause it's bad
luck oh my hand is like twitching since
a twist I'd spread it's going to rubber
in it I'm not saying they're not good
I'm just saying I don't want them I want
to lose oh my god please please please
please please
this is taking the piss know that this
is actually taking the piss
Oh jerk I'm not keeping him get lost
check still 10,000 packs left I know I'm
gonna end up spending more money what am
I going to use I'm going to use my coin
I'm gonna try some coins come on one
more one more walk out in these coins
like or just leave give me another
inform yourself I'm not no I'm not
picking it up damn it
ee ay why why are you doing this to me
bloody egg ye
good yeah we're my bosses give me
frickin messy okay you know what I'm
going to do I'm going to leave these for
like a couple minutes I will get some
more points but while I was waiting for
the hundred K pipes come out they
release the squad building challenge
where you could get an untradable
guaranteed team of the season so I have
five of these so I am guaranteeing five
teams the seasons right now but it's not
just these tubular season is any given C
so they have to be good because if
they're not it's not tradable I don't
want them pack numero uno no walk out
what the hell what that's a big flare I
can't even see your name ignatius ditch
big massive it okay come on please
please please please please oh it's
gonna be like nitrate nitrate okay
that's actually a very deep insult but
I'm not going to use it when am I ever
going to use small out no walk out what
is bit what is going on right now like
what the boys are wise you dancing why
do you know that he's like muslin
balloon ba don't remove do not troll me
I didn't see a flag so he just like show
me the flag please another walk out and
it's all my college songs
nice to raise yeah that's that's great I
know that's better than Marcelo is that
Marcella would fit in a team it's a long
walk up please okay you know what I'm
not we look I think
yeah oh my god is Portuguese I'm happy I
didn't see a Portuguese like I would
have weighed - gasps there's still 9,000
let me go get some more points I'm only
spending another 25k let's G as I know
that there's gonna be hundred 25 capex
and I'm gonna end up hating bus and then
forum I said I wanted informs and now I
take it back oh yeah bait me in as I
said I'll put it is Portuguese bait me
in with a Pepe brilliant that's just
freaking fantastic just rating me we
then get a double ear inform 87 rated
I'm actually I'm um good happy with that
one we're still looking for a blue we're
running our sieve points again I've
opened what like a hundred thousand
hundred and fifteen thousand people
points and what my cuts to show through
and it's just one of those things
look I know and I know it's gonna be a
blue I've added Spanish I'm looking at
it now you maybe wanted to spend coins I
just give you a more walk out toast me
to the edge all my friends are bread
okay we're pretty much done here guys
we're done I don't know if we're gonna
get 15,000 points MIT we should do just
we can literally just afford one more
I'm gonna have zero coins afterwards and
it wasn't even worth it wasn't he
friggin worth it we get Benzema cool
thanks Benzema yeah fuck it I'll be back
why am I doing this I know I'm not gonna
get any blues it's over for me it is
over all I want is a blue because if I
get one blue I know it's good don't give
me a peak unless you're gonna give me a
Shakira - in real life I won't give a
chef up Esau just one blue one blue 500
of God they're probably all hurry I
don't get it I think this is the cursed
account the reason I'm not getting an e
because EA I'm saving up they're going
to give me one amazing one seriously
this isit no they're taking the pits
they're actually taking the base what is
this
give me something good okay we got one
zombie ask your mom please please please
please please
it's bouffant it I can't do this I got a
heart for the heart balls always awful
don't get why why I walk out I got one
walk out in like 30 K people points you
know how bad that is
this is daylight robbery because it's
still daylight out there I need a break
wild art while there was another gap I
went into another five of these bad boys
so we're guaranteeing another five team
of the seasons have to walk out come on
please give me something good please
another flag that I don't care about oh
I'm sorry that's very offensive to a lot
of people out there but you know what I
mean I got one strong again good card
but it's not what I want to add a to
come on what I want to walk out and I'm
real I want one in the current team
coming here you know like a shit version
to me I've made those very arrogant is
why I'm sorry I'd like to shoot most of
him knew that was coming we all knew
that was coming which means he's always
go play back again cause of my Kubo keep
trolling me a keep trolling me I don't
even want to know that's torero oh my
just open another pot I like to walk up
to the first two and I hadn't heard of
either of them and now I'm getting is
that Ritchie playing for new cop Ritchie
and he said okay we'll bring me some
luck we're going to whack a hat on now I
look like a fetus you ain't bringing me
any luck Josh just lame I will happily
sell out and promote your brand right
now if you get me a blue one blue and it
will be a very very shameless plug I'm
just saying just saying you have five
packs remaining for a link in the
description buy packs that's one pack
you want a link in the description you
better get anyone in the next four whore
packs it's a walkout does he want the
link in the description
no he doesn't he doesn't want a link in
the description dog always Courtois
booth one or norisse you know getting is
that okay
LVN link in the description that was
that was the plug I'm doing right there
two more packs ain't happening at all
unlucky you know get them on to it guys
I'm just going to keep spending and I'll
show you the next walkouts like this one
this is a walkout
but it doesn't matter because it ain't
blow why are they not blown hammers
worried
I'm sorry hammers I'm not keeping you
how would you look at that
to walk out the naima listen bro science
I don't care I mean he is 89 rate I
don't know what to do I don't want to
stand any more bodies flurries are not
why okay green ones actually decent I'm
sorry I'm honestly depressed there's so
much money please and this and this why
why why why why can't you just oh yeah
and it's going to troll me isn't it it's
going to show me
I'll just idiots DeMaria get lost see
Maria I'm honest I'm going to punch
myself in the face before I get one
Spanish Seabiscuit leave me alone
I want to show you as any of the pack so
far that I've got it's disgusting how
many packs I've been getting and not
getting anything good we get another ROI
I'm not even I don't I don't care
anymore I don't I don't care when I see
a walkout because I know it's not going
to be in blue I'm losing it I've been
losing it I'm genuinely losing my mind
back to back walk outs oh yes we've got
a poem we finally got a blue no cat good
were eating is he no reading is he is an
explosive 94 o 94 rated Lukaku
oh my days what a card 92 peace 99
shooting 90 parking man I'm so happy
I've spent so much money and I finally
got one and it's Lukaku it's not one of
the shit ones I said they're all good I
lied I completely light and the day
finally thank you guys for watching
leave a like you enjoyed if you want me
to if you really want me to do it again
this has to get a lot of likes so make
sure you leave it like you enjoyed it
then you're subscribed you know around
here and see you
