what's up guys and welcome back to
another episode of not safe for YouTube
Ethan was our first contestant and today
we are back again with calyx Asian I
watch a lot of porn I watch it all your
video I think I'm going for a good child
yeah yeah yeah that's good to know
but these are terrific for morning but
they curated by here they are okay good
luck
all right and you let's see if you can
beat these and score of 12 they're very
professional in this I was going to wear
a blazer but so comment number one is
this from a porn video or a mini mint
the video now some say they are the same
things but anyway am I the only one that
thinks it's weird that his penis is just
wiggling everywhere
is that a border of that cyber which one
do you reckon calyx it's a horror using
that as a point over here
it hasn't tied up great views that were
they many men's a video media the
peanuts wiggling the video iris Salinas
we know who hold this gift I just go get
it yeah little big I hope so I was like
I was struggling to see it this is what
beeping youtubers have come to it's a
format is a border
I think that is the border you know
what's apparently are the goalkeepers in
gold and they gets almost first-timers
box into the whole thing that's
currently happening to me okay so which
one is your the go for I'll get reliable
you do have some signing with it yeah
you've got your first point but it
really moves a video there is one okay
comment number three which is the reply
as well so the comment was why does
white stuff come out with my peanuts
when I touch it now the replies is you I
meant to make a wish and it comes true
probably in country yeah the times in
their country and make a wish so why
does why talk about make a wish come
true yes
Simon video if you're not a final video
yes Callum Callum catalog value I mean
no loves pussy I don't think you'd get
that count on YouTube that was a porn
video
so you've got one out of three okay
I don't have sex with women because they
like dick and that shit get out I could
see why the mini milling Minnie Minnie
Minnie Minnie Minnie Minnie Minter
innings saying that what do you call
your audio oh my ankle anything I call
them fill it up there are these that
look alike that way okay that's a
sliding commit well again I don't think
plunge Bob compact would be a I'll only
matter because it's allowing you to that
Kevin Hart reference mode smiley face
what should have an art references
there's a guy banging somebody goes yeah
what's the miss buck of a nut sure is a
Taemin from a cap really really those
are you finding Cohen your right side of
that Oh out of five this is getting me
almost as hard as my metal Fisher
spinner my boner just means another
thing to spin my spin around like every
time I've gone for a porn comment it's
been porn like every time every time
it's been like the graphic comment it's
been poured I'm getting wrecked before
you guys were born
yeah it's correct yeah three out of six
now stop shaking
I made an account just to comment about
the fart at eight minutes forty since
nobody mentioned it but if they figured
so far it's actually a quiz I called it
porn you think that before no yeah told
you he's stepping up so the four out of
hahaha I'm sorry but American accent
make me cringe for the you must pull
your hair the legend 27 has strike again
converted the YouTube comments
ah is the guy holding the camera having
a stroke now it could be the kind of
stroke that's very rarely you see
someone in a corner holding a camera
that's a YouTube video you don't have to
have seen the guy holding the camera
see you st. Simon yeah it is a funny
video
why don't you try to be very good
I shoved my Raptor cock into that the
account is wrapped the rep it before
that it's a ploy because I thought I'm
adding someone commenting on your video
saying all that you might have been with
a girl or I might have had a dinosaur in
my video
it's a porter support I was before no it
was a porno after his name sad attend
all baby he talks a little bit nerdy
he's attractive I would take him it's
not ever said about you which day yeah
obviously that thing isn't the only
thing I did to you
what's your party video you have some
video yet cow sorry no really
you're correct oh we're on 72nd the next
one this visitor Tuppy again it's the
whole family's up the entire common
it's a whole family for them if you have
a porno for that this is on a video with
Josh and Jesse dad and mum oh yeah it's
a whole family ok yeah 7 out 12 the
other bitch ugly ugly as hell she looks
like monkey donkey ding-dong hunter
looking at but I'd still smash both
though so this is two girls after have
been in your YouTube video and I haven't
even seen you at one so I'm gonna go for
a porno I mean I have no idea back to
that yeah you correctly you are you're
right
the daddy the next one is eight out of
ten would poke a out ten would poke and
Dorothy I could tell you the account
name if you want
yeah the but poker any out ten would
hope the but poker Porter you've got
fallen
yes he's up to nine not another fourteen
on a streak I just squirted all over my
bed is a YouTube video if you dare
observe because you've got you don't do
this I mean
and plans right now it is a YouTube
video it's not that I can you know
attended is it you really want this
advice I swear I'm the only person in
the world who actually likes Brussels
sprouts I think that is a foreign
comment if you have a porn comment don't
get uploaded to Eternity on the for
comment gets all about to do museum is
crumbling Riley and I now sixteen I
didn't know the make-a-wish Foundation
who did this kind of thing oh that could
be either exactly we all that's the fun
of the game is the following
tecna's porno before yeah mr. midget it
is a porno that is on the video Mia
Khalifa popped up and cherry
who else thought he was gabbing in the
thumbnail fishing of a enormous bit on
what kind of addition on this quarter I
thought there is dubbing how do you have
a thumbnail when you that is dubbing
because the only thing boom alright it's
a porno because that's a bad comment now
if you get this wrong yeah you can't be
even it's a photo
I'll answer final answer on it comes
well count you just lost half a million
pounds
he remains all the time with two left
now are you going to draw with Ethan at
the top of the leaderboard
we're going to be below even all that
for a shitty t-shirt could you laughs
where it should be a video
I reckon that to you TV I reckon it's
something to do this identical match I
think you've done unnecessary shop that
about shipping t-shirts thanks girl well
are you sure you're right don't mind me
I'm just waiting for an update that will
hopefully fix the matchmaking bugs in
the infinite warfare beta the final one
if he's going to enjoy it first or is it
going to be technically last in second
place
I reckon that is a for coming be sure to
draw a visa to draw a Lisa for coming
yeah what was some good that you won't
know what you got yeah your final
question obviously we know you've got a
won by winding it way just wasn't enough
did you get it right ting which things
are all those in the first place I'm
singing on the Camelot castle dinner
reception
well done first place well uh what that
is all for not safe for YouTube episode
- thank you very much Cal - being the
second contestant ever and drawing you
in first place any guys don't know who
how is somehow make sure you check them
out in the description you two doing
some daily blogs but I'm still doing it
but then I want to put the video up oh
wow I mean it was in my mm probably not
eh I'm sorry it's not she okay okay Cal
you're doing daily vlogging it goes
looks like and then so I'm going to
close it anyways guys all day make sure
you go and subscribe to cow
take us to watching and zero
