the house is going on top comment as you
could clearly see there is quite a big
comment it is to change a lot
drastically sell every player you don't
use and switch the 4-1-2-1-2 formation
and use this squad boom that's the squad
now I noticed that there is a empty
space in striker that's because the
player you told me to use was striker
Sun we obviously had the left mid Sun
obviously won't fit in that but
unfortunately we don't have enough coins
until we sell him so we've had to you
know we have to just use a Zeus for now
although that's not a bad replacement
that's also until we have enough coins
to get that Sun we're gonna use
Gabrielle hey Zeus and I like it I like
the team we also got a new left back in
inform Alonso I was like a PK then we
got Karl Walker which we already had we
could sell these two players obviously
I'm keeping them for now but those are
the only players were realistically
gonna bring on we sold Becky
oh wait that's 65 K what's gets 10 Kate
Marez the Sun strike a son
hey we could almost afford one of these
ones but why why would we you told me to
get him specifically so we will save up
for him but we need to just sell that
son and it's good no special packs out
right now there's only the 15k packs it
might be by the time we score a goal now
the issue is we need all points in three
games to get safety in this division if
we don't we're back down to the division
three and I really don't want to do
Division three again but we have to win
we have to win one of these games today
Newcastle fan galore no one to watch Mar
Nathan man of the match Kane informed
son ain't gonna be bad boss that was
bars good bar Simon right new formation
obviously we don't know what to expect
from this alright so this guy is another
player that just doesn't actually tackle
near post near post
go on map it that's way too far back
he's gonna throw it they always throw it
to brine plays them in first time
governor is a source I think son would
have scored that one Papa pub boom it
pug boom that's a bit too easy that one
it there's absolutely no space you know
what oh my he didn't slide I'm
completely through yeah here you go his
his his Chuck why is he why is he
shooting from like 40 yards how am I
gonna score oh my god
oh my god okay Zeus
oh the golden even moves and assists for
hunter as well
a beautiful assist lay it off what the
okay I don't even know why I just did I
accidentally did that I meant to lay it
off to the first car to shoot but I
certainly press pass to the other guy
that's a debut debut Gold special black
yeah I don't know if there are special
packs but there's a special pack and an
assist for hunter and no go I didn't
even speak English oh wait no it's still
on my support to him across oh my god
Marnie that touch was awful
Marnie that okay his play just his
player just stopped his goalkeeper from
saving that an atrocious turn look at
this what is that touch but then his
player blocks his goalkeeper there
alright three nil ah just don't do
anything stupid Simon you never know he
may be he may be trolling he may be like
the best player in the world and he's
just trolling seeing how off I can let
me go in one heart before you stop
trying play calm and we can win easy
he's not good oh just play in and is
that another goal there you go for Neil
surely you quit at this point all
they're saying that I do have another 11
minutes two packs would come out oh no
I'm a I'm a wait you know what I'm a
actually wait for the packs I can't I'll
save them for after because that is a
quick which is a special pack we also
get a goal one two three three goals
three those three assists that's a
hunter assist that's four packs to score
Darfur I'm actually confused who scored
our fourth goal so we need one freakin
point I'm gonna just save them all i'ma
save all my packs and just we're gonna
wait until after this game and do all of
at the end I know it's a little bit
different but I'm gonna try it because
right now there aren't anything there
isn't a single special pack so we have
nothing to lose all right well you got
from the average FC with a legend
average gypsy with a legend an 88 pogba
92 heyo make sense I don't know anything
that works mate I don't think that
counts as average FC all right we're in
a game today just a skill pass I think
this is gonna be there's gonna be a more
difficult game we just need a draw
remember I'm not obviously aiming for a
draw I'm just saying that's what we need
oh we've got another attack on there we
get us beautiful oh oh oh okay you're
getting in my way my own team is getting
in my way and hey oh why does it matter
here play like this go on go on
Marcus Marcus you know what you know
what I decided to just go for it I
didn't expect him to use his right foot
oh he didn't expect that turned it he
did yeah but alone so he just dribbled
around a couple of them it was it was a
good play I liked it
there's the near post there's the near
put oh stop that then I do that and then
yeah it was so obvious but I've got jobs
boom hunter with another special back
don't let this slip Simon just don't
lose the blue blue boo boo boom Oh what
no no no no no no papa papa stay the
Ness is real there's the port that's a
shocking Bowl but I've carried on you
know what are the fake shot a bomb there
it is I'm sorry that that is a sweater
yes go back
Gabriela second he hasn't had a shot on
target he is a decent player in terms of
passing it around but it's a shooting
and like taking his chances he ain't
even that good like in terms of you know
defending realistically come on
see look bang possib AK take touch Pinet
okay no no no I would that be his
advantage far side play it in play it
over the top how's it touch head it in
and then boom that would have been a
nice goal like that would have in a just
a nice goal not amazing don't get me
wrong
I'm not gonna start beating myself up
there you go over the top take a touch
I'm bang why does that I don't know
where the touch is always so bad I don't
have to make them do a good touch I can
tell you what he has definitely lost the
plot in terms of like what he's doing
like he's not playing at all like he was
let's go huh Gabrielle I keep saying hey
Brielle because I say hey Zeus you know
what
I've digged it oh I tried it I got a
little bit cocky 1v1 okay and then big
tackle big tackle from hazard they go
think touch but if he's got water fit he
should be mad at the match
Gabrielle hey Zeus maybe we don't even
need Sun well you was there we go we've
won again I don't think we even seen
before new and three-nil we've done well
we have we have stayed in division again
I'm sorry okay we hunters got a goal
that's a special practice
- I mean I'm happy with that we also get
all the coins for staying in the
division and boom seven and a half
thousand coin question is are there
special packs right now oh my god oh my
god what the heck okay well you know
what let's just open okay both all of
that all those five that's the five and
we you'll score I'd say you know what
let's just let's just have a big pie
let's just have a party right now let's
do all five of these and then all five
of those I thought that was a walkout
for a second it's not I mean the main
thing is we're realistically and sell
just all of these straightaway army
number two I told you guys because I
wasn't open in between I'm gonna open
more packs now we need to start getting
more coins we need the Sun so we can if
you want me to buy him I will but if you
want me to get him get higher if you
want me to get him we will nope no walk
out again if we don't get a walk out in
three hundred twenty five two hundred
and all of these no no walk out not even
a good card
no there is no walk out in a hundred key
pack give me something this is a bigger
flare that's like eighty six again
Cavani we get Cavani 325 k-pax jeez what
is going on these packs are awful we
gotta walk out we get walk out this
could be the change in our season we
could get epic the troll Portuguese flag
we get Pepe it's not many coins again
now we have the final pack here we go
I'm not even gonna look I'm not looking
I'm not looking please give me something
good oh no no don't troll me like this
ei well we're up to 230 thousand coins
which you know what that means there is
187 rated for 209 thousand coins and
guys it's done we're down to 22,000
Cowen's but we do have a few players to
sell what gavrio hey Zeus you have
played well for us our club you play ten
games nine goals decent I'm sorry you're
being replaced son welcome to the team
again if we sell the other son we'll be
back up to like 140,000 coins so you can
still let me know you want me to get
teams looking pretty decent right now if
there's any changes you want me to do
let me know in the comments below
top kaijus a guys watching leave a like
he enjoyed subscribes new around here
and see it
