yo guys what's going on now welcome to
another montage now I know some of you
don't like this but okay is a special
day because it's JJ's birthday today so
I want everyone to go say happy birthday
to them on Twitter I will leave a link
to his Twitter down in the description
below
obviously JJ is my oldest friend on
YouTube not age-wise us clearly Josh but
JJ I've known since you know year seven
so been a long time obviously I have a
lot of my channel to him so I should say
Thank You JJ and also happy birthday
hope you have a good day and yet make
sure everyone go to M birthday yeah
enjoy the video who was killed me in a
vision I want this to come off right
okay take it for beautify linger let's
finally some of them are hot
some of them large miles or more in
their circulation only come out I wonder
which one is all our lead on that
because it's all this is wings
it doesn't say hot it says hot Simon
fucking go for this one
not good your grace ha ha that's a good
start
I believe it might be hot oh that was a
very under climactic we eat wings
warming with several ways you can even I
know start living Lily never tasted like
chicken identify so there we go - magic
trick here this is shit - so yeah these
visas is awful you know I'm soon upon ok
yeah I don't even seen this anyway very
hot ones there ha ha ha ha ha ok what
shit holy shit burn yourself burn you
guys you know how I have a PA box so
people send me stuff so I bought you
this because I felt like I shouldn't
give anyone getting presents so I bought
you a present
it's nothing well no I thought yeah it's
nothing no that's yours
ha ha ha I thought that'd be so air and
nutrients trees nothing
ha ha ha ha most likely to who's most
likely to get arrested
ok I think if you both agree on that
who's most likely to be found drunk in
the street only I don't really drink
that much though oh I don't think Oh
my liver is one I do that is it like a
hurry sister or Ethan's mum ah ha ha ha
oh that's a good one Jacob I like that
Ethan's mom just because it season I
think she'd be more crazy man yeah oh oh
hello Harry would be genuinely annoying
to the point where he's been told you
mmm Ethan would be certain of it
everybody good with that if anybody says
anything to you you just gotta touch my
butt - mom yeah city song comeback long
Kid I i I'm a reader Joyce I have two
million subscribers how are you doing
okay this is potentially the weirdest
one out of all of them okay nothing it's
the hardest one it's just the way it is
okay three
ha ha ha boom oh my god big smothered
Jesus crush got fan you can notice that
better than anyone mean here's the
channel with I'll need only she's got a
little Asian sweepable yeah I feel like
a girl this is sober no comment real
gamer
yeah come on I got that boy is oh yeah I
was gonna say Deji which would have been
wrong
great is the world and I was going to
say it was those race they all look the
same little bit I'm not sure about this
video yo so to come yup selfie Fe
sign me up I love breath I think what
displacement oh no I'm so confused
so the PC is working but you're really
loving this I'm loving this oh god we
have a new winner
thanks man anytime bro you're on a real
anyone want to explain what's happening
what's odd
he's never been not cocky because he is
so shot seven plus six is thirteen or
seven plus six are thirteen seven plus
six is thirteen son plus 6 is 13 right
I don't get it what are you doing swim I
got so much swag that the airport don't
even want to check my bag that's not a
CREP oh we are bondable insane crowd and
guidance finally Rick
it's a wiz khalifa lyric and with my
boys I know normal swag the airport only
the tip not bad I'm so disappointed know
how it sounds well there is no I added
it in little bit what I added without
this no one saw nothing lovely oh my god
animating afterwards it's good editing
for summer swagger
what if I had more swag we got put the
form of bombs oh yeah your rules okay
yeah come in what
this Brittany spear mmm I generally just
can't ask pretty obviously you know I
can get you nothing okay that just mean
so I got you this
do you like it I mean it's a tube brush
yeah little silver on the end what let
me see you normally have dick Beth mad
you know how much this pot got my search
and my search history on Amazon now I
literally just get recommended like
pills to make my girth bigger Jesus
who's most likely to kiss a mum don't
look at my ribs very well oh oh but you
know there's no what we meant your pilot
so we're dead
and kill it again and do it again and
kill it again and do it again yeah it is
love again so you make sure you produce
a real rapper will remember us to it is
it
oh right it's crowd Val can I drop you a
call it sticks and stone that was my
fixing stone city crap is rap lyrics you
know I was writing a fat bitch enamored
right right no how is anyone ready for
this alright Wow top corner soft oh yeah
I'm leaving
you live in LA become a bubble skirt
life let's assume you I'm so so me who's
most likely to kiss a guy
no but in you - no no no this year okay
next question they've got who's most
likely to date a fan that's between you
two stop oh shit although the car book
oh my god I'm black I can finally say
Nick oh my god I'm like wait
nobody's I guess
