as I came home celebrate a birthday I'm
back now we had loads of balloons left
and we thought of one way to pop it
don't-don't-don't good English
good happy good so it's fuck them fuck
those pots no please get back in here
well this has a mic bill no all right no
never mind I'll brought back a helium
balloon and I'm gonna try and be funny
hello that David wrote that was not live
without God which October 2015
so it's terms of my first-ever fashion
show okay and I'm the reason I'm wearing
this because my hair is weird and I
don't like it right now but anyway I
went to my first fashion show and it was
cool what kind of weird the main thing
that I took away from it is that I won't
want to eat
so if any of you know where I can get
one of these kind of things let me know
I don't know why I want it order all
these tweet me with a link okay 20 where
I can get it because I will get it and I
will rock the hell out I see you guys
know that right off the last challenge
we have a special surprise
wait no no yes we have a special
surprise that then is going to read out
from behind the camera and you know
really what kind of do you know I don't
know I say well I don't actually know
the stories yeah trance a lot when you
tweet it all knowing and I don't know if
they all know they're good talented son
from across the room and licked his lips
some on the food she crying I'm sure I
mix it live without acted out I got your
varnish don't Brown zero eyes huh wow I
won mine oh yeah we got more packages
and the first one says open on camera
okay that's the first one but try and
film is like a my feet in and also
one-handed alright this is from Hannah
Hubbard oh that's really like nice and
vibrant what a good word vibrant thank
you very much Hannah for both of these
and it's also good to know that you're
feeling a lot better now so yeah glad I
could help I guess somehow another one
being asked to open on camera we yet a
lion ah what's the bacon cotton cat oh
my god how sick is that over chick
magnet I wonder if that worked
oh this looks gross
that their fathers was Zulu so he wasn't
using a regular hula hoop and it wasn't
around his way it was an onion ring and
he was doing it around stick cow broke
the silence and place another onion ring
on his dick
what what are you doing I'm not I liked
it so I put on it now we got a huge
package like my hand is huge and it
takes up that I almost shoved my foot
the reason I say now about my feet by
the way is because so many people
complain like air your feet it grows how
it's my foot this is from Dillon his
channel is that guy gaming oh guys
trying to be healthier now I'm trying to
go to the gym and stop you keep sending
now arms and arm no mini eggs and nerf
guns you're just trying to start a fight
on you right in the forehead next one it
feels like a like a dunce cap or
something I don't know what this is
oh I'm ripped anything I've just opened
the paper making the kangaroos about sex
of the patty what am I talking about
that is from Chelsea it is a book I'm
gonna read it now but that's from
Chelsea and also Zak what is that what
was that noise I don't know if you can
hear that and it is very much
appreciated thank you guys for sending
stuff in I will continue to open
everything and I do read all the letters
and everything I just don't like to read
them on camera wo one day some shallots
for walking home after a bite of Nando's
Simon Says that chicken was really hot
character players not as hot as you
start like do you want to be my
boyfriend started off do you want to be
my boyfriend Simon are looking kal dead
Mia yes he says kal kiss London and they
went home and have bad wild fit the end
and I've got a face but I think is
incredible Thunder yeah I do start
reading this stuff right 2:00 a.m. and
every youtuber and his Nana and the Sun
has started going to the gym I thought
it's probably time I stopped so
beginners start seeing vlogs where I
mention it I've gone to the gym just so
that I you know it's for me so that I
keep saying at the moment it's kind of
like oh yeah now I go to the gym all
over but I never go some side of the day
and hopefully the vlogs
you know me saying okay today I went to
the gym and whatever I hopefully that's
going to keep it up anyways it's like
half two in the morning so I'm going to
stop yeah wow I'm so do you guys love
this oh well that was a mistake but I've
thought about a video sample the daily
guys I've enjoyed I don't really know
what I've shown you but I know it showed
me the bit with the cow so thank you
very much the calc doing that he is
doing daily voltage doesn't check out
our live link to in the description if
you have enjoyed the video as always
make sure you leave a big thumbs up -
Larry makes sense because I've already
used the balloon earlier yeah thanks
leave a thumbs up if you like to
subscribe to know Ronnie like to watch
it and yes the eating challenge thank
you I love this
good product is what it doctor
charges in an original only remember the
classic definitely guilty yes I realize
you know that all
