have any a how do you gonna do this to
me and keep spending all my money and
then you're just keep bringing more
packs out on multi minute seasons and
I'm not even ready
I really thought all that we're gonna go
blue
I don't even know who's in teaming
season right now I think it's serious
I'll Philipp Lahm please we've got a
blown wait nitrated 90 rated I'm lost it
never normally go into this well I'm
gonna now spend a lot of money and not
get anything like I mean look at the
similar season our egg wine man he
better Chiellini a poof one okay I mean
he buries one of the bat players a
bowler or Egwene is the one I want
realistically Palmer Tendo Cheerilee
need my things I walk up all right if
it's gonna walk out we're not like
competing plans largely like an eight
six or eight players I want to give me
in it yeah a six I'm leaning over here
by the way because there's just a lot of
mess in my on my floor like quality you
guys understand like the amount of mess
that now is ah start no thank you
kosgrove a dream it's it Corsica Oh blue
another phone please please ball zdr
nineteen i trace another one oh my god
oh my - blues ninety-nine pays 94 80
Carly two more jumps in a row fight the
last our last time we went we did a
reverse last time it was like normal
walk out blue
give me Marcello I knew it was a newbie
Neymar we all knew it was a pretty name
what are those decent I mean this is
going pretty well you know we're opening
like a couple but then we get another
walk out and the couple and another walk
out a six Lenovo just is where we now
settle for a while we settle for a while
until the end of the workout we wait and
now we get another walk out and there's
another up alone please eighty nine I
mean he's still decent he still fits
into a good team
we need another blue we've got three
already that's like almost as many as I
got last one in the whole pack opening
and I spend quintuple times this I they
slowed right down now we've still got
another 21,000 packs left it's another
walk out it's another freakin flow we
were poor blues these are given out 93r
a trickle nice and tell you what and
they or may not have more of these so if
I managed to get you know the egg
weighing or a chilling anyone's better
than Accardi I will
that way that made it sound like I'm
gonna fuck it we've got a 94 93 and 1989
yeah we got this we got this because no
we don't got this we do got this we need
some inspiration we need a player that's
going to give us some form of
inspiration like coke lenders make some
up I'm going to do coke and then get
good players you know I was about to
like make a joke of me going
let's just stay away from that let's go
back to the pack Oh inform first inform
I it looks about 95 years old but
Griffiths called one more one more blue
I will shove a bag of jellybeans at my
age if there is a blue in the next set
see no blue see I'm fine no jellybeans
going up my asshole today whatever
before you question that no walk outs in
like the last twenty six okay okay we
got two packs remaining of this and then
I'll buy more points because it's no my
walk out what I mean no no blue walk out
we got walk out the Kataria snow
moderate I will take it we've done it
again we started with a blue a walk out
that a no to walk out in a row no wait
we're very good how much would we give
Bobby might be with that coin packs here
we go thought it was going to work I
thought I might have you know a curse on
points I'm gonna buy like two more of
these than I'm going about two points
these these coin packs just a weight I
actually have to buy more points I want
more blues why do I get so many woke up
now where's that iron Robin yeah yeah
yeah yeah I'm gonna just spend all my
money
if I open them the whole hour I don't
even do 125 k-pax because these are the
good ones I can't do another 45 minute I
just need I just need an egg Wayne or
Chiellini
ah I can take my time though I can wait
and see I don't want to look and get
burnt vennett it's time to you know it's
time to take its toll on me now I think
I need another blue they'll pick my
spirit back up cuz my hope is slowly
fading right now I don't want my you
just something just just give me
something to some form of Hope even a
name even if there's one just give me a
player called blue Becky that's not
gonna make me want to stay there's the
walkout we wanted there's a walk out but
don't troll me now you trolled me you
prick controlled me it's gonna be
there's gonna be one of the worst ones
in it it's check I am about to lose my
mind we had our little walk out and it's
open it's such a waste I don't want to
don't want to open any more packs but I
have to uh ones my last one and it's a
walkout
don't tell me with this don't don't
troll me stay go they're trolling me I
might open some 125k facts as well I was
about to say for now that you we're now
no no no it's Pepe please vai just one
more more blue I want to round out to
five it's blue
in five packs I've only got one inform
as well normally I get I like hundreds
of informs I'm not getting one today
well I'm not getting a fifth one today
that was my last one I got where's the
walkout car there's the inform yeah I've
been asking for it that can't be any
good basically it even informal yeah I
like to say that one malala's pack and I
got one of the worst packs we've had in
a while sigelei okay you know what I'll
open a few of the hundred and twenty
five k packs will see I started clearing
up and then I realized oh you know what
if I clear up then then I'm kind of
saying that I'm not gonna get another
blue that's a high rating so I'm not
gonna get one am i let's do this but I
left it there because I was like I if I
leave it dead and that's clearly showing
that I think I'm gonna pop another one
this is it ready egg Wayne give me that
below whoa it's actually blue oh my god
oh my god Oh
I really saw I really really thought it
was actually going to be going don't
even match phase yeah yeah I mean you
think that you think that it's going to
continue to be good the whole time
through Pushkin's I don't care they are
not okay so we're gonna we're gonna have
the same thing as we had last time of
starve quite decent I was not blue in
our second pack but a slow right down
and we'll probably get another blue in a
second and then it will slow right down
and it's done because everyone knows
that there's packs
today's it takes tomorrow there's tax
it's like every day it's every day bro
with that team of the season flow yeah
yeah seriously where are the Blues I'm
not getting any more blows okay we're
only down to like 18k only sell Spanish
ice or Spanish it's a Spanish player a
sort of flags it pops up for like half a
second f√†bregas going
test me give me another walk out just
give me a blow please please please
please please
why do I always drop the bowl I didn't
see hmm oh my god it's check again 25
kpz points you spent way too much today
another walk out I'm not dropping the
Patrol of this tribe freeze there's
another blown fellow we got so low he's
90 rate is 90 rated with rare piece let
me see let me see up 99 page we are I
basically I always put these players
into a team or like strike balls right
now is that ah okay just lend you the EI
you know they're taking the piss a
little bit you just Chuck a little blue
out there that means I've now got six
today
no I'll inform finally at that time our
and Ramsay all right 86 rate BP ll take
it three and a half styles as I said it
is because they were packed every day
bro these do not for me I didn't see a
flag missus Arion that's me I don't want
to in a word I didn't see if like I
didn't explain but it's not a freaking
walk out what is a waka it's not a blows
I notice about I don't want to know I
don't want to know who it is
okay Ramos is the only good one my last
pack with points another inform so okay
Ennis it just sounds theory a player I
want to get one more one more 93 or
above if we get we got 98 equine imagine
you know we can you can dream dreams are
meant to be unattainable otherwise they
wouldn't be dreamed there'd be reality
with deep Sun and this is it this is the
time to get a blue this is the final
blue here's the final one more terminus
I can say goodbye why not give me a list
of good player why not give it why give
me mcian again he's the third player
there and he's the walkout it's just
ridiculous EA just one more blue one
more I'm going to just steam through
these one blinding looking I'm not even
looking at these plaques at AAA then
I'll walk out and I want it is an
in-form I'm skipping it because it
didn't cause one one port just pause for
a second that's an in-form okay I am
looking I lied I'm sitting it's trying
to get one more blue ah here we go here
we go the final rush the final rush to
get a blue and you know what I might not
even show you guys another pack until I
get a blue the next pack I get will be a
blue ah-ha here we go I told you I told
you I'm going to get one
one of them could fly it sticking Laurie
oh I thought I was gonna get a blow I
guess I really gotten no get my hopes up
no excuse oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god we've done
it we've done it in Italian ah not a
good one but it's still a blue then
Lottie I will take you 90 races still
I'm taking it I'm happy I am it I am
happy with that Bilotti welcome to this
I didn't even register that we just got
Ronaldo and a team of the season in one
pack I was kind of like okay bellotti is
good and it's a blue we can stop I mean
yeah I can't believe I'm gonna do this
again we're gonna frickin run out of
attitude Aziza yes I guess I can't hear
I can't hear oh my god I was way too
close what is going on okay so these are
all players that I have packed not today
but this team okay so we packed him we
packed him him him him and him and all
of the subs including a Ronaldo which
that is honestly my best best like
everyone okay when I say that in the
title because I'm doing that because I'm
his views I mean it okay that is
genuinely the best thing I've never got
like you know I've got like Tuesday
we've seen the seasons in one pack but
they weren't that good we're now dough
and a 90 rated is the best pack I think
I may have ever got I'm gonna leave it
there for today guys that's all for
today make sure you leave a like if you
enjoy these let me know what you think
and let me know anything you want to
change or anything like that make sure
you subscribe to do around here thank
you guys watching and see
you
