yo girls I'm here with Chris and we are
at the LG and nano self super match this
is what we're doing today so as I said
Chris and I headed to an LG event for
the release of their new nano cell TV we
took part in a challenge involving two
huge screens which had various points
spread across them which we would then
have to try and hit with football using
various skill shot or random challenges
obviously leading to the highest score
winning there are two places to shoot
from each side which are placed at 60
degrees adjacent to the TV where the
balls are then fed to now why safety
degrees you ask so the new nano cell
screens they're using on one of the
sides allows you to be able see the
screen clearly from any angle meaning
any minus signs next to the number from
this angle of visible where as a
conventional TV won't show it meaning
the conventional side will be much
harder saying that Chris and I kicking
the ball so realistically I mean the
ball could end up anywhere so the
challenge itself we're each going to
have three minutes in total to gather a
score a minute and a half on each side
and whoever gets the highest score
combined from the two sides using the
conventional TV and the nano cell side
wins
that's it I should probably get into the
challenge now you guys listen to me talk
to are still talking chime shot go start
off normal and the balls been played
it's an interesting prospect for a
novice Oh
let your channel thing Saul in the mine
ah I were to go there fairly simple
getting those points all aboard
oh how it does perfectly time 10000 if
I'm steady himself he's on for another
of owner he's got another five that's
cuz I'm a magnet
oh no oh post brother come on I I was
looking too much your would work Khalid
yes alright oh look it's right in that
circle okay hacking sweet oh you have a
two guys nervous I always go on whoa
that's what I am
oh no that's what yes nobody needs
league on Beban house of it kick oh
thank you little oh so I can't interview
icon in space always kept in place
that's nice that's not so much right
you're 20 seconds on the court
20 seconds left first time you feed of
that oh no oh no I made signs up in that
Chris well no I thought oh I don't get B
- OH - early okay head up huh
yeah febre hopefully no you're going for
it oh yeah that Oh
oh you're right back by can you do this
for the side and match them all I've got
there boy board oh come on
Glasgow go round so about the tactic you
seem elated and on the thumbs in your
eyes as well is it anything okay
playing Walter Oh takes the touch he
strikes it to Bradley ah he's a second
Oh - seven think I nicked the outside
that sounds like a Cyberman panel he's
gone Chris have you hit this your score
opinion match for pennies last one
actually clear on pipes I think it's
obvious no you know what application has
only one most thoughtless okay yeah yeah
one two three what hey come on
there's a way to make because that
person really first up after this video
quite a while after when that we
actually recorded it but anything I want
to say a huge thank you to LG for
inviting us down to the event and
putting on everything that is there hope
you guys enjoyed the video you can check
out the new LG nano cell TV that I've
mentioned in the description below also
Chris has done a video on the same thing
but we did a different challenge is it
like a to touch challenge so you can
check that out and the description below
and make sure you subscribe to my over
there
but that's all for the base and make
sure you leave a like if you enjoyed it
subscribe if you do around here that you
got the watch it and see your lighting
Martin I don't care about how many
they pulled a an awesome I don't care
about Malini by gonna quietly if I hide
to the Kebra Nagast I
