just so everyone you don't use a
bronzers on the bench so you get easier
teams ladies and gentlemen presenting
the new team bowl look at we kept one
where we kept we kept one we kept this
kyouda it's get it all we kept saying
because you guys wanted me to bring him
on you know so hazard or son get tired I
can bring them on a little call I do
still need to sell everyone we didn't
start a couple players but new cheaper
8k and Alvers for 11 K so we're up to 87
K and we still have these three why am i
listening to camp rocks is me I end up
with that next one is bring ko Phi Phi I
can't do that okay you know what okay
wait I'm gonna do it yeah
we'll be back soon there you go final
one is what I was waiting for the top
comment so far I am actually recording
this today it went out so obviously
there's not that many likes get to
Division one and then have one attempt
streaming it and that is exactly what
I'm going to do so if we get to Division
one guys it's done we are halfway
through the season we have five games
left we only have eight points if we
double that 16 in that gray area between
you know I could lose a couple and I'm
close to the relegation or I could win
one extra and it's close to promotion I
just need to win one I just need to win
a game let's see if this runs bench
helps you know what that's an incredible
team I don't care that there's two
special cards that team is good this is
going to be horrible please can you just
be awful please please be terrible can
we just chill for a second here no
please
big save you see how hard he hit oh my
god keep up kick what okay know that
what they worked Walcott's on a run you
ain't catching Walcott if you do the
game's biased against bias it's racist
so now claim what that's good you just
stop the attack how's he still
Louisville how's he still got the ball
that's not foul good good okay and that
wasn't the best of all that really
wasn't the best of all he's yeah we all
knew that fake shot was come in facial
stonework broke hazard so I'll take the
corner I'll take anything near post
Sun straight to the hands straight into
the hand
Wolcott left foot wait corner again got
the ball dice the ball that's a ball
no castrates his hands i what no why
would I have passed it there he was so
far outside halftime I'm an idiot I know
I'm an idiot I'm sorry this is
definitely a winnable game as well lame
in play Hunter and put us how is know
you're safe I know it's Nora but come on
one play that ball playable I'm back no
how's he done with them no hunter you
just hunter gave up huh why do I keep
going out where's my keeper come out
did you see that oh my god you guys I'm
actually oh I'm losing to this guy he's
not that good come on de bruyne take
that and bang what's the fight with the
fuck with the bottom why ma'am
click please please please please please
I please put off I will call then the
little dink what are you doing what
avoid huh rap whoa how is he getting
away with this hunters like doing bits
in the middle where I altar attacking me
only of ten minutes we need a win all
that attack we need a got it might
backfire on us horrendously but we need
one for fight some back part in watches
okay you know what finesse it hunts up
what I meant why were you ain't gonna
take it now is he of course he's not
oh my god just go boot it it's over what
bullshit he was so bad I didn't even get
a gold that's how bad it was oh my god
he is toxic that's exactly what he is
toxic I just wanted to win and a draw
this episode because then that would've
put me on twelve points and then I'm
safe go gain - oh come on this guy has a
leave get a leave badge both leave I'm
like oh my whoever this is please just
let me win oh here we go
God deal with Ronaldo Suarez Bruno
saying that I mmm mmm hunter I don't
really know why you shot facing that way
hazard has done bit has it not doing bit
how how do you still got about how's
that works out oh my god this Ronaldo
for now though no no no no no keeps good
muscle and this is going to be as nope
okay we'll take it would think go go go
I keep saying we'll take it I won't take
that I will not take not we're through
it it's not worth it at all I've been
all over this guy like his team is good
when I say his team has good players I
mean mine doesn't mind us as well
obviously that's the ball I want it
that's the ball come on has it wears on
support was my no okay I was too obvious
but I can't really have done much else
there oh this is what we want this is
what we want
you know oh-ho white why why have we
still got this thing on people where it
always goes to the offside player I had
to get attacking because he's 100% on
defensive I can't get a move against him
hunter hasn't done a pass right this
half I'm just saying he hasn't done a
single pass price I'm losing again it
will depend on the day oh my God he's
got an attack because I literally just
no no no no no please please please get
up
get up all of you I know how to do with
this and it's another goal because what
for some reason you start like you just
don't know who I was a view of Sun she
doesn't want to run out and yeah and
here's the next one there's a goal yeah
because he just had team and a season
ran out of no no asshat coming here
haven't even got practice episode if I
don't score a chance it's very very soon
I will lose like I know I will lose
anyway but I will lose horrendously son
why did I shoot wait woke up do Menon
what is that what was that was the most
ridiculous cross from Walcott Oh
canavaro you've just played them onside
yeah kind of power just played him on
side use your pay see anything's I'm
gonna turn in and triple tap boom
why are you much you thinking ahead of
the ball oh my god oh my day I have I
have eight minutes yeah it's over we get
it we get it bro we get it we get it
through it just throw it there my team
has not played well today I know I know
it's obviously me that's lost my team
has not played well and that's it it's
over
well guys this series is so not fun when
I'm losing and I just lost two in a row
two in a row that means next episode is
crucial because if I lose both again
we're relegated I need at least one draw
and then I need a win this whole episode
we've had one pack ok well we get one of
these I really thought there's a frickin
week ago like team of the seeds of
Ronaldo just then who knows now we get
full scale bollocks that's all for today
let me know we have a hundred thousand
coins let me know what you want us to do
I mean if I get relegate of a Cell we'll
play another season or another two
seasons at least to get back because I
need to get to Division one I I will not
end the series before I get to division
one as I said I will have one good
Division one on a livestream at that
will be here let me know we always do
saying God's watching leave a like you
enjoy make sure to subscribe if you do
around here obviously you probably not
know around here because you wouldn't be
just tuning in episode 17 so thanks for
watching and
yeah
