hi guys welcome back to another root of
glory today I am taking on the note
bounce challenge I'm gonna have two
attempts from there each one is let the
path who attacks from the penalty spot -
from there to the area - from the edge
of the center circle or - from the
halfway line for every goal that it goes
in without it bouncing I get another
pack I have pre-recorded this so I don't
know if I'm alright placement to the
penalty spot this should be quite easy
so I should get 4 packs minimum but you
never know with me in one of these
challenges obviously this does get
harder so max 5 + 6 5 6 this is where it
gets difficult to the circle
I appreciate you guys know I can kick it
in from the halfway line hence this clip
I was busy joking on about are you fed
while I look and it's in the back of the
hole
oh sure today we open six packs okay so
the first thing you gonna notice is my
hair is different
I approve accorded to intros so at the
next video I will also have normal hair
and then I have this for this whatever
anyway please just make the comments
about who we should buy next now I'm
fucked okay so we've got the daily
objectives or something I don't know
what we got the store okay we've got
jumbo bronze pack I can't wait
we actually got a okay and we go at the
center mid okay as you saw last episode
we got promoted to division 8 if you
didn't see it then I'm sorry for the
spoiler but you should watch it before
this we own division 8 we just got six
packs which means these silver packs
teams should increase by quite a lot I'm
just hoping that we could get some
English or English League players not
like that I mean we're gonna keep them
all the mum please I need someone like
that we're gonna end up selling back
number three we just need some English
League players like that beavers and the
left okay that was a sick pack there are
some actually good Silver's they
actually could get a good player today
who's that way okay final pack I want to
see how the team progresses after this
because I honestly think the team will
change quite a bit from this may not
probably not this one not really not
really my style I mean we're up to the
fourteen thousand coins pretty much what
top comments a day by Sanchez from Spurs
not Alexi Sanchez Sanchez from Spurs 80
okay
he's only 11 players a to cheat 950 and
he's got seven ninety-nine
I was completed again what are we get
what are we here for that I'll play for
at least 500 coins and then we just got
350 coin a win by at least two goals
that we could get that as well today
let's see our squad sorry mate your
we need to swap him out for this new
centre-back Sanchez lay him there then
we need to get rid of a load of these
players like he's never played and so we
can swap him out this skis I don't know
why this guy kiesza plays at all so
we'll get rid of you bring you in I mean
it's working out well case of people
getting tired we can apply a consumable
to him a solid now okay I think next
guys what we need is maybe a right back
or another striker I started pissing me
off what am I getting a silver gift pack
they're just throwing things at me and I
don't even want them I don't know why I
don't want them because it's just more
coins but it's it's just effort ok
enough talking let's go into a game we
need to win both games today we haven't
lost yet I'm expecting to lose a game
sometime so I don't play much of this
game who wins today we ain't even safe
actually all right let's see what div 8
has in store for us I imagine it's
getting better yeah it's all gold and a
hunch of Khem that's just see this is
what I mean I feel like we could do this
but I like sticking to the one player in
episode all right we need to be careful
I feel like I'm pushing everyone too far
forward man like debut but like debut
gets an assist on his debut Jay Manuel
Thomas won a legend what what keeps Jack
Portland look at him just everyone look
at him and marvel in his brilliance its
Delft Delft he's left for that I believe
there you go there you go boom done
that's all I do if you ain't gonna come
tackle me bro I'm just gonna make some
runs through play it through go Clayman
and dink oh now I dink it I think the
last one with Hurley I would have scored
please don't please don't score I
actually Jerry you ain't scorin pause
Jack Butland broke oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah that's Delphis fault that's
entirely if that's dealt that's not is
that Delft that is Delft that's just
beautiful
like that's beautiful football one more
and he's like then I've ruined his day
and that's what I live for you see that
we all saw that yeah block blocked fam
good off get off lads I mean he's got a
goal it's a little bit tougher than div
ten genuinely worried about div one oh
go on go on place him in walked off what
was that man like Jagielka look at that
look at the composure oh oh oh
ref ped you see me fall over hi all I'm
saying is this left back has actually
been unreal big cross Oh No
know what no way no way no he could have
got a second assist remember guys we do
get a prize if we win by more than by
two girls or more like if you're gonna
pause it just quit there's the ten
minutes left okay no nevermind pass it
pass it
flame through oh why don't they ever run
to the bull and he's actually gonna get
a no he's not no he's not
because Butlins that was a Shh pie at
bay either would wonder where Sam if
you're playing like that oh ah ding with
the hat trick look at this nil ball
really that ball and then the touch dink
it's just beautiful good game GG no re
see you later first three points of the
division though we do need to swap our
team around a little bit people are
start to get tired so we can try out
this new Donny 100 chem stays Jay you're
gonna have to come off though I'm sorry
Jackson you get any chance again babies
on a seven cami it's good enough I
didn't realize this guys what we've
loved that's it game to calm please
squad more like mind please oh my boys
we may have our first loss sad day the
hell man how am I gonna come up against
the team like that what do they think
I'm gonna do they think I'm gonna
actually win that are you mad he's out
here doing that kind of ball am I really
gonna be playing against a guy like this
keyboard and pass it across
pull it back again what no no I come on
chill well you a my you on my man of the
match last game I know technically you
weren't you know what Jackson oh okay if
you can just dink this over the wall oh
oh that's what we wanted that's how we
do it man light over lit he jumped away
too early even to stop that if you
jumped at the right time this is a big
game we're only in debate and this is
already a big game far side that's a
bull that's up that was such a good ball
man's been watching Shavian Lily Esther
and all of that Danny Rose come here
come here please
Thank You Portland Oh Jackson Oh see
that's where I need Jay Manuel Thomas
he'll let Jackson that's what a Canadian
does that's what a Canadian does best
puts it in the back of the net man like
Jackson really putting his all into this
putting his all in he's set it up oh I
would have given that sister
good half I feel like whoever gets the
next call will win I know I'm too nila I
mean he hasn't had a shot that is a very
very key fact to know and yet I don't
feel confident I don't know what I think
is this team
I think it's literally just his team I
see you take such and finesse that's so
but I should just smashed it but I
didn't think it'll be bouncing like that
man let her--let
boom there's the ball man like Jackson
that's his second of the day
Jackson man but Lee's got a goal in both
games and then whoever's played at that
striker position has got the others
ready bullet rebound the far side pull
it past wait what no did I really do
that
did he really do that trick toss it
please please no I don't want Charlie
Austin to scry I want Jackson to get a
goal there it is two wins out of two
baby but honestly I really thought we
were gonna lose this game I know I
shouldn't do that I know I should just
go into the game like thinking oh I can
win whatever I don't know how Charlie
Austin got that Jackson well played he
had one shot one shot in the whole game
subin's are two if we win the next
episode both games will have got
promotion but then we have to do one
more if so just to win the league unless
we can make the next guys quit okay
that's the one we got win a game by at
least two goals
eight hundred coins you got Drive what's
this low-driven shot alright well we're
getting 500 coins so this is the team
we're actually facing with next game we
this is it because realistically Charlie
Austin's tired so is Sanchez shows chill
well so is Murphy and so's dealt not the
best 87 cam it's actually all right I
mean no one's below a six we only have
one player on a six but we have almost
16,000 coins you guys need to let me
know who to by and say we probably need
to get another sentiment or another
striker or a left or right back that's
probably the best bet some to you guys
let me know who you want us to buy in
the comments now below most like will be
the one I choose as long as is possible
and also it's only one player hey guys
watch it when I get the ball and know
where to fully I'm a
kind of food would eat funny
that's why practice nos Dejan playing at
be mining mining mining I said I'm gonna
eat finally that's what I practice that
I stay I'm playing at P my knee
I said I'm gonna ain't funny I practiced
to a point
