and no team of the season is out and in
fashion of that I am wearing blue I am
drinking a blue drink so it's time to
pack some blues this is the best team in
the season by the way we got messy 99
Ronaldo 99 soir in 97 I just spot
everywhere Neymar 98 Griezmann 95 it's
gone I see 6 J now as you guys know I
normally do the packed when they are in
the lightning round because let me get
125 k-pax and 100 kpa I am going to be
doing that again today but before we do
though it's a little bonus we're just
throwing out these 325 K bags I've timed
it so that hopefully they'll be a
lightning round although it's 50 K packs
or a minor bother just warm up these
don't need to be good just then just
they're just a warm up I'd still want
them to be good but you know what I'm
saying Mike I'm just saying it doesn't
need to be that good so I'm putting some
half-decent get a bad luck out the way
hundred and twenty five K right and I'm
sitting here getting Kane I've seen
people getting you know 81 rated at
their best player
oh no walk out again no Wow an 84 and 85
and now an 84 Nan Goldin 85 9 golden mad
I don't know if I want overpacked
anymore Who am I kidding I'm gonna open
them anyway you know from one of these
and see if it's any good if I get like
an 84 it that's awful I'll give it a
second try although I thought I was a
big enough pause it wasn't right these
are awful we're not open anymore blue
transition blue transition alright this
is the moment of truth I drew k-pax here
we go
ahaha baby 20,000 but Oh import for
galleon a nice rose that was awful I
want walk out I want to lose 9 what do
you mean 9 remits that 20,000 remain as
they're going to go hey what did I open
what is God I don't know what's good is
it a lightning round is it not I don't
know what's happening there is a
lightning round others 19,000 is there
lightning round a lot so I don't know
now is the birthday what am I thinking
my mind is being blown am i opening the
wrong pack I'm gonna go out the store
and come back in well I don't know that
the lightning round or not is the
lightning I'm not getting anything good
though that's the issue you know what
I'm just going to check you use Twitter
okay so that's all I'm gonna on next
pack all right
where are we ultimate pack 125 available
now let Reno ski a treat is that there's
frickin hundred 25k packs out there on
what is it what's going on please just
make your mind up here wherever it's the
walkout is scamming me you're not even
giving me hundred K pack that's what
you're doing
we're currently experienced use there
you go
just run out they've done I must figure
this out okay so Castro is opening packs
and he just got someone where are my
pack everyday just cut me off there we
go
now we got them what is up I don't like
this what like why why what
give me some what is happening this this
is all for it with his lawful yikes no
longer available right which is gonna
have to keep doing this and open we can
get something you can try and give me
out yeah but I'm getting one give it to
me yet it's not even a walk out where
are the walk out walk out it was that
one ah still no walk out I still haven't
got a walk out we got Benzema he should
have been probably should have been that
eighty-seven rate don't walk outs down
now I'm starting to see red instead of
blue this is orange but metaphor still
works one more pack is literally taking
me like a solid minute maybe two minutes
per pack just give me one blue and I can
stop until the next lightning around
I'll be happy oh ah ah so close the
Walker every times that same amount of
pause it's always an 84 85 playoff it's
not the one where is it where is the
blue you can't do this to me I'm friends
who cares ah you can't do this I can't
do this anymore guys guys this has been
my last pack I'm gonna wait until the
hundred and twenty five k-pax I'm
literally inside here for 28 minutes
doing this over and over and over and
over and over you get the idea I'm doing
this over and over again
ah no walk out still fuck this I'm
waiting for 125k back till they fix this
alright I'm back and hopefully so are
the packs let's find out wait oh all
Prime players Pike this could work
there's open a few let's see that's if
we can get if we get anything good we'll
stick with these what oh I don't know
about these I'm really not sure come on
come on eh
come on I'm giving you a chance all you
got to do is show me but you care you
ain't doing it for me bro thought that
was a little pause you know even giving
me like an 85 rate player this isn't
worth it if we get an 84 red player I
will stop 84 that's not even that's not
that could be an 8-quart oh now that's
85 Tom stop in there oh now you want to
give me 125 k-pax huh yeah well guess
what I haven't finished eating so I'm
still going to finish it in while these
open that was awesome put the pork down
before stomach oh my days all of that
Spanish as well
you get a Spanish player you expect
f√†bregas of all the Spanish players to
get you on a blue right now let's not
walk out no I don't mean right now as in
like in general we're going to get a
blue where is a walk out I informed have
I got in before Valero valeri I was so
close
all walk out walk out we'll come on come
on please please please
so walk out in like five pack six packs
or whatever it's the best player in the
world I stand by this moderate is the
best player in the world struggling to
be informed when I say informed I mean
team seasons we've got to walk out so
far I literally bought a hairy stick for
this I don't know what the actual name
is a bought a party can enjoy its what
Harrier will use and these things to get
good players oh my god there hasn't even
a thousand haven't even gone and I'm
almost at a point where are the walk out
we've had to where where the others give
me a walk out you're taking a piece yet
come on please please party cannons how
are you don't be sure Minh W so don't be
alarmed
we got alarmed why I don't get it screw
it we're going to snapchat pack I have
been opening so many packs and I have
got absolutely nothing to prove it
nothing this is trash I'll do the next
one too how many packs I've opened and
I'm getting shit like this what is that
again the cool guy but what is that well
snatch that didn't help yeah go on
just look please please please please
very good still but this is only put a
big 493 correct oh he is an insane
player this is only for the top form we
don't get there and that doesn't get pop
crack oh gee ah
Amil anyone actually put bibs on him
that note no one can afford him cuz
they've spent too much money on the pack
so far but we've got one wait knows not
hold and that's not not like the right
and there wouldn't be this nice ei I
knew you wouldn't do that to me
I knew you would never see Maria walk
out now and have a slow period and have
a dry period right now oh oh we're going
again in form centre back for the cab
who's a taxi driver
you know what this is the last good team
of season so I'm gonna spend a lot on
this and I'm gonna spend a lot when all
of the players are more shit here we go
keep it going Simon come on where you
get tested on your your grit and your
determination to get Blues we've only
got one so far I need another we need
another oh oh okay regardless of being
team in the season or not I will still
take a ninety rating Gareth Bale is
better than some of the Blues
maliciously slurring my words because of
the Red Bull this is why I stopped
drinking it I drink too much when I do
sneeze pack
no-nothing blessed means if Castro still
opening packs slightly not opening them
what am I wasting my money forget Ponte
again Oh idiot I know I know how stupid
I am I just want someone half thief I
just want another blue this is
ridiculous another walkout doesn't mean
it blows
this game isn't CDF its brisket freakin
digested Boyd out of it two in a row I
swear here Balu it's not even a flu it's
not that's a huge flare he doesn't even
play for Man United anymore we got
ebrill at very good cars but he doesn't
even play there and he's not blue we
look 290 rate in walk out at least
they're finally picking up three in a
row was that three in a row biscuits
Ebro it's actually done Maurice I'm not
keeping him either Castro just got blue
and he's complaining
what a dick I like you don't tell them I
said that late Christmas ridiculous Ste
Marie again dima freakin Rio again I
can't dude come on I can't do this guy's
I can't keep doing this we've got so
many walkout it it was it is Buffon we
have so many walk outs now I've been
having impact throughout half an hour
now to an hour thousand we get another
inform you know what I don't want him or
Hamels I want either you let me do the
cat in the room it's a blow and a big
flare doctor walk out to walk out that
amazing actually that's still amazing
that is still a moocher that's do
amazing
he's a 94 rated we've got a 93 and a 90
boy who's walk out please and inform and
moderate and in for moderate know what
moderates can goes out come on Ian
an informant moderate and a blue ah am I
really going to keep opening packs for
the entire our knives so that's so much
money
maybe I should slow down maybe I'd to
make this disseminate video just put 17
mid rolls into I can't do that that's
just that's this ridiculous
oh no using the coin because I want to
spend any more money for now another
walk out go on show me a shit player old
that's a big ass player that was a big
player
gotta be like am informing metal so 86
is an informant I don't want any of them
another inform show me some selects
trenches
alright that's actually a decent one but
we're getting some good walk outs at
least I know yeah my hopes up at all yes
it is a blue just great I thought name
off risk
that would have been it that would have
been the bad boy every term of art went
the swag and a little especial German
there bro blue Belgian divulge of Dobie
Belgium Dobie German we got the other
godforsaken it's not better or worse
he's worse the other woman's 94 that's a
horse blue kind of in like a bad mood
just then for the second no I had my
little man period for a second I don't
want to look at my bank after this you
know what I'm going to just turn my
phone off in case they phoned me in
there like I'll fire them did you or did
you spend a lot of money yesterday yes I
did I mean yes I did we just got commit
again third time I need to slow down
because I'm spending way too much way
too quick very calm why I'm saying calm
cuz even in your workout doesn't mean
anything genuinely the only person
opening me pack 100% no I'm not happy
guy right now I'm not a happy chappy
guys so I get another 90 for blue I will
do that and I get another again I'll
walk out again not blue it's actually
really that it's Spanish ah I believe
Buffon again I've really thought I was
applause I thought was important ex
Walker I get will be a blue I feel I
feel this is I said the next walk out
all the glue open and a muffin flare and
it's gonna be a break in rubbish playoff
level ski cats not rubbish it wasn't
rubbish it was still 90 red we've got
390 rated walkouts today I did say I
wanted another blue and that's not
another blue blue I don't know if you
can see this right now but I can't keep
that still because I have rage like I
have I have so much built-up anger right
now that I'm genuinely twitchy
we got another inform that we actually
like Musa infomercial you guys can tell
how much I've spent on this you guys can
you guys can see like Jen genuinely
genuinely genuinely eh please please
please
honestly what was great a great guy like
you has a little banter oh thank you oh
thank you
Jamie captain team you gotta get these
awful eighty-six rate but we get a
letter blue we're gonna vote oh we
could've thrown eyes that it's one of
the lawyers Ray's not only its 994
so we're not using the stick today I'll
save it eighty nine rated with GWAR
legend we got a blue that's what we
asked for go on give me one more one
more walk out I don't care if it's blue
anymore ei that is our final pack that
it was awful it was truly awful I mean
just today I packed that team it's a
pretty solid base for a team and I mean
talking of the actual players that we
packed we have also packed these guys so
I could put him in there and we could
also put in the cover how we packed
before really want see we could do that
that's another link piece of team that's
100 Kemp right there and that's all
players that we packed throughout team
of season they are teaming seasons plus
what I pack today may now take a one
eight nine squad thank you guys for
watching leave a like if you enjoyed I
would probably only do one more back
over knee for the recipe and season it
we went all the players are out you want
to see that make sure you leave it like
that it's the only thing encouraging me
to do these because I like doing them
but if they don't do well no one enjoys
them I don't know why I'm doing thank
you guys watching and
