yoga's going on and welcome to a brand
new series could not save for YouTube
this is where I test youtubers on their
comments while I feel my comment by
giving them either a comment from a porn
video for my video the first contestants
ever on this series is today and it
shows us the wonderful bazinga
yeah so Ethan how are you feeling about
being and feeling confident
I've seen some mean palm conserve I
might I'm ready did you have a good old
yeah okay well some of these are better
yeah but they are so they get YouTube
comments to it but all of them away
little weird yeah I'm ready we're going
to get straight into it with a very odd
comment okay there are two reason guys
suck dick better than girls as simple as
adolescence we wish we could suck around
here but don't have the dexterity to do
so so we make a promise to ourselves
this if we ever suck a dick we're going
to do it passionately be we straight by
okay this is a porn comment I don't
think about very market know where the
coins is going to be talking about
dexterity of sakya penis well the very
first question ever on this series and
he's right yeah why yeah there's no way
to like James from South answered it
comment about it was Steven do you guys
or the other even talking about
dexterity when sucking cock anyone heard
the ps4 sound when you turned on at one
minute each aggressors okay because this
is this could be YouTube video device
Webber I agree with Paul comment here
because it would be something to focus
and comment about life is you are not
gonna get rises yeah you to commit with
others logos on I don't know
I'm confused if he is having an orgasm
he's constipated xD haha you to go in
this is three YouTube :
what a million trillion for YouTube a
blows out the density given yeah yeah I
just hope you two good energy to point
do this Jade didn't let the comment yet
he liked any it wasn't get it off my
potatoes America does Elise is doing
what he was doing she was your girl
until she saw my digits and passes it
loses very relevant very very very
relevant this is like Jamie 39 on a porn
video thinking hey I'm going to get bird
for the comment to go before I go you
got a bubble right there
I was porn 17 dot old comedy need you
need like a top gear leader for divide
your eyes there is gonna much I'm
looking a bit the top I'm gonna be the
snot you're doing well rubble radical
yeah well this fat is for my grandfather
I've missed you papa but it's so we is
devastated for longer than YouTube they
belong to shit on YouTube
what video d'epinay is what dragon on
the papal there would be anything no
good when it went over these videos me
that was born
now what then again that's what a
Playstation be as I give that please the
walls here have got a nice blend of life
is bluish it's nice to see a spin on the
normal just all white walls but I the
wall of us could really appreciate that
I get this wall sell another temperate
one hour before no man there is a portal
and Emmas from wall island or a ditch
did you know what it is you can inform
comment try to be extra descriptive
about the anger that's better
question 7 does anyone else find the
screaming wrong could perform could be
someone that's not into it and going to
the screaming youtube comment going to
be a lot of FIFA video something now
yeah everyone oh nice video but why
would he just throw the controller like
that you know there's no laughing I love
this one if you get a cool Apple up
we're going to call it double running
the numbers because there's the numbers
even running the nagas they need I'm
going to double I'm going to go to
youtube it was at pussy 69 player
I'm in vain every time but everyone they
ever been phased by anything else at 3
minutes 34 kids that's how people do
oral them out YouTube yeah I'm going off
my baby on game 10 I own six thousand
either stop well omotchama it watch your
chest you don't get your chest down info
integrity poor common no come on okay
well do we move you have no idea the
people of Tama now like five away
topless Simon we're over halfway I'm 13
and I just realized how fucked up I am
is that good you would have found a
video somewhere before
all minutes pong you're going to be
watching weird for a porn these port is
slipping no comment
civil music could have been that one six
you need to get this all right man
halfway yeah I don't think I'm going to
find my son Nemo here what you do also
is going on I'll go get it on right it's
copy for the account was called Marlin
from Nemo it said it was poor yeah I
will try now twelve wrong tackling on
type of over halfway I know but do it
well that Chinese girl can suck my
noodles and play with my sweet and sour
chicken balls it's not many inches tall
looking for yet
I'm going to write in the only one I can
think of when I did the magnitude
challenge with rapper records and makeup
artist I the only one isolated from
their video and fed it is number 14
I tried this with my sister but the only
one who came was the police honky-tonk
to the murchison need you to give stick
you look up are you
I very Devils my god saying that very I
don't know what you gonna meet you I'm
not feeling and looking in what to be
porn it's gonna be gone until it's gone
and then god oh yeah yeah I know that I
knew it I knew it
it's quite a short video it's longer
than the real thing
ah the digital what is all I said using
the mini ones with you you're a boy yeah
so thanks Gabe yes with his mom and his
dad at the same time that is sick mini
mintus he's on a roll yeah yeah we move
into the final for question number 17
you two are so cute I love your voice
you're like an anime character I would
love to see more bits as both of you in
cute undies boy board is good before
politics on a border yes okay there we
go
telling the kittens they're like oh I
know that I did exactly like a job
because suggestion for you that you
think you Gandhi's and I'll be right
back it's so cringy but so much learning
at the same time could be Twinkie porn
bed who's going for missing mini min to
go with many men so Nvidia Delhi is the
currency for bed
no I'm a little insulted that you think
that evens videos are pretty but you are
correct
yeah the odds are but there was a Kris
really mr. Pitt if you've back to a girl
you'll oqk Auto Ginga from her dad which
is a man YouTube :
don't think like Steven alia with drop
upon comments let's using Loki YouTube
comments but it's wrong that was from
the dead air Oh God I've been done by
digit day
okay the final question I started with a
bit of an essay I'm ending with a little
bit of an epic can someone help me my
nephew's birthday party is next weekend
and my sister asked me to cook I have no
idea what's cookin just short people
like chicken nuggets or do they like
Vienna sausage it's keep the dwarfs so I
want to make him feel comfortable no
regular sized hot dogs or chicken
fingers per head kind of makes me sad
any help is appreciated
pause okay so I'm on the minim in two
videos we talk about Vienna sausages or
because the sausage and I don't care
just don't think you're going perform
finishing important suggest to get 12
points and end the first episode not say
for YouTube this should give it away the
vehicle it made it yep reducing cock
yeah we started comment which makes
eastern end on 12 point let's remember
you can have this here you go oh yes
take this the drop and swimsuit I won't
be doing an episode to to let me know in
the comments who you want me to get I
will also be getting a leader board
which Ethan will be top off for now
anyway until we see the next contestant
but it'll play very much being a
contestant or not say for YouTube in
very well yeah everyone make sure you
subscribe to eat them down in the
description below check out all the
videos everything like that you know who
it is and yeah I'll see you guys next
time
