yokas love and welcome to another
hunting we will go this in episode 69
colonic banter anyway we sold Yoshida
Xhaka anti element last time so we have
25,000 coins not too many to be honest
but we also have these players selling
the top comment this week well though
out full it was a buy Ethan's mum she's
on the market no she's not she's not on
the market means we don't really get to
finally one this time a knee up 25,000
coins you can't really increase our team
with that anyway based on how good this
team is there's no improving it with
that little amount of coins the good
news is we played three games we've got
two wins and a draw so if we can do well
today even a win and a draw within 11
points 11 points off the half way that's
22 points up the title you guys need to
let me know firstly what to do with this
team whether you know like less the
comments was so everyone that I'm not
using didn't know what to do about the
whole scenario of getting to Division
one do I say you know we have to win
Division one to end the series because
that probably won't happen or do I say
once we get there we do the livestream
let me know that's what I want the top
going to be about anyway I've talked for
long enough let's go into a game alright
Brazilian Kip's Brazilian bad Jesse oh
he's got one blue I'll know that are
that that's the one you need to win the
tournament for that means he's alright I
see that and I'm like he's won a
tournament wait okay my bad my button
still not my was good I don't think I've
had that button undone since like the
beginning I'm trying to feel like the
collar up looks a bit weird but at the
same time this let me let me try game
with this no I look like I have a really
long net one more Pogba pen we've got a
joke book was blue I just realized we
bought poker at the end of last episode
I mean I would say take it with pogba to
get a special pack but the rule is
hunter takes it and if we school with
hunter we get a special pack anyway
although I'm freaking awful ELISA and
again none there you go
boom just on top one nil at 4 minutes in
if we get a couple goals you might quit
what the hell no drop that went through
- hey alright gone son go on son oh man
like I don't know who that was for you
do you really think you are me why is
trying to run with the loop ah
there's like three of you one in my
tackled myself how did that just happen
out of my own play up all over Luke is
just running riot don't put them off
please good play company thank you for
that so now hazard eyes read that go on
turn out Oh
my I'll be turning it no no no no I will
take half time I don't know what he was
a probably was about score in the dull
game he playing five at the back and the
other CDL shit shit fuck I'm losing I
don't understand
by playing anti-football he's playing
football better than me look at his team
looking his team right now is absolutely
no want to go forward here come on
Walcott where's your face use your face
okay good pulling
yeah he didn't read that ad hunter use
your big ugly head tell you what it was
no no no what it's over he's just gonna
sit defensive now you're meant to be my
friend they were celebrating when I
scored I'm competing wearing yellow why
is it that's why I'm losing I got bad
fan
all right pasta cross Pinet I'll take
the corner I should have taken so many
more touches and finesse kick top corner
so there to no one that was so bad yeah
go on pass it back in
oh he's tried it okay go throw it
forward oh come forward for it please
where are you pause bar there's no one
there that was where pause we should
have been all that attack I have two
goals to score guys I may as well who
cares you know even if we can only get
one it's still another pack in it at the
end of the day who's got yeah he thinks
I'm going to turn back but I know I'm
going to cross it in his other goal his
next goal do khakis don't do it so ah
who would have thought five at the back
blow the whistle now is no one's having
fun don't do this fans to me for one
we've lost that game we can't get off
four points we wanted if we can win the
second game I will take that because
that's still ten points in five games we
only got one goal but it was hunter so
we do get a special pet oh my god we
need to get another hunter pack this
this is we get this one pack now that's
it there's one more hundred 25k pack we
need the hunters go please
it's a decent size flare that's like an
85 86 for the new 87 we get 87 rate play
is at least worth selling another 10k
realistically maybe is the discard value
because you know we get we're now on
44,000 we need another pack we need to
open the other pack but we need to get
another hunter gold it's this and the
fact I'm wearing a watch I never wear a
watch when I do this series and I never
put my color down try on the white kit
for a game bloody fantastic it it I go
keep remembering that my team is
freaking good now all right let's see
what this guy's about using elf
that means not bad Hulk Oh hon top of a
special pack ok we'll take a corner as
long as you didn't get that why are you
pausing it are the last guy sent me a
message as well and unlucky Simon at
least to get one special but you know
what you ain't a fan of the series if
you were a fan of the series you want me
to get to Division one ok there's really
not much here really not much in this
game boom why I didn't go off whoever it
is the replay on that please cause we'll
whips up all in and hop all over to do a
slot that in what the note 98 treated
hazard whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa I'm losing come on play flit Oh
oh shoot dammit hazard run Wolcott run
run run
okay it's gonna it's gonna what's it
what's dude it was he has he done that
to be one of your right to hail honestly
you guys probably think I do this on
purpose like the whole losing thing five
shots zero on target I could have so
easily scored a few of these what is
that part why have you not passed it to
the guy that I told you to pass this the
way he is moving the ball my players
physically can't do it and I have better
players from him yeah well you know
you're all going to Turk we all knew you
are turning in red come on come on
hunter toss it okay done that done well
look why his hazard just controlled that
kind of shot admittedly mine was a
little bit more frantic know what
finesse please
that's the special black as well okay
come on come on we can do this oh the
panic is real we'll take it we'll take
it son are you oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god how has he even got to
that position come on how long do we
have we have like no time whatsoever we
need a goal and layin pass code is gonna
turn out yeah we all know he's going
there push him out push him out white
house he passing it to that go good
right all that attack boom uh hunter are
you all right hunter are you all right
run forward to Brian put up with us
oh my god I feel that I was going and
top corner all right don't blow your
whistle yes
good good good once I go I can eat twice
I found that do fizzle back I see it we
got the last minute draw it's not good
enough when you're losing to new and
like the 80th minute but I will take it
the bro man of the match by Hunter two
goals two special pack so only eight
points after five games that's not good
enough because obviously if we double
that then we're any on sixteen bytes we
can just get one result our way we just
repeat that but change one result into
another win so two special packs I'm
going to putting this one first for the
55k pack this is for one of the hundred
goals and not walk out very average pack
the reason we open that obviously is
because there's only 125 K by please eh
give me another walk out slash blue
please please okay the blue is a blue I
panicked because I was like oh that's a
shame in it but first our dog Nelly hurt
our does is hurt our doe even sell let
me look from her price 20 carats let's
just keep them for now you guys can let
me know what you want to do with it but
we're up to 70 thousand coins again so
that's all what are they don't you got
to watch it and yeah this is absurd $69
k peace
you
