can you ensure bu arm-wrestling the
dinosaur no Dino Dino we go there is the
dinosaur what do you mean who is the
dinosaur the dinosaur is a dinosaur so I
don't know how to ask that look I mean
let's just come out the toilet oh my god
I know did you have a good poop yeah you
had any poop good boy good boy yeah okay
no this is stupid I can't lie to you
guys you want to know who it is
yeah really okay okay take you two off
now it's time to take you off wait
anyway that's not you I think wait is
that
that's me what the hell if you have to
choose one song that would play out loud
when you snap your fingers what would it
be and why go what wait
get out the way seriously sharp serious
baby coos can you think of any answer I
really like the song do you think you're
missing part of your youth because of
doing YouTube I mean did you see what
I'm doing I'm still a child
so no I'm a fully grown man playing with
a dinosaur so no I'm definitely not
missing my youth but if they're anything
I'm extending it you should do a rap
battle against your bear or something
ah yes in a wild bear whistles you're
not a bag over Harry you're a pussy
there's a scary little no nipple foe
wearing beady eyes looking like a guy
that is a date cake Terry please people
know click and if you even have sex that
shit
the farallon's show men because
that's why fuck your bitch zoom what the
fuck do you want your mother you text a
random person and ask him /her for some
news
alright so I'm going to text you I make
Charlie who by play football with and
I'm going to ask him for nude so please
send news and send and now we wait for
some nudes
oh my god ladies and gentlemen the
better news you've ever seen as guy's a
weirdo I'm a link his channel in the
description ok check out Charlie I
wanted to go on his latest video and
comment free the toe ok this because
this is the weirdest nude I've ever
received that not that I receive nudes
anyway go common that was your last
dream about can you recreate it so in
this dream I was basically just sab on
my computer you know minding my own
business I'll make this the short
version for you not all of a sudden
Ironman bursts into the room except when
I say Ironman it was iron man with a
horse's head I don't really know why as
I said it's a dream it's weird so I jump
up and you know luckily I have a gun no
wait it wasn't a gun it was what was it
was a truncheon that's what it was
really for some reason I've now changed
into Robin from Batman and Robin come on
the me and iron man you know we have a
quick battle and I end up killing him
somehow I think that's retention in his
nose or something and then I ended up
celebrating David do that fuck that
did you have sister what we're the
funniest outfit you have so they don't
like this just show us yeah some only
call me that bad really
mmm really
can you dunk yeah can i dunk I can't get
down
did you get any detentions it's so why
this is one of actually my biggest
regrets from school is that I cared way
too much I never received a detention we
have these clean food autumn arts which
were like if you get three you get a
detention I never even received one of
them okay I was so focused on not
getting one that I genuinely may have
been very upset when I even got
threatened with one nothing there were
tears but there were there what is
basically I was a master Percy of school
yes sure chief eat your spinach
I'm not alive kind of become a certain
fidget spinors I have I have like 10 for
these two and this one my favorite what
is your favorite thing to do in a bar
Oh crushing one of them God let my -
just be lightly mortem I don't care
about how many times they will deign all
time I don't care about the little tight
but avoid a cliff I'm idyllic about
negatory
I'm actually gonna do oh don't
icicle my hand over it okay let's move
down
