yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to another hunting we will go today's
top comment apart from this one play
three games half of those no we do it
how we've always done it two games four
episodes okay we're sticking with that
the next top comment which actually
helps get Pogba instead of can't a now
I'm feeling all kind of ways about this
one I could do with this one Pumbaa is a
Jeep well that one's out the window we
can't afford him we can set a few things
to be fair I didn't see a lot of people
saying I should sell some other stuff
well put class enough like 24k hopefully
he goes we'll also put the Le Mans up
for the amount of coin we might be able
to afford him by next episode and
hopefully dani alves as well and there
are a hundred and twenty five k bikes
out I'm so happy right now hunter two
girls today please last episode was a
sad episode we did not make it into
Division one and as I said maybe we
should change the series to be like a
race to Division one not to the top of
Division one but I can't see us a
winning Division one right now if you
want me to let me know in the comments
what my sores are right now or we should
get to Division one that should be the
end of the series and then maybe I could
be one livestream where I have one go
with it if I win then you know it's over
if I don't win then I've given it a good
go we've done it on the live streams
that's the end of it but now we're back
in division so we won our first game
let's go into the game - we're sticking
with the formation I know a few people
said I should change it and I feel like
I should probably know we won our last
game so we're sticking with it we're
gonna lose it again oh you guys told me
not to look at teams either by the way
because I get two panics so I'm not
going to look I'm just going to look
straight down while you guys get to
witness his team and I have no idea
I'm hoping it's bad if he name was from
hopefully he had brothers who knows
let's go no I just fucking sauce that's
ridiculous why it was called bronze well
here goes nothing this will be an
interesting game won't it hunter you
know what no I should have late mother
click Brooke that no how is he how does
he got that much but a little bit of
space a little bit there you go finesse
boom oh here we go here we go we got a
little chance and then yeah then oh
please be a corner thank you oh my god
oh my god hunter why we've already got
out of your goody bag a bag and we're
winning oh here we go
welcome back across no that was enough I
didn't want that pass to go where it did
the first one I've got shot
Spang take a touch outside top we've got
two special bags already oh no no no no
I see that run
I see the run but oh we didn't go for
fight no no no don't lay my vis base
Delhi doesn't go like honestly this is
what he's going to come back and win Oh
God
Oh Shaqiri so try this don't try this
I've got son mate I've got a son well
you got the door so go go hazard go go
you wait no Natalie to front of bitch
45th minute the cheese the cheese oh I
thought he wanted to score an own goal
for me just win the header and it's over
yes it's so good half good half mad I
mean we've already guaranteed ourselves
to 125 k-pax so we deserve it we deserve
to be winning god I feel good right now
I feel so this series is honestly like
the happiest time of my day when I'm
winning well as soon as I start losing I
hate it oh no no no no no no no no he
brought on an art of itch and on
Arthur's Court - he had so many gaps in
his defence and now he's not gonna have
them because he was playing attacking I
understand no no dilly dilly that's not
bad that's not pen good oh no no no no
no no I forgot
yeah something like I don't know how
that has worked this is why this is why
I'm worried so you go there you go there
you go they go oh my days run up run up
right now how is he getting this kind of
space Osbourne is there thank God Oh
Bona Rivera
Oh born oh wow I've really fallen apart
no look like that you see my dad oh my
god oh my god thank you so hey all right
going to brine Vanessa Vanessa it and
pouring that's all we got but you mad
are you are you mad I'm gonna lose now
well I mean I was losing anyway but now
I'm going to lose to that why is using
an alpha bitch he's seen as the right
Yugi no just earlier just all right
right it's time ultra attacking Oh son
you know what I get I'll take a corner
right now
how about that son where you going why'd
you run away can't they can't they prove
why don't me put my do nepos ah yeah he
thinks I'm gonna do that but I'm not
real cause it
yeah we're back three all with eight
minutes left
oh my god I'm going to bribe you're so
strong
do you feel slowly just one final chance
that's a shocking ball and it's over
please there we go I will take draw at
this point I would I will take a draw
and a man of the match the third special
pack so we get three special packs no
assists so we get another normal pack I
think it was kind of even I destroyed
first half but he dishes for a second oh
and would you look at that we sold class
than 31-thousand we're almost upon for
one more we're almost a pug but now this
is for the other goal we scored
that's the 300k it's nothing if not not
special it's okay so you get three
special packs we get one for the hunter
man of the match in two for the hunter
goals so I'm going to open one of these
for the man of the match no walk out an
average flowers like an 83 maybe 85 for
that okay so as I said up to like 100
for K now we have these two special
packs now I do kind of want to save them
for the end of the episode but you know
what some people might skip to the end
of the episode so three two one please
no walk out no walk out that Wow eighty
we got a better player in a 55 k pack
mad that's like another 84 we got better
players in our 55k packs then both of
those we 176 thousand coins now okay
220 we're not far off at all so if we
can sell both those players I think
we're good I'm actually not gonna load
I'm gonna sit like this for a solid 20
seconds alright we're in here we go
let's go possession we start defensive
see what happens it's just the first
time I'm actually used the Watford kick
I think it might be there you go see sue
you sir you know what hunter boom I'll
take it I need to have more faith in
hunt up seeing that but I've missed it I
missed it I missed it
are you are you serious thank you thank
you - hail and there's the first one
nope thank you - hey us that doesn't
count of the past back Hunter's got a
little bit of space but he's played it
back he played it back to the edge
alright play again back again back again
forward turning it and bang it won't
caught you little
melon baths I'd gone come on how to do a
good touch look a touch you know what
bank well turnout bang that's the goal
Thank You Marni there's one pack my name
on it horrible and bang there so we I'm
not letting another leaf slip please II
ain't please yep yep pot now and now
turn out and de bruyne that's that's how
you do it that's how you do it you just
do a little shimmy shimmy shimmy like a
little conga you know a little bit of
Gloria Estevan come in everybody now do
you dance and but you know what I mean
come on everybody now do that sound but
I'm boom go there you go there's a good
half good half ended ah
see I'm happy that the last guy had one
shot one goal and he pulled it back to
three to up he thought three goals this
guy can score three goals score keeps
playing as I was hold on to this lead
especially with a little break like this
from Hazzard senior the back post that's
not about post that's not bang bang bang
for nails done so now I got away with
that because hazard I could kind of pro
shoot that's why sack win it no it was
equip there you go there you go look at
look at the way we're playing we're
playing like monsters we are the mumps
stars from Space Jam de Bruyne is also
running riot that is part of it is just
all of them
oh my walk or honestly running right now
running riot just just I'm just toying
with him run de Bruyne oh so much of it
what is that I took a weird touch up
words and I don't know why seriously
this is this is going to be a riot this
is going to be a riot is that the way
that's not the right word is it no no no
no Marny they're gone paws up but always
done very well he's done he's done very
well but de hey I study even better I
want to make a stop hazards a little bit
hard will bring on his key ever though
yeah the Bruins looking a little bit
side yeah I never mix up why not oh you
missed it Marnie that's it good game
lads good game we've gotta win I'm
something all my pack special face
because you know what that was that when
was that win was a 100th win of the
series hunter man oh man I know it
doesn't have a ball their part he's got
the highest rating I can see you didn't
get a gold mine I got two that's two 15k
pack the special pack any assist to
assist for 15k packs plus a special fact
one 15k Pat and for 55k packs just
because as you can see in the top left a
hundred wins alright now that one's out
the way let's get these four pack
it's an average slur we need something
big we need like even it informed so we
can sell them nothing in that one neck
pack and walk out again
tiny plays I might quick sell the whole
thing you know stuff tiny that small our
players and we've hit 200k final pack of
the days no Walker again a little pause
oh there we go that's the informed we
want it is it someone it's not some
great athletes I may be so we could get
like 12 K for it more we could fit some
you guys let me know let me know in the
comments before we always do we put the
special players there but we are up to
two hundred and seven thousand coins I
think that literally just off Pogba is
actually one for 2/10 we could we can
209 guys there was a top comment I'm
gonna just quick sell like replay is
that I don't use I'm sorry for everyone
that disagreed with this comment but I
just sold a couple like non rare that we
will never ever use and success to 209
one there there is six Almighty
we just got poker guys we have
absolutely no coins left but we have
polled fights that it was the top
comment I had to do it swap message out
I'm sorry message you know getting any
more games on hog but come in for can
say battle madness now how ridiculous is
that king well I don't know how we can
really up this if you don't include
hunter
this team is hitless that's all for
today let me know what you want me to do
I'm happy we finally 100 games but yeah
thank you guys for watching and see
