where we going Josh yeah we Champions
League right oh yeah but first I need to
let you guys know something very
important upload is coming back 27c
winter in another one it's going to be
like twice the size of the last one will
you know like more stage stuff more
people more everything happening we're
doing it even earlier this year as well
so it should be a bit warmer it should
be a lot nicer outside everything we're
doing on the 9th and 10th of September
2017 and this year we have a new
headline sponsor which is Pizza Hut
restaurants which we are very excited to
be working with mainly because we are
doing a huge giveaway which you can find
over on the upload channel which I will
leave a link to in the description you
could also find out how to get your
tickets on there they go on sale on next
Sunday but yeah make sure you check out
that giveaway because it is honestly
worth it and make sure you check out
pizzahut restaurants in the description
as well check out the upload page
everything like that but anyway it is
time to get back to the football
they still do music score prediction go
to choose this one score predictions go
3-1 Real Madrid when others desultory
all aboard the Hogwarts train to two
motherfuckers Wow look at this fancy
train Hey
I've gone back yeah I'm definitely going
back in time now happens when you don't
bring in the right clothes look you able
to be understood Gotham's honor and our
ticket now we go in under their budget
we've always will tell me on the plane
who does it run joy heyday right
if it's a while ago I saw a guy who
could drink the bottle of water in one
second game addict right but this is it
what we go I'm really wet under it I
didn't even empty a hotter alyx look
look at the wall of meal
I was just makin a groupie boy
Oh
I don't know if it says Oh
and that
you
Oh
my god solid all right if you guys
remember I actually have a P o box which
I haven't opened in a while but this is
the last three things of the last thing
that I got the last box full of stuff so
I will be getting more stuff which
obviously you guys are popular sense in
which thank you very much for that but
these are the last three things to go
with this one first the bigger but what
is it it is stop texting me it's me
my that is genuinely amazing and it's
like that's like life-size that is
genuinely life size if not bigger
Chelsea thank you very much like this is
genuinely amazing I let's go with this
tube now oh it's like a scroll hey sorry
Simon hey Simon sorry if this makes no
sense waking up at 6:00 a.m. is actually
painful I never done portrait drawing
into the till now but I hope you like
them mad
that's the one you care about me please
look at me thank you very much Robin
those meds and now the blocks what's in
a fucking box how many times I use that
place
oh jeez come on bzzzzzz please be easy
it's not that's not easy this is from
Jobs channel is numb head this shirt was
mine when I was 7 as I said not sure if
it fit me as a normal t-shirt down for
there that okay this is although I'm
struggling to breathe right now
maybe it's gonna be a sad sad what's
going to become one living one more one
more for one man
no realizes nobody's going about they're
about to come our play
so while ago I got given this right full
of video ideas that I've decided you
know what I'm gonna open and do one
right now look a lot yeah
one-handed right let's go for this one
by let's give you this Wow
drum roll your closet I have too many
t-shirts I need to okay you know what
one day I'm going to get rid of these
very soon okay let's go for another idea
that just go this top one again let's go
for a top one give me the drum well it
says go to Nigeria with Toby and each it
well that's just racist I have help
getting on rope for it that's what this
will have to look at when I had to run
for the Train we're heading home now as
much as I like white spy Josh one does
look like a brain but I say cheese
right they just growl my favorite thing
ever just what do I love it when they do
I love team Eric cock Simon
done what was that
3:17 ignore the background but yeah I
have just got home it has been a mental
day thank you very much to Nissan UK for
taking us to that game it was honestly
unbelievable hope you guys have enjoyed
the vlog I'm sorry that it's been so
random I don't actually know what I put
in because I've only recorded half of it
by this point just to end it off I came
back to a couple packages one a wireless
shutter remote control and also the
headphones that are going to make me
look like this guy when he runs since
I've stopped using this camera because I
look at this instead of that
hey that's what it looks like and I keep
looking here instead of where I should
be looking at the lens
but anyways that is all for today thank
you very much for watching the vlog
hopefully have enjoyed it if you have
make sure you leave a like and smash
that subscribe button if you are new
around here thanks for watching and so
like so many pricks on the road I feel
like I'm countin on something but you
can join the army at 16 a car by car by
the way that song that was just late is
in the description so make sure you
check it out because his album is sick
it was bleh I don't know what something
I've used yet so just make sure you
check it out another lies you guys
there's a small part of me here that is
genuinely obsessed with these things I
want to buy a hundred if I should buy a
hundred for a vlog like this video I
won't spend that much money a hundred
thousand likes this get 100,000 likes I
will start texting me if this video gets
100,000 likes I'll buy a hundred of them
and have them all spinning up one to
kaki will convert keyboard is wait it's
above it as though your model a Cal
lifter shove it haha this is an OCD
nightmare he cannot love anyone who's
ottomans right now gonna hug
ah
