your girl's good welcome to another
black opening there's a hundred thousand
packs out right now I'm hoping to get
some blues that's not a blue as always
this is going to be me painting opening
packs it's the day we actually get some
blues I don't know why I study these
walk out this is it this is it it's a
walk out it's a blue we're gonna blow
three bags in who like mint for Monaco
still what 92
I will take that legal it was silver
Eugene on have a Harry style pack
opening you know where you just get
there blues now I really thought I was
gonna be a walk out a bit yes there we
go it was four pack three four we go
away another five probably boom who's
that those does a big-ass flare we got a
girl my god say more yo I'll take that I
mean it's the same as the last guy just
go it's not blue but Neymar then we wait
it's the repack to the first one now we
wait for PAC to the second one
we're going to wait five so that's one
pack done go on cable wood we got the
orange cattle ones that were too by the
way that was it inform in there as well
I think oh so hot cause we get in every
single color right now which needs a
legend and we're good fatness is back
story you know my theory still stands I
can predict it no walk out that's awful
ah my fairy is ruined
you know what I can edit it okay just
come on putting that in Simon oh ha ha
ha there's a blue again we didn't get
our two Spanish as well I don't care
Camille now I've gotta wait a long time
no I flare like an e6 that leak of all
up a six Lou blue blue blue show me
Devon it no that's what the hell no no
no no no no no no there was a lot to
fair there was a lot of stuff Chiellini
I think there might be an in-form and an
orange I think we get chilly me I don't
reach our about that so we're forms go
in forms had to walk out mad
we got an orange to informs a walk out
Salvio just feel vet Street Vasquez
auntie aleni
my gradually getting good things we do
us have a few bad packs in between them
walk out walk out come on blue blue blue
please please for little Kim that's a
bad wonderful
it's mysterious it's a wonder okay one
of my favorite players in the world I
would like to walk out again that is a
blue or I would just like a blue to be a
legend if you want to all inform to
everyone I have is that the guy that's
already going times 1 that's an orange
the one I've already got I've already
got another inform please don't be one
I've got some ID I haven't but hakuna
matata wonderful face
Hakuna Matata ain't no passing craze any
memories father birthday today
I've already got it that's horrible I'm
sorry we're gonna get something big
we've already got a 92 flu feel like
we're gonna get something big on ei just
one more one more big blue like a 95
that's to inform that was too important
is that why the Prell to know you up
I'll take you some okay we're getting to
informs we haven't got before we need a
war come again it's been a it's been a
bloody while Mike considering how many
Blues there are right now how many walk
out there are I can't believe I haven't
got a blue that isn't a walk out yet I
mean look at this team I got him though
obviously there are few worse one two
three four five as good if not better
over please please please what you
actually get be for real we get DeMaria
he's in the right league and he's not
blue six thousand plaques remain I'm
gonna have to stop after these guys if I
can just get blue I'll end it there and
then I might do some 125 later stay calm
stay calm Simon please we go walk out
please I'm not looking I'm not looking I
don't I don't
okay now I'm gonna take a picture and
then not look please give me something
God isn't alone piccolo just 691 rated
there's an awful picture I didn't even
take you on my TV to go my screen over
there that's it I can end there and
we'll do some under 25s in a bit we'll
go to the hundred 25 caves and we'll see
how many Blues we get there that's it
okay so we're back and hopefully there
are oh there we go
75 styles of view points before we have
I just want to get some blue this is
what okay another info please just be
why I don't know just that I don't have
it Babu what's global something we got
something self boy you know don't worth
using cuz its face but any purples walk
out okay here we go I don't wanna spend
any more money than this this is already
too much just walk out and it's blue
come on 91 Louie parents thoughts big
utterly imparied now we've got a 91 so
either we're gonna get a 93 which I'm
not sure they were even was one or we
need em 89 is gonna be about 90 to 91
you know what I mean oh we're just gonna
go for the big boy 95 so no I said that
so weirdly it's kind of creepy that I
implore II I'm sorry come on give me
give me something I'm saying people like
Reve you know getting three flares that
are all pretty and I'm getting these
there are really little shitty players
I'd say that balls you set up pause well
it does that pause it's shit I used to
think that the more sunlight was in the
background less clouds and a better
player how the load of bollocks
ah seeds into the backpack please bad
pack I think that's a theory that works
you see right you giving me you give me
rubbish now give me rubbish we've had
the initial burst where I got a good
blue I dare walk out I walk out walk out
come on come on please it's not blue hi
why not Belgian ask us why don't
whatever I'm not keeping them this is
bullying but if you're gonna give me
blue I'm gonna be on your side I'm not
on your side that's a big ass flare
though that was a big ass less for us
we got Suarez oh I'll take that over
I'll sit over like an 87 blue
ninety-two Suarez Anna black but Suarez
bad neighbor
I need another blow that's an informed
we'll take an in-form if we haven't got
him we've got you we've got you I think
twice please please please please PLEASE
blue star finally another bloom okay how
good is it nicely so we got 90 Surya
Falcao I will take that all day every
day I'm happy though I'm happy we
finally we finally got another blue I'm
just going to open these books people
point some coins who knows but I'm good
although if we got a third blue eyed
blue yes we got a third blue all don't
be the same guy don't be the same guy
don't be a rhyme in Paris Maggie why
smash my head bitch mad I will take that
we can you know all right we're going to
coins now don't make me waste all of my
coins I can inform if it's an inform we
haven't got we've got you we definitely
got you just one more walk out and the
pack opening is Quentin Orange Doug are
there's only two want no three I go
ahead yeah the new cards like ice walk
up there's the walk out with done boys
we're done
thank you guys the blue is whoa we are
done please please please come on go on
end it French that's not the one house I
don't have him Carrasco someone I got it
we've got a double blow that we don't
have that that is gas now it's not quite
a whole team you know but I thought we
only got five it turns out we got six I
don't know when we got the other one we
got four in 125 KB he didn't worth a
couple more yeah I mean I got some coins
you know we could we get a couple more
you see what happens I'm going to use
these coins for anything else right now
I got a while I can stock up again come
on don't have you I do not have you I'm
pretty certain the odds yeah maybe maybe
please I am wearing shorts to do some
bro I am wearing shorts please come on
give me a good one give me a good one
burns in know I thought it was going to
be Thiago Silva I really
where was he me Oh still sick but I
thought it I thought I was gonna be
Thiago Silva oh oh orange an uninformed
already got you but the inform I do I
have folks okay well we don't need them
ah come on one more one more let walk
out one more cheeky walk out right I'm
done oh we end on an end bomb
very fitting and it is substantive so
we've already gone but that is all for
today we have like a side of a pitch
plus a spare goalkeeper so you know we
could have got five more it would have
been amazing but very unlikely chinos
going left back letting it striker again
but I mean even still how good does this
team looks oh yeah that is all for today
on the pack opening we got a lot of
Blues and a lot of other colors and
everything so yeah thank you guys
watching hopefully you enjoy make sure
you subscribing around it I said I don't
know what a daily one
you
