this is impulsive please yeah
let me have an easy game one game of
remains three points between me and
Division one if I win this game we go
into the promised land of Division one I
don't want to play this now the top
comment I couldn't see the top comment
that someone tweeted me so I can't use
it the only top comment I could see was
to get the Watford kit okay you know
what I'm just going to put 150 bid on
this and just leave it so hopefully we
get that so many people thoughts about
changing the formation from you know
three four three two four at the back
and I do kind of agree I've changed a
few things Sun and man they're both
going to stay back apparently I don't
know how much that's actually going to
do but honestly I'm not ready for this
I'm really not ready I know I should be
claimed for at the back well this isn't
formation we've stuck with this season
it's working so far this last episode
wasn't great we drew one and lost one
I'm honestly I'm breaking it right now
if we can even get a hunter soul that's
a special pack and guess what there are
125 k-pax out right now and we're going
to open both of them no no we're not I'm
not saying nicely I take that back we
will if we get the goals with hunter
final game of the season I'm giving him
the plus six attribute that we need yeah
they've chosen up that you know how much
I would love it if I just got into a
game and just bang three minutes in goal
five minutes in go eight minutes in goal
he quits I would honestly I think I
might cream myself let's go little bit
let me see your team let me see your
team please why why why why Legend three
purple oh my god if they a purple do you
know they play this game a lot I just
wanted to win this game so badly
I'll let he's even holding LT that's how
you know he's gonna be half decent at
least yeah yeah yeah oh my god he almost
scored early was it this I'm already I'm
already losing what no not a fact that's
not a power what people controlling him
is he gonna do it is he gonna do the
passing today he is no he's not jump
thanks I think I might got into an mg
the front he's doing the front post
again
with it okay let's go let's go come on
where's your place you brought the pot
yes yep there yes with us
I should have passed it I should have
passed it he was completely open as you
doing this how's he doing this how's he
done Matt Wow
okay we're surviving somehow okay this
is it that's it so you go
what no why why no no okay I think
corner I literally all I had to do was
hit that money uh yeah come near come
near and then with all in there you go
that's a bull that's a good ball well oh
um no no one wants to know you're scared
of it it's understandable a ball is
scary
why doesn't okay no that's actually
what's out well I got this cut in well
Christy better pull that please leave
ourselves I would like to do why do I
actually cross it I did all I have to do
is dribble in a bit slower past it and
either scored I'm throwing it I'm
throwing the game guys I'm I can't deal
with the pressure the first half of the
half I can't deal with no no no yep no
we need to stop this we need to stop
this he does this near post time
why is he pausing here I don't like this
I like it what the fuck no no no no no
son son Tom I gotta loosen please no no
no why slide what risk it I've gotta
risk it I've taken the time oftenest
bang oh my god he saw miss cord I just
need one goal and I'm back in it and
then he will have to attack yeah boom
why there oh my god
right Penn no I need it please oh my god
son throw again
he's going to school the exact same kind
of go no he's not gonna put him off keep
thank you ladies Ezard police hazard
please please you're back in 12 minutes
left come on we might as well go all out
like we only a 5 minutes left and I have
to win a draw isn't good enough yeah
yeah yeah oh he's so much paused in a
pause that I'm not perfect so don't go
oh it's over Jared what are you done he
may see Missy Missy miss laughter oh my
god it's a corner oh no no no no I can't
win that's it what's the chat waters
I've lost stockings as well
he's lost in the last seconds of that to
a corner like that
I've actually perfect it's this full
annoying you guys not like I know you're
frustrated think how I feel honestly we
got an assist which is a pack why why do
we worry why can't I get the easy game
there that's what hazard fact it's not
even a rare how does take any worse and
then a pack for the hunter assist I'm
not I'm not gonna open that one yet
because I don't deserve it for that
we're going to go for the 55k pack I
just went over the pack
it was done to me difference anyway the
hope is that frickin 125k pack that we
get someone sick we have to go back into
Division two and I'm sorry okay that's
all I can say to you guys is I'm sorry
we're playing against beef FC it's
fucking son Annie's foot chance player I
know I need to be confident guys but I'm
losing to other people and then playing
against people that have a foot chance
to play I don't know what to say here we
go
I guess let's just let's just try our
best
come on come on money by post seen you
in there what you changed your run go on
what how did you get it that way how's
it y'all niggas please why wasn't such a
bad boss why hasn't so bad for me
honestly I think I think I what broken
Hazzard guys oh my God he's completely
free key fire please please okay we'll
take it we'll take we'll take you I'm
struggling I mean I can get through them
just like that but it's the next bit and
that there we go we actually get a
special pack and it's legit guys I might
end the series when I get to division 1
you know but that's what I might have to
do it's because I won't win division 1
let me know let me know in the comments
whether you think that should be the end
like it's a race to division 1 rather
that like a road to division 1 rather
then we've got a win division 1 I don't
know how many times I can fail at the
vision too before I just I just want to
end everything wait we got like this and
then he's going to think he's gonna fit
yeah ok we got this let ready get there
and then just the confusion somehow he
ended up on the floor oh my god we
actually have an attack yeah take it
yeah yeah and then the dig Ken what the
fuck is that has it oh my god I'm like
what no no no no that confuse me because
he could he was allowed to pick it up so
that confused me completely first time I
know you guys don't really care anymore
because I didn't get promoted but I'm
trying I'm really trying I'm gonna give
it a little bit more and then I might
bring on that is Kiera the guy to get
back pass afford turn out hunter for a
second special practice what what that's
to legitimate I'm sorry to say that well
yet so much special pax seriously I
think he's better when you don't have an
attribute Gordon because think of glass
game compared to this game come on
Walker again look he's a G he's actually
you know what just to this walk up Bob
okay I tried I tried you know shooting
from there with Wolcott once it Oh a
little bit more - well there we go three
meals surely I've done enough surely I
have done that that was really nice play
by the way surely I've done enough to
win this oh okay this is where he
doesn't little come back yet he might
get one now no oh that could have been a
pen that could have been a pen so easily
oh please be on get there ah no how is
he getting out of this why I like was
the like was the like I can't I can't
deal with this well can i is this what
is this what I was meant to have is this
the kind of play I was meant to be
brought up with no no while I was in hot
sauce you got nothing for oh he actually
does have something come here ma hsiao
puts him off
how was he how was that hot how was that
possible how did he it was facing the
wrong way and it still got to him I just
got an obviously perd 13 minutes all I
gotta do is not be stupid
just don't be pen thank you beautiful
get down the middle and then you do that
boom
are you mad let's go Woollcott I can't
believe I've missed the penalty hunter
would have got another we would have
just got another special pack but no you
know what hon to make up for it there we
go
well why can't we do that every game and
we've drawn it with freakin won our
first game I'm I'm so angry
imagine we played in in the last game
you'll attend that's for special packs
for special packs because there are
three goals in a man of the match but we
also get another pack so the hazards
goal I know women are do packs for
something for like holding our position
but I can't know what it is but one win
that is our first win in Division two
this season I'm kind of determined now
so we get the hazard pack we get this we
get the 15 kit it was a little pause not
big enough nothing really
now we get for special packs and there's
only two of these so we're going to open
them for the last two now this this is
for one of the goals from Alex hunter
gets us pretty much nothing not great is
it this is the second goal he scored we
have one more goal off we have one more
goal after this whoa
imple we got an inform it is the status
okay ever 15k now we'll put him in the
club for now yeah ok let me know what to
do in them I've kind of kept most things
because we're so near the end I don't
feel like the coins are going to help
that much well one goal remaining and
one man of the match for Alex hunter
we're going to just turn around for this
pack for the first time we get a turn
around oh it's not I have no I just we
got up alone I don't care if he's not
the highest rated we got a balloon but
as I said I kind of like having them in
the club I he was blue but he's not a
walkout so I'm gonna have to walk out to
get a walk out then we got this team go
but I'm hoping right now then someone
has walked out I'm going to look the
three through one bowl of all of the
walk out forget Danny Elvis I shouldn't
really complain shit I've we've got
we've got a walk and a blue in our two
special packs now we are back in
Division two I'm sorry but we finally
have enough coins to do something else
we have a hundred thousand coins
effectively won our first game I'm
hoping we can win the two next episode
just take us the nine point let me know
about whether the series just getting
into Division one within I'm not going
to win Division one it needs to end
whereas the other series I never ended I
kind of just fizzled out whereas this
one would be like a great episode if I
just got to Division one maybe I get to
Division one and then I just have one
live stream where I stream the entire
season if I get ready good that's the
end of thing whatever happens yeah let
me know what you think also let me know
what you want me to do with a hundred
thousand cones there's a team and
everything thank you guys for watching
and yeah
