all right yo what's going on guys and
welcome to a Twitter Q&A this is a
Twitter video Q&A I will be doing a
normal QA very soon I just I'm still
getting the question for now I'm gonna
be asking some of your questions you
sent in in video format if you don't
follow me on Twitter make sure you check
me out in the description the football
event has finished now so I am solely
focused on the YouTube so yeah let's
just get into the question keep asking
this I wasn't crying alright obviously a
lot of efforts to water him eyes so they
actually stunned Joe when I said that I
was crying in the livestream and then
later on Twitter said that I was crying
as well that no I never started crying
so I haven't stopped crying ah this was
such a mistake
no I am actually crying how I was living
is a conspiracy phase and I absolutely
had to give up and each anniversary in a
minute and your honesty he nodded in a
fair way
you know there's quite a lot of
conspiracy theories out there that I've
heard like one verse I've heard every
single one about the charity match
saying like we've set it up to lose etc
stuff like that which is all rubbish the
one to answer your question my mic just
move the one that really messed up my
mind was that Jay Jay shaved his head
because he was going through chemo that
all he did was shave his head that
rumors died so I'd say that's really the
only one that's really stuck with me
I mean when do you plan on having kids
they hi Kenny
I mean a needed girlfriend and I guess I
don't need a girlfriend I could adopt
think of the views family vlogging
channel bang money I've had the idea
that is going to blow up our youtubes
again we're going to adopt a baby
together Sherman I'm not ready for a kid
Manny
think of the views think of the vlogging
Channel yeah no yeah we can get rid of
it you know once it grows up a little
bit once the views daffodil go no okay
well it might be a solo blog in general
all right well thank you anyway well
four months that will have I'm hopeful
it's between two it's gotta be one of
the football events because always
wanted to be a professional footballer
and that is just that was me living my
dream now obviously the last one we lost
so now I kind of went down a little bit
and the first event was the first time
I've ever played football in front of
you know like more than my mom and the
dog Oh what between those two it was the
last but one or thought before that hey
Simon what do you prefer gauges music or
jewelers music basically you're asking
me if I prefer oh let's go deep into a
world only we can see I mean you call it
you can't compare them because one of
them is a rapper and one of them is like
house music and come prepared
final answer if I had to choose one
calyx I've got a little rice to my part
Simon what was the first game he's ever
played I assume some sort of variation
of peekaboo
that was banging palm at me
have you really want it again bring out
the didgeridoo your flutters your class
use it lay that book back I seriously
need to stop picking fights on the
Internet where are three places that you
want to go this year I a nice question
now I have been traveling recently and
I've been saying how I want to travel
now I still want to go back to LA I
think I want to go somewhere in Canada
and then probably Australia those are
like those are the three places I do
still want to go to Tokyo as well I
don't know there may be no so Simon just
basically what's your opinion on down
and good like it's the one question we
all want to know the answer to what's my
opinion and Birmingham how's Julie or
pon sorry I already have any thoughts
towards the a feminist box a look you
know what is hard to blow up wait a
second yeah whose is better now bitch
although I did realize that yeah yours
wasn't yours gum so meant expected make
YouTube easier for you what would it be
and what would you call it what you mean
what you did
and shut up bird it would come up with
video ideas they were just but like new
ideas and a mini mini min side Simon
mini Simon Simon kick Simon Simon kick
kick Simon yo Vinnie meter when you meet
a millimeter when you meet her when you
meet her when you meet her when you meet
her when you meet her when you meet a
lot of people struggle with this
Mensah is my last name not even a hard
word to pronounce Mincy when questioning
key right you stuff put one thing
why do you account key sighs the laugh
of you
I mean firstly we do it in private so
it's clearly not for views and secondly
who the hell are you to talk okay is a
YouTube channel Denis yes yeah oh yeah
he does what's this one of your old
attempts rap god no I only saw someone
to consider shrubland doodle enough
rhymes engage some people just times
been any brush land sorry what's your
fire bro pure fire humbly this guy just
said I'll lick a side bomb overviews
okay now I'm bullying children I've
become well any let's ask you a simple
question
when going waingro you can choose going
to win I'm going to kill you you didn't
really give me much choice but be honest
I'm a firm believer of Wenger in that
were come at me assignment if you could
choose one like in a series or film or
game to be realizing realistic you're
living in that world which one would it
be and why I mean it would be awesome to
have like superheroes flying about
especially if I was going to be one of
them so maybe like the Avengers world or
something like that but at the same time
no Simon stop those days are over
I can't go back to Charmander have you
ever done a theater production at your
school and if so what was the show and
did you enjoy it okay so this is our
final question and it's about drama
basically it was that's what we call
little theater study I was in two things
and let's just say they didn't go great
we did Romeo and Juliet and I played the
wall and we did another play which
remember what it was it was like a load
of different place and basically they
made me a silent character in all of
them I just really
how much of a dickhead my schoolwork
right so I'm going to leave it there for
the questions the Davis I'm sorry this
wasn't a long video but I'm basically a
way for the next couple days so I will
be back very soon with another video but
if you did enjoy this make sure you
leave a like make sure you subscribe as
well if you know around here and say you
have to watch in and
