what you doing in there Oh
oh yeah how come they just decide to
stop when he got they got like that far
up they are they just like I owe you
five laughing it with what likes to
cheat your mouth now you can use your
eyes god
alright it let's get that off my desk
rude she can stir up that Simon that's
not a question you should ask you right
now it was a junior it'd be better if I
can Seaton that Khan no sorry not arts
are on kind of in Yale ah we went to
both Champions League semi-finals I'm
imagining that house happy how you ask
yes well I don't know Toby if only there
was an app that were willing to take up
do you had one couple yeah one football
yeah one so they're very interested I'm
down to bill down I'm down as we go yes
all right let's go
I only have one hand can you do it can
you fire it where are you oh no oh yes
we got it
o7 rated hurry up seat I'll take a blue
all right there's one we've got one blue
already it's not gonna be what oh my god
I thought for a second I saw it
we've already got Jonas we get out we
get Jonah haha okay yeah um e-learning
is always the pins of quizzes jargon
happy I don't know I think they're
always the themes of course it's like
the early English right though oh man
Dutch yeah are you going to see a young
fan gives a decoy ball to a pretty lady
or a leopard taking out a newborn in
parlor is that how you pronounce it
think so literally literally minutes out
I don't see that I'm gonna go I just
want to see a pretty lady three two one
I'm not watching it I know
come on if you're me you got Bollywood
video okay I'll watch it yeah keep
watchin ya know which just did Sheffield
right even even the leopard cobbling or
whatever the camera like really but uh
was even looking at it like yeah yeah
like they're behind this is in the norm
of bad leopard
soundin is that the Fountain of Youth
which I see some money up to something
that could it work well I am I'm gonna
go buy more points this is another one
we go on the move can change so quick
don't who is that oh my god no no
everyone to get I get the same freaking
guy I get Cruz I got walk out as a walk
out a million Peabody won this black
card but they gave us this check on the
day and I thought it was would they
accept that in the shop obviously we got
the actual black card this one here but
I wondered whether they would accept the
check now they didn't really want us to
film in there so I couldn't really match
it up properly but our subtitles
to the walkout it's a blue are you like
glad that's over you are but I will take
you gladly
it is ladder head that is our big head
all I'm saying yeah give me dig up clean
zine or it's like great guys
ultimate pack I'm not looking I'm going
out of this is a walk out but the walk
out path ok walking out
oh yeah police plus we are last place
highly nutritious macaroni and cheese
there and the people who sold it on sale
a may not over the place we're gonna be
like oh it's just happy you cater right
yeah Cornwall Devon I'm sure captain
the other ones Norfolk by the Norman he
had enough of 100 sound a little Irish
debating stand a little bit they finally
go on please please please please please
yeah we finally got a blue one my cell
phones came out nice I break this year
ago oh my days yo I'm now actually you
know what let cool I don't care we get
two in a row we just looked over there
in a row please be kolesnik
but we've got to walk out blues in a row
collapse in its place the shell 88 rated
we'll take him as well I am ecstatic
right now it's come on
yes don't want to get another blue right
mid who is it boiling Lisbon Mach 98 man
there's another blue lad we've got a
blue tone so we go
I'm gonna get half on sacrifices just a
story so much just and resell to
all right so hunters that are in the
Premiership they when I saw a nice time
to go home with my KFC gravy I regret
everything we got one we got get out no
again no one of the best will be not
keen I don't care if we gotta do we've
got the other one now we got keen and
all reveals looking very calm there Toby
I've got a little right to my fire I
want you to deal with your problems by
becoming rich you don't even know I
don't know being from Birmingham some
stranger
sign of bone income stream ecology but
it's Jerry way to speak know that you
let sound like when you better come
bowling that's about it that's about
sure ya later shotgun Co MP is not a
yellow as well Oh Simon he enjoyed that
that look in his eyes and he had a great
time I've had worse reactions to Sakina
yeah exactly why they don't quickly walk
out okay we got a picnic season they'll
go Tabler season do you Griff oh yeah 87
rated Liga no so we'll take it that's
one other Bundesliga stun please don't
you tell about it
Oh
Monica's callback game done that's one
finalist decided I got the prediction
why I want ice but I thought the goals
reported two of them yeah they're done
actually here original Monica I told ya
right now we need to try and figure out
how to get home because there are no no
cab will count double to triple the
triple we're gonna shove all oh my god I
don't I don't look Luna look I don't
want to look yeah let's go below this is
through the maze of Roger Bauman you're
Genson again I said I don't care if it's
a duplicate if you're getting three in a
pack who cares
hey bird like a blog ten seconds ten
poses go go go
come on switch up come on come one work
it work it you can do this you did do
the tenth one
where's the tempos it was nine there
were 900 that's the show oh wait
it was the Tongan we call Fatah Mina's
what mad I thought it was the same guy
oh my god I'm an idiot I'm an idiot I
take back the chatter I rewind it very
as a blank page before you have enough
dirty windows are their legs moving over
freezing
in his Park
