the temptation to not wear this grow
stronger because firstly hunter is
annoying and secondly this smells but we
do have a couple top comments today
which could change quite a lot 90th
minute goals are a special back Simon
and you are correct we may have
something in two minutes so I'm going to
just wait until then we can focus on the
other comment which is a pretty long
comment who play instead of David Luiz
we play Vertonghen I completely forgot
we had in that Kievan that defense is
mad the second is to buy 88 rated
informed son there is obviously the 90
rate than the 87 rated for apparently
the 88 races is you said 170 that was
the comment that is in by now done and
replace van Aanholt with him okay we'll
put him into the club and it's now just
hit the hour so I should need to check
the pack any promote back no okay well
we can do these then based on the fact
that there's only 15 of those and
there's that is worth more I don't get
it they're both the same coins that this
one's correct we go for the big one we
got this this one's worth more points so
we go for it bang done no walk out but
all rare awful we're not done there you
said to buy the 86 rated Walcott because
he's only you said 90 K that's about
right I have a hundred thousand so I
could just buy him go we're definitely
getting that one and you said to play
I'm at right-wing okay and then you said
to play money as the right mids ah I've
had suspended a couple extra K but we
have him we're down to 13 thousand coins
but now this team is starting to look
ridiculous Karl Walker you are replaced
with my name on a needs to become a
right mid which I have okay add six of
them for some reason and then Kyle you
are replaced with a certain mr. Walcott
the last thing you told me to do
keep the 99 pace team of the season okay
with this guy is Kyoto and you said
bring him on lay on the game because
he'll outpace everyone and sell the
other ones yeah I will put them up for
sale but I kind of like having them you
know they're not gonna get much money
but I really like but that's the team
now look mad we just increased our team
with freaking we got rid of to inform or
one inform and replace them with another
inform we got another man of the match
and a team of the season in our team now
I need to win I have to win please if we
can win this first game we are one point
of promotion and one point from the hole
all right this guy's a Spurs fan expose
bad Spurs kit and no spoilers plays what
eh no pse pse pse pse pse it's just a
french league team please
FIFA gods let me just have an easy game
hold up hold up hold up who's this Lamar
fella who's this Lamar fella good that's
the only problem is I'm a defensive
right now you guys said it ages ago that
I should play defensive
I haven't actually kept the ball for
more than like 10 seconds this is the
best I've kept the ball the entire game
and ups giving them away what's the run
that's not what that wait son Dave you
know it's love it oh I didn't want to
turn back like that I was way too slow
okay that's good just good play good
play pause back layin what song okay
people are people are struggling to pass
right now oh no no no no no no no no no
no like is that like was that ah push
him no no no what I thought in a son who
told me to buy son whoever taught me to
buy son I hate you okay
there's he didn't he didn't take a step
he didn't take it well structured good
diamond such a good save and yet God
knows oh he's got another one he's got
another frickin so I'm to know downs
guys I'm gonna lose this yeah I need to
get off the fence if I slide take it
such finesse rebound it's always
breaking campaign why is he very most
attacking playoff now it's a hard time
you know what I'm gonna swap can--they
over with de bruyne and see what happens
cuz I'm knowing like I don't deserve to
be winning this is all they swapped over
now this is what I was talking about
getting destroyed at the back and then
make cycle okay I'll do that
no it won't snow or will it yes it will
who won go go on take such finesse
Thanks there's one and that's the
hunter-gault special part a we can come
back into this now no no no no no no
he's just run is just literally thank
you thank you thank you the game decided
to just change my player who stopped
that less let's just stop his attack
stop his attack bang there you go
company nice boom good play good defense
oh my god finesse oh well could it be
Scott it that way no no no that that
that
I was mad I didn't think you would
finesse that in ball comes away will
goes away autumn off and chips it in
back what no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no like of that great
thing
come on I would have taken a draw we
would be on 15 and we would need one win
in two games
now we have to win and draw minimum yeah
one of these for the Marne a goal and I
have no words right now like if I'd lost
it then I'd have been like cool the fact
it came from me hitting the post and
this is for the others for the hunter
well the fact it came from me hitting
the post from that close all I had to do
in school I didn't even bring on the
other guy you guys saved you know bring
him on but that one's that tired am I
really gonna take off hazard for him I
can't actually can't I don't I don't
want to look I'm genuinely like I
genuinely don't have words ah here we go
again game - how many times have I said
that I'm on defensive right now and I
don't know how but I seem to always be
short of that and another game where oh
okay another game where I'm struggling
already hello we're getting some actual
space here we're getting some actual
space okay a little bit too much space
yeah yeah obvious but that was all I saw
miss did it was the runt where's the
runs where's the runs was the runs
where's the runs how the fuck is so
practiced on that no no no oh please
look at the bottom look at the bottom
you can catch it throw it right go okay
it's a 2v2 I don't know how to beat this
guy I've got to be honest you guys I
have absolutely no idea
holy shit there's a circle yeah he had
school life this life good I were going
unbalanced again the defensive just
doesn't work last time really one down
the first time I genuinely feel like
there's no hope
I have nothing except pace place my hope
is paced right now
Hey nope and then I do that oh my god
what's flame play what is but watch your
money well when is Mon image on that
touch money sick
oh my god he's got one chance and oh
thank you - hey come on Simon
we're going attacking we've got half an
hour left and we if we lose it's over
and oh my god get to that get to it oh
my days what a ball loves but back you
wanna go we're gonna take hazard off
that is Kyodo just for the pace hold up
hold up hold up hold up hold up hold up
that's a dope oh my hey you know what I
deserve that I deserve a little chance
that was disgusting
how has he got through how did he just
stood still what the fuck no no no no no
I'm going to lose to this I lose because
of this no stop changing player thank
you to hear someone that knows what
they're doing
I have what like two minutes left I have
no idea what to do but - brain thanks
for okay a lot the third he's gonna have
to throw it this is it I've tried the
ball he hit both time I get that first
time and he didn't hit it that's it he's
blown the whistle
we got the draw a drawer is enough to
keep the hope alive that was the main
thing one game of remaining one wind
remaining that is it the next game is
the most important
we've probably played ever maybe tied
with the when we were close to getting
relegated as well it wasn't hunter the
gotta go so it's only a 15k pack but to
end the videos are slight pause you know
nope just the rare that is all for today
23,000 coins so let me know what your me
to do where they will change anything or
any on tactics you gots to make my
defense stay back all my wingers stay
back Webber let me know the top covers
on a Tuesday I bought it and see
