all right lawyer you complain that my
room is too messy and medley right now
it is so by the end of this video it
will be clean and I want a clean mind my
cars go in will be a hot water you're
gonna see also pull out of the bag all
right all right maybe a bit hard to
shout at the shells being red card
asking it again it they also gonna go
off they do this don't do this cow
authorities on the same thing okay I'll
school it's a 2-1 with a red card really
yeah because I knew you over la so I
definitely didn't record this afterwards
yeah pretty sure to mention that I'm at
the FA Cup final and the championship
playoff final but yeah
Wembley that's where I am for the last
like two three days so I'll just show
you random stuff
there's the reason people think that I
cry that bully they're right there what
a ticket I'm stop crying on okay so a
while ago I did a live stream with
Cassie where I want to pre care C for
life P money and minimums are your
winner can see versus 2016 game crusher
Familia Peabody won this black card but
they gave us this check on the day and I
thought it was would they accept that in
the shop honestly we got the actual
black card this one here but I wondered
whether they would accept the check now
they didn't really want us to film in
there so I couldn't really match it up
properly but our subtitles
shake your body baby do that it's a good
side man FC in the pond for next year
with Claire match what we're gonna be
wearing I didn't realize this guy on
here oh oh I didn't know they were here
he was on know who though they may with
oh there we go
my lava you buy an address that it
there's been a goal awesome since I'm
the Covenant well decision hello jump to
see you guys hundred pieces paper down
here tell me you didn't miss that we
know who came up here oh my oh my oh
good oh oh oh my god merciful a Detroit
I throw the rest of it enjoy the
atmosphere oh my god oh hey Chelsea fan
number one
question
you know the ad frenzy lobia just a
state of them really isn't it that's a
bit the noise people the most I just
could not imagine it's being time and
who I doing it just okay look at
history can inspire I feel like a fat
boy
no that's what we're just a little sad
like and all you do the center beam calc
reason I look like me you're just sick
really went in really good did in the
whole back not even a bit
yes
all right so hunters that are in the
Premiership they when I saw a nice time
to go home with my KFC gravy I regret
everything I just keep going
when will it end it never ends oh it
ended I mean it's still pretty long
being bullied I have a good day and I
don't forget to like and subscribe
please okay so you thought I was done
but no tis like 4:00 a.m. I and I have
had to change shirts but the room is
clean as hell this is so clean a lot of
it was just kind of pushed into a
cupboard but that's all yeah rooms clean
stop complaining now shut your mouth
thanks for watching make sure you like
subscribe peace slip
