now unfortunately I have had to record
this video straight after the other one
has gone out because I am heading home
for the weekend which means there was a
really a top comment I didn't realize it
okay so when I asked for a top comment
in the last video I didn't know that I
was going to be going home but I guess
we have to choose the top comment
regardless even if it has nothing to do
with people here's what happened to me
one my sister said she hates mini Minter
- she got hit by a bus three
I lost my bus license what the hell wait
you hit your sister with whatever cause
when it was before
anyway we sold Miko Richards so we have
two hundred and three thousand coins if
we get an Alex hunter goal I'm just
saying we get one special fight you know
what special type there is right now 125
kpac there's a 55 k bags as well we just
want to get gold we just need gold for
that honestly we need to win because the
main thing is getting into Division one
right now and if we can win one of the
games today we go on to 13 points and
that means we're safe in the division
and four games left you get five points
so wins today and I will be ecstatic
because we will have three games to get
one win but that if we win both game
today which just doesn't ever happen
let's do this team I don't know why we
still have van Aanholt and Karl walkers
on midfielders left I know their
defenses so it's kind of clever but at
the same time I don't know how much I
rate that we are against the greatly
named two girls one schluck it's a
decent theory a theme I'm quite far away
from my mic of just realized someone put
that robot penis in my matter what main
thing is a win obviously an Alex hunter
goal would be the icing on a cake but
the main thing is the wind pasa forward
pass it up
take touch finesse a nice place nice
play
oh is one of them is one of them oh my
days okay that's that's all the shots
he's having whoo okay no more shots
please
what are you doing possible to my plate
on though give me one of these games
how have I missed it Alan who's Alan
who's you know what I would be fuming if
I was him but at the same time how is
Alan got there oh my god davin Louise oh
yeah no that was fantastic wonder that
was quick in France I just trip over
each other you need something special
from you Carl hold him off holding off
please good ball no that's all football
wait wait well what's the fart come on
someone cristobal please come on please
kyle like all i have you for is taste
this is why i'm not sure about having
terrible
and yet about us to him and he's gonna
get a little final child to the game
inning I'm a shot of the game no it's
not okay I mean I'm in half you know
what I mean I'm struggling here look at
that I'm really struggling it's one goal
one hunter goal going how's it
how did you throw well you're not really
through but you know what I mean you
know what you know ah why how is my
golden catching up with the hazards run
nippers in the post and bang OH
that is the tactic in it it's just put
in their post cut no I'm fucking it
killer walk up front I'm not up from but
you know what I mean I hate him when
he's attacking and he's got another goal
yeah our placate no w.zahn to stop it
okay
good touch but where's the support yes
yes rep no that was a foul and everyone
else everyone can see that right that
was anyone could see that that was a
foul
wow wow wow wait wait kiyo but Gordon's
freaking car Walker the worst player in
the world at attacking we don't have
anything why is my knee so tired as well
I'm being molested boss
Vaness goodness how is he saving this
and why am I not passing Alex hunter and
I'd literally just given him a go
because that didn't make her obviously
no stay back go back go back now and
cavort
okay cuz I thought that no I can plot
this keep sorry I don't know why can't a
bar is here claim you know what we put a
ball into there put a ball into there if
there's a time to score a goal it's now
okay and then just think that's how we
caught the draw I will take a draw one
more draw and we're safe in the division
now we need it you know it doesn't
really matter if you got a man of the
match we got one goal he didn't get an
assist hunter so we don't give a special
pack I'm hoping we get one in the next
one I may just open anyway but that is
one 15k per two wins and a draw in our
last four that's promotion so I'm hoping
this game we can win three games left
I'm hoping we can win draw again and
then click good unfortunately we only
get one pack and it's a 15,000 coin pack
you know what Oh mad I mean it's not the
BPO one but we got a balloon we got
Montero this key out of door the left
Mads 99 pace you'll probably get 30k let
me know if you want me to sell them or
whether they just keep him I came to
said we just want to win Mad King why
Lenny a gold hunter at least fit too
many legends for my liking right now but
there's always the chance that he's
really bad far side
go on bang it in we're already one day
lost as a hunter assist I'm opening the
pack regardless I don't care he ain't
gonna take that lightly at all so we
need to be on our best behavior now and
read that one did you lay them off to
broli know what awful this guy loved a
little bit of a slow play mad he thinks
Cole's gonna score from that maybe it
back in the day go and play them in
flame one more and then one more hazard
how good for two we've got to nail boys
this is what we need we need to win this
game oh my god hunter please to make it
just know we got a dose especially with
a special pack well special pack there's
the special pick we needed our we've
started to get angry he's getting angry
he's getting very angry yeah turn in
join Hunter hunter for another special
back it's Borneo obviously there's only
125k back but it means we get a 55k pack
now as well and he's quitting that's
like three packs oh my god you know what
wait wait wait nod the boys'll
man-of-the-match two goals though and
two others and and is this so that's
that's one type renesis to other goals
so that's that's the three then we got
the rage quit that's like seven plus two
special packs and you know I'll be
amazing as well next episode if we win
both will win one say we go 17 points if
we win the next one we would go to 20
points we wouldn't win the title but
that would be our 100th win and it would
be to take us into Division one
so obviously ideally you know win three
maybe win two and a draw that's still
the title but I just wanna win in the
draw that's a loved one now we get seven
packs plus two special I'm thinking we
could open these or we could go to these
instead of opening 715 we just opened
555 then that that's what I'm gonna do
okay that's I'm doing that's on did so
first pack no walk out and it's a very
small flag and it's going to call me the
ass out because really we got two
special types of one is 125 which really
suggested cameras close I think it's
that I know a lot you're gonna be like
no should open you know five of these
plus another three of these or whatever
but I think that's too many so I'm gonna
go with this the walk out to walk outta
dreams it's a blue walk out bbl bbl bbl
for you
I know we have a good defense already we
already have a legend we go and inform
and armors or but now we have the Tonga
Vuitton good welcome to the club oh my
god - we've got two team of the seasons
in this series already ah no walk out
this time and a small flare again you
got it you can't explain the demon
season every pack you know so come on EA
give me something good who's that Polly
so the final 55k pack tiny flare that
means we have one pack left and you guys
know what it is I said it about a
thousand times already this video I know
it we need to we need some room we need
so we need the road here please let
there be at least a walk out here we go
you know what if we want to walk out
I've got a walk out come on yeah it
seems to be something thing to come see
in three two one boom ice I mean I
tweaked are playable we've got another
tubular season TLE man 3d with the
seasons in one video that is another 20k
coins we got for discarding the other
players I kept CLE bans you guys to let
me know what to do with those two we're
going to put the toggling team probably
if you want me to we also have two
hundred seventy thousand points if we go
win one draw one we're into Division one
and I'm a bio bottle champagne I'm a big
party popper things we can have a party
being in Division one that's all for
today then you guys are watching I'm so
happy right now this series makes me so
happy when it goes well that's all they
say you're watching and see you
