what's going on guys and welcome back to
another team of the season pack opening
the new team of the season is just come
out the Bundesliga and if I am correct
right now
boom hundred case just came out so we
have a lot of points there's only ten
thousand as of now we are getting a
walkout we're not showing any more
rubbish in this pack opening everything
I get will be decent put a lot of
pressure on myself and I'm not even
getting walkouts you know what we'll
start from now you know I don't want to
show a six-second video Jessie is saying
yeah I've already heard her gonna walk
out I want for this gonna be another one
of those days I am showing bad stuff
guys but don't worry they'll be
something good in a second why they
don't break it walk out okay we gotta
take the season they'll go team it a
season do you Grif oh yeah 87 rated Liga
no so we'll take him that's one of the
Bundesliga son why are these players so
small I am gonna be opening the 125
k-pax if they're out as well at 9:59
minutes wear it I think something's
wrong with my account guys I think I
need to change my account if I don't get
anything good here this means I need to
change my account and it's change my
account
fuck this Who am I kidding I just bought
all these people points on this account
I change an account know what I could
get the 2000 fifa points let me let me
do the maps here to talk a 12 pounds I
could buy like six Big Macs this is like
I don't get it you know what I'm going
to blitz through and that absolutely
blitz through these and just yes or no
that's all I'm saying yes finally
finally and it's not even a freaking flu
it's not a better video Edward Alexander
is a Bundesliga player and he's not blue
I finally got one and it is abundantly
goblet I changed my mind that was a no
next pack no surely I'm building up to
something no just give me one one one
walk out at the start of the knee I
thought I'd only show good things I
haven't got any good things we would
have a video right now the last four sir
I've got one blue one blue on one Walker
and it wasn't even the same we get it in
form now and it's always not even very
good disguisey so is that 81 rated
better than anything else we've got so
far apart from the blue kids do not buy
points I'm setting an example for you I
am wasting enough money for both of us
you don't need to buy them you want to
spend 12 pounds to get a guy tans nerves
so I walk out walk out inform no
coulibaly ah I will take him he's still
88 rate that he's still better than the
blue I got does he go for anything okay
well we'll just put him in the club it's
a solid pool I have some really hardcore
like rock music in my ears right now
please where is the frickin rose where
are they no don't be someone rubbish
gonna be able to win at no 8 Belgium the
point now I get the brains he was
actually blue I'm going to speed through
these because we've almost run out of
Hunter k-pax ham chicken and Sydney 600
packs come on no it's no walk out we're
gonna try it one more in one more one
more walk out and then I can just drop
okay we'll see Ksenia please come on
okay we're going in for our mirror on an
informal I'm not waiting for the flares
if it's not walk out I don't want it was
the last one we get an in-form
boo who cares who frickin cares about
deep riddle I feel unprivileged I don't
know you know I've just spent 80
thousand feet points whatever I have to
do it happy at 125 now I hate myself so
much but I have to do it I need to get
more blues alright I'm back with 125
capex hopefully the only difference
right now I have socks on so that is
going to be the big difference here I'm
going to load up the store right now
we're going to have in a couple packs
and we're going to give a blue there we
go there we go okay there's only 15,000
come on there's no walk out on they'll
sort okay you know what we're not doing
it we're not doing bad packs we are
we're probably all going to do bad packs
do you understand my pain do you
actually understand the pain I'm going
through right now I know Jessie opens
I'm earlier and she got more than me and
she opened so many less packs this is
hopeless
it's hopeless why am I doing this the
tactic you don't care I'm on my phone
right now I don't really care though
this is actually really good 87 wreckage
story makes and what out of the store
get out the still causing me too much
pain and now we go back in now we've got
rid of the pain we've got rid of it
flick it away pain in the bad luck has
just been flicked away no where is the
walk out okay we get an informed with an
informed obi-wan we already got you but
you already got you earlier that's the
privilege honestly
another inform I don't care okay so what
I having all when yeah okay if it's what
I haven't got
that's decent like 84 weird I'll take it
okay good finally go on please please
please please please
yes we finally got a blue one my cell
phones came out 95,000 Yago oh my days
yo I'm no actually you know what let
cool I don't care we get two in a row we
just got two nuts in a row please
collapse in it but we've got to walk out
blues in a row collapse in its place the
shark 88 raid we'll take him as well I
am ecstatic right now you guys you just
don't want to watch videos where I don't
get anything D and it's like physically
cried which I'm not gonna lie I was very
close to please yay
give me a sidewalk out blue no I'm not
I'm not keeping him I'm not keeping
check out the walk out we add the walk
out I thought it'd be a third blue I'm a
I'm a buy it by Mike what's two more
points I'm in a good mood now that I've
got that to y'all go I mean I'm in a
good mood in the blue blue just want to
see that blue eyes vanish as well as
it's not there aren't really any good
Spanish ones other linear stuff they're
all decent but like an 88 NES that isn't
worth much we'll get 24 more K FIFA
points and then I'm done bad type we'll
open one more and then I might go see
who can help me we're saying that it
does kind of build up you know it builds
up now it doesn't it doesn't build up to
anything I'm chatting complete shit
right now I'm gonna go see who can help
in the meantime
oh yeah Annie's gone I have the BBB fit
or BBB pit on so this is like the one to
talk
okay come on definitely Blair right max
the dark don't try don't try to act this
up no don't even look at it
get rid it's not everything my count is
spelling my you don't understand my
account is cursed to start everything
get rid of it all no you don't worry
I've opened a lot it does the world to
do this place we need to end on
something at least half-decent 3000 it's
an informal dummy to the valleys let me
clear on it I have it I think I can
output up yeah I think this is it this
is the pack oh and then it's gonna be
rubbish oh you open a pipe now it's your
turn another in foam oh god it's
discarded discarded I haven't got him
yet
so I'm happy with that I'm having about
one I don't have him yet so it's another
one I do have him that is all for today
make sure you take out Jesse in the
description nope leave it it's obvious I
hate you so much
we've got 95 rated Tiago today that's a
decent life yeah I don't want to talk
about it
the last enact however you I don't know
how you say that but that is the other
walkout we got you want to walk out the
other one so and a hell of a lot of
inform laps of the day as I said make
sure you check out Jesse in the
description subscribe way over there
thing I put in please
