ah about time I freaking review my
performance in the sidemen FC match
let's go now thinking - what all right
I'm gonna need a whole lot out goal to
get through this yo got a little rubber
bottom to the side - TV YouTube
all-stars livestream obviously this is
in the livestream this is my reaction to
it obviously it was a phenomenal day I'm
wearing the kit now don't take this too
seriously okay I am NOT actually update
it's the nominal day everything went
well obviously we lost but I'm not that
fast because everyone who played
everyone who came that spoke to enjoyed
it so that is the main thing we raised a
lot of money to charities though I'm
happy having said that I was freaking
awful and I'll accept that ok you don't
need to let me know in the comments how
bad I was
we're all so excited and everyone's
there they can decide that I'm going to
destroy this year again let everyone's
everyone's gasps Marcus Butler betrayed
us this year by us choosing to put it in
betrayal we put them on the other team
and now yeah great pan can we just get a
slow-motion way let's just get a
slow-motion replay of that penalty
Chrissy Chrissy Chrissy boy you can
score all you want this year but I'll
never forget I will never forget that ah
there it is there's the link couple a
between me and Toby or boom meant two
scores
Vince gives another assist and there it
is the halfway line goal that meant that
every single person tweeted me am I
going to score another one that's not
how a football works if I score one it
doesn't mean I'm going to score you know
what the commentators Julia Hardy was
great these foods are they were good
they were good just to clear this up
Joella said that I cried I did not cry
watch out for Marcus Butler the games
that he's not really in this sidemen
world as much as some of them but he's a
footballer and he can do bit quick
sidenote all I'm saying is right Marcus
bleached his hair for the last year's
game I bleached my hair for this one and
I'm just saying a year later he's a
model with a very nice-looking
girlfriend so someone just you know
hooked me up with a modeling agency
hooked me up with a flight to Germany
and I'm cool we weren't all as confident
as Jamie they were they warmed up a
little bit better than us maybe we
should have warmed up a bit better just
looking back at the stream okay I want
to know what you guys thought of this
stuff because I've wondered about
upgrading the way I film videos for this
level like this quality obviously
wouldn't be freezing space because that
lowers quality but you know what I mean
so at this point we are lined up ready
to play and this is where we start going
across I didn't really know what I was
doing
I'd wait for the rest to go I think you
need to so there you go at this point I
don't look like Philips go through a
gate yes it's silver although it's like
the ring I would change from color right
now but then obscure film looks like
this okay I look like this JJ said he
would not smile in this this part you
know he does you know he smiles really
look at the serious face
seriously yeah I thought was cool man
soon as we get that soon as I kiss you
can't not so this moment here we did a
minute round of applause because
basically there's a the London attacks a
while ago the policemen who died and we
decided to do a minute's applause for
him because he was a chart and seasoning
older so his feet was actually left open
as well unfortunately it didn't get
announced so at this point there's a
little bit awkward yeah alright so we
finally get to the game here we go
and I planned this sob for quite a while
Hugh if he was off his line I was
shooting but he was fat so tightly to
his life there's no chance I'm yeah look
yeah see I had John fool ah recover I
know change up here we go yeah I did a
fateful shot because I was just like oh
okay
and I'm not going to shoot yours I'm at
least gonna do a fake shot so be fair to
colour he has trained and it has paid
off as a questionable throw in but this
cross Jamie maybe should have gone
towards him but Josh gets caught
slacking cats I mean bring have me the
drink hasn't made the visuals does that
goal was very nice but maybe Josh could
you know sorry win they're a bit quicker
he could have you know come out flat but
look this is a great header look just
gets caught napping and boom great head
on great header look we actually started
off doing one to break the folk team
okay that wasn't it wasn't about what is
this this is what stopped me the entire
game this little ginger right here
reven jmx the three frickin tanks
hi JJ JJ with the bull always think
they're buzz one
what we're gonna do now I ran inside and
then there was a god thing I'm going up
and Jamie at this point I'm like yo keep
rolling keep rolling keep rolling keep
going if you go a bit further we might
get a penalty and then it actually got
up at one point and then I went over to
him at this point here I said to him yo
we're good now we're good and he went oh
we're good all right cool gets up
straightaway he eventually got up and
the ball I thought I can't believe it
but if I had shot I wouldn't have done
this moment this is the only highlight
harmed on that again look Josh P is now
I'm a really let the flick away and then
and then ready takes it down the line
and boom shot resolving weird scored it
would have been sick so again Manny
Manny plays the ball great touch there
that was a good touch but then I do that
part it was a bad part I'll give you
that but I also thought I was passing it
to Toby it just didn't it didn't start
well I did there's my defending Joey's
icing in a cycle and then Manny Luke
seems to me honestly that was the pen
week and I know you're all going to be
like nah you didn't Avenue Q witty comes
over and he says Stonewall there you go
and I say that was and he goes I know
that's all I need all I need is two
goalkeepers say Stonewall I know it's a
pen Orion you know what I had spent the
entire week beforehand saying to
everyone here and my parents I'm going
to win a penalty at this match and you
know why that I can let Vick take it so
this is the first of many many many many
throw ins that are mounted to nothing
this one this was the right oh but no
one fair I have played football for my
entire life it has never ever led to
anything the first of many many painful
incidents with jmx
so many of those like I'm that was like
cuts here like a cut their cut their
bruise there it was like a battle with
him he is too big oh no no no no oh what
this was bad kid went into the changing
room and he was coughing up blood he had
a black eye it was horrible
look look at this Toby doesn't do
anything oh it's so bad there was quite
a little while here we're not too much
happened I got a terrible cross in here
that was a four ball although don't
really know why I expected all we could
do was cross and throw I say they didn't
amount to anything on a different day
maybe it could have staged a he had the
chocolate he had a chance to touch and
then I'm sorry Chris Chris I didn't mean
that I'm honestly both Chris I'll say
yeah it's a lass than everything I
promised Chris I wouldn't do this but I
have to look at the high five I thank
you many blocks it
we missed remember a high five and went
like this we just missed completely Toby
plays it into me and then that ball
would have gone through to Toby I was
honestly look I take the touch and then
there's that space that is going
straight through to Toby he is through
I'm Italy thick you got you a good
moment here look nuts it's got a panel
he's got a panel on Castro Castro you
can get your goal but he just handed you
you just got handed by this maybe
would've flipped up oh thanks Chris
apiece and then he keeps daddy's girl
chair back they keep going and then he
are we still going and then we lost the
Wolves then he look he forgot the ball
I'm looking for it and then I play Toby
so begin some odd colored skills for the
fencing this is good defending now 26
and a half minutes in doing what we
needed to make a stop and no one really
got a little you know gave any hint that
they wanted to go off I wasn't working I
wasn't doing anything good so I went on
we brought on P money P money I feel
like you scared a lot of them there
wasn't many chances and before the half
but I think this is this is one of the
only ones Ethan plays a good ball so he
plays that through and then just B is
messing up the pass and I'm
not sure if I'd give that as a foul I
don't know if that was a foul not saying
it wasn't I'm just saying I don't know
if it was Toby wasn't convinced Nina and
then Marcus gets a John and Charlie
morally someone who doesn't playing gold
wallplate charlie morally was it was his
birthday okay so if you don't know
charlie morally check him out his
channel is Charlie Molly the football
youtuber is normally not a goalkeeper
fair play to him for actually going in
goal occurs I know a lot of people
refused to and that is halftime halftime
one-nil down not as many goals as last
year much more tense game basically we
did like a teammate and if you guys want
me to do this as a video with just the
sidemen or if you want me to do with the
Simon FC as well I think it's a good
idea you know get it film nicely as well
you guys can send in stuff and I just
have to pick one of the side men I so
yeah we're back second half we have 45
more minutes of football
take it inside passes to Jay Jay Jay Jay
plays the ball through to me I can't be
give there and get the corner though
exactly you see it now his black eye is
mad for fair play to him
and fair play to Joel because we're
gonna see why both of them get injured
came straight back on see low low low
really really pull through to Toby I was
happy with that ball I was a great body
like you gonna give me that it was a
good ball this is the next thing I
really did plays it to Manny Manny plays
it to me and then look anyway no reason
I can't tell for me oh absolutely
where's about I don't think I think he
was jealous of my hair you know so the
stadium can say looks like we want Vic
this guy is a streamer called or vehic
orbital star okay so if you want to take
him out orbital star he was getting so
into it they can even said to us if
we're losing one Neil let let them shine
it a couple times and then I'll come on
in a bit and then as it sounds we were
struggling I'm not sure of it coming on
would have been the best sub big throw
in and guess what we amount and that
little almost something as a good header
for money
I don't know how it
I don't know why I don't know what's
going on the throwing I want to say they
don't work but then we get these chances
and I'm kind of like there was another
game do I bother like news that was good
and then here we go can here Vic again
okay now one of the moments I really
don't like watching I don't want to
watch multiple times Manny takes on GMX
Jarek slide Oh solid tackle and I don't
know how this happened but he goes down
and his shoulder I went over and his
shoulder was touching his nipple it was
so gross three gold medical start
walking over and I went over and then
hurry
Oh his shoulder is in his nipple and
they let they went oh man no physio but
fair play see Joel right he went he went
back into the changing room he got it
put back in it took six attempts or
something and then he came back on that
is honestly phenomenal should be reduced
it requires possessed by some monkeys
none is no pilot edgy with the pace no
100g it's good I go you're dead dudes
actually was a lot better than we all
thought it'd be alright now this bit I'm
not proud of it I finally had a shot and
I'm not a liar I wasn't happy with this
shot I should have think I should have
played JJ and I should have played JJ
back and Jada was scheming and I
apologized AJ hey well watch my videos
now I'm sorry Chris but uh you score a
good goal later so I have to show this I
have to show this moment yeah go on
skill Luis oh he takes him on peoples
are step over companies give um you were
sick which is why I have to point out
your flaws okay but all you did here
right you didn't fall Luis you fooled
yourself
now I'm pointing out other people's
flaws like Chris's mistakes fair thing
to do is to point out mine as well as
there's this moment oh I've hit so many
of those and yet they caught me it's
also like we yeah they caught me say in
the naughty word and we got a streaker
but job on the pics we got a streaker
but he just swear it Toby I mean you
just swore at Toby and I wasn't going on
right now but I looked over and this guy
was being a little bit of a dick and
then did I do anything it yeah this is
the only bit as well that was not I took
two of them out of the game and then I
tried smashing it in and it just went I
went to you there's a platform like Toby
I'm sorry again I don't play enough
eleven aside are their money
Manny's like ways not through look ready
he plays Toby little bit behind him now
family it got a little bit heated to
again there's only five minutes left
also toby toby figure out why he tries
playing to me and Josh me is honestly
it's only got a little bit of a knock
from that one and Josh also got cramp
not bad found not malicious he did go
through the back of Toby and I'm just
saying I'll finally on the pitch I would
have banged in top corner I definitely
wouldn't give me a drink
Chris MD the last person out ever one
he's got three of them around him I
needed at this point at this point I am
standing laughs way low knowing that I'm
literally they're applauding me put it
to like Chris Andy fair play he deserves
ago we didn't get one last year because
that touch there and then great finish
from the left great finishes well it's
right foot it but you've got a banging
letter we release holds off Josh taps
around Jamie and please it is the far
post great goal they gave it to Josh
Peters man of the match I'd say a close
behind us three jmx and Chris but this
is the only good thing I did
this ball I was gassed about thousand
great bull would have been I wish Toby
and squad juggler Toby just a Toby
shaking hand here and putting money this
is the moment really it
maybe gone another he loves this so much
so this is our last chance get I got
good touch I see Vic and I think it was
all side but Vic messes up side so be
balls it'll and vic falls over various
things somehow did a backwards roll and
there is the whistle no one heard this
little but there's the whistle and as
you can see these kids ruin it they
ruined the whole thing
we were we were literally about to do
ceremony to give them the trophy we
didn't have one last year because of the
same things they deserve to get the
trophy not in the changing room what I
ended up giving them the trophy in the
change room but there's a chance we
might not be able to do it next year
because we can't guarantee that there
won't be a picture vision so yes so that
is all that's all I want to say thank
you guys for everything I'm going to
leave it at that hopefully you've
enjoyed the video if you haven't make
sure you leave it like make sure you
subscribe thanks for watching
and who knows if there'll be another one
but if there isn't then the last two has
been phenomenal and I just want to thank
everyone for that so yeah from the
bottom of my heart I thank you the
players thank you and the charity thank
you so thanks for watching see you
