Yaya's what's going on and welcome back
to another hunting we will go I haven't
played FIFA in quite a few days so I may
be a little bit rusty but I may also be
very refreshed and my fingers are
working fine anyways the top comment
today was if it score a goal in the
charity match you get 8 pack and if you
get an assist you get full special but
you need a very good team for division 1
well thank you for that we soldier ooh
we saw benegas got 94 thousand coins now
I should obviously be doing divisions
but today we're going to do something a
little bit different we're going to go
with the Sigurd son I tried this
yesterday's video but this time we got a
good team I had a better team this
little you know what I mean so yes I
will need to win four games in a row
well I believe we can do this ah come on
there's no requirement so yeah he's
going to have a good theme people will
have inform people will have similar
seasons but you know what we have Alex
hunt up there we go
obviously our team is looking very very
different to the last gone pause back oh
I'm okay I'm reading him oh I'm Phineas
just so freaking fat eyes across her so
hey his hands may be made of glue but
what what there we go so many bats and
it deserve to go go on Kyle not sure why
you're here
I wish you weren't there nice nice wall
wait add you could have got that really
how they made that all no no no no no oh
you know what smash the heart wait wait
wait what Hansa no I'm just oh what a
terrible goal that the special packs
always turned him and he sanded you
stand out
no it's I just went a little bit for
those that would have been perfect
no don't know what there we go good good
cool retro very calm this game waiting
for him to quit marnai you little
monster Kyle that may be the worst miss
of the entire series oh my god okay now
no comfort now I'm definitely not
confident that is all but I will miss
that sure oh here we go come on end the
game really he thinks I'm gonna yeah
yeah and then trip up come on
the pause bat can say you magician you
know you know you know a magician
anymore
okay now you are hunter we're good oh
please I need a third oh my god I don't
know how I stood up the ball but there's
the ball in every single cross goes to
the goal keeper yes yes the brine
there's the ball no how is he seriously
no can we not let him get this hole
keeps keeps keeps you can catch it it
does the same ball every time just get
rid oh my god I'm going to lose I'm
gonna lose in the first round I can
actually lose I'm not even gonna get
into each time this is a big moment this
is a huge moment and jump that's awful
that's terrible we have to got extra
time alright senior you're on has it
through wait wait and finish why no one
more turn in No we'll have to please get
off hitch no no no no I've been held up
I've been held up as the touch I'll
touch in Sydney for this launch of this
minute and he gets a good crossing it's
okay thanks no no just blue tit and a
half and a half we're going to penalties
I think we all do another freaking half
of this 15 minutes pellerin you're
coming on for Walker I want to bring on
cases but hunt asked to play please stop
just all right all he does is he uses
this pace that he's got its got some
ridiculous pace hole my date Cathy
where's your stamina can see he has
never ever ever ever run out of stamina
in real life hazard yeah yeah yeah he
thought I was turning back and then I
just get across in Greenup oh my god oh
my god full-timers go straight to
penalties okay I didn't see which way
he's going no he went down the middle
okay I think I know how to breed
penalties that was a terrifying
penalties let's down the middle again
he's missed you can hit the target what
I hit the inside Kate he didn't really
move again
yeah I don't know how to know I can't
take penalties this guy can take
penalties whereas I'm trying to actually
oh just take one step here that's a
great thing
no one delivers yeah yeah so no as I
said Spectre divisions genuinely Harper
you man of the match is a special part
and you also got two goals with three
special packs it looks by that that we
just sold mr. hazard
so we have one hundred and sixty-four
thousand coins you guys need to let me
know by 35k we get okay we can over
three of these terrible terrible Pat we
just call walk out and it's a blue walk
out going is sense amid Classen okay you
know what an eighty nine rate is scented
I know we can't really use him I'm
thinking I don't want to look at his
discard right not just God I don't look
at his bin price no or color now and I
think all the team of the seasons might
be walk out so more coins really in it
now we're at 186,000 where were we in
the league six games remaining if we can
win this game we need two points in five
games so we need to win this oh here we
go again
this is these are divisions now hunter
okay all right all right left what when
have you had a left foot now and go
learned chill out chill out note oh my
god can take how I'll buy mr. Lee's have
I missed all the chuckles Thank You
company for finally doing something that
the other should have all done I
understand what's going on right now I
don't understand what's gonna stay back
you today is not my day guys part of the
cross take a touch and bang it there is
no space there's absolutely no space
come on plant no she's like that he
doesn't come at me that's what I'm
waiting for is I'm weighing bin to come
at me or turns about what what happened
again there is half time and I'm losing
I shouldn't play today she's I shouldn't
have sent that I would be awful you
haven't had a shot on target there's
been the worst game ever
ah 45 more minutes there we go what am i
doing what am i doing shoot I'm gonna
please Marnie please I don't know what
to do here yeah yeah he didn't know what
I was going to do that and that is how
you score money oh go on smash it across
to nil took to nil to 1 they go the
hunters are that's another special fact
I felt like he definitely swapped he got
his younger brother normally you know
people with
their older brothers teleplay and me or
he doesn't know how to defend mana you
know and that's good for me you see how
much happier I am when I'm winning like
it I shouldn't be allowed to be losing
for my own health how how is he just
healthier muscle Mila or oh oh no who
saw this leaked it into some girl touch
it and smash it
what a safe doesn't make sense no no no
no no hot the boss how would that work
oh my god
go where's the run we've done it we did
it we won see how happy I am super smile
on my face now we got a man on edge but
it wasn't hunter but we did get a hunt
ago such a seven and a half K pack and a
special pack I mean the main thing is
that isn't it we've got five games left
and we need effectively three wins as I
said it is team of the season so we
don't go for seven and a half sending
well we did a 15k no team in a season
but anything were keeping or selling no
and now the one everyone actually cares
are the 35k pack here we go no walk outs
a note similar season and a very small
flare you know what guys this is one
left and we need nope nevermind fast
karma really in a definite Karma maybe
yes we now have two hundred and two
thousand coins you guys need to let me
know who to get hopefully next episode
if I can win two of the games we need
one win out for the last three let me
know who to buy top people when I do say
you guys put in and see
