yo what's going on guys and welcome back
to another tournament slash daily
knockout this is to qualify for the
weekend league obviously we don't really
care about that right now you want to
know what we care about this the guts
and the blue card another team of the
season and of course the 1000 coins
it says common plus rare players minimum
17 don't really know what that means so
long as that is what I think it means
then welcome to my squad I don't know if
it's good idea sleeve should have just
stuck with the team we had last time but
I would have been quite boring and we're
going for a BPL player so we have the
BPL squad now the only thing I'm
confused about is it says ten attempts
wins one remaining because I mean I need
to just win one match I am still have to
win for what common plus rare players
minimum seventh what does that mean I
think that means I can't have any
special cards well I'm gonna have to
redo this okay so the squad now looks
like this this works but it's minimum 17
so I think I'm allowed one special
player normally I would look at someone
like that 99 paid money but this is a
team of the season so I think I need to
choose one that I pack I don't have many
to choose from so we have all availed
the tongan or team you know what I'm
gonna go with my boy vuitton good and
Nowell are you gonna disagree we're
gonna get rid of awesome nd and we're
gonna put him into the center so I'm
gonna have that with that is either a
central player right now right let's see
if we can do this now alright time to
get into a game it's been too long we've
been talking for what old oh no that's
no that's not a guy you get for winning
the last no it's not in the month this
team ain't great okay well let's go
ebrill come on come on team back far
side yeah oh oh oh no he read it he read
it okay he's not bad we have our first
shot sorry bruh to the keeper to
straight to the keeper sense there's a
prism oh hello William
I would be saving that turn in there you
go oh I don't think I'd meant to pass
that but we won a lot he got caught
napping
hahahaha go on de bruyne playing it in
bor going through six such finesse how
was it hot like his leg he's Inspector
Gadget he leaves extend the legs I'm
struggling to talk here we go Hey
we go here we go bang and then hey bro
are you these you've got a powerful leg
come on just give me another guy that's
way too far out never gonna score ahead
of ya this is where he scores this is
very school isn't it no no no okay good
good good I could get one more chance
mom
run run come on all I need is to shoot
well I tell you what I don't know if I
like having three of the pack three ball
one two is when I'm playing same again
lads win this off one nil draw this off
Neal new one we win
okay okay worried worried worried here's
the kickoff I does everyone pause come
on ebrill come on ebrill Eva please you
know what
bang how was he saving that he's not
even a good goalkeeper how's the algae
done this who's in bolos Patong good
you might seem in a season no no no no
no no that was the terrible header he
should take lessons from Castro speaking
of which that Castro Gold phenomenal
come on de bruyne get in there I love it
I walked out always happens always
always freaking happens please win that
pay up and then get rid there you go
there you go oh wait wait wait no wait I
can still do this you still do this what
am i doing
please yeah finally ah that was way too
many passes I should have just shot a
while ago but obviously not the scored
yeah yeah yeah pass it across finish it
there we go game John job done three
points in the bank on to the next round
just end the end there and again and the
game ref 9.4 de Bruin great play team
one step closer to those thousand coins
and the blue card whether alright come
on where's your special card oh no he's
gonna have a special card that's like
Ronaldo that doesn't fade his team it'll
bring him on it was that manager
why doesn't he look so like he doesn't
look like a manager you look like you
had been you know green screen Don
oh dear oh oh dear thank you good block
please no no oh my god I'm already
losing Jesus how frickin attacking is
his team alright far side turn in yeah
big shot bang please
oh great Gold kick as well a net loss
husk why but okay red red yes
didn't even see it hazard please oh no
what this theater I go oh my god please
John sighs you're on side
Vaness new post thanks there we go we're
back in you know what I figured out how
to play this guy oh boy you are in for a
world of pain bang why you're not sure
know why didn't he show I had it what
what why why is it just been why why why
why why I just love connection I was
going to be that guy I am a hundred
percent certain I play all again let's
play the second game all again finally
figured about he went for Belgium with a
random like right back and said about
okay I will build him not the best in
the world I
let's just play calm figure this guy out
that's how we do you know just figure
him out a little bit oh we already get a
chance okay maybe we won't need to
figure out you know what some but to
Broin cuz I really need to do that I
mean it clearly worked here we go again
you know what hanging in that's a buying
haha that's how but uh Bob boom I didn't
want to dab on him by the way that was
just you know that was AI just making me
deaf ah this guy just doesn't want to
give me anything right now like at all
why isn't he reading me like the obvious
choice you should have expected me to
cut back in there alright 45th minute
that's gonna go let's go let's go let's
go
no you haven't passed it okay so I'm
still gonna get it oh do not give him
the chance as we go yeah yeah if he just
shoots it to go water saves how was he
done ours else happened as a bonanza so
I thought he was gonna get a 45 minute
gold now he's back in okay it looks bad
but honestly I feel in control come on
pass it about positive up part about
toss it in bang why is he why he
blocking that that's the short one
there's a short one boom but why does he
never work for me how does he go through
his house he go through how's it out how
am i drawing power how how's this
happened he is leaving himself very
exposed right now she how attacking is
this guy going
I don't know nanu nanu noona what what I
mean it cleared it so I'll accept it for
now as it is doing bits right now has it
doing bits so many bits being you know
what I do have a respect for this guy
because he is really going for gold and
is trying to make this entertaining he's
no trying to beat me by you know out
playing me he's trying to just out score
me you know what I've given up what the
fuck
what bang please please
that deserves a goal that was nuts
go go go go go go go hold him off hold
him off
uber wrap thank you
okay I have a chance to redeem myself
there's nothing anymore right it's on
there I didn't I didn't go down the
middle going to extra time because the
freakin game is so the penalties they
don't make sense to me I'm not that bad
at them I school with Alec tons or a lot
let's go let's go let's play some
football
let's play some nice football 2-1 we go
agony then Billy's always each fit he's
fit not in that way yeah I need to mix
up I need to mix up badly badly I need
to make a sub now we'll bring on Diego
Costa for Ebro fàbregas for Torey let's
see how that does say I see a CV a group
of stuff yeah yeah didn't expect that
did you but more okay no no no the
switch has been turned you know what I
may as well make a soft Willy and
Sanchez I know he's a left winger but
that's good lol own Angolan now goola
goola go
thank you keeps oh my god my controller
died oh my god my controller just died
I'm changing batteries
this is fucking fuck it all that was
hacked we've lost this game we've
actually lost this game because of that
I was going to get another goal come on
keep up keep up please playing come on
agüero yet no ghwarri I love win I love
when he's there kick go go go I just
have to throw actually just lost I've
actually lost I don't I've lost
lost this dye was awful I don't want to
go actually I like I honestly I was
thinking if I lose you know I'll do it
again and I'll try I try it at second
time I don't want to go to na flat I
don't want the guts and enough for that
I'm not crying by the way in case you
thought that because I didn't cry at the
sidemen matter right well I said I did
because he knew I wasn't on camera I'm
pissed
I am genuinely pissed off that's all for
today thank you guys for watching peace
