they're here they're here they're here
they're here boom day five thousands of
that wasn't a pause I wasn't right pause
we have the BPO team of the season I'm
going for the 100k back also yes I have
silver hair inform inform I don't want
to look at young boys I'm sorry Kate
salad money whatever moving on there's
no walk out I need a walk out I'm pretty
certain like all of the team of diseases
in the BPO I'll walk out twenty ten
thousand of gone already
no then I don't tom it up Tom at some
time Oh Purple Cow okay I'm already out
points um yeah I didn't gotten and a
salute using my coins let's see how many
of them I can do boom walk out walk out
show me the bro and then walk out though
is that Jonas is that really for Jonas
either walk out though back-to-back walk
out come on two two two two two two two
two two
who is it we all have a donkey Karl
aircon levin dosti the rest of you see
you later
twelve thousand packs remaining come on
three walkouts in a row come on it's not
again that's a small flare it's gonna be
someone like my catarrh Ian Oh control
if you know and rate it not too bad I'm
gonna have to my points a DP a point
fuck this is taking ridiculous here let
me buy it well this is just fantastic
that's that's it but the pack is done
because I can't friggin buy any more
points now I get them and it won't work
no no they've gone there better be more
I it says not and this videos over and I
don't really know what to do the speech
but there will be and I will have some
now now we're black 125 kazar out
there's gonna be no pack and I wasn't
even walk out these 125 k-pax I told you
there'd be more I don't want to do this
anymore I don't want to I don't want to
be here you serious
no walk out 125k not even getting
informed okay and inform an input I
think if it's the guy from the young
boys again I'm gonna be so angry like
it's not it's not man like Lux no it's
as soon as okay you know what as soon as
I get a walk out I'm gonna go close that
door because I need to okay we're gonna
buy one more sets or thousands
definitely what other guys go get your
point these mini pogs off to get a
discount
yeah an in-form again oh oh Jagielka
another inform do not we want I already
have it's not all double okay Zuba and
Fernandes will happen to accept that
pact the owner walker you mad at that
point is there any point in this areas
why not these artifacts these really are
the packs right and another inform great
it's probably what I already have great
let's show me the money show me the
money
yeah it's you but you know what you're
thinking in final pack we're using coins
nope nothing how much did I just spend
and lose 125k packs useless I'll be back
oh my god hundred K packs are out okay
yeah and I have points this time so here
we go I know okay you know what we're
going in we're going in not a blue I
don't want it because I'm going to blue
so far this team of the season come on
give me 100k we got that to enforce I
would like to inform striker Brazilian
love we did yet we did but I'm not
taking him because I don't know I don't
know I'm not I'm not taking the young
boys give me a walk out dama de another
inform that's gray in it there is it is
something I've got I don't think I've
got them there we have investigato K and
ham stick em we're not gonna take it no
even a big slab what four holes any
Elvis Danny Elvis I look so excited for
that know another inform who cares okay
I actually do care Lucas Lucas is sick
and those Baba I'll spray this goopy
string on my head if I get a blue this
pack come on walk outside blue okay I'll
give you one more chance the egg on a
blue wasn't a walk out why just give me
one it's not even a wallet waiting to
walk out but it's not even a blue of
course flies golf court why you're a
very nice guy one of the nicest
footballers I think I've ever met and I
walk out it's not lit mom it's not gonna
be what oh my god I thought for a second
I saw it
we've already got Jonas we get out we
get Jonas that's the most luck I'm gonna
receive another inform great goalkeeper
I shall have this one I do have this one
in mind it was flat up looks like yeah
see oh yeah what do we do
another informs great that's giving me
luck
lighting a walkout we get another end
bulb stop giving me these informs I
don't want them I've already got him
like four times
so why am I getting this look arises why
ladies and gentlemen three informs I've
got all of them give me a walk out just
to end on give me a walk out end this
little segment on oh my god I'm gonna go
mad I'm gonna buzz no I'm done I'm
actually I'm actually done I'll wait if
there's one hundred and twenty five K's
in the next hour I'll open them these
are god-awful oh I'm going to hate my
life in a second not getting anything
125 k-pax what I don't want mournful
although that one do I don't have him
that if it's an inform I don't have I'm
okay with I do have him not getting any
walk out please click another info I'm
going Grandma rich next one come on that
paws are so small it's another inform I
don't what I thought you guys forget
when I haven't got before I'm happy
there's a walk out what just once it
disappoint me we were one we probably
gone the best well you know what I'm
just happy I've got what I've finally
thought of blue I'm so happy and cold
also knew I didn't have my pain finally
a blue four thousand packs of gone and
I've opened like two thousand of them
come on
these packs they're not go in and I'm
not surprised no one has these freaking
money left because EA is shitting on
everyone what am i doing what I'm doing
oh yeah that's right I'm good she um I
am I'm gonna go buy more points this is
ridiculous awesome so I bet on we go on
let move can change so quick dope who is
that oh my god no no everyone forget I
get the same frickin guy I get crus I
know walkouts Crucible gonna walk out
piss me off you piss me off to the point
where I don't really want to give you
any more money take it I have it going
on bend over you a what am I doing wrong
I'm getting cool I'm getting informs and
I know a lot you're gonna realize you
can't complain you get in Forbes but no
you know what when the phone well where
the hose
half those we got one we got KITT oh no
again no one of the best but we got keen
I don't care if we got duplicate the
other one now we got keen and all
revealed ha we got there we can we get
Buffon always yeah we fun not a bloom
again why are you giving me all this
shit work oh my god the more I just want
more more wool outcast Rovers for two
legends people two legends for Castro
how many have I got zero I've got keen
complaining am I not allowed to complain
so they got a blue I've got three I'm
Matthew three we get back swag and just
one blue one more blue that isn't all
available keen and then I'm happy
video ends video videos done the video
is over
oh wait it was the Tongan we got the
Tongan is what mad I thought it was the
same guy oh my god I'm an idiot I'm an
idiot
I take back the chair I rewind it that's
all for today thank you guys for
watching we got four blues and thank you
guys watching watching this
you
