okay guys team of the year hasn't done
so well for me I've spent many many many
many many pounds on trying to pack a
team of the year now today
everything was released honestly yes
this is a late video but everything was
released on the day I've recorded this
at 6 p.m. the first lightning round will
drop if it goes like all the others at 6
p.m. there will be 50k pack I will not
rest until I get a team of the year 6
p.m. let's go ok first ones off 50k pack
these did not do me any justice last
time and I'll gain that quick though
because I'm trying to you know I want to
open stuff in like everything although
we'll skip it finish it I want to try
and open packs of like you know fifty
hundred hundred and twenty-five or no
putting them continuously and try and
put all of them into one video but we're
not gonna get anything good at the
moment that's why I'm like not going to
quit through these though as I search it
skip don't like these 50k pack they are
absolutely disk or spent they are
absolutely just corset in I skipped it
it's an informer new team no I it is a
new team okay it's a walk out will take
come on come on whoa ok it was a walk
out it wasn't Lori so I'll take him as
well me another walk out I don't know
who's inform I thought was gonna be
Sanchez yay
blue khaki this is a third inform of the
day and base 3 biscuit face but I spent
like 120 K people points the other day I
got one icon it was like the worst 186
Raiders will Simon get a blue in these
now we want to get one more one more
pack and Timmy you know good job yay we
got Lukaku Lauri's am sick blue valley
who was informed last time sterling oh
my god this is actually a good team in
the week I wouldn't mind getting
Schmeichel I wouldn't mind getting
Wilson I wouldn't mind getting this dude
whoever here's a lesson so hammers
Rodriguez I don't really want Lindsey
because he plays Westham but you know
Suarez son and I'm out it getting ox I
guess the next thing is gonna be a
hunter k-pax I'm gonna go with some more
money
alright I guess 200k packs I mean
everyone guessed it let's be honest I
only have to 8,000 people points loaded
up but I have more to buy and please I
want a blue inform icon below
team of the year that is what we will
watch it isn't informed
it's English if I see English I
basically just want like the three good
ones if I see Uruguay I'm gonna cream
myself audicence please just give me a
soir√©e Lily I've already got him already
going Maura I don't want that I don't
want more of him who informs in a row
what we get in this time French
goalkeeper finally got blue team now
that we got a blue I just want icons and
blues I didn't care about informs either
hi someone said online 100k packs were
the best ones to open like 1525 and now
I believe them now I believe everything
they say they could tell me that their
piss is fine wine and I drink it I mean
I probably wouldn't just clear out but
you know it's a metaphor I need to see
some form of blue in the flares or the
little thing that goes up like that
button inform me where that looked a
different color no we get cervix again I
think I've spent something like 500
pounds already and what I really got to
show for it what - hey final back
I know what I know it was the blue guys
I know I saw a blue we get tip of the
year but no cheats I mean it's still a
blue I already got the excitement of the
blue is the issue I knew it was a blue
we just got team of the year bernucci in
our final pack I said that was our final
pack as well but new she goes for about
700 700 k - hey I'm guess I'm out I
might do more
I know packs of the day I was tempted to
do more of these but you know what
there's seven 125 K PI so I missed the
lightning round I was out for recording
some other stuff sounds dodgy but we've
got two blues already so I'm happy with
today anyway here we go the ultimate
package no okay
we're gonna watch all of them because
you know what why not give me one more
blue or an icon I think I can still get
a blue flash there's always hope until
the fat lady sings
son son die sick days really sick I know
it's not blue but that's wavy 87 rate
and Sons I'm happy with that there's not
really anyone to get realistically the
only player I was looking for is like
I'm looking for Neymar or Suarez but
Suarez is now informed not getting as
soon as you see the Spanish get lost
alright final pack you know what to do
the final cut oh my fucking god Amanda
there we've got to team of the year
players we got daheia who's one of the
highest rated he's 97 rating and Rios
have got bernucci maybe we also got Sun
as well that's all for today you did
enjoy this view like I may still do
another one over the weekend but I don't
know because Sunday's like the final day
so I might still do that then yeah thank
iswhich in and please
all study of those Oh
school blue I mean that makes three
that's three I'm happy now I'm happy
that's good icon oh my god it's the
shitlord Blanc
oh my god
