yo gods ah welcome back to the hunting
we will go you may notice something a
little bit different about me I washed
my shirt yeah nothing out okay okay yes
I have silver hair now if you are
wondering why go check out my blog
yesterday I showed me dyeing it why I
dye beer and also remember that we are
playing the football match some more if
this is going on Saturday it will be
live streamed on the sidemen channel so
make sure you go over there subscribe
everything like that and you will be
able to watch the live stream of all of
us playing football but now let's get
back into hunting we will go it's been a
few days the first thing is we got this
the supporters a week it I'll take it
the other thing is asked you guys for a
top comment telling me what formation to
change to and you guys said to change to
a three for three
so this is our current team right now
we're going to change to it ready with a
snap of the fingers there it is we have
changed the formation toys that it's a
343 we got David Luiz has come back into
that scene somehow Cannavaro company
then we got car Walker and van Aanholt
as the right left as good as don't know
why but we'll accept it cuz we're going
to play a defensive you also said that
can say de bruyne Marnie hazard and
hunter they've gone to right wing left
wing instead of forwards this could work
you said to play on defensive and also
to play counter-attack I'm going to try
it I know that used to work I don't know
if it still does as for our season we've
won one lost one eight Gators remaining
we need five wins out of eight ah I'm in
a good mood I'm in a very good mood I
like I like this I like this I don't
know why I like it probably look
terrible ah let's see when you got old
blues no no that's the one you get foot
oh no I mean she's qualified for foot
champs okay so where's the deep there's
the deep and there's the deep and then
counter-attack let's go team let's see
how we can do van Aanholt I don't know
how I feel about going through Marnie
boom you missed he was so far I should
have loved it Oh Marnie takes it down
the line passes it what the far I take
everything I said about this guy back he
deserves to be beating me
he is better than me he's better than me
he keeps keeps threat threat run run
okay okay body okay part okay but okay
great
that's just great I heard about the
formation broke or anything I'm just
saying I'm being exposed for the central
player I am his wideness is destroying
me can't handle his girth not a cool
take such finesse boom straight back in
that was kickoff and 45th minute goals
the game wanted me to get it off maybe
they want me to score another maybe they
want maybe they want another maybe they
want oh wait wait it's still on sent out
pause no I could have got one more life
I just played that smart oh okay as I
said ya know if I deserve it
but I think I do just cuz we've called
ed Kempsey like we're still cool Dench I
don't think I even gave my players
fitness cards that's that's really bad
it's really bad
soif I'd go on and then subscrip it up
you melon can't say is a melon he's
actually a melon whoa hazard the finesse
but hunter as well special back if there
are any what what what what no no pad
okay good to offending bro how is he how
much am I trying to give you a goal I
think I think companies trying to score
an own goal there we go there we go come
on hazard come on hazard but what hey he
actually tackled him he didn't see
didn't shoot that was a toggle what's
the fucking what's the what what is that
okay get rid get rid D rid I'd literally
let's go yeah oh my god I'm literally
spamming water a challenge my team want
this yep there we go that's all we
needed
van Aanholt yep bang bang bang bang
beautiful plants are what wait and one
another go
give me another it's over we did it we
won man of the match special pack gold
one special pack other two goals to
seven and a half K pack to special and
any analysis with three seven and a half
days and two special facts I mean the
main thing is obviously this if I can
win again so we only three points off
safety with six games 55k pack than what
we get to open I'm going for the best
ones why not but we get three seven and
a half cave pack there we go come on
three seven and a half K pack shape you
know what guys I like us you know what
I'm gonna change it back your mouth
still counting but we get two more I go
to these just for during team of season
we're going to be opening these because
I know you guys love the pack part of
this series so we're going to move up
for those we get beer woke up myself but
I'll actually keep them in case you guys
want me to use them instead of van
Aanholt I know one before the special
packs we get another 15k pack and it's
not great it's really not great it's not
great is it all right now we get two of
these two of these bad boys
come on the diesel slows flare we can
win out up Banega 84 really might sell
and now the second one here we go come
on please not even solar lit know we get
Shaqiri o Securi cool ooh alright let's
remember to put on the fitness cards
because we need it I mean look how tired
everyone is I cock I'm sorry guys I mean
one so that's the main thing we want we
got the D units now the unit I saw
Sanchez
so cane Erickson Willie and especially
associate even Tebow we go
counter-attack and defensive it's a very
scummy tactic hello mate hello are you
going what do you think you're going so
I thought one more thanks thank you
toss it pic touch can say he scored in
the last year how the hell did campus
cool out and as you first go cook for
one kneel down he's good he is good
we'll give him that we'll give him that
he is good pass it pass it but fake
money do something with your life apart
from being a professional football up
just doing their benefits me score a
goal suck a dick
get a job at pasta cross come on let's
get let's get let's go let's get this
goal let's get more Oh sugar thing oh
there you go there you go they got boom
there you go way back in San take just
scored ladies and gentlemen wait isn't
there packed for 45th minute gold as
well I think I think it is I think I
missed out on Anna pack last time I
don't I don't follow that at all I think
it's a pack for a win as well but
there's some pack so I'm just like
not sure it deserves the pack all right
this is it there we go hot time I'll
climb get off get off get off get huncle
come on good hustle team he's only had
one short he scored it
we're unlucky we're unlucky this time
last time the last guy was unlucky he
was actually quite good this guy this
guy's better than the last guy but I
felt like the other guy deserve to be
winning more than me but I make any
sense now there's like now there's like
turnout yeah yeah he's dealing with lag
as well I think come on come on come on
no I will take corner he's dealing with
like as well I think hazard hazard oh
okay we'll take it we'll take it blame
off six such boom oh I was going into a
corner oh hello hello let's not let that
happen
just stop this now stop it now kill it
before it breeds boom plan thank you
that's a bread that's all red as well
come on come on come on no okay no cards
we have to stick to the rule don't we we
have to stick to the hunter rule you
know what we're going to trick him I'm
going to go that way and then we're
going to go there that was awful bad in
my life no no no no no no no you
literally just have to turn around
Cannavaro
oh yeah put your leg out oh and there's
no K no no no we have what five minutes
left
oh my god come with us oh my god how
sick such boom straight to the
goalkeeper get back get back get on him
get on him plan that's it done we drew
we drew we drew we risk our it was good
it was good I'll give it to him he was
good man in the match special back doll
special other dolls normal fat I wanted
to win we needed to win two games
raining we'd be on 14 points so we need
a win in a draw which is what we just
got this episode so it all depends on
how I do on the day so any get one of
these we get one 15k pot and it is a non
rare fuck you know 255 k-pax come on no
that was so small 82 for a 55 k pack
final pack of the episode guys that is
all for today
thank you guys right now a little for
hunting we will go today as I said make
sure you check out the live stream that
is happening tomorrow we are raising
money for charity it is a great cause
Childline and the charlton of the
Community Trust make sure you check it
out in the description donate
everything that's why I've done this so
yeah check it out make sure you watch
the stream tune in comment everything
and also let me know where your when do
I have 87,000 coins we can change the
formation little bit if you want me to
that's all today there was an end
