Simon you might want to check with the
nation speeds why let me know how to
check it you don't you like it you like
a check it oh no no what does it say
fine no at least 3,500 was that means
diven I'll have to drive you to get
great like me there's no going back now
this happen it all kind of quickly this
is just bleach and like cow model hey
baby oh you know I like we would ask um
NFC chip and the YouTube also you look
really happy
whatever it's a daddy and it's called
the money daddy's cooler the money by
the way the only one flashes I picture
please of it so yeah epilepsy my stage
two is the oh my day I blend in with the
wall love goes Super Saiyan nice we got
the big to show everything yeah great
this is again oh boy okay really great
oh come on bhai bit too high do you feel
it hey girly come one good look look at
a red one bring you up a little bit too
high how am I gonna miss the only time
you hit it what you think you look like
Malfoy haha I look like
Stan the temptation to leave it like
this is actually unreal okay kind of
like you like this but no I said silver
I will go silver dollar man there we go
and I'm gonna get a function to focus
just a storyteller dispensaries are
great too Silver Surfer in the flesh off
so we're certainly not sure mommy
there he is Patrick error
hey carbon okay well off love you
here oh my god I look like I'm in a kpop
band it's wavy backwards as well look at
it like that look at my wave
obviously I haven't washed out yet look
really old I mean it doesn't matter if I
like you now does it's too late go Simon
yeah why are we outside we're doing more
photos like just on the rose just all
right ten seconds ten poses go go go
come on push up come on come one work it
work it you can do this you didn't do
the temp one where's the cell phone it
would mine there was nine that's the
certain time for the final product it is
completely done yes super greyish it's
great yeah this is the new egg does it
bleep so it it'll stay for a while this
will obviously run out so if you want to
let me know what kind of color you want
me to have next those awful camera
workers filming over there anyway
welcome to the new me what do you
thought okay good good yeah I got a big
approval you're Josh are you doing okay
anyway what do you think of the head yay
now other than me no head of the chain
mage I have like gray hair
that's children ooh yeah older w foot
had no breakfast already had an hour
shut up shut up all right photoshoot
done those that stuff will all be on you
know our Instagram so check out justice
granting up oh my god seven times more
not anyone what 7 plus 4 11 7 minus 4
equals 2 plus 1 yeah none so that is
enough fire that's where you got fire
coming out you got you guys let's be
late you got a speedy break I don't for
the time we went to a football thing
without going to wake up others I don't
know they mean wagon good luck that
again why my mother my main attraction
for your doctor by the way in case you
didn't realize why I was actually doing
this the whole thing is because I said
that you guys raised five thousand
pounds for the charity for the Just
Giving page I would dye my hair so I'd
bleach and die ed tiller and we did it
so overly you guys know by now we have a
match coming up on Sundays Simon via the
YouTube all styles are trying to raise
as much money as possible so I will
leave the link to the Just Giving page
obviously 5,000 pounds amazing but we
want to raise as much as possible so
please check out please donate and
please watch the livestream I leave a
link to the sidemen channel down there
as well that's where I'll be so yeah you
can check out but yeah thank you guys
for watching and uh yeah thanks
Sturridge of the black days before you
of enough dirty window
it is clogged
Austin his box what's he doing
we Came we saw who died but we do have a
 oh wow
yeah
