daily knockout tournament round 16 why
am I doing this for entry into the
weekend League No hell no I am doing
this for that team at a season Rudy and
thousand coins against but we have
things stopping us we can only have
eight gold players in the starting
eleven and subs I have a pretty good
team to this it's pretty damn good we
got the three silvers I don't know who
they are lever and Angel and then
obviously you know we've got the daheia
Ramos suburi see the guy at PAX Marcelo
name are moderates Crewson Suarez and I
hope I'm just gonna do the left side
I ain't even gonna touch the right let's
go round one let's see where you got
them me boy from once I should have got
beat the other night because they look
systems of Silver's although that
chemistry I need to win this
let's go left side I don't know why I
just don't like playing it what the what
was that part and plasting is just it's
just not on it's not on team it's really
not on quick please outside thanks it's
about time I got a cool go on go on
Flores Flores boom there it is one Neil
why alright this games this games
getting sewn up right now seriously I
said I was gonna go down the left side I
haven't done that Adam it was such a big
up
no no more was completely through okay
ah moderates you know what
boom I'll take the corner oh oh oh this
is it this is it
oh ah Suarez Oh
openness one finish oh yeah what a
terrible goal come on ma Jets dude the
thing dude oh that's a madness you know
I did good strike why we did we did oh
but Babu better being a bit of
I'm speaking in gibberish brilliant
tactical brilliant cycle
fine did you see that oh my god Wow mmm
just leave leave you met you messed up
yeah there we go thank you
all right round one is done not really
sure how definitely need to play better
if I'm gonna win this
let's see the second round that Sun is
so we're not doing very good team I
should have realistic ly gone with the
Premiership I mean there's always next
time
although I'm hoping that there isn't a
next time how is he just cook that's the
first bus the first attack the first
attack any authority he's already just
easy oh he almost just scored how is he
okay no no we are legally I knew that
was comment no no no no no no bad stop
this skit Hritik a I'm very panicked
knew it knew it would mess up there's
the shot are the leading Suarez to be
fair did deserve it
I did not deserve that at all so we'll
play on boom ah no I need you there's no
reason why this team can't possib all
five yards end of the day I'm not gonna
be able to I need to utilize him mortal
that's a for doctor ball that's a ball
good effort that's like one of the first
times ever that I've actually almost had
a chance going so I slice boomed us to
that terms there we go I don't know how
I'm winning this tuna off what just
minutes ago I dunno how I'm winning it
ends up there we go to nil halftime is
where I was last time except he quit
actually I thought I'd be losing but
apparently not one more goal and I think
it's game over it just one more goal
thank all right nice what's the turn son
what's it sir cool Oh boom gone toss it
touch smack across ball three nails done
I think it's game over now I think what
it is I say it's a really bad team I
think what it is is needs to be able to
control the power this is going to be a
tense finish as long as he doesn't get
the next goal we're all good or this is
it just end it bump and fat done for
nail James Dunn into the semi did I have
creme de la primers and I playing you
for
again I need to utilize much more he's
too good okay now I'm nervous
semi-final there's the first loss
although booth one is anyone what like I
think it no I know what your bill and he
self squad builders so you know he plays
this game a lot if I loses because I'm
in the red kit oh my god he's panicking
panicking already he hit maybe this is
his semi-final as well I think he's
going to be a winning player he's going
to be a wing player and I'm an idiot
player why am I trying to pass out from
there come on go more judge priority
yeah and then turn back out
oh wow that was so for mod rich that was
slow as hell come on where's the
movement where's Luke oh good and smash
boom one nail one nail in the semi come
on I really hurt okay come on sir wait
easy okay wait you know what we'll take
such there and then we'll just whip up
all in okay go on no you could got there
fast
there you go take such forgive up her
group but why am i growing why am i
growing so much oh my god oh my god oh
my god whoa that was so bad if that was
a good ball he's completely through but
all he needed all he needed was a good
bulk 45 minute don't lay my child do not
lay my chance right now okay that's fine
Sega 45th minute will take up time when
they're locked very very close game this
may be the quickest I've ever like made
it to the semi-final come on just one
goal oh no oh my god oh did I was that
Cruz I want I want to take this moment
give me at the cake
fullscreen sad music I want to take this
moment to apologize to Toni Kroos okay
no I don't actually time let's go back
to the game honestly mod rich it's a
frickin bit ok but that's a foul to
thank you mod rich is insane boom yeah
nope nope nope nope nope oh there's the
two terms I don't like it okay yeah nice
and then you know what finesse from
there did he say he saved that of the
person he saved that onto the freaking
post what what what what what no no no
no no 15 minutes back finish was too
good I pass it in take touch and smash
how did he do that Cruz okay I know I
apologized to Cruz and everything but
saying things weird about his shop there
you go again come on Emma please
vennett wait no turn out no what what
why did it not go to groups cruising
completely open oh no we have two
minutes
he's done me he's done me just done me
he's done me as oh he's done another
place what the fuck what the fuck what
up how has he done this how how did
those glasses work no that's not let's
not that's the girl oh my god good good
blow your whistle red red why are we
always thank you okay we've made it to
extra time we would turn it up in like
80th minute home ELISA
I should probably we're gonna lose
ceviche we could bring a movie on for
angel why would I bring anyone else on I
think you just brought on some more good
I think you just know what sauce
no oh yeah go on turn in and turn back
out
thank you no no no no no no is it cuz I
got cookie because I got two cookie is
that it is it because I got coffee it's
cuz I said thank you isn't it we're into
the second off wait we have 15 minutes
left I don't know what to do that's what
I did
what's a truce man pressure is on him
you have to do something both there's
something I should be doing right now
should I should i realistically be just
holding the ball in a corner smash done
it's gonna final what that was wet oh I
didn't like that I really didn't like
that I'm swarth of the man of the match
Cruz got two goals now we are into the
finals we will hopefully get that Rudy
that team of the season Rudy there
resist this is it I'm fine okay when
you've got that dibala okay it's a very
good team it's a lot of informs and
we're off no no warning just straight in
straight into the game on though
possibly about the possibly about this
bad it's already the hardest game we're
gonna have oh it's nice it's if it's oh
it's all that's oh it is
yeah player but it was I actually know
who it was but I should have probably
put it at the far side why does it feel
like there's a little bit of lag just
creeping in gon take such sick sucks and
smash down with it what's going on I
have no idea if this is like Hello
oh why I should have already scored I
should 100% already scored I think this
guy's going to be quite good at
attacking but that's okay he's not no no
no no no no no no no no no that is
bullshit if it was made to be a form of
entertainment a little as fun as I'm
having losing right now let's just focus
on that thang thang there we go see
focus on fun score 45th minute we can
get goal here okay gone.thank
need to pops across its it come on
oh my god Neymar Neymar you had it you
literally had some fun son at least you
had a shot on target
that's after keeping at least another
shot on target and he scored yeah
brilliant
I am sweating I'm not doing this for
dramatic purposes I am sweating Louis
gon take that know Suarez very very
disappointed in you can't I can't even
lie about that bro bro throws this
bruising ski no why is he brought he
brought us everything why where's my
team out wide yeah nice nice nice and
then yeah he thinks I'm coming in but
I'm not yes wait no I didn't meet this
shoe I'm in a bloody battle Marcel open
up you know what bang it we need to just
read a gold we need to go I need to just
shoot more with moderate and Cruz come
on brother oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god you see you can serious Suarez
is the last chance
nope I press last I press off multiple
times and now we're going to actual time
again I don't want to be in extra time I
mean he's really not that good I just
can't score I'll lead the team as it is
it seems alright right now okay let's
just destroy him all I want is to
destroy him now I don't want I don't
want to fuck about anymore ten in smash
that has to be thank you there's the
goal up trying to fuck his head
his anus okay that's caught no school
crews could do ever he wants as long as
he's scoring he can do whatever he wants
Wow Wow what oh my god oh my god I'm
gonna go to for school if I score this
if I had apparently as well bang done
it's done it's done three one in the
final come on there we go
halftime solid half-blood oh I'm
starting to get a little bit gasps now I
should have probably made a sub motoric
I love you I oh I love you what rich as
I said he can father me any day if you
rewind the video you'll see that it
probably says 15 attempts remaining that
is purely because I accidentally clicked
on join the tournament and then like
backed out apparently that counts as an
attempt even if you don't even play a
game
this is this is first time this is
genuinely first time path edge sounds up
sounds in smashes ball five what I told
you I want to demolish him about to
focus focus face Oh Robbie right now
we've won it first time I was so worried
that we're going to have the standard
drafts of you know losing in the
semifinals like that after I I don't
think I've ever watch the trophy
ceremony on FIFA I would just skip it I
want to see someone like this well this
is the trophy trophy
Oh son I got enough of that I was kind
of boring we're not daily not get up to
around a thousand coins and Rudy the
special card there is is untradable but
I don't care which brings our entire
total team of seasons up to all of this
this is everyone that we have not bought
so I have bought other to the angular
just poor but that is everyone I've
either packed or one but that's all for
today thank you guys very much for
watching me wins this special card it's
a very very happy moment to me yeah
thanks for watching and see
