come on baby give me up see when it sees
that this is like a bus match it's off
we go normal mix
lomani finally you give the squad
builders sure we'll just keep everything
we'll keep everything I don't have and
get rid of everything else already over
I'm not getting anything play why am I
not thinking why am I not hurrying up
their minds get rid of everything I need
coins badly no clue I'm gonna get one
I'm gonna get one blue today right now
come on
whoa oh I don't think we can have fun
thirty ten thousands of gone ten
thousand gone - no blue one in four and
I don't even out of pronounce his name
oh come on give me a blue house wow
that's horrible - oh yeah we got it
oh I eat seven rated - hurry up see I'll
take a blue all right there's one we've
got one blue already come on one blue so
far one blue in 13 packs walk out he'll
walk out it's a blue oh you like love I
know who you are but I will take you
gladly mine one more blue one more blue
and I'll be happier looking at third
it's not the fondant does not walk out
but it's a stud it's gonna compare
decent now it's a blue please could all
be the same like nobody said I don't
know I mean I'm happy with it but the
same guy all right we got three packs
remaining come on
one more blue in this we really slow
down right and in there and then for I
will take it that is where I left me I
will then in the 50k - inform give me
okay now I wait for more packs
okay so ladies and gentlemen there are
team of the seasons out I didn't really
do an intro to that properly so you've
seen me get a couple of them already
there are 50,000 coin packs out right
now there are 7,000 of them so not many
we're gonna see if we can get any now
and then you know we'll wait for the
other lightning rounds as well hopefully
we'll get at least one at least one good
one or legend I want to I want to get
walk out that's what I want I want to
see a walk out again average let 84
threes don't even share about those Dogu
shit about that there's one 125,000 coin
Packers off but I'm hoping that it's
going to be the 50,000 coin packs and
then in like an hour or two there'll be
a hundred thousand packs
come on EA
this has to be good I'm not getting
anyone and I'm not going to stop until I
get some above it's like first time I'm
not wearing a headset but whatever I
haven't got anything like I haven't got
anything worth talking about
whoa ba please I don't know what to do
yeah screw it guys ultimate pack I'm not
looking and go I'm going out of this is
a walk out that's a walk out pack okay
walking out
yeah yeah police blows yeah and yet
there's still five thousand people know
that there's gonna be better pack come
on last couple packs II know things are
awful it must be building up this is
what we need we need some really badly
produced music over this it's not badly
but I wait no that came out wrong
I'm saying that music isn't badly
produce I'm saying that the way in which
I am playing it instead of adding it to
the video I'm just playing it live now
I'm going to coins give me something
good to end on just so I can walk away
from the pack I want how it is my best
player I want to end on something a
little bit better than how it is come on
yeah
do not forget another blue rhymin who is
it boiling Lisbon Mach 98 minutes
there's another blue lads we've got a
blue that's two Blues right now I think
we've already got those three earlier
and now I'm going to wait until this
bear packs so bottle transition and
there we've got whit those one another
anyway I told you there be a hundred K
packs boom we straight in to try that
again
boom we straight in to a time charm boom
we straight in to a one dollar I must go
to bed oh I can't even get a walk out
yes blue sort walk out blue but it's
what I haven't got before who are you
Jorgenson eighty-seven rated as another
blue we haven't got yes
another blue not a big blue that's like
88 88 please why they all 87 cook off
one of the ones already had fuck's sake
Lucia Cobb and Vieira the duplicates
we've got so I don't want them again
Vieira greasy glue chicag lamps and
Martin Jorgenson as everyone half packed
so far finally walk out come on Vuitton
good
give me baton good give me it it's a
blow it's a blue walk out to get nice
and racing clever house
that's one of the better ones
how much as we go for I mean it's still
more than I paid for the past the
release right now Oh to back to back
it's someone who's a tree into era 87
Rae Adele all 87 rain for some reason
like in the lead player that you can
read and that's saying something will
there be three in a row
no but that's a big it's an in-form it's
Kiara bill does that mean like left in
Spanish really got five more but blue
you get a blue please don't do what I've
got how the big flare as well rumor
ninety-eight pays broom up and it
informed solved I don't know what I
don't know Joe to make out so welcome
welcome welcome come on come inside what
no not just to me to take to the last
cow walk out double or triple no chapel
we got a triple oh my god I don't I
don't look no look I don't want to look
yeah let's wrap all below there's a maze
of Roger
Bauman j√∂rgen sitting and I said I
don't care if it's a duplicate you're
getting three in a plaque who cares
that's the pack opening that is I mean
back back we just got another one we've
got another prick we've got the lead
flare again I don't care that we got you
answered already I'll be I'm happy with
another yes and it's leads this is
technically a last pack if I'm going to
stop there and I think I will because I
don't yeah sure sure
that is so mad right I packed 11
I packed 11 of them obviously I've got
the other duplicates that are on the
transfer list but if this sentiment I'm
stuffing now if that's in the battle
center defense images are left back I've
got an e I've got a team just made of
this that's Matt I'm actually I'm
actually just right now great so if you
are now seeing this outer it means that
there was no other packs there was no
other fed-up acts because if there's
hundred and twenty-five cape I will open
some of them to try and get some more
blue hopefully we'll get that baton good
but if you are seeing this it means
there aren't any packs so thank you guys
for watching hopefully enjoyed the Blues
I'm going to be opening more when the
new teams of season comes out thank you
guys for watching and see ya
you
