no more games except deeper look I've
done this intro before anyways I'll see
you guys last time before a new
formation because I don't really like
this formation the top comment wasn't
about formation it was to replace hazard
with the 89 hazard and by 87 informed
companies now we can't afford him 87 85
k so we managed to fire more for 79 k 87
rated company the team is time to get
sick and we found an 89 hazard for 69 K
so boom let's get him and we can sell
the other one we're out of coins though
we have we have no coins left the city
sells we'll just put them up and we can
now replace him with the 89 hazard now
I'm sorry byyee but you are going to be
replaced now I feel bad by you're so
good but freaking have informed company
which means must appease actually not
even gonna be playing now so this is the
theme we got a ski lodge bar formations
the next top comment but I could see
anywhere and I asked you hasn't fist up
what's the change to a 4-1-2-1-2 and
some pretty drastic changes to the team
because this wasn't the top comment I'm
not going to do it this episode because
we've got one F one game left in
Division two
if we lose we are relegated back to
Division three the shit land of division
three so we're going to play this game
now see if we can stay and then I want
the top comment of this to be a
formation with these players that's what
I'm sticking to just please let me stay
in Division two now we're fighting for
relegation we're trying to get a lot of
Belgian players as well but it's good
have the de bruyne company and then they
have a load of other players around them
ei let me have an easy game this time
okay he's got one blue it's an odd team
please just let me have an easy game
just make him rubbish make me win like
for Neil when he quit straight away ah
this is it this is it this is I've been
putting this off for a while I was going
to record this yesterday but I don't
want to get relegated so I'm not going
to all right this is good this is good
this is good this is good
go on I'm so rash thank you highly
booked in for him okay I'm gonna exploit
that I'm gonna try something because
you're both standing there oh oh just
want to do it good boy oh my god that is
a horrible horrible gold Oh God full
please please please I should have
passed it no hazard debut back that's a
daily bag special packs I could
above the hunter but it didn't really
make a difference I get a special pack
regardless ah
this is exactly what I was hoping for
just an easy game oh my god oh my god
please please you're renewing a minute
come on boys
you have no idea I'll guess I have about
that or the raid script special pack has
a goal on his debut special factor still
two gods to seven off games how do you
know ah there it is and we get some
coins seven and a half thousand coins
oh we stayed in Division two I have had
sleepless nights because of that and
there are special packs we get two of
these first of all for the two upsold
girls are still fantastic fan Pilate
tastic McCann Joe
realistically packs these days are just
a coin but that's all they are unless we
get someone amazing not like that as
Leslie have someone amazing they are
just coins the ragequit pack we get this
bad boy a few small flares so this is
eyes this is the big packs we get 30
cards 5000 coins now we get this one for
the debut has a goal has a slight pause
wasn't big enough wasn't a big enough
force and that is game one done we're in
Division two again we didn't even finish
the game so if we score again with
hazards I'm counting out to debut pack
alert the fitness is still 99 see the
thing I noticed about that last guy
right which I do take count of oh wow
okay we saw the 89 has the pussy doesn't
have the inform company the thing I
noticed I take note of what year their
club was made and because if they were
made in like 2011 or they're a founder
then I'm a little bit like us give me a
difficult game that guy was 2017 I'm
pretty certain they just got the game I
know they're in Division two but three
nil that quick see this is what gets me
worried anyone who passes backwards
straight away it's just I don't know
what they're going to do yeah and this
is why I'm worried because can I borrow
Yuji oh dear oh dear
yeah okay I am a little bit worried now
I'm trying I'm sure it's the day of
trying things I'm trying another thing
boom
yo I actually got that show off tonight
I feel even canavaro canavaro you legend
me what that's not a foul no that's a
bang
how's it fit us finish please there was
upside corn hazard no why didn't you why
didn't you do the spin Lenny doesn't
spin there and that was a hazard is
destroying right now
but I can't get that final pass it's a
final one I don't know what I'll eat ro
how is it you just fouled hunter you fat
fucking one has a 600 okay we're not
losing we're not losing that's the key
thing here wit that means we just need
one goal we're winning but it's a very
even game but I feel like we could have
scored all right second half here we go
Marni Marni hold him off and then takes
it back oh no hazard was there Oh Kyle
Kyle mate yeah and then the triple tap
the triple tap of dreams for the hunter
goal there we go that's a special fact I
don't know what to do with these only up
for that and I just put ball in there
try and flick it on okay I'll tell that
I'll say that Hunter oh it was good
effort great effort I am absolutely
cutting this guy open right now but oh
oh - Brian - Brian please Brian maybe I
should have been like a little chip or
something I don't know oh shit win it
win it win it oh oh night Thank You ref
that was disgusting rare howard
company's got away with so many you know
ii bruh bruh eber to eber to someone go
to him kind of borrow it like it's the
only one doing anything ah oh I wish I'd
scored that I think I would have just
far all after this get the ball all have
to do is get the ball get the ball in
it's over
get the ball oh my god please just all I
need is the ball just just tackle one
time even if I go there's a fourth win
of the division that's going well
oops oh man
actually that's to mana hatches there's
a hunter gold special fact still really
okay that's one special pack one seven
and a half day pack and it's only I okay
back for that we get two of these bad
boys ham easily gives give us something
good
nope nothing good at all that was so
quick not even of rare not even a rare
player and now we get a special pack for
the hunter goal here we go no walk out
not even a big flare not even a big
freaking flash just because the first
guy quit in seven minutes we're gonna
play third you know what let's actually
give him the attributes card now I'm
gonna go cool you know
see now this guy was a 20-17 as well but
I think he's going to be very good
because he had a locks kit and if he
cares enough to go about a lot kit than
he cares to see what we got this is the
true test Game three no one ever goes to
Game three on this series when I say no
one I mean me cuz I'm the only one
that's laying I'm already sensing I
should have just called it a day where I
was because this guy is very better I'm
struggling with English right now what
is going on please turn around I always
go as he got this much time as he got
that much Oh get it get it I am
struggling
I'm really oh this guy he plays quick he
plays very very quick come on hazard
come on come on you know what bang oh
that wasn't actually far away that was I
see a good effort has it gone de Bruyne
come on think such finesse oh wow anyway
I'm getting back into this game now and
he look look he's he's actually good
this guy is very good oh no how does it
I'll be spinning around like that come
on go go this last shot lost another
mind half time I just need to get one to
get back into it had two shots from like
a six yard box and I've missed both oh I
need a goal though I need a goal that's
the key thing here hertzel gone see him
and smoke it no no no no no no just mr.
vault up no sir hey er just hit the ball
in
the hair actually the ball in it was I
wasn't going in it wasn't going 100% I
knew I should have stopped man I should
have stopped when I had the chance
Kyle Kyle pass it nice oh oh oh this guy
is the straining is hell money money oh
I just needed it like a pen or something
there just anything to go my way
corn great ball right you know what
attacking attacking there's a ball in
hunter with your physical as an
increased physical so well done all that
attacking I've got one player forward
all-out attack that is not all-out
attack Wow hahahahaha Wow how are you
get in these chances yeah I know you're
going down the lines we all know you're
going down the line give me the ball
back you little bitch far side gone Kyle
Kyle if there's a if there's a god
there's no good well that was a very big
statement I didn't mean that
there it is we read it to Neal I don't
know how all those two Nils in it was
good don't get me wrong doing any well
maybe I did deserve to lose oh damn see
I just wasn't clinical ten shots two on
target obviously our first aim is to
just stay up but we need six wins to get
promoted we've got one and we got eight
games left of five out of eight we need
one week where we get two wins
hopefully we'll sell these soo which
would be we'd have 120,000 coin so as I
said let me know what you want to do we
need to change formation I think maybe
your minute work there so that's all for
today thank you guys for watching and
