what's up everyone and welcome back to
another reddit 5050 challenge today I
have a very special guest they are one
of my favorite people in the world and
they just lit two hundred thousand
subscribers
Steve and try oh wait now I hear you're
a dickhead
it will overheat them I was a good you
good yeah shame you're not Steven but I
mean I want to look reported in this
video but that's saying that's not
change if you guys don't know well any
by any chance you can check them out in
the description it's really good and eat
your favorite youtuber and if I can get
my favorite youtuber on these quizzes
nearly as good as yours and as quick as
nearly as good of mine subdue well any
that's all I'm excited you know I just
don't want to see anything particularly
awful while you come to the wrong place
as you are the guest you're going to go
first and I play first two five okay I
will read the question and newtralizer
do you think that you're going to see
the motivational speech seems Braveheart
hang on hang on hang on
someone's coming I've got both Josh
Angie in the flash but not a good sorry
could go again
nobody because you are in Italy the
motivational speech being for Braveheart
or pizza delivery guys killed when the
bomb around his neck explodes
I reckon right that sounds brutal but
we're just we're going to get it easy
for the first one I think we're going to
see some motivational speech to decay
what awesome Mel Gibson yeah one of
those ones all right well let's me if
you're right it's been deleted but it
was a great party copy right side well
ladies where are you about to see a cat
versus balloons compilation or the
aftermath of a girl who fell into old
G's as a girl who fell into a lake full
of piranhas
I mean this was start out pretty graphic
just cuz you're almost the good one I'm
gonna go for the piranhas fifty fifty s
yes I hope I'm wrong
oh my god oh oh yeah how come they just
decide to stop when he got they got like
that far up they are they just like
either uniblab in it with what legs did
she jumbo so you can use your office
okay God alright it let's get that off
my Jesus Cruz she can stop that Simon
that's not a question you should be
asking right now it was a genuine
because I guess eaten that con no sorry
not is the wrong kind of a girl
oh all right it's one old this is like
the first time anyone has kept up I
think I've won every time I play this I
swear you didn't tell me this before we
started then you might know fun okay
okay do you think dog chases tail and
catches it as a Marlin impaled
fisherman's leg who's more lead by a
fish less efficient decision everything
you know one fish steamed I want to see
the dog so I'm just thinking wishful
thinking we're going to see a dog right
now you want to do the dog I was it is
because I've never seen a dog catchers
entail 3 2 1 aah aah that's not a fish
that's a splatter
that's the end of its nose I think the
fish came off worse they at least say
he's gonna get you select about he's not
gonna get his nose back oh is life oh
that's that she does a show are you
going to see a young fan gives a decoy
ball to a pretty lady or a letter
taking out a newborn in parlor is that
how you pronounce it I think so
literally literally minutes I don't see
that I'm going to go is that I just want
to see a pretty lady 3 2 1 I'm not
watching it I know come on if you're me
you got but your video okay I'll watch
it yeah keep watchin yeah no we should
ditch the child right even even the
leopard cobbling whatever let me see the
camera like really
oh my that was even looking at it like
yeah yeah like no because this is amount
of bad leopard a homerun ball hits a guy
in the dick then a girl in the face
right okay or an aftermath of a piranha
attack another one okay what's the fish
scene with this is the last month right
now I'm going to see we're going to say
see a guy get hit in the dick all right
three two one oh yeah yeah I mean I know
you got it right but oh to be fair right
he's a good swing attorney what with the
day honest you I deflect about what
right in it both of them in the head
ah-ha should have 100
are you going to see a man murdered in a
basketball court or a baboon eating a
baby gazelle alive you don't want to see
another hanging a baby one it's just
like a savage episode of animal kingdom
or something that's why I never watched
it as a child anyway right I'm going
with the basketball court murder okay
okay it's gonna do like a fake one way
and the guy is just gonna fall all right
okay and then you'll know you waste it
as well I you're doing the most yeah
with these predictions three two one
baboon eating gazelle alive Oh No
so I don't want to see this but I'm
winning yeah I'm gonna just not watch it
just say yeah you got the point well do
you say you're going to see a girl being
thrown off bridge by angry anger by
chemistry or funny backwards gift
playful life I'm going to see a funny
backwards gift and I'm going to take a
3-1 lead you don't need to get this
right okay but what you reckon the gift
is gonna be all right okay so I don't
know what's gonna happen but I'm gonna
make a shout here it's gonna involve
fish good job I want to be listed it's
going to be someone pulling but it's
gonna be back please
well I pretty well hope it's not for
their corner find out let's relate to
one girl being thrown a fridge oh that's
a bit steep for not pain like a 1 pound
20 fish
she climbed it though either way it was
backwards oh wait that was the funny bug
was gig man but it wasn't funny you know
it's funny because I think we just
realized that he just saved a life
hang on so does that mean I win ah yeah
you got that you got it right Simon are
you going to hear the dispatch Ito remix
of just went with juice and Beaver or a
high-speed boat accident Kapil's to
people to their deaths
that song is bangin okay it's our
banging so just let Justin Bieber speak
Spanish so I'm gonna go with the
plantation Justin be any oh yeah oh my
this is one of those ones that you care
you want to keep watching though oh shit
Marge that's a straight line you're
knocked out and then straight dead do
you gonna see a dude drink his piss on
Twitch for $300 and getting on or
skateboarding down a mountain much
rather see the bad one then maybe the
case it'd be good what were you rather
I'm intriguing to focus yes keyboard and
oh no in skateboarding you ready Kay
just it's just that our interest is
implied day I'm just going to taking you
to the drink your own piss CPM slow
Simon if we're talking like a can like a
coke can
how much for a shot glass 150 quid
hundred rupee quid lunge it vertically
I'll pay you on jump it's equipped okay
let's find out here right you okay
boarding right right wait - well this is
a stream that's about that's about it
sure yeah nice to show us Co it's not a
yellow as well ah ah Simon he adjoint er
that look in his eyes he had a great
time I've had worse reactions to the
kina yeah exactly
so are we about to see a cool look at a
beating heart or a woman dying from a
heart attack caused by a YouTube prank I
bet it's gonna be sad hover in it I hope
the video bank for them Jesus so gonna
mail and then it's a cool look at a
beating heart
okay train route - who was one mad at
nah that's not cool at oh man rim but
why is that the couch one I got it right
yes three two and this is for you to go
forth to ahead oh can you believe you're
saying that like no I've been just a
loser on you I was the best day I've
been behind before but I didn't want to
say that mmm
I mean good it coming from behind okay
anyway but I'll be do things you're
gonna see a puppy trying to eat a lemon
and free now for an idiot it's dead Oh
freaks out I'm sticking with the wishful
thinking what I really want to see this
puppy instead of the wolf spider free
cereal aha King spider
oh look like the type of bloke who would
eat spiders and all oh oh
look son a good time that music behind
it though it's a video of disturbing a
nest of recluse spiders or meeting an
albino ferret I'm going to go the
spiders three two one or is a ferret
coming out oh that's good because I got
to see it sorry I'm you didn't win so
it's still three two to you and we're
gonna go for a mad one do you think
we're going to see a swan successfully
defending their stolen eggs from
predator snakes okay that's the scenario
I don't why they need specify they would
guess one yeah
or bird eating a penguin alive by
ripping its intestine out its ass Jesus
you didn't have to slow that down that
made it even worse
Wright is mad and we're going to see a
penguin get a bit seven more I want to
see doing
Oh a stroller off straight off straight
off that was that put in some spaghetti
that's wasted when when he found his
wife cheating ha ha ha four three three
so you know yes there are two knee or
something to do that until dawn cosplay
babes touch each other's asses for fun a
gruesome leg break on a trampoline I
mean I want to see the cosplay really
and it is yeah semi not-safe-for-work
okay there until yeah just little Ollie
put some mud on their face yeah what's
going on here is that really I say for
work I in just hippies in Italy just
another shower in oil ha ha do you think
you're gonna see a world record Formula
one pit stop or a track official hit
wire Formula One car we're going to see
a world record same that's what you know
directly uh yeah I'm confident so me
alone a Hawaiian doubt is your record
but this is a little bit of mad why
can't I do that was my range are you
avoiding Natalie Portman making out with
Mila Kunis or a man slowly dying on the
street after being shot while trying to
rob a pregnant woman in Brazil I'm going
to go with the man slowly dying purely
for the fact that if it is Natalie
Portman making out with Mila Kunis I
won't be upset Oh mad ok cool three two
one go oh it's love it's the manager
died on the street that's never a good
time oh my days he's pretty good okay
well I write well okay well I've done
this previously where it's got into
sudden death I'm willing to offer you a
choice we can even go sudden-death where
you know if you get one right and I get
it wrong you win or I will give you
everything on the line and say if you
get it right you win if you get it wrong
you lose the assignment I think I'm Afra
Gumbel you know your offer the gamble
I'm so for this bill has decided to take
the gamble so if he gets it right I
think you are the first person to beat
me I may be wrong but I genuinely really
want this I can't even like III are
going for a random whatever going to see
Tom Hollands and then Dyer dancing or
she's a pretty nice chef seneschal for
dinner okay this is one of those ones
right where I feel like having fun then
finding a video of a Japanese chef white
and he's balls on the table I feel like
that's just too good not to
in the link like for the food yeah I
know exactly so the final call I'm going
for this blue cock so you'll go with the
Japanese chef Mike nice balls yet we
will find out the winner in three two
one
what is video bTW what he said Lee I'm
seeing edge in Russia scrotal skin and
three millimeters of pubic hair gross
he properly garnished it and everything
garnished with button mushrooms there
are Simon if you're serving someone or
Willie is Amelia get it you're gonna
have to put some effort I don't have a
shower
but again next Tuesday can you say I'll
have a shower normal even nicer normally
just have a shallow mr. will nie it's
the new champion ah money I know you've
done this before you loser Skakel a
loser
hi I don't have a cell focus loser ha ha
ha t bright people watch your German
well that is all for the challenge today
we did actually film a video quite a
while ago for wills channel where we did
in youtuber mastermind so I will leave a
link to that in the description as well
and why / they make sure you sub to oil
any my my voice a minute but that's all
for today thank you guys watching thank
you will for playing thankful for
winning you mean so much playing keep
playing successfully for sure and clear
