yes OB Joe Simon you notice it imagine
if right imagine if we went to both
Champions League semi-finals I'm
imagining how how does it happen how you
are yeah well I don't know Toby if only
there was an app that were willing to
take up do you had one couple yeah
one football yeah once of those they're
very interested I'm down to do down I'm
down as we go yes all right let's go
then they'll get this responsive faintly
good okay well yeah anyway on a real
note one football actually sent us both
out here to go to the event to be
monitored game tonight and then tomorrow
we're going to the Madrid derby for the
second Champions League which Madrid
exactly if you don't nobody app already
it's like a football news flash live
update slash lineups everything like
that they'll alternate lineups I mean I
wasn't even going to do anything if this
is it you can I customize as you get
notifications fillet your team so
whenever there's a goal so you know
whenever leaves concede which is a lot I
go everyone's not stopped by substance
at value actually goes down I'm off
voice I'm gonna put in hundreds in
rightly I don't have a problem any
nitrous or no no enormous I was true but
yeah they made this possible so they
have sent us out here so I'm going to be
blogging Toby's going to be blogging as
well you can check out the app in the
description but but now with in Italy I
didn't actually animation say when in
Rome edges when I don't do as the Romans
do orgies candy giggle convene or it's
like this is the place Toby chose I mean
you chose the place like no boxes
alright anyway you know football maps
coming up I'm not being like that mmm
nope this water only thing that that's
not what's not looking very calm there
Toby I've got it all right to my far as
a Toby for some reason has called this
the spinner Matic is I don't like it was
only like two clouds in the sky and he's
wearing a coat what kind of guys alright
we've got like four hours until the game
so we're going to go back we're
absolutely dead right now but you know
what we don't do in the max no I'll take
nap all right before we get it again
quick room tour okay so bathroom this is
like some Sims flooring in here but yeah
this is the bathroom
that's a shower I'm thinking about
coming to shower connoisseur the nice
view out there and then into the bedroom
it's a pretty standard room is now I
don't know if that food was here before
I got here or not but anyway this is my
room Mario's we're going out at about
half an hour I'm going to quickly upload
a video and then we are headed off to
pick up the ticket and hopefully get a
event
poor girl again 12 seconds later he's
doing another spin o matic this guy
needs to stop at score predictions go
3-1 even to when you vent this we didn't
say that earlier what we feel right now
it will be like for Neil you know they
call it stadium Toby the stadium ya know
why they call it that because it's a
saviour why'd you have to ruin all my
church I don't know what you want me to
say I'm going to go Weiss I'm too late
now
you know they call the stadium Toby Oh
Simon what did they call it the stadium
you know why
no Simon what do they call it because
it's a stadium you know ha ha ha
I made it just in time you hear this and
fifteen-day me the players now excited
can't even hear us the view stop it just
go come on you ready
oh my back game done
that's one finalist decided I got the
prediction right yes but I've got the
goals reported two of them yeah they're
done actually here already I wanna told
ya right now we need to try and figure
out how to go home because there are no
no come with it so I can finish so is
that we made a home now we're going to
get food yeah we found one place that
serves food and it's Gina tuna what was
the other choice Toby I want to die the
next day to Madrid the first packet of
Madrid yeah I forgot today we had to
stop in Rome so I remember we said When
in Rome around here everyone up know
there's a lot of people here though Toby
and we're in Madrid the weirdest hotel
this is genuinely the first time I have
been in the room this is so it is a
pretty sick coat oh it's just very weird
issue is it is currently 60 M and the
game starts at 8:45 it takes like 25
minutes to get there and we want to go
buy a shirt we need to leave pretty soon
so this is going to be the quickest room
to ever although were they with our bed
mirror and that lighting though no no
time anyway pop Oh fancy shower purple
sink me me me again TV with me well that
can tell the future will Real Madrid win
turn the light on it yes oh anyways
enough bad jokes let's actually go to
the game I just need to upload one more
video right so we have an hour and 45
minutes till kickoff vicente calderon
Toby what stop stop that what is your
score prediction for tonight I'm going
to go with three one three one two
Madrid oh hey I'm just saying if
Renaldo's playing then I'll agree with
you he is playing
remember on display so you I'm going
with your results
anyway we made it we made it and we got
a box with something with all they knew
they knew I'd need is the legroom again
Millis pop realizing that is a madness
you're moving today know why this dude
right here is walking around selling
popcorn that is everything I want in
life
football and popcorn
an air pump yeah
would you pay for this morning
lavender the flapper honestly that's
something maybe what's going to be it'll
be through the hardest time I love you
do
Oh
thank you
anyways that was literally incredible
first off of insane second I'm not so
much but yeah incredible but they you
gave what was going on how sick is this
t-shirt are they I think of the teacher
mother like a scale of one to Toby
yeah nice we got food what do we get
this is mine but I think that's yours
this is mine yep that's mine you know
that creepy wave some people do they do
this
you can win it we have to be up at 6:30
so it's only it's only half 12 or
numbness it it's half 11 in England
right now and I'm about to go to bed
this is mad are we going to Netflix I'll
catch you in the morning I think it's
time to throw this away as well that it
my ticket from yesterday that's
literally like rock solid and then came
time to go
are you were right by the way Toby
you're right it was the ancient
Mesopotamians my intimacy tears there
was a banging shower cause I'm trying to
say oh yeah yeah I hope you know was if
that makes sense yeah we're not when I'm
not jealous
well goodbye into the source of the
earth could tell we don't make much
sense in mourning this is also a feeling
right now we looking at we're looking at
right now okay why are you doing it
because it's both I don't I appropriate
this is shinless lift I thought how
about locking someone there hi
party wall tillich to this fighting
all right so it is the day of the return
I am now actually editing the video
hence where you can see this this is
actually the video right now so what you
are watching is what is on that but I
just want to say thank you guys for
watching the video and also a massive
massive thank you to one football for
taking us and make sure you guys check
out the app in the description and check
out there were socials and everything
but it genuinely was is one of those
things where I always say no to these
kind of things words it's like oh you
can go to these games and stuff and I've
been saying no for the last like year or
so and I finally said yes and I don't
regret it at all means that we had a
sick time to thank you guys playing us
you know get these opportunities and
stuff and thanks one football again and
yeah that's all for today if you guys
like vlogs let me know whether likely
sure you guys subscribe as well thanks
for watching and sweep picking your nose
why did you cover that let that happen
if this video gets a hundred thousand
likes I'll buy that car but Toby alright
sure
wait no I didn't make the first mods on
tronic bit press badmouth Bucky gone
yeah you are yeah you are by the first
time this is mental
the garden
