spinning entrance today is a big day
why you ask not only can we secure
safety in this division by getting one
point out of the two games today
if we win both games or even win and
draw there's even a chance of promotion
into the Holy Land Division one we are
also looking at a top comment and that
top comment ladies and gentlemen is by a
legend now this wasn't alone this wasn't
the only comment another top comment was
to buy a legend of your choice maybe a
defender so I tweaked it out asking the
results were pretty conclusive it seemed
like you know people were like miles
Dini that's the little out of our price
range those people like play old but
he's a little bit slow to say he was a
good shot but again too expensive so we
hold up wait wait wait when I tweeted
this out he wasn't that expensive he's
gone up like 100k he I could afford him
there was one I could afford okay hmm I
mean this is an ideal but we've had the
lower of aim to the second most voted
and that was Cannavaro a hundred and
fifty one thousand coin you know what we
kids we should just game we get we've
got him we still have enough to buy
another Cannavaro if we wanted luckily
we did sell Alito and sand your last
time so you know we're in good standing
with coins now the question is who do we
get rid of he is lower rated we'll keep
him on the bench for I don't know if
he's gonna play I'm going to make my
wingback stay back while I'm attacking
again I'm gonna just try it for a game
and see if it helps Stan say I'm gonna
try and put him to aggressive
interceptions as well I've tried some
weird type things okay might not work
but we'll see let's see what we got a
face I'm assuming because I have a
legend I'm gonna get some good teams
okay for my splash guard he's got two
informs it's a d it's a good team let's
see how this works out come on
easy game please just just an easy game
would be lovely would be serendipity
okay that's all this is actually kind of
working this is kind of work
oh good through we're won a lot already
the main things I remember is we cannot
lose if I win and draw we can still get
promoted if I win and lose we can we
have to win win draw minimum Oh sugar
hunter is kind of up Oh
daddy you just step forward when you
shouldn't have Wow Wow Wow Mustafi again
but the new boy Cannavaro is there oh
this guy's not pleased not bad he's not
bad
really sure what is that goal intercept
oh go ahead take a run go on please
please no go come on
uh no II didn't even change player Oh
both sides not quite okay
that's what doubt hazard
you weren't even near it Oh sugar Oh
Omar
oh my oh my
canavaro canavaro you you see Kyle
Walker just running him about running
him about I'm gonna I've taken too many
touches beauty beautiful what the SWAT
team at our fun this is so frustrating
it's unreal can't a beauty
what what what big ice almost flubbed it
again no no no no no don't you do not
yes yes that's ill why have you not like
it so cop off I don't do actually can't
pass for me I don't know what it is I
think I bought a broken one man an hole
is least in players looking for that all
the doubters out there oh that almost do
you doubt was eat each smelled you smell
smell I don't know I know what it is all
I know is I don't trust that up to any
more with this parting oh no who stepped
out so that was kind of oh it's kind of
are you can't you can't be not winning
you got not head that are my team is
crumbling
my team's crumbling look look the
crumble you see that he's missed one
tackle and does the gold like okay and
he didn't score but how does my player
just miss that how to features I would
be doing that there's a with lost we're
out this is frickin this divisions over
already because the oh we have to go all
through it will go all out attack we
have to because yes you have nothing to
lose really okay thanks
are you are you serious I mean I was
losing so every 10 then cool oh my god
it was him because that it was actually
him it was him we have to play another
two cakes well I mean we were losing so
Thank You yay ha game one bracket two I
guess
DPL team but a decent one let's go again
lads come on let me see let me see what
you got I was dying to you know knock
the ball about a little bit time to
knock the ball out a little bit can take
oh wow how we got away with that I will
never know come on it's a good attack
good hold him off for what oh and then
phosphide Oh can't say you did so
freakin well well played well played I
really rate that really respect the
effort I feel we can all we can hope for
his effort my name is attack I don't
know how he does it I have that oh good
you're on sides on sides on side you're
on
oh that was a poor touch but I've got
the back rest alright was loud as I'm
noting touch why didn't I think such
towards go and then just bang it tell
you what every time he gets a frickin
attack it is panic stations with me yeah
look he's gonna he's trying to play the
ball he wants to play that ball he wants
to play him he what canavaro canavaro
why did you not there we go well it kind
of my run towards him I tried telling
Noll time all I want is to go to
Division one just one why can't I and I
know it's because I'm shit okay you
don't need to say it I'm actually so
pissed right now oh my god when I'm
pissed I actually play worse I need to
just take a breath chill this is my shot
this is my chance this is my chance to
brine somatic or should I have gone
nipples I don't know should I can I can
I pass to him like if I pass to him
would it work yes know who didn't jump
one player and his team didn't jump and
that screwed me over
Oh sugar honey ice team he scores it's
all over it's all over it's all boys the
Division one dream is over nothing to
lose as the all-out attack then we can
even pull it back to a draw see the
problem with this tactic is it is
literally gonna eat us
screw me or be deceiving Greek and I
mean we haven't found out yet please
just tackle him don't let him don't stop
keep up okay I'll take it I guess if you
can get there to growing okay yeah my
keepers hop it's game over
let's do the ball like that oh it's game
over so badly oh my god my pace against
Coleman is over I'll just blow you with
the rest just blow your whistle
I even care anymore wait I didn't even
open a pack last time did I no I didn't
even open a pack for the last goal we
got in the last game but that means we
can't get promotion and now we're
fighting for relegation you know I don't
even know scored but we're just going to
open one of these for them to depress
we're opening a 45k pack are they even
good I mean no packs are realistically
good others that code the cough no it's
not it's small oblong yo screw again
pack was giving him a consumable yep
just have one of those
all I'm saying yes can Amaro's sending
me played two games well bullets they're
not the best ones just saying yeah can
tomorrow two games almost two games and
we lost both of them while fix up man
keep us in Division two it's beautiful
yep thinks I'm turning back I'm not I'm
passing it back out to here so that
still to hazard to turn back I'm making
too much work with this on I
I wish do I think that's like base my
mantra of life has a hazard what that
looks at how many players he has back
it's ridiculous
I don't know how what like what settings
does everyone use how do people make
their defense stay so far back like Gary
Cahill has yellow this is my plan get
him sent off or this is a good situation
I'm in yeah wait and then carry out the
other line and sure what's up
what the no wait touch that so please
all hazards hazard of the way tablet of
the way
okay puts up thanks
boom what the hell was that Finnish come
at me and then I can put a ball into
their people
I hope school corners I don't know why I
even pretend like I want them you know I
actually don't understand right every
time I open my mouth to say something I
lose the ball oh my god and his attack
is just mental but I really don't
actually like this formation anything
I'd be down to SWAT if the top comment
is to swap I'd be very very happy and
there's halftime Neil Neil Neil freaking
Neil why can't I score huh okay oh it's
a little too close for my liking too
close not happy with this passing eye
he's definitely got his older brother on
the sticks right now there's no he
wouldn't pass it around like this
beforehand there's no chance no freaking
chance that he would have done this
before hand yep see no way no way he
would have done that before he is just
SWAT player oh my god we're actually
gonna get relegated not even like we
were we were one of promotion come on
hunter come on come on I can point up a
plus six attribute just still rubbish we
not can we not do this can you not do
that week
haha free oh my god ultra attacking
again all-out attack because I don't
want to completely ruin any type of hat
oh please please please hazard you
little one now make complete sense about
that give me give me genuine suggestions
what I do I have to draw my next game
minimum and here's a sport well and
there's no stuffy guys I hate this I
really hate this about you're relegated
do it off camera getting back to the
vision to our livestream it do I carry
on like normal what do I do let me know
I got a goal in the end with hazard but
I don't want to do I'm just I'm not good
enough to be in Division one and these
packs are done helping the pack so
realistically I may as well just get
coins 170 thousand coins Cannavaro open
season sweep am NOT I was going to call
him rubbish but you've been good I've
just been awful day for watching and see
you
