yo guys what's up and welcome to another
route to glory I have four friends I
guess they're here to take penalties
against it today is a goalkeeper
challenge I'm gonna go and go up to ten
penalties every penalty that I save or
you miss I get a pack just say if you
oh that's kinda redeem myself the one
penny left the final pack
okay so we got three packs let's go back
into division nine okay so the top
comment today was to take ten penalties
from the side men but you know what
that's pretty much an impossible task so
I got them to do it instead we got three
saves I know I took 12 but you know what
I should have said the first two so we
get three packs
we're in Division nine which kind of
sucks hopefully today we get out of that
that means we only get the premium
bronze pack I know you guys are like oh
but we want better packs but you know
what we're getting there this is
division nine it's we're pretty much out
division ah we just need to win one and
draw one today come on please if not ah
Pulu okay right back we finally get
right back English right back hack
number two I'm happy we got it English
right back any English players right now
are sick and then obviously well okay
yeah we're good so is that his little
brother or something I mean we'll keep
him just in case we'll keep the right
back cuz some you never know so I'm a
sudden my ball is called the C not in a
sexual way how does that ball hard to
see and the final pack for today we only
got three room but I have pre-recorded
so don't worry there will be a new
episode out quite soon Canadian big up
Canada also we actually might use him
cuz he's in an English league he's
Canadian and I love Canada okay so I
think this is the team we agreed we're
gonna start with today but actually I'm
gonna trade out this right back get rid
of this geezer and now we can put in
long there we go
Oh 99 Kem it's not gonna use the centre
back are we actually we might have to so
I'm hoping that somehow - three okay
there we go perfect I mean we're not
gonna use him right now because Emmanuel
Thomas is fine but now we have a sub
striker now the other top comment that
only selected one player because I don't
choose them if they select more than one
player guys you'll remember that they
said yet Victor when Yama because he is
mustard and he is so strong what if he's
like Dijon mustard whatever you know
what we're buying it okay guys I'm gonna
take you into my own like hands here and
I'm getting actually getting as a center
mid he is an extra couple hundred coins
but it's probably cheaper than a CDM to
CM so I'm just gonna get we still have
seven and a half thousand coins don't
worry that means that I can now play him
like here
seven though oh okay plus three okay
that's better
guys we need a centre-back next game we
need it we need a centre-back alright
we've done enough talking we did enough
buying we done enough football let's
let's just play current season three
wins at three two wins today let's go
boys I've got the arm all mighty cuckoos
and they're pretty her how you in
division nice he's got an informer spots
he's got the haunted I claim it so nice
all right time to pull out the bag Simon
all right let's get when you're must
some touches where are you when you're
ma where are you tap it off that's not
when you're ma where's Wendy Yama Yama
oh no oh no no that's fine I got
bottling dingo oh nice delft all the big
touch gone long this is this debut he's
got cold feet
it's fine oh I've seen it opening I've
seen an opening I've seen an opening
pull it don't go Matt Matt Olien no way
I'm not opening a pack for scoring a
goal with her--let okay okay but foul
him no I didn't say that I didn't who
are how is it one Yama you're a whole
sugar why delight way why did I even
like why do I even question it I've got
Butland bro I need to just be a lot more
confident in myself
yeah go on turn always don't well it's
not very well big tackle oh man like
plumber come on No
why isn't that just going to delve like
delve is literally right in front of you
it's like I look I can see you over
there
I mean we're winning it's a pretty
shitty game at the moment I just want to
win I want to like I want this win
streak to go on as long as possible
ah you've suddenly got a little bit more
attacking her but still gonna work
brother SID lay off one more and boom
how am I not scoring there no no no no
no no God no oh nice okay where are you
hit
hello I see you who lit that's the bow
let's not all it okay we'll take yours a
decent effort
okay I'm panicking I'm panicking I'm
panicking mode rich bow of every way to
score that was literally the lupus shot
that's why he's cool it was cool like
loopy cuckoo or something like that
we're actually gonna draw this game come
on Austin Austin hold him off Austin so
let it slowly pull it
you're early you should school that go
in your ma go in youma plus it finesse
for the bank Bank Bank bank i'll is just
spam shoot for like the lost i don't
know how long but man like austin oh no
no no no yeah course this shitty stupid
game this game is song shit what is this
what is what is this how do I get did I
get that was my last chance I was too
focused on what this stupid stuff was I
mean we didn't need to win both games
today but I wanted to just win as many
as I could right Jagielka you got to
come off we can put on we've got playing
this Vanguard we have one of these I'm
gonna use it
the team was struggling gotta put some
contracts on two but apparently we just
got bored okay what do we get for that
still a silver action guys I know this
doesn't sound like much but imagine if
it's a good centre back right mid don't
even play midfielders okay plus we don't
play Seidman photos but you know what
it's a right way what am i doing I can
play everyone I can play like I can play
him and I can play Delft and I play this
weirdo get back in there Jackie okay see
I'm not gonna play this sent amid just
because the left back goes down to like
a three we'll stick with what it is
right now that's not that's probably our
strongest team we can make alright let's
see what you got he's got an Xbox kit
which probably means he plays the game
quite a bit hmm I mean it's not as good
as the last guys that's all I can take
still 100 chem still good play at some
decent players that's a wonky smile what
can get rid get rid get rid get rid what
I took out my own play man like her lip
man like bullet it's gonna bend it in
top and easily she just walks over and
like court here we go figure think it oh
my god Charlie Austin you beautiful man
that no ding Charlie Austin is now
called lil dink he's gonna become a
rapper hey cuz I'm now closing down
pause it no no no no no no tackle
that's not pen do not give a pen man
like when yo ma plays it in please it
what like that white ok ok no forget it
forget that I complained pull it when a
junior Manuel Thomas just going the way
and he's just got a chance
go yeah hey miss hey miss and that what
am i doing my defense and he's actually
got another chance and he's pulled I was
in and he's actually getting another
keeps Butland Butland oh my god Portland
do you hear oh oh go go Charlie Charlie
Charlie are you I mean I mean I'm in
little dink lil dink good go although he
can't he can't shoot like that and then
call him little ding you know what
loading is his rap name and he's gonna
score that is like yeah gets a halftime
and I'm not I'm not winning either I
don't want any the game I mean I still
have another half but look that is bad
this is really bad
you know what no I'm a second half
player it's what I've always said what
the fuck is that for a ball where is my
defense I know Defoe's good but come on
come on oh yeah brilliant brilliant Zaha
it so hard
I didn't even slide didn't even slide
there he went well oh my god surely
Austin Elba lilting wise all I'm saying
is when Yama has not been the boy big
tackle no no no no now the area
oh he's on Charlie Austin lil pop no no
bump I meant no dick oh fuck fuck that's
the goal yeah what did I say what did I
say he'll score from ahh oh I've got
another chance though little dink little
dick little dick little dick no no no
really
Boston just does that that was the most
ridiculously quick reaction ever I want
to win and I'm so happy yet give him
give him everything give him your ref
give him your boots - lil dink had the
game of his life boom one title and
three thousand we've got six thousand
coins we have eleven and a half thousand
coins you guys need to let me know what
one play want me to buy it so what will
be the one I choose if it's one player
impossible that's it for today thanks
for watching hope you enjoyed this
episode over its glory hopefully I'll
have more soon and yeah
wait when I get the ball and know where
to put it
on that front right corner who's willing
to eat funny that's what I practiced ah
stay on playing at B my knee my knee my
knee I said I've got to eat finally
that's what I practiced that I stay on
playing at pre-mining
I said I'm gonna eat funny try practice
for sale point
