I know yeah us to start video hey guys
I'm again and welcome to something we
have done before we're revisiting the
accent challenge we're playing a game
called accentuate where basically
there's like 30 different accents and
then there are film quotes and they have
to try and say it and you guys can
decide who is the best moment is what
I'm saying back on eternity and forward
game we really absolute order okay it's
fine
so the quote we're gonna have to say
learning is always a painful person so
it's of a family like the English this
is my happen okay judge your figuration
and God Indian Agatha Sundance when he
does there's a bunch as an actor anyway
oh no you know I think I think I think
you only got like a point if valid
without an important point but not
important no there is a point if the
other people can get your action you get
a point they can't but you still decided
is the best again you're my rope
evidence unit says being over
learning is always a painful Guardian
hey there's audio 2.0 I don't know how
to do yeah haha
Oh tell me learning is always painful
pieces trafficking third night in no
living there will need to be super since
like the early English exam that's a
halogen touch yeah the only thing I
could be really happy with the only
thing you related to the learning is
always a painful process
Rob is it French no no no X no learning
it was a painful process
Spanish hey Charlie for you just watch
your eyes directly
that the gay so the next quotation is
this is very long this one okay whenever
I get gloomy with the state of the world
I think about the arrivals case be
careful if I thought I'd share it easy
access by Indian so I gave us just what
I said but I don't guess okay I can say
go read the whole thing coming closely
whenever I get gloom you the stated
world you guys are you able gatekeeper
air force that's good oh good good
well I want you thank me like that
cottage
whenever like whenever I get going you
with this state of the land rocking
about yeah not sure how do you go I
think about the 11th gate disputable
yeah
organizer no don't open and then book
I hope whenever I get gloomy with tips
tear off tip well think about its around
there II throw Airport which is awesome
it's like what if you're sure I don't
know that by the quotation this time you
know scream then for a brutha yeah
awesome yeah yeah why is it cooking
funny about it when I got a second
everybody good friend
you're a very good came friendship
you're cruisin for a bruisin about you
bad bad bad let me do it again
you're cruisin for a bruisin I mean I
think I know what it is
laughs Everio you not to me you're a
cruisin for a bruisin specifically came
did I feel like there is this target
hard could be imagined electrical yeah
it was like to the target point a very
very good for everything gonna give you
a chance to redeem yourself I'm sorry
that's our and nearly kills me I'm never
there love you'll never get in my
absence
here we are your navigator we are German
Gophers I feel like we should build up
show your fill doctor what economy
everything really well I was just an
abrasive the thing you know I got do
that but I'm stalling the last time
nearly killed me ukrainian ii kodesh
Transylvanian no it's much more basic
bitch than that I'm sorry that doesn't
merely give me Iranian so it makes it
I'm sorry it doesn't a lien doesn't
really give me the fucking it changes
the racial prejudice thought agent okay
Chacon solution quickly on what that
it's not the truth it is not about here
in the violent yeah tagging up yeah down
Spanish click on anyone know you have
two reasons I'm doing just sending my
head's word you're praying no I'm sorry
fella has pretty cool me it should be
opposite way to eyes makes it was it
good no you have to go again do the
Korean Somali Dallas hang it is nearly
killed me
probably something has to be oh there we
show me I'm sorry
somewhere that can really kill me
Juliet it is Japanese no but you said
konnichiwa hello
yeah oh it's got a generous but I do I
know I'm sorry I come up with this shit
the last time he killed me she find it
it's a deserted what do you say points
in the game like what was my life you
know ah mm okay Chinese argument I
thought you're grounded Japanese no but
no I'm sorry
let's analyze work so it's not Russian
if your honor
yeah it's gonna really only perfect so
guessing I'm hearing I'm not brilliant
I'm sorry that left hand nearly killed
me also well I know I only died Russian
now I know is Russia
if I like it's the ship Schenker but
only jihad but I'll only change already
a black maiden is really hard to
pinpoint this I don't even I wouldn't
like I can even do the accent if you
said like just say words that I would
say like Iranian I don't want to I can
kiss a risk with earlier I am sorry that
left hand nearly killed does sound very
similar to Russian but sits down it into
no limbs though because in those rather
what lost kind of Norton isms but like
at the Persian type of an Iranian
describing there is agree
Iraq slaves but it was Afghanistan
Arabia is my office like how do you even
what kind of clearly let's keep going
with that keep going on loads eventually
you're in Africa now spawn Africa Middle
East Indian Turkish no Armenia gun value
go back and look I don't know it's a
joke see I'm just saying that okay the
second star Sirius Israel wait yeah hey
yeah yeah sounds awful right I even even
know how the earth burns
alright the final round we each can have
our own quote and our hagun all okay
okay sure winner people on the point I
need to start my cell I start off up
join us at our areas and you can know
exactly where is the battle on video
people come here it is man could love it
alright gonna a lot
a man can use it to me but nobody your
eyes where do we buy this guy no my mom
couldn't convince anyone get somebody up
there's been so much get lucky we got
the firemen to say did you already okay
I know it is is it eaten no it's North
Atlantic right it's Norfolk says it
farmerie right yeah
come on sailor going farmer boy
Harvester a man could convince anyway
somebody else but never himself I was
fine on the slide why do you know
because don't you do it if I say like
far more far you're doing that at times
you start Markarian
there's this holy nutritious macaroni
team dinner and a people started on tear
in the fucking hell for that no garnish
going down a fifty captain yeah there's
this highly nutritious macaroni and
cheese dinner and the people who sold it
on sale amen thanks Trey Erickson
organize or general I thought it was
going to be Scottish now you gotta tax
engine from the Irish like this highly
nutritious macaroni and cheese dinner
and the people who sold it on sale
amen this is gonna really not even a
place we're gonna be like oh it's just a
second you hate all right yes Cornwall
Devon I'm sure countin the other one
North I was northern he had another one
oh I think I stand a little Irish legs
and a little bit they do saw the barbers
I wanted to judges I want you to deal
with your problems by becoming rich baby
thanks to all children
no I was like that time so just open
from Birmingham some stranger on that
sign of bone income stream ecology but
it's very away it could think no that
who's that sound like when you borrow
from Bali on Capri or dies office'
variable bran or if you got the map
program
that is all for today on the attitude
challenge in accentuate we have also
done with you as opposed to chance and
make sure you check out the channel
subscribe over there hey guys watch in
and stay up through Tullius
whoa
