what you doing in there haha I mean
obviously I put you in there cuz I don't
get why people do that I don't get the
whole you know you guys didn't think I
knew the cameras there anyway yeah I'm
going to manage match enjoy be don't
forget Toby actually took me on the
Toby's match with money I'm just gonna
start in will you doing in there eight
you want to be coming with me too many
Toby's match he does ladders head that
is our big head all I'm saying yeah all
right you don't have to give a window
what do you think it again well
essentially result it's a little bit
good what do you think of the gold under
army Oh bullet shit the Toby and Manny
you better respect our still came out
and got that for you okay so I have paid
the debt that I owed to the council and
now it's time for a couple of these
package number 100 did I just see the
words ollie
please oh I mean especially these
probably nicer how far I'll go over to
our for those from Jacob from Czech
Republic
I'm Matt is this Czech Republic Andy
hahaha
I only have one hand can you do it can
you buy it where are you oh no I
exempted yeah yeah alright yeah
like a blog number 200 what is this
there's another nappy the notice does it
feel at a female nappy I'm good I'm
really good well they also stuff like
periods and shit what's up what is wrong
with you though I swear this is from the
sports company this is more grass I'm
going to be pissed okay from first look
it doesn't look like grass I don't know
what what is this hello here is a Celtic
shirt from a Glasgow supporter why you
could wear it if you ever visit Glasgow
I don't kind of a wavy kit you know I
might have to start being a Celtic fan
because of you Richard I am now a Celtic
fan
oh no I just got a mark I mean no I
didn't really support anyone before that
I guess I would have said over the hips
and just cuz I like the word hips I
figured out a way that he can't miss my
mouth medicines he says really nobody so
wait is that charge the Octagon hang on
greedy huh will anyone ever done this
first time like that whole thing
something to make you feel less lonely
on Valentine's Day I'm covering up the
number okay we're Becca from Sweden what
is it what's going to help me not be
lonely on Valentine's Day
Horne cuz it's gone what please be fun
no it's not point it is Spanx
oh my got ten extra-large tissues with
beautiful Goethe now we're having a look
so you know you're just blowing your
nose as you do just your nose 100
percent unit oh my god this is
terrifying
Mad King that is mad it says may the
juices be with you what is this is this
is a madness Stephen gives you like a
little backstory due to the much Sarah
from Canada cake from England not
narcissist
yeah I know I'm lonely but what
what so while ago we got sent deeds as
well I have an open mind so I thought it
was about time
welcome to the Star Wars dammit drone
can you help me the star was the star
one by one
drones are this is the two
and enough because of copyright oh baby
a video let it work in ignore that add
news as a screwdriver I'm not allowed to
figure out all right with this Wow I'll
make it no no no no I'm a scorer who
will get higher
right do I doubt fit parts of it so then
the final thing I really wanted to add
to this vlog which I wasn't sure to make
a whole video on it itself or to just
add it at the end which I'm gonna do now
is I just wanted to talk about YouTube
and its current state and basically why
you may have noticed I haven't been
uploading as much as my normal schedule
cuz my main channel I used to upload
every single day now recently I've
obviously been missing a few days I
don't really want to cover that much
because Vic has literally just done a
video covering it and well I did one Joe
well of the other day so I'm going to
leave links to both of them in the
description it's a mix because it's kind
of like YouTube's current state is kind
of like depressing the whole situation
and then also it's also how I've changed
in terms of what I want to make and I'm
still trying to figure it out anything
wrong I still like doing the kind of
videos I do it's just you know I want to
figure out something else to do because
it's not really it's not like when
football videos first thought that was
like the mad thing it was like every day
you know when we go to the next football
video and now it's kind of died down a
bit and I need to find that next thing
so I'm not really focusing as much on my
main channel but I want to know what
kind of videos you guys enjoy seeing the
most like if you want to let me know in
the comments down below yeah that's all
I wanted to say I won't bother going on
to Don so yeah thanks for watching and
ah so what I don't think I even saw it
