I'm back I am back from LA so we are
back into hunting we will go a pisode 60
G's there are a lot of suits top comment
today get a player that you won that
might help the team Simon
that's too much pressure I can't do that
but now that we have sold all of these
players mats we have 270 thousand coins
I need to buy some one issue means I
don't know where the weak part of this
team is because well I do that it comes
up mad we got two hundred and eighty
thousand coins and yet somehow we're
struggling in division boom at this rate
I'm going to get really good we have
five games left we've won one drawn two
and lost to time to go serious mode time
and ha ha ha all right we've got a
chalten fan against us now ok good team
if a decent team I mean realistically my
team is better specifically but I might
not be babes on toast I get it although
you don't have beans all right team
let's do this let's go positive that go
on oh oh oh oh I see you alright
remember the LT remember the LT that is
the key to success key to success is
holding LT all the time okay let's uh
let's stop this
let's stop this now no yeah that's a
hail my man gone hunter come on take a
bunch okay don't take touch I was going
to be I'm going to be like a little you
know touchdown and and there's this goal
there's all my days I am getting lucky
with this finishing come on give me a
little bit of space a little bit
but others nice whoa oh
heathered mom but Makeda spins why did
he not do it come on Marnie Marnie
Marnie Marnie hold that board up morning
is no freaking G did you see even get
past mauling like there's nothing and
smelling holding that's why drops
morning who called a hunter a weak link
a only player to get a gold plate with
me with it I just make it to halftime
make it our time make it up ah let's
Tuffy with it yes yes there we go good
off solid off as long as the winning
it's cool I mean we deserve it I mean
that little bit more possession but
that's 2% same again same again and I
win - Neal that's perfect like such
money as a poor shot you know this is
all come from holding LT that's the
thing it's all calm promoting LT and
does I hit the post so I hit the
Rick imposed in there all I know is I've
got a little attack on I've got a little
attack on so I do my work of dreams you
see that look you thought I was going to
turn in and shoot na na na na na now
we're more experienced than that guys
think I was in LA for holiday now ha ha
the fever camp that's the saddest thing
I've ever heard in my life
oh we've made a mistake hasn't finished
the game finished the game son there we
go it's three notes game done three
points in the bank
come on hazard and Marny that is the
dream the one gone son
yeah he thinks I'm turning back I ain't
turning back bro I had turned him back
cause one does good ah but he actually
did bang it I didn't even add a freaking
attribute caught on to in this game oh I
don't think he's even playing right now
where is he he is playing he's just not
he's no plan properly yeah no he's one
of them guys good game great game many a
packs Oh hunter was so close the man of
the match but he got two goals or two
special packs we've got two other goals
that's two more packs no assists okay to
normal back to special packs if there
are any I mean the main thing is this if
we win today is if we win this game as
well we'll be on eleven point three
games left a little chance for promotion
are there are special packs 25 tech is
we have two normal ones and then two of
those bad boys come on how to give me
something good likkle flare and it's
been quick so that's just fantastic
isn't it next one it's a hazard a gun I
really want to get a friggin walk out
it'd be so sick well I mean we've got
like two before I think but it's so rare
to 25k packs and it is just as bad as
the other ones it's not what okay Sonia
okay it's about the same as the others
Oh give me something good fella
nice all right so we're almost at 290
cave you guys really need to let me know
who the by here we go this to almost
guarantee safety in the division if we
lose I hope so over actually no they're
not if we draw then we could still get
promoted three wins and a draw to 100
attributes cards no now I'm not a one
I'm not gonna do it a one last time
alright now we go he's got blue he's got
lemon Dorsky all know I mean I think
it's centre-backs on that fast though so
maybe just maybe I could get water
before they passed me
I mean this is the first time where even
though he's got a blue card I haven't
seen like I haven't seen the red cards
that I've seen in some other
well you know you know their foot
champions players Louise don't lose out
on Kalki do not lose up to him how these
two okay thank you thank you did you did
your job
oh this guy is actually really good they
just eat just as good he's actually very
good it gon take outside yeah I've read
that thank you
come on counter-attack here we go I
can't get a chance against this guy he
loves his little wing plays as well
that's another issue kind of relying a
little bit on the moment of magic from
someone to brine to brine okay hold my
hold my day
Oh talking of magic from someone jabroni
just pulled it out of his freaking ass
uh he does know when I let de Bruyne
near the goal now he knows what de
bruyne can do it's all can't do the same
all cants no he can't
no that's what the append yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah fan-fucking-tastic van Aanholt
oh no doing so well I was so happy and
now he's gonna score to me apparently
there's a secret to like figuring out
which way he's gonna go if there is let
me know just tweet me I'll try and see
it I mean he's taking a little long it
might just stay here okay no good dive
to higher core money money please please
if you're good you'll cool you are good
enough you all that came out of nothing
but that was a hunter assist I think
it's pretty damn close from games come
on Simon just hang on come on money
money you're actually distraught I was
about to say you are literally
destroying him and then you did that
gone can't a I just want to close you
down oh if that was someone a little bit
more dangerous mate you're in trouble I
think he must feel like attacking or
something oh I've read it I've read it
do it please what is that Kyle Kyle is
I'm honestly distraught about Karl Wolfe
right now that was it that I was I was
pressing shoot there you go there you go
Punk dragon
Oh Thank You hunter I told you guys
hunter without an attribute card is
actually better than hunter within
attributes card when you pause in for
actually the last guy didn't pause once
but I respect that although the last guy
did also message and say linkie
I mean I am a big fan of those you know
falou key for Neal wins I think it was
it was for Neal yes come on gone van
Aanholt you know what
yeah I'm not turning back bro I'm
thinking it what what's the safe whoa
here we go this is it till just crying
in it ball in the net marnet 88th minute
88th minute Marni yeah he thinks I'm
turning back but I'm not oh dear
did well the guy did well there you go
plants are public on assessment of the
fricative sense I so ballgame done man
of the match that's a special pack goals
one that's two special packs plus three
seven and a half and two misses you know
what we'll do for special packs and
three seven and a half you'll still get
promoted if we can if we can do the same
again next episode and that will be on
717 points we'd need a drawer in our
final game right let's open these three
first wise always has it not a little
force maybe and it's a lives we get em
read today Lewis Safavid not be bad a
teaser bins like solid today but non
ranked it I knew it is it going to be
any better than that has a fax 83 we
actually got 83 this time right now all
that's left is for four of them we get
four of these promo packs two goals a
man of the match and an assist for hands
up we get informed
who's going to inform it's a terrible
one well we get warn him we get McCann
Joe and if he in that show and a draw so
can and a Pat alone pack never mind we
are you were going to keep horn it's
like a memory we might sell him if you
want me to you well let me know mad we
got a actually listed listed alone oh
it's an 86 to 90 player it's actually
decently how many little ring as if only
we had a Spanish league team still mad
well we'll keep him cuz you know we
could always bring him on as a sub or
something not back-to-back informs that
would have been a dream come true in
this series we get Sacko
Mamadou Sakho after this one we will
have 300,000 coins I mean you guys don't
let me know what to do with it we get
Fred there it is 300,000 coins let me
know who to buy this is the final pack
that is all for today so next episode
guys if we win both games will be one
point of promotions although if we lose
both will be one point of safety well
you know what that's it for today so
thank you guys for watching I'm happy to
be back happy we did well today thanks
for watching and
yes
