fuck your own guys and welcome to LA you
guys know hopefully that I'm out here so
I thought I'd uh you know show you
around the crib applicate little code I
don't know got fountain fountain that I
found interview which I see some money
after swimming that could it work we'll
make the house a home exactly how well
the home is where you your house your
home is where your hair right now your
heart when your head outside so this is
your house Taylor I'll take it though
right let's go oh okay I was going to
open houses but you just okay anyway
this is the house yeah everyone go so
being cow cow swimwear various
downstairs we have this room okay
board or flip board or flip board over
we continue down and we just do the
chilling room okay you play pool like
once or twice this is where we watched
the Joshua fight this is it why do you
pause cool in here we have a cinema Toby
can you play this let's go this is awful
what are you doing there's no worry you
Toby in Manny's room you live like a pig
this is my bed and that's many bit so
this is cow's room it's got a nice room
well there is yeah it does get hot and
out here look at this view let you can
almost see things run fast right so you
find out that this property goes all the
it up to that Ridge which I've
definitely gone over in GTA like a
hundred times so we wait are you here
no don't don't you miss it why are you
doing this again
fuck now we have the sunburn
you obviously know how much this hurts
this is ridiculous Oh
anyway the pole Oh why I hate you so
much I hate you fucking fuckers I swear
what do you want what oh ha ha are you
here oh I can see you
oh don't do this then work anyway yeah
this is our pool so it's like a semi
infinity for I guess with little bit of
you you love you so that seat right
there
that bastard of a seat it's the reason
unlike this I can't see this I'll show
you inside look at me well it's ridicu
in from that shit
3 what are you doing trying to get
insurance money Oh as I lose style this
video is sponsored by the court who are
paying Tobi his lawsuit hi hello that
thing right there the white thing
yeah is the observatory fuck up the
other floor Oh back up okay no on tides
food break OH
that doesn't look very appetizing but it
is okay back to the middle floor I don't
think I've ever sat in this room I'm
going to ignore it I miss mr. step but
this is where we're going to film kal
video you are my stock I let you look oh
no oh and we move on to the kitchen
there isn't really much to it and this
is the other room visitor when we
actually sit in although everyone's
going to now complain that we stay
inside when it's funny the slightly
nipple that I don't if this will get
educated
go here
there's peanuts for there's 100 members
there trying for my protein in the diet
I see this as a cup boy this is where
chip spends most of his time because
there's an iron I just know I'm not
going to you know like delve into his
room all I want to point out is that
somehow chip has locked himself out of
the bathroom but I didn't know that was
possible and then upstairs the final
floor teach man a man about vinyl floor
this wheel's room again he's not here so
I feel like I'm invading his privacy
that's wills to pole that's where Harry
practices his bottle flipping I'll
pretend it was one of those ones good
job again Harry is not here so I don't
want to delve into that that is actually
Chinese for sub to will in E my room is
down here as well from there but this is
the other way of getting while you don't
how did you get down there fast don't do
it all the way up I mean you made it all
the way up this is the master bathroom
probably the worst bathroom in the world
because that is my room doesn't have a
lot that is Harry's room doesn't have a
look that's neat but doesn't have a lot
and this is just a big open door so I'm
showering here anyone can walk in I saw
Harry butt cheeks over there the other
day that is what I look like without a
few Shawn I have like two showers for
the shower there
they're neither of which have hot water
and the final room hype these chip is
teaching me how to be a height beast so
there's nothing in those these those are
the new you so chip is going to teach me
how to be a height beast in the next
couple days and this is my room normal
room except I have this view beautiful
view with a little photo shoot the other
day Harry on top of there yeah that is
pretty much it really I am going to go
record Cal video and then sit in
moisture to get rid of this fun but that
has been the house tour I hope you guys
have enjoyed I'm going to go say bye to
my friends now just they are I don't
know you guys can say bye to where are
they hey friends friends honnestly bye
oh haha
hey boss my naka left ain't much
monocular than that I'm gonna come in
wrecked in fat no particular the mic
came in a room on a real AP now in a
bunch of people - well you have to be
third he's lonely game hi Toby ugly what
a ugly why what what why are you putting
you're not wondering what oh why you got
it yet yeah terrible piece of cake joke
so see them for what it is 3:30 in the
morning alright go on boys give me your
best fight you're trying to pull a girl
what do you want to look like I reckon
Simon's not like you like I'm any
