yo guys was going on a balls going back
to another team was welcome back to
another hunting we will go the top
comment today was yeah as I said last
time right at the end probably probably
close off by then basically I'm in LA
right now so I haven't been able to
record this with the comment so comment
on this one about who to buy can't you
tell I'm in LA look at my tan so last
time we did terribly like I mean awful
we drew and lost and we should have won
both we got drag slope we sold him and
then these are these aren't selling okay
we're gonna have to reduce them quite a
bit so the team is looking decent and
you guys told me last time to add
attribute cards to hunter now I didn't
have any of those +61 well guess what we
do today we have two of them we got them
in the pack last time so plus six oh
okay he becomes hot thesis I mean put
him up so hazard and it pays a little
bit lower shooting but I'll pass these
lower dribbling lower more physical as
well we'd say but yeah this rate we're
getting relegated like reasoning to win
a game today oh this guy's going to have
a good team you've got nerd in it how
much guys what do I do
I just I just go back to Division three
and just accept it if I go back to
Division three I might have to do it
like I might have to just do a
livestream one episode and just get back
to Division two let me know anything
that's a good idea
live stream back to Division two that's
only by Guerlain Gators which I mean I
should be more positive and say I'm not
going to get relegated all my debt
really really keeps please please please
please be still like my defense is awful
it hazards 50th appearance we need to
get him a goal for that he deserves a
goal has it deserves a goal for 50 but
50 performances for us
why appearances I wouldn't call them all
performances can't they can't a it's on
you
it's all on can't say what oh no I
change player that means it's odd kick
Thank You Jo okay
go to him someone please yeah he was
always gonna turn got it like he's
predictable but he gets through
everything there we go nice easy nice
nice oh oh oh
ah now focus Simon focus stay in this
led to boring no actually closet gross
ah I didn't actually mean to shoot that
one I'm panicking I'm really kind of him
can you get a goal can you hear an oh no
you know what van Aanholt has a good
luck but that's a great safe only go
back post no one ever does that was
awful that's why I no one ever could
keep us to bang the most a kit I'll take
a hard time I was like we've made it to
the break and we are winning we
struggled to score normally so as long
as I've scored I'm happy what's done see
is good more than didn't read that did
your little bitch you know what money I
need to shoot donate I need to shoot
more pop a Matt and Bob eh oh my god
my screen is just functioning right now
whoo my days I don't like his attack his
attack is very attacking and there's ago
I don't get I don't get where my defense
when I was trying to track the guy I was
trying to track the guy on the right
Mustafi look I was trying to track him
what
we're not players you know I need ya
after this I'm gonna put my defense
so my wingback don't come forward I need
to win please pop in pop in play through
boom oh please can I score one corner
cutter what what what what what what how
did firstly how did the password
secondly how did he get the shot off
Spencer nice and then tip it up
why didn't can we all agree that I am
getting royally fit pain pain pain well
you don't do advantages thank you rest I
saw an advantage come up and I'm like
how is that and honored I guess there we
go with one oh my god oh I can't wait to
read his hate message hunter man of the
match 1 hunter gold to monocle gold
that's - yeah yes 3 and we hit 200
thousand coins we get three of these
terrible absolute
shotgun alright two more of these bad
boys two more we get lomani this is the
third date vibe Filipe luís he sells so
we're at two hundred and eighteen
thousand coins we need to go into
another game but you guys really need to
let me know on this video who to buy
can't forget to give unto his little nom
nom today we get that there we go plus
six you even felt better in that game
well you got for me but we're yeah God
why your set off for fuck's sake it's
just so frustrating like I can play very
well this game I will most likely lose
and yes I know I should be positive but
I'm just why did he why did he not go to
the play of Ryan except this guy is he
plays faster pace than me I didn't think
that was possible but he really really
does and then dembélé gets away and no
I think he I think he chickened out he
really chickened out and he somehow he
somehow he come how just gets a full
through everyone and Harry came scores
squad builder ones are too good please
Marnie Marnie Marnie ranked across oh oh
yeah no SS I was good I'm happy you did
that I'm very I'm very yeah there we go
love it it's lost it so I'm possible it
translates the only one showing heart
right now
hazard is having a mare right now look
you can't string the pass together and
it's 45th minute which means if he
shoots it goes in I don't get it I don't
I don't get it I don't get it I don't
getting it there's all time I've lost
but if it's safe to say we've lost he's
had three shots on-target school to I
mean I think it's a walker and then
Walker's gonna head it across no he's
not thanks that's a great letter
phenomenal touch whoa boom Thank You
hunter Lisa got a pack as it's having a
shocking little little run of like games
right now I'm struggling to talk oh my
oh my mutt no yes thank you definitely
nice little Brazilian flair I actually
don't know what to do I don't I don't
have a clue I don't have a clue what to
do none of these pastures are working
Hauser doesn't like done a pass that
worked yeah hi can we not can we not do
that please why is shop so good as well
oh my oh my my my mother my freaking oh
my god all attack go on then this may as
well just try and get going at that made
sense that made it higher sense that
made so much sense purple cards are too
good ei saw Chou and you're gonna get
yeah he's going to get one more attack
fuck your guy fuck your son there it is
another loss but we won one today I just
can't get two good games in a row
we got a goal and it was a hunter goal
but we're halfway through the season and
we don't even have a half enough the
point that didn't make any sense
you know what we have three packs three
of these 55k pegs I'm so tempted to just
open all three you know what would get
into a top comment I'm gonna open all
three that's right Simon keeps telling
them this all Hamza camber and I mean we
got another +6 patch of your cards so we
can use two of them next episode we keep
getting Slayers like eight-foot Yaya
touré though we may actually keep them
you guys decide what we do with him
whether we sell him or we've moved them
instead of candy because candy ain't
doing too good at the moment
you bastard son has a decent flare up
like at 87
that's exactly 86 yeah well yeah I will
be back for the next one so if you want
to comment on this video what we do
where who would buy whatever let me know
pop from that there isn't really much to
do apart from say thank you guys for
watching and I'm sorry for everything
that I achieved today for my own about
anyway
