predict your own death bleach who's most
likely to get arrested okay I think you
both agree on that who's most likely to
be found drunk in the street I don't
think I don't really drink that much so
oh I don't think my liver is one like in
that is it like cessful is that I don't
even know where are whose faces on my
way where you look like a punk you look
like a human pub I actually don't know
who that is that Jenny no it's been yeah
I do
no no get that well I didn't say
anything okay
what would you would you know I'll see
your cool and Jamie ugly Jamie I did not
say we did get him guys don't care about
I let me show you the inside of my new
car so uh obviously ders the radio let's
just ignore that ignore that that
they'll come out the back this work
parties happen fire obviously we've got
enough room for like a hot tub or two
couches that's your high all about
comfort so where you guys want to go on
a ride yeah they're gonna have a quick
ride in the newer
pussy we're gonna head will I give this
up that's not blue you know what if it's
not blue nah that's not blue at like a
blue blue that's not I don't ignore me
what is this photo typically when we
were in sixth form my portable manager
at the academy you used to get bunny
bunny of you so we made a joke from the
group chat about layaway you never wait
when you get buddy buddies on did he
touch it no ha ha which one's the coach
left the right none of them what it is
it releases viability so who are these
two people suspect them who are they
I've been away the big game rooms
ah oh no oh no only one of you can be my
favorite pet so this is your chance
go I think was actually considered
animal cruelty now it's a stuff so just
go home right and I came home to look at
how my video is doing you know the one
where I stared at that wall for you know
an hour
that was horrible so I'm looking at the
video and somebody seems to have changed
I didn't cool it that well I call that
that is over my youtube career is over
they got me they got me Tim we walk up
we get D ma 90 rated D Maria I die oh my
god I got another walk up back-to-back
walk outs
we got a break a legend all my days it's
the one I get I've got both brothers is
it louder faster brother Simon what's
wrong what's wrong Simon was drunk out
so we're a I never and basically that is
at 9:00 a.m. or walking home near cow
walking home Toby was driving by and so
are some South Road
I think Toby had gone to bed and woken
up at that done and that up on the side
road we can't walk you look like you
were like oh yeah bro we had a hundred
meter walk it took three hours we ended
up in the building that wasn't built yet
we were on the top floor of a building
and then we he fell down a ditch and I
can climb over all the time and then I
experienced something like that in my
life
don't drink it I don't drink into you I
definitely you know I was all more fun
when I drink yeah fun one eat a bowl of
fish or jump into a bath of fire
I'm going to go with the baby taking
wallet out woman's purse because I think
I'll be joking that was disgusting I
didn't expect to be like I expected it
either be a picture of like him with a
penises like ten foot long why wouldn't
you one get a reduction he would like to
get knocked out every time he got a
boner it says one blasted it measured
almost seven inches in circumference of
10 inches yeah video
good job buddy that extremely attractive
man why you some I've been I just went
sent underwear this is a nappy this is
this is a male nappy this is the men
this is if they pee themselves there's
protection here I might start working
there though what do you think yes
no does it look good Oh give me the gun
back give me the gun back guys it's over
for me guys screw it I didn't get to the
final I didn't win so we're going to do
this just okay we get a blue actually
good Wow okay well I'll stop that
there's nothing else really like I'm not
really fast about anything else unless
it's a special card but it's a big got a
big flower case and inform it is I can
see vigorously we got a blue card and
inform now we get nothing here we have
to get a gold card of some footage of
daily hair routine ah someone needs a
dryer okay
dubstep Jesus to get a headline on point
the little machine somehow just longer
hair line up here trim the hair line
there we go no Manny hair line for me
the final step and to make it smell even
better and look better because you know
this is like a liquid styling gel
Colgate mouthwash pour it in a bit we'll
get all of that in that so that is how
the mouthwash work so I view the boiler
day though
yes expensive but you know don't give
them good I don't know why you got a
picture of me looking scared what did
you have like a gun to mine it no it's
the bottle of coke you don't cook right
yes yeah coke know what though : it's
good I thought I could be one of those
people that you know touches the bottle
with you about that and then you're
bugging me now and then you go here
Simon who's most likely to kiss a guy no
it's between you two no no no okay next
question they've got who's most likely
to date a fan there's between you two oh
shit there are no words for this one
Barrett there's no words oh okay no I'll
take the blame I wrap my legs around I'm
sorry this is odd this is really really
fucking oh there we go that's a walk out
I said come on give me this give me a
good card
give me a good that's a big flare it's a
big flare it's a big flare it's grew the
word on judges headed lap dance so
that's what I did to Victor I've just
said it takes a second to notice what
I'm doing he liked it
so began a wonderful summer between
myself and teddy equal we spent every
waking moment together
everything was right in the woes we had
found love it was just me and Teddy
equal until it all fell apart honey I'm
home
how could you leave just as things were
told me no I don't know what I will lose
my anodized while Simon
you like right so uh
I'm driving this way we need to go that
way okay wait now we're gonna have to
turn around twelve seconds later I do
now
I'm stuck okay question number one true
or false the word Easter appears in the
Old Testament in the Bible where your
community is my knees no true
Fabian's fault and you oh my you
actually know that I've read my Bible so
my look at you was just aa final path
and to end the video we're gonna
laughter oh my god
mad we just got a legend we got a query
we got Ebro we got a flu
we got an in-form I'm done I'm done I'm
just mad victory sip thanks for watching
