why this hashtag because we just did say
in Tirana oh wow Simon could them get
anywhere what did your daily hair
routine alright so step one you need to
dry your hair okay
that's top Jesus to get a headline on
point
little machine sometime just along the
hairline up here
trim the head on there we go no Manny
had lied to me the final step and to me
it's smell even better and look better
because you know this is like a liquid
styling gel Colgate mouthwash she's
pouring it a bit we'll get all of that
there so that is how the mouthwash work
so I view the bottom of day those get
expensive but you know looking this good
take the most absurd photo of yourself
send it to other people and see how they
react okay I'll send a picture to a
couple of my friends with a low and I
did is that I would do it all the time
okay so here we go this is the picture
car my music I'm going to love this look
what smoke soup you've already you're
flying what a guy why do you keep some
yes no what no what fuck you money
fuck you make a motivation video you use
oh good job buddy
I don't extremely attractive man Wow
Simon please hide a camera to see what
happens with life outside the sidemen
bed I'm actually hidden the camera in
Toby's bedroom so we recorded last night
I'm gonna watch what he did afterwards
now all right cool so Shankar's Maria
checking it out of it okay
and don't know what that was important
question fold or scrunch toilet paper
yeah yeah predict your own death
please abstract okay okay you were in
the swimming pool and suddenly forgot
how to swim what would you do eat a bowl
of fish or jump into a bath of fire ah
can you be a toaster and I be a biscuit
so you are amazed host aha
okay yeah wait Ryan's a dude does that
mean you want to be inside me I mean it
does have a hole so make a love story
short video about you and something in
your room what do I love in my room look
at what I choose some love in my room I
don't know no wait what what their oh no
no not you a unit you need to move move
way you look yeah there it is you look a
little cutie oh my god
and so began a wonderful summer between
myself and Teddy evil
we spent every waking moment together
everything was right in the world we had
found love it was just me and teddy
equal until it all fell apart honey I'm
home Oh cause you just have sex with
Tommy no I got no one I will lose now
I'm gonna die Wow Simon see if JJ has
actually transformed to try and catch
him by surprise
okay who is by leg on a plane gentlemen
the final evolution for JJ I give you
cash pride get it egg pun towed you with
a family
oh I am a good QA today I know what do
you think yeah oh oh wait what is this
another question are you going to bring
back the rap battles I mean it does have
a hole so you know haha okay
Lincoln make you smell nice as well
