yo guys what's going on them I'm in the
room shut the tank ah okay so we are
back to a hunting we will go top
commented a hunter is not good enough
for division too so put a plus SiC
attribute card on him every game at this
very insulting to Alex hunter but it's
very true guys I'm not sure we have in
it we don't we don't have any ok you
know what we'll do just for today
because of you guys I don't know if you
actually want me to buy them I thought
you may have thought I already had some
with this game I will use that for the
next game I will use that ok and then
we'll see whether the top comment is up
or a comment is about your buying right
let's go with taste for the first game
no I forgot we drew that last I think
it's the last kick of the game as well
when I mean we really need to win today
yo he's got some weird kid I don't like
it every time I see a weird kid I'm like
they played this game they want a
certain kit they playing Oh your mum
okay well there we go let's see if
hunters pace makes a difference alright
here we go here we go
hunter use your base oh I bought a the
ball wasn't good enough I thought it was
Oh haven't you gonna be a tough game is
always could III like okay I assume area
code far side run de Bruyne de broglie's
have to place don't do it get out the
area you serious there you go go hard I
should read it across it found me surely
that's a ball that's a ball that's of
all I don't remember the last freaking
look I hit the ball I don't remember the
last corner of the I scored oh oh oh I'm
being I'm being an LTE gamer I don't
know whether to go for it or pass the
Walker
you know what screw it we'll go for it
there's a thing called leg day I don't
do it you should probably do it you're
professional athlete halftime my team I
was crying because I deserve to be
winning so back that's why cuz I can't
score against those guys I'm gonna need
house it has it do you think do you
think get it go right toss it in one
more take such hazard your batty crease
smells of chicken what the fuck that was
it by the way before you start claiming
I was being racist guys I can't score a
cup no no no no that's a looper that's a
loophole that's the kind of one that
goes in what the please might thank you
I fucked it guys I think if I draw Neil
Neil you know I might just open a pack
oh no oh no oh got corn in the 83rd
minute he's gonna thought he's gonna
score cornet and it's gonna be horrible
so look he's doing a loop on look at
that keeps you got so much he had a
fully open goal yeah I'll take that I'll
turn Paul in go ahead
what does he's offsider day oh my god he
was on side he was offside how am I not
scoring dope game over yet okay no that
was all fall that was awful please I
don't deserve to be in Division one I
don't deserve to how am I not scoring I
don't get it look at that nil nil why
call it school that is genuinely
disgusting you know I'll screw at the
55k pace I'm opening one of them I'm in
a bad mood we need good players good
packs we didn't get a good pack though
we might get some coins for it we have a
hundred and seventy three thousand coins
you guys need to let me know what I need
to buy and just that that's it I don't
need to hear that hunts is terrible and
everything like that I need to hear a
player to buy beacon of Hunter we are
going to add on to a training card which
we've said this time would be shooting
please don't have something to please it
was called hybrid one everyone were
playing that's good teams now this is
the game we need to win we needed to win
that last one and I come I actually
can't believe we didn't honestly this
guy must be defensive as hell or
something cos look at is he
look at his team they're not doing
anything I feel like this guy doesn't
seem to make some mistakes though that
is my hope my hope right now is the
mistakes that he is making are too great
okay oh okay
rest seriously seriously seriously did
you not see him just take mangoes out ah
okay pause it pause it
ah bang that's a pen it's a pen it's
actually a pen I was joking well I kind
of was I you know I felt a vibration and
thought surely a foul definitely went
top left where he died but whatever I
will take it I'm really discovering the
power of LT right now guys like fully
discovering the power it is actually
it's a super power they shouldn't be
able to do this please that wasn't that
wasn't today I wasn't too there Oh your
mum that wasn't too that Oh what is that
stop stop stop stop wiggling your butt I
didn't pass it there how how has he
scored that I'm doing well defensively
technically I mean the first guy didn't
have a shot okay okay okay wait stay
there stay there stay there please
please please no our guys keep if you
come out team team team oh this is
getting a little bit too shaky for me
I'm not a martini I don't want to be
shaken that's a great freaking ball but
the touch what to touch somehow what
Anna okay I'm gonna get two drawers um
this is the division of drawers oh my
god oh my god oh my days I hate everyone
and everything I hate everything
disguise stands for all we need is oh oh
oh oh that's because as good as a
stupidest dupe the boost that I have
mixed up stat and boost
don't let him score straight from this
do not let him it'll be such a waste if
suddenly starts tossing a ball about a
bit more suddenly started possible what
what does it change say for me not oh no
he just
hey why why again 87th minute I'm sorry
I'm sorry because this is freaking
painful to watch you can't just break a
habit like that can you
that's a great book
oh my god please please oh my days
no no what is my defender doing it was
so weak and that's it I was winning in
the 87th minute Hunter man-of-the-match
that's one pack gold hunter - that's
another two packs
I'm opening three special packs screw it
it's just a case now of like I just have
to do better but I can't because I'm not
good enough see if we can get anything
from the packs poor if we can get you
know the coins no one actually mentioned
the team of the seasons I got lost but
see with the tournaments I got last
final Keawe I didn't know whether to
sell them on up that's a decent sized
flare that's like an 86 Wow now the
issue is here guys I am going away in
like the next couple days so I'm gonna
have to pre-record the next one so there
might not be a top comment but I will
look when I get back though I'm sorry
that if you know the comment on this
isn't in the next video so if they're
still watching for some reason don't
worry okay we've got a draw and a loss
that is so bad I should have won both
but there you guys watching and see
