your cousin's going on and welcome back
to another draft today we are doing the
alphabet draft how does this work you
else I will go through the alphabet so
the captain I will go from A to Z and
whichever one comes first if there's no
way there's no B there's no see there's
no Dean does not know D if there's an e
is the first letter of a player then I
will choose him then the next player
that I get which search is right made I
will go from E so if there's an S player
I will get him starting with that my
name beginning with that I'll explain as
we go so I have to choose the formation
which looks most likely alphabet that's
not a thing I mean that one has letters
in so we have to go for that okay so a B
nope
C we have to see players now which one
comes last continue because Oh what
comes before you so we go with him okay
so now the next layer start with B
starting with the B is there a DZ no e f
g h coos oh what's up that's nice isn't
wise there and i okay we're going for J
oh my god oh my god that's no Jake
there's no K there's no else but there
is an M I mean I wouldn't have minded
the Balogh and Mady Maria or Robin but M
lundi which is a less MIT left-wing I
could have got name on oh hey now if I
go left-wing there's only Q and R
Ronaldo cute unless there's a queue I'm
gonna run now door I should have got
Neymar I wouldn't anymore cuz there's no
queue so we move on to our own Ronaldo s
t u v w x y and z now i know my abcs a b
c d just Giglio Coulibaly we get we're
taking coulibaly l know but we get an M
and and and ah Paris all the way back to
Bravo okay where we've done B now we
have to go see ah
config Li all right let's get the deed
now oh gee lady DiMarco actually that
was better e e ET no gir i h i j k l
we're on em ignore that last one that
all Marez it was more azure matter we
get more as we're on n o p q r s i'll
take it these it's gonna have to be ban
down w-which yeah will you have XYZ now
we go back to the start ABCDE
Elise UT we go to guy a big movement
right now mm o P Q R we went so far past
that our where
an S with a can s dammit seller and
those are our players let me sort this
out now you're going to question this
okay but we are playing Sanchez as a
centre-back because I look okay anything
I do here I could swap him it goes down
and then I could put on someone as a
left back yeah you know what screw it
everything I do normally doesn't work so
I'm going to just do that I'm going to
play this team and I'm gonna swap those
two around straightaway now we get s t u
v w x y and z we go in the den so let's
just get into the final finally looks
like a bar final finally all right well
you got for me bro let's see your
alphabet squad Reynaldo Benzema my
soloed Legend okay so I mean it's the
draft it's gonna have good players and
pause hi press resume match I'm such a
dick sorry may I don't I didn't want to
it didn't want to pause again but I have
to I'm sorry I'm fucked up you know what
just because I've already used one pause
I'm just gonna take this girl for
Maura's I I'm sorry I'm sorry let's play
nice to take a touch I'm fine
oh my god wait what the how is that okay
Oh all night I just want to get through
this first round easy as pie crikey this
guy plays fast-paced he's just oh my
okay he just he just runs a lot far side
come on
this has to be yeah turn in what Albert
thank you just be just fully pushed was
that Ronaldo it was Ronaldo he's fully
pushed Ronaldo off the ball like that I
don't think that's even possible scared
of all get of the book completely scared
of the book I get it is round and you
know the earth is round and it's a big
scary thing but please come on stop
can't do anything I say this and this is
my best attack of the game there's my
best attack oh oh I actually just said I
don't do anything in the nice talk I do
not just have to be winning no not at
all wait wait oh why who are you
please please oh wait no this could
still work right post by post boom there
you go
how the hell yet no I'm positive
pause it oh it implies one more give me
a pass that one more it was a goal that
was his chance
oh there's Ronaldo just yeah put him off
just thank God he didn't go down and
there's a goal yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
oh I don't know how to beat this guy
please please please please please
please
yes by securitizations is bullet
defenders go in the way but that was the
worst strike ever oh my god no
everyone's so good at free kicks as well
please don't score this I beg I beg
you're not good I bet no oh my god oh my
god there's so many people there's so
many people here
lb gamers that's what they call what the
fuck where's where's a flare boom end
the game we're into the second round
much harder than it should have been but
he was decent he was a very good player
Ksenia man-of-the-match two goals
captain that's why that's why he begins
with the letter C let's go into game two
ha please just give me easy games from
that I don't want another game like that
well you got for me is the question okay
to team okay feyo we're not bailing
Ronaldo Neymar what Benzema Neymar
bail but I say that I don't know if I'm
saying this right and even call let's do
this
let's see if my team can play any better
than they work they were doing awful
what because my passing about oh no no
oh my god audience was that Nima those
Benzema Bendis from that and that wait
note bank so Vanessa please mmmmmm good
save Messi is ruining them I can tell
you that Messi is literally look look at
the space he goes far sides go and
Ronaldo show him white heat you're
better than Messi you're not better than
Missy Missy actually did bit can he
finish course he can it was that it was
that I don't know you are but good job
Gary I haven't changed my center back
for my oh my god I haven't changed my
center back finger and striker no he's
done it he's done it he's done it he's
done it
wowie seriously I'm even close to
drawing to the sky get off get off lads
hi it's been a bit looks even ok but
that's just cuz I haven't been shooting
so I got a final pass I'm ready for that
final pop for now they yeah you're gonna
make a run no that's how easy it should
be that's how easy it should be but that
is how easy it should be this is how it
should be boom boom and boom and this is
where he's got a 2v1
but as he flopped it nope yet no no he
isn't because they don't that with
outside support it started outside the
box it's bloody
fan yeah of Japan I'll give him that it
was a good pen and here's his next goal
he's just switched the momentum now and
it yet no no stop that
that's my ball mine oh my god Messi was
completely through Paul please pick
touch and finesse but I should have kept
my son about there I should have kept
Gary there leave pay oh no I told the
guys I mean I'm good I am fully in sweat
mode right now I need a goal I was on
his 90th minute its 90th minute where
did that just come from don't do it
don't do this near post little shit
keeps nice cut to have a chance know
that that's it extra time again
subscribe it's so even as well like I
can't I can't even say anything
DeMarcus you're too slow I'm taking you
up Danny Rose go for it Mara's and Danny
Rose that's who we got on ok no he wants
to bring on Michael rice ok that's just
this great news can't wait yet pass the
marker Royce you know you're gonna have
to go down the line my defender just
stopped walking
good Fang Fang beautiful beautiful man
like Mara's coming on and scoring that
team team if he crosses over clips thank
you can we go ultra dee yeah finally
taking the lead on shots this is good
there's need to last 15 more minutes are
we run part the bus we have to be we
have to be unpack the bus there you go
bang 8 minutes 8 minutes we almost got
that jeez no no no I'd rather take him
down I'd rather take okay game over
bitch team over we're into the semies as
I said two wins down two more to go
crikey it's getting hot in here why am I
wearing a jumper mad thing that's a 16
that is a very sick team all right let's
do this
possession taco okay I say that and then
give the ball the way there we go there
we go there we get what was that what
was that for a pass to see oh my god
wait no I haven't changed my center back
I haven't changed my center back I need
to change my center back I think let
Sanchez we have Sanchez back there you
know what until I need to I'll keep it I
it's time to swap it's ridiculous screw
it Morris did well we'll bring him on as
well
this guy's pretty good as my god oh my
god oh my how how did it get to that
like out of everyone to fall too short
the first one should have gone in 107
but the second one cheese see he doesn't
come and tackle me that's the issue here
the issue is he doesn't come and tackle
me so I just need to just try be a bit
slow with my attack no you don't want to
know
no you just want to be a ghost that's
cool I like coming ghosts on my team
scares the opposition this is lost I'll
thank thanks bang bang I would have
broke every fucking thing I'm getting
dominated I'm doing awful today
sometimes you just have those days guys
please don't score this please good and
solid and slowly and oh mercy what's the
what's the small there's a player right
on it and that makes it through that
meter there you go there you go
bang why have you missed it upwards I
get up fucking them down man only mugged
me off don't let him mug me off know
that that include that is classed as
mugging me off come on I haven't fuckin
Ronaldo in there oh my god there's one
good ball children out of it just
doesn't go to Ronaldo
go to him go to him great ball great
ball finish finish just smaller as it
grounds us obviously it's an open goal
oh my god or your mum your mum your mum
is a sweaty Minj 88th minute where did
this just come from where's this come
from then a 88th minute how's this
happened how we got to this position oh
my god wait look look no one's running
in laundry enter oh you just cool I
don't know if I have another chance I
don't know if I have enough I don't have
another chance
oh you should have scored that head off
some really come back in for this game
we might have to make one sub one supper
we make it the marcus is getting a
little outpaced will bring on bros so
i'll do that suit for now another game
in extra time two in a row who woulda
thunk it although oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god I
thought I don't know where that just
came from okay
why did I dinked it it didn't even mean
it to him please blow your whistle where
thank you we got to have time I could
have scored so many goals at the end
there when I say so many I mean like you
know maybe one willy an on two in bula I
know he's attacking but in Buda was dead
next game I need to have a scent amid on
the pit
as in on the subs you go you go oh why
did I not just take a touching shoe I
should have taken a touch pass whoa whoa
whoa whoa Sanchez Sanchez where are
those run Sanchez oh there it is success
ours are happy right now on come on
Renaldo finish him off finish him off
with a I think oh it's over Sanchez we
destroyed him in extra time there we go
yeah we're into a final for once guys
one final where we come this drop has
been way too stressful guys keen he
clicked ready before me on every screen
and all my days Wow I mean he's got pod
four as a symptom it's in the back and
the left back isn't Center back so it
might be a very attacking the defense
okay I could use a nice little early
goal to just you know get rid of some of
the tension yeah I can feel how slow he
was with the forward this wasn't working
Mario's come back on as well to the top
if I can get that out to him it's
Ronaldo those Ronaldo up there if we can
no it's another near plus blanket all my
days I'm gonna get messy play messy
right message the man that can do it all
messes member that's all messy those are
DV bars as well like genuinely that
wasn't even that difficult oh no oh no
yeah that's great great save great save
I told you guys this is going to be a
difficult game this is going to be a
very yet near post
Nepos why is it so good come on Messi
come on you know what you know what
hahaha play yourself SI wait no wait
bang wait wait wait
fine that should be a goal I should have
just gone in come on just get too hot um
get some thump it's our time well you
know what give me one more chance
no gets up there we go there we go solid
half that solid half oh we're winning
we've had more shots more shots
on-target more possessions more less
tackled more fouls us wow that's what
wins games 45 more minutes 45 more
minutes oh wow how did he just get that
much luck yep stay back
oh my god oh my days hold my taste how
did he fought that so bad Leonel did get
wait you have an open go you have
another go yeah so Neil through
I don't know where to go here bang bang
bang please please please
Oh mother of all children
he's paused it I didn't pause it and
what we have 24 minutes left leaders to
judgment 24 minutes of this draft left
it's officially over one more goal again
again again no no no no yeah he didn't
read that he didn't read that eating now
to read that this guy can't read he's
got a brown level reading level what am
i doing what am i doing
no no no no you have to go to him you
have to go to him Oh No oh I missed it
so minutes remaining for one and a tiny
bit I'll set up our I'll take us out I'm
just I'm just
I've won I've won surely surely have won
now we've done it we've done it oh so
happy we finally want to drop you make a
push for wins Adam I did all that and
that's all I get that was just the
standard pack that we thought I was
obviously gonna be awful but he's like
35 k-pax mad mad I won the draft and I
looked beneath us we are nothing well
we've got nothing that's all for today
guys thank you guys for watching we did
the alphabet draft and we won that is
all that matters
thank you for watching and sleep
