ready hey buddy okay so today we are
doing the exposing each other's bones
challenge not a challenge it's not a
challenge with doing the exposing each
other's phones with a challenge
Wow no we get pause Wow okay so we use
get to go through each other's phones
and find five photos / videos in our
camera roll and the other person to
explain what they are or why they are
there okay okay
give me your phone and the locks were
five locks a good luck one you got and
tell them black magic going why can I do
black magic salmon you just get the car
ice a magical creature one two three
sure you go but I need to pick something
first so I know the severity what is
that I don't even know
well only whose face is on my where you
at like a pug you look like human part
is you don't know who is that Jenny
that's not is it Dan is I you know I'm
not that Wow
I didn't say anything okay what would
you would you know oh so you're calling
Jeremy ugly Jeremy I did not say I did
get him scanner don't care about I want
to know what is this photo typically
when we're in sixth form my portal
manager of the Academy used to get
buddy-buddy of you so we made a joke in
the group chat about a layaway you know
the way you get buddy-buddy was on did
he touch you
no hahaha which undercooked that's the
right none of them what it is it just
releases viability so who are these two
people right number who are they there
were six game rooms with the butcher
what is this a Castro none that other
than the buyer in Germany though the
closeup of Castro say that was my lock
screen for over a year
why Astro just know that Simon made you
his lot oh he knows he knows and you're
okay with this yeah because you know my
home screen was this one that was my aha
I make a point of telling them and then
they get really weird that had any of me
no keep it oh I don't seem racist now
uh I'm going we have a new love of
screen my eyes look like they got filled
with chlorine like why would you do this
oh my god how cool did you think you
were in this picture
oh I was a charming so what caused it it
was my first car my polo yeah was it
came with the car okay yeah I was just
happy to be driving Mac I didn't like
the buff life oh yeah
what is this medal I don't know you
don't know what you're in my air
freshener smelled like I really like
nothing because it's probably old that
doesn't look like a car dealers place
so you've driven the car this point and
yet you haven't taken off so when you
say it came with the car you still
driven it
yes and I don't think it smells anything
I can't remember the smell of my first
part your hair why does it keep going I
know that is where's it it's after one
JJ's shows hey there girl before
yeah for when I change I share and one
of the way you've got a picture of me
looking scared what did you have like a
Gundam I know is the bottle acrylic look
cook right yes
yeah cook know what those colors it's
good I thought I could be one of those
people that you know it touches the
bottle with you buy that and then you're
bugging me now I think you better here I
thought we could have recreated that
moment well otherwise out in we're all
right that was from a skip in my hundred
K video you hear hundred K I was going
to sing the song go on with it is that
way yes is what I mean a hundred K oh my
God thank you okay I'm not people this
one two questions okay why are you so
happy I don't know I think I snatch out
it to someone to show how red my hair
would why do you look so much like
reading it Tyler if it does how it does
that nobody does the library love know
in the comment by Osamu video on the
waiting yang hai time they forget to
teach
what my life wasn't no get cheeky myself
because cue the time again Kim I know
you don't go I wish you an other you did
a little skank in the middle look oh my
god what is this
it's me in year ten the exam that year
ten batters year 10 are you serious I
don't go out for the twice the size of
your head with a story time I was in
school in science and obviously I've got
the board and put two goggles on my head
obviously to be safe during the
experiment I see three physical moving
you hit three that there's two pairs on
your eyes of one on your head oh good
has three heads of good wasn't your head
many you're extra cool so that's all the
cool kids do now not two three pairs of
Google I need to kind of guys with four
condoms siren what's wrong what's wrong
environment what's wrong cow so we went
higher Napa and basically that is at
9:00 a.m. or walking home me and Cal
walking home Toby was driving by so are
some taro
I think Toby had gone to bed and woken
up at that done and that are for the
side road we can't walk you and my
you're well on right oh yeah three well
we had a hundred meter walk it took
three hours we ended up in a building
that wasn't built yet we were on the top
floor of a building and then we he fell
down a ditch and I can climb over all
the time and then I experienced
something like that in my life don't
drink it I don't drink into you iw
people are a lot more fun when I drink
yeah one one good what is all for
exposing each other's bones there are a
few on there which I'd say form a nice
bone so you know they'll be on my
channel after midnight wander into those
Late Late shirts
oh it's like the wonders if you knew
Manny takes a lot of news anyway thank
you guys I'll just go take out money
channel make sure you subscribe way over
there and
