hey guys welcome to the vlog I just
knows this by the way what it's Vic okay
so if you guys didn't know we have a
room here which I for New Year's with
the help of Khafre see we turned into a
bullpen right so I actually have Simon's
camera and he asked me to go get it for
him so we're gonna go ahead and try and
find him now hopefully he's uh
but the what's happened there he is
what are you doing what's he doing oh my
no
Simon what is what are you guys
there you go serious Josh JJ got a
surprise for you that's on a day are you
in the toilet have a look what do you
think mom baked I know you want to dive
in ignore it ignore it yeah it's not
that deep it's not that deep you're
gonna fall over come on broke something
I don't I students believe it broke just
stomp stomp on him and you'll find him
magic dying via a ball pit
boys look at the relief on his face he
was absolutely breaking it I'm actually
fed up with this now it's he's asked me
to get his camera again what it's
another rain what's going on here
you've got no not or not again not again
not again what no no what is
we want to do something with this room
angels what I like to turn it into
something but not just you know like the
county beans that we want to put
something cool in it so you guys let me
know whatever you want me to do with
this I'm gonna try and do condoms to my
basket all right I've added condoms to
your basket total alexa add cherry loop
to my basket all right I've added cherry
loop to your fastest sex swing to my
basket
all right I've added sex swing to your
birth Alexa add small condoms to my
basket yourself I've added small pond
dog
Durex condoms sex swing which sexing sex
swing did you won money sex swing
believe is absolutely a thing Alexa was
Michael Jackson white video has to go
down now this is your ancestry Kip thank
you your mouth orchid it was when I did
it challenging jords it's challenging
you Jones are we throwing down the
gloves let's go boy George you got this
you got this danger is not allowed to
hit him no punch punch
as a bold tactic as a bold tactic
falling on the floor congeals one one
jords hey we said no hitting
Joella oh oh oh oh come on we just need
one hit don't fall over again shorts hey
man you understand now that his training
has actually done something so who are
you backing in the fight I guess before
we interrupted
you were about to spit into there right
I'm nice I'm gonna film from here
exactly is horrible isn't it listen when
looking at the Jap side while you're
changing ladies
that's gross though yeah he was good
yeah beer shouldn't that be fellas I'm a
spitter we all go take it to the post
box again I'm gonna get you to ten
be fine do 10 with your hands that was
dead that was 10 oh boy 10 I said timber
next package what we bought is a camera
screen basically and I know this sounds
really weird but I'll explain and we
gonna have to be on to another camera
now like a lot sexy scream I don't how
this works but basically my camera looks
like this oh my god I'm so I'm guest
right now bang holy city like that
yeah alright on to the next package but
to go go Amanda you don't need this
everyone knows this what's this one yeah
you've got to get this in one lying
thing already I think oh yeah
you still haven't guessed I don't know
being the Beast no Little Mermaid how
does how does the Little Mermaid of
gadgets then has happened she's talking
about how's she gonna get electrocuted
sugar the fish she would gather that's
kid
she doesn't even put a toaster in the
fucking ocean hello bro she took a lot
her trinkets no she said I have trinkets
and gadgets oh yeah and I'm gonna sing
if Mona I've seen that shit the next
package this is what we do the next look
oh yeah apparently fine it does say hot
chicken flavor and if this is a
vegetarian solo the chicken flavor it
should be good chicken flavoring yeah
we'll look it up but I think it is
currently I've seen people try and
they've like cried see these actually I
bought some others than this and there's
also a black packaging one which isn't
two times spicy next package I know what
this one is stir-fried noodle extremely
spicy well that's what you have to look
forward to next vlog we're gonna try
these yeah the final thing you have seen
Toby had it he tweeted a picture I think
Ethan may have as well it is it's from
YouTube bada bing bada boom bada come on
please all right there you go oh it's
made out of comments as well he is
finally OMG thank you so much you made
my day you will successful
that doesn't make sense I mean it's
comments that's probably you know
mistake I love your content lately
keep it up Simon wonder if there's
something about me there I even go
towards stop putting jobs in oh hey man
you enter weird when we look back your
channel you created we're in all the
videos you've made and the incredible
relationships you've built with your
fans so in that way these connections
are what make YouTube thrive you wanted
to send you a little something to say
thanks all the way you do blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah dear Simon have a
Merry Christmas was a while ago net yes
you know I've been doing a lot of
Giveaways recently shivering is Carrie I
have five of these to give away can you
sign them well it's funny you mentioned
that Jobs Steve even gave me a sharpie
decider with okay guys what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna say you just got tweet at
Astro jorts post tag sharing is caring
okay and then you're gonna pick five
winners also think of a name for our
dynamic duo sweet just tweet your
hashtag sharing is caring he'll pick
five winners and we'll send them out and
jords will sign one why I mean you can
ask them if you can just ask now
someone's gonna forcibly get my signage
that's pretty much all I have open now
I'm done
Alexa see you later alligator that's the
bandoneon Alexa have yeah Johnny got a
date I like you as a friend
I'll Drive you
