fat-ass we're a ragequit gets you a
special pack you right it does and the
other guy rage quit laughter so yeah you
get a promo pack so till week I don't
have enough point okay here we go we get
a special pack okay well I mean we get
chateau I mean we got shat on instead
but and we got the legend Danny drink
water and the Barrow the Leeds player
okay I mean we have eighty-seven
thousand coins that's pretty decent the
other top comment was to change seven
and a half K pack to special pack
because I'm gonna need the players in
Division one but that is ridiculous that
is there's too many special place and
there aren't that many special place out
normally I will try okay was the most
liked comment so I have to do it these
are what we sold so we've sold all of
these players we can get rid of them but
we didn't get any suggestions on who to
buy that got like so we're sticking with
the team for now I mean I don't know how
we can improve this teams with us we
have like a hundred thousand coins of us
but Dimas it it's just me I know I know
with me okay we have thirteen points we
need two wins to get promotion to win
data to know you know you know what the
comments told me to be more positive so
I'm going to be more positive
let's go into a game baby let's do this
why legend purple team of the season
squad builder challenges informs why
does this happen the purples as well the
ones that when I see that purple Sun
it's game over it's game over
I like this camera angle though maybe
this will work or hazard or hazard a
fleet out hunter I'll post it in again
boom what does spike has it and this is
where yes is one attack and what oh my
god what sorry sorry son sour sauce what
I mean that's what I mean it's over
sorry sorry sorry coming up can we how
is he just he's just walking through me
right now do you understand how much
this means to me
this means so much more to me than it
does to you yeah I want to leave I don't
want to be here I don't want to be here
you see that goal do you see that gold
out of everything to concede that that
is going to be almighty Marnie please
money that's a foul
please please please
hazard hazard that's just I don't even
know what that was I have no words to
hazard right now I'm angry I'm slowly
getting more into this than I was which
is obviously easy because I don't know
how I could be left okay first one and
this a special pack although we said
every eight pack is a special pack for
some reason so sure
where's the runt wait there's the run
bang
no I press shoot so many times I walk
adjourn and not be a ghost for a date no
you're a ghost again and that's that
there's almost eight
thank you finally Kyle a hot time where
anyone down pretty much lost but up I'll
keep fighting on can take what the my
pastors need to be so on point
Kyle Kyle put him up my hand hurts my
hand physically hurts right now the
thing that annoys me right is the fact
that I know I'm gonna have to go ultra
attacking and then I need two goals six
touch it pause pause oh yes those two
okay that's another I don't that's not
an assist though it's not an assist for
Hunter but we'll take a goal plays
Marnie Marnie where is the follow up
team why is hunter not there plastic car
Walker are you paused it why are
people this fear it's so frustrating
we've got ultra attack at ATS we have to
go all that you know what we actually
might add or what I take now no we've
lost we've lost we've lost which we've
lost yet we have a hundred percent loss
now right go go Carl Carl oh my god oh
my god Kyle Walker I'm having a shocking
game you've just gone and done that with
it we drew we actually drew I pulled it
back from I don't know what scores but I
pulled it back and we drew I thought I
we get three special packs great I don't
care I want I want to be individual one
this is genuinely frustrating you know
what screw it we'll go for these ones
will go for three of these oh oh oh okay
guys just ruined us
I'm mad mad mad mad mad mad notes small
tiny thing tiny tiny tiny tiny one but
these are that's like an 83 Oh Kosta ok
8 for rate we can sell him we're up to
120 thousand now we'll get another game
in I don't know if there'll be any packs
left after that but we have to start
Division 2 again I'm sorry I'm genuinely
sorry guys let's see what you got
forearm fly is there just as I have that
one different colored money is that why
it's so depressing cut you're watching
this I know I know you know how
depressing this is and yep he's already
wow wow we actually passed that I do
this come on man come on be cool just be
cool I think they just don't want to
pass they really just don't want to get
a pop no don't want to tackle either
it's gone ok cool thank you for the ball
finally caught and run run run hazard
you little melt you little little melt
hazard picks up on the mistake yeah I'm
gonna cut back on I know I'm gonna do
that hunter you little like you just
missed a ball I can definitely get a
goal here he is quite drastic with his
decision-making and I do get through a
kick gone turn out how does he have you
tackling miss Ethel
Oh deli alley can you just leave it
you've been haunting my games for many
many divisions is it that's it that's it
boom there we go that was not a hunter
assist as well we're back in this game
whoa this is some very nice play yeah
yeah and then famous great add hazard
mate unlucky great play half time he's
had one shot one on target one goal what
does this tell you I should be winning
me second half underway we need we need
to win we need to get out of this
division it's going on too long
I beg he's just not like good at these
please he is it's just so so easy as
well
do anything he just kept at the same
angle and just I think he just held up
and that was it the last guy literally
just said watching the last episode as I
played why didn't he let me win prick
prick why's he trying to suck me off
while he's like you know flies it was a
milk you see that I take back my
comments about being a prick
you're actually probably a very nice
person I need to keep remembering to
just not past it with Hunter he can't be
my passing player shows us oh wow that
was a good pass on it was a great pass
right there that's a finesse oh no this
is this always happens if I get if it
gets blocked this always happens
big moment big moment well is it was the
wrong time to run that how to just
glided he just got a cigar it's a brine
bang they're ruining another one hunter
assists as well oh my god we can open so
many packs come please baby we need to
win I've always said you know if you
come up against me have an entertaining
game at the end let me win so you go so
you go and fine
can I my free kick that he passes it
because no no
yummy what was it again the last kick
from the game and we've drawn what is it
about division 2 and drawing
man-of-the-match that's one pack three
goals that's four packs assists three
seven packs but the main thing is we
only got one point again we're going to
stick in this division forever guys what
packs of we've got we've got these we've
got nine of them so we got seven of
these seven eight bad boys oh I'm so
happy we just got a team of the
tournament no that's actually matt and
kind of flabbergasted by that i let you
just four points before this and was
pretty much out after this episode we
we're going to need to buy more points
than eight that's it no no no no not not
a lot of season nothing but give nothing
or masa when you get out to two packs
remaining that's when it's over we're
not getting anything right now I just
want to see that blue flare again it was
so pretty it was so pretty
Oh two packs yeah I went I'm enough yes
yes we got another one
it's not a walkout it's a sandal X and
the letters layer then dunk curtain but
then dunker don't know you are but 86
rated I'll take it well we got two of
them that's the final pack please don't
even afford any more with our points so
that's it we got two teams of the
tournament didn't get promoted today got
Cahill let me know what you want me to
do we have a hundred and sixty-five
thousand plus we could get someone good
hey guys watch in and see
