today is something that I put off for
quite a while doing because I just
didn't really want to do it but I think
it's finally time to face my fears we're
going to venture into the weirdest sight
I have ever seen tumblr
this is mini mentor tumbler okay so this
is stuff that I've been sent it's one
page of just apparently the best stuff I
don't know I don't understand tumblr
myself I sound old I'm sorry I just want
to understand how me and frizzy look
alike okay but look there's a picture of
me picture freezing there you go do we
look alike no there are no answers no
okay this is the kind of stuff bars
worried about 18 Simon Minter would
include you met when you accidentally
bumped into each other while he was
playing Pokemon how often do i play
pokemon you were adorable in those
glasses
yeah no sigh no she doesn't talk like
that whoever the girl is does not talk
like this being each other's home
screens you're no mine is my home screen
is waves my home screen is a wave right
now okay so I'm dating the ocean it's
just so cheesy I don't I don't know what
I'm sorry if you made this I'm really
sorry I don't I just can't get my head
around it okay this one has no
explanation this is just this it was lap
dance okay the word on judges headed lap
dance so that's what I did to Victor I'm
just saying it takes a second to notice
what I'm doing he liked it
though some moving hips you know kinda
low-key sexual if you are telling me
this is not weird then there is okay but
first of all I'm sorry that the gif is
with that is me I did that in a Q&A a
long time ago oMG but just imagine Simon
looking off at you like this
as he eats you out he's just that's just
really good that's just a really good
drawing I mean I look like I'm inside
him at that point but I guess kind of
was if we were the last two people on
earth I'd fuck you I'll show you how to
get it in the hole what are these
what are these Valentine's Day cause
I've always wonders what I'd look like
with tattoos okay these are three
reasons why I'm not getting tattoos one
two three although to I kind of like it
although they're not great tattoos I
don't think I'm ever gonna get tattoo I
kind of want one but I look at these and
I'm like what is that first child with
Simon we've moved on we've gone past our
first you know just being boyfriend and
girlfriend now we're having a child your
firstborn beings for the spot because
Simon just want to give everything now
no my kid is not being spoiled all those
values I mean it has a good effect yeah
the other voice fighting over the who
the better uncle is going to be Toby
Toby already him one thing to name it
after his favorite Leeds player no the
middle name shall be Simba whether it's
a boy or a girl talking to the baby
about FIFA and football because he's
less she's probably going to play soccer
game you got me that you want that that
was a list of headcanon type things of
what the sidemen plus others would do
and their significant others on
Valentine's Day many minta take you out
to a nice restaurant well you know as I
do when you get to the restaurant the
person working at the front nose and
because because just by I mean you're
trying to say that I would try and be
nice but I'm gonna put a match up into
it
illuminate verka what there are no words
for this one there it there no words Oh
what are you doing okay no I'll take the
blame I wrap my legs around I'm sorry
this is odd it was really really fucking
with it dude my sister's off-limits
touch her again and I'll rip your dick
off and force-feed it to you I accept
this challenge why does it say again I
just want to clear up I have not touched
its system okay but very very very weird
now he's like a brother to me that would
make you sister like a sister to me
although his mom is in my mum okay just
to clear that up Simon can fuck me
anytime any day
some ksi moments probably haven't seen
in a while oh my gosh with this I
genuinely saw his penis here I genuinely
haha I genuinely saw his penis at that
point no time I'd seen it trust me it
doesn't get any worse I was gonna say
better but happy no it's all good I
didn't need to breathe anyway uh-hum wow
those casts though closest thing we'll
get to a shirtless mini winter I don't
know where this is I honestly have never
seen this picture before kind of scares
me and those cars oh oh oh give me the
gun back give me the gun back guys it's
over for me
oh my god I know I know you have that
seconds to get a baby and I know we
talked about the firstborn but sex with
Simon would include a perfect amount of
rough how much is the perfect amount of
rough story that is completely
opinionated some person might be like oh
yeah punches me I'm not happy with
United Airlines just they're like never
letting you get too loud because the
others aren't worthy to hear what I hear
they put it in quote marks I have never
said this being a guy Simon never needed
as long as you did to get ready he never
complained about the time you took
instead just got on with whatever needed
doing before he got himself ready
sometimes it was editing or finishing a
foot off or ending the recording or
cards against humanity' with the boys
but other times he had nothing to do so
we just watch you take in your beauty he
would sit in this gaming turn gaze at
you as you were leaning over the sink in
his bathroom putting on your makeup your
hair falling down your back out of your
face he would absorb every interview
from head to toe and disbelief someone
as beautiful as you chose him and
sometimes if he thought you looked extra
beautiful could creep up to you and
snake his long arms around your waist
you look too good to share with everyone
tonight how about I just have the open
phone line I don't know what say I don't
I don't like I don't know how to react
to this I'm just I'm just flabbergasted
that is the only word that can describe
this honestly he can't get any more
attractive I'm not in it what you're
saying is you can't get more attractive
as his face isn't in it Thanks
alright now this one needs to explain
this one I don't know who took this or
how you found this I wasn't actually
touching it it was firmly that far away
it was like this just as the picture was
about to be taken I went like that just
he laughs that was it nothing more no
after sex or anything like that when I'm
having a baby we're not having the
perfect amount a rough innocent but
touch to make him laugh there's one of
my vines on here I made like three vines
and this is one of them back in the days
when he posted videos so that was
unnecessary
the fibers would be silent so I know our
friend never regret something so much in
my life
knew I should have worn my nappies today
if the slide man weren't problematic
there's just all Toby wait me that's JJ
that's Ethan Harry Josh Victor I just
said that that was Harriet oh my god oh
my god that one's actually Toby how are
you not in it
Hariram the side man ladies and
gentlemen petition for these to hang out
more now man me and Connor Shaw alleged
meaning Jo guy holding the camera do you
mean me and Josh or me and Jo because if
it's me and Jo oh mama done this again
honest these chores are ruined but this
time I'm happy this is why we're in that
big I'm just creating more things to go
on this website that's tumblr that is
that tumblr done I will never come back
on this side ever again thanks for
watching peace
