come on come on baby there's no players
there's the team of the tournament and
there are hundred Cape LAX's not many of
them but we look at stop losing you know
what it's not blue that's not blue at
like a blue blue that's not I don't
ignore me team in the tournament or a
team of the group stages there are 100k
packs out there's only 5,000 of them
we're looking for a walkout blue
anything else gone the normal blue would
do Oh walk out come on timber a week
baby all team it's a Thibodeau we walk
up we get D ma ah nearly 90 rated D
Maria I die oh my god I got another
welcome back to buy walk outs jump blue
we got a break a legend all my days it's
the one I get I've got both brothers is
it louder brother ah hoping we get three
walk outs in a road what we did and I
want to see them walk out again
give me another walk out come on this is
this is bad if I get a blue walk out
I'll spray all this goopy string on my
head if it don't walk out come on come
on give me that blue sauces come on it's
not a blue but it's a walk out that's
not even a big walk out it's how it's
Spanish if it's Spanish it's not
normally good I don't know who I really
wanted sergio busquets as i said you
know what fear that mate can still get
oh oh oh I saw striker obviously oh my
god Ibrahim is Lia walk out I'm such an
idiot
I genuinely thought I would have any bro
cause I just saw striker another walk
out I'm really sick of small flare
that's a small flare hammock so
perfectly good I've actually had Garrett
of Hammonds Rodriguez on my trade pals
for I don't know why it's full you just
want to use this goofy string just let
me it's gonna be a blue walk out
remember you can get blues the art walk
out that's mapping in time I just give
II ate a blue sausage that's especially
that's a good idea
come on ei come on blue something huge I
thought it was gonna be for a second
Paul Suarez you're one we'll take it I
will take it 92 right that's all we've
got a normal walk out an informal car
legend walk out all that is left is out
below maybe if I give you a little taste
maybe that's what it is really it didn't
work didn't work and I'm covered in goo
now come on come on
got a legend DeMaria in form okay you
know what we'll buy another 24,000 well
by 36,000 screw it all that's up we get
another one it's the same dude you know
I'm not keeping him I'm getting rid of
this dude give me the sausage
come
come on why can't you just arts Chet I
don't want check I've got like 35 of him
on my transfer list alright we're going
for the selfie back that really I've
been trying so hard to this man is awful
you would do a different one Oh blue
okay I've already got him boy laughs
there's a spoiler but we've already got
bug which blooms there it is there's the
full of jealous gay the boy you know
what will we get him rid of bug we've
got INSAT a third time now I don't want
to ever get informed it's an average
inform Terry eighty-three rates maybe
it's put them on the floor that's what
it is that's what it's 100 cents look
now I'm on the chair never mind
never never mind no no no never mind
another informants showing up 887 as
well I did not think you were going to
be that high I'm almost are points again
it just bought 36,000 I've almost spent
all of them again I might have to go on
two coins are there we go there we go
please please please please please no
it's victorian with catarrian I'm sorry
I know a lot of you are like oh you have
to celebrate mycket I but no 85 right
he's gone
I'm just give me that walk out again Oh
didn't get a walk out you know what I
packed have been awful with coins for
doing one more tour thousand the luck is
gone I don't want to spend more money on
this why was that that was ridiculously
quick Chaka Chaka maybe we won't get any
more but yes I know I could jinx it
against Norwalk obviously it's from gank
pezuela because way low below is a blue
at the end of the day isn't it at any
blue is still blue what do you give me a
player called pollute or something like
that you know how they'll troll me like
that hello give me to walk out bro if he
the only one is he the only orange card
why am I getting him is the one ready
the spin-around
done floor in my logic this wire
go back oh it shows promise yeah I'm
going yeah
wanky I'll tell you that and Kay what
kind of King so geeky implicate matter
king uh became am I really going to get
one more twelve thousand snake a boys
night just give him another walk out we
haven't had one since God knows when my
last walk out with mctarry ins the one I
just had a rather not have it Wow even
getting wool cows horrible highly wonder
Sal's in there I don't want them anymore
take them away from me ei now you know
what I'm getting a sausage back give me
this last time why why not just give me
a blue it's a Spanish one I said I don't
want Spanish Chelsea we get that we get
fàbregas free apps aleut leaf and a
bird does it without sound
it was fàbregas on it do they not say
dude it was I know a Chelsea badge white
why that's a fact I swear I saw a
Chelsea badge or am i making out well we
have lose now apart from all our coins
we have nothing we've lost EA's taken
everything from us flew won't do the
blue walk out is what I specified I hate
my life I just wasted more four hundred
pack still I've got five packs remaining
what are these bags why play with sounds
of from the window to my mouth
still sir ridges will go I don't know
the woods as a great pack opening I mean
actually to be fat at the start I was
get so I got some sit players that will
start I've not ever get a blue or a walk
out I'll stop or what I'm gonna run out
a coin for whatever only 170 packs
remaining no no walk out yeah cool so
I'm be a I am naming this after your
team of the tournament this is called
team of the tournament roller on come on
I've got one pack left one pack walk out
walk out lord please show me blue
oh my day you
one of the lowest rated walkouts
out of everyone one of the lowest rated
and an inn okay cool that's all for
today thank you guys for watching me
lose my mind hope you have a good day
hope you get your blues you want this
yeah thanks for watching see ya
