we're back for another draft what
drafted a you asked well it's in the
title so you already know the youngest
drop that's what I'm wearing this nappy
and someone certainly it's fucking weird
I'm taking this off in a second I just
got them in a p.o box okay I didn't buy
the identities myself sometimes I have
won twice cakes anyway back to the draft
we have to choose the youngest player
for every position okay this is gonna
take a long time you know what we're
gonna go over 2 3 4 1 2 because 3 is the
smallest number that made no sense but
we're going for it I all rap promise no
lava scary 91 91 Shakira Shakira go for
it then Cheerilee needs definitely not
Young's davon Louise could be young Oh
Martinez Oh 91 all the rubbish players
are the young ones it's going to be
going missing it no you little bastard
ah alright next one I don't even know I
just skip that let's go oh I can agree
to me 89 93 SS I pile up as long as it's
not your attic don't you want yeah we
have a striker hazard oh oh oh I don't
know how all young any of you are going
19 so Drax for a 93 well I'm not going
to link any players other center mid
what we gonna get gimme gimme someone's
definitely not you now it could be
Bharati 94 college hitch for a key was
close come on now you've got to give me
either Spanish league or Syria no ma
hsiao 95 you're not gonna get younger
than 95 I I don't know what to do I
don't know how to get out of this we got
oh no I Kappa the younger we almost got
the BPL Center back that we needed we
get start row okay well goalkeepers
who's gonna be young here 99
how is he out of school that's got a
full 18 it will blow me and call me
Steven 18 years old that links with no
one Ida's our next chance for the
goalkeeper youngest one it's what I
meant when we get now we need that we
need someone else good 95 bellowing oh
come on just give me like five amazing
players about those six just give me
five amazing players Mar Nate or son
whose younger son I could use a little
Schneiderlin 87 89 94 this is why I
wanted this is why once I don't care who
I get bro in today more isn't it name of
youngest there Neymar 92
I'm sorry Ranaut I would love to take
her now too right now but it's Naima I'm
gonna go with the dowel maybe you could
CEOs young in a 92 Qatar Becky a bang oh
oh oh okay Toby on Oh Kyle why the next
up was Bell as well ah don't know how to
link this team that's the problem we get
in 94 can fellow 89 it was good 93 the
team is done I still have another silver
yet so it's pretty much done 87 92 okay
we're getting set there oh it's not a
silver all don't be young deroun mr.
room ah right let me just try and figure
this out there's literally nothing I can
do here that is my team get a manager
now I mean who looks the youngest here
probably that guy the end isn't it well
just go it surreal just that you know
boost us a little bit it's a team full
of babies let's go I don't think I'm in
the right position cool them a baby
wearing a nappy but let's go where you
got for me show me your old team yeah
look at it our hazards actually in my
team so I can't really say anything
about him and yeah you sent it back
there they look old yeah I have the
choice of two of those with guitar Ian
and ham sick too old for my team fucking
yeah old get alright let's do this bro
let's start okay well this is already
like there's already a horrible amount
of lag what a red I'm like I'm four
minutes in I mean currently currently
I'm playing two at the back this is this
is yet we're going to have to change
something here guys we're gonna have to
take one kneel down with ten men alright
I've had to change something we've made
a sub this is where we actually get
serious now guys please can I just okay
you know what turn in what why this is
this it says there's delay I know you
guys are going to believe me but there
are delays there are this slow delays in
the eastern line Oh mother
there you go go go go go go go go go
boom bang it across win the header and
score now alright I've done everything I
said so far can I just do the final part
bang oh I'm through touch inside yeah
there you go
and finesse bang thank you God we're
winning this game why are you pausing it
I just want to score I'm going to score
this attack as soon as the important bit
I will score unleash the in an Appy boom
Pass pass okay as a foul thank you I got
fouled it hindered me
your final fours bro use it wisely you
ain't getting another port offers ain't
causing it yeah that's what I thought no
more pauses grow no more pauses just you
and me now here we go here we go
rat can we just siness please learn
tertiary on refinish please there it is
lowered it to one you lose into ten men
mate ten men and the guy playing is
wearing a nappy I mean I deserve to be
winning look at look at this I have ten
men yeah this is where I'm going to
struggle this is where I'm going to
struggle no don't do that
what what how does that work that how
did that path work yeah no no no I've
read that okay bring it on 1v1 me bro
won't be what okay you you want how is
that gonna work it was an interesting go
why is there like oh no that's just
great that's just fuckin great why is
that it's shitty little lag am I on
am i on come on oh my god I'm on are you
serious
well about time you little shit and
before you say it I'm allowed to be
childish I'm wearing a nappy I might
have to go ultra tacky you know I might
I might actually have to do it I might
have to go ultra attack I didn't want to
it's the 70th minute we have to my team
do you not want to play no are you
little yes go go go all that car no oh
no no no no I will hate myself I will
hate myself so much if I lose this game
they want me to score up and yet there's
yeah there's the SP up the up misses me
let's just next we try again a few
moments later
well ha ha I was gonna quit this there
we go I can't believe it I can't believe
it victory dance
and created more I can't believe I've
actually managed to do that
how many men what cuckoo 14 years no
shit Yama sent him a message
oh okay well next game I'll try and keep
all 11 players in pitch wearing nappies
like they've got a lot of you know like
adding on them so it's kind of comfy
that's a good theme but they're old they
all look old renowed Odin egg in for my
team because old cheerleading and making
cuz he's old I mean it's not that old
really is it alright hopefully a game
without lag and hopefully a game with 11
people the fact that he has a guest I
don't know if that helps me or not okay
I really don't like that I really don't
like the fact that
why is he pausing it there this has to
be a tactic this has to be attempted to
get me to not focus but I'm focusing I
am focusing so I've done it
I bought it now I'm about to concede yes
there's a goal great save they look how
I meant to get through this entire
defense unless they're just across a
bank that's how ok I feel like the way I
have to beat this guy is counter-attacks
he doesn't commit players oh my god oh
my god poor I don't know what that was
strength of balance dribbling everything
everyone just shouting at me not to have
done that you know what there it is
what what why would you why would you
run that far playing a lot nicer
football than I was last game although I
always say that and then I give the ball
away but you know what I mean like I'm
actually I'm stopping him a little bit
earlier than I was and I'm possibly get
about a lot nicer like that and the net
there we go there's that if I go one
more than it is game over the three nil
no three nil this momentum could all
change here we go here we go here we go
bang but why honestly honestly I press
forward his name I didn't mean to take
it off tie my shirt it should be fought
should be Fornell that was all flows 3v1
I don't have that many shot considering
how I feel like I should be you know
like seven Neela look how wide his team
is
they're just players everywhere run run
hold em off hold them off nice and then
the thing oh okay we put the ball in we
just need one to finish it and there it
is let's keep it I can we get one more
goal let's see
boom Oh Oh a bit slow there you go there
you go and one more over the top okay
that it was too slow cause it does a
horribly slow ball if that was the same
time Oh sick boom
these love it why does a lob take so
much longer to take the shot there it is
like we didn't get a fourth but we won I
thought that's what matters is getting
to the next round I'm proving that the
babies can do it victory dance
and create it far all right this team is
called too sweaty is it it's Suarez up
front
ah I mean it is pretty sweaty but I only
got 82 chem it's like my level is this
guy wearing a nappy that's that's the
real question here because if he is then
I may be screwed my downfall is trying
to defend against people that use LTE
you know what I went defensive and it
worked so I'm gonna stay defensive
kimete make it those flares I've got
ghost players guys short let's just do
that a little dink a little dickhead
across oh oh my god that was almost sick
that was like he controlled it to
somehow they're seriously now like now
really this is this is gonna be a quit
this is gonna be gonna be a quitting it
was the lag holy cow this is and this is
very intense they tickle play pool
please please take it don't even finish
all the gamers this is too fast paced I
don't like it see look I can get to here
if I really need to but then it's about
where do I go off for that that's where
I don't understand how I haven't scored
I don't I don't honestly know what this
happened and now he's got it attack
and there's the Gulf yeah he's important
this minute cause that ball was going to
work I don't get why people still
celebrate on this game 45th minute it
had to happen to me at some point
ah we always lose in this round just
once it'd be nice to get to the frickin
Final Four once
Oh sugar Oh sugar he's done very very
well ders okay you know what it's
illegal now we're equal this is just
unrelenting there's the F there's a
scooter and it's just manage me it
manage me
Foreman okay I'll do I didn't throw it I
didn't look good yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah what the fuck is my doing
why he had two chances to just push the
player of the poor note we're back into
the attacking territory now aren't we we
actually have to go attack it was his 17
minutes left we kind of have to just go
for it yes thank you thank you go back
all that back script all that attack
make or break make or break go on what
is that
that was just just passed with why are
you running there that was like no I
didn't even have a chance to get the
ball to you over there I we literally
have five minutes and nothing on come on
but give me a chance please it's game to
play missile well you're stupid whistle
I don't fell out anyway every time every
time the same round he actually was too
sweaty that was his name and he was too
sweaty he just ran down the line alright
let's see my prize yes again here we go
last time they were special packs out so
I actually got some decent things
there's no special packs out today why
every freaking time every tire looks
about nine yeah let me see how old is I
bet he's really a 1990 SETI's still and
nappies if you're a young player no
you're not young you must be old now 89
you know even though old for guys it's
time for one more thing nappy is being
removed not because it's used that's
just one of the factors saying us
watching I'm sorry I'm awful personal
you learn to deal with thank you for
watching and shit
