one two three four five six seven seven
things have sold only Mustafi is left so
we're going to put them straight back up
we have ninety thousand coins eighty
nine thousand quints now you guys told
me that last episode I only open three
packs when I should have had four so I
need two over one at the beginning of
this episode all this promo packs today
okay I need hunter to score today but we
do get one seven and a half K pack first
we get nothing okay yeah we effectively
get nothing oh this one might go for a
bit as for who to buy the top comment I
could see anyway was to get David Luiz
I get his inform if I could afford it as
I saw we're not even close we're about a
hundred thousand off but nineteen and a
half thousand will take yeah well you
know what we'll take him nineteen and
our thousands we get davon Louie's but
maybe I'll do a forward his inform
eventually as in cheerily nope still can
afford him now I don't know who you're
saying I should get rid of by your
infamous a FIFA these from Racing's will
keep must a fee for this game I mean
that's a pretty damn good defense
although by E has been amazing for us I
don't know maybe you guys actually meant
get rid of informants taffy but he got
quite a bit of money we ain't doing that
this is a solid team the weekend League
rewards are ready to be claimed i swerve
oh it's the full frickin month won three
bronze players okay this is I mean we
may as well open it we get three red
players oh my days I don't think I can
even sell them fantastic great hey I've
got three sixty four although I don't
think there are any less than that back
into the division and we have four games
to win the wreath if I can win or if I
come in both of my games today and we're
in a great position I want to just win
at least one today so that I know I am
safe in this edition because this has
gone horribly for draws but I need
hunters of score because they're special
packs out right now all right let's see
your team your team is blessed
Oh
he plays which am place foot champs and
he have legends ah alright let's see
what we can do here team let's see okay
he's doing the slowed I definitely a
foot champs play you can see wait the
ball hasn't even gone up
I know no no no no can we not can we not
do that wait oh come here give me the
ball give me them give me the ball
oh no oh no oh no that was just just so
you guys know that but that was straight
from kickoff effectively that the ball
didn't now it's gone off for the first
time come on money
come on money oh my god what the snows
that was that was meant to be a McGinty
spin I was the makini spin what I didn't
need why I'm just stressing out I'm
gonna go gray I'm honestly gonna go gray
at this rate run hazard run and you know
what bang it across with your left foot
follow it up Tommy I need you to score
today I'm like hazardous kitten space
this game yeah wait yeah you thought I
was gonna turn back led I'll take a
corner I'll take it yeah I'm a division
1 ticket I don't know yeah Division 1 Oh
am i no I'm not oh no is keeper got it
ok come on van Aanholt turn out yes and
then finessed take a corner again we'll
take another corner that's the ball I
need it that's a ball that's a well wait
no ok that's a shocking ball I was I
don't like I don't know how that made it
to the keeper out wide come on take a
touch Walker
Gribble boom what a cute thing punches
through I just throw Frank Matos really
that 45th minute and he does that I
thought that would have been like a
almost guaranteed go at least the corner
whoa we are winning 1 nil ah we just
need to just hold on just just hold on
off tomorrow
money money you spanner
the pressure is what counts no no no no
no no no no no this is bad it didn't
actually want to jump it oh I always
said it's like you're attached to point
up so much time I didn't think like the
past to work that well come on just
click please just play some nice
football thumb and pussy oh you're
scared now Anya scared now oh no
I'm scared I'm terrified I'm terrified
please no no no no no no no no no that's
this bad bad man whoever you are bad
this is actually horrible this is
actually horrible like I'm being bullied
right now I'm being bullied although I'm
winning I'm being bullied great couple I
would take the part I will take the
power that just slows him down a little
bit I might have to do the foot champion
type of gear and just pause the game and
let the game settle the game wants me to
lose the game wants me to lose guys look
look look at him charging forward look
at him charging forward yep thank you so
much whoever that was I love you you're
gone lunge it there you go keep going
van Aanholt bang bang van Aanholt come
on bang man in the face flying man in
the face bang hunter in the I was a
special fact that was a special pike
right there and we missed it was so
close my screen is flashing on and off
my screen is flashing on and off and
it's pause the game alright what is
going on with my screen it's doing it
again it keeps happening I think I'm up
quit you quit yeah I'm actually gasps we
are safe in the division one more win
and we're good I only got one goal so I
only get one pack it's not walk out it
to rest we get I even though you are
with my I have no idea why there's all
these black screens that like popping
out but we are in Division two and we
need one more win today and we are in a
very good position for the last episode
of the reason 2 and let's have to do it
again minutes not the last episode just
just nevermind oh my mind awesome that's
a good team that's a very good team I'm
playing like the two opposites of the
sections right now if this guy doesn't
have like the white does I see a flashy
Cosby this guy is a 2016 player the
other guy was the 2012 player he is an
EA Sports kit so that worries me could
be anyone he does though well I see it
Spence how he got it I should really
learn which ones are good tips and which
ones aren't find it to avoid the buna
playmate you know you know play no I'll
have a little run around without to scam
a little bit tight this is your plan
isn't it you're gonna get up till tired
I don't like your name SAP really well
please give me a shot oh no no no miss
Duffy is there the stuff is there hazard
has its through hazards through and he
bangs it expands it teeth
hee hee
can we can we just cook leave all right
this guy makes a lot of mistakes it
seems like I don't know how good he
actually is yeah yeah no bump what like
that was the worst strike I've ever seen
hazard you beauty
no was asleep it's still bad it's the
calling you Domini brought that severed
oh he's just one of them this is one of
them big long ball over the top there
carry on down the line we all knew you
would got sitting before you did it and
there's his first goal yep because don't
forget I don't take advantage dude don't
don't do this don't do this you make me
angry you end like me when I'm angry
hold you you won't like me when I'm
angry
that's one oh we're back I'm really
another foul does this guy have balance
don't don't be good don't be good at
them don't freak my heart stopped my
heart actually stopped for a second that
beautiful place hazard your hazard your
hazard yep
you're a hazard to me right now I don't
know if I can keep you bros often flame
off take you such why don't I pop good
where's your icon I thought I should
have just passed it there I thought I
thought I thought I messed it up
halftime that's the weenie a taper to
one up we wanna I'm so happy right now
Loki destroying him right now I have had
you know could RuPaul the shots triple
well could you pull the shots on-target
triple the shots this is the new me it's
a new dawn it's a new day it's a new
life for Simon and I'm feeling good no
no no no who's there again mr. Walker
man like van Aanholt trying to get the
best wing back position no he's bit okay
no mr. lon still up no see van and hot
you just knock Karl Walker are you I'm
being destroyed right now guys I need to
get the carrier to get rid get rid a
fine that's fine
Simon calm down please don't be good of
these please please please I've seen one
before and he's actually very good the
rest of you need to jump please watch
this all right ready he's lining up and
jump oh no that was a shot for the
system no let's let's not let's
ah no no no no no no turn in we all read
hate when I say it I can say it but I
can't do it
I am absolutely destroyed right and lip
Lac is just going to hold off Carl
Walker and goldbank done these freakin
jabbing again God people like this they
deserve to just have their game broken
ah this is where it just goes downhill
in it we're gonna have we just gotta go
ultra tight Hazzard Hazzard morning what
why are you not defending well oh my god
that's great very very playful how did
that not go in and there it is
there is African is oh I know you know
what I'm not going to call him anything
dickhead that's it all right we got a
hunter Gold special pack and a normal
hat which means we have to win both
games to get promoted which based on how
we normally do in this it's just not
gonna happen
normal pack first here we go just seven
and a half K pack for the Marne a goal
we get a rare we get Pellegrini now the
one everyone actually cares about we can
throw 35 or 40 left at 45 here we go the
45k pack this is the hunter goal we get
Wow just pissy I was I had real hopes
for that you know oh there's those two
games done where we're done thank you
guys for watching hopefully enjoyed this
episode of rage episode number 56 or
something have a good day and shoot
