all right so my parents on the couch
here they want to get rid of it so I'm
going to do something for them they only
have one couch so I'm going to get them
to oh my god wow this is bounces off a
lot of people obviously say like oh you
tubers always get flashcards and
everything but I thought this time I'm
getting a new car your dare makes us go
ahead everyone get their new cars I'm
getting one too
I'm excited this is my second car visit
at the range I showed you guys that and
I'm back in the same place to show you
my brand new car this isn't what I
thought it was there we go my work here
is done
let me show you the inside of my new car
so uh obviously this
the radio let's just ignore that ignore
that so they don't come out the back
this parties happen it's obviously got
enough room for like a hot tub or two
couches that's right
all about comfort so where you guys want
to go on a ride yeah you're gonna have a
quick ride in the newer what do I get
half
as you like
right so uh
first I'm driving where we did go that
way okay wait now we're gonna turn out
well seconds later I do now
I'm stuck alright there's something you
know I have a pet when I come home and
the reason I come home is just to see my
favorite pet so here we go evil nibbly
pibbly you can see through the good boys
who don't go boy are you a good boy
yeah yeah oh no oh no only one of you
can be my favorite pet so this is your
chance go
I think this was actually considered
animal cruelty now I think we need to
stop that yeah so that's it I mean yeah
just helping that wait let me let me say
thank you to you today thanks for
helping uh yeah the good job today
good job buddy yeah wait you have a
photo book
all right Lars my trip home to see my
pet I'm gonna head off now BYE MOM bye
dad I'm going to get home I have to edit
a video what's the price don't know when
having to get McDonald's because there's
the new McDonald's Monopoly thing which
they've done every single year it's not
really new and I always be gone
McDonald's just so I could you know get
the monopoly stuff not eat it you know
I'm definitely not going to enjoy it but
I've seen a lot of people do these and
I've seen a lot of people spend a lot of
money so I just thought you know I'd do
a small one where I just get like a
couple those Street and any regular
mcafee not drink what not a hot drink
leap Street and an apple pie or Sunday
damn it I literally just bought one I
could have gone out for free
and look flowing or a cheeseburger you
know I'm actually getting ridiculously
good things and the final one an apple
pie and Oxford Street now to throw this
all away because it's unhealthy
oh and two mouths and now for a segment
I like to call what's in the box what's
in the fucking box Easter shot why'd you
sent me I mean thank you but I mean I'm
trying to be healthy you tell by that
McDonald's I have salads why is that
butter there huh I honestly have no idea
where they're the next one we get some
running shoes no oh no I mean oh yeah am
I really that tall I mean actually yeah
kind of okay I'm gonna butcher this but
babe on you know when to use it
yep Thursday night yeah it's not super
leg thing wait what the I can see it's
really this and lotion this emotion no
video ideas oh I'm going to show you
guys this okay this next one I've just
seen the edge and there's no way this
has to be a troll definitely an iPad
Mini it could be an iPad Mini still it
is a not an iPad Mini an awesome letter
I'll be the judge of that he's in your
letter to try one and if I do to try the
lemon here for my badass okay so there
is only one lemon in here so can I do
this alright here we go this is the
lemon one no no okay
love
but
oh that and the final what for today is
depend what what is depends why you some
I've been I just been sent underwear
this is a nappy this is this is a mail
nappy this is for men this is if they
pee themselves there's protection here
am I start working there what do you
think yes
no does it look good slept over today I
don't need to go to the toilet anymore
so they got to watching on please
