if you don't nobody call oh you've got
to be yogi ha ha well where's Craig ha
ha welcome to my Easter video guys Josh
is going to ask you some questions if I
get them wrong so he gets to egg me why
did you add me to start with I mean the
Easter Bunny will egg me okay question
number one true or false the word Easter
appears in the Old Testament in the
Bible why you come here
ha ha ha this Bunny's not true maybe it
oh I know oh my you actually know that I
read my Bible so my look at you was just
aa lamb by the symbols of Easter as it
was a package animal in the Old
Testament logic wonder though true is
true yeah I've no background as the
rabbit is an ancient symbol of fertility
they do hump a lot
they do not true because they hump a lot
is true oh yeah the egg represents new
life or the resurrection of Christ but
true or false
yeah the egg refers you lie and order
every animal is it at all
surely that's true it's true come on
marry another person difficult questions
from those popular American Easter candy
is the chocolate bunny that has to be
true oh oh wait no why why is it why
would be obvious is it jellybeans cousin
said I think American eat the candy is
the sort of money truth or mr. Loeb is
the top eight oh I see what you did that
I see what you did
ah so on Palm Sunday Jesus Christ came
to Jerusalem pure full you know the
other gradually yeah let's go in true is
true he's riding on a donkey yeah egg
rolling the traditional event in Great
Britain now is church no he did it again
let's go to punish me hang on you're
horrible
oh oh oh my neck oh my nipple right now
three o'clock on Good Friday
what's happening outbreak I thought it
was a Friday oh my god Oh Priya clocked
about Sid bells ring like the world
better report false it's true no it's
not there were no bells in my room
because there were no bells in my room
that is my room is part of the world
three o'clock everybody doesn't really
well true it's not true lucky it's not
you're really covering my head Jesus had
his last meal post on Good Friday for
skinny friend yeah the name Easter comes
from a Greek god Easter Ruffalo I'm
gonna go with false it's true yeah okay
so we're burning off the ten question
rope I just need more eggs how many we
are Michael we have too many eggs and
Lent is the time of fasting after who
approached simple yes before Easter
high five magical yeah Jesus that was
killed by the Roman true or I should
know this like on a star re ORS this is
a high egg truth he smartly should be
today I can ask a question go for it
what South American country hosts the
Easter Island Brazil pretty I don't know
I just skinny that's alright so I called
ah even true or false me you know her
but because rabbits are seen as pests in
Australia fucking right
all oh no probably use the eat the bill
B or bowel B as we warranted
I imagine it has to be fun if it's not
full I question my country in Australia
yeah I quit I'm do lawyers in a good way
I'm sorry Australia but I'm questioning
everything about your country ah ha ha
the crash is just going to punch in the
head
I forgot I we're doing another GP in the
Czech Republic
ok there is a tradition of hitting women
with whips on Easter Monday - awful food
please go for I'm going false reject no
no it's not it's terrific it's how how
is I still allowed a legend says that
the woman should be hit with the whip in
order to keep I cannot eat during the
whole next year in today's you should be
supposed to be ceremonial and not
actually caused any pain
so basically Easter Monday there's get
bare kinky so basically you can kind of
with them ah John now I wonder when that
are us watching so that is all for today
thank you guys for watching this Easter
special we have also done videos on
Justice Channel and Toby's channel to
make sure you check them out subscribe
right over there now you guys for
watching and my hug I'm hideous
this is on to the clean water this is
not please my affection ah stop because
there are everybody absolutely guilty
