yokas going on and welcome back to
another reddit 5050 challenge i am
joined today with Jesse
how you doing Jesse I'm doing good how
are you I'm very good although I'm
excited and nervous to see some strange
and wonderful things yes I am very very
nervous
I actually just missed a sharpie so I
can get a little high I don't really
like you you look as well yeah yeah do
you have one I have one I here
if you don't know how this work
basically there is a subreddit for 50/50
way gives you two options we're going to
go through taking in in terms there's
only one normal option and one kind of
really bad option and we're going to
take in terms to guess whether it'll be
the good or the bad option if you get it
right you get a point first to five
points wins Jesse as you are the guest
you're going to go first
so lion the mutilating gweinidog oral
I'm chilling with a wiener dog I think
that it's going to be a line chillin
with a wiener dog let's find out there
we go it's oh no it's shitting in the
German chili with a way to show good eye
right ami was waiting for that to just
turn horribly Terrell mutilating wiener
dog okay well that's a point for you so
you're one Nilla police chase gone wrong
are too cute cat sorry I just asked you
can't hug uh normally I go with the safe
option so I'd go to cute cats but
release shapes gone wrong isn't that bad
so I'm gonna go I'm gonna go to the
police chase all right I guess we'll see
let's go let's go got it down the cute
cut oh my god oh oh no Jesse's another
job lustre Jesse's gone okay so it's one
nail for you
it is killin edges I normally win this I
normally win the 50/50 challenge I've
done one of these before so like I have
a what I pray for option but usually
laughs it was never my right option
though a perfectly timed water balloon
assault or poachers gunning down
endangered rhinos for their horns
see I feel like this happens a lot that
was in Africa for two weeks so like I'm
pretty much Africa now and I think that
it would be poachers gunning down
endangered rhinos for their horns
because I know it happens a lot I feel
like this was gonna be let's go for it
let's find out
oh oh we have a kiss plus space sounds
like a good time or skateboarding real
grind fail I mean there was kind of
gonna be bad you know why I think it's
going to be tips and face like I think
it's going to be a Face Swap of tips
today okay let me also make a banyan
thumbnail so here we go click on its and
face yes this is going to be absorb
every Walter what are you why are they
oh it's so so men look at my face is
that why is this is look at your face
it's not your formal I kind of want to
walk around with those on my forehead
for a day and see what the reaction is
oh my god oh they put psyche ones oh
definitely gonna get the saggy ones and
put them all over forehead okay that
makes it one old balupu from Parks and
Recreation or a really bizarre
cringe-worthy performance Ella I'm gonna
hope it's a bluebird from Parks and
Recreation that's what I'm going with
right now let's find out its its
performance all hips drinking
masturbation with animals and
questionable dance numbers I don't think
I'm gonna watch this I just went for the
first one and she's letting dancing
really crazily and I can see her bush
and it's all seem to turn me on oh my
god people actually watch this the
second one a minute in there's just a
girl dancing naked and there's a guy
jerking in the background shut up hold
on I have to watch it now Breaking Bad
if it was made in the 1990s or drugs
being removed from a woman's vagina the
last question I did I well I went for
the non nice option I'm gonna go with
the brace of bad options and hope that
it doesn't go the same way yes I got
Breaking Bad as well 1995 style what is
this
I put music behind it from like the 90s
this is this looks like a very family
based show it does if you show this
appearance be good okay you can watch
that show and then I go there's just
like drugs everywhere
alright we're gonna go with a sword
fight between two pirates or Somali
pirates get wasted yeah I don't know if
it means wasted like GTA wasted or
wasted as a drunk well I'm hoping as
drunk wasted that's when I go in smaller
parts getting wasted it's two pirates
having a sword fight guy
this is the host of a Caribbean I was
wrong once again to assess have I
already you got - yes - one - one five
minutes of non-stop twerking or ten
minutes of most brain-melting melody
yeah don't say for work twerking so it
could be my actual booty sorghum actual
booty okay well that would be fantastic
for a thumbnail again I think I'm gonna
go for ten minutes the most
brain-melting melodies today's here
literally how is this brain melting this
isn't melting my brain at all this is
our computer but ten minutes of this oh
it's the same one over and over again
okay yeah I can understand this now I
want to put that behind the next one of
my youtube videos see if anyone notices
maybe I've already had it at the start
of this video you may either get a cute
bunny compilation ah or man forced to
remove tattoo with sandpaper that is
disgusting number whenever you said you
wouldn't like your boat with sandpaper
yeah that's going to make me think
that's what this is man forced remove
tattooist and paper I'm writing really
hope it's no please keep on ease please
oh you didn't keep doing it I don't know
if I want to click this to be there
woman do it holding a gun to him and it
makes me sad that makes my heart hurt
that is just messed up I got right there
that's a very very hollow victory that's
32 baby takes wallet at a woman purse
teenager with world's biggest penis give
their induction look well I'm gonna go
with the baby because they didn't fill
me getting my reduction so I'll see you
now yeah that's me I'm the teenager with
the teenager get more fun I'm like a
good few years of being a teenager
dammit I'm gonna go with the baby takes
wallet out woman's purse because I think
I'll be joke that was disgusting I
didn't expect to be like I expected it
either be a picture of like him with a
penises like 10 foot long why wouldn't
you want you to reduction you would like
to get knocked out every time you got a
boner
it says once lasted it measured almost
seven inches in Italy to have
circumference of 10 inches wait what is
7 inches so ya know with the
circumference of tinnitus oh yeah seven
inches soft but is it going to be a car
commercial forkel accident let's go with
car commercial yeah yeah ok I think I
think you might be right yeah yeah
you're right
I'm
going back baby doesn't make me want to
buy Alexis gecko hatching bigger than
expected time left of ants completely
eating a gecko so it's three all right
now that yeah we really brought it back
okay honey - I need to get this right
take the leading I'm gonna go to turn
naps
oh that's mad it's not even really done
gross it's just kind of crazy that it's
fully mad
that is crazy we're gonna right right so
you four is there gonna be a chimp
through soup grandma or draining a leg
from infection so while I was in Africa
I spent two weeks with chimps and they
threw stuff at me all the time so I want
it to be the chimp throwing to beggary
of all I want to see it again but is it
gonna be that one or the other
let me find out Oh gladly I'm not going
to do this okay no no I don't I don't
watch that I got close to vomiting right
there a classic romantic love song or a
not so romantic love song I'll go with
no so romantic lobster corn please
that's not so romantic right this is
gonna be nice romantic I wish I fuck you
by yah I have to hear some of this what
well I'm gonna take that as a win yeah
that means I mean that's not romantic at
all
it's not I mean I was waiting for you to
try and argue and be like I found it
romance a lot so beautiful now it wasn't
I've just got myself bottle of champagne
yay
victory pose congratulations Simon I
want to thank my mum I want to say my
dad my dog everyone who didn't believe
in me thanks for making me work harder I
don't know what I'm really saying I'm
going to end the video that is all for
today on the road at 5050 challenge
Thank You Jessie a for coming along and
being such a great sport
no problem it was fine whatever it
almost made me puke but the rest of it
was fine as always make sure you check
out Jessie's channel in the description
we have done a video I don't know when
it'll be up it may have been up
yesterday or today or whenever but make
sure you subscribe to Justin so you know
when it's coming out make sure you leave
a like thank you guys for watching and
yeah thank you Jesse and see you
