CEL Jagielka it is done salbo Jean it is
also done sell drink water
wait are you man drink what no man you
you hate charity and get Bob or one to
watch I mean like really did you really
even expect me to be close
he's a million he's a million coins guys
why do I bother but we sold slam money
and we sold that yeah sure so we have 72
thousand coins you haven't really told
me who to buy this time but I did see a
lot of comments about how my midfield is
to attacking so I am gonna take off
Catania for now and play campaign I
think the team's looking pretty damn
good I don't know we get I want to see
Jenna how we can approve this I mean we
could always sell a couple of players we
could sell like message and rash words
and as Polly quitter and people so do
you guys really a net but now we are
focusing on division too we have won one
game and won three I mean we haven't
lost as a bonus but I need to win games
because we need point if squad is called
20k guys surely that's not 20k no way
Jack Butler by Smalling and an informed
no way and informers minimum 10k
bollocks to this guy Sylvester 97 you're
a liar a liar and a scoundrel but I will
forgive you if I win I will I will I
will let you off I will let you off if
you let me win why are you pausing it we
are literally six minutes it don't if
you bring someone on now then you're
definitely not 20k he's changed how he
plays now he's changed completely how he
plays go on Kyle Kyle give you a run for
his money yet nice Wow and then we turn
in pass up far side boom look at him oh
so we'll just do something good I don't
know how he got that I don't know how he
got it and I don't know what to he is
doing I don't know how to get parcels
guys fast run money run run that's a big
touch that's a good touch though alright
ready sir Oh Clank oh please please can
I have the ball back yet we all know
where you're turning and that's just
lucky that's just pure thank you to hell
that's just that bout is just ridiculous
I've got candy on now guys so if
everyone saying my midfield is to
attacking I have can take I mean I'm
still let it going but thought you
weren't even close
that's don't even don't even try you
weren't even
close oh my god welliton Reliford
how has he found that space how has he
found that space where is my team how is
he finding that faith by ease Matt by
I'm disappointed to fight right now
Oh God why is this team why does it seem
what I'm calling handicapped I'm calling
it division - I don't I don't like it
this game isn't about fun anymore he's
had three shots three shots where's my
team I met okay you know what I've got
attacking there's nothing else to do
right now there's nothing we can do a
part of goat more attacking well done
mmm
come on where do we go welcome we're
quick there's nothing on there was
nothing on hunters just his legs don't
work like they should thank you de
bruyne thank you you owe me you owe me
and but there's one there's one hazard
at least we get a pack guys I'm focusing
hard right now I am focusing super hard
that's a bull that was a fool and a half
all right we have nothing to lose I mean
like apart from more goals but what like
what does that matter there's no goal
difference than this it's not properly
hazard hazard please please if there is
a fee for what oh thank you want up
there we got one more goal seven minutes
we can do this I believe I mean if ie
does that we cut okay that'll do that'll
do and then de Bruyne that I brought on
these pulled it back three old ah we've
got the drill though we've got the draw
I'll take it three no down yeah offer a
draw you take it why are we drawing
every game we've got three goals one of
them in hunter if there are special
Paxson's that is one two normal
seven-and-a-half k-pax and that is it
that's half the season gone and we're on
seven if we do that again we only end up
on 14 that means nothing
okay there's no special page which means
we have to just open these so we get
three of these now we get the pot non
rare brilliant oh okay pack - we just
need something sellable that's what we
need we need something sellable and we
do not get it and the final one this is
the hunter goal we just need something
we get Jackie ELCA the guy we just sold
and we can sell him again or are we go I
never turn fan it will be able to budge
ever sink it and
he's got purple I just leave okay quick
view Everton players to be fair to him
Wesley he had to you know upgrade a few
cuz he's not gonna win any games if you
just ever Everson but yeah you know what
we'll leave that Everton fans calm down
in the comments please give me a win
just just be awful
just please I just I could use an easy
win it's nice it's nice and bang it that
was so far wide but it's a promising
start the fact that I even got there so
you know what I'm happy go on flick it
around that was so nice and there's the
ball okay okay cool how has he got this
much space but I see Blasi oh oh it most
me off he loves me right off there to be
fair to him what do you sit with
everyone I'm pausing I don't get it
15 minutes oh it's it's so he didn't
lose the ball win it all right you know
what and then finesse
no don't even phonetic you mad I'll do
Brian - Brian posit what the frig was
that de bruyne wife came there like I
don't how how did he do that how did he
get is striker to be there when I'm
struggling to get a centre back in that
position paper circus has it has it fire
you see that ref you see that you don't
know you don't want to blow it up you
don't know but he clipped my ankle a
little bit that's right that's right
drag them in drag them in black Kyle
that's three everybody gets one and
you've had three I'm worried because I'm
struggling to get a shot which means if
I can't score then I'm either going to
lose I'm going to draw I've already said
I don't want either of those sporting
friends in it hard time look at this
look at this game somebody's is going
it's not going to be me based on how
this is going I know I've had more shots
I think he's had two but I mean my name
is ed confidence shots you know what has
it oh you know that was actually banging
in top corner I'm just saying that was
actually ridiculous this is it this is
it this is it this is it that's it boom
don't want everyone in my team I would
have chosen you to have that rebound big
tackle
I'll take it it slowed him down a little
bit it slowed him down
come here guy uh-oh how do i how do I
get past him how do i how do I know Oh
ah I'm so frustrated right now in every
way that wouldn't need to know that part
oh my god of course of course yes Thank
You Kyle for being so far nobody take
this hooded why why what was the need
oh my god for Lassie but laughs where
did that did you see that that's my ball
that's my ball as well are my very I'm
genuinely I'm shaking right now the
cables in concert Hunter hazard with 90s
yes cricket God outlet oh my god no no
no no I will foul him I will foul you to
the depth of the earth right now I'm
fouling you I'm gasps I am so gassed
right now I am we needed a win so badly
and we've done it we've done it
Oh any time Samantha Matt just one pack
goal for hazard two packs an assist for
Hunter three packs because look that has
now meant we have four games left
we need one win or two draws which we're
pretty good at apparently so stay in the
division three wins out of the four are
very very unlikely based on how we know
we play three wins out of the four and
we get promoted well the last thing to
do is open the three packs that we just
got this is the one for man-of-the-match
all decent sized sled I think at 84-84
rated Bruno I'll take that when I say
I'll tell you that I mean it'll sell him
I was only a K and a half that's
actually pretty low really won a walk
out like so badly Muslera
and the final pack we own on rare how
did my pillow fall off 82,000 coins is
what we have we need to do well next
episode or if we went to then bloody
fantastic now holding my breath for that
because pretty unlikely based on how
we're doing when most likely going to
draw the next two games I mean as long
as we hold yet another seven and a half
thousand coins that's at least ninety
thousand points plus probably you know
will be like 95 without a hundred
thousand coins by then let me know you
want me to buy top court was when I
choose so you guys watching and suit
