congratulations Adam Smith he won the
previous contest on tops kick I'm back
with another one so don't worry
tops we'll be in contact with you Adam
to choose a ps4 or Xbox one it's up to
you so now there's another one this one
is called Road to Glory signups begin on
the 13th so that is today and as you can
see I've recorded this yesterday so you
know starts in two days it starts on the
15th it closes on the 17th if you don't
know how this works basically you open
packs you get players and they get
points based on real-life events it's
kind of like the sticker books meets
panini wack in a little bit of fantasy
football and there you go so any new
players you'll get ten free packs for
the five days that will help you build
your team for the road to glory now I am
going to be playing Josh we are both can
open one BPL base pack those twelve
players are the only twelve players we
can use if you don't get a goalkeeper
you're kind of screwed obviously the
competition does reward prizes you can
see all of them right here whichever
side I put this on so make sure you
check it out for now I'm gonna be
opening the pack let's see what we get
against Josh
here we go the Premier League a base
pack plus inserts twelve cards by first
god okay we've started better than what
we learning at Stowe because there's
jacker know now it's back to normal
okay goalkeeper I'm good holy
Gabriella or we get a striker do eeny
Bellini I mean he's okay on fee for any
but not the kind of guide to making
captain okay we get Marc noble Ethan
would be happy of a sampai room don't
know if I'm happy X leads her oh I got
him against Toby as well he's not
playing Joe Ledley has more choice oh
great a great beard made daily Blin do
we have any more I think we were white I
think were we might not have the most
attacking team but we've got a good team
and here is Oh your team isn't it's not
bad it's not so bright yellow gold I
mean you have a Canadian that makes it
work you're like I speared in the
Premiership are you gonna make
don't be like no and say someone else oh
I didn't get high in shower price video
I'll be where the same kid that's very
odd sentence if I didn't shower I'd be
wearing a different kid I mean by yeah
you only get one goalkeeper as well it's
a donut Oh
oh my god they can't score this is but
this is fake oh my god this is fake oh
my gudd oh my gudd oh my gudd why you
try to score this oh my god
Wow got you back ah yeah and you missed
deserve that listen you'll never score
from that far out if you can see what it
oh I was oh oh my god huh like a star
player star player ladies and gents
please seventy rated silver Joschka hurt
me I got a scary whoa you're cooking a
ball oh no you're glad no let's go that
you're glad you asked
that's Rivera Carmen is kamasutra what
am I going Troy Deeney
ah beautiful Troy beautiful gun bag Troy
what is that why why does this come back
the floors not wet enough room to slide
that bar zip 45th minute 45th minute
charms what's is that what's you oh my
god oh I told you it wants me to score
is the 41st minute
yeah this games actually hate it's
always it's for than it's not like we
just allowed that to happen first half
John please I haven't got any firepower
to bring on well you mean you about
bronze dude okay second half come on
let's do this let's do this yes yes
marijuana marowak marowak the Pokemon
does that pok√©mon called marowak yep oh
my gosh you know what shad for an
emergency players in each team the game
terribly then we can train him on oh and
there's the girl there's the girl that
was a good girl it was it was a good
goal I do I start I started getting lost
in defense I - why he's though you need
full stores going off whoever gets a
like a half decent job with it
as any input is any like no no no no no
no my friend
what the hell are filled at your
Garfield time ha ha ha fun bitches what
barn is going on oh I've lost the wheel
for ultra attacking don't do this that's
start we doing that's a foul that's a
great tackle guys oh no on center 886
minute you see this I can see this
happening already 90th minute I read
that first turn end and release a key
that's why you know not the 90th minute
corner please classic mutt no idea post
why just control it for you yeah players
can't survive this long I'm broke I'm on
all-out attack garbled this is why
shouldn't be able to attack you bitch
Gothel so me not clean how please
please Shalini Blaney cap
English you get back on scoring 450 yeah
there's the rebound there's the Rick
this is the worst we're in the wash
again right 15 more minutes give us up
yes bring on Gareth Barry the worst
player just want a goal really badly
right you know what it's time I've been
a bit of bit to attacking we go an ultra
attacking now it's not Liza's this is
the goal kick there that's that that's
the center kick tactic I was telling you
about it's not worked it's cuz it was a
center that's why once they let you give
you a pass look I'm gonna fire you just
so you can't do break tackle
are you serious that was a man that was
a sick tackle send him I was a sick came
from the pit you yeah shine trash bags
are the ball the ball of dreams look at
it just too far no no bad you're glad oh
my god lit I let you have this last
attack that's it penalties Josh what do
you do when your player does art pin I
don't take colors in this game and even
play this game I think I've won one
pedal my first taker is the
bronze player
you got this right is this in it look
look look look
what why do I Gareth Barry but how do we
okay you see how I take this you to
save that one Jung know what you know I
went slow school I thought it was a
tactic I thought doing it slowly was a
tactic ah you do a good pedal Josh it
doesn't go in okay
that's very sick that you mean ah okay
here we go
he's your hidden tiger that's it that's
our bang I need to be top left it's
called Joey Barton doesn't let me down
oh no the player who's never passed the
ball forward in his life I didn't you
know I panicked so much a chant
left I went right up and sent her who
would have thought Martin noble would be
taking what Oh
Oriana male takes the penalty associate
price like your eyes come African little
 Fellini why why okay so that is all
for the game on my channel we are going
to do another game on josh's channel as
a reminder be sure to check out tops
kick in the description and make sure
you sign up to that competition because
you can win all the prizes that's all
for today thank you josh for playing
thank you guys for watching and peace
