hi so we've come to borrow market comes
again England's odious cheese cuz you
know I love cheese oh you're gonna get a
try hold it scoop ring cheese that is it
some of that yummy cheese
this is the cheese this is low again but
this this one maybe I want a really
moldy ones yeah I've never had cheese
with no cheese no stop smelling the
people's food
weird like cheese fetish okay one of
these this is gonna be the stinkiest
Bank no fifty quid on cheese fries DMT
you know the worst place right I said
when I get a million subscribers I was
like I'm gonna spend a thousand pounds
on cheese this is close enough 50 G's
hunting for things not people while
we're in London
let's go geocaching okay there's one
literally by the river so the river is
on the wall and feel the black metal
near the steps right there I literally
think it's going to go in the boat we're
gonna go down there oh my good sands
Franklin's go home is quite close that's
pretty close let's go then let's get
moving
I'm just it's a small package though
daylight so you should use that you're
getting close me a plastic drum
container covered in a green camo QR
code for a reverse fat pack panda change
bamboo the Panda I am a cash buddy
please lock me in on geocaching.com and
move me to another cash
okay okay I'll be gone for one day
actually really really young
premature I told you three to one
it smells a bit
oh don't let him cut the slide do it
just do it do it do it oh that was fine
boy that was fine it's so creamy all
these noises fuck you know do it do it
before who's gonna be hard just do it I
can eat this I can eat any pussy - two -
a couple times - a couple times yeah
he's actually taking to come sisters
face the world's moldy cheese tastes
like shit fucking da would you lick my
balls for me
come on come on we have all of this
project design they sent you a whole
controller it's ready sick guys
absolutely if you have anything you want
to send it my p.o box people of england
will put it in the description of this
video
send Georgeson things make him open them
on camera lots of sweets and sweets
sweets because they take a while to know
what point please what is it I've given
you some sweets and some whipped cream
and I think it'd be a great idea if you
practice I'd man with it maybe in the
face JJ or your camera
but
