100,000 coins that is how much we have
and you guys told me to sell normalness
taffy and buy-in former staffers well
thanks for selling all of these people
that's not even an issue we can get him
for 41 k it was about 70 or 80 cable to
one two Watchmen stab me but you said
impulse I'm buying in force so 42,000
coins there we kill the defense is
getting good now guys Mustafi it's been
great playing with you but I'm sorry
yogi you're gonna go and and so the new
most Daffy high this team is king I
don't know how we can improve this maybe
changing formations so anyway as I said
guys this is Division two so we're just
gonna be using fitness cards now so we
can play our best team every game but
realistically we could start selling
some of these players it's up to you I
don't want to stir you in this division
anymore we got one way in one drawer
last time I playing two more games today
if we come when both of them were in a
very good position but it's Division two
I'm struggling with this I let's see the
team that I'm facing that's the way team
in it that it was that is okay he flames
Smalling I don't play small him because
he has a big ugly head and he keeps
letting me down so I'm hoping he makes a
mistake with Smalling I'm just saying
that is why I'm not playing it Lee's
don't be good I beg I beg I'm playing
and someone rubbish it would just make
my life so much easier
alright come on this is where we go this
is where we come on it come on e my
money oh well I know that's gonna be a
foul on it okay if it was sight don't
oh oh ma no beautiful man why didn't you
school an animal why use it okay I get
rep know that what left back is forward
I don't like this how do I get past him
how I just those black oh the mistake
just morning I told you he's going to be
my outlet earth skills on a little run
till late off to hunter hunts off lays
it up Marni so now phosphide there we go
and then Kyle Walker
place dancer plunger just runs away okay
please please cut no okay
absolutely no one wants that ball Omar a
you little Spang you know what I don't
know what I do wrong but somehow my
defense just they just leave everyone
like he always has one little player
just running through the middle
so easily where's the run money was okay
but um how did he he tripped me up you
seen it little look at him on the wing
look now look at me yank
see that exactly how did he get that one
player three good huh as long as we're
winning good harvest what I always say I
mean it one shot it wasn't even on
target oh we've brought over an alto
Sanchez he is the bane of my fee for
life
I would actually love it if ver NASA
centers if he's the reason I win if he
can just make one mistake I'd be the
happiest man ever why has he got this
much space no no no no no no that's a
goal yeah yeah yeah because he just can
control it like that economy can just
control it was that much time in the
area ah I was doing so well well I mean
I was one nil but I mean I was winning
that's that's doing well okay I was
doing well until de Bruyne how did that
pot make it prone to what I don't even
know what to say about that
like what is this from the brain he just
missed the ball and then that part to
make it through well 28 minutes left
we've gone attacking oh my god some of
the returned don't return he's back
that's from kickoff I just feel like
he's gonna score though I feel like he's
that's my ball was that yeah that was a
Smalling header my score from this that
counts as a Smalling mess-up nope missed
that he could have called on his debut I
mean I'm not gonna lie he has a lot more
options than me I don't know how but he
really does is this is my final chance I
think it is positing with the passes a
little bit right now he's okay come on
come on so Brian Brian if you could have
just got a good hit on that I just want
to get a shot off that's it that's it no
no I'll take it really we know what as
long as we're not losing it and said
last episode we just get four points in
episode it's good to girls up to seven
and a half k-pax no it's just 400 to 700
kids I'd get four points for three more
episodes which is six games and that
would be twelve more points on top of
eight so we'd get 20 points we wouldn't
get the title but we get promotion but
that is assuming I get four points every
episode right first seven-and-a-half
kpac come on we're not
it's a rare I don't really know what
we're hoping for these days I guess
we're just hoping for anything that
sells and the second one I mean I would
have been so easy so sick to get like a
legend or so you know something six for
the theories we got like a legend strike
I don't know what we do we'd probably
have to change like the whole formation
just for that player
all right Game two let's go wait why did
I not change them around I came to let
go where you got for me where you got
for me bro division okay he's got a
normal monitor
I got a lower can say he's got Smalling
as well I mean we've had most of these
players to be fair and sold most of them
well I guess the hope is we don't let
the Sun Rise we're gonna play in
darkness he's a slow player as well
everyone everyone's a slow player I've
realized no one jumps into tackles in
these divisions there's the ball there's
a bog pot with it hold it oh here we go
this is it this is it money Oh take
corner yeah I've read I've read that
where you going we passed it and there's
a goal
the hell we pursue that is de bruyne
fault again Wow he's doing very very
good at attacking this guy that wasn't
our captain by the way he's a play he's
doing as good just the finishing use the
holes there's a gap there's a gap oh why
am i trying to buzz into the gold people
have told me not to do that so many
times he's trying to play like me now
he's trying to play like me that's bad
there you go must a fee the new boy oh
the grim guys I'm playing that just how
is he still standing I would have
knocked me out get rig it rid get rid
the leak the leap of dreams
there was a leap of dreams and then he
just okay go through it
boom click it click around the corner
what's the run run run run run is to be
won it's to be won baby is to be won
yeah and then turn back out I don't know
too many turns from and while have to
choose the ones though one agile my
thumb is genuinely how did I play 40
games in a weekend my thumb is already
hurting you know what I just need to
shoot he just he doesn't come in tackles
run no are you serious he was ok let's
defend the back I'll forgive the rest
this time what a stat shot zero goals
there are water stats so I mean this is
a very even game as an arrow
really I mean pretty much let em school
let's do this let's just let's just try
and hold out and get a win just one goal
that's all I need
de Bruyne is he's having a shocker right
now I'll tell you that all I need to do
is just not actually pass it early I
feel like I should be parting it early I
don't know how to how do I get a kick oh
great tackle to void absolutely
phenomenal no don't just don't do this
don't do it don't do it I see the room I
see that I see the run whoo mmm not a
fan not a fan there you go
Marnie you just please let me have one
chance oh my god son son you you mad he
just blocks everything off because he
doesn't actually tackle he just lets the
computer do it and then know that you
could tell that was meant for hunter
everyone could tell that was meant for
hunter and jump
no not like oh you know what we actually
do have to go all that attack please
kind of all that chuckle yes go go go
okay come on this is this is it the
chance the chance of a dream the chance
of a lifetime
I thought that I absolutely fluff that
forward sideways through and by you sure
my Spencer back by he is there I know we
do need another goal realistically but
I'll take it for now two draws two
points that's bad
I'd rather lost than one one go from by
E and an assist from hunter those four
to seven and a half k-pax if we win the
next one say then we are halfway through
the season nine point so we literally
have to do the exact same again and we
just get to seven and a half game packs
again one for the goal from bayi thank
you so much bye you two that all those
and get me anything and the hunter
assists for the final thing of the day
we get so we get Salamone with these
cells at least I think well well the 69
roll thousand coins so let me know what
you want me to do with it pay for
watching and suit
