no more for today at least just just the
today I am finally doing a normal draft
I am sick and tired of being told who I
have to use we're trying a normal drop
go boom false-9 butt butt butt butt
there we go there's a messy center for
would give me a good strike okay we'll
take in Accardi
it was argentinian give me something
give me healing oh we're taking a
Ronaldo come on just keep feeding me
these players no luck so I mean he seems
alright any might link with the card it
legal BBA please Liga BBVA you know what
I'm just going for the good players for
now okay Yaya tour√© we can have a link
we can have a ppl back for it could work
it could work better in solid davon
Louise I mean BPL sure come on one final
BPO I don't know who all or oh okay um
okay
monorail would link within but
realistically you know we can take a
lunar any links is renowned give me a
good be PL please good ppl go beat PPO I
said ppl goalkeeper buy a big image one
good sent amid and I see it me none of
them are gonna play it we screw it all
lakes and veins we could to take him and
sub him on all over and slow you know
I'm going to say Mario Gaspard risk
give me a cent amid please I thought I
do not know I don't use McHale it was
like a son Serling or Marshall to give
but we'll take him okay better voice is
amazing a mycket Arion would be sick but
that s why I don't even know if I'll use
it but I wanted I don't know who I'm
really waiting for um kind of way for
another name are really sorry and I get
one final good player review okay oh
well then could have been good but name
our site name I want it Eriksen could
fit some sense of it but hazard I don't
have made free upon oh my junior to me
why are you giving me these kind of
players I guess a guy's Barry just he
could still the bench right let me see
what I can do
well there it is that's our team 183
rating we have 96 chem 87 racing and I
mean our bench is pretty wet know what
I'm not gonna make a sub goalkeeper so
why not why not just have that we have
we have a hazard inform we have an S
vine we have a Sanchez of the car D I
don't know what to do with this team I
do bad it's all on me alright let's see
what you got bro how many attacking
players yeah you
have as many attacking players that you
got left mid playing CD with the why are
you pausing why are you making a sub
we're at eat please know what screw if
you're going to make a sub so high go
see her sorry beige is gonna bring on
hazards her head we may as well go for
entertaining football all right let's
see what you can do mate let's see how
good you are going bang alright nope
nope nope ow
Aziz well okay well I mean we have we
have work to do we just can we just not
please please how how was he just thank
God that was that was a ridiculous book
on a run please them through and take
the touch no no no no I don't know how
I'm not scoring like oh no what just a
little joke if that was some willy
caballero against Chelsea kind of shit
there you go I'm back in just just
making it interesting you know that's
all I do
that's all I do all I do is win oh no no
block no again I said I'm just making
interesting I mean this is now
interesting go on play through and they
can touch and finesse there we go it is
very easy to get lost we finally have
the chance from kickoff come on what's
this look this is from kickoff remember
this is why it's going to be a goal no
wait don't let him don't let him don't
let him get a shot off win it win it
no he said he shoots he scores if he
shoots you thought okay now I'm going to
score this is look this is still uncut
uncut from the center because you know
that you know my rule if I can get a
shot off I know whoever gets the shot
off scores 110 I bet you 10 pounds 10 10
billion pounds 10 billion pounds shake
on it shake on it right now
shake on it whoa smell of it what's
doing the good off still haven't gone
off how is this not gone off and this is
the longest clip I've ever done without
cutting ever come on please please just
pause the ball about past I know okay
okay I want to cut this clip I just I
just can't because come on come on oh
it's off it's fine what a waste of time
that was seriously I bury disappointed
if I lose
he's not he's not the best I just don't
know how to finally can't take the leave
that's it that's all it is there you go
look that part across like such and bang
there we go now I've taken the lead just
leave just leave me just leave you you
realize up there we go he realized I'm
the better player yeah well I'm not
complaining that's one game down victory
sip let's see Game two
okay I mean I keep forgetting that it is
the draft everyone's going to have some
good players I mean I have a lot of
players either okay I can do this here
we go let's go game to baby game to turn
in everyone with that everyone read it
and then let's turn back oh wait no wait
and boom across you're lucky go David
Luiz make Neymar ponerse awful but he
gets it back and bite us is us not
bicycle Corps veteran he ain't catching
me he ain't catching me yeah and then
pass it back and but there we killed
sorry to do directly but I want to do
well
come on run spread you look no wait
don't spread you like just handed mad
what no I'm not doing the maguey t spin
pot of that lame off takes up Anton s
that was I don't know how he's good that
I hated gone well misoo Leonel messy no
no doesn't want to be messy he was
someone else it was that the player that
I took off last time Raul Garcia oh he's
got one back we've got one straight from
kickoff and then across turn again and
finesse banks there we go that's what
you got Duke Lille won two against this
guy and he is gone part-time for 105 won
and he's got a quit Oh hohoho
hot damn this is yo-yo Jam he just
powers through everyone that sounded
it's mad it sounded like I said Wang's
oh I might actually have to go defensive
is the issue here yeah I'm pass oh oh
damn oh damn oh damn he just learn right
defensively we'll see how it goes if we
can get one more goal it's over a little
little bit like a little bit of like we
can make it through the night with a
little bit of like we can make it
through you know it's Osler
like it's such an turn s no thank you
go with Ronaldo just you know put
certainty into the top right bones room
it's guys kiss what mad guys sense to
quit there's no point now where I'm
sorry but you have 10 men it's over ends
the game just put us both out of this
misery of just playing for nothing just
end the game bro
Lia no no no sorry mate yeah three layer
and pass it across the closet across six
touched and bang yeah we choked just to
be a little bit more of a douche all
right go on Gavin Louise BW is your
David Luiz better than mine though oh
we've done it they're playmates don't
play dumb Louise for him it's been
incredible ahaha James who wins done one
more and then we're in the final
hopefully please the semi-final awakes
and oh this is where it comes unstuck I
mean he has John stones and that always
means some form of embarrassing failure
but a rest of the team is mad
it all depends on how good he is though
his team's good but he's bad I mean that
can't help him but I feel like this
guy's gonna be annoyingly good okay when
out it please Vanessa into the far
corner shot goes to Simon brick brick
brick brick Luna I don't have peace at
the plaques up at all
piece of the back is bad this is very
very bad okay this is bad this is very
very very very very bad long to kneel
down guys I don't know what it is about
the pretty brinel but I just can't win
it when I run around and there's ah that
was that was a good move good move good
move see it right there you uncheck that
and bang there's one there's one back we
can still do this we can still come back
one where anyone down now please please
be for Lords yeah and he just got the
most ridiculous bow and he's back to a
head okay that is that got those guys
need to just shoot from further out I
have no pace is gonna he had to turn
please he didn't really have to turn
back to be honest get rid of run Ronaldo
run and then Mizzou mess nothing what
each no he's only had two shots
sometimes he scored three goals a new
job you know what Garcia pissed me off a
little bit I'm going to take him off
we're gonna bring one hazard
I need you to do bit please let's
examine Ashoka unless he's having an
absolute shock around how I should have
taken him off should have just taken
messy option knife Baynes is coming on
absolutely no point but you know it just
solidifies my defense a little bit more
so hopefully I don't let in another yeah
and then boom we're real grateful but I
was a great bull from message oh and
yeah he knows he knows he knows he knows
look how attacking I am can you not see
Messi making that run their post and
that wasn't their post but that's it
goal but it's game over it's game over
man please I need to go I need to go
right now
there's one there's one okay okay go go
go go go get the ball get the ball burn
out oh no don't don't take simple
another attack we're and all that
thankless rest oh my god oh my god we
did it we were four oh no second all my
days that's what you get for being a
douche bro made it extra time Oh baby
this could mean we have a fine on our
hands also could mean that we have
proper heartbreak after working so hard
sorry name of it you coming off we need
sadi yeah we'll have a car D we have a
car D up front now this could be good
really let's stop this really really rip
really let's stop Ronaldo one second 15
minutes to get another gold it's
abortion he's got every single shot are
30 double u-turn in finesse we need a
goal don't do anything oh my god it's
bullshit that players don't come no and
looking for the up no cut off fucking
hit it in the I'll hit it in your own
goal it would drive an uncle
I beg a bit hidden your goal just blow
your whistle make just blow your fucking
whistle does he really
Jesus wow-wow-wow what I did I know I
said I was being a douche but yet an
open go when he passed it Oh guys
there's something just not right with me
in the draft jumbo premium gold packing
somehow okay sure well open one of these
just fun just because why not yay look
at that what's up high and now the big
pact which everyone cares about because
we didn't get a walkout is wow we get
Corona I might have to have a Corona
after this guys screw it I didn't get to
the final I didn't win so we're gonna do
this just okay we get a blue actually
good Wow okay well I'll stop there
there's nothing else really right I'm
not really fussed about anything else
and this is a special card but ever big
that a big flower case an in-form
it's like a fever see we got a blue card
an in-form now we get nothing here we
have to get a gold card at some point
what an awful pack oh there we go that's
a walkout I said come on give me this
give me a good card give me a good
that's a big flare it's a big flare it's
a big flare it's I will happily take
that and we talked a knee bruh no not
with a walkout but notes and not a blue
either another freaking walk out come on
wasn't a big flare it's Argentinian
ag√ºero that is oh my Dave Ypres of
where all blew up one more blue would be
very nice it's a small flower moustache
anyone special cards a walkout we get
nothing in our second loss like three
average flares and the final pack and to
end the video we're gonna lecture oh my
god Matt we just got a legend where we
got Ebro we got a blue we got an in-form
I'm done I'm done I'm just mad victory
sip thanks for watching
