it's been a while since I've just done a
normal episode of hunting we will go so
we're back for another special absence
from now we're doing a normal episode
since the last normal episode I have
done the weekend league which we
drastically improved our team then we
played against Riva you can check that
out in the last video and now we're back
to divisions we've sold Dilys and roe
now we've got these two players to sell
and we still have a hundred and seventy
thousand coins to ask you guys what to
do get eighty to Walker so we found a
very cheap one thirteen thousand okay
what yeah we'll take it get upgraded can
take I already have the ATT rated we
bought him in the livestream get Chris
Smalling
we also have Chris Smalling we've had
him for quite a while I think I think
I'd stop playing him in the livestream
because he was doing awful and get
informed Patrick van I even know who
this is
let's have a look Oh van Aanholt okay I
assume you mean him there's no point
getting that one is there it's just it's
an extra like 40k we don't really need
to do though I really hope this is the
right one you were talking about because
yeah 81 came it's gone I'm sorry Coleman
but you're being replaced we now have
Walker monorails getting dropped
that's the laqueer is onto the bench
okay just so not everyone gets tired
after the first game we're gonna play
upgraded can say but it is a lot of team
so it's pretty frickin decent this team
is good and we are redoing the vision
two for the third time please let us out
this season
so the first game I don't know if now in
the list mMmmm gonna just move past that
swiftly let's just next screen so here
we go come on then give me it give me
the ball okay it feels like I haven't
played in a long time and I don't know
why like awkwardly long okay no he's
really just running with Memphis stop
stop that hole and an hole van Aanholt
you have 90 pace do not let him get no
no I've stopped him I've stopped him
stop him nice score van Aanholt new boy
come on on his debut just run just run
just run me how is he great 90 pace
manhole okay now we have a little chance
a little o3 is it innocent it's still
it's still on ha dog no that boy is he
really just going to keep crossing
look he keeps doing that turn back and
cross every two
every frickin time and as his first goal
it's just I don't think they praise so
slow and boring how do I stop that just
when you hold LT how do I get the ball
off no one managed to get through this
it's just there's no way and van Aanholt
just messed up and that night I don't
know what to do we've had two shots I
mean he's only had three and he scored
two of them here we go attacking let's
go we'll move up every like 15 minutes
or something
look how defensive he is how I meant to
get through this pen thank you by the
way living by the mantra that was voted
like three episodes ago hunter goal is a
special pack there's a special class so
even if we lose we can take away a
special pack right now and I mean that's
better than nothing hazard hazard but no
no please please please them off I mean
you know what can't a we'll take a
corner we'll take anything that gives us
a chance right now oh my god can't they
just murked can't a just marked him you
saw his little ha ha limo and ticket and
Walker on its debut with a little tackle
get rich get no way yet keep our I beg
thank you okay but you still with the
pressure on I don't know where I'm gonna
go
bottom no just Vanessa keep looking for
Wow oh don't don't do this going to stop
him stop him please please please Google
Google goes and there's gonna be a goal
to hail we have two minutes left
you know I think against this guy I
might just take it raw if I could if I
can I'm not go to NY that's full time
we'll take we'll take the draw with this
game from two now down you have to take
the draw I mean we get a special pack
for the hunter goal and we also get a
normal seven and a half K pack for the
hazard goal it could have been a much
worse start so seven and a half K pack
for the hazard goal this is just a
normal pack and it is it's normally not
something we need it again not something
we need now the organ thing is hunting
at a goal which is a special pack but
there's two special packs out right now
so I'm going to do this we get this okay
I mean I'm sure you guys wanted this
pack anyway let's be on it we get we get
sure we gotta look sure you know what
guys we're getting like far into the
season now
I'm just gonna start using these again
we need to win so we're just going to
play the best possible thing which i
think is this may be falling but I'm
just not really effect let's see what we
got here he what all I'm seeing is that
a barb oh I know the I know we've got
two silvers but I'm just thinking about
mean we have a good chance it's a nice
Brazilian team with a random Japanese
and a barber all right one twos are the
way forward with this guy one twos
really watch look ready mmm not really
where I wanted it but there you go Oh
Dion he was on that's that's a hunter is
this all right corner getting a corner
this is a it's gonna be one of these
games in it whether it's just no
defending that's a goal Oh bye-bye
United no no no thank you for getting up
in time for that when I say one two's
all the way one says you know what why
not why not my name I need to make this
guy quit a ragequit is also a special
pack remember we should make him quit a
hundred percent yeah let he doesn't he
doesn't know where I'm going Oh money
money hatchery here we go hunter he
turns about and 50 mega cool what a
strike no let's not do this I don't want
to come back okay
no let's let's let's calm down a little
bit matey
calm a little bit down just just a
little bit on forget your skin.you thank
you uh what the fuck what the fuck what
the what the fuck - fuck who the hell
why did you not very much bother why did
he do that now I have pressure on me I
need another goal I was so close to
potentially having a rage quit here but
now now it's the opposite now now I'm oh
now he's made me rage somehow oh there's
one
and then he turns in and then he
possibly black Oh what no no no no no no
I didn't even do it through bull I did a
part I did a straight straight pass oh
my days this pressure is too much hard
time okay amigo I need to go straight
away come on Simon focus okay
we know I'm gonna be the one focusing
why are you doing this please please
please thank you look how free I am at
the bottom if I couldn't no no no no no
let's stop that in front post tactic I
know this I know this front post tactic
please a one the Marni hat-trick come on
give me the money hatchery no don't give
it to the goalkeeper you little
spongebob let go go for that finis be
slowly whatever I changing news changing
he's gonna bring on like Ronaldo or
something when I was gonna get to last
minute goals no no no no no no no miss
taffy Mustafi don't let him Plus no and
Hannah hold that I'm so happy upset that
bubble bubble thank you and I swore not
nice nice money what okay come up can
you not move into a mission please
please Clank that's the ball comes up
and bang why didn't I just burst it I
got nervous I thought nervous guys don't
judge me please don't judge me no no no
they defense defensive defensive don't
just do not do not don't make it was
good I don't deserve to be punished I
know it was awful
oh there we go come on final goal - can
you get a hat Trixie can't we've done
that we want our thank God I know we
should have won that so much easier than
we did but we've won that's what counts
two goals of mine a that is to seven 1/2
k-pax of one fine sir that is another
seven and a half k pass the main thing
is fixed we have four points out of a
possible six oh it's fine
we have forever episodes that's good
right so we have three packs a thing
we'll go for one seven and a half of 115
that's not about there so the seven and
a half K back we get nothing great now
the 15k pack please come on come on come
on this this whole thing could be so
sick if we got we could have got the one
of the foot birthday cards it would have
been so good we're up to 90 km so you
guys can let me know who you want me to
buy the main thing is Division two we
need to get out of this so let me know
what you mean to 9000 join Spang us
watching and three
