you're now feeling when you wake up and
you just really want a certain food
right now a lunge pose this is called a
right so just go home right and I came
home to look at how my video is doing
you know the one where I stared at that
wall for you know an hour that was
horrible so I'm looking at the video and
something seems to change I didn't cool
it that what I call that that if I what
my youtube career is over they got me
they got me oh my god they got a precise
now on a rail it will be sorted yeah
don't worry about that
anyway yeah tomorrow cardiff boom into
the jet and when I say jet I'm in it
yeah we're going to Cardiff so hey guys
anyway hello do something cool music
video problem with youtubers Co anywhere
everything's bills different any problem
if you live in lookout fuck me I got the
red limousine
these guys by the way you can check out
justice log is coming out soon in photos
he's doing you doing a blog for the
first time
haha hey wait is that yeah we made it
we're in Spain well well yeah I actually
don't seem to matter ha ha we made it
ah yeah it's Cathy we're gonna go eat
you know we wish it made it to be an arm
time left we come and down oh we might
get with your eagle uh yeah
welcome to speaking Welsh with Ethan my
need for entrance yes why is it
Annabelle disabled I think I thought I
got that was awful yeah what's the funny
birth I opposed to save you give my
needy answer what is that it current I'd
go back to this side against animal are
you guys available rush with a brush and
a bit alright I'm a big relief I care
diamond that's us we're males seismic
merged get so immersed in the female
toilet I need to go without panted the
I'm going to die no everyone's dream if
you had a cool boy everyone scream if
they had eaten voice crack just learn
everyone's dream no the final word Ethan
other there's pre no I predefined I'm
most likely to who's most likely to get
arrested okay I think if you both agree
on that who's most likely to be found
drunk in the street I don't think I
don't really drink that much though oh
oh my liver is one I can diabetic like
no no getting stuck in a list obviously
a very bad way who's most likely to kiss
a mum don't look at my ribs very well oh
oh oh you know you're right but you know
there's no what we meant I read inch I'm
trying to win a hundred thousand pounds
all right look I have much too tense I'm
so much three pages you in anything
fucking hot no it in where thing though
two times nine whatever today girls a
bunch of scratch guard didn't want to
shoot yeah no nothing that something bad
up even win three I've got one hundred
one hundred and a hundred thousand
they're not the same no no no pounds so
it's not this boy calm down this is
who's most likely to kiss a guy knows
between you two no no no okay next
question let's go see who's most likely
to date a fan between you two oh shit
well the couple and really what else one
who's in a well co-pilot so quit by
plane ride by Toby bye-bye
I'm shocked by sexual as usual we have a
couple of packages so package number Lee
no I've just realized what this is why
are you sending me so much grass but
don't want this package number to break
the limit a package numbered Soup for
Simon can be read on camera I don't mind
oh my days we we get shock it off geez
Simon mini mentor bracelet oh my god you
know me so well whoo that's me that's me
my bucket list case he you that's from
Deborah from Belgium okay we get one
more from New Zealand what does New
Zealand have installed Oh
so another times we go the other one
over the line
oh my days is either take so you're
gorgeous don't
it's not for me please wear this on your
wrist and your gaming videos and see if
anyone notices well they don't know now
I might do this in the next vlog I need
someone else to do it to me I hope you
like to jump around other stop there's a
jump a jump on what's mad is how company
this is it's tired I'm late but not
brave and I don't know if you can see
whether the Emin logo there I mean even
a logo there let's see
Bob you've now created my favorite
hoodie so that is those amazing I'm
actually pinky but thank you very much
you lee markham and deborah from Belgium
and New Zealand thank you very much
Sega's which is AD
