no girls was going on and welcome back
to another hunting we will go it has
been a while last time I played the foot
champs the weekend leave obviously was
very tiring playing two days seven hours
a day we got 20 wins out of the 40 games
now it says our rewards are ready to be
claimed them sorry I haven't done this
in a while but I've just been having a
break from it we get our rewards we get
to mega packs of rare players back and
30,000 course you guys need to let me
know on this video what I need to buy we
are playing reeve we have already played
repents while I'm not showing you the
record we also sold pretty much
everything we have so we have a hundred
and fifty thousand coins I can't show
you the record by to shade the coin
before you watch this game you guys need
to watch the game on Reed's channel is a
very very good game so check out in the
description also subscribe to rewire
over there he doesn't serious could
voice to glory and it's kind of the same
thing but it's like it's very different
but it's a protic Laurie effectively
before we get into that we're going to
open these packs we have three of them
on my days it's actually quite a lot
yeah
a mega pack first start really click it
really wasn't great with it oh I like
these I'll tell you know what I just
take everything for now I want to get
something that I can use again three
come on give me something sick must yeah
okay I can't use him he doesn't fit in
the team that he might sell as they he
you know okay okay right this is the big
pack the smallest flour I've ever seen
in my life right wing we get we kept
Felipe and it was gas I was so gassed we
have a hundred fifty eight thousand
because let me know now we're going to
go into the game against reef you
noticing we're using this against brief
hopefully it's enough to beat him not
giving anything away about the last game
let's go yeah we go let's go see okay we
know real just even if you're it's
morning and I so love dumbbell oh those
you love again if I get rid of Bailey
and I in Germany I might do alright your
type thing is actually to injure my
clothes right bold tactic what's he
gonna do cool Oh oh-ho you know what Oh
almost makes just on those I'm really
like this I fluffed it I fluffed that
defending oh my god okay I'll take it
back you fluff that me all go on your
money
and there's a ball no can you keep with
why you really appreciate it wait oh my
nose a little bit like I thought my leg
switch worked well no jumping there
really so really what you're doing is
you're saving the quality of your place
yes but if that is all I can I'm a lead
fan I have to do that come you know oh
by the way for me as well now where is
your place yours your place you're
making plays hey guys you go
Brasilia he's the right back he's the
right back Simon you're right oh no no
what's bang it or you see that you see
that trickery you see that trick oh baby
he's not here Oh
oh my God look that's that's why I need
by you that's why I need him that's why
like you see how easy you got popped my
other two yeah for this minute oh wow
that was so fun well I know the bow
where are you oh my god hold please my
lady oh my like you took my pleasure
clinical clinical picture men the ones
that went on telling you
a majority of the Magisterial is across
the face I don't know what to do with my
team all I want to do right now is sub
what hunter not allow I know I don't get
why my players don't keep the ball
properly
I think I'm pressing the rocks on I
think I'm pressing the wrong button
that's a mistake there's way too much
space it stop it stop it come on i ah I
literally in my head I she's just like I
saw it going
can I can I passed my Bradley tackle
tackle em have a go yeah yeah oh wow
roofs internet well why am I like oh oh
oh oh that's what we back come on money
and you go I'm sorry to have to pass it
across I don't like those every time I
don't know by now I try and take it
quicker and quicker just in case you do
figure haha oh God
oh wow now my place Oh No
get off okay gonna bleep get up you lazy
oh there's a Blair by 11 Skyrim sound
effects from this I have respect to you
so oh I have respect for you so I didn't
put a play on the line oh okay okay stay
back stay back
sorry kids it lost job lady
Wow no our blog is too obvious nothing
happened a bit of stuff game of game
look can you run to a Mustafi oh I
almost I do
that is literally quintessential
damodaran I have to I have to just I
thought you were going to do it I
thought they'd come back with I'm really
so I could have got a final goal there
I'm really upset right now hunt ago an
assistant Imani got a goal to my series
that's two packs enjoyed them hacks
ability as we got two packs one for the
hunt of the system one for the monocle
which is get over to 15k pack instead
and uh you ready are you ready to hear
the excitement that I get from the packs
well if he gets a little good thing just
open the 15k Demerara as I said in the
intro guys make sure you check out the
the original game over on Reeves channel
and make sure you subscribe where you're
over there Thank You Reed for the game
absolute make games how's that most
enjoyable game I've had in which to the
only so far I mean yeah I also hate you
a little bit but thank you anyway I know
yeah thank you guys watching make sure
you let me know what you want me to do
with the coins we have a booking and
suit
