sunshine lollipops and rainbows
welcome to the happiest drop this is
that I'm going to choose the plan that
looks for happiness but I'm going to
stay positive for one or try to gonna be
really difficult if I start losing but
here we go which one looks the most like
a smile that one technically because at
least has a curve I don't know if I want
to have five at the back like it so go
for it yay how's the design look happy
okay zemurray or Cassini oh the Murray
is showing more teeth although Coutinho
looks like he's just shat himself
DeMaria welcome aboard that is ag端ero
that 100% of where like he doesn't
definitely not tethers maybe but it
looks like he's trying to taste his lit
lack of there's a little bit happy but
it's like a you know like a six been
taking is like a seven o gueros like a
nine in happiness i'm not judging them
on sexual like sexual presence okay just
to clear this up these first three
unhappy it all rises a little bit but in
phineas the most in sydney yay to have
Eva Braga maturity
Careca even a real I mean Streetman you
have CP behind happy is there anybody
was tempting as small as anything that
like counted the smile a little bit
happy it's mean just like full unhappy
like Aguero is happy okay but oh no come
no Monty is happy birth cycle ooh very
happy oh so good Matt it yep yep yep 107
oh now that's is the happiest there
Coleman looks more like he's posing for
a picture than he actually is happy so
I'm gonna go with Bella Rin give me a
happy goalkeeper happy goalkeepers the
fun goalkeeper Michael Albert Elvis's
mouth to it down which to Michael I'm
honestly choosing the player that I
think looks happiest farmers Lera is yet
little era yeah layer even a close
second but that's that's a big grin oh
no one's really happy there sure who
cares I'm not gonna use them anyway none
of them are happy absol he's very stern
and so is he I'm gonna go in him just
cuz it looks like you just gotta go
why are we not getting that Ronaldo
Ibrahim pencil my zebra Benzema the
first three I mean ring is a little bit
happy but evil Benzema I think ebro's a
little bit happier nothing cuz it has a
higher ring I genuinely think like
Benzema looks a little bit drugs out of
his mind company prohibited in my team
or Marcelo is happy Jordi albums happy
now Marcelo is just a happy person II
Tina has got a second chance to redeem
himself yeah yeah
she this would have been perfect all of
a sudden is Pablo would have been six
Santa's a little bit having beans a
little bit happy but from story it's
still decent and it'll still fit the
team Oh
Cavani as well last thing to do is the
manager and you're a little bit happy
but you know you're very happy let's see
what we can do so we end 84 rated 94
chemistry monster of a tick this there
is actually a 16 look at a team if it's
decent I know we got him playing center
back where he was just the linkage and I
know you're thinking yeah Cavani zon but
we have an agrarian and Ebro to come on
I don't know how we're gonna play them
both I think I'm absolutely one of them
up front and take off this guy forever
as long as I'm positive we're gonna win
if not I'll put goofy string on myself
this guy's name is peaky blinders and
see look how happy went out of it we can
add for now though we didn't get a
chance to get him I'm just saying look
at happy years I mean I'm a struggle
because my defense is a little bit slow
alright here we go here we go
what um okay so what Kabbani know Cavani
really not happy Kalani I'm sorry for
how seniors go in there we're gonna put
ag端ero on the wing and we'll bring on
an e brinstead of Cavani because you
just messed up all oh oh yeah chuckle
big man like Ebro okay I'm very happy
right now very happy very very happy
come on then come on then come on then
come on then come on then oh dear
yes No how is he getting out of this how
does he not let golden yeah there you go
it's because I'm trying to walk it in
and I've walked it in that's not exactly
what I've done okay this is where I was
talking about is defensive you have a
great team buddy that's a you that's a
great finish buddy
sure you would be able to school without
that Ronaldo buddy but really looking
forward to that goofy string on my head
if I don't win this draft look at the
pressure we are playing we're putting
you under such pressure I don't know how
how okay and then both side picks up
boom there we go there - here we go
again team all Oh finesse
haha he knows what he's doing
trust me it's Ibrahimovic he knows
exactly what he's doing Go Go Ebro great
half that's great harp I mean he's had
one shot it was a phenomenal shot he's a
great player this guy okay I said I was
gonna be happy not lie oh I see a cheeky
hazard that he just brought on that was
no it was so close I feel like he's
changed with his older brother he's
suddenly a lot better oh he's gonna play
the crossing game now he's gonna play
the crossing day because he knows he's
got nothing else nothing else here we go
again
the glare oh the pace it's given the
foul that's at least yellow at least the
mo right no if you're marking it or not
here's mark day okay cool go on the line
no I do that Libra okay wait hit it put
it across
Bob no here we go here we go haha what's
a flick on and goal there we go it's
game over now oh no way is that just a
partner company yeah little bitch you
little bitch
I should probably place march in that I
should I should just I should just win
the game oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god up no 90
minute corner to him right now do not
don't do it don't do it look how many
players he got everyone up he's on ultra
attacking and he's keep keep
and keep our weight up against my keeper
also never oh my god he's come for it
he's come for it
holy shit why you think you were doing
that can we not do this we we please end
the game please yeah birth drown
baby's movie just go straight in don't
we will probably end up doing the same
with the team you know taking off Cavani
taking off that guy's well don't fix
what a crook that's what I always say
please bro please
I took oh wow a great team bro little
bit worried right now but still happy
hoping that he's absolutely awful to be
honest
Oh much a sucker must a sucker with the
pay's I should have really changed
players in that but he big he will block
everything when do we make the sub that
could potentially change the game there
you go there forget click on play ah
that's way too long way way way too long
day take a touch why was that such a
horrible touch I mean great touch it was
beautiful yet come shortner come sure
come short haha just kidding
Lowell Lowell look I hate that all my
days DeMaria with the pace see Maria
with the wide it okay even be the trick
of one's different
oh it's almost what we saw Matt okay I
think I think it's time rest you wanna
know no all my days okay okay we need we
need subs we need a sub Zinio Center and
then poor Rijo I'm sorry although even
didn't I mean II broke where I didn't
really get into his own that last game
it is done the matter thing right is I'm
pretty certain this guy's on defensive
go on come on do Maria please oh my god
oh my god why did I do that why does all
that is a ball and a half that is an
absolute ball to shoot know that he
hasn't come into his own Aziz I'm gonna
lie guys kind of struggling kind of kind
of badly struggling right now
I mean it's after we're not losing but
I'm you know struggling to get a chance
versus he apparently did he just bring
them a now Tokyo ag端ero is a monster
like it although he's not Scott always
into the we know can we actually can we
just coming up can we not please where's
my team why I'm just please for sure
okay well there's going to be a goal for
him in it whoa strong shopper oh okay
now there's this goal yep oh sure
Michael back
positive ibrahim or your mum is a lovely
woman how the fuck did you just get
through there and not oh oh
comma comma comma comma comma chameleon
Mertesacker slow but he's lost the ball
come on I'm making sound effect with
everything on my days I can't believe
I'm actually amazing you know like
potentially lose this game all right
it's not right now though Ronaldo just
seems to destroy me aim for Ebro please
Ebro that's naughty bro that's Marcelo a
short player I'm like okay we have our
final chance of the game
final chance of the game we're not
corner we'll take a corner in the 94th
minute this to win
Mertesacker oh it's so bye
surely all right extra time you know
what will bring Infineon and we'll play
ag端ero there this is going to be
horrible going back there sick touch and
for this oh there it is
oh come on it Oh in spin ye in sick eh I
don't I don't have anyone else with me
okay come on here we go first oh my days
that was fancy footwork where are you a
bra I mean good run I think it's time
rest thank you good good off you can
have some voice good a salty Maria is
finished it's finished
well better innocent Bella Rene finished
but he might be in a second only now we
finished it please please I've just
passed about two big
how am I meant to be happy right now
because that one shot you serious are
you serious are you serious I'm going to
lose
I've lost no no no no no no no if I
Marcella be his we're going to penalties
I'm about sprays silly string on my head
I don't do well with penalties
I don't do well oh that was awful
fallacy well I don't what is this glitch
what is what is the split great peg
great pair tight phenomenal pen would be
pretty sighs there you bitch he's
actually chips down right oh what a
bitch I'm dead I'm absolutely I'm
fucking awful is awful whether you are
now we go that we're diving where every
time great times great time I need to
save one now with the own living
why has he gone that way again well my
so bad at penalties great time great I
have to save it no no Oh absolute
bollocks
absolutely bollocks I'm not happy
anymore I'm not happy I'm not I'm not
freaking out here why would I be happy
now oh yay give me my prize bro you need
it oh yeah you can't wait for this oh
what's that
nothing they made more does not give you
pack so they're feeling there's no point
to it there's there's no point of these
packs yeah brilliant
like well what unloader shit that was
you know what only one thing left to do
it's wet why is this bit shouldn't be
where I'm physically dripping this isn't
meant to be wet it's meant to be silly
string I'm done I'm actually done
