let's go okay
there are these 50 K packs out I'm just
gonna okay we're gonna go you only got
40 seconds so I'm opening these these
are just you know these are I mean these
are just okay we're going in for them I
just skipped it as bad yeah these are
just the team of the midfield blah blah
blah ain't out yet so take an in-form
yeah I'm just opening these probably
only one more unless I don't get
anything I might be able to get one more
but that's flashes normal flash yeah you
know if it's a normal flash I'm probably
gonna skip it if it's lightning round
I'm hoping that it is it okay okay you
again okay I can only get one more and
then BOOM midfielders let's go I've
skipped it I've skipped it I probably
shouldn't have skipped it Andy Carroll
will take you okay lightning rounds
should be out mr. Kovacs okay okay I
thought those 55k pikes let's go team of
the year midfielders is out let's go
boys boom if it if it's a normal flat
I'm gonna skip okay that's the rule I
don't want anything except I want an
icon I want a team of the year we get de
Rossi nothing okay I don't think I have
anything that good in this club so I'm
actually just gonna skip it I don't
think I'm even gonna scroll to the end
of the pack come on icon or team of the
year is what I want that is all just
those okay we'll take an in-form
I mean we weren't taken Mrs or MS so me
yeah we weren't we won't actually take
informs I know that I know they're
technically good but I don't want
informs I want I've seen I've seen like
people are struggling to pack things
right now and I think probably looked
okay Oh
47 okay
flash ah I have got loads of other codes
but they're not here for some reason
Mustafi I'm sorry I'm not I'm not
bothering guys not willing to keep this
we're going for the top stuff
what for cave gone come on we get blue
oh the fast flash check
I just quit subject okay I am rich oh I
like your videos thank you very much and
Santiago she's there but could he play
with me on Xbox one
ah my name is aqua Meza I will check you
out I don't really play oh okay um I
don't I don't really play that many
people play that many games as you
probably know if you watch my videos you
probably tell okay
nothing how didn't Foster thank you very
much come on hurry up trying to get as
many as I can
I mean I'm gonna go 30k but we can only
get 30 more realistic with their packs
coins in form again I keep skipping
informs but I don't care because I'm
really I don't really want informs cuz I
don't if there are any good informs oh
let me know let me know the chat are
they good informs Jason flowers thank
you very much
bring me luck Jason nope sorry Jason he
tried he tried you tried to bring me
luck
we've got we get what I'm in sure it's
bloody fantastic
that's bloody fantastic
come on I don't get how you can spend
50k and yeah that okay
sorry mate son zone open a pack for me
my man okay this is once four sons own
son zone bring me luck son zone this was
for you
argent duty under centre-back so good
effort good great effort but it was a
massage yeah yeah she ranch
Pandi as well thank you very much for
the donation sending dandy dandy new
sponsor thank you very much come on give
me an icon or sup an informer ken
Santiago issues there but rhinos pack a
cow doing those back come on let me game
dude we get do put koala no nose back
this is a Santiago Rhino man Olivia
video so Avenue to get Team of the Year
okay yeah
astronaut TM things are keeping me up
late night every night fam so why
something soon I don't know why Zoe I'm
sorry Oh far man
okay thank you very much astronaut
Bobby Rowland's thank you very much as
well I am retro let me get Team of the
Year
Schmitt star one two three come on
please shower channel please Schmitt
star one two three and once you come out
I'm stuffy fuck off
Jack Gibbs thank you for the new sponsor
Eunice Ahmed I took a picture with you
other Wembley Cup Thanks you're very
welcome thank you for coming you say hi
actually see thank you the new sponsor
come on boys
we need to get at least an icon like an
icon I'll sit here and be happy with
Annie wishing you the best of luck Simon
much love from California
okay we have 32,000 people watching me
right now
32,000 people and we
I'm checking if my codes have come
through because if they have okay if
they've come through then I have plenty
and signe sorry yes yes yes they have k7
Chris hey Simon can you do a dick pack
Vic open the pack Vic actually not here
right now he's literally just gone out
so I can't but thank you very much
Joseph qanats up if you say my name
right I will send more Joseph cannot sir
is that right Nasri no he's still about
still cut shapes good luck on my bday
happy birthday Nathan this will see you
this pack this pack Nathan please Nathan
Nathan Glick that's gonna be clicking it
hundreds in click was it it was click
Santiago Sarah what are you doing a
meeting greeting nothingham um I who
knows
Rachel Chris new spots thank you very
much I have no idea when I'm next guys
are Nottingham
please inform us is there even a good
inform out right out Spanish it's gonna
be quite a whatever his name is again
exits here sorry mate I've already got
them made out they don't sell for much
at all
24,000 still 24,000 still left and we
get this flash every time but we're not
getting anything we're open it oh
speaking to Harry about this the other
day and we were saying like the only
players that you want that aren't seemly
of right now are probably like Neymar is
Neymar Neymar someone else I think
that's about it his bare limit even Vail
name was like top top top player we
haven't good I mean to be fair Coulibaly
86 rate you know what that one is that
one's still a good pack I'm happy with
that one the others they don't get any
of the others like oh yeah Samir Samir
nazar Lee the next five packs will be
good to you well that was one of them
Nicholas Graupner hi Simon you're great
you too but we've changed your hair into
blue if you put a team of the year you
know you want to
well maybe click again Matt Joseph comet
sir muscles off Simon I said it right
thing bad drew do a pack for me okay Oh
SP I'll take him actually just in case I
need him for a team okay Alex Castro
thank you very much this pack is for you
but you said the next five would be good
for me a second ago
no you Alex but this is pack three we've
got I mean we've got two informs Spanish
exits here yeah
name is Kevin Novak hi Simon hope you
get Renaldo Oh answer Senor okay yeah
yeah I actually hope I don't get Ranaut
oh right now cuz I'd be kind of angry
cause he was in yesterday huh Santa goes
to Z bar use hashtag do you not do it
for the luck on the backs do you not do
way is this toda will you babies
what's your views on item Forrest
beating Arsenal of your videos bro even
though I'm older than you
Lowell I mean there's nothing wrong with
that is that everyone's got to be older
than someone we also get Lauren hey
Simon Livia videos and I give you some
good luck also please for more videos
Atari I tries a hard cookie to get a
hold of my opinions are Nottingham
Forest I'm kind of happy I'm not gonna
lie
seeing Arsenal fans be upset is one of
the highlights of my life
and I know that's a horrible thing to
say but I mean the heart wants what the
heart wants
realistically doesn't it I am richer
than extract you open this for me I am
retro no that one's now under the couch
that is not for you I need to get a good
a better paper than that we have hit
forty forty thousand people are watching
right now EA if you're watching me right
now just hook your boy up just whack me
a little k BB whack me a little whack me
a little k BB well you know even a
little more tricks on the side just to
slip just slip one in I know you're
watching I'll take him
take any others I know someone at EA is
watching right now sister of 72 when are
you going to do into the P o box opening
in my letter no rush just asking it I
don't know I normally do it in vlogs
come on please
boys I'm running out of money I think I
starred with like 50k or something like
5 cow you can get lost she
absolutely awful haircut no Vicks that
way now come on give me a little give me
no qdb at least give me like an icon
they don't there need you know they can
just throw an icon awake on there I've
got Williams on Santiago she's thereby
doing mini diss track on someone to get
luck on packs no I was I was trying to
think of something but none and I'm not
throwing shots anymore
those days are past me please please
14,000 left
what is this I don't know like I mean I
mean I don't expect that much I mean
awesome n DS why I'm starting to get rid
of him I don't expect much I'm not gonna
like a donut I'm not sitting here
thinking you know what I deserve a team
of the year so but I deserve something
like good I deserve something really
good I've got one Coulibaly and s about
it Albert
eg Lawson hey what do you think about
the new Eminem album I really like it I
know it's not exactly gone down very
well but I would like it I am rich oh
don't you got Ronaldo yeah of course he
did Fahim bad group shout me out the sup
sup beam oh my god this is mad this is
actually there's actually mad right now
I can hit our doorbell going off
I can just hear JJ panicking right now
he's like it's not working why won't it
stop
I have something William Beveridge
surprised at that after we beat need
seven to a few years ago but still yeah
a few years ago instead of living and
passed my time a lead fan and I'm
telling you to stop mooning the boss
Ryan Finley when you come up to Ireland
where's that
I'll probably get at some point
someone's got ma judge in the chat come
on boys boys we have to believe s DMM be
used to all-stars football we don't know
you know no cuz of the last one the the
fans running on the pitch didn't really
help our case so
come on I beg I'll beg just Tony hates
Jay you think Leeds will go to the prom
with Wolves etc probably not or not this
season we will soon soon give us time
come on boys come on I just got him a
shout I know but I'm not going for that
I'm going for blues Jack Gibbs have a
plan of visiting all 72 if your clubs I
have actually thought about it and then
I thought you know what as a hell of a
lot a lot of stuff to do a lot of
traveling a lot of a lot of things going
inform please just be coulibaly like the
second okay or another eighty-six red
Brahimi okay hey Frank I'll see you
thank you very much even off four eight
six seven thank you very much to meet
you sir erroneous thank you very much
all right we're going into coins I could
add some more points
Armani cherry eight hey watch your mum
thanks so I want to say I wanna say this
to you good luck on your packs I love
your videos thank you very much thank
you team of the year is always hard to
pack I didn't really expect to to get a
team a year right now like I kind
I kind of thought you know what I should
get one today based on how much I um
spending slash plan to spend
chipler new lobby videos thank you very
much
Liam she took opinions on the episode
she shut up don't know I don't want to
talk about such beating leads no one's
talked about that Santi about goes to
get one of the salmon for like um packs
I mean I think Jill issues where he's
trying out to the door
DC McKinney 14 will be against PAX East
I don't know I have been to like the
last couple but I don't know the short
girl bits I'm gonna treat you an apology
when the streams over you don't need to
apologize
Albert eg Lawson copyright music on I
mean I I hope I'm talking enough that
it's covering anyway yeah I am rich I do
a DAB there you go really oh no no no I
don't mean to do that
wait bang yeah anyway the black man how
are your thoughts on kdb being public
vote I mean that he is incredible let's
be honest he is incredible Ryan Finley
will you ever bring that Garry's Mod
guess who it's not down to me trust me
I'll play it it ain't me babe a drew a
mini mentor your mum you know what you
you're your da you da come on
come on please please please please
please please I'm trying to decide how
to do this basically guys whether I do i
that i think that in 45 minutes there's
probably gonna be like 100k packs or
something cuz there's 50k packs now do
why I might have to stop this stream and
then start another stream like I have to
go get more points and stuff
then I'll go I'll be back basically 400k
packs I mean would that work or would
you guys want me to just record it and
edit it it's up to you it's up to you
guys you guys can either decide but now
I don't matter use report to go with
your opinion on Kendrick very good but
everyone claims is like the best ever
and I'm I'm not that into a Birgitte
Deshmukh nice I'm gonna be that much
love from India thank you very much
ninja sauce legend has it if you do the
floss you'll get Ronaldo I don't want
Ronaldo but I mean I do it still I guess
she playing you cool JJ
thank you very much for playing you but
I'm it they're all busy guys everyone
else is busy okay why when are you gonna
do another people board game where knee
to the floor
Renaldo that's not without it you lied
to me
you made me just do the floss but
nothing you made me it's called the
swish swish as well damn it I'm such a
loser Simon give us a wave
yeah what do you guys what do you guys
think do you think I come back for a
hunch Cades if there are any case please
please please guys come on don't come
back for hunch case I'm about to round
point I'm about to run out of coins as
well I mean there's to be fair I mean by
that three more Joshua Keegan McGuigan
ranges or Celtic know probably nah so no
ranges okay oh you know what guys I'm
gonna do a poll on Twitter I mean I
really got two more packs this is
ridiculous I'm actually so hangry right
out yet inform Italian striker 386 rate
strikers do you think makes you make a
football Channel
hell no alibi as well okay okay yeah
guys I'm gonna do a thing that's it I
think I'm out boys I'm out
Michelle Olson packed in the it came
yesterday and 100k packets lying around
yeah so okay guys I think I'm sorry this
has been a very short stream it's only
20 minutes I apologize but I might have
to end it there and I'll come back in
about 40 minutes
to do I said where let me just open this
pack just why not hey I'll come back and
do the 100k packs if there are hundred K
packs
yeah with that I mean I'll be back very
soon guys but yeah don't go anywhere
don't go anywhere
cred settle one for three a pack
dedicates it for Norway question mark I
don't have any other packs now I feel
bad though George Morris thank very much
as well um yeah guys that has they've
gone now 40 minutes I am Andy there but
thank you all for watching this one I'll
be back in 40 minutes to do hunch k-pax
cuz there should be hundreds and then I
might do another one after that and do
125 k-pax this is gonna cost me a lot
money fuck anyway yeah
hey guys watching Thank You bin power
for the donation as well make sure you
guys turn alerts on whatever word check
Twitter
I'll be back to do hunch capac lightning
rounds and I'll have much more points
don't worry yeah
see you in a bit guys
silence
