no God was going on and welcome to
another video we are doing a top kick
challenge against jovial around hodizzle
Tobit with Toby we're playing Toby if
you guys somehow don't know what tops
kick is by now I've explained it many
many many times top kick is like a
panini sticker put on a panini now mixed
in with fans football so you open cards
on your iPhone and on that and you use
these cards to build a team at get
points based on real-life event so you
open a pack on your phone you get Luke a
kulookakoo scores ago you get points in
your team now I'm talking about this
good question extremely handsome man
they're doing a competition right now
where if you go on to the app here you
can see this you click contest you can
see the third one down is called road to
glory it starts in two days which
probably is like a day a little bit slow
with uploads but you click that and that
puts you into this competition where
basically you can win prizes based on
how you do in this but it is only
Premier League or a German fans and
Spanish bands and French fans so if you
join as well you get 10 free packs for
seven days so you go you know all of
these so as you can see the cards you
collect score points in real time so I'm
going to join this there we go join I
said I'm playing against Toby how does
this work we're both opening one of
these PL base pack Premier League base
pack Plus interesting kitchen thing I
know appeal and get 12 cards we are
allowed to use only those twelve cards
to build a team and play against each
other now I know you're probably
thinking this is you know pre-recorded
this so educate no my phone is down here
I have an extremely short wire oh okay
here we go see your new animation I mean
we want we want someone good don't we
realistically we get Stephen Ward okay I
get 12 players he's not playing James
MacArthur okay we got a goalkeeper how
do ya Kokiri I'm happy Aaron Ramsey yes
I need to charge my phone stop looking
at that Jason puncheon Chris Smalling
one of the best defenders in the league
on FIFA just saying adding on FIFA I'm
not saying he's actually one of the best
in the league okay before you City
sounds Chelsea fans also found
everything just stop and a halt and then
Davey selarón that's it that's our team
anyways on to FIFA
so there's the team we have gone for the
4-3-3 pot three ratings 76 for starboard
ass because of this beautiful bronze
bench 91 chemistry there is Gareth Barry
I told you he will not play we have a
left back of the left wing I'll write
mid on the right wing and a cam as a
striker the rest of the team sorted I
know Tony is very good so let's go into
a game against Toby job cut hello mr.
Simon I love a ello
you got you got some good players though
yeah come crosstalk cuz I some punching
above my weight here sorry it's been a
while you got the better players B also
got the worst players I know what Toby
good luck I good luck bro I am already
attacking so well so am i okay no I know
no oh no oh look oh my god
hmm I know he's my friend why did I do
that oh oh no boy that is why I play him
in between the sticks I actually got two
goalkeepers
usually you have got Wayne Hennessey as
well Oh No haha hey Zeus or the posi
Zeus oh my god nice nothing is too good
it's holding is too good example one I
learned that from you break you ha no
injury wait no that's your worst player
then omit or do it who is that the man
the myth the legend you know Jeff entry
or no punchin oh oh shoot Huddleston has
tricked me
sure listen be serious he ever good left
foot but not accurate and then run you
watch that man oh no Shaqiri make run if
Johnstone's catches him okay
yeah how much cream is on this shirt
there you go they go scary what-whatever
she carries no not those 45 minutes
dammit dominating in this game slamming
dominating the tackles I'm going all
tracking come on here we go Ultra
attacking oh no I would have I would
have applauded you why did I've in
before but often just saying oh no I
don't need this term I'll actually carry
not again not again
not today how those puddles oh no oh
thank you go sorry yeah sorry
yep why didn't he throw it go too much
grace
Oh take the J key part of him I don't
know that shot really was oh come on
star why you threw in one good one good
play good play good play oh oh
Shakuni anything oh no I'm not terrible
dying
damn betcha Gary come on you block
everything man you won't stop that last
little part
don't worry powers this is why we play
Oh
aah itíll brought you a visual wait no
no draw it doesn't end until 30 more
minutes mate I thought it was others
just then there's a draw check that our
number don't you get that Carol you
later
quit talking numbers although there's so
many players in it this is what happens
when you go jogging
oh honey I scale it punches through oh
you know I just believe you spin results
don't make it better what
no doubt why did you do that oh you
wanna interrupt and I felt like it was a
bit you know sort no no don't give me
that don't give me that I don't want
your sympathy feel like penalties is
coming you wanna mix up so wonderful
Gareth
Jory he has the biggest jewel not like
this not like this why you do not
material why did it not my theory Henry
how does the minister know they're
posting what I call it people ah believe
in your blood our people oh yeah no
yeah there's no plan I'm a counterattack
kind of guy I want them to say that
counters that you know who was that shut
your ex you slag oh no no I am on ultra
attacking all that all that it was all
lanes you let maulings really lock me
down right now why did he lose they're
gone now seven yeah Toby when when
sevens dad comes through for you
most people go to mount a match so I
caught man a match so you got minute
that was really to really want bro man
of the match why well no I joined right
in with Hendrix a Ramsey got eight point
seven revenue at Ramsey got eight point
seven main 24 me go Hendra got seven
point eight to me well this is all
alight well this game is broken this
after that is all for the tops kicked
challenge as I said you can check out
everything in the description and make
sure you check out the competition
they're running and as always subscribe
to Toby go check his channel out as well
in the description thank you guys for
watching thanks Oakland thanks ever make
not basics beginning and see
