don't love them welcome to another row
5050 challenge today I am joined with
Ethan gallo even damn todav√≠a is 2017
bro yeah keep it alive whoo we just
don't know how this works we're on the
subreddit 50/50 where you get two
options are going to thinking in terms
to guess which one it is normally it's
like a Nazi for work and it's safe for
work version I'm going to take it in
terms and as you are the get yamp them
going to choose first now you have to
choose between Lillian Parker which is
not safe or like an underground or badly
broken ankle I got a theory
okay what side you click link is your
theory so I reckon AB and E broken egg
cook no gonna click that time okay I'm
gonna cut out shit oh it's red I'm
Regine this bro the people places of
work like what the video game don't be
cheap I'm a shepherd goodbye ramp see my
theory on this is they love doing
something that sounds horrible but then
they choose yeah actually actually you
know what these theories don't make
sense this apparently is random so we
could actually get different one really
so I'm gonna go with dog feed sheep okay
Shepherd goodbye Ramsay Gordon yeah yeah
all right quick
yeah secret life of dog just a springer
spaniel okay so that's one now when we
go on to the third one it's your turn
again
this one's not horrible keep drowning in
near boiling bloody water I don't that
exact I know that that's a bit that's
slow slow grim or cute piglets play cute
piglets play it I hope it is positivity
right here we go what the fuck Richard
are you that 70 show Celso gif and I
guess Rob's my favorite case I'm
thinking of as love it's foul right yeah
I like that positivity see if it does
any of it have you ever watched a
different t-shirt no they had Ashton
Kutcher Mila Kunis oh really
okay so I'm gonna go with that I think
in current I'm gonna kill oh no oh my
god note the link oh my god oh my god I
forgot look at the top 360 noscope
Brooke to the head oh my god laughing
it's Albert it's the title of the gift
that got me I'm sorry motorcycle stunts
success or stunt fail no it's a great
success you guys grapes looks live okay
sorry so one gypsy did you get you dear
well no excess of oil successful bail
well different crops everyone actual
crops available no you look point you
having a great time but if you dab that
amazing honestly gonna get back on is
you're gonna get back on please get back
on please brother you've done so well no
no no but something oh that's great
except I thought three food
what we don't know how it ended I think
that's as I had club I can't except I've
done that's what all a puppy going after
it's late or open colorectal surgery
don't know what I'm doing is poppy oh
yeah you got a point man who is the cute
one awesome paper stop-motion bull or
wet poopoo Taurus Cosby the monkey
cricket boot stop-motion I want to see a
monkey flinging wet PG tourists there's
kind of sick about done who have made
the face-planting woman Carol is very
very good or how to properly cook fried
spiders I hope it's the face I don't
know which one here is like the nice or
the badge I don't get it I just wanted
to do face well go for it yeah I don't
know I'm celebrate you I've lost oh yeah
fresh scorpion as well grow hard broke
loose - don't stop we're laughing at
women herself the sounds of the frozen
ocean or from a grizzly bear gets hit by
18-wheeler that's that's an ugly side
I'm gonna go with grizzly beggars here
okay let's see I'm just a claimant
issues I breed positivity anyone anyone
got a boy who was very here beautiful
marshmallow flowers blooming and hot
chocolate woman shows off her disgusting
he it's working okay sounds like a
really bad like title of the video I
feel like I've seen the first option
okay I'm clicking marshmallow hello
dirty ivy that's my JJ didn't I bet
they're hilarious comic strip about
pencils fighting or what happens when
you get your hair caught in a thresher
okay it is negative now then what the
fuck that was gross fuck man that was so
gross
you can vacuum you know what just cause
you're wasn't nice I'm gonna go with the
cute cat okay I'm gonna be nothing like
gonna flick of the wrist little you know
I tell you she did a radio cuz she did
shit herself she actually did pretty
major like get it back exactly she shit
on the hotel and then got rid of it
alright do you think there's gonna be an
awesome performance or let it go or
badly frostbitten hand going back to my
way strop in hand baby alright yeah oh
wow I don't know what that I don't know
start that you got all right I'll see
these are the type videos of like our
college in but okay yeah yeah that
catches the pigeon but then gets run
over by a car
like I don't believe but not sick what
question mark I don't know and then a
kitten in a but I'm I'm going back to my
ways I'm going kitten in the bathtub
yeah I clicked it oh my god Jane I did
the peaches okay that's wise not that's
why I was a question oh oh I was like
acting like we're kind of like spaz doll
girl in Borat's ensue or old man
important boy at sea here's another baby
okay let's see I swear to god no I'm not
here skies never played a 50/50 shit
I don't know how to point to kittens
wrestling embarrass gal projectile
nosebleed what you picking I've always
stuck with the nice one but you know
what this time I'm going to go for the
nosebleed Tommy you tell brother Wow in
the ring I don't know if this classes as
wrestling the little cat sleeping on
girls lap or elephant but us closer
fuck yeah little by little I wore blue
my significant other would you say oh
when your wife gives birth bro if it
looks like an elephant than yes and
climbs high-voltage power lines or Gary
the goat goes for a swim I'm going to go
for the man climbs high voltage Gary the
guy's got you to caliber good dungeon
scene two gardens as well you've got a
big channel we've got a lifeguard to
show I know but as I don't you start
like you start drowning a little bit and
they just go I'll send in the line
hahaha
is this good goat on you as it is
currently three land we've had the same
amount it goes we're going to go into
sudden death so it's like the penalty
shoot us if you get it right and I get
it wrong yeah it's over Scott
cat few snow for the first time or
spider crawls out of girls ourselves at
least a third time is he gonna score top
in this could be the comeback of a
lifetime could be top in down at the top
right called out penalty so I mean so
happy at that's right yeah glad ya know
get used to argue with military veteran
or performance art Ismail just going to
the grounds which one you go for not be
true as well have a blind man know it
lives who says warning yeah obviously I
can't show that you shouldn't know that
I just got a straight John Terry slip
into the post Ethan is the winner of
this week's fifty-fifty
Bobbo otherwise guys make sure you check
out even channel in the description and
subscribe while you're over there Thank
You Ethan for playing thank you guys for
watching and see ya
