the day has finally come to qualify or
for chef I have 8 remaining today
although this expires in six hours I
have a day or two to qualify for the
weekend Liga this is going to be my only
attempt on camera if I don't make it I
will try and do it off camera and I'll
let you know on Twitter if I make it if
I do make it I will be live streaming on
YouTube money games a day Saturday
Sunday ah it's going to be the horrible
experience right now but hopefully I
have four games for you right now the
top comment today was this bad boy which
is basically a very long list of how
pack should work from now on
you also told me to sell all my players
that I don't use I sold all the players
that were rare I still have all the non
res and we have 100k you guys can let me
know on this ad vote who you want me to
buy but now let's qualify right so you
haven't - please send mid today I don't
know if this is you know we'll play you
actually will play that way around rush
woods tired and the Staffies tired drink
lost I can't leave into continuous sides
it's okay well assignment but we got to
do just qualified well hopefully with
the amount of packs we get today oh my
god I've just realized I've actually a
fucking 16 that's like what we hope to
be must do this come on where's he
where's he gone where's where's his
midfield boat no no pause that pot back
wait hunter wait positive fine that was
so I could I had so much thought white
no no no no no no no no no no no no no I
don't want him to quit because I can
beat you okay this is obese course I'm
bored bored now school what's up spot
was that hunter something is mad mad mad
fleming and then takes up a bank what is
wrong with you today hunter I need you
to be on top form if we're going to
actually qualify for this I'm some subs
are gone please you have to school this
you need to school this smacks you
across bank there we go there's one
stuff special take seems like a awful
lot but a thousand Li you kid like it if
ever there's been a chance to get a
couple gold it's this right now is this
happy out here isn't there we go I
didn't even speak English okay is
another one there's another one plus it
into a cake notes auntie static play it
all the way across please pop it across
oh how hunter was there man I want to
get a hunter hatchery Plains like all
the work that I do that and I say why am
i doing that
while I've done that then I feel bad
this guy's so bad it's unreal and yeah
I'm actually like struggling like they
realize the fact I have to rely on that
for school I'm just excited to open my
pack use my - come on hunter hunter -
bit country - bitch okay I mean it was
decent he didn't get the assist we got
the assistant the assist which is in our
pack but it's still still good place ah
who cares those shootings do the things
do the message having Matt why what am i
doing I you know what am I just I'll
just show you the guys the goals of this
game oh there we go
there's another one ah boom that was
awful gone to porn you deserve a gold
I'm really one of those guys to quit you
know what hunter they go
I'm just getting Khan for his gold and
hunting it is this for a trick is that
for a hard trick I did get in and did he
get finally ten out of ten man of the
match Alex hunter 3 goes to where he's
loose like that's too many goals eight
Neal eight Neal
we're going straight to the next night I
know we need to do packs but I'm going
to do them at the end because I just
want to get this done I want to just win
mix up the team a little bit here we go
as I said to you guys I'm hoping that I
bring you four games today a lot reminds
me still 100 chem I hope that it's four
games but obviously if I lose it's not
wow wow wow wow I'm losing I'm losing in
the second game he's on defense isn't he
he's on full on defense he's on full on
defensive oh my god Danny dad you got it
ready
oh how how is he just on that how is he
how is he go out of this Oh can we just
stop I'm close but I don't I don't know
what's going on right now right here we
go here we go plus it wait takes touch
oh that's it what the fuck toss it take
off
you know what can take can we need that
what's Ksenia win that win that win that
there you go
turn your briefs don't you don't feel it
this is where school lets go
go on touch he's ooh red how am I on the
floor
you just stand tough it's a cold yeah
it's one of those games I'm not I've
lost I don't deserve to be losing action
yet Ksenia Katina Eric's gone six touch
in and you know what bang across take a
corner yeah impossible
how am I losing to nil to this guy it's
all good canceling freaking hit that
player if he didn't oh my God look at
that I mean we have to win so we go
attacking now and then we hope that we
can get one back I don't know if I'm
more depressing now or when I almost got
promoted hunter that's a police you know
what to finesse it oh my god yes yes yes
yes please loose
what the fuck wait what the fuck
connections has been lost any name and
count I mean I was losing so I'm
actually going to take that as a good
thing going again we got our other
players but he's at de bruyne back with
blowing rash words took this game is a
lot easier ah please
I thought we might even easier than that
last game but I feel like this might be
even harder I need to figure out what
I'm up against here questionable playing
where absolute ass right now
whoa what's that what is this summation
you have no one in the box wise why does
no one in the box chuckles look how many
people can I get from that why do I not
have anyone up there at night and then
yeah and then for this you took so long
rational in splinter and and alright
come on we can do this we can do this
hold on well hold on and I'll get your
bid be pretty prepared appeal oh my ok
rushes
record boom what so far oh no no okay
that didn't really go how I wanted I
didn't know that ball was gonna make it
through I'm sorry okay go on go I'm
static static boom boom didn't expire go
into now one more goal and I need one
more cuz I'm not safe right now that's
to me a lot low oh no oh no the the
oh okay if he it's good that I genuinely
think I woulda lost and he scored anyway
to the mob what some fuckin why doesn't
he look on oh okay cause I'm coming and
Fleming and smashing oh right we're
getting lucky right now guys but he
needs he needs another girl so he has to
attack I don't have to but I'm choosing
to it's a manly move - Brian - Brian one
rep then oh another goal somehow I'll
take it right hunter Gump us in touch
boom there's another goal for one
Shirley game over now that's a hunter
assist by the way this one goes to does
LARM again turns back out pauses it in
and then Oh someone's over anything
there right guys I think we are safe in
this game but hunter I mean we can get
another Wow okay got one back wisely yes
yes how is that so simple like LeFleur
I'm still a bit suspects value but well
good game guys good game we want we're
into the third round man in the magic
Ken and two goals and an assist I'm just
gonna lose count already up 214 K right
into the semi-finals you know what guys
we're just going to go for the squad
training item which is gonna get
everyone fit but screw it we're doing it
we're sticking with this team here we go
go we've got a legend on loan if I make
it through this round a big the guy in
the final is just awesome I was gonna
say Shrike just win wins this game
please please no I've already lost
before legend was going to hurt me just
need to keep petty out the game that's
all I need and he's back in alright Oh
keep him out the frickin game please
select the two systems
alright compositing buzzing gone again
and boom there we go one new one it's
hunter again Oh Kenny come on since
we're doing well we're doing well he
seems to have a deadly attack but I'm
not quite sure about his defending ah
he's just a runner and he he's got redic
yeah girls don't like that I don't like
his pace no no no no no he just went
around the ball
yeah levy yes he's got a chance now yeah
okay no he doesn't he doesn't for just a
minute
boom boom boom turn in and back out refs
will play on will play on because it's
the 45th minute
it's the 45th Nek minnit no I need
another goal I'm not comfortable with
one Neil it was let's go wow this this
is why I was nervous when he scored
again scored again look why you not
coming out what what don't know why
hunters out here that's why didn't one
time out there and he's just got rid of
the ball yeah what the fuck what the
fuck what the are you serious okay and
my goalkeeper has decided to turn all
the way around isn't it luckily Thank
You small of small off small of schmuck
so I don't think this morning could have
been worse place okay okay okay come on
that's all right so you're left footed I
can use the balls boom just start so
we're back in alright now we go back to
normal and we just try and win the game
if I win that to my player okay you get
one more chance you get one more chance
toss it and then no oh if I could last
advance oh that would have been it I
could have something tomorrow tomorrow
you lose ah extra time we never do this
in this series we are making a sub
because people are tired I just don't
want to bring any of these people on
we've made a mistake pellerin can come
on and calm it by not bad mistake
because my immediate us are dead
touching all right and then bang
let's look all chanting God's play
normal Simon and if you can foul him
just take the PAL now this is fat no
okay that's fine oh I fluffed it I
fluffed up guys guys I've really messed
up okay he messed up more okay we just
need to get the hot 15 more minutes and
went into the final buzzer back
no five minutes left
boom why has it gone there all I had to
do is just go to the okay how is he how
is he getting away with this how's he
getting away with this we need an
offside call we need it no no real
injustice minute and I always lose I'm
gonna leave we're going to depend on
these guys and I always lose on
penalties so it's over that is the dream
done does even when I guess the right
way I never save it what the part is
taken the whatchamacallit that's not
where I went this game goes what I do
guys please miss even if I have to score
no please save that one too I'd look I
can't win penalty shootout yep yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
fan-fucking-tastic
misses
this is just phenomenal and s.vs is just
phenomenal
I save that one I have to score this so
I have to score this site intimate right
there any schools he wins GG mate gg gg
your mom isn't that mean I have to go
play this whole fucking thing again of
Canberra hunter zolomon on the match you
got a goal it got two assists I'm just
going to go to see what special Paxton
are I know we'll just open these until
something happens we're not going to get
anything today anyway so Dani ings I
will keep contracts and fitness and that
is all I'm good I'm not going to get
anything max grade with a boy
we'll keep yeah we'll keep all this
stuff we're just trying to collect coin
so you guys can tell me what to do
because we need something like we need a
six-layer okay we finally got we've got
4,000 coins I mean that's what we want I
don't know how many packs I should have
open but I got like I had to give the
first one a : second one in the third us
you know that's effectively like six or
seven plus all the other goals I scored
so yeah I'm just going to open them all
please come on we just won okay that's
all right and that's all right I have to
go play this off-camera now I know I
could do it on camera I don't know if
I'm going to get through it the whole
time first time how do we not get
anything good six finer eight three
right we got three more which works
perfectly with our fee four points for
today and then we'll open like one oh
that's a bigger flare 85 picks for other
pitch two more of these plus one we'll
just do this one first just because you
know we want to end on a 25k pack we
don't end on that this is never going to
go well this one so two more 25k and
that is awful and what are we going to
get next we have one more 25k per and we
end on that petrol actually petrol it
could be decent well welds 145 thousand
coins guys so you guys can let me know I
will go do those games off-camera and I
will see you guys for the livestream
saying guys watch in and poop
