male guard losses are are you doing
anyway spare losses you kind of catch up
but uh yeah anyway so I don't hear guys
questions and bar a few barbecue
barbecue Psalm stretched out met a lot
of them were terrible so I'm a might ask
for some get it I'm well might from DLL
and stretch but anyway carrying on sorry
to pester you guys but as I have
mentioned in previous videos we are
doing the charity football match you can
check outside NFC calm anyways I am uh
start now mustard mando so I didn't know
didn't have was in the household Amanda
on a scale of one to disgusting how
untidy is your room right now
I mean let me show you look that mate
it's tidy over here yeah oh look the
tables gone that's what I thought my
room siding sucky couch is you know how
I only move if I'm tidy excited ok type
you make your elbows yeah I mean they're
right so there's one this from the left
they're really red right now this was
really bad what's then you'll continue
watching on Netflix right so obviously
you want to know what's on my Netflix
continue watching so you want to know
what I'm watching we've got this film is
freaking awful that's why I stopped
watching this hence why I'm gonna need
like two minutes in Fresh Prince come on
come on Susie I look like Will Smith
that's why I watched my brother man
let's ignore that one and let's also
ignore that it's not that I mean now
it's kind of dead Death Note I'm trying
to watch for everyone what's your
wondering about it um yeah orphan black
that's the one that is the best of that
oh wait for slit ha ha ha ha look can we
I I know that what there's nothing good
what would be the first thing you would
do if you woke up in a foreign country
and nobody could understand you leave
then you stand on your head and drink
water at the same time for George I can
do this water I did it laughing is
giving yourself a high five or something
someone else did mind blow carrots were
originally purple humans share 50% of
their DNA with bananas how if you put
your finger in your ear and scratch it
sounds just like pac-man a pig's orgasm
can last for 30 minutes my whole life is
going to lie there's only one hole in a
straw
how you can't hum while holding your
nose what when you ever stop uploading
daily I mean I'm already not uploading
every single day but I will obviously
slow down a little bit you know
something happens you know I got my get
assaulted you know mighty sound peppers
to be fair I won't be uploading every
single day my second channel seems to be
every day but my main channel I miss one
or two days a week it'll keep going that
way any cringy songs you love jamming to
but is really annoying / cheesy I've
seen a lot of people on YouTube do to
try not to sing challenge what I love
the bollocks
I'm going to now do it okay so gypsy has
chosen three songs I'm going to try not
to sing or dance or hum or anything by
someone here we go
honto no you ready for this I'm good
with this one nah I'm good bro
you can keep at it I'm good when I was
there I tell us the one thing you like
about yourself the most money base I
mean I got some pretty dumb earlobes
I've been told everyone seems to love my
feet but they're like the devil when
will you get big
I mean he does get bigger the one
session I don't know why you would think
I would come back to me here and on
d-day I mean I'm pretty sure you another
way yeah no it's all I can stop looking
no back off like Elizabeth there we go
yeah and they mean it's a blowjob ah did
you do you expect this is a little try
reenact a love scene from a movie
between you and you're talking speaker
when I come back never let go play
yeah well the great catch off and paid
us or what's enough over the Q&A if you
want to see more make sure you leave a
like and remember subscribe to many
mental hospital for busting odious my
life and my lover the test touch my
whistle here enough to have seen
ominously bill because it
