hey guys and welcome to another draft
I'm doing another job today and that
obviously I'm doing smoosh drops that
was too obvious there's nothing I can do
to my parents to make me slow I mean
that's just set myself up all kind of
slow looking jokes is there but there's
nothing angel I can't put on a beard or
hair or fat or whatever because I'm slow
I did it again anyways that was the top
comment on the last draft so if you want
to keep commenting on this what you want
me to do is the next draft let me know
if there's any videos you'll need to do
in general let me know I'm doing the
slowest draft so the player with the
slowest staff as in the lowest paced at
I don't know what formation I'm going to
go with let's go over the most boring
one 4-4-2 flat I don't know why you guys
told me to do the slowest one
realistically I struggle to win as it is
I mean there's a good Suarez take the
earth so come on Oh No
48 he's not playing I'd rather have no
one Didier I'm gonna get all the old
players I could have had a mellow Andy
with a linked but we have to go a Yao
Moria Matt Mario yeah Mario shrine
spiders are a little easy link I take
any links I can right now
I'm your Louise Luna I will get the moon
boy Luna why John Kerry Martinez BPL ppl
done go keep what they have that they
have a speed set as well sixty to sixty
sixty fifty cell no this isn't even
gonna be the right positions now it's
just no I'm just gonna get sent emits
and sent it back some nice 35 so it's as
bad as John Terry okay Lauren there's no
way I can get a Robin or like a Cuttino
because it's always said the middle send
it back you get one frickin center mid
and he has yes okay we got all striker
take a shame long he's not the best I
will happily take him because he links
okay f√†bregas action no no how could
you check attitude check do you I'm
genuinely screwed right now we get
another striker oh no we don't calm down
some okay cork well done make I can't
even change my formation bike this is
this is genuinely painful right now well
guys I've put Jabby Alonso there and
left MIT and my only real sub is I'm
gonna bring on check and release I mean
I'm struggling to win as it is and now
you guys are actually giving me a heart
attack
you also said to choose the manager who
looks the swaggiest so gone the left
looks like he's just taken something up
the bar I don't know what he's seen he
sends it seems some things Todd looks
like he wants to kill me it's either
push a Tino or saram and we'll just go
sour
alright so there is a very big chance
that I'm heading out right now and five
in this field I mean you've got some red
lines so I mean it all depends how good
he is realistically you know what we
actually we have Shane long not good
enough okay I forgot he has Messi and
he's also got a legend up front so this
should be fun go on mate wait laid off
wait wait I'm dressed that was so bad I
don't know why I think shit
look I'm playing it around him but it's
boom there we go I'm making this guy
quit calling it right now three nil when
he quit if he realizes that I have the
slowest team he could he could literally
just run that's all he's got to do right
now no no no no good save good say about
this I need to bring one check oh
there's going oh weld it keep you one
even if he did fluff up yesterday here
we go here we go oh my god check it so
much you look rah
alright how do we how do we get through
why did I do that alright go and drop up
hahahaha ah did you did it good and it
boom ah Cydia Cydia shiny someone please
someone I need that third goal cuz I
said he'd quit up to three you know I
didn't leak way to be winning this game
but I'm to nail up him I can get third I
called it he will quit come on Ruiz make
your debut oh oh oh
gonna run and scored always it cooled it
there we go there we go first round done
I don't know how much further I'll make
it hopefully a lot further at least one
more round
oh good maybe if I speed it up it might
work
I feel like this guy's gonna be a lot
better he's got an X in his name I say
you know he's good going yo you're still
good I thought how that ended up at
Shane long feet but I'll take it I need
to aim for Shane what the hell's that a
name for anyone but he plays quite a
high line of defense so this is my plan
this is my hope I mean cuz he plays such
a high oh oh drop but get them should be
school in that video please don't run
away again everyone ran away again
everyone scared of the blow what's going
on the problem is my team just isn't
good that's the main oh ok just it's so
silly of him
can you try changing player hostage
idiot pass the Shane takes touch in and
then play it with Didier flick it on and
bang that was almost really not ultra
corner ok let's actually try and get it
on someone's head this time right put it
in there that's gonna straight to the
goal she's British nope but no one's
going for it okay you did spatter that
time oh shit
Oh sugar oh please be a side she's on
wow wow that finish oh ok this guy isn't
oh you bitch bitches can you do that
it's time to swap some things come on
check sorry Valdes you played really
well and I know that was I was a girl
wasn't your fault and he loves just
running down the wing with hello somehow
you always seem to almost end up with it
this guy's definitely a foot capped
player because once he's got the lead he
just holds on to the ball hard time we
need a goal I think you just brawny
Gwaine yeah I wish I had that kind of
sub okay here we go who go who go play
that way okay and then yeah
early bull that was not so good bull
that was an absolute right where's the
run no no run no okay there you go and
fine why is that straight okay I'm just
playing slower and it's working sorry
that's how we do this is how we do to do
to do this this is
all right I didn't press shoot one that
second one yeah Didier Oh
Didier it was so close you know I'm
pulling for you now I'm taking shiny
orphans into its right where are you
someone please city a city yeah I told
you man you've got to be my guy you have
to be my guy I just didn't press
anything there yeah yeah yeah well Flint
foot boy doesn't that go faster please
please that's Oh you know what no I
wanted to take short in words man no he
is doing bit it's doing a bit we just
literally just stood there
how am I going to do this my team is so
dead
rest rest no okay that one is a just
cool of referee okay and here's his go
in there 86 no no the ball injury hit
the net and Stood Still the ball hit the
net and stopped stationary but I want to
see this look look how the ball just
stops in the net this just shows it
wasn't meant to go in look boom haven't
seen a balls do that it didn't hit the
corner we got like three minutes left
and just to rub it in a little bit more
yep check it fucking lose we thought we
were to learn the angle apply now and
then look as soon as I get one oh yeah
yeah no yeah no it doesn't want me to
sports cool bang bang no check oh ah
good effort check fucking shoot what is
it why did you guys think I could do it
with the slowest team I mean immediately
is all about the luck of the players I
get because if I got a better like you
know striker with it if you get five
good strikers you choose a good striker
I was tempted to try again with this but
you know what I don't want to but I
don't want to slow this trap again I've
done it now that's almost as good as
getting to the final the normal gold
pack where you get absolutely built
another gold pack where you get
absolutely zilch and merely this one you
might get something oh sorry rez Oh Oh
makes me good we got crazy look at what
my day is made I'm happy I went out now
thank you for telling me to do this
Louis job you get brazii we go green 12
players six gold six silver okay that
makes sense we can please get green here
there's a pause a long time though I
don't know about Silver's and I don't
really care to be honest
I'm just I'm just going to the green
that's all I want I want the green over
for us there again with blue well we got
a little bit is that what man at the
mount adornment match man I think Lopez
85 rated Lopez actually just turn this
into a back opening shuttle more packs
from so far it's been 100 green oh yes I
don't know how rare these actually are
but we get McGee that's to green and
again we'll take a movie I'm for cieariy
mad mad mad mad mad mad okay this is the
halfway point was open for this is five
okay we can't be too greedy you have to
accept that sometimes you get bad packs
like this actually saying that we get
Valencia on state ballsy alright last
five come on if we can get one more
special card I'll be happy that's not a
special Club one more special card in
the last five and I'll count this very
successful oh oh in form we got in form
this time okay we've now got like all
three Battier you want in form a green
of orange and blue I am very happy right
now I've literally forgot I'll wait we
hooked is really badly I forgot for a
second well how we did in that
tournament just remember it's the only
thing that will make me happy
another card two packs remaining oh I'm
happy I'm happy now what we get what we
get while we get in we get otter well
that is all for today I don't really
care about this last pack but thank you
very much for watching the slowest draft
and these packs afterwards we did well
so I will take it as a win but thank you
very much as I said let me know what
videos you want to see down below in the
comments that's right comments are on by
voting and sleep
