this is big it's quite a big camera
that's the others quite a big one I mean
this one's not as thick this isn't this
is a bridge but this episode a Jew
division through final two games left
and unfortunately last episode went
horrendously so I have to win both games
get promotion top comment was to sell
cooks wha and by the hair now the hair
is a hundred came I mean cut some good
but Willie K and I only have 23 kids
it's not happening anytime soon guys the
other top comment was like for a foot
champs livestream so that's what I'm
going to be doing as I said the next
episode will be me trying to qualify if
I do not qualify I will try and qualify
off-camera and then do the livestream
but now we've sold Bella Robbie we've
got these three selling but they might
not sell so this is what we're going to
be using to space the penultimate
opponent I mean if I lose it's actually
this divisions over also because we are
headed into like a hardest part of the
division Sergei
let me know if you wanna up the back way
okay so we're not the type weight but
the amount of packs open like say every
goal of the sudden ha ha is a special
fact maybe an assist is a 5k packs or
something I don't know you know what I
mean let me know in the comments uh uh
axe trees down I get it I hate your team
it's got ran out of Sanchez and look at
this summer man barely summer here I'm
about to rain on his parade come on we
can do this go on going on just go on oh
oh oh
risky business I'm gonna ski this gift
Sergio Bush get good effort Oh boss in
gone and no hunter I am all over him
right now but I can't do anything he
just he's very he's very noisy that was
way too slow you see how slow that was
from Hunter oh look at a pace from can't
say can't a never stops running and he
never stop crossing crossing crossing
amp boom Thank You Ksenia home finally
scoring they go they go they go
choo-choo shit rest Thank You Penn red
give him a red give him a red I don't
know why I'm still paying this come on
send him off for that awful haircut
there we go that's it boom he saved it
what a prick hunter you could have
freaking got us a pack wow I mean this
always seems to happen at some point
doesn't it it's got to happen it yeah
yeah yeah
yeah okay no game actually kind of works
in my favor that song come on hunter
come on big such big shot and smash it
he just defend that right here we go
ready over the wall top left right going
on to us just finish that did it thank
you
finally okay that's a golfer hunter oh
no I'll know he's running situation
Center for stratum Center and there's
our sign Sunni Allah I mean it's gone
well we're destroying it oh here we go
come on focus Simon focus I can do this
you can we can indeed do this yeah yeah
I'm finesse
um Hunt's that you have leg muscles yeah
and there's as one goal dose of goal
I needed a goal well I say it's one goal
he's got the momentum now if we don't
score this attack like from Center we're
going to just we're going to play foot
camp style and we're gonna have a little
break we're going to just have a pause
okay so if I don't score from without
the ball going off here this is this is
all fantastic but is it going to result
in a gold
it might do Danny Ching will so there's
some money to charity that was beautiful
right what you want to never go yet yeah
that's all thought by and then ship it
out that's a good ball with a battle
terrible terrible balls don't don't do
this and a pre now three now three oh
yeah of course it just goes straight to
it looks like every time it just goes
straight to the attacker I'm gonna have
to do again lads if I don't score now
straight from this kickoff I'm gonna
have to just slow the game Oh what okay
my screen just turned off for a second
my screen is having a mental breakdown
my street I can't see I can't see I
can't say I've just conceded because I
wider fuck if you're doing this
I'm not even sitting that close now I'm
gonna stay over here I have ten minutes
I have destroyed this guy attacking
let's go pass across what the fuck is
that I'm gonna I'm gonna kill someone I
am NOT not literally but metaphorically
I want to hurt someone so bad because
I've actually just drawn because my
screen decided to mess up I don't know
what it is whether it's a faulty wire
but what but whatever it is it may have
just cost us the division there you go
please Danny for charity Crowley's done
it okay
where if this messes up now or magic why
is it doing this why am I got a faulty
whyatt
oh no no no no no no no no and it's got
a corner in the 90th minute I don't even
care about screwing another gold please
please great safe no yes
and we've done it hunts are going to go
onto that we've done it okay we've got
one out of one win so far we need to win
the second game in a row man as much so
hunter was so close he got a goal
Danny drink was a two-goal does money
for charity assists gnosis oh my days
look at that look 2.0 I can even be one
I can't I have to win now I can't even
draw I've had to change Cazorla for sale
and I've had the take off cancer Avenger
Sabourin I want to change the team
though it played well oh my I was
tempted to back out against this guy it
doesn't mean he's played a lot it just
needs down the squad builders Oh
actually I'm genuinely nervous I'm gonna
have to spend a whole nother season in
Division two if I lose this or even draw
oh where the hell is my team where's my
team well buddy wow oh wow wow wow he's
very good I'm one male drown and I don't
you know I hate right it's the fact that
I'm trying to control the sense back the
left back doesn't run oh I didn't even
know the pack I didn't even open the
black I just won 4-3 and I could have
got four packs he's got some mad keen
pressing on or something I mean not that
it matters I'm you sure Michael maybe he
thinks so you know maybe he's just
putting him into the full set security
Smalling okay that's five packs I'm owed
five packs and there's his next job
there's Rick the two people on him
pushing him cause hard comes out and he
just knows run hunter run please please
please PLEASE Hansell I tried to hold
him off for just couldn't get the muscle
on him come on please rush it I went a
bit too far out wide and rest rest rest
how it's one of those of the foul and
then turn in and hunt off red okay I'll
take you I'll take your gold gone gone
and then I thought that fuck I fucked it
ok ok we're drawing with 45 minutes ago
we have to win I really want to send
this guy a message and just be like
please look you don't understand how
much I need to win this I don't think it
will help if it's meant to be it'll be
and there's this last no conformal
system
what you gonna do if you don't repent
looking for a pen if you have a pen he's
not block Smalling beauty beautiful
monster
sorry just he hit the win or something
as well because there's no way why would
he be this attacking right now okay this
is bad this is very bad very very bad
nice Smalling nice one please please
please okay have one that let's go let's
go let's go where do we go I say let's
go I don't know where to go yeah no rash
food serious well this morning drink
with us
smash it oh my god okay hold on just
hold on no no no no no no no okay I'm
fine oh my days
I'm so happy I've read that how the hell
are we gonna hold on for this long nice
you know what smash it smash it I love
you forever good score but no no no no
now we have to go to attack in a drawer
isn't good enough one of us oh my god
breast full okay so do okay answer oh
you're offsides
oh my god he might actually win this
she's actually gonna win it
you actually won it fucking women's
hockey one day Jesus was there anymore
what the fuck is this what I just
frickin pray in it like my language
everyone you can understand my
frustration right now 8 packs I'm
opening a pack
yeah great we want 7 hours out of the
coins great bring on the fucking foot
captain get destroyed you know what
let's just open like all of these sly
not open for these something to make a
difference is it we're getting mixed 28t
apparently here we go pack - I'm just
quick selling stuff now because all
coins more than our players so that we
comply players that we actually want I
believe actually insufficient to again
I'm genuinely to fact we took the lead
if you just destroy me I would've been
that upset a well we didn't get anything
there guys
we're up to forty two and a half
thousand coins guys I'm gonna end it
there any obstacle would struggle
there's hope that it doesn't continue
let's hope that we disqualified
straightaway for champ saying us
watching and
