yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to another foot draft I don't want to do
many of these because I'm kind of
enjoying FIFO by the fact that I'm not
playing it as much so today we are gonna
be doing a draft there we go that is the
start draft I'm gonna be building it by
talking to you guys on a mEagle you're
gonna choose done this before you know
choose another between 1 and 5 that is
the formation the team the manager
everything that I have to do so over to
Amiga bolts up hey do in you're gonna
choose my formation I need a number
between one and five four okay
four one two one two you are choosing my
captain and I'm warning you there are
two very good players Hey oh boy
Ronaldo thank you I love you I love you
Ronaldo I want to go with number four
okay any position you want striker
anyone anyone you want I'm about to
either love you or hate you too this
would be a video on building a draft you
are choosing my cab it's a train where
are you from honest yeah I knew I knew
it I heard I heard that play was all for
that okay we're going to get right
moving about everyone actually you know
what it's not there's not the best one
but it fits boo Arsenal sir oh my god
actually goo why are you an Arsenal fan
because my dad was yeah that's like most
asked the fans to get forced into it
you're choosing the CDM choose a number
between one and five Oh everyone's okay
that wasn't that wasn't a good choice
you know what you're gonna choose a
centre-back as well they're all awful
again choose a number that we're gonna
choose another one's gonna get for two
two two really good players how are you
I am I am burning a FIFA draft right now
I just need you to pick a number between
one and five let's do three use the left
back to okay
Thanks you are choosing my goalkeeper so
I need you to pick a number between one
and five three
you're not done too well there so I'm
gonna I'm gonna say you can have a
second chance oh please please need a
number between one and five really
struggling I'm really struggling with
this team three we're gonna go for it
other way you're gonna get another
chance
oh you know I'll accept that I will
accept that okay sup how you doing okay
I'm gonna need you to pick a number
between one and five my team is awful at
the moment I'm gonna let you have
another chance we're gonna go for a new
player we've got please I'm not sure we
can be friends after this okay there is
a really good player here no oh we get
we get Marni you know what we got mana
you are going to pick a few numbers for
me between one and five you might cut
out okay you've officially just become
my best friend this is the start of a
beautiful friendship
what okay just choose a number these are
these are all lawful plans okay next one
next one what three
a number between one and five there is
odd there are some good players here if
you pick this one really bad player if
you pick that person why we're just not
gonna be friends but if they're two it's
a very good player it's not the best but
it's a very good player we can still be
friends another chance between one and
five well played yeah yeah you have a
one in five chance of becoming my best
friend ever
I mean and you still picked some good
players so we're still good friends
actually you know what you can just pick
a manager as well you can get one final
one just a quick number between one and
five this one doesn't really mean much
okay okay so there is the team that you
guys have chosen you guys have put me in
the position to use this switch I'll add
you guys have been great I'm gonna see
what I can do to them and that sounds
dirty I'm gonna see what I can do if I
can fix this at all and yeah it's done
this is pretty much the best team I can
get it's obviously not very good so we
have bail and ran out on the bench so we
can bring them straight on I don't
really know where I guess Marnie and
Zaha will come straight off and we may
also bring on summer but that is the
team we have it's okay I mean no one is
that low on Kim except Morales in the
middle which is gonna be a bit of a
struggle Bob we lose a lot of Khem if he
goes there it's not worth it I mean
let's just go in I were playing against
someone called little code six and their
team is leads town Wow okay anymore
they've got a Ronaldo cent mid for a cam
okay this is the defense is weak that's
what we that's what we need to know it's
me my defense is much weaker but who
cares really you're already making
you're already making a something why
are you why at least score an own goal
and then quit like I get what he's doing
I get that he's trying to you know he's
building drafts and you want it to quit
but like quit like score don't go be
nice to people sound like Ellen I like
your little wowzers well I'm fucked you
know what screw it let's just let's just
bring these on bail for now though sure
and you know what some are taking off
Tekken is taking off I feel like the
only thing that's gonna help me in this
game is a ridiculously
epic song Kay not even that's
save me not even that's gonna set the
kick he's dabbing on me he's dabbing
he's dabbing room I mean that goal
doesn't care
Oh boom no no what okay you know what
ref pen please how has that worked
outlet how's that perfectly works out
for him gone son go on play him on take
a touch Ronaldo
big old Ron that's like that that's my
secret weapon and it is just missed
how's that open then what the fuck what
the fuck are you mad are you mad are you
mad are you mad I met you what what do
stop I am destroying this guy and he
gets one little attack somehow passes it
through ghosts and a Bonnie yang scores
in my bummer yang I no more mr. nice gun
I'm doing him I'm doing a mad combat bad
mad come back are you ready for this
okay see you later
ha sim boom that's a goal thank you
thank you there's one get the ball was
that wrong I want though it was so low
it was hella sounds better than an outer
see you later
I should have passed it I shoulda just
passed it Oh hot shoes please thank you
that that would go guru I'd feel like
I'm on first day in terms of him what
the fuck what's up what the hell
where did my team just disappear to
there we go pass it on oh boy oh I
should have pop what a fitness I
shouldn't deposit I should never doubt
you Gareth I'm sorry mate Wow I mean
we're winning we were too no doubt oh
wow that made no sense
I'm spamming shoot I'm spamming clear
yeah no this make that made purpose ants
I'm looting again I was dubbing again
why can't I just get an easy game a team
don't work with teeth my team don't work
please bail over the top
no Salah ball needs to be further and
here's his next goal his next goal yeah
yeah oh that no yes goal kick thank you
live through please please
don't dig dip come on come on come on
what what oh my god Salo what's a
comeback come on come on
80 what was it 90th minute and I'm a
bird fuck him fuck him and fuck him just
we all know he's gonna part of that no
no I can't believe we just won only we
won I can't I can't believe we actually
just won that game straight into Game
two
ah please please come on be like me have
it
okay he's got CDM as a centre-back so
I'm looking at really just going into
Game two a lot less pressure than the
last one we bring on a Ronaldo we bring
on bail I should bring on Pereira
instead of one of them but all right
let's did a good job he's a good player
team he's a good player and that that
was not a shot that wasn't a shot that
I'm in it wasn't shot that's that's very
that's a ridiculous ball that how did
that work happen one know down again I
always listen to music to help me like
get hyped up and start a trust me the
song playing man wasn't good it was like
LA Lamborghini I know something like bar
side there you go
Oh how does this how does any of his
moves work was it on one more take such
finesse I love you he was so bad in the
last game but he's just buying that in
and he's already back he's already
freakin back it's just it's kickoff just
needs to get fixed like I don't get I
know I score them and I'm happy but
inside i dial it or even when I score
them come on come on Bank oh my god it
simple Marik's and uh run
I'm an idiot I'm an idiot look at four
shots a nun on top I have another shot
Saiga apparently what happened to my
goal okay I came here from in off the
post for some reason that doesn't count
oh my god beautiful beautiful why I
don't get it I don't get what did I do
wrong there okay this is this as bad
this is this is this isn't going well
okay okay that's just anyone back post
back post you're there Ronaldo all right
15 minutes left
I've gone all that attack we have to we
have to go all-out attack come on
where's the where's the crosses there's
the ball boom done
there's one back live and Assad has
punched me in the face come on skip
every attack is so much more work no
yeah there's gold this is final go
big tackle what a save will to save what
to say the FBI be upkeep skips kicks
I've done so well to stop that I've done
so well where's the runs how are there
no runs
I'm freaking all old you're attacking
come on holla bass hold a bus bull no
okay this is it this is it final shots
oh I'm offside anyway I'm so bad I mean
the team doesn't help but I'm so bad oh
why look I don't care I don't care about
this video ten minutes we are done you
know what the first billboard player we
get will stop like I've really made a
mistake here no gain anything this is
like I'm like four or five packs later
or a below find it it's done boom we get
a billboard player it's English it's a
cam it's Berkeley no it's Erickson its
Delhi Ali 8480 I'll take you I'll take
in 84 in Delhi a Leeds and it's not some
83 rated that I don't know that
concludes the amico drop I'm sorry that
I am awful but yeah that's it for today
thank you guys watching thank you
everyone involved who went on a me go
I'm sorry that I didn't see some of you
but yeah
I don't to be the truth you rush into
the money but I think
