it's kind of sunny which beer plumbing
pause all right Josh
you set the shot holster at the event FB
amen you set the shot yeah the Swiss
shake I had a backboard whoa luckily I'm
the coder mini LeBron so I they
shouldn't call you anything three heads
oh yeah 4sm swish
fish oh no I just forgot to copy this
what oh no got this ignore the lawnmower
in the back oh can he get the fish
ah-ha-ha final go Josh you get an S
otherwise I mean there's not any wind
right now with the lawnmower ah after
this someone did some of the PIO box off
in the vlog okay but you realize the
problem is between this one-handed while
I got grass well over what is this why
have I got growth why are you telling me
how to make why are you telling me about
my lawn dear Simon thank you for your
recent inquiry
I didn't freaking inquire about this
throughout this one okay this isn't any
better what is that okay oh please read
this out loud on camera and open the
package on camera to charges because you
called me out in your snapchat Q&A for
saying sharks weirdly shout out for the
rocks brats Linds Amy sadness a lot of
names
it's an Amazon one what is it it could
be anything is put downs and zingers oh
my God look at you was anyone else hurt
in the accident Fran says now before you
think there's a hint Leah jokes need to
improve it's not I just three might
enjoy glance and everything's a noun to
chuckle or two okay and there's also an
apron I like it Vic you can either have
10,000 pounds or I get a million pounds
which one's using give you a million you
player and I'm not allowed to split up
if you know I'm not as you given me ah I
do like my apron I'm not really that
sure all right we don't really know the
rules of horse or SP mm so we're making
out of ourselves Josh you know you'll go
again be sure he doesn't know he kicked
everyone
whoa wish get it I mean are you ready
not for curry right now Steph Curry
haha I don't read it come on
bean going dim don't we talk about your
enemy no it's like jeez we have power
now that was one pump
Oh your power go for muscle ah we go
further you go further so you guys are
forward bro come back sister sister ah
oh is that your dance you can copy him -
shot
Oh No I think I'm back planet is that
word back fan back spun it Oh
go ah I got it
she's done it well it's pretty clear
that were both really good so we're just
going to call it a draw we're both
awesome I'll let you go have sex with a
mermaid but you got to choose with the
top half fish or the bottom half fish so
uh the Tom Hartman place the bottle in a
mistake for the Gil another p.o box and
it wrapped you want overlook you thank
you about homework what is it ah oh my
god since you claim you don't have a
girlfriend because your fingers are too
slow I thought I'd help you with that
now you have no excuse this doesn't make
my fingers quicker just make my hands
stronger is this it I mean this a book
I'm have a girlfriend ánotá
right what is rich wait oh my God give
you strength are you going spam I really
sweep to 100 all over the camera crop
would a word search of frozen just to
see how sick allocate ceremony and it is
that full ceremony done that was from
Brianna thank you very much Brianna how
to pronounce my name Bri on a thank you
very much Brianna Alexa I want the truth
you can't handle the truth give it a job
drew No Alexa please tell me the truth
choose the state of being correct or a
matter fact well that was awful
and yes we know that the net wasn't as
high okay but now it is this is
ridiculously high
ah not last sighs I could dunk wave me
this what is that oh hey wait in a layup
with anything
switch
you
