welcome to another draw what drop I'm
glad you asked
we are doing the fattest draw now
unfortunately there is no way to
actually distinguish with the fattest so
it is based purely on my look of these
players into judging who's fat really
that's about it now you're probably
thinking I mean you look that I'm about
to transform ok decide if draw here we
go Mario Bros that describes my body
shake three four three flat give me some
good players anybody Gwaine Sanchez Alex
was definitely like guys that if the
three needs to I'm gonna go quit going a
bit older gained a bit of a beer belly
these days any all over my Sasuke oh no
definitely not be Maria I'm SPU skimming
it's gonna be Becky
but I'm screwed Nani looks very skinny
for now those just your muscle may
mosque you need ooh it's going to be
Santa this is a really hard one to judge
you know screw it I'm gonna mix our Ian
I know he's not fat okay all those
fabric s got a little weight they've get
a little chubby any favor yes yes hey
chubby dudes not hy knee try it try nice
a little belly nah nah maybe surfaces in
a macaron Oh PJ I mean company I mean
complete saying of chubby what should
Kira does workouts all day you know what
I'm actually gonna have to sit down like
I'm gonna have the meal with this entire
base yes correct PK well done you know
what Jackie L can never please no one
ever juice Jagielka
probably because he's fat I want to
choose him but he's just not fighting
let's go awesome Indies a bit of a
bigger guide and company I mean none of
these players are fatter you know what
this is anymore cuz he asked you're old
you probably get in a bit of way help us
maybe
round-faced you how am I meant to choose
who's fast
what why did I do this job go around he
looks a little bit choppy which is look
he looks a little bit chubby then it's
between these two I'm gonna go catch
burger good Maris got bigger neck
Maratha
welcome aboard makes a lot Alley Katta
more he's gonna be a chubby like I don't
know why I'm even choosing them based on
now Lucas put a video of him cooking
with cn Garnier so you know he's always
in the kitchen easily beaten fat Hyatt
who ate all the pie it they get it right
the remse barely runs it's gotta be the
right size you're on a peak Guerrero I
didn't want to choose him but it has to
because she's all static they said right
let me see what I can do with it and
then that doesn't look like a very fat
drop but what kind of professional
footballer would be fat is going to be a
fat manager though isn't obvious ah come
on really I saw the most chin and Ali
just has like your double I don't
imagine this lasting long so you know
what I'm gonna do if I go a goal down
this is coming all right
show me your feelings oh no these are
very fat lazy the bubblers own existence
the dumb decision
okay ah my inner fat words coming out
now oh I don't know what it is but it's
harder to a my popcorn one is that who
was that your little spat my mic is
genuinely in the way of the bottom right
corner as well that's the worst part
good good what wait what's your
Christmas well then your party then
Vanessa
oh go on in run no.16 touch and drag it
across Oh
what new yeah I can't believe so the
breakers if I get off my chair when ever
get back on it oh that made me our
breast celebratory pussy Pig Oh Mickey
Mickey you're so fine just a funny blow
my mind hey mickey
oh hey mickey uh-oh both of you I was
coming together and there's a stop
yet I waiting for one there's a small
part of me well I think part of me that
just wants to go big goal down so I can
take this off not just the half here we
go last chance
come on come on pop it why
Wow I don't really deserve it honestly
guys this counts of the worker
oh here we go there we go yeah it's
gonna
here we go you get all the turnout
turnout oh why did I just not shoot I
actually my loser game look how many
defenders do I may have to take this off
you know what 20 minutes left I need to
win this it starts around we have to win
and I'm sweating already come on just
give me one chance one chance that's it
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah no that was all
I needed thank you thank you I how to do
that I had to I had the smallest angle
like a fat person out trying to have sex
for those angles that fences right we
don't want to do anything stupid here we
just want to we just want to keep the
ball oh you're with one oh my days are
so much easier without that suit won but
I have to transform again don't I
I hate this dress so much come on come
on fatty Freddie Freddie funny when out
as far as Missy that's cool we should do
this can't we it's a struggle okay no I
can't do this I can't I can't there's no
way my biggest hope right now honestly
is just to like fall in front of him to
tackle him because I can't do much
there's one go I'm thinking of glumly ah
here we go here we go like here we go
boom boom boom there's the coal I'm
putting that until I'm winning on those
nice go go go go go go I see the far
side okay there we go that'll do that'll
do that'll do pause it across odd but I
said I were transforming time here we go
fall in and OH
use your weight to your advantage lad oh
my god I'm dying okay I'm going to move
this so I can actually see the screen
off the end we could go for more takes
like a blob and then him pick touch for
the score somebody pass out I want to
celebrate but I can't launch quit please
give me a favor I'm gonna with your
spawn sweating off okay guys
not a lot a little bit worried here
little bit worried ah no no no no that
place there's the vibration there and
there's one girl for him okay you've got
one back you know what it's too tense I
don't like it you guys want me to go
through or look stupid don't answer that
okay we pop it in lame out again take
such Sanchez and finish oh no no no no
no no no no no no no nope it's like a
golf hole Daniel I don't want this I
don't want this and this is go oh my no
it's extra time I need to make some subs
say what guys
I can make subs but there's only one guy
that can deal with this that Simon if
we're going down we're going down with
style let's go come on get out of here
get get it out get it out get it come on
it going you've got the fresh legs yeah
boom run trenches
run-run spice in their boat you fucking
loser
come on okay half time half time I'll
take it well Matt we may have to go to
penalties which I never ever win zip
this is this this is the moment this is
the moment look turns out with Becky
buhbuh buhbuh buhbuh bangs and turned
him turned him boss I don't know why I
took that extra one no no no I haven't
done it yet I haven't done it yet he's
fucking pulled it back so many times and
just when I say he pulled it back I give
him an opportunity to pull it back edge
get ready to run tree and jump um all
right let me turn back and we flaming
again and then we turn yeah we just keep
going and then we let back and I did we
win oh no let me I play another game
like this there we go we did it I'm
honestly dying here
I just don't wanna play this dude I'm
literally dying guys alright well here
we go I guess if we can just make them
quit if I have to quit I have to quit
you know I'm just saying if I am losing
badly I will quit because there's no
point me staying in this suit for
nothing run Lucas your your pace use it
okay don't use a crossing ability though
lane for tickets Phyllis oh no what
wasn't a sign no no no no no no no come
on keep on keep on Oh
Vaness boom double jump that one's on
side oh-ho-ho I don't know why I'm a fat
French man now at all
yes Sanchez your little back yeah mine
as it goes straight to kickoff yep sound
of game work everyone gets
don't tell me you're leaving for faxing
we're a halftime were winning actually
winning in this suit yeah I got it I
can't celebrate much because I'm too fat
you're look look you're not you're not
fucking skilful he's not working for his
old athlete I worked for my gold me and
easy gold give me like a corner goal or
something anime back here come back here
come back yes yes yes yes magic go Becky
bubble bang him yes
run back why doesn't happy Blackwood
I don't stand on again and there we go
there's four - yes mate your player was
down in injured I am fouling the hell
out of him in this Center watch this
foul it's gonna be perfect
oh oh you're not score from center now
are you what am i doing what am i doing
Willa fix it now now no but yes thank
you
we're into the final lap Thank You
Mickey commander the match Mickey we win
three out of three can we make it four
telly tubby is a bad joke Hey well no
now that everyone has met Ronaldo
messing Suarez he wins it's cuz of
Jagielka send me that right now not sure
why you slid not sure why you slid why
did you slide I'm not sure why later on
what you've got mate yeah quarterback
turns finesse well one nail if he scores
this he deserves it well that I wanted
to oh please please please significant
peak no no no no no no no no no no I
mean like that and it straight in boo
the hell was marking him well well my
team's go on going fast Bob Iger
oh wow
it worries me when people take long to a
sauna is the ascetic mass nor us afloat
across six such shoot much like so you
know fifty buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey hey
okay how's it going how's the upper men
so now here there we go hard time 100 45
more minutes of football and I can fix
this hole I don't know how I'm gonna win
this game not really having many chances
come on my crossing just isn't strong
though though saying that red red no
he's been heap of a free kick for him
and I'm going to get sent off on I I
press cross oh my god I told you I
pressed cross that you pulled me back on
my god please please please no it's not
coming up and we've got this oh my god
oh oh
I can't deal with this he's got so many
good players up front no no not now not
like this not like this not like oh my
god no tribal mentor I've only got five
minutes left maybe three subs we
normally do big Wayne higher and shinier
on we only have like four minutes left
okay and he brings on the yo-yo harina
Ross Barkley right grip all outside hit
it's done seriously weary wives are
running forward you might see you doing
I'm on all that attack in the last
minute losing and pie it is running
backwards I can't believe we lost in the
final yeah go and show me my prize yeah
this is gonna be great isn't it yeah Wow
oh my god
or four oh why that is all for the fat
job let me know what you want me to do I
will actually turn comments on to this
video script top comment I'll try and do
that draft unless I don't want to
minimize that's all today thank you guys
for watching and please
