it has been a while I've been away and
it feels odd because weird holding this
controller but I'll see you guys last
time I haven't forgotten what I was
going to do with de Bruyne when I bought
him the top comment this time was before
you buy de Bruyne and save up to 65 K
and get Pogba know what else so I'm
gonna ignore that because I'm pretty
certain that wasn't actually the top
comment now we did sell everything and
I'm sorry I just literally as I was
loading their site for any practically
sold item so basically we said yo of 20k
and all the other stuff we now have 93
thousand coins we're going to put up
these again but that means we can get
deployed just in time because two of our
Center meds are pretty tired I'm taking
it into my own actions and we're getting
into the sentiment we make Emma scammer
plan as a cinema it's like he's playing
cinema so there we go seventy-nine
thousand coins now I'm sorry for those
pogba lovers but you know the bruyne is
the brewing I feel so poor now 14k I
mean if we played a Matic there and then
we had our fill as a cam that's a pretty
solid midfield I don't know who else we
want to go for let's you want to change
the formations all very shallow I just
remembered where we were okay two wins
today and we are into Division one oh my
god oh my god what we need one win with
today I thought now I can't I can't not
win one today if I don't we want surveys
and we have to win our last two games
I can't now I can't do that you know
what I don't normally do this but I'm
gonna just like I'm just gonna give him
a fitness card it's getting to the
serious stages now we have to focus
hi this is it this is it we have to win
this oh my god I'm screwed he had the
red card that's what that's the foot
champ I'm gonna have to really like
sweat this out on I like properly sweat
a Brian nice nice okay okay it's
actually worked out like bring it on she
thought a water you sobbing on he's
paused it already now he's gonna sub
something on how am I gonna get past the
fence a soft side isn't it but come on
come on okay we scored one now we know
we've scored you know even though it's
even it's outside we know we can get
through good
everyone 602 point uh Quinn what are you
doing you're the new boy you have to be
good today yeah yeah go short go short
there you go and then you take touch
Danny for charity but Jared Oh Oh see
what if I beat him then I will take this
is doing very very well
Oh because I'm playing someone who
clearly plays the game a lot this is
some spectacular play gone lame off and
the far side mr. Gus boom boom no one
loved you all my calls oh I know he
loved Marnie and I can tell you that
right now
yeah look he loved it he really loved
the Marnie can we clean up okay that
wasn't exactly the best from post there
it is there's a ball either fairly from
postholing good effort good effort going
what's off but that's not real so that
doesn't count does it look at this look
look at it I'm psyched right now nothing
stupid Simon just smart smart play smart
play let's go let's go all form you've
done very very well
fossils inside possibly outside say
goodbye
hey bull how do I get past this line
though this is the one I wonder about
oh that's the bull that's not straight
to the keeper that's the one I just I
can't figure out how to get past that I
only just got through here gigs King
know how I think the drop offs mauling
like that oh my god
Smalling you little shit why the hell
did you just let him through you want to
go for a run time you go for it
let's don't hold back alright we'll go
we'll go a little bit defensive you know
defensive counter-attack how we do oh no
oh no no no no Cain Cain please please
why he didn't keep a comment to that
please I just want to be happy in
Division one fella in feller in on a run
he plays it back to Hunter who plays it
oh that was the longest ball I've ever
seen know what de bruyne mate Bruyneel s
up figure I've got there boom I should
have been really far right you're nice
and wouldn't he win the favor
oh my god he's got this laughs no no no
no no no no no no I deserve to win this
this isn't fair oh my god oh my God he's
outside Shirley Shirley bad that didn't
even match that way cause I haven't
I told you I'd miss them I fucking told
you I would lose things and there it is
that's a joke motorized a full-on joke
any drink will amount of mass probably
some money to carry in a to gold
Danny drink water to assist as well I
like half the money to tell you in it
you know what we get one of these but
because we're so close to the Division
one now I might just start opening it
one a goal you don't really get anything
again be a date yes screw I'm going to
actually just start quick selling
everything's just quick coins in it and
we go for a second one because we got
two goals so that's the rule we're doing
now we changed it I saw those my vintage
Michael but its leader well we're back
up to 18,000 coins and we have to play
another game so quick side note I think
what I'm going to do is this is episode
47 so I think 48 is going to be the
final thing of this 49 will be an
attempt to get into the foot champions
if I don't make it into foot champions
I'll do it off camera and hopefully
games book champions but episode 50 is
going to be a special live stream on
YouTube where I just play all the games
over two days if you want to see that
let me know in the comments like like
the video everything just let me know
okay if you want to see that however
long livestream will probably be like
however like 20 games a day for now I
don't need to win this please please
PLEASE 5 in midfield though and I should
really be like expecting this because
I'm going to face some horrible teams
input challenge
okay well we've already learned this guy
loves to cross so this is gonna be a fun
game you got markavitch gone yeah and
then I'm gonna put a good ball in no you
don't wanna you don't want to go to it
that's understandable ball is scary they
are round not the biggest fan of balls
myself to be fair farting inside inside
and then to turn back and then toss that
oh oh wow
red how did I pull over Matt bitch just
backpack a corner we'll take the corner
ok another ball in this is going to be
another game where I actually get
chances endowed score composite
composite
keep the freaking pace up yes nope
would I have done that what would I have
done that that's the real question here
isn't it well Blizzard
please bigger touch that's not guitar it
was an alright touch if I'm honest
nothing groundbreaking will say so I'm
plate across take a side you know what
to Brian
it's up oh wow how do you read that then
Casey
tap-in name off and boom what to say you
can mark it all you want me I'm not
going there are small thankful what I'm
fucking done in life I'm fucking done
with life I hate everything
oh my not scoring there this is another
game of losses I'm gonna lose this game
no doubt in my mind right now that this
guy was going to win you're looking at
the way I'm playing covered for him and
you're just like there's no way that
seelix my balls aren't going in his area
mad sentence hey Zeus leave please I've
fought this eyespots it's so hard what
is going on I shouldn't be playing as
soon as I realized how bad I'm playing I
should just stop don't know if I want
bayi here to be honest but that was just
one of the easiest tackles that guy
whatever make in his life yeah is attack
Rudy yeah there it is useless guys right
let's go me to get close wha fuck you
come on come on come on temptation
explain explain him please please please
wait up what just happened he just he
lost of all time she doesn't believe in
the ball apparently my players don't
want the ball this is the fact
oh my god yeah cause of my gold we're
working our way up last time we fought
for allegations if I were fighting for
promotion next time we'll get promoted
wow this game this mother
fricking game this mother fricking game
of the game I was one of the worst
frickin games ever both both games were
absolutely horrible the boring old man
of the match you know what he was our
debut player today I'm going to open the
pack because all I know max we didn't
get mine of a match alright well open
one pack we don't deserve it we don't
deserve a pat it'll be it will be a
terrible pack because we know desert
whatever we're up to over 20,000 coins
let me know what you want me to do but
as I said next episode is going to be
the final episode of division 2 maybe
we'll stay here 49 will be
qualifications for the foot champ and
have so 50 bits special will be episode
15 51 will be a special foot template so
let me know if that is good if you want
to see that thing you're watching and
peace
