Janos what's up and welcome to another
football video we're going to be
recreating some of the moments from the
last charity match the reason for this
of course it's because guys I am very
excited to announce the return of the
sidemen FC v YouTube also this back
after last year's success at Saint
Mary's Stadium we decided to do another
one but this time in love
we have decided to go with the valley
Charlton Athletic FC Stadium we're going
to almost double the crowd of last time
there are 27 thousand tickets on sale of
course this is the charity so the two
charities we are going for this time are
Charles line and the Charlton Athletic
communicant Roddick I want to see
highlights like this going in front of a
huge crowd and if you're wondering about
tickets they will be on sale next week
Sunday the 19th of March they will be on
sale from 6:00 p.m. you can find out how
to buy tickets where to buy tickets and
also who is playing from the website wwm
NFC comm we want to raise as much money
to charity so please just check it out
thank you guys and let's just carry on
with the video so honestly Manny's goals
one of the best goals in the match the
leads going to get three chances to have
a one-on-one to score Margo's that's
your goal oh god my goal is better
many many many oh it's available many
Memphis
Oh GDP then it's our booth of a war
let's go oh oh well it fits into this up
- ah often on the closet only person in
the home I always gonna have oh oh okay
oh I didn't blame hitter a funny
Oh
let's go oh my gosh
and then the very high on oh yes he's
sending it away as well and he'll still
unsold people out the stencil oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh okay oh oh oh look Harry
John the jacket okay possible train to
London look at the fitted please black
look at the back of the pace offices I
want to know me goes in between turn the
business is not
hahahaha little face meme again under
the pension exciting resolve on you but
one of the other better goes might have
been captured for there is the halfway
line goes we can we get through your
time you can do it however you want you
can you got your hands whatever doing it
again oh he go three yeah I'm sorry what
a cop thank you
can I pick up this oh okay
 it yeah let's : hey speak um Oh
Oh
so the final goal we decided on was my
cross the Toby and totally finished it
so now everyone can have three chances
to finish it from I'll because they're
wanting some okay Hollywood oh come here
oh good yeah Oh bazinga my particular
righty good yeah yeah the sunlight is
blinding my eyes so if I miss anybody
Oh
Oh
whatever I do is up front with Vic we've
out hope it's good that you two books up
we're coming for you
and the
