hi again and me Simon what's up welcome
to the Twitter Q&A I asked you guys to
send in videos and have sex mini bit and
you very much obliged I don't know if
I'm in shot right now
hey you guys didn't realize by the way
I'm away right now I'm in Boston with JD
& poby so yeah that is why there may not
be a video tomorrow I'm really watch out
my schedule yeah but you'll see tomorrow
under the question - my question is what
are we going to give this gym
progression takes all the fangirls are
dying over here to do gym progression
tix to have to be a progression of going
to the gym I don't know if you can tell
but I ain't going to the gym at
literally posting pictures every single
day of me looking the same
why is your username always stimpy and
all the games yeah well your diversity
anyway the reason I'm called Stimpy in
games is literally just because my dad
used to call me Symbian it's kind of
like a name that they've never ever ever
taken my dad called me Stimpy my brother
called me stinky is just just let's just
move on
eels time in any of the tide when it
would be adopted which one do you think
would be the way the thing is for me
I've met most of the side members I
think I met all of them I mean there's
no doubt that Harry is his mum's son
becomes a look at him Ethan and his mom
are very alike Josh and his mom are very
alike I haven't met Toby Sarah's too
much so I wouldn't really go as far as
say Mara like because I don't know but I
don't know I think I think me or Vic
maybe I don't know
well I'm such a big head also I'm not
that table II I was saying I'm not like
fat cuz it's cut so obviously counts
really proud all Sarah or anything hit
honey single what you proud of your
girls
ha ha ha ha ha see we did that
see this guy's felt my pain using a tear
in his eye can you show us the
representation of what you look like
when the songs Jupiter comes on I don't
even know what the song deep for it is
so I'm not going to give you a visual
representation finally you'll see my
first reaction to it mad sing snappy
daddy better make me home me fuck me
my son will of the people I want to eat
so kick when I can't fuck for my nail
mama pick it up the top pick
how do you pick a dick off a chopstick
now wide open mouth wide open but it's
so cheap paint be my party now I can't
even I can't dance long that's enough of
that so sorry
out of all of the Marvel characters he
would do much because I'm up to add five
men all right so I have to compare the
sidemen to Marvel characters okay so I
think the first up we're gonna go with
Josh okay now I'm gonna say because he
has a beard and because these are so old
I'm gonna go with Wolverine Tobey is
going to be Captain America because I
don't think Captain America ever kills
anybody
I think he uh knocks them out but he's
like you know he's realistically like
the nicest superhero
sorry Toby is useless okay there's going
to be the beast from x-men for obvious
reasons because it's favorite colors
blue Vick is a mr. fantastic from the
Fantastic Four because I feel like first
he's a scientist
secondly I feel like if it could do
anything he'd grow so you know mr.
fantastic can obviously stretch so that
doesn't only a bit Ethan is the thing I
think I'd give Harry groups from
guardians of the galaxy because he
doesn't really say much
kind of like Harry but instead of the
word group
which that all the character says I'd
replace it with Harry saying the word ye
and then it's just me uh you know what
I'm thought he's awesome mom or some
demigod we say no you want the musical
war a nothing like bullying some kids I
found my one question is who takes the
longest in the bathroom in the segment
help me JD and Georgia all very
allegedly bathroom goers but JJ takes
the piss then excuse the pun officers
and asks what are you taking another the
first one is oh no I'm very sorry Minnie
last joshan even this is the first one I
I can't explain it
let's just move on the last picture I
haven't taken it but this is the last
picture in my photo real yeah I don't
really know what that is so let's just
leave with it yeah yeah to take it in
around my shoulder firstly great song
Sarah collisions new song called me out
you can check out and just make sure you
check it out by the EP secondly worse
rumor I've heard about myself I'm not
going to say anything about this really
let's just say I'm not going on Twitter
for a little while okay some of you will
get that might make early summer
genetics probably all the fact that you
keep pulling it back so far the whole
time and you're probably pulling out
Javier oh don't don't play with it don't
be dishonest
hey still no understanding this logic
yeah I got it back in the brother oh oh
okay this is already a hashtag
apparently so yeah this I don't know how
it's made it into the video hey they
know like a good knockout Hey yes hello
I wish Mountain Dew made you feel like
that all I've got is Bhavik cut your
fruit
and ain't none like a good bit of avec
ma no come on I'll be back this one's a
little bit personal but I figured would
come out at some points I may as well
just ask it let me guess
do I have a girlfriend so what is your
favorite color well I know he did that
curve ball
Dred my favorite color is red my Simon I
wanted to know do you have any pet
peeves and if you do have any were they
my biggest pet peeves are the two things
one of them doesn't really make sense
it's stupidity but the second pet peeve
is oh my god this pet peeve loud eaters
I'll now understand how you don't close
your mouth when you're eating ability to
make you eating something like crackers
into sound like you're trying to choose
soup if you had to change your YouTube
channel name
what could you change it to all right
well that's a good last questions and
then if I had changed my name's anything
else apart from mini-mental you know
what if I could change it to anything I
would literally just change its
assignment that you guys are watching
that that has been the Siskiyou AI I'm
sorry if it hasn't in the longest video
or whatever but I am away right now as I
said earlier all be restored when I get
back but thank you guys for watching and
please
