I knew he would be worth something 17
taif immerses welcome back dancing we
will go with Seoul merchants we slowed
Bunny and we sold a fitness we're up to
thirty seven and a half thousand coins
again stop comment today was to sell
yaya touré vie de bruyne and sell the
players that I don't use well the
company's played a little about
themselves right now we stopped say
seven a half thousand coins will go
through the club right I'll just sell
already someone has just sold okay
course why we use so we use because all
the yeah we use him cane we don't use
you farm and we don't use you either
don't use Terry but I don't know if he
sells Yaya Tory is the one I've been
told to sell I don't want to sell him
but I have the good news is the top
comment
Giroud we don't use I'll show you the
guys who don't use this could take a
while alright so so far we've already
sold a cardi we sold Terry with
soma-rasa so we're already up to 50k
that we've still got who we got we got
cane for 10k Tory for 20k people that
miraculous arruda was going to sell
pretty quick so we'll have quite a lot
coins by the end of the episode we need
the coins because de bruyne does cost
it's about 80k I mean him a nutter
in our team will be pretty mad so this
is the theme that we use in we have two
spaces now because it's got really Yaya
Torian someone else so I can't remember
that's how much I care about my players
say we were placed on a giant water with
de Bruyne you know we got an 88 rate
there we can play up to that 89 rate it
was what an 89 goalkeeper I don't know
who else is to get maybe like a square
or hazard although agüero's like 200k
stupid I ain't happening done to my last
time we had a great episode we won two
out of two I believe and now if we come
into attitude again we are safe in the
division I'm not holding my breath and
we can with 1 out of 2 that's good
enough for now question is what teams
are we going to face because as soon as
the k5 at the back you little prick
alright we're into the game let's go ok
we're just we need to displace smart we
played very smart last time I enjoyed
that play where is my defense he's gonna
it's no he's not not no no not today
ye and frickin Chris Smalling is a solid
partnership see how am I meant to get
past this defense all ok that's that's
that's a good start it's a good start
and
I should have just shot with these and
Hunter hunter sleep please going up
Hunter hunter Brienne Brienne and bank
Goldman I don't know why you there but I
love you for what what for we have a
game on lads we have a serious game
right now I don't know how to get past
him just like he he doesn't jump into
any bank of people's pickles what's that
are you like are you're really making me
wonder if you even have feet come on
come on come on you know what I get
across and no get the rebound
okay message you are left footed you
look footage well I know you never shoot
in real life but we still have a lot of
shootings back and there it is halftime
we're winning one nil good enough so far
right now I'm in I'm in the dominating
State let's just hope we can stay there
and get second than a third and then a
fourth bring on them cos Arwa bring it
on bring on tackle that's why I thought
Commons on point run one right now run
wait okay turn in and then turn back out
an intern of kid knows that that touch
wasn't that wasn't he anywhere what I
meant is I was just a horrible touch Oh
God so you know what it's fun stuff but
I thought I was in so the winning cuz
all are on a run cuz all up please
please please please
I don't know if he was even on see why
he was on side because we would have
called it by now come on now come on now
please trip what's up where's my players
they all done for visiting
come on message can you put the ball in
I don't know can you okay we don't need
to find we do need to find oh yes do it
in hey so it's a flop all my days that
was such a slow header what the fuck how
did he get a shot off here like I know
it was ahead of me but Monterey al like
all you have to do is just put your foot
out horses are gonna start going wrong
in a second they're gonna all start just
fucking up in a second we have Allen
left six minutes
Coleman's do a bit still common common
place
but finds us fine as long as there's a
lot of there's a boy on school 87-minute
pass it and then just just keep the ball
just just don't lose the ball don't lose
the ball one way out please
ah please please please get to him rocky
pup give it no no no that doesn't go oh
the fruitcakes gone gone gone in such
quick so that's it we've done it we've
won our first game
I'm so happy right now told you man
Coleman man and a match okay hunter
didn't get a goal we got two goals under
seven and a half get back and we got an
assist for hunter that's a number
somehow okay Pat we deserved it we
deserved the win like two points away
from staying in the division to
seven-and-a-half k-pax this is the
assist Pat sorry it's not rare total
Mejia and Clare whore you two can go in
the club because you will be used I'm
just going to start quick selling other
stuff another nun really you mad trash
whore that was a trash horror we're up
to 50 mm we're going back into game food
this could secure our placement division
and put us potentially five points away
from promotion with four games left see
here's the issue message is a little bit
tired camp is a little tighter than the
home gonna play after this episode
because we have drink water to fill in
one but we don't have another set of mid
now so you guys need to let me know who
to get I know we're getting deployed but
I'll hold them just yet
and are we gonna play - Bruin as a
sentiment or we can play them as a cam
and what are we going to do how are we
going to work the formation let me know
but now we got Ratchford up for an
economist a peon with under Smalling
this time we still would keep in common
I was going to play better in but
Coleman Plymouth we got men of actually
staying let's see your team mate yet
okay he's got a legend on loan no and he
put two squad builder challenges so God
can see if ie Butland
okay got a very similar thing to mine
here we go let's keep the ball play
smart smart play and we win and there's
a first goal for Mooney
oh my Dave Rooney's amiss from there
look we're playing triangles and it
works we please play smart and it really
freakin works and then then we just
can't get past that loss why are you
pausing it this isn't a draw
you don't leave good players off and
then bring him on nice nice nice nice
nice
no no no ohh all gone and then slam in
and but continue okay Willa think we
need to hear you want to talk talk come
on I'll plug my headphones in just for
you seriously you're not talking now you
little shy video why do you left
Oh Rochefort Rochefort goals done
there's one grab just put my headphones
in to hear you and you're not talking to
me huh faucet antek touch and for that
okay I want you to pick a touch but you
wouldn't fucking go towards the blob
yeah yeah you think I'm turning in but I
wouldn't do that to you I wouldn't do
that to Baal hunts our fucking score you
shit this girl's edges going embezzling
yeah yeah oh my days get rid of them
karma I'm genuinely sorry son come back
here come back yeah we all know what
okay well I should I didn't read that
one
I didn't read like the three turn
Santa's just storming around
he's just storm in yes go go go go go
miss Duffy go okay nice a nice rest of
we can just run if we just run what
stuff fuck all right thanks there we go
there we go there we go
come on just because it's about to be
the 45th minute we got stranger than ze
man
why did that not go over him I mean
we're winning I'm definitely not
comfortable he's brought on the lead
Claire Ruth well Ruth face will receipt
I'm not gonna savoury because that
sounds like the troll he's just a weirdo
realistically he's gone you know what
bang there's a lot of potential in this
move a lot of potential bang and then
turn out he's reading everything well
he's reading it reeling very very well
like a proper like a brown level if he
does school with him am i insulted or am
i happy to the lead player scored it's
really worked actually this is actually
a great move on to the keys howdy
tonight so look a backflip run Rushford
run okay I don't know why I went so far
wide pop nice
bang and that is Paul nice we've tossed
it back I think that he'll turn around
Matich I'm very disappointed in you
message you literally could have just
turned around and you would have had a
free shot turnout turnout common
football in madam match man-of-the-match
performance we're even we're even okay
though though he's been toying with me
he's been toying with me no no no no no
I wanna go home let me go home yeah we
did it two out of two baby we've
qualified for the freakin division with
staying in the division record with the
man of the match we only got one goal
that's only one 5k path I'm just gonna
make it seven architects about what the
5k pack two wins and I am promoted two
wins out of four okay all one win two
draws that's good enough but I want to
go over two wins if I can win my next
game in the next episode then we're in a
very good position but now we have to
open a seven and a half K pack another
freaking mom rare player just a ban you
know just didn't get anything good we're
going to do this quick submit squad
that's eleven players gone I know these
pack the normally rubbish but we're
doing it now and hopefully we can get
something better than we've got so far
today oh I can't I can't even use them
can't even sell them we just suddenly
went up to 63 K we've so Larry came for
10k guys if y'all Cerritos we straight
away we've got Detroit the cheapest ones
at 81 K and that is a cat 81k let me
know what you want me to do with the
formation whether you want me to have em
as a percent a mid how you want me I
could change the formation entirely let
me know what we've won another two games
in a row that's all for today now you
guys for watching and please
