yo guys what's going on and welcome to
another 5050 reddit challenge I am
joined today with Manny why are you
Manny I'm great question yeah yeah you
good
but yeah I'm so captain Aizen you did
Manny okay so I'd beat Tobey money now
I'm beating you
we're doing the ready 50/50 challenge
first of five points wins and you're
going first
when I say you're going first we're both
going first but I'm going to read the
question okay so obviously I'm ready to
finish the challenge you get two options
one of them will normally be safer work
for movie not-safe-for-work we have to
guess which one that it will be and then
we both click we react to it and you
know the rest of it okay so Manny do you
think we're gonna see a matador get
gored in the face or a busty girl
washing car with her joke obviously I
think it's gonna be a fun girl all right
Manny so you're saying the Busby girl
washing car with her jugs uh-huh find
out if you're right in three two one oh
my gosh oh my that is disgusting old and
I get on quick I'm getting yeah Camille
was the one going for a sake no horrible
I'm not sleeping tonight man in his
eyeball I don't want to I'm not clicking
back on that stuff again lay back in his
eyeball pee
all right so my turn man Daisy Ridley
playing with the dog so know who that is
neither do i lion killed buffalo and
removed unborn fetus and then he's dead
see that one's best specific if it was
just lying kills Buffalo and eats it I
would've said that one I'm going with
Daisy Ridley baby food one yeah the hell
was Daisy like with all due respect who
I use that means that I don't know it's
like Daisy Ridley
again Manny says one Nils Nate you think
it's going to be a tonsillectomy gone
wrong or husky belly rub I think it's
just a case of 9 with the internist it's
gonna be stupid so I'm going with the
husky belly well I you think it'd be two
dogs in a row three you still with me
no oh one of the cells grown every grunt
on home improvement man's brain or man's
brain is grayed out
with the UM go to every grunt I saw open
room it was a different show bro
what am I want you it's 14 minutes I'm
stopping I'm starting to question my
existence of getting to intrigues of
that I was right now that's awesome rock
concert or mega therapy ah maggot
therapy you can make it there me huh so
what it's maggot therapy follicles
getting through are my skin's crawling
ah
boy there's two one row done zombies in
the streets of RC or cute micro pig if
you micro pig I feel like anything
that's supposed to be cute people pick Q
by grouping suite 105 no no it's making
me feel uneasy
yeah I gotta run I don't run that gun
for number nine ten people shot to death
but that's a safe for work or a sniper
blow the guy's head off not super what
my prop glows the guy's head off alright
three two one that's a sniper gun yeah
yeah oh my god what because I said not
safe or workers were away exactly is
there an end to this other than it has
ever ends Oh a she G McDavid hade oh
wait it's ten people no I think it
dependable I think it was the ten people
shot to death and I was ten but you got
out wrong man I've got so excited uh can
we move on please
yeah it's still to one man largest penis
or a dog protective goes I hope that
it's man likes a penis but I'm gonna go
with dog protects go oh my gosh that's
definitely blood
that's definitely definitely blur you
know what maybe if I blur it enough it
might look like a dog's specific you
know I didn't give me like that I
thought it'd be like you know in someone
to the find so lighter and it fucking
just like like so are for fire money do
you think a lion attacks a leopard tiger
battle in the wild or a cute dog eats a
tiny burrito
that's understand easy a cute dog I
thought leader either having your eyes
up we'll never know do you think a
Japanese man yodeling in German -
chicken
nope backing track you know what I think
I've seen this advert that's legal
caught in a bag so who died and was
hanged as the fag became snagged on a
barbed wire fence I feel like it the
first one the first one I'm pretty
certain I've seen this that's to all
appeal of in Prime Minister huge
disgusting thunder or I'm going with the
poppy loving Prime Minister because I
don't want to see the other one oh that
was horrible
I click straight off that's gross wait a
second click on the puppy loving moment
I see huge disgusting by my blister what
do you see right now you see a puppy
love improvidently right no I lost it oh
no wait now I'm seeing a huge disgusting
what's going on ok you know what we're
moving on I won't take the point
cosplayers dressed up as um B versions
of Disney characters what monkey gets a
pole stuck up look closely you're
getting constantly this today the lead 3
- Oh Martha that's how you can spend
weekend Japanese tourists for dances Oh
penguin is raped by only in my mind I
can't even fathom the thought of a
penguin being raped by a seal so I'm
gonna go to Japanese tourists I'm gonna
steal raping penguin oh mike each proper
game for it haha why is this allowed all
the Penguins aren't even helping the
Penguins are just watching this is mad
no I'm off for Martha Martha mob em gir
album dedicated Unto Dawn character
Ashley's ass or a scene from until dawn
of Ashley getting a head torn off Erica
the first one it brings more curiosity
let's go 3 2 1 both write an album
dedicated to her there are some weird
people understand Sam well am i clicking
load more images while I scroll is cat
oh oh man eat bullshit curiosity man
eats horseshit
yeah yes right here yes eat it eat it
eat it eat it eat it eat eat eat it yeah
I was thrill stunning black lingerie or
grandma being set on fire on her
birthday
bars lingerie birthday grandma being set
on fire birthday had to be stunning
black lingerie who's a grandma can you
not see she looks ha ha ha and she fire
yeah I'm machine see it looks like very
basic lingerie a hundred staple
challenge or cool magnet and staple
tricks cool mag your nose you only went
with that cool trendy don't be mad
bullshit all right go for it go oh my
god staple challenge oh my god get bored
for a second that's horrible
whatever are you doing when we told you
wave put it in my boys all white people
are my boys you have to choose between
man who beat pac-man or a man who treat
Oscar well a man just able horseshit so
I don't think the Horde come will be far
off I'm gonna go for that
yeah you're wrong buddy I don't even
want to watch the like not the right
sounds like one of the most boring
things everything right I don't I just
don't care about that strange ugly guy
and of course you had looks working with
Shaq's gears reporter it's gotta be Shaq
I'm clicking it and it's gonna be Shaq
yeah I know that is it that is predatory
right so it's four three to me we're
going from a scene from B movie or a
scene from P movie I like being the rate
I'm gonna go over seeing from Bheema
three two one boom ah ah hey baby oh
that video that we did where I told you
that one time when I was younger I went
to toilet you peed in your mouth
oh yeah kind of by accident one day
we're gonna go - ha ha ha
I'll call gone wrong or a song about an
injured chicken I really hope it and
then to show here beer I'm going to say
ninja chicken just because I want to win
with a song about ninja chicken this
this will be my victory anthem it is 3 2
1 it's the surface of my victories oh my
gosh I've lost if you love sting goodbye
you say one thing right now
Fusion noses are now with the boycott
capital I study in English now and you
should all buy my fans I look in my eyes
at you about to be messy people clicking
that time
oh my god oh my god
genuinely ninja
unsilent question my sanity go chicken
go sighs amazing I'm now gonna just
listen to Sarah places new songs films
II the chicken Minges Holly no you see
the description this says come back and
see it fumble around Australia along
with Takeo ishi the most famous chicken
yodeler in the world it's a fake like
that is the same guy I'm trying to
experienced it maybe that's where a
chicken legend came from nice to do it
hope you love it exactly yo u Co beeper
while you lost like him so you maybe ah
that's what that's over the railing 50
gusta challenge
thank you very much man you for coming
along and playing the game see you later
kaki make sure you check out my new
channel in the description I'll leave a
link to it in the top line of the
description thanks for watching and
please
