guess what I'm doing yeah that's right
I'm doing the fattest drop I'm full of
banter today last time we did the bull
dis draft now we're doing the Harriers
drop
hence my oh okay the Terramax mouth this
is gonna be a horrible horrible drop and
yes before you ask I am a pirate see a
shit sheds an exile I'm sorry if I'm a
little bit muffled okay I'm just
honestly a very big beard Laureus it
when josh can only dream of anyways
we're going to drop the person with the
most hair on their heads and feet and
hair is the player we have to choose so
let's go formation whatever let's just
go with that one alright Harriet's
player oh hi mate oh you are the worst
but you have the most hair so welcome
aboard man I definitely isn't a pirate
drop this is just a fucking hairy drop I
can talk normally his hair is taller
than Williams yeah calahonda Llorente is
a good beard Lorentz AIDS got more on
his head
that's a Madsen and oh my god you're
wait wait wait what wait a question
right now is who has more hair hazard
Royce over an alto and another why guys
there's only one way to sort this
snapchat who has more hair and now those
Roy all-hazards because none ease out
and says Neymar who has more tweet me
well I'm really not popular no one is
tweeting me okay we're going straight to
Twitter now I'm just gonna take a
picture of this Ronaldo Ronaldo it's
Ronaldo we get a freakin Ronaldo God
tour and yet to come in and really I
could add a cruise oh that's a lot of
hair and he said damn it alright this is
a tough one who has more hair cuz I'm
talking like in total head and fakes who
has more hair are those to tweet me
quick Filipe luís Filipe luís Filipe
luís welcomes a PK it's got more I'm
sorry Rommel something good
he's going over here but if we add on
the little beard as well I think
Dragovich as it montoya welcome he
doesn't have that much on his head but
again the beard okay so all I need is
that amid and a set about all summer you
can't beat someone can you three
yo mate he just got too much fucking
facial hair ah you have some tall hair
bald bald bald bald Skywalker I think Oh
de Bruyne has more than chateau de
bruyne have some on the sides I've seen
before in a person he has more service
is very shaved on the sides Podolski's
very short hair sorry any mask quite a
bit reserved but I think the boring
edges it perhaps it custom to wear
without cephalic yoga fuck I've got that
I see em look like a bit of a beard I
think mersen's actually more hair could
we go down the slide and sidon you stop
here I think it's Martin Gaby a Dini or
Burma
I mean that's pretty fucking well Thomas
shit or Baldy see I might I hadn't him
in the ball won't even use him but it's
close to seeing him and cover shit I
don't see colleges his hair you know
what you guys be mad at me if I don't
use and cover Church here we go a sling
like last and I guess I think that will
love and I know it's missing a bit here
severely Goulding shape fine oh I have
to go I have to go to Twitter I have to
go to the oh here we go here we go Messi
Messi Ramos messy messy messy messy
messy probably elbow I saw a lot of
messy my court choice bet you have a lot
of hair George best had a lot of freakin
hair guys I think I'm gonna have to
stick with this team here I'm gonna
bring George best on instead of Lorenzo
probably I don't know we'll have to see
de bruyne investing votes gonna come on
that's that's how it's gonna go final
position is obviously the managers or
some hair he's close okay we'll take him
just a cap just there my vision is
slightly impaired because this fire the
screen is like cut off by the beard
whoa people Renato it's got George best
you've got Marcellus what is this okay
this guy is a time to focus
come on but no I was other absolutes and
priority things but I keep forgetting
we're not pirate we wouldn't steal a
fucking goal with you huh Oh beautiful
Ronaldo oh and one nil that was so
fucking beautiful
all right it's a dangerous position for
a free-kick note let's not let's not do
this and jump okay
well with absolutely phenomenal I cannot
get about quite well and there's another
go straight from kickoff I know I
complain about it a lot but it's working
for me Oh how's he going to
is that who love football Suarez Wow the
team in year's Laura Stephens going that
was chill let's chill difficult yeah
really important to get serious the
fucking hot under here every time every
time the frickin every time it's fun
it's always from kickoff that's good
three thousand kickoff and yeah I can't
guess English or else I'll get going
oh oh please
there it is straight from his kickoff no
what is another goal is that too much to
ask
is that really too much to ask ah no no
okay I didn't actually mean shoot I'm
gonna be a fake shot final chance
oh I don't get another chance okay for
two up I'll take it I just really want
him to quit because my face is so itchy
come back here come back here haha sorry
what
all right Leah now is away freaking team
of the Year Leonel alright yeah yeah
yeah and there's oh my god
oh my god there was you see how many
players there was that there was so many
players forward run on now long run
oh no okay okay
luckily it's over now though what was
there we go it's it's over it's it's
over now did I make clear later you know
what next next opponent on to the next
round
oh he got a move Iniesta though ball be
yours if you make it into my team I feel
so weird because I felt like I've got
like a muscle on my face I need to talk
even louder because of this fucking
beard and bang there's one such as Team
of the Year and Aldo OH
we've gone out wide I don't know I don't
know why I got why don't score crosses
but I mean paws it love it oh my shit
no no one ever school so shot alright
here we go here we go liya no liya no
liya no fast lights - Ronaldo play it to
his fucking feet mate what's wrong with
you la ha Vaness isn't it messy it's
Team of the Year messy or turnin and for
now
I don't know you are I'm sorry Lorenzi
but George best is coming on and
supposed to Brian I think I'm touring
off at the brine de Bruyne already get
involved already getting up look at the
party tune as well it's just beautiful
it's beautiful okay Hassan - no I'm - no
not as long as I'm winning like I can't
complain gonna you know be so jokes is
if I'd literally just over dub this and
I'm not even saying anything right now
like this I'm not actually talking right
now but I'm pretending to talk and just
nodding my head alone all right
second half what are we is he just
warning you bro
so cheeky between pricey oh is that the
brain it's the brain
three-nil that's why and he's got love
hair look at bah
why can't he just quit calm down yeah we
all read that we all knew you were going
to go for the inside and then back out
go on Georgie Georgie Porgie pudding
them I went for a lot I just went for a
lot of Reno in the 77th minute why are
you not playing more attacking when it
would it would it yes
and then George I should have just taken
why did I not expect oh yeah I feel like
I always have a game where I kind of
just you know I'm winning three nil it's
like I just lose a bit of consistency
and then you know like my consistency
goes yeah come on now yeah well 85th
minute
please I need a break from this bitch
please can you just quit you know what
let's just officious look he fouled me
as well did you see that file for Neil
Felipe Luisa scored against these are
some signs of his League there we go it
entered thank you that's Graham - done -
winds out of - come on I want to get
past this round please all right there's
the Ranma normally loser and okay so a
legend Ronaldo you're horrible game I'm
genuinely stressing guys like no cuz I'm
nervous because my face is so hot here
we go here we go
you know what bring it across what
that's why that's why he's a freakin
inform that's why people actually choose
him edge to touch and bang one why was
that so far why what please pause I get
exact and smash why oh I can't talk in
this game because it's just it's not
that much happening then
and just crosses it but Saul is what's
all this game is Tim getting the ball
and then eventually just getting across
him and then I've run up the pitch I can
try and play nice football and it
doesn't work oh no no no no no no no no
no no no okay
a dick oh we won't bring Llorente off
yeah we're going to take tour and office
of the prime Laurentiis I'm aiming at
you that's not Lorenzo not wasn't the
rent a G I mean he's got one shot and it
wasn't even on target the simple fact is
I shouldn't lose this game but I might
write this bit to fit in the chart and
then cross it and oh you see that effort
he put in Gomez oh my god that was that
was like the perfect run come on the
rent a you know what it's Lorenzi he's
been formed Wow
that's why supply didn't stop him off oh
here we go again
yeah and then you're gonna pop it in you
need from the fixture that way Ronaldo's
stepping up I hold a shocking Patty and
I'm back to square one oh I work so hard
for my goal and then he fucking gets a
cupid penalty please Ronaldo please
what is that run your fucking Ronaldo
Team of the Year on what chemistry like
some mad chemistry and you're playing
like that please please please
he's blend whistle oh my god okay we're
gonna have to make a self-learning so
you've been good and everything but I'm
sorry it's George best time oh and this
is one fucking shit on our second shot
and target any sore throat where is my
attack how is this how is this on
attacking how the fuck rare come on
oh my god it's a straight red that was
mad oh my god and yet of course he's
just gonna run with frickin Ronaldo
there yeah and then he's gonna yep drill
it back why there okay okay hard time he
didn't score but I have to go all out
fat before more at what and smack it
cross how is he save that and that come
out oh my god
yeah yeah yeah we have important fucking
food that is shoot oh my god how likely
is that some fucking bounce back to him
like out of everyone's about back there
mean I have a choice
there I have been George Festus doesn't
want to score any cancer this straight
Suzanne why does his one from Street to
him yeah man one falls straight to the
goalie oh my god why can't I get plus
it's round like in all honesty why can't
I actually a posture drowned there is I
just I just can't get past a semi-final
I'm losing to people who I work for me
like I know they are worse than me a
hundred percent tweet me what you want
me to do next okay because I'm going to
carry on doing these like holdest
hairiest somebody who fat is tall this
small this whatever let me know I'll do
it and one of them is going to click and
I'm going to win the draft this is the
first sight it wasn't a walkout so quick
celebrity on the second one jumbo
premium gold pack what we get absolutely
nothing oh my god okay so walk out
please please be worth it the reef okay
you know what we all walk out that is
all for today for the hairiest draft
thank you guys for watching have a great
day
let me know on Twitter what you want me
to do next thing water and poop
