with a whopping 97 like the top comment
I could see was to save up to 50 K and
by Courtois I assume that is because
Butland has become an pile of uttered
cow dung gonna be dung as Nessman be cow
poop I just said Cal penis nevermind the
second most liked comment that I could
see anyway was to sell Sahni and
Sterling and to get ma hsiao a left wing
to left forward conversion and then play
them up front so I don't really know
what to do with the cave zeus or rash
food or money I'm so sorry and I'll sell
Sterling I mean Tommy is only like you
know 1810 or even that up that's money
lost Oh Kate he's salt and sterling is
became like 2,400 might not lose any
money on him case so those two players
are up and we bring Marshall back we
still have two pairs of the me neo Sacco
Harry Kane Bojan Giroud Terry we have so
many but I need to sell them well this
is the team we're going to use to start
with I'd say she sold straightaway I
hate that so much
oh just realist everyone there and then
if they all sell we should potentially
have 50,000 the theme to focus on now is
division two we play two games last
episode and I've never been that
frustrated maybe sexually but not on
FIFA so we need at least one win today
let's do this
come on team alright he's using the Zed
kit which I think you get for free so my
hope is okay so a lone player this guy
has no idea what he's doing I mean the
team is all right it's not amazing
let's see how good he is come on we need
some hunter goals so we can get the pack
I mean that's obviously the last thing
on my mind right now
oh no okay that's okay Mikal run okay
here we go here we go first attack but
all bellerian viler in and triple that
and that wasn't that wasn't enough that
why didn't it go along the floor I
literally I don't think I could have
pressed it more we still got the
pressure on okay no no because that take
us all are hit the target oh oh what the
fuck was that okay Russia just bring one
please please you have been bitching
goals and with it in because me oppose
and boom go on push it
yes yeah yeah thank you for being nine
foot two fellow runes on a run
we're going on a run these off pass it
back or selaron you know
you little yes father and you little
engine is what I was gonna say how did
he miss this is not so much time and he
is the post and then that that is
glorious I don't really know how I'm to
kneel up here to be honest I'm being
completely honest Peter why didn't it
look less he was an upside
it was who's applied the ball freakin
went backwards you can't be upside Oh
time and we'd tune it up like the thing
is he gets one goal and he's straight
back in it I mean it I seem comfortable
but I am comfortable and yes I had
checked my seat there's nothing on it
okay that's not the reason why
uncomfortableness that's not work is he
brought one you just brought someone on
Lassonde jr. who's that I'm not
comfortable having someone I don't know
no no no no no no I love Tom literally I
was trying to change the right play and
it just wouldn't let me so annoying
because it's just like I just tried
changing to the right place wouldn't let
me what look what okay yeah he's gonna
lay them off and he's gonna be a turn in
no oh if you hadn't think short they
might as good Wow Wow where did that
just come from hello
yep I'm pasta cross and back there we go
at this for hunter just laying you know
tell you what tell you what tell you
what make you know what hunter I'll take
corner I will tell you anything that is
like just in his heart right now I will
take it and so many chances here it's
ridiculous but Oh hunter gonna score
that nice oh oh oh that would have been
so good make type will make tackle I
sweat that's worth something even in
spots that's nice
know what I wasn't myself brilliant
beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful
beautiful a mm1 - the hunters you
deposit about Rushford all I heard do is
not be stupid like genuinely that's
that's it
don't be stupid and I win all Ratchford
with that turn that was a beautiful turn
yah yah that could have been another
pack there we go he wouldn't know that's
the real point for most important thing
so solid all-around performance from the
team he didn't get goal either we got
three goals and an assist so hunter
I don't know buddies this rule actually
wasn't thing it was to assist making
seven and a half day pack so I'm gonna
go with just sobering to certain
archetypes and just count me through the
cysts as a goal I feel like that's a
fair way to do it you know just two of
these seven-and-a-half k-pax come on
hazard a decent size like at 84
that's all Simone you know what any
cells I'm happy so I know 16k is a much
preferred this series 16k is mad we'll
put him up for that and hopefully
yourself please
that's one of our best players that we
got in this series other than Jordi Alba
that's probably the best Santos out he
sells for anything forty seven and a
half thousand coins even we sell which
saw something else we sold Dani Turin
water that's not not the one we have we
have to all right the team is looking
good this all we got Danny drink water
back we give some money cherry comes
back in service kazoo now if we can win
this game
we're on 7 points in full game so we
only need 5 more points in six games
obviously we want promotion but the main
thing is just staying in divisions food
minute all right we have to face Deason
BPL cities called Marshalls are left for
words playing up front so that's that's
what we're looking for those who have
same centre back I want to get a team
like full of 88 to 89 rates players like
we've already got so we're gonna get
caught worth I know who else we can get
that's not too expensive because hazard
it's a lot but we should do it
eventually you know okay is he talking
okay if you're talking this early I
might have to you know I might have to
plug it in you know what I want to hear
this talk to me yeah got ya no no no no
if you watch my series grow let me win
let me win he's talking about how he
watches my series just let me win please
please please
yep oh my god oh my god oh my god are
you serious I'm still wide imagined
really across oh my god how is he kind
of Smalling with the greatest block of
all time you hear oh okay he'll do flame
off him off and add up balls he knows he
just said that's a seven and a half ke
patte we're destroying him but I can't
score going on boom monastery Danny oh
he's got one back he's got one back oh
no just just just Butland
yo you guys hoping to get rid of but
underneath frigging saving things like
that we just get the ball for a second
just please one second oh please oh why
did you do that trick he's an idiot okay
here we go this is it this is it alright
yeah there we go go back and take such a
full three nails done and that's an
assist for hunters I got a goal in this
series got money for charity that's
solid six six show
for on-target three goals i'm guest
right now he's talking about my halfway
line goal he's talking about the frickin
southampton game right now guys
boom take touch still right foot I just
have one yet tamashii ah that was - it
was so obvious it's not foul okay good
where do we go where do we go alright
bang bang that's beautiful
the people spank okay then and then
another hunter and the troubles up and I
wanted an own goal
I don't know why I did that touch your
back and they're back and then hunt us
with the fuckin I was amazing as P as P
and then the triple tap odd
ha job want to go hello yeah I can't
positively oh no no no no no no oh he
just said his aim is to score a goal
against me the coins you guys what you
telling me what to do this isn't a
comment that's not how we do things you
should know the series by now can we
just can we just stop this attack stop
for a sec he just he just wants the
score guys I tried at ride man it's
really are playing having him going gone
get it the main thing is the three point
in the bag to go for Hunter one assist
as well last the two goals for the other
players that's another sin melt so 37.5
k-pax and it's fierce we'll take a seven
hours kpac just could you guys like pack
we can win the next two games in a row
we say to the division then we just need
two more out for to get promoted and we
sold something else as well we've sold
sterling okay well seven and a half
k-pax gone we've exhausted our luck
though today 185 number two there are
say okay getting that walk out enjoy the
album was just the best feeling ever
he final pack here we go nope nothing
good okay we get Johnson over 55,000
Cory's it's time to fight it's wired to
their 36,000 we just buy this one right
now 36,000 done carriers you're getting
sold I'm sorry mate but least ask really
myself like a thousand she means Butland
I'm sorry you were really really good in
that game especially but enter then
ooh quartz wah boom I'd say that's
probably the team that we bought
together and that's freaking me it's a
good team so know who else you want to
improve on maybe another sense amid what
do you guys let me know what you want to
do thank you guys for watching yeah try
to two games mad hey guys watch it and
peace
