you're gonna pop going on our welcome to
another PEO box when you look about hey
I thought you guys said a lot of stuff
this time and yeah I'm going to be going
through it and opening some stuff I'm
sure you guys know the deal by now okay
first one it says please open on camera
thank you the hinge in two Simon this is
from Francesca okay what's so soft it's
so close if Apple's book has and
teachers will plums and the road had a
different name if titers were bears and
fingers with thumbs I love you just the
same mom but I'm joking thanks very much
when you get a toy car this guy's in a
Lambo but it's still pretty lit I get it
because of the flame I mean my dog left
because of that so that's what I'm
saying about a joke sorry hole windy
kids a movie based on your life it's all
swedish fish nerds and sour patch kids
of them as bars and the final thing it
looks know what know why have you got
this why have you got me I mean I'm very
happy but you could have each show meant
to seven on the back I mean thank you
but why I hope this little game makes
you smile I also have it fits and that
you can wear it if you want
thank you so much preciously honestly is
kind of mad that you went through a
separate but thank you so much
alright straight Alison packaged like
this mrs. Eames why we're getting set
another toy budget I got one of these
last times always there's a note I bet
you didn't see this coming that's right
it's another dad bad job I wouldn't be
surprised if you see a third batch of
one day if you have the time so jaded as
bad as you may appreciate it Jamie fuck
you Jamie
Toby do you want a badger even about
just no you don't all the budget you
didn't want to write here good no wait
where you going
wait music please mummy love it kid I'm
sorry Jamie that badger is gone and the
next one is I found a bit whore
wandering in the red-light district she
mentioned she was chucked out of a
window
oh my god if you guys watch my old old
old videos I basically sculpted my own
girl
okay and I threw her out the window she
tries to find her way to your mum's
house but had no not ever since that day
she's been working the streets that only
her memory of you in the form of a
compact did I thought it was best that
she was returned to you and hope that
she can have a second chance
dancy okay I can't get this why is the
music from the Titanic and all the
things on the back of scratch now except
my heart will go on not I'll only those
are the people that I see it the kind of
people that are like picking up on the
old jokes and making fun of me oh my god
first aid for allergy to women after
first dose her nagging will turn to
sweet music her giggles will come more
bearable
she will love watching football I just
don't know if I want to try this not
allowed into women again hashtag top
tweezer that's definitely not met with
me okay so that's what was most likely
meant for me and some mad drawings as
well sorry these are bad that'll pass I
mean there's like a hundred billion tons
better than I could do Simon hi again
it's me I didn't know what to send you
but I hope you like it from Keira open
your mascara
oh it's like Queens I was a Dutch
Caribbean Saba
knowing - I didn't know where that was
hello so I watched your videos and read
the assignment but all of them agree I
have one request to be can you come to
the Caribbean sub up from Fabian and I
will look it up and I will try and find
out where it is and then potentially yes
I will start saving now enjoy your gift
from Dan feet why you can't see
everywhere and if you don't see I know
it's not gonna be nice there's an Ozzy
logo on here so no adult Hitler mind
camp my struggle am I really going to
read a book about Hitler dad what are
you doing to me and Jason you as if I
actually read it
wait I know is mine this is mine
attracting another one of my toys no
Google badges i silent again first of
all please try Turkish pepper some other
candy I send you some Danish candy
before but I think you open up a package
when your camera died here in more
Danish a me now please open the package
in your video okay well I'm hoping this
recording right now here kiss ever we
also get price sama and spunk you send
me a spunk I know this is probably just
chewing gum but you so nice pumpkin as a
tail but yeah I'm hoping my blog I'll
get on try one of these day rip here
bumps oh wow howdy Valentine's Day love
from Kerry Murray well that's just a
mess clean over on camera there's quite
a few of these or in this like a piece
of clothing is it a t-shirt is it a
plane
no it's the t-shirt is a t-shirt what is
the backspace so I meant book store - ah
ah Simon book tour
good time I would put down but I just
saw this on okay the only reason
carbecue
bamboo ones um no no crunchy crisp
flying termite why well having sent a
quick kit the genuine quick it don't
smoke there's Lisa thanks me NHS but I'm
good
oh no extra conditioning semi-permanent
color brown black okay so you want to go
back to normal is what you said
from king semi with a whole lot of
magnetized cards as long as there better
be some lead player there no no leave
please
well legal business from Le what's in
here oh it's a drawing
Simon hmm a mentor there I am with my
slippery with golf with friends yeah
thank you very much that is but he shot
from Detroit pure Detroit Detroit City
Detroit a baby Detroit dear fun thanks
for making me smile and laugh when I'm
stressed or upset with what's going on
in my life la you're never be coming to
Detroit I want you to give you a little
piece of it so you can remember me and
Eminem because you know he's from here
Detroit baby you Columbus kaname not I
mean I'm down it's just he's a lot more
talented than me so I don't know about
that Danijela crow II thank you very
much we have original Chocolate Chunk
bite-sized cookies so you guys really
want me to get fat what is this oh my
God why are you so via lens why have you
sent me a lens with a wig it's Allen's
mug it's only Allen's mug for the wig
inside well I'm putting this on am i oh
yeah now my chocolate for me I get it
because I have written a pineapple numb
their chocolate pineapple that's not
healthy thank you very much
I mean oh I've divided sorry I'm not
putting number I've got I've got red
strands of it I've got red hair going to
the 3 a.m. left I'm still sending it to
you because it made me giggle a little
deeper the way you intended you want to
go between the redheads that see a look
and your usual file from Natasha look at
that picture
that is amazing why does it joy that
favor across the road it got stuck in a
crap why didn't miss okay you messed
that one why did the bicycle for low
buzz it was too tired I mean it's not
Christmas but candy canes okay I'm sure
they'll last until Christmas okay we
have the biggest parcel yet
don't know if I can really you know pull
off these kind of sleeves at the moment
but you know maybe once I come to the
gym we also get bit
oh my god I do this to the football
challenge kangaroo brand Vegemite yeah
I'm trying to get the Australian cents
right now
Adelaide Crows Guernsey AFL football
protocol Vegemite Ianto add lots of
butter add a tiny scrape to the toast
thank you very much really I will you
know what I've actually been thinking
like I might do a video in one of these
I'm surprised we can't pumped up as well
what do you what No there's no you know
I'm in the dog over on the camera please
okay there we go
okay an Irish drinking cap always going
to fill bottle open on it carry an Irish
milk chocolate I actually smell bangin
and some spuds bar Irish potato crisps
in milk chocolate
well oh um so my camera ran out of
battery but since then I basically got
this which is apparently for for a hand
wash only and some doughnut erasers
because apparently just told people to
send oh no oh no the car yeah Cody and
Elena thank you very much
so now we are coming to the end also the
toddler that I tried apparently equal to
meant that he kids they sent it because
they didn't like it
Bailey Preston please exchange
full-sized large or refund it's not
possible label oh I like that
thank you very much Bailey again I will
change but you know who to change one
and inside this one we have a lab rat no
run out this one well they were frog
what I'm a frog indigo what's in here
the gold keyring SD Ln let's see and an
Australian souvenir collection
thank you very much lower whoever was
employer I can't find your name but
thank you and we get another t-shirt for
the 26th of January it was Australia Day
when it's instantly freezes but you know
what it's from Rachel this is apparently
a hint to go to Australia great land
down under it's an Australian Ephesian
who this monk well I'm trying to plan an
Australian trip soon so hopefully I will
be in Australia soon yeah that's all
today playing everyone watching thank
you for sending stuff in thank you for
everything yeah I'm good day
peace
