hi guys Simon 87 and I'm not really mean
anyway
welcome to the bull draft as you can
tell I'm clearly bull ignore the line
we're going to be doing the draft and we
have to choose the player with the least
amount of hair if they are drawing on
the hair on their head we will go to
their face so if there's a bull food and
a bull do with the beads we're going to
go to just the standard Bulls dude let's
jump straight into the drop come on but
we got four three three attack here we
go bold players give me okay Benzema at
them all all friends more pyar hai has
less facial hair but you know he has the
little the little crisping Benzema you
know I can I can see the shape of his
head we go on with Benzema yes Robin
it's clear I mean Secchia looks like
he's wearing a wig but Robin is into the
team that's a pile of lens I mean lens
lens just have some odd shaped head I'm
going to go to PI just realize we have
no chemistry okay doesn't matter damn
you can take here's a little bit less
hair than Hamza campus gives a little
bit art can say clearly at the least
he'll that don't work in terms of
formation here we go give me some
baldies a Baldy and I kiss Meg I mean
well done guys you have good hair but
gonzo
you got so you're the least out of
everyone leather Lee Evandro kata yes or
less we've got our Father back hairline
just give me a bald BP I left back
definitely no trim Elena's there's a
team Luda and one rail one way out isn't
as high even though he's got more on the
side of it we'll go I'm on route not
doing this just for chemistry okay I
genuinely think it might have been him I
am Karen this one will go for Dustin
maximovich is he's balding clicks got
bald side of the head killing score that
ellie goulding you know that one side
shaved look we go with max it of it
shrine or Oriya Andoria has facial hair
so what's going with Klein bravas
hairline is the worst really maybe got
nice brother greener brain has won it
brain of congrats if we can't we can
always swap him out and he'll link with
max in with it pblpblpblpbl
oh that's not excusable this their Gasol
has got more hair on his head but
someone has the beard but it's bull
Turin well done I don't got any proper
light I want some proper baldies shinai
ders almost there but he's not quite
Oh Marni would have been sick we have to
go for gorillas don't we he's little
definitely gotta leave his name is Baldy
guys do we take the Baldy or do we take
KC I'm taking him just cuz he's cool
fall day
massive head group group glow skirt none
of them are going to play anyway so now
next player inset pool except one of me
right-click Wadden you can you make into
sleep when your has a bigger forehead oh
yeah and the final player for today and
to end the team presence when it ah
Albers good but we have to take the
baldies let me see what I can do with
this team I mean this is a team we're
gonna have to go with we're gonna bring
on cater Robin and we'll bring on Baldy
a xylitol you know special weapon I know
he's not bald
his name is Baldy now we just got the
manager and we are who's the most bought
with notable no no no what you a one six
three so I don't know how well this is
gonna go guys alright let's go you pull
the headed head team actually you've got
mangola I could use man corner
y'all-y'all torii as well these are the
players that I could have got I just
wanna I mean I didn't have a chance
together alright here we go come on bald
team well okay he wants to give me the
ball straight way I don't know what this
guy's planning no no come on power of
the bald alright there we go there's the
first goal let's go and bomb gamsol
finish it how would you not all you have
to do is destroy your body in the way
but goalies on a run so coolly always
wrong plus one and if you get her always
fucking dropped info see he is a true
balding he's gonna be bit to me oh my
god oh my god oh my god get the post
twice I can literally just dribble round
him like this lame off and thank if I
take extra touch
they look this is the last day this is
all I have to do and then we just lay
them off wait no what look why am I not
just you think why don't I just shoot
that and this Simon and this suffering
this is ridiculous okay you know what
turn in why every I will because I won
and and one
so was it even a hard part please for
ghuli channel your baldness shadow ball
this ball ow
here we go again Monroe you're not even
appalled the unit scoring Oh bother
okay what the fuck allowed to do is just
shoot there this is horribly this is the
stuff I need to just let it put him out
of his misery score two more goals and
make him quit okay here's one is one
straight from goal kick threaten cold
kick straight from the straight from
censor man lied to fly almost ball end
this client far side far side text touch
bring it in and finesse okay you know
you want to what are you why my own team
in the way I don't want to block my own
team hello hello mate hello what's up
Alvie as he done that then why has he
suddenly turned to right why's he
suddenly turned to right wisest man
rising suddenly all right come one to
around him that's the thing it's so easy
but I just can't score there's one okay
there we go what do I look like I just
realized what I look like
okay okay he's back well them want to
make you made it back why am I only win
by one goal one goal living to die maybe
my baldness can only take me so far I
mean saying that fricking Feghouli can
run around his entire team the men
accessible know how easy it is I'm got
that bow up the bar there it is five -
just sit the fuck down
good game good game first round easy
Benzema to turn out and for ghuli almost
there 9.5 is my Baldy player
alright we're planning apart she's got a
Ledge oh no flat he's good hot I mean
who has more heart than ball people oh
this is this is a painful pitch although
it looks a lot bigger than the last
pitch officers across and laser mobs and
take a fuck and finesse boom one nail
come here come here
don't let play that foo make a tackle
that's a big tackle we need kicks kick
thank you Bravo Bravo good one ha ha ha
ha
we're flick you know Oh blue blue blue
go go you know what back that's good
enough to go in and we go in one more
and
in return oh-oh-oh-oh don't think I
deserve the call because he has had a
couple of short okay what's the name
turn me
don't let okay they'll be nice look
Larry what's up that good effort you're
not in a fandom flying oh we've done him
we've done him and smash it across just
safe it's safe mate we're actually doing
bit snout within we're doing bits we're
doing bitch
so my ships oh I can get around him like
once or twice but not in a not multiple
okay triple tap Add Oh just spamming
shoo there we go hard time good off one
more good half and wait into the next
round
so cooling it's actually banging thank
you keeper I think you I might not got
that yeah it's like thank you could just
slowing it down I thought I was you know
gonna be bringing on what's-his-name
Robin every time because he's sick but
no I'm actually like I'm very gas about
Feghouli puts a ball in with macho and
um wait the attacks um it's still on ish
um wait wait it's still on no not there
no fucking put it on the penalty spot at
the ball I said oh I could use one more
goal you know just just for that extra
security got a little run to PI shall we
yeah no that's not what I want to do see
them through and there's another soul
there we go three newest is done now
fine that is the end of the match
there we go round two done I feel like
is the time where we actually will need
to make them something I feel like we
might have to bring on Robin we may have
to bring on Paul because we have some
Matt pace I mean we'll see we'll see
let's see why I have to face oh my day
as offensively no he's not great look at
that attack and a name on just lurking
in certain image i'll and for you this
guy's got a good attack alright come on
Simon this is around where I normally
lose it's either this round or the the
final that I normally lose
anyway okay yeah we're in a game we're
we're here in a frickin game right now
one go on bang it across oh my god okay
yeah yeah yeah this guy's because good
guys they may be over this is attack is
very good oh it always happens it's
always this round turning and just why
look why is the plane not getting that
round run you've made it round so many
of them you've made it oh please rest
rest
why would I sit there okay go on you
know what sir then bang what that like
that I don't know how I could do better
for girly run so really run League
Todd's a great touch what was it Oh boom
yes no no wait no no no no no no no no
we're doing no no please
yes I tackled it that's a great tackle
block yeah Leslie still at the vault we
still at the ball don't don't worry guys
he's still going to score he's still
gonna get corner and score from the
corner oh okay you know what we need to
make yourself seriously why am I wearing
this like I think you guys get it by now
I'm not bald come on come on turn in a
pocket of ice yeah that's it Lee how
does this fathers always go to the right
player oh my god oh my god oh my oh my
oh my god how do I deal with Ronaldo
Neymar Messi that I need to anything
spell children doesn't do it for me he
just doesn't do it Keita you know what
we'll bring on a Robin for ghoulia I'm
sorry but you're not doing as much as
games let's try let's just try all this
that's all I can do
Robin's first touch first touch and he
goes to the triple tap add yep no it was
a great one set up and then turn again
and play them and but I am really
really trying those don't understand and
here's the final goal because I'm on
ultra tacky end yep I'm popular though
he didn't either pretty but no need for
that you could have literally taken a
touchy ah screw this yes or no probably
got big red line on my head now but I
don't care why you'll see that as I
watch today won't it is we got one back
at least is a respectable score now
that's it three oneness oh it's always
that round and that game I actually feel
like I could have won that one show me
my shitty prizes go I'm going yeah a
jump for the number picture oh we get a
seven and a half k fact which definitely
wasn't a walkout because there was no
pause it's gonna be a rare is it oh it
isn't dying now the Jumbo got premiums
Oh Pat we get the Magnificent oh you
know what I don't know if there any
other type of jobs you want to do it has
like the bald one or like something like
that let me know by tweeting me big eyes
watching and please
