this time I have seen the light by like
I mean top comment hey Zeus then there
was one with more Gabrielle hey Zeus
then there was one with ball by
Gabrielle heavy and mousa dembélé then
there was one with more jaysis which I
assume is hey Zeus okay you know what
we'll you know we're gonna just buy him
there we go 9300 you stupid 34,000 coins
and we have our striker we did sell
these three things which we went for a
mouse try and get rid of this stuff
sorry Marcy Alby it is not gonna play
the left winger it doesn't fit the team
anymore sorry I forgot we're Harry Keitt
but this is the team we are using so we
have one new player with sign a build a
good squad I feel like we should
probably start selling a couple people
now just so we can get more coins and
buying that like one amazing player
managed to stay in Division two last
episode now we have done another go away
we need six out of the ten wins that
gets of promotion into the holy land of
division wash I mean where you got Bobby
Sands okay a couple informs Butland
Smalling can't a team looking a bit
familiar basically whenever I see a team
that isn't you know just the normal
players I think it could be a tough game
oh bloody LC this is why I was worried
ok Butlins you know what's long as
you're saving it take out whoever you
want I don't care team they're on
Gabrielle get in there get him I'm back
and then in and then Oh probably a good
rival and this that was many of you
Gabrielle cases small wings having a
game of his libel your debut that's a
special Packer thing sorry my players
just didn't want to run actually I
changed player and it changes the other
guy yaya touré just fucking finished oh
my god come on here we go here we go you
know what oh come on begin get past this
last line in the defense of - - fine
this line nice okay
what's black wool wool cassini Oh
continue hop in
okay so it was a longshot oh there we go
on this debut how ha ha ha ha ha ha
Carrasco Oh why are you doing Butlin I
mean it was a good save I guess but
seriously halftime and we are
roaring whoa no you know what like I
mean we're playing well we're playing
all right it's just just needs a
freaking school more he's gonna get a
pass off if he gets that pass off there
it is
okay flip Sorry Sorry mate Smalling
thank you for being the only one with a
brain cell right now that's brilliant
that's a brilliant clearance
yep Gong turning and turning again bad
god of that bike that didn't make sense
look this second turn in Hitler okay
yeah that's cool
Smalling you've been the only good
player this whole game and then you just
run away all right we're gonna have to
go back in got attacking now cool there
we go play yaaaa
and then one more oh well back I'm fancy
why okay good go win that one that had
it know what you just you just lost the
header to someone that's like Popeye cut
it that's a lot I could cut in towards
the goal you fucking idiot what about
the praise you Jesus to go boom and it's
lamp and huzzah
please God I deserved it I deserve to
win this oh that's it you know what
we'll take a draw if we can win the next
game
that's that's fine yeah of course of
course mulling man a match who is
amazing we got a hunter gold seven a
half day pack and a hey-zeus cold
special pack this is for the hunter gold
here we go and it's a rare Willie so he
won't sell we'll just use him to the
split all the challenges now for the
debut goal 45k Piper too bad I mean
we've already caught him but you might I
thought maybe he might sell now and
we're up to like 37,000 coins not really
sure when we even got for that but
anyway Game two of the divisions that we
need a win alright big changes now we
got us all back on the pitch we got
Danny drink water masses and by Yi or
and Coleman we got a solid team this is
a very solid team are we gonna struggle
I mean the team isn't as good as I
thought it was I got put off straight
away by that jekko
I don't know how he's in Division two
with this team but at Mill Z's 11 let's
do this no more mr. nice guy
this is just straight savage Simon
please don't let past it we're somewhat
pleased I don't know why I'm cool I
called for the record that he was gonna
block it to me all right here we go
pretty hot feet and then you know what
boom boom and boom boom ah the little
fake shot I did everyone
oh no no straight from kick off no
stretch on kick off please yes good
grunt grunt what's up all right ready
wah come back for four look at hunter
Hans are pulling the strings E and then
turn turn
Oh Ref okay I didn't want to actually
shoot that I was going to be a hunter
fake shot but it ended up switching
players ready we are really really
playing nice football right now I mean
like look look look at look at that up I
mean obviously I didn't score but you
see the little plays but we're playing
good football bloody hell Baldy well
Dave yeah let's go well how is he just
getting through like that who's it's
Coleman Coleman Stockholm and get back
please please Coleman I don't want you
up here no no Baldy stop this guy is
causing serious serious issues continue
it Kearney up obviously right now last
half of the half last chance the half
and whosits all injured
ha ha ha please please please get on yes
ok
hey Zeus hey Zeus put it one more and
then right well why did you pull your
fart little shit I'm destroying him
again I don't know I'm not gonna win
this well so go on ok then turn in plus
it and Hunter takes up and Smash Ball
Hunter two goals please please please
throw name score from kickoff this is
still a the ball still up and going off
by the wages just so everyone knows and
there it is material so it is
and it's also good of that stupid clutch
come on please please Hazel's Jesus he's
asked
I shouldn't what no one goes to love no
one just loves anymore
Oh sugar Baldy yeah yeah no okay I'm not
making mistakes there I'm not I'm not
passing out there let's go baby let's go
what was that what the what was that I'm
so far away I'm so far out out go triple
tap and hope that we can know that's
actually what I was leaving so I know
you won't believe me but I was genuinely
aiming for a known goal that's it this
is actually the last chance boom and
then turn in oh no what horse it I
passed that buzzer oh my god oh my god
Amazon oh good
boss I've lost I'm actually lost fucking
doll my sword it's good as 19-minute as
well and there it is there's full time
that's fucking sorry to swear so much
but that is absolute bullshit oh the
amount of the match as well you know
what hunters or nine point three as well
did anyone else get a nine point three
No so our hunters are man of the match
we're opening three they're sharing a
man of the match so we give two open to
seven and a half K parts of the two
girls hunter school as soon as I lost
the ball in the 19th minute I was like I
know that to go and we get shams over
here and selling these at 35 pace
tonight I'm in a rare Wow high paint
ain't safe because we didn't actually
get my own imagine all going over to 45
and over one of these because I feel
like I'd be cheating myself so we'll
open one of these because you got a
joint man in the match so I mean maybe
we should have done put them 45 oh my
god we have 40,000 coins let me know
what you guys want me to do thank God
for watching I'm genuinely I'm so angry
right now
thanks for watching and peace
