I mean is close to me Chris Hansen
practicing on the volleyball lately yet
neither of us wanted among ourselves off
and I've have a dude now we already died
yeah so they care about my fans Chris
what have you done you've done a meet-up
in Jersey your hometown full of like 17
people so we're saying is you've never
done a meet-up in your own G now release
no don't lie to you that sounds lies
definitely if you can imagine it it's a
thing ice off the rule of the Internet
oh really
me and Chris are headed to the marina to
get some food
are you excited for the joys of the
marina yes so you can it say you're
excited for marina joys yeah Chris
please okay so I lied so we're not going
to marina Joyce because Chris leathers
around the outside of the garden and
that's where we went assignment away and
I'm thinkin so really the whole little
event also he couldn't totally wrong
this is a little thing is icon secrets
and now that those like half an hour a
food and the rooms in Marin it was a
beautiful day out in Abu Dhabi and for
some reason Chris is obsessed with
editing this video that he thinks is
going to finish which he will never
finish because he's been doing it for
nine hours
so yeah whispered inside doing nothing
it's ten to three and apparently we're
going to go watch the Man City training
at like three if Chris decides we're
allowed to cut somebody and then after
the training we're filming with them
yeah in a second we're heading out
that's right Chris do my work for me
looking because I can reveal how kind of
UI interacting with my video what's your
intro don't have any good okay you're
gonna crisp you know you go your guide
something because Chris decided he was
going to edit his video so long we've
missed in here is just a little you know
away from the vlog kind of thing I
thought I thought some actual football
footage in because we had some extra
time after our filming the filming thing
went well yeah well pretty funny moment
yeah well this is one so mode make sure
you watch it on my channel anyway so
while we have this time I thought I'd
self a little thing is a little reminder
of the subhansin football match okay oh
wow really yeah knowing that I was not
no it's no no I don't I don't worry I
know it's not kind of like the way what
we're going to be doing is taking five
shots each with the other players on the
edge of the area which is about the same
distance as calyx or so we can get your
goal on camera that time yeah yeah we're
going to taking five shots
do you want to shoot first or going
golfers all you wanna play
rock-paper-scissors all
rock-paper-scissors winner goes in goal
one two three when it goes in golf so I
can have five shots he's on the edge of
the box and yet he's not allowed to move
back it was like a full size fit for you
ah all your friends are laughing five
shots yeah I feel like this could be
quite easy for you go for it I give up
hahaha oh the same that's the thing ah
ah that's only one one our three that's
what we want alright final shot oh you
can do this again I reckon you're going
to pull it down and on the Cape hahaha
final shot was crossbar challenge
guaranteed win that's what it is looks
like in the fabric transfer window once
if you've dropped it into a tournament
big one haha really yeah I really didn't
think I could reach it that's why I kind
of like hold back a bit ha ha you can
try this time of you on me yeah I'll
just learn you get one I felt bad oh
this is embarrassing it really is I
don't even bother jumping I gave up so
that's the one when you realize that
you're just there's no chalk oh ha ha ha
hey going on come on come on come on
come on that's mad that's not that late
perfectly try one more time high one
more high high how many in a row
No hard to be fair I don't think the
first one really should have been a
special display the rest all should have
gone in anyway yeah Chris 1 let's see
what happens in the next match Oh
with that was that rumor that there's a
leaked match in it soon
Oh Terry on with the vlog now it's not
like holidays always get me thinking
where the leads are my true colors yeah
I'm going to explain ok just go on
Chris's channel ok let's go watch all
the videos from this played yet go on
Chris's Channel and watch
bitches contra jnana went up all his
videos mad loud but we're walking down
right yeah we don't know the plan for us
tonight we're just going to see what
happens see where the nice thinks so
annoying that way that's weird I don't
judge me I'm having a bar okay because I
asked like big about I have to try out
one so yeah I am gonna have a boss now
I've been Cruces I'm in a bar as well or
something and then in like 45 minutes
I'm going to go to his room and then I
think we might be going to look weird we
might be getting the salt Bay's
restaurant the finally there's one like
nearby which is where we tried walking
yesterday when we did that huge loop and
just didn't find anywhere but we're
going to just get attacked at this time
and go see the marina I think that
bullets cause Francis in France to play
look at the actual food all of these are
in London with the London Eye look Chris
the London Eye thing but they're
applauding me yeah I haven't actually
shown you guys this year this is like
the main hallway I haven't shown them
this year I'm like do you really
Instagram this and stuff okay you did
say old panoramas
whoo yeah we ended up eating and then
pretty much leaving because it's already
like half 11 12
right now midnight and where you have to
be up by 7:00 to drop our bags off but
yeah I got to be up in like 7 hours so I
am just going to go do what I need to do
and wake up and sleep I was the worst
ordering ever and I'm up yeah the
transition yes I've been working on that
like 8:00 a.m. we have to drop our bags
or for like half 7:00 to go onto the
silva teacher if we can finally go live
lives inside here for like an hour just
trying to sleep but can't sleep because
I have to get up and then we need to go
I'm taking something from the mini well
first place apple juice well they don't
know if you can see by that it is
raining so a perfect time to leave and
lots of logs I'm going to sleep so
yeah catch your home we cripple enigma
