more money yeah I saw these two although
there's like the least valued ones okay
I mean we still have these so we'll put
them back up twenty-seven thousand coins
top comment on YouTube let's do this by
the view games yeah that was the top
comment on YouTube then unique riggers
told me that if you scroll down like ten
pages you find another comment that
probably has more like every time a poor
word scores 5k pack every time as a
midfielder schools at seven and a half K
PI it was some of the Flender scores
special time what I'm going to do with
that is I'm now going to change it from
a seven and a half K pack every two
goals to a seven and a half K pack if a
defender scores straight away so the
midfielders and attackers it is still a
5k pack and then a seven and a half K
attack wave a defender school straight
away seven I'll get back now mad crazy
raw tweeted me saying that they were
actually more liked comments and there
was about four of them I chose the most
liked comment it was to change the
formations to a four three one two like
that and then player till as it can't
just saying this kind of gives rid of
sterling and funny I mean the kids
players look forward to that so I mean
we could keep sunny there as a right
forward and we then we still have loads
of like we have sterling as the Left
forwards we can move on to over we have
Marni as well and then you said that by
storage or Gabrielle Jesus or hey Zeus I
don't know how you actually say it now
this is my question who do you want me
to buy storage or hey Zeus let me know
ok that is that is the question but
supposed to and don't write it ok just
like someone else who's already written
it unless you first well done now there
are two games remaining in Division two
and I need one point one point if we
don't get one point we get relegated but
if we do get one point we get seven and
a half thousand coins which take us to
like 35,000 and we get to stay in this
division so I'm hoping I don't have to
make it dramatic in the final game and I
can just win this game he has a leaves
badge I'm kind of worried but so wow
it's a good team I just saw a legend in
a powerful straightaway and got nervous
oh that means you know he plays the game
quite a lot of it's a good call deli
okay here we go guys
asleep and what is that you see that lag
already let's just score a goal try and
make him quit early now this camera
angle is not zoomed in I swear
not just me is it is actually why this
lag is hurting me he tossed across and
us at goals its maggots freakin annoying
I'm changing camera angle guys this is
hurting me
no no God no God no no that wasn't itit
will go back to the normal one okay this
is a bit wider this definitely isn't the
normal view but I can see more why no
I'm not talking to you stop I'll talk to
you if you score an own goddamn gold
monkey stop stop stop
watch how happy I don't get what's going
on as long as you're having fun having
nineteen defenders it's cool because you
know you're winning and you're about to
go again on here now I hear what you're
saying I was back to the normal angle
that you're talking I can hear him
talking about hunting we will go give it
look if you watch the series let me win
bro
let me win it unless you want this
series to go on sauce I'd gone boom that
week alright 45th minute don't let him
get the chance
no he's good thank you okay we'll take
it we'll take one goal down a hard time
don't know if I deserve this game but
I'll take a draw he is closing every
freaking player down how is he how is he
closing everywhere down like that I'm
back tattoo behind that's it one more
would leave you stopped you see them
stop just there here we go this has to
be a goal I need to go yeah you think
I'm talking about I ain't twenty back
bro
boom net one thanks mate I'll take any
goals Oh y'all having a spanner me it's
my defense what offense don't work my
players don't work okay you know what
screw it we go go all-out attack don't
we go on please come back
nice boom and then and then Johnny but
Georgie boom security please can I have
a goal please please just one message
please Fadi
why it's over he's actually please
yeah go on mate how am i falling over
okay that still works it blew through
max it to the 9.5 and we get four goals
we've got an assist for hunters
take another you know what we'll just
open three seven-and-a-half k-pax
actually you know what we'll open one
and then one 15k a good deal there we go
we get mussels we open a 15k pack come
on responses okay well we're now it's
three point seven thousand coins we need
to what we need to draw I you know what
we're going to actually take this as a
chance to remove Henderson from the SWAT
guys I'm sorry but it's gone what yeah
you're in me one of the biggest games
were going to face in this series is
this game right now I only need the
truth please why I probably bought one
goal off in the last game oh now this
guy has a sick team let's just start out
slow and just see how he plays all right
this is ref oh yes thank you come on
here we go here we go sterling sterling
ah why did he just he took an extra
touch there can't a cleaning up with a
back clean it up one okay wait go on
Santi Santi you know what have a bank
that was a deflection win it okay Danny
so charity you guys don't remember to
add him adds the totals up remember for
some reason I've lost my attacking
flowers but I won't potentially had I
don't know I'd like to think I had one
once
all right this is going to be a very
very quiet game because I just just like
I'm trying to focus so that I don't do
stuff like that and then I do it anyway
like that
what are you doing Raheem okay sterling
sterling on the ball pops it up
nice okay give it no give it to I need
to just okay get rid of the three-ball
button how does that made it through how
is it how is it house happening that's
that is literally I don't know I don't
know what's going on there is this hard
time or we're losing right now we're
getting relegated to Division three like
three shots all the motto get his shots
have been further out I actually need a
goal it's not just like I want to go to
win I actually passed the school ok corn
pillar in yeah he thinks I'm going to
turn back but I'm not good there's
butter on for the goalkeeper that
happens every single time oh my god I'm
gonna start no no no no no oh I can't
believe I'm gonna get really good I'm
actually I'm actually just going to get
rid of good the way I'm playing right
now there's nothing I can do either
right we're going to tack in it's time
it's time to go attack impact we need we
need to
but it what the head of water leak boom
go okay
sterling sterling make that run okay so
that is that'll do that'll do but Danny
drink wasn't he got a minute but no your
your why is that good sterling good come
on I'm gonna oh my god please no can't
say why then don't fucking worry about
it I will deal with the bullshit and
just try my best
any why come on alright so big goal a
big big goal I you know what know what
we'll go defense agency okay okay one
but that's all I find school that I
couldn't that would have been it I would
have guaranteed it can take bang back
post boom charity man himself we thought
oh my god you got two goals today and
the hunt we got the other one we've done
it was actually freakin one manner the
metallic son so that's a special pack I
believe he also got to go and Danny
drink will so got a goal so technically
we should have won five K per drink
waters goal one seven and a half for
hunters goal 145 K for hunter getting
man-of-the-match three four getting
promoted or winning position I feel like
it's two for holding division maybe I
think what we'll do is we'll open to
fifteen KS and 145 and then would you
know just because it's a good day I'm
very happy to fifteen K factor than 145
cinema okay and Maratha okay with
they'll both sell three ups of 39,000
closes only one actually win it so we
get another one thirty-nine thousand
coins that's going to be a non rare
I'm not even looking we've managed to
hold our place in Division two obviously
I would have liked to been promoted but
that wasn't a possibility today we're
back to Division two from the start
again hopefully I'll go where this farm
will manage to get promoted but that's
all for today let me know as I said
earlier storage or Gabrielle hate you or
a new player whatever thing us watching
and peace
