yo girls look going on and welcome to
another draft video you guys seems
really like a lot of fun so I thought
I'd do another one but this time we're
changing something up we're going to be
doing the most colorful draw possible
which means I have to choose special
cards unless icon obviously and but I do
get the choice once I have chosen a
special card I can't choose it again if
there is another special card available
don't have that make sense so basically
if I get like a team of the season and
then I get it another choice where it's
a team of the season and an in-form I
spit the info I hope that makes that
anyway we are into the draw as soon as
EA wanna let me been waiting this whole
time it's not a me now all right we
actually go in now let's just go with a
four one two one two
that's a solid formation first one
there's normally a lot of a cake oh oh
yeah what's like assets there's an
in-form
there's another inform okay ah Jimmy
body okay oh this is painful
I want the forwards but there's a
Sanchez and an eaglet oh my god what'd I
do what'd I do what'd I do we might have
to go for the Sanchez guys oh I may have
made a mistake right give me some colors
grew at Barclays the only prim one which
seems like we're going for a premiership
things oh there we go okay I know I know
he's not Premiership but we'll make it
work we'll make it work with new more
tricks for your shiny yes fine all but
we have already got em but we have
already got a gold you know what we can
you can afford to take it yes screw it
we'll take if you take an Italian or do
I take him and play know what I'm gonna
fix and then take the calcio a player
okay an unread that's a different color
he's high raid and he'll link with the
defense potentially so we'll take him
for nowt masaccio
I have to try and get Spanish left that
was fun his League left back come on no
we don't want to punish same arena this
is really not gone welded oh my days I
mean we'll take it that we're just gonna
have to just do what we can I mean I
wouldn't mind like a man of the match
player that'd be pretty tasty
okay this one good work man Gollum good
work silver another color hey we'll take
about this I thought we want to colorful
cards but it turns out we really really
don't okay hold up hold the phone I'm
going to have to play all the mehndi
about I'm actually going to have to take
off the mehndi over and out oh you know
what I'm going to say it's a good choice
because potentially we could get the
blue Reynaldo that's colorful
give me a balloon what wasn't now so is
colorful with colorful we have to take
it colorful supper now and I fit him in
this team somehow okay so this is what
we've got two obviously we get a manager
as well but we're sticking with the
team I think okay um I mean 91 93 95
they're following the rules and they're
just being dumb okay so we're going to
take it I mean ending with a 180 to 95
chem 80s and Reynolds inside about that
so yes there are a lot of red lines I
know okay calm down we are bringing oil
we are bringing our beds and probably
hazard although I feel bad for William
de pie and then Golan maybe we'll like
let body up a little bit maybe well you
know we'll see we'll see about houses
bring it on Liverpool FC yeah what
let√≠s go very colorful squad to be face
got some informal an orange allege in
the blue you know what mine is not color
forward all competitors how long do I
actually give it until I bring on those
players see you later mate oh we've done
him he's done him
think I'll son and miles done him yeah
what but uh time give me the ball
give it up give me position so I can
pause it so I'm Moreno but I mean I mean
you just well just don't feel safe at
all doesn't go past like home all right
that's okay we'll play on take the down
line
and then drinks across it and back how
does that not go in how am I meant to
get through this guy the MA please no
not ran across come on body I want to be
having a party like party this is what
we need this is what we need boom and
then you turn in and you've been out
oddball popcorn that's why me
but the young Schwein sausage it was I
fight it again how many goals we saying
before he quit guys none of this council
is still straight kick oh my god
ninety-eight rated Noah thank you run
run run run shoot home inform Sanchez
that's why that is why we show them all
my days oh my god we're actually ruining
him we're actually ruining this pothole
right now we are like in sweat inside I
can I can particular tonsils right now
this is gross I'm going to stop this in
analogy huh anal gee all the young
shrine is lining up for a shot but oh
that's going to be the first time and
halftime solid half at first half of the
draw first half of the first game of the
first draft of the further breast on
dirty to me yay this way he's gonna get
his older brother he's gonna have his
older brother play now in it
innkeepers no coming out and he's won it
there's the third goal even though that
was some of such mustache mustache boys
back flaps
Jesus here we go this is what we want
and we've seen him of his mine first
time boom that is why you choose inform
Sanchez for Neil is it gonna quit those
are going to be enough
oh oh maybe four was enough boom form of
the not manner the match centers just
and didn't even have to use hazards and
that's who's William Grant straight in
for round two he's got another colorful
squad look you've got orange blue in
form legend well it was mine don't
believe me but I actually did it a few
times as well but I thought this team
looked quite good so I decided to keep
it alright well can we can we get
through the second round please guys can
we please now have an easy route you
seem to play very obvious part what is
this connection this is horrible he
seems to play very obvious football
eight minutes sounds like a good time
then that's what Noah I think that's
funny a little whisper to me him he was
like given making it holy shit no you're
not an expert to my stuff oh it's course
reason it looks like yo keep all the
slow-motion what if you buy this lag is
this a delay now as well okay this is
what we wanted just what we wanted seize
him off his line and when he's loved him
fall that's what it is I don't know why
I'm doing love today I don't ever do
lobs and it never it normally doesn't
work but Sanchez has got me feeling some
kind of weight we go from here and we go
that wasn't even hard it was it boom oh
boy at the post home looking okay this
is it this is this is where we do it
this is where we do it your it pops off
and then pass past
oh this is beautiful no wait wait oh
that's not close is the past is just a
little bit too far in it I'm watching
that I'm watching your run I'm watching
your run - I'm not watching your run
though I was watching it but I couldn't
forget to do anything parking my seat
stupid lag is just ridiculous all for me
bang thank you
that's I love the fucking kickoff I hate
the kickoff with the fact that you can
score like so much easier but Sanchez I
love you think such toss it I don't know
I don't know how to do this that's it
okay I mean this is what Oh almost what
it was so much beautiful I think we
might take off Berkeley and bring one
hazard oh look at him look at the hazard
coming on
oh no no no where did that come from
oh okay yeah no he brought one out of
one oh shit okay we actually have a game
on I mean not it's more than a game
we're actually losing I want my men to
get the ball off the food masaccio of us
is messy who's gonna win that chicken
oh no it's a pen but there is a piece of
god you will let me save this Noah
you've missed you there is a thief oh
god what the fuck there's no secret core
business restocking fee for God you
serious and so became the seated Simon
this is this is how I always play
whenever I'm freaking doing awful please
this needs to be you need to score that
you need to okay we've got one back
we're back in this and who else but
scientist of course why can't I get
through this what oh my god it's over
it's over it's over I need to tackle
them right now
tackle him yes yes it's just is just is
just okay
oh all right
that's a foul please don't don't give
him a free kick don't give him a free
kick okay I'll to stop this probably
look okay so what Bob Bob Bob we got in
the 90s video oh my god now I'm saying
I'm staying down here I'm staying down
here
there you go we'll take extra punch oh
my days
oh I use the my subs way too early my
team is dead here we go whoo yeah oh why
am i doing why am i trying I'm trying to
I'm trying to put it in you know what
that's what we just know we don't don't
do that one don't bad timing
bad oh my god no no no no no stay back
stay back
he's snow he stopped oh my god good just
get rid what we got to do that's it
let's end and half and the half rest is
the longest so I'm down again I can see
how people smash things over FIFA I
remain to smash things that's what we
wanted what we wanted oh my god please
please please finish it all there it is
we're back
Fievel I got two extra time last time
and I lost on penalties last draft so I
don't want to lose out on penalties
again Sanchez is just the only guy doing
bit to me please please no get over him
how many we just kick me in the face
okay we're going to penalties come on
please I'm so glad at Henry's especially
if I have an arrow cuz you're gonna go
bottom left again we're just going to be
safe but there's a delay there's a
slight delay ders of course there's no
speed safety now why am I so bad at
penalty yes look I'm holding and ixy
held it the entire item white okay no
annoyer wants to take it apparently oh
yeah why is my keepsake unanimity why is
my mighty persistent enemy he's gonna
chip it okay
I was holding right the entire time now
fine
he saved it how has he saved all three
of my friends I know I've done right
left right and there's this fuck this
fucking game can happen game tad
ten out of ten
what shopping list good for it you give
me what he want to give me like I've got
one rare is if I'm going to get it now
you go for it again
gon give me give me something else yeah
non rare that's quick so we get a where
that's all for the draw obviously I'm
not going to just show every time I win
I have to show you know I have to be on
it show that you know there's
progression but that's all for today
thank you guys for watching let me know
if there are any other ways you want me
to choose the draft team if there are
let me know in the comments aren't any
comments don't let me know tweet me
thank you guys for watching and please
