right throughout the pricing meself
right now basically everyone well that
won't do think I'm going to play
rock-paper-scissors and if you beat me
oh yeah on two three out one two three
Matt at once please I'm a world champ I
believe our blood good I saw that in the
background we got loads going on here
yeah I did I did bro what we're going
wait yeah runoff runoff come on all mold
that you can't this good and blow blow
away
oh ho you leave me be yeah boy press the
calyx of a stool a pop-up store in
Shoreditch until Saturday I think this
will be posted on my Wednesday or
Thursday so it will be there in Super
Saturday so make sure you go check it
out it what park as I said you can come
here until Saturday that one there the
hats high pop-up and yeah oh yeah the
movement there we go yes so good to go
only sensitive prices you're hilarious
we're going to be 100
we booked our shop this way when he died
they people to come in - flights in one
hour and he just turns up on me five
more days of this dude are we going to
front fuck there you go $100,000 flight
coming soon all of this all of this
Anjali
ignore English because it's against the
Bible exactly
what happens it's like 4:00 a.m. I'll
just be improved Christmas this is mad I
don't even need to actually said why I'm
here I'm here because me and Chris are
filming with a couple of the Mount CT
players we're in Abu Dhabi right now if
any of you knows my stuff was actually
already know I've already bitten here
but the illusion doesn't need to you
don't need to know that welcome to my
room people I'll go out tomorrow we
don't know we don't need to see that
right now as all the actions go happen
as in the film ends with the man peepers
a different kind of video normal look at
this place man ah let's do it no I shall
get you just headache right now
something that's sleep so yeah we're in
a VW for like three days we're filming
with a couple of months three players
and I will probably do another vlog
after this and also that video itself
Christian videos aren't he's also
probably gonna do a vlog so make sure
you check out his videos well yeah don't
know I don't really know what else to
say you'll see the rest of the stuff
like you'll see the rest of the slogan
you met you know that Egypt for this 5
a.m. my head is in so much pain like it
actually hurts if I move my eyes for
some reason like if I do that that as I
said I'm going to show you during the
day if I can figure out to get rid of
these cones so this is from my room
Chris's room is like right next to me
right like one door down right so we
just had a little walk around and this
place just got even better like look at
this this lonely you think it's not
romantic day casual you're in the
background as you do and in case you
think that's not big that is a normal
size your equivalent it would be like
this it's like this hotel pretty much
does everything right including why are
any of this footage sweet foot which
I'll just go into next year for the
nation
oh no you gone gone Chris gone we want
Perry Perry who are all that's all I'm
gonna take an aberration
