YouTube YouTube YouTube when are you
gonna fix your comments I've been pinned
a comment and it was something about
formation changing the formation getting
different players but at God was there
and there booth is gone so we have to go
for the next one that I could see and
then I asked on Twitter and people
linked and that was to get a special
pack if I score in the 45th or last
minute you guys just need to really love
packs I mean we sold as rude and we sold
Alamelu oh yes you have some coins now
and we got to use this team our team
hasn't changed in a long time because
the top comment King lost calm calm calm
calm we're in Division two we have four
games remaining we need five points so a
win two draws to win you know there's
quite a lot of solution to it if I was
good at maths I would've worked out the
probability the odds well I need some
math words I mean four wins in a row is
12 points which means we'd actually get
promotion if we won all four I'm just
throwing it out there still possible how
am I meant to beat this why can't you
just have a normal rubbish team not with
Renato Sanches my kryptonite okay okay
at least be rubbish you have a go team
but be rubbish run Marshall okay yeah
you think I'm gonna turn in but I'm not
I see you know but happy restart whoa
haha hunter going up red you see that
boom oh just can't say I did not want
Canada and when I saw him I think he's
left footed so when I saw him looking at
his right foot small money was that
money you know what continue I have a
bank mate that's why I'm staying out of
bang that's true Neil will now reach
into one now bitch
oh no he's done me he's done it yet and
run across so no no no no no no boom
good save Butland dammit JJ just saying
the time wait I might do wait wait wait
like a no okay why don't you get real Oh
I think I've ever played in my life my
name the 38 you how much you wanna bet I
lose this game as well and now I'm gonna
lose it I know I am going to lose this
game yep look he's got one back he's
looking he's owning me out we're moving
into a special packed territory right
now look at this look 45th minute 45th
minute I'm gonna I'm gonna be joined to
all
no that's mine the finding tackle tackle
tackle what are you doing oh he's down
he's actually stabbed me the guy I was
to kneel up against his kid and then he
got his fucking older brother to come
and play which took him off an hour my
mood was like right here and that's way
down here here we go again can't wait
for this next half-hour of football to
be entertaining oh my god oh my god
please no not like this not like this
where we go pop it up nice pop it in you
know what money back he's injured he
injured himself kicking the ball you are
a football that's what you do and now
he's just standing in no son in the area
some reason oh please one of you just Oh
Marcy Oh Marni hunter ma night okay
please three two right now defend I
we've got Matt Hummels be Marni keeping
up with me here go on put a ball in I
was a goalkeeper how does it caught that
why is he not punching it it's last
minute this is this is special pack time
and also guaranteed win time come on
come on play it in for tourists yeah
McGee spin no no no biggie-d spin - you
know where you go no don't do that pop
uh-huh 45th and 90th minute this is
ridiculous
oh my god this guy this game is retarded
like honestly thought you shit out here
my neighbor the man of the match hunter
didn't get gold we got three goals and I
think yet to assist so that's that's one
seven and a half K pack a 5k part in
another seven and officers one 5km 279th
case Mathi we didn't get the win that's
why I want it that's officially our
Division two promotion host
dead you know what I'm just going to
open three seven arcades I'm too pissed
off we get Bella Abbey I mean he sells
for a little bit
we get we get more yeah this isn't doing
anything to me calm has come back to
bite me I chin the chief should I we get
a leg June we're up to 24,000 coins and
I need to win this game exactly the team
has switched up massively we got up so
we got sterling we got signee back let's
do this let's just destroy this guy here
we go show me some more man of the
matches yeah okay well he's going she's
got three and four
it's this good Division two is going to
be guys whatever here we go let's just
focus on our own game pass it yeah and
yeah yeah yeah no I read that wrong stop
this stop okay cute kids thirdly
seriously he's actually this guy's this
guy's really good this guy this guy
plays we can leave you know it or does
he play weekend League we're about to
find out how is he going to defend with
this scenario yeah and boom wait wait
wait boom that really is Sunday thank
you I'm going to like a little bit but
lucky with the bat but you know you need
luck if you're gonna win games
yep straight from kickoff straight from
straight straight from tickle I swear
every game is just you know it's either
90th minute 45th minute or straight from
kickoff I'm sorry I'm so fin s is oh you
have the space you've had the time time
and space decode long analyze you guys
freaking trying but I'm trying too much
like this like this should be this
should be a simple simple run simple
music lessons why you not going that
Raheem has been cleared up into a he
just freakin it just tackled me big okay
wait yeah yeah big touch will be nice
and stuff he's gone pass out
we can get these little counter on quite
a lot but they never come too much sauce
it pause the back go go Sonic that's
that company out the game
let's company out the game that still is
that so it was that so get up please
sorry where you're not just spamming
shoo I was literally just spamming it
and that's halftime that should have
been a goal that should be a 45th minute
goal special Pat and look at that it's
just the game is so friggin annoying if
I draw this game we have to win one of
the last two games
so why you what's going on what's the
gate you know what that'll do that'll do
better in he's fouled me he found one of
them is a foul one of them no no none of
us about apparently exact
or Walker versus sterling yeah yeah cash
casual one okay no no how is he phone do
this don't do this to full default
mobile model thank you 64 minute and
withdrawing this is painful this is
really really painful
okay turn out puss feet feet feet and
can't say what what um sorry how is that
just happenin but 16 minutes left he
pulls it and what should make some stuff
and it that stubble school I guarantee
if we saw a few piece of wallet and
towel or something like that
yeah bullshit go on the 90th minute you
heard it here for I don't know who we
brought on this is the problem and then
there who we brought on this is I'm
worried I'm very worried it could work
go on so that's it red red that is a
foul everywhere else on the pitch in it
triple tap oh oh my days my eyes
flapping apparently yes we did it for my
boy everyone saw me with man in the
match right right for words the man of
the match both times we didn't get any
assists for hunters so that's just one
seven-hour kpac we need one point in the
next episode we have two games and we
need one point you know we're just cuz
you guys love packs apparently we'll
make it 15k back okay back them then
we're even that is full karma Ramirez
well yeah
twenty five and a half thousand coins
let me know what you want me to buy I
will try and keep an eye on the top coin
but as I said no promises whatever is
talk when I look will be the thing I do
then you guys watching and Boosh
