yo guys what's up welcome to another
route to glory and again I am here with
money in yet but this time I'm gonna be
taking the challenge on on my own I'm
gonna have ten attempts and again I
apologize about the wind but I said on
Twitter that I was gonna get ahead by
doing two challenges in a day
Oh David Beckham arm and the 17-foot leg
I'm sorry to your viewers I had to
scream there but oh my day I feel your
pain
I know 1/3 pack and we are back as I
said guys I'm gonna be trying to post
this more often hence where you are
getting another episode just two days
later welcome back to loot to glory even
though you've already seen an intro
anyways we are now into division 9 which
means we move up to Premium bronze packs
we got three I think I'm gonna just take
three I think we may have got to bomb
I'm counting three so we're gonna get
three of these packs that is 2250 coins
so I'm gonna have to go up to like
10,000 and then I'll buy them okay so
pack number one here we go come on give
us some more good give us something come
on at least give us a red oh my god
seriously division 9 is also awful we
need to get to Silver's I mean you might
be able to play
I'll keep you sentiment and obviously
all of this stuff no but - come on
please I don't actually remember if it
was 2 or 3 this is actually a couple
days after I recorded the football
challenge because I'm waiting for your
top comments Wow you know what let's
just keep this stuff I know pack dunno
if I was meant to or not but you know
what I don't really care I'm opening a
pack to get nothing again I need to get
out of Division 9 already I've literally
just got in and I already need to go ok
so we are up to seven thousand nine
hundred coins that's because we did sell
him for 950 and here for 200 but the top
comments today was about this just being
more consistent waiting for this series
to get more consistent and hopefully it
will be now although I can promise you
this the next episode will not be out in
two days it may be like a week I want to
try and do this series like once a week
basically but I'm not gonna lie to you
guys I was trolling videos this week cuz
I'm quite busy so you getting to this
week now the other top coming out a
player to buy it was to buy Jack Butland
I'm actually kind of gassed I actually
really liked playing this cuz it's like
if I don't play fifa much so it's become
like a nice thing to play all right we
got a Jack Butland for 1700 you know
what we're just gonna yeah we're gonna
buy him we still have six thousand coins
guys which means we can finally get rid
of our I mean you a good boot but it's
time to give you the boot there we go
thank you thank you jack
right this is the team we're gonna be
playing although actually both strikers
okay we're only gonna be able to play
one striker today we're gonna play both
of them this game and then one of them
will play the next game pull it we're
gonna make him fit again oh okay task
completed okay
Bruns pack okay I mean it's just more
coins realistically isn't it I mean
we're not gonna get anything out of
these packs but it's better than the
other packs I got but Division nine here
we go we've won our first four matches I
wanna win another two I want to get
straight if we come if we can win both
games now we're already saving the
division the next episode win another
two we're one point off the title let's
see what we got please have a division
1900 keepers off a bit and so it's the
right back I mean he only has one actual
strike okay it's not too good he doesn't
understand chemistry which could be
promising is it big game first game in
division nine here we go all puss up Oh
Oh Austin I said I was gonna do the bits
Jagielka bullets boom that's how we do I
just got the most epic music in my
earphones that I need to recreate this
Oh ref can i okay never mind
finesse boom I am relying so much on her
lip this season what's happening us
that's a quick that's not what we come
back from this I'm getting flashbacks
like fifa 14 when my game quit all the
time I'm gonna cry oh you know what
though the thing is that was 22nd minute
so that doesn't count as a game which I
mean I'm kind of happy about at the same
time I'm kind of not oh we got another
daily objective done okay so reward pact
it was civil okay so the reward paddle
again this could be actually kind of
good so they have the Flair or whatever
the thick oh you know what I'll take it
I mean we're not gonna use him so we're
gonna sell him okay I think I'm gonna
rest Emmanuel Thomas for this game we're
gonna free in Vernon everyone else yeah
everyone else is pretty decent this does
mean no because that means we're
technically playing three games today
next episode we can get promoted again
this could actually be a blessing in
disguise
why do I feel like this is gonna be a
good team I don't know I mean it's a
division 9 team this is good this is
good
all right first real game a division 9
let's go here we go pass into her left
turn out you know what Vanessa it's
Hurley
it's called prong school I think ya know
bronze goalkeeper I don't recognize the
name Haman so I think he does what the
fuck what just what just happened that
was madder than my haircut today my echo
is pretty mad wow wow wow wow
Butlins had his first save yeah um sorry
um but lunch you absolute wizard so easy
I get off oh oh
claiming oh I'll let muscled him
literally fell over I'm kind of worried
about you
wow wow wow wow wow wow who are we what
why will we work I'm not doing well oh
that's war Portland Portland is actually
oh my god whoever said get Butland marry
me alright I don't know how to get
through this last guy oh that's that's
how that's how bull that's a call thank
you pulling her let knows how to score
that's all of that whole it knows it off
let's get off solid to nil up I'll take
you here it'd get rid get rid get rid
get a good head son run charlie
run Charlie where's the support where's
the support from Allah
marking it is marking it will go from
post Charley Shirley Austin with the
wagon head of three no come on just quit
it does this this counts of 60th minute
we can only play three games max guys
yes thank you thank you that that count
we're doing well lads we're gonna swap
out Charlie Austin for a manual Thomas
all we need to take out delft as well
next game we'll have to take our
Jagielka as well or and this guy as well
Murphy that's no good all right Game
three there's gonna be one great team is
in there I mean it's better than my team
there's there's no red lines but it's
still only 86 Kemp but it's five at the
back not not fast though John Terry slow
why have I had kickoff every single game
I mean I'm not like I'm not complaining
I kind of like it I don't know it's kind
of weird innit claiming and pull it
there's one okay that doesn't count
though it does count but you can't
really judge him off that you know what
Bloomfield Bloomfield this is that's
that's our Blum you get a fortnight you
know when you have a short and it just
goes anywhere that's not a good touch
but we turn in pull it
boom what we turned out plays them in
boom Oh blue field that's not bloom on
that shot it's good to know that there's
no plays very very obvious football here
we go we're getting
oh oh okay mm I was gonna pass it it's
keep camera a lot quicker than I thought
what no no no no no no no you can't quit
on that bro well put my controller
advanced no no no no no no no no okay
let me see it let me see it no match
highlights he's fucked me he's really he
quit he quit so it didn't count as a
highlight Wow that's put me in a bad
mood you know that's actually that's
genuinely put me in a bad mood I don't
wanna play another game I know I know I
said I wasn't going to anyway what we
get when we get for this 350 coins claim
reward thank you very much that is our
team for next episode obviously we do
also have Murphy in the team who can
play somewhere that's probably our best
team we have I think we need another
center back or right back or a left back
but you know I think we need a right
back or a sent it back maybe a center
mid as well it's up to you guys to let
me know who you want me to buy we have
8300 coins it's up to you guys what will
be the one I choose also let me know
more football challenges to do as I will
hopefully record multiple on a day so
that you guys get this series out a lot
bang guys watching I'm sorry that we
didn't even get to full games but you
know what we've got a 22nd minute we've
got oh my god we got three rage quits
well you know what that's just how it
goes I played three games that we've got
we've got safety in the division one
more point we win the type we win
promotion four more points we get the
title so hopefully next episode we'll
get the title and then we move into
division eight and we get silver packs
thank you guys for watching leave a like
for the series when I get the ball and
nowhere to put it Amazon that fan right
kind of who's willing
straighten up gonna eat funny funny
that's why I practice the stay on
playing a P my knee my knee my knee I
said I've gotta eat finding Haley that's
where I practice Thursday on playing a
pre-mining
I said I'm gonna ain't funny I practiced
I fail point
