Yoga was going on our welcome to another
hunting we will go as I said last time I
want you guys to actually name a player
and guess what you did top comment by
either Kevin de Bruyne yeah not sure
about that one there I'll mess it out so
you can nicely afford him oh my god I
can literally just afford him then play
them as Center mid or a cam okay well
you know what we might actually change
your formation a little bit there's no
formation where you can have a 2cm be
serious you can't have this but with a
right forward and left board instead of
wingers okay well we'll buy out still
but then you guys can let me know
whether we should swap to the wingers or
just keep them as a slender mid but plan
is camp or so we sold these two so
that's four more coins what turns out we
can get in for much cheaper than I
thought twenty six thousand two hundred
and fifty meds that still would come to
the clock guys I'm sorry Bo John's gone
he was more of a link player for the
Spanish squad as well and we don't
really use anymore so he's gone so this
is the team we are using it it's quite a
big switch out from the last time
obviously last episode was a little bit
of an improvement with one win out of
the two but we have six games left and
we have to win three so if I lose both
today or I don't win one of them we're
in a very very bad position so let me go
back that if you Queens of Judas FC
you've gotta be having players you know
that that left the club you know we'll
be having like some fàbregas or
something like that you know I mean to
be fair I don't actually know enough
about this league that he actually
potentially could have something like
that right turn up message I don't have
already does he have a right fielders
number I thought I said I don't have a
right foot I do have a right foot I mean
he has a right foot as well oh no oh no
no no no he's he's lost it oh my god so
on his debut has just done that all
right so it's the new hero I love you oh
it's still on his debut boom boom the
assist from no almost an assist from
herself
we are we gonna keep on yeah we are yeah
we are yeah we are yeah we are yeah we
are that's wrong sterling control come
on I was just vitamins you okay this is
this is worrying worrying time worrying
tuck okay go on chip over let's go let's
get the counter going and here's his
attack it's Griezmann is left footed No
my god okay okay okay we're getting
freaky I'm lucky it's boys this minute
they want me to score they want me to
score oh no one really deserves to be
winning this it's just it's just I just
realized he's got a Bradford badger I
have to win I'm John playing game and he
is a Bradford badge it's time to win
what'd I tell you
time to win Alex hunter boom how are you
got the corner again corners are
honestly just they're not good for me
but like look he's gonna frickin he's
gonna have a chance now oh he plays very
very basic football yes but that one and
it's a goal oh my god Wow come on Simon
sugar sugar honey ice tea sugar honey I
see keeper okay nice say that one he's
nice okay money on his debut first
Mitchell back oh darling oh my god
boom you are you mad you see how easily
he just came out and punch that Oh a
beautiful play
turnout how is he how do you read that
oh my god ow ow my player heart days
time to run up I was trying to make
hunter run okay it worked okay
no blood lemons don't do this to me not
like this not like this especially not
like that like the first one so oh my
gosh good this is it go okay we'll take
I don't want to take a draw I really I'm
not happy with the draw
I'm genuinely guided about that like up
till could have scored on his debut
album in a special part as I said it
will only be okay if I win the next
match you know what we don't even get
packed for that you know what screw it
we're doing it we're doing a seven and a
half K pack guys I know I know it's
cheating
I did see a comment last time that was
like oh you should have you know you
should open a 7rk pack every game it's
Division two now guys this is serious
stuff we get a you now we have to win if
we win this game now then it is a good
episode four points we only need three
and episode we're now playing with
probably the highest rated team I can
play hard from the staff the instead of
ie and continue into the message because
that is it obviously you know hunter has
to play okay before you say oh but
record where you got for me broke we
could be Jamie
Oh Jamie Vardy full court I mean the
defense is almost my defense I decided
guys it may be
time to up the prizes maybe it should
just be every goal is worth a seven and
a half K packed this is it this is it
this is the moment the moment boom and
boom assist for Hunter that's what we
want a back hill assist as well you know
maybe that maybe this relative maybe
he's actually just this one and a half K
back anyway oh no no not straight
from kickoff you little always straight
from kickoff we're in a very very
dangerous position oh okay no no no no
fine - fine luckily it's fernandinho
chien oh we see each other eating it and
yet he hasn't as yet but no he isn't
why can't it still pass go mouse go go
google I loved it oh my god I did that
so early I wanted it to be like a first
time enemy Oh
oK we've done one we've done what fun
funny funny boom finish it yeah come on
Sonny that's too funny as well not
straight from kickoff that's all I ask
if you're gonna score at least make it
like a just goal at least be fair mush
out oh oh oh oh oh
she you see that for Mario does it feel
like a hatrocks probably work you know
it was the seven and a half k-pax don't
you think that's ilk back to Sonny
please them through and put our ball
game back and a full 1/2 time Sonny must
be man-of-the-match right now who was an
assist I mean it's definitely not over
yet is it oh no no you stay away from my
goal mister this is my goal it's still
working out still looking out saw me for
the hat trick that was awful Sonny
you've been Manning the match until just
then I've really committed forward to
this fernandinho I don't don't prove me
wrong here don't bring me wrong don't
okay
I told you if a Nandini oh shoot think
I'm alright well see let me toss it okay
I know okay that work that will do that
won't do how else are they fall in that
way you know what you know what get your
hat trick mate get you hat trick get yet
what and there's the big boom there's
the cold they got Smalling are this guys
deflated now he is fully deflated and
needs to get hunter more gold so we can
get more packs there we go there we go
there we go you know what
boom there's another girl for hunter Oh
rage quit in the race quitting come in
yeah I think that was another two packs
they didn't even get man of the match
she got man of match nine point six I
don't seen anyone having that doesn't
matter man lacks is another sudden I'll
keep at he got two goals that's to 7 FK
backs
he got man in the match three seven and
a half capex to assist there's another
Sun and I'll keep at those five and then
we got four other goals so that's two
that's seven seven and a half k-pax
the main thing is that we are now five
points away with four games left two
wins and we're done
or win and two draws there are these
promo pack so you know what we're gonna
go at the gold packs I don't I don't
know where this to do those I should
realistic needed ocean knife I'll open
for 15k packs okay it's gonna be a rare
yeah but it's nothing that lamella
I'm not going to use them to my pack no
but I'll dock
a Shirou okay because that we can sell
him again a rare and it Mertesacker he
doesn't sell I think everyone that I've
just put up has sold instantly and for
the second time ever asked the top-up
fifa points which is mad for one more
15k pack so the final 16 K pack here we
go come on Joe we got yo-yo story that's
actually subtly amazing for the series
if we don't use him we have coins if we
do use them we have Yaya touré now you
guys go let me know what to do we have
15,000 coins and Yaya touré well we get
another 1,500 cuz we're up to 17
thousand coins guys so you need to let
me know what to do with that what do I
do with the oil Torrey as well thank you
guys to watch them and it's going to
write we should be able to remain in
Division two thank you for watching and
please
you
