last time I received the fisting of a
lights I wasn't pleasant but I've moved
on my sphincter has recovered the
comments section however has not
recovered because the top comment seems
to have vanished into thin air
now the top comment is if you loose
loose yeah that's right loose fine more
than three goals you have to donate
twenty pounds to charity I guess that's
just adding on to the Danny Drinkwater
charity that we're going to have at the
end of season of them is that is the top
comment and I have twenty nine thousand
coins we could have bought some sick
people we sold in Hernandez we sold that
we sold sanema salsa stadion we could
have got someone sick I mean we still
can next episode but now we have to wait
for another episode and I'm probably
going to get shat on again no assignment
positive
what is the team we're going in with so
here we go I didn't want to look at this
place on a Moonpie two losses in a road
division to discuss this guy is this is
an odd team which really worries me
because it's division two where normally
means that he has this very well source
out right now this ain't good we're off
straight away
we're just attacking down the line no
all a bit a bit too close home home and
then closer back sorry
alright Sonny I'm gonna not complain
this whole game okay nothing is FIFA's
fault look nothing to complain about
nothing at all oh my god mmm-hmm I'm not
having a go at this game right just I'm
just saying it's fucking hard to break
down this guy he's he's he's good he is
he's good but he's not that good hunch
is better one Neil I was one day long
against the guys that make me 6-1 let's
just calm down son this is why I said
calm down this is complete what the mess
why I said calm down one Neil is nothing
I need I need holy cow and then oh god
oh my god oh my god
I'm not complaining I mean I got very
lucky together in the first place so
just calm down we see oh no no I thought
I couldn't go I didn't know they'll get
about that far back is it Marshall had a
story had a second you just take your
time I thought it was gonna be Marie
writ against faster boom big touch born
and born at o-line oh my god I know
either side but that literally always
just hit him in the house well done
Solly heart it's a solid this is this is
very solid my aim this season is just
stay in the divisions just just not
relegated hot division 3 again I'm gonna
draw it again I feel it already I can
feel the draw seeping out of this game
can say on a little run get suckled no
we cancel that round never mind a
composite going I've written love oh I'm
strong I am strong no I've lost it I've
lost it I've lost it in a very dangerous
position stronk oh you stop let me have
a little okay this is it this is it this
is it go run run oh no no no and then
triples up oh um well that's a very long
time to cross no no stay on your feet
the only big stay on your feet ha ha ha
ha 11 minutes left
go on good hustle good job done the game
is two minutes two minutes I'd squat
that it's game over as long as I don't
literally give him the ball here I've
won so if I can just think that over
there okay wait okay I gave him the ball
but we want Oh mad that is a mad win and
that means so much man of the match
that's another pack and a goal that's
another pack one seven and a half
because he scored they're all of there
okay you might in my Excel will put him
and Boateng straight off to sail we're
gonna quick sell a lot of stuff from now
on just we have more and more coins
now the pack is a 45k pack you know what
you got a man in a match that is what I
did last time I'm gonna do it again just
because you know we're getting into
division two we are nearing the end and
I mean realistically the pack is just as
bad we get Becky but mobile blah blah
blah bye burg you too
conversely qixels I saw the other
players in just because I'll use them at
some point I will do at some point the
other thing I wanted to ask you guys
right is we are on episode 40 now I
think we've obviously played you know we
played even we played Josh I will play
Toby at some point once as squad is you
know once it's been going a bit longer
you know I want to ask you guys is
whether we should do for an episode 50
whether Isis is livestream switch to do
foot champs if you're going to do that
we can do an episode where we try and
qualify and then you know hopefully
qualify anyway we've had to change so
many players just now we've still got
Danny Drinkwater
Sonny hunter Bella in a Butland of the
only one Spiller and his team Oh couple
red links you know there's some ones
alone so they can't have it that thought
out because he would have bought the
player this is division 2 so he must be
good to get there with that team I don't
know how we'd do a foot champs right now
guys we do pretty awful I think because
I mean we're doing oh my god mother
what's the fuck's on 8th no wait I'm
allowed to complain this game look at
this look at this look at this plate
gwaan bang Oh sterling it's that pulse
is a little bit better from Henderson
all my days water ball was a ball so
that's a bad touch Tommy come on cut how
is he getting out of these situations
like that
buzz it up in Oh should the pasta feet
Oh guys risky's how holy cow that drop
was mad mad mad mad it's even mad if I
didn't score there we go here we go look
it's straight back straight back to my
side and yet somehow he felt a school
booting wrong way oh my god I should
have just scored straight off the other
end and toward sorry where's my defense
like I don't like it's as if like when
you let a goal in your defense just goes
now we're good we're good bro we're good
we met a goal in that's our job done you
know and he just brought on I thought I
saw biscuits come on Danny where's your
pace where's your pace up yeah we've
seen that VI yeah but you didn't see
that second one crosses it in sterling
get there okay you know what
there you go we turn back is that
9 foot tall okay he suddenly got a lot
better I don't know I don't know who he
brought on or whatever but it's suddenly
better than it okay no he's also getting
very lucky that made sense did it no
he's gonna turn me yeah and then he's
gonna turn back oh we didn't they missed
the foot please oh my god he did what I
almost did earlier far side please oh my
god what's the part
you know what I'll actually forgive even
though I didn't scores a backwards goal
because of that back this far oh my god
oh my god sunny so I know why did I
Drive the shit why not try it
why don't you huh when that bike wife
why I'm a white idiot idiot idiot idiot
okay you're classy mr. P sorry
well it seems that are you serious
that's all of those animations always
goes in a swear go oh my god oh I
thought keep us coming oh no no no no no
no no no no let's not go all out that
are not a bit are you serious come back
here come back here you little scrub on
the go
please I slipped off I'd split pot Oh
common leave on more then don't friggin
slip past him oh I'm gonna get relegated
from division - this is horrible
at least let me get gold made at least
black folks you're completely open
oh my God why did a lob I didn't know I
didn't press a lot I did not pray I
didn't even press change control I
didn't even press change player oh my
god six games I need four wins three
wins as I said I'm just going sits like
safety in the division she's not
relegated I have 31 powerful cones let
me know - bye Italy we don't even just
open a pack so that's it for today
that's it for the SPO today from Foxley
thank you guys for watching and please
