okay so we are going back to basics
we're doing a straight draw the team
already built this is the theme right a
montage yeah so we've got 300 seemly
years plus these blue lemon Dorsky
Morris and Alvarez we're going to bring
them on straight away you know get rid
of that silver I built like quite a few
drops and I was originally going for you
know like me you go over the standard
190 or whatever but I thought this team
was good enough that I could win the
drop of it let's do it let's see the
first team that will be destroyed one
blue is that it I got this this would be
an easy game I'm predicting or kneel
before you quit this is cute bro it's
cute it's cute
just just look let's not I was about to
say was that not ridiculous because if I
bring in more than them no one say I
think we all know where I was going with
that
here we go here we go one nil Oh one nil
done if this guy plays the entire game
and doesn't get red card I will let you
this laughing just to clear out it
doesn't count if he quits what the
no wait wait is there any buh-bye go
slap today guys I am NOT getting slapped
- my glasses and headphones I'm not
getting slapped lastima sprites another
yellow this is honestly this is Kimsey
or is this the next cut no wait is it a
lot of us ball what kind of noises am i
making right now I'm very confusing
myself you're man
 there's another yes I wasn't
going to get another red car there's
another red there's I'm gonna freakin
that's another freakin red while it's
another yellow that is a red I said for
Neil and he'll quit you've got two red
cards and I'm only winning one meal yeah
you ready put it this is what I like to
call the Simon move that you go out wide
and then you turn back in and then you
have really it one two ready let's do
and such so good against me why is he
not that good for me right right
seriously give him my third red card
walk out walk out bro walk you out pull
out this is the only time I'm ever
telling a man to pull out be serious
with a scrape how is this one milk you
have nine men three go I didn't make the
sub-sites that I'd make right
literally kept the worst team on right
goal here we go ready bang-bang lemons
or ski jump finish it another yellow
whatever where do these even happen he
must be on my old should be or something
like that this is ridiculous
that's a foul okay that's another freak
involved it was pitching it he just got
a yellow as well he just got a yellow
that's he's off a three red three I'm
against eight men and I'm winning one
nil bang there we go thank you to nil
hahaha like isn't old uh plan you got
look him oh my god again straight red
yeah full forward for four heroes how am
I not going below no point level of I
mean there's only 10 minutes left
you may as well play he just brought on
Ronaldo why can you see the radio right
now look at the speech and yet I somehow
managed to find him
what am i doing no no no Ronaldo renowed
what look at this space how can I not
win this why God look look all the
people yeah no no not going this has to
me go it's not some non-being I'm being
a prick being a prick big you give
me my camera I said I'd get for gold I'm
going to get for gold I am going to get
for gold oh I'm just so bad even though
who tell what is so bad right one went
down somehow onto game so we're playing
chips just I'm not showing to read that
just before he pig that we're playing
against dyslexia United why are you
called dyslexia United oh my god
assistance Alexia untied I'm actually
I'm an idiot
I'm India I know I am stop I'd only only
he's tell me that I am Schultz for Alvis
done did it alright please I just want
an easy game I just want an easy game
easy game thank you that's making it a
lot easier for me toss it toss back wait
we've still got the ball still got it
boom how would we get that no no no okay
we'll take corner edge of the area edge
of the area he runs on take the charge
on ball hit
host again yo here we go here we go gon
go on that quiz I don't even know who
you are
that's an awful boss I want to sub you
off who are you taking me just can we
stop this can we stop there please keep
us please
no Almighty bless the cross though
there's the cross to the keeper straight
to the keeper ah this is the Tom James
take a 40 50 minute corner every day
every day a week because wait no wait
what have I done what about okay okay we
born in a bog off Sun there it is SOI
5th minute it's always going to be a
corner any other minute of the games
there's no way PK is putting the ball in
like that I mean is a very even game
except of course ooh I don't want to get
knocked out in the second round run run
run run run Vasquez that's good who are
you who who is backwards there you go
all Gorman Elsa please Oh
three nil game done I hope leave please
I really hope I have been clinical as
hell in this game and you goodbye my
lover goodbye my friend but up to winds
down and two more to go let's do this hi
this is around we normally struggle on
and he has the ran out of yes fa o es de
esta that's a solid team's gonna be a
tough game
please FIFA gods lets me win all right
he's paused it I'll take advantage of
that I will put Alba's on oh no oh no
what have I done what have I done
what am I done no big burly school
oh I told you I struggle with this round
guys please don't fire my god I hate
people like this I hate them I mean I
dragged someone in but I don't pass it
you you little you made my keeper
exert energy for no reason please I just
need one goal so we can get back into it
gun going now with it okay we'll take a
corner mark mess and now we cross it now
we cross it to the keeper straight to
the goalkeeper okay go on go on but
don't go top corner that was going right
in top corner no no no no no no no it's
a go it's what the was that tackle
big tackle Oh even fever can't deny that
cycle oh my god they've actually given
us another chance they've given us a
chance in the 45th minute oh okay what
but what's the spotlight would please
apply the nation
Oh boom what what that that was the
weakest you ever oh my god I'm going to
lose why does it always happen I mean
there's only one meal we only need one
go I'm not going to tacking yet come on
minute also Renata please we're know
there was such an easy pass on there ok
mmmm-mmm dunno I'm gonna have to go on
attacking soon aren't I that's the
problem that's the problem here the
problem is I'm going to be on the
packing and I'm already getting caught
out like this what do I do
I have 20 minutes left I am one no doubt
and I have no sign of breaking him down
at all and he's just going to put again
because NES does a freaking oh my god oh
my god but a little bit his paws me
I'm not I know that sounds like an
excuse me he's Paul genuinely me
oh there's one that's one that was nice
I've gone silent cuz I'm genuinely like
trying my hardest right now
there's two oh geez what is going on no
we just scored as well Wow Wow what is
going on this goes that is a pure
kick-off wish that one keep keep keep
good save good save and put him off
enough already
oh my god oh my god Ron boom three
always be nice minute he scores from a
90th minute fifty people see like that
that's the statute a bit of catch that
should have been a catch but it wasn't
cause they're almost with that I will
take an extra time because yeah that no
no no no look my defense give up oh yeah
my defense awful budget runs he
actually just runs down the wing it
always comes in let they let their cross
that counts the kind gets a hot time so
name school this gets a hot time we'll
take it take it
nice that's halftime no I'm gonna try
Kane I'm gonna try King just as lemon
dusk is tired
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
dude it's like you almost don't fail
those for this so it's good it's so true
much well he's got eight minutes left
leaves please please please someone's at
my door
why are you opening my door what are you
doing this is a very serious time no oh
my god no I'm losing yellow in turn I'm
on my all-out attack as well look you
can play it either slightly dot by Oh
keep keep the chicken coop through it
basura no duck potato
come on this is it this bit was my last
chance at watch good good
please please wait a min for Noah
that's a horrible ball wait oh my god
okay if I lose this now it's all for
nothing
okay that was this I don't get no arrow
with my arrow
I thought oh my god we Finals all that I
wore unique here it's gonna be awful he
only got two wins and yeah awful no not
even a walk out what happened to kill
 everything ah it's not even around
it's just oh oh wow what that's all for
today thank you guys for watching we
tried and we lost the banquet in poop
