you go on Cristobal oh good cross oh
there's no one there I'm on my own
yeah but at least I can hit the crossbar
so now I'm going to choose the correct
one ok 5 plus 7 is 13 or 5 plus 7 are 13
5 plus 7 plus 7 is 35 plus 7 is 13 there
it is yeah
5 plus 7 is 13 always going to be with
the MPD pretty sure they're pretty right
so how do I see you guys are premium
Xena stack it absolutely stacking none
of this is mine look at these in mind
date the month this is what mom was
reading on I'm not the cereal cereal
milk
okthis milk where's seconds now so
commit she said but I'm horrible my name
is customer is horrible anyways but oh
what are we done
penguin flies for a penguin flies which
one's correct hanging fence right damn
you how can a man go eight days without
sleep you tell me something how does a
man great things about me he just sleeps
tonight oh that's bad wing roulette
charlie some of them are hot some of
them large mileage will morning round
it's pretty sturdy legs personal little
well I wonder which one is hall or lead
on that because it's Hall
this is wings
it doesn't say hot it says hot silence
which I go for this one
not sure if you guys know that's a good
start
I believe it might be more oh that was a
very under climactic quickie equaling
warming the civil ways you mean them I
know anything
Lily Malaysia tasted like chicken
fingers - there we go - magic trick here
this is shit this way yeah these visas
is awful you know Bobby's uniform okay
yeah I don't even seen this anyway very
hot ones there they all tasted do that
thing okay
penguins flies or a penguin flies it
soon as you show penguin fly I fucking
your list all right there are 12 fish
and half of them drown how many are left
six oh it was the fish ha ha ha ha
7 plus 6 is 12 or 7 plus 6 are 12 some
you really asked me this and you fought
subsequent oh you know I don't you know
hooks a lot of people have honestly
asked why if I disabled comments for my
main channel video now I was going to
make this a whole video on its own and
just have this me explaining my
reasonings and everything like that is
going to be a separate video but I just
throw in a plug because I think in most
people don't want to hear like 10
minutes with me rambling why I'm
disabled comments because realistically
the short answer is because they're crap
the comments now are literally just add
onto our walk around it's just why do
you want a blog comment now I literally
just like random person's going to the
covers have a nice day
this nicer size it's like what's the
point realistically I know this sounds
stupid but I want to see either some
constructive criticism or a compliment
on the video also even something about
the video and the Sun basically got rid
of them because I just couldn't be
bothered to deal with all the rubbish
and also people getting spammed by fake
accounts of me saying you know click
this link and you win the free iPad and
people actually clicking it so the only
way to get a top comment or comments I
concedes that are actually about the
video is if you ask a specific question
about it so if I said to you guys out
what's your favorite
the comments would all be about what
color you like if not you literally just
get bombarded alo rubbish so I decided
to take them up I'm leaving them off of
this video to try and see or whether the
comments are normal again if they are
and who knows I may leave them on up lit
so why doesn't even in a vlog this is
kind of a random thing and although I
don't know if you guys like this style
of blogs but I enjoy them a lot more
just doing random stuff so yeah this is
just mountain dew by the way I prefer
piss I've also realized that I've had
flowers in the background just there so
before you start speculating who
therefore it's through a video seven
plus six is thirteen or seven plus six
are thirteen seven plus six is thirteen
some low six is thirteen right I don't
do it all right
what are you doing slowly as grimmer
that's honestly I put a poisonous
