come the brick down where you wouldn't
be angry I haven't explained why I don't
know what the top comment is okay now
calm down okay the top comment I could
see you as only 370 likes so I feel like
there may have been another one because
it also wasn't a player's to buy the top
comment that I could find anyway was
debut goals equal special packs the
other one not was if hunter is amount of
the map tickets open a special or a
seven and a half K pack so I will do
both of those and if we get any day
beautiful I mean we don't we didn't buy
anyone today so we won't get debut
player but we did so these three but not
very much and to make up for my my lack
of knowing what the top comment was I'm
going to open these to wear gold players
pack so the first one it's only two
rares it's not a walk out there not even
tradable palooka and already can be
decent to even keep them by going get a
good player that's so small but she said
it costs a couple on cooking in put your
cookie that's what she said we're in
Division two I completely forgot about
her we got promoted last time from
Division three and now we're in
divisions that we struggled in Division
three remember we didn't get through I
mean promoted we're using this team and
I'm a bit nervous I mean is the normal
team bottom just nervous in general
because you know it's division sues
uncharted territory lease have a
terrible team oh good seems there's a
decent team it's not okay I can't
complain about the city escort final
division - here we go baby saw some
strange division two tactics you know
what it is
it's Division two that's throwing me off
and put aa pen I didn't even see through
attacker I was watching the ball I was
hoping that I look back in he would just
be on the floor hold up Wolcott Wolcott
come in come here come in no nodes are
hot
Zaha don't try them little tricks with
me okay a little Nancy footed stupid
ugly headed I don't have any more
compliments the book should have robably
gonna find out why am I still talking
get rid get rid get rid get these put
pressure on he's pretty pusher I don't
like this I really don't like this
pressure but he's not moving some with
my gold now he is now he is now he is
drink water
yes no bad bad this is the longest clip
without cutting ever what is going on Oh
besides hunter this is that's great play
going please be on side
got no weight you've read it read it run
there's the run pausing for the back
poor bloody banks then bring a couple
what a show Alexander I'm from you know
what your grand dad would be proud of
you come on oh shit the reason to start
off with our bone Gail Dwight Dwight I
told you oh my god
no now holds up Wolcott you need to just
know what my pledge I'm a play run away
my play I ran away get there's a goal
what my play is literally I hate that
the computer makes you run away if he
does the fake shot just try it just
because it's a poisonous minute boom no
I'd lose all that doctor for any time
it's even like maybe I shouldn't be I
don't know I don't want to sound as
absolute winning I could be no my main
thing is impacts anymore it's just
getting promoted and right now we've got
a seven and a half K pack but we don't
have the three-point and that's what I
care about wait oh my god oh my right
rest rest are you serious
I know I sound like a dog and I don't
care Division typically didn't do it he
didn't pause it you know and here's this
goal his other goal his other girl ready
to stop how did that get through yeah so
that got through that got clear vision
who is gonna be full of bullshit in it
we can I can already sense it how does
he just find this space I don't well no
no he's left footed what like that
magazine was look before one tap we were
one nil up and he's damned he's dabbed
on me all outside we may as well go to
gold Mountain we're not winning we may
as well just try and get some packs yeah
but now he's past it no he isn't
no it's clever it's clever it's clever
he's dummy there's the key ball five one
less listen absolutely to stop damning
one that he's gonna love it
he's gonna love it here we go there you
go mate all right come on you little
prick you prick oh my god yeah actually
he's still flipping it you know I don't
want to show you any more of this I'm
not showing you it there it is six one I
literally I took the lead as well man I
took the lead it didn't get a man of the
match but you got gold so we get one
seven and a half Cape at me start
Division two with a horrible horrible
loss you know what never happened we
just move
I don't know what we want a thing it's
like we see that and it's like wow he
fits in the team but he's not gonna play
as well as we would have boys I'm just
gonna start quick selling stuff like
this because I've got so many contracts
and manager contracts and stuff just
gives us more coins you know for light
to carry obviously should team up
completely we literally got Moscow on
can see message by ye as Peter cuesta
and Coleman like that is a ridiculous
which show that last team should be
embarrassed oh oh you know this guy's
gonna be a dick it his name is her RAM
Bay's heroes yet I mean that team some
cells in it a ram Bay's heroes his
gamertag is self fat he's one of them
ones out of the danger one you know he's
just life starts and then goes mom
finishes playing and he's like shit got
to clean up in a stealth that's way this
danger way what's a stealth fat guess so
it's just like having it in school or
sunlight without people realizing first
chance for the game goes to marnai goes
to Mon it okay touch your back we've
really fluffed this up but he doesn't
know where I'm going he doesn't
I type with myself lock sugar know my
sense of like don't do anything
I actually gonna have to start playing
defensive you know and now he's goes
ninety-one rated hazards be my miss
taffy
give me the ball give me give me the
give me the ball
give me the what's up how's that I'm
literally playing like shit I don't know
what to do guys I'm genuinely I'm so
depressed so what do i do what do I do
here okay I can just run a bit further
forward I can just carry I'm running I
can carry and running let you fucked it
and then nice nice yes I'm mugging them
off
yeah and then he's just tackle me okay
takes touch can say that's a pen I mean
I humble right nice nice nice oh okay no
don't yes thank you I need a goal you
know I'm genuinely trying because I'm
not talking just making random noises oh
my god he just plays one ball through
yeah he's gonna have to cook no he's not
he's not
I'm losing serene ill don't even deserve
a gold this shouldn't be that much of a
jump from Division three the Division
two like I just been destroyed two games
in a row you know where's 45th minute we
took so long that was so rich on my days
really let's have three shots why is
everyone in Division two so clinical
what the fuck is Division One going to
be like that's what we like this is what
we like this is what we like why did I
pass I should have just shot Oh gonna be
a horrible horrible rest of the game in
it okay it's a 2v1 situation to be one
city one please I fucked it up fucked it
I fucked it so uh please you're on no
for money money money money what are you
doing what the hell was your lips
thought screw it I mean I will go we'll
go attacking and we'll just lose some
goals that hopefully will score one
there's one other pure focus mode ultra
attacking let's go let's go hold up hold
up hold up hold up hold up what the fuck
what the bloody hell did my team go I've
actually lost it's done so well like
I've destroyed him this half oh my god I
lost 3-1 guys it's none of them in a
good day there's been a freaking awful
day okay but he got a man of the match I
mean he got a man of the match and a
goal so just because this has been an
awful episode I might make that man of
the match were a special pack of he
scored so we get one of these first of
all a seven and a half K pack yeah non
rare as I thought it'd be awful now
because he got man of the match I think
I'll have to depend on the episode
really you said either special pack
always seven a half K pack I may just go
for a fresh fat today we get Hernandez
he might sell he's only going for about
2,000 I still 2,000 I will throw him up
the undercut the market get the coins
and the rest of the people will go into
the club to trade it well guys that was
one of the worst episode so far I need
four wins out of my remaining eight
sustain the division blocking all four
makes you genuinely depressed thanks for
watching please
you
