what sort of rap
I got round in 11 tell me that EMV right
very clear bloody that nice yeah that
was one of them dunno gonna have to redo
it nice we're going to look some
expecting to win your dad's going on and
welcome to rap or crap I am joined today
with maverick wolf who is the rapper are
you to him I'm gonna say me as I've got
a look hey Goldie lookin chain
Oh what did it change
yeah you don't know how this works
basically there are ten rounds I'm gonna
be reading out a lyric these two have to
try and deduce whether it is a trap as
in rap from an actual song for crap as
in I made it up really you know what
trying to think mine should be classed
as rap really what everyone watch a
rapper named Lloyd and Steve Simon
Chisolm is Riddick okay wow this is
ruthless
oh yeah you want to get computer Daniel
and I am very popular than graphic
garnish Chris thank you these people who
hate economy so you both be officer in
every round okay yeah that's going
around
so the first lyric is the unit for that
day a parody nightclub champagne hot
girls white stain it is I'm gonna go rap
go around go I want to know what the
white babies haha okay craps I'm an MC
should a little stripe again oh goody
bad yeah that's a far yeah that's a good
one I'm going on you that I hope you ate
so much like exactly dude I love you
like a fat kid love cake that cannot be
a rap haha
I'm going oh it's like it's what I've
been looking so bad it could be a
hospital very Milan times where I've had
that sort of awful on you I'm going crap
no
got McCarthy's Allah in his logic I'm
better than 50 cent yeah yeah
nothing do it bloody said 21 question I
didn't want to say it but I do waters
probably though that's nice so culture
I'm actually so bad at it
yes I gave that ball to get that person
how come see well I got Gmail respect
the G codes come on come on
I'm respecting the G code that's right
come on it'd be sensible here that can't
be a lyric be sensible I love you like a
fat okay what sensible about that yeah
true I'm going right Oh Ellen Brad yeah
come on rock star
I'm flyer than an ostrich come on just
can't fly makes me want to go right yeah
I feel like someone said that not
knowing yeah I I'm like I agree me on
that I think I'm gonna go wait in my way
oh oh you guys yeah that's a bar wait a
minute all of the only genuine rattles
empty Simon shnizzle ISM I don't want to
be splitted I'm gonna wrap as well be
relatively tactical MC oh no this is not
fatal
MC Joel Santana oh yeah I'm one but you
need to go back to school you doing
really well running oh yeah you're then
better than most people do it this your
until I take that but our four he's he's
doing tactical now scum I'm coming I'm
getting actual he did not look you I
really really have those I'll put you
where you belong in the business I'm
hungry Robbie I don't even write that
can't be a coffee around that I shot me
you that's the work of 2008 the bar
everybody's done because they got me
again
he needs to care the bitter I can go so
bad that you would
I do but that would love to but - I feel
like that's an interview for its own as
well yeah are sharp again but then
they're hello and I thought exactly you
know a rattle shock that's not
interested like because you're a
five-hour buzzer yeah really
we're half black we might worry like
that if it's a round six if you take the
L out of clock then take the rest and
you try to work out what it is I'm the
center such a bad line that can't be
real haha
it slips clock as well in a wrap I've
never heard of work clapping that's from
Sidley our fingers from shizzle as well
a bundle yeah sure though number step up
the ante alright so you've got every
single one right I have is low yeah and
you go oh yeah I think I've missed -
what is wrong with this - yeah this is
the highest scoring game ever
okay actually I say that I normally end
up like changing the last round being
worth like 10 points okay so talk until
windy ice on my neck I in my drink okay
ice in my fridge sure I just on my wrist
- ice way I to the end letter C ah I
think we should have gone ice in my
think that would work better then I
don't know I just think why would you -
you think clothes of the ocean isn't
yeah Viking you drink beer pour the
drink into the sink at the end because
you never drink the icy it's always less
than though using mouth no I'm gon rap
yells I'm very cuz go buy your last
couple bars that was quite fire so I
don't know whether I'm offended I'll go
by the fact that it did relatively yes I
ride it very bad otherwise if you win it
cuz you go exact same everything I'm
going to go everything along right until
now every sign in the lower you here
yeah still six four three rounds left
the next lyric is I like the girls with
the boom once got busy in a Burger King
bathroom this is a tough one so I don't
get it and try and get come back because
but I feel like you're run out
I'm just all right you're too behind and
you have three rounds left
I'm gonna crap them I will go again now
go to wrap over wrap yeah baby I'm going
to grind it out somehow the guy who's a
struggling live one who's owed it what
I'm going to take this point I have won
by default so I'm in this digit I mean I
just said anyway he got it right all
right haha this is go underground the
humidor boy shouting you did it so give
me a point come on Kane to come back is
all around right if you stick our Qatar
dodge right then the first time is
actually been I might not need to adjust
the points in Helena I got so many whips
they call me with malicious oh my god
that son artwork is so cringe is there's
no middle ground as well I think that
are up with the missus they love it
what's he gonna battle well it's done it
made it interesting
please welcome young John cookie shock
yes a rise in six old mrs. Ransome is
something bad the lyric is yeah I
exchanged feed cards with the retard I'm
going this they both come right down no
lil wayne is around yeah yeah I
recognize y'all what y'all reckon about
I knew you guys to go I just really
wanted to include my gig runs deep
interesting so deep but they're off to
sleep and Ice Cube
yeah I you could not cover thanks man
the next one is I come over in the
nighttime if you like steak and some
fine wine I mean nor Wednesday you're
both wrong but wrong I play you like
dunno what card comes up next who knows
what ratified oh my god oh my god we
have a winner we have a winner for
answers we have a winner
Oh
just let this happen because he wins
everything the winner doing this
the play is yeah come on I will take
that I recorded in a lot night on
Thursday what rapper plays very no man
well that is all for today on raffle
crap we have our new champion we are
going to be doing a video on maverick
wolves channels so you can check that
out in the description I'll leave a link
to their channel subscribe over there
cuz it's out in a couple of days thank
you guys for what's insane guys to take
your part you're welcome
and the so make sure you subscribe and
soon
