yo ghazals going on it wasn't another PA
what's opening this time there is two
boxes of goodies from you guys you guys
have gone in although my guess is
there's probably about eight boxes of
hair-tie right now because this this is
doesn't matter anymore but this is your
doing this is the pure box is doing also
I'm not as yellow as last time I
apologize for that it's still quite
yellow but that is purely because it is
like a yellow background okay so stop
judging me you know you don't have some
program on making the screen more yellow
okay let's just start with the packages
chicken noodles one chicken noodles
chicken flavored instant noodles and
then get it with a slit candle sounds of
sleep from dreams and I'm asked if I'm
against that you're thinking I need more
sleep and a t-shirt from goal click we
also got a CD you're probably wondering
why I've sent you a CD I've told one of
my best friends about you here but she
wondered whether I would send anything
and I said no because I had nothing good
spent she lovingly suggested I send
something I'm good at write a song but
this is from precious okay all right
let's have a listen
this is sick that was sick from precious
eagle oh I'm sorry I thought that that
one's gay but that I was genuinely
amazing yes ever thought more red hair
dye and gummy fish brilliant you on a
high love fish from Carissa and a few
other people as well so thank you very
much for that fish and hair dye just
just like hunted like a birthday program
here enjoy presents please read the
letter open on camera if you want wear
the bracelet in your videos is from Amy
I met you at the bookstore and I have
limited sneak I mean I have red hair now
but everything else is quite like clay
you know my Jamie oh come on guys I'm
trying to be healthy and you suddenly
like short clips I mean I know that
sounds I'm grateful but I'm trying to be
healthy small genes galaxy starburst is
from Dan so on camera okay like bank
gives us an inspirational person to me
and I'm sure thousands if not millions
of others you create a thousands of
videos purely for entertainment ah thank
you very much Dan okay what is this what
is this from Devine tow from Indonesia I
give you to Indonesia engines with your
name printed oh my god
another one white we got oh my god this
is awesome yeah I'm not in Indonesia
fans of in so this is Disney Crow I will
definitely wear this videos thank you so
much oh no it's built up static oh I'm
getting rid of it but a gift from Jamie
Barnett yeah that's right I sent you a
badger not sure why is that hey I
already go run this legit imagine
Jamie Oh someone got their gift wrap so
I'm good what is it from keep forgetting
to write a message I've got you the mini
portable vacuum cleaner laughs it's from
Michelle Michelle from gravity falls
like a mini Range Rover that's literally
my car yeah feels like Christmas again
I've over like this is mental Oh No ha
ha ha ha ha just being what one of them
is so obviously I haven't opened it like
you know I don't open this but I know
exactly what it is from Jessica Thanks
here goes nothing so if you guys didn't
know basically fangs has Bo box as well
and she got submit and then did the
thousand-degree nice thing on it so I
promise you it's on you ha ha the other
half fell off yeah I would fuck you
Jesse
ok so now that we move on from that
traumatic time I didn't think it would
get here you know she messaged me like
Oh have you got my special package just
clear this up definitely on you so I got
something I need to have a look at yeah
there you go that is not specific for
Papa
Mad King a mad drawing late but I look
about yeah hey I'm Julia I'm one of your
fans followers subscribers whatever I
don't know how long I've been watching
you guys but it feels like it's been a
while ok so it's like a landscape all
the sidemen that's it love from Julia
thank you very much I'll be sure to have
it in our we have like a room or sidemen
room at our house soon for Olivia and
it's from America reminder be nice to
Ethan on Valentine's Day he won that's
just not gonna happen
I didn't subscribe to you until after
you do that collab with Marcus after the
match well thanks Marcus oh my god hello
thank you very much for listeners rope
equally enough we get hot so we get Tic
Tacs
let's say be behind as they say messages
on we get the message kisses thank you
very much basically my camera just
stopped working again that's been a way
it keeps happening but I don't know
where I last got to but I'm dirty
neighbors the game I got some sweet I've
got more hair dye better now much
I have missed but you know I love you
more playtime with me I love all your
videos on both channels this is a very
nice little or and say I like using your
fat handwriting as well my dog is
staring at me right now a dog oh no but
Anna can be pizza you know me so well
pizza and candy the two things I love
Lister the stripper rings all important
and fragile it doesn't feel very
pressure of do you lie is there even in
it is there even any being miss underway
oh my god there's a genuine Nando's gift
card in here it's from Jay Devon and the
person that made me do those who said
they buy me a Nando's if I dyed my hair
red Jade Alana thank you so much but I
can't I can't accept this look I got
except this I mean I did dye my hair at
Fernando's to be fair oh no I made it
through this entire thing without
looking too stupid and now I get this
where's my me this thank you but I hate
you at least I get my thumbnail out of
it free yeah that's all for today thanks
everyone for sending me things yet I
still long as the stuff is but yeah I'm
going to leave it there for today tell
you so much everyone who sent stuff in
thank you for making me look stupid
have a great day I'm gonna go be
someone's Lobster she is Lobster as a
friend quiz you got that irate you say
guys watchin and three I will share this
to JJ but I want to be shellfish yeah my
mom mom said it looked horrible but told
her I was prune this way or morning
acrylic on absolute Valentine's Day
Kajal I'll call you later ha ha
