now you guys know I like to keep things
fresh on this series so I'm doing
something I have never done before we're
not that's it yeah my hair's a mess I'm
wearing a hat what we sold Brookes we
haven't sold anyone else so yeah we
still have eleven thousand coin top
coming this week wasn't very helpful
quick so Alex answer and by Lukaku
that's not going to do that mine I mean
I appreciate a bad Susie a good bet
second top comment to change the name of
the series to hunter is the first and by
George best again great bands but 11,000
going to buy me shit so we go all the
way down to a third top comment which is
by Sterling and Marni as backup let's
don't know if I can wear a heart it just
it just feels wrong on my appetites off
I feel like I look like a lesbian you
know what screw it we try everything
once and we leave it as it is we want
him at the right forward so yeah is a
little bit more expensive right now but
it could potentially be worth it I see a
34 contract 299 Fitness there we go
2,200 we still what 9,000 points but
don't have that's enough to Sperling oh
my god it is he's own what blatant -
wait wait wait what what 2,900 here he's
like 7000 and there's another 125
contract and I okay this seems time to
take shape and spit we got sterling
alright we got a solid team but let's
have a quick reminder of how the leagues
go in oh yeah that's right it was all
Graham well until last episode you know
I can't wear this I can't cause that's
no better but I'm wearing a tank beef
nap tank beast fucking out very tired
I'm very late anyways we only need one
win but we have two games today if we
get one win we get promotion two wins
the title zero wins and we stay in
Division three yes again oh my god if I
even draw both I don't get promoted
I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg I beg it's
a decent team can't tell anything from
that here we go here we go god wait wait
oh I blocked it make a tackle make a
tackle I want an early go going hunter
turn out so I thought that I'm not ya
know my co so I'm like I'm giving birth
every episode I'm just playing it right
out why don't know how I feel up okey I
mean is this kind of talking to me I
keep seeing a little symbol but I don't
calm bail for my headphones in can't
guys what wait wait can we have a little
no you know what I want to hear what
this guy's to say I was trying to hide
this Barnet but here we go let's see
what what's he saying you stop talking
too soon as I put these in please
William can you stop
no no no what what's going on go on
Scott slimy come here come here the foul
somewhere please riff just something to
give me a little bit of hope and say
where's your place you don't have please
I forgot there's a ball um it's a decent
pass no no stop using your wings bro
stop no chicken I don't give him another
chance this is you just taking the mick
is that you okay we can we can just end
the half rest no no no you don't end it
now you will look yeah see told you you
suck you off and you fucking huh is
awful I have no words it was just awful
man we may as well go attacking now we
can slowly budge it up to all that
attack you know because there's no point
that we have to wait I don't know what
I've got my headphones in the ain't
talking to me he's literally just
moaning every now and then are you mad
fuck Butler no one check robust limbs
through o ye ye buggy that's my sensor
back oh my god he fucked up
he pops up hunter I love you I love you
bro oh holy shit
it's game on now got that we got that no
I read it yes yes yes yes in out shake
it all about you do sorry how did it
even like a big nose or something is
either got a very jagged nose it bounces
off angles ah this is the straighten
because there's no frickin point in a
draw so I need oh no oh no oh no Oh
dearie me
nice Coleman guys very nervous I can
talk and I can feel it I can feel the
nerves pass it all right why doesn't he
want me if you liked this series he
should let me school I have nothing I
have nothing on nothing look look how
defensive he is bang all my days yeah
and then he's gonna pass it going and
then we'll caught you little shit yes so
I thought that's what I thought the shut
up oh my god this guy he just boots it
up as well like he's on the defensive
counter-attack and he just boots it
you're I just wow look at that it got a
shot on we've got a goal with hunter
though I guess but we have to win our
final game I humbly
we're actually not we're not going to
get promote we get one 5 k + 1 7 and a
half K pack and that's it most I mean a
5k pack is effectively used I mean we
get a real I don't even know what badge
that is visca currently we've already
got it seven and a half K pack here we
go come on please a 5k pack was better
than that oh my oh you know what we're
going straight into the night yeah my
car I can't deal with the pressure of
not knowing if I'm going up or not
pretty much good off strongest team
except you know we got campaign tzedakah
solar and we got the new boys early this
is a big game all right we got an
Everton fan and one Everton player makes
complete sense please see far just FIFA
just do me a favor this time okay let me
have a nice game and just win this oh
he's he's alright he's not bad oh he's
good he's alright it's good he's good
he's not even all right he's actually
good Oh okay we've got our work out for
us now go on sterling go on sterling on
his debut what his debut what a savior
sterling oh my god I beg you quit I beg
I beg I beg a beg you quit oh yes
darlings very good one touch oh my god
that was awful
that was awful that was such an awful
touch sterling can say can't say puzzles
it okay our name Sammy he does should
have been a better time to be taking it
through more Oh see the last guy was
two-nil up again for me and I'm tuning
it up against him I'm not comfortable
until more than to nail his TVO's
through Oh sugar would I do here what a
bit old that's what I do that's what I
do
that's what I do oh I've mmm
questionable questionable Simon I've
slowed him down I'll play past it huh
no I get my player went away oh I'm
gonna draw I'm gonna lose I don't know
but I'm not gonna get promoted I've read
that I've read that too I read both of
those and yet one of them he just turns
in and one of them he somehow like nut
makes me I've got JJ's hair going on
right now look at what is this gee thank
you rescue have another on target the
same smart Simon smart play smart
Oh whole one so nervous I need to win
actually I know it does ago
like genuinely my player ran away
it didn't look on to anyone oh my god
I'm gonna lose I'm gonna lose I'm not
even gonna draw I'm gonna actually lose
this game play man REME rip fucking as
Tina quit ah good effort though sterling
run that's what you're here for you were
here to run
what is that for a touch oh my oh my
please okay come on give me the ball
he's on it as low any even like
defensive right now rest rest rest
oh my god oh my god oh that's it my made
it through why we go there we go look
very many benefits No okay we got we got
a lot back no stop him stop him stop him
please please please he's gonna trance
he can't what's he gonna do from that
side these are slightly soft studies are
studies aside oh my god my heart stopped
for a second go Valiant you have pace
your pace pace farside right
what what what for your line oh my god
no not straight from not straight from
kickoff not straight from kickoff my
flank this is it this is it we've done
it we've done it we did it we frickin
Club promotion I shouldn't be
celebrating early and for gamers to get
three points look how beautiful that is
pretty much 17,000 coins right now we're
in Division two I think we said
promotions to Pike's winning the league
is three plus two packs plus another two
girls is another pack Plus aren't the
goal is four packs just to get promoted
I'm going to open one of these and then
I'll open to sell in the half k-pax okay
so one 15k pack I keep thinking there's
going to be a pause we might get a
walkout but no we just get a get Allen
Allen other big Barrow
leaves player gold we came up a walk out
of my er you know what I'm just going to
quick sell them I wanted a 2000 coins
now we get two of these two of these bad
boys what is it it's
witzel now the final pack of the episode
I'm so happy that I won that game
honestly you have no idea like I was so
worried about having to do this division
again but now we get me we get fun good
job me we get we get myself now I can
play with myself Matt no I am going to
go play with myself thank you guys for
watching
we have almost 20,000 coins let me know
you'll need to do with that our team's
looking pretty good right now but 20,000
coins but let me know who you want me to
buy thank you guys very much for
watching and please
