doing an interview with the Seidman you
other side man now just you two yeah yep
so this is a one-word interview so I'm
gonna ask you questions and you can only
Alice with one word is that okay yeah
that's two ways to still say more than
me about gangsta minute why say model
more money answer my question I just
asked you a question why is there more
than one no good okay so why do you
think I brought you here gangster you go
right sure I want to know Josh what's
your favorite thing about evening penis
yeah sensible that's a favorite thing
one word please you got to wake up as
dead G one day what's the first thing
you would do what are your thoughts on
Logan poor silly even foolish you wake
up one day and you can only listen to
one song for the rest of your life what
some things one word answers Josh I said
I was done that's one word mister
brother one word I mean even one word
Alex up nicely know much who would you
give you a channel to if you had to give
it away
okay evening folks why me
all right you have a time machine you
can travel back to anything in time or
forward what would you go to a family
you just go future
interesting you're in the in a war
violent
what do you anything is the meaning of
life love Ethan they say his penis first
and now that's who's gonna win the JJJ
well a fight on a d-day why big what's
the one most important thing to you in
life you said car it's one word I don't
know I'm interviewing me I'm
interviewing them ask them a question
please do a question no no later okay
what do you think you have a magic lamp
three wishes what
you can use a word for each they first
wish second wish third wish well thank
you and you're not allowed to say the
same words what's your favorite video
you've ever done all right this is a big
question you had the power to delete
that's why why why so the final today
this is a big one why do you like me
