younger look going on and welcome to the
Twitter Q&A my hair is finally not that
red for those looking kinda ginger right
now which is even worse okay one group
of people offended already asked you
guys on Twitter for some video questions
to send in for me to answer I've chosen
about like 14 we're going to go through
them now and answer them it is not a
question but can you tell us the secret
okay so we start off with not a question
you don't screw it okay a secret until
the age of about 14 I used to think
those Terlet signs were toilets
you know I've fixed up I learned to read
and I realized there was a space another
night it was pretty embarrassing thank
you what what was an ending I guess if I
was black my name would be Simon because
I'm not racist names could be anyone yes
right you expected me to go with a
racist answer I guess which drink fuck
you really that doesn't even suppose
that sent this in that isn't even then
because it was a girl that sent in that
question that's not a girl you're just a
very manly girl I've seen this guy
before
no that's definitely not the person who
is sending the question though there was
no a question it was fuck you unless
that is a question like fuck you yeah
what do you think you won't be lonely
for once in your life and have a
Valentine this year Wow
so getting shot from everywhere right
now I mean most likely yes I will still
be lonely us let's vote the way she even
says like once in your life boy beat man
maybe you'll have a video idea where I
finally you know who knows whether it's
online and omegle or whether it's in
public or whatever is the most annoying
and loudest me inside the house who is
the loudest housemate hmm but that's a
that's a tricky one
Bob yep no idea that could be no idea ah
ah ah but annoying is is he annoying my
oh no he's not annoying you see it's Jay
Jay Jay Jay Jay is definitely changing
tell you what though Vic used actually
to be the loudest by a mile but he's
quieting down and Jay did suddenly
learned that you can play musical
instruments very loud so the answer to
both is Jay Jay if you got any song why
this one is in my eyes we wanted two
songs I guess the first one being run
away by the sunstroke project okay I've
changed my mind
typed a serenade it to me and it was
awful the other one Gloria Estefan conga
mom shake your body baby through that
song I know you think I taught yourself
any number someone taking my baby that's
gone bad no you can't control yourself
Kenny's not that why just because it
would be awesome to see someone birth
through like that has jg always been
that useless inside men clubs so about
the one I'm walking home from school
didn't even notice the wind and I mean
take a look for yourself this is back in
the old days oh god oh god
don't oh god no oh God oh it is a legend
Carla shove schewe shoobie doo doo we do
not - because the guy McCloud was
screaming for it I'm not gonna say
anything I'm letting you judge it okay
my question is always the worst thing
about having braces because I have
I want to know your experience with them
the worst experience about braces is the
day you get them tightened and you can't
like I don't know if I have like
sensitive teeth or something because I
know my brothers both have them and they
were fine biting into something birthday
you get them tightened is hours straight
on just like soup mash you know cheese
like cheese well pasta you know that
kind of stuff and stuff where you
literally just like put in your mouth
and swallow mad thing I don't to think
about it I've made it past those times
I'm out what am I looking at why it's
not penis well I hope I wasn't actually
it probably blurred it just to be safe
hi Simon
I was wondering what is your favorite
dessert you you want to know my name is
going never saw treacle sponge
all right you used to be cheesecake and
then I like overdosed on cheesecake and
just I don't want anymore
would you rather keep your accent or get
any accent of your choice I would
Russian accent don't know why now you
know I'd stick with my accent I'm you
know like I'm used to it because I don't
have an accent to me but if I had an
accent of someone else is it wouldn't be
an accent to me with it it's too deep
the afternoon
what is your funniest memory today
doesn't have to be it can be some
childhood up to now what is one of your
funniest memories give us a little story
may man money well uh funniest story
something for ya so this is a really
hard one to get across how funny it was
at the time but I'll try my best so
typical Friday night you know with the
lads me I mean the lads I'm in pre drink
sprinkles at the house that's gone the
night out couple the last makes about to
arrive here and knock on the door open
the door it's my mate who will remain
anonymous only am holding half the pizza
like it looked like Gollum with the ring
though we carry on drinkin we're just
planning some drinking games et cetera
et cetera and he's there saying like if
you touch my pizza you're dead and I'm
not like he's like he's a big Duke so
Liam's a big I mean the anonymous man is
a big dude soak up all this night out
drinking dancing on the pole you know
lads we had our man all this dude is
talking about is his pizza it's not even
it so cold past pizza it's not even good
so we get back and it
his drunken stay he suddenly turns into
a nice chap and he's like oh anyone want
to fly anyone so one of the other guys
says oh yeah I'll have a slice a little
bit a little bit smaller and Liam is
very I keep saying his name it's
anonymous
I just call him a for now okay he has
his knife over the pizza like this and
when he says a smaller slice in his
drunken state he literally just goes all
right there and as I said he's a big
dude okay so I got some like super
Superman strength and cut down ah
honestly I like it's funny it was funny
at the time it's not funny now because I
feel like a bit he didn't stop was the
main thing he didn't stop and I know
you're thinking this isn't funny Simon
just meet when you're drunk and your
friend makes a mistake of this
proportion as well and like he's a big
duty but he can bully he's standing
there just like blood gushing from his
thumb onto the pizza by the way which we
were to go at him for because you know
that's a waste of food so we just
laughing a paramedic finally arrives and
we noticed his name is John Boy so we
kind of don't let John Boy do his thing
and we sit there just you know asking
relevant questions while liam a is
slowly losing blood in the corner of the
room there you know we find out where
his last holiday was how many chocolate
mousses he has a week the John Boy
points out that he's got a lot of
equipment and he can only take Liam on
his own I mean we're drunk we don't even
shoot where we send Liam off with this
stranger okay we're like Liam so that
may if you don't come back we know
john-boy had fun as any good friends
would do we ate that bad boy pizza we
saved him his life being the good
friends we are you know we left the
slice that had his blood on so yeah he
came back inside after about an hour of
waiting outside the front door in the
cold with this ridiculous bandage on his
film dil thinking he was pizza I love
that literally it's really hard to get
across but seeing him play fifa the next
day it was one of the funniest things in
the world anyway yeah it Liam's fine now
no Simon if you sp
one whom to drink for SEO life what was
that bleach hey sorry the video is
probably late but my question is do you
use basement
I do see I had a plan to have a face
mask when I cut back to me here and be
like yes sometimes for pretty much
everything I would put on my face would
even look like I'm doing 100 layers of
cum challenge one black facing and
that's just racist so yeah I'm gonna
just you know just leave it there and
say no I don't wear face masks
yeah thanks everyone to send in their
questions I hope you guys enjoyed the
video if you did leave a like that
you're watching and push
