so many coins okay it's not that many
it's 8,800 but we sold these players you
sold you know five of them and we still
have another four to sell not only that
if we win both games today we get
another 11,000 plus like another
thousand for playing the games cluster
pipes we get the gold literally I'm like
my own bank right now the only problem
is we don't have left and right forward
if they get tired am right now Mario is
tired farm a will be tired next game so
we do have a bit of a problem so you
guys need to let me know who to buy as a
backup maybe I should buy money because
I did not buy him last time and I need a
backup anyway those players are gone the
top comment this time was if drink water
gets in asturias after you've 25 pounds
of charity obviously I think it was
every gold was 50 pounds I think our
total is only at 50 pounds right now
hopefully the assists will you know help
for that yeah at the end of the season I
will do like a donation you'll be like
at the end it'll be one big donation a
hopefully big donation because normally
at the end of the series I do like a
live stream and this year's live stream
should be trying to do division one or
it maybe it could be a foot champions
weekend but now Division three we have
gone five wins in a row let's see if we
can make it step about six first I let
me see where you go I want to make this
another win but you have two related
nobodies Butland flatland it was gonna
be nice to me today gonna be amazing for
me and trash for you I'll be Jang I know
he's a vegan at least it means he
doesn't want be okay he's playing some
slow ass football give me the ball
give me the button yeah you can set for
there you go okay now we got the ball
let's go oh shit he's just pile of dough
you said you looking good for me oh my
god it's BBK oil who is this no no who
is this this is a Jamie first of all I
know this isn't gay Emmy quick check
Twitter and notifications okay no maybe
maybe he'll only message me after he
beats me alright let's not lamb beat me
then whoever it is he's decent like I'm
not gonna lie this guy's and he's not
bad oh we might make some mistakes
though come here and also commit no no
no nope what I didn't even beat me that
he doesn't actually defend he just tries
to block everything and then
during a knot that wasn't a part that
wouldn't so tell me now as I say past
Who am I playing right now the gang
reveal yourself and doesn't want to know
who I'm playing maybe if I can reach out
to them they'll let me win need to let
him go to the ball pass it in y'see
okay you know what posit that pop in
what are you throwing Smalling on a run
Smalling on a run
who would have thought Smalling that's
why ah okay come on hunter come on
know what hot like and then that was so
shit like Mataji literally like just
watch the board and you little like
dance around it so I'm a sunny with some
oh oh sorry what was that sorry I think
you get to that I beg okay you know what
scene knows I was meant to Bella Rin
okay this is bad this is very bad very
very bad tweet me a picture of this I
need to know who it is I'm not I'm not
getting anything through right now I'm
never going to know who this demon is
well I mean we can we can always try our
best
that was also came at it you know what
you're gonna hit that over the wall oh
no it was stop calling me ah these guys
forced rating is that look look look
look look look he's still got all these
he's still he's still got yeah man I've
tackled him okay I don't really know
what it's no way boom there we get get
pop it like out some well don't go sonic
runs on eggs off of that sorry you took
a gear to shoot I pressed it as soon as
he made contact with the ball the first
time I've got something wrong with my
players and there's his third oh you are
Thank You Portland what runs through the
Portland you know what ultra sucking
script there's nothing else to lose
right now except more dignity which we
pretty much don't have right now Sarnia
gets Pepe are you mad
happy okay keep it up oh people oh no no
no no no no no no no no no at least give
me a pack out of it come on please
please
sorry what the fuck was that hunter like
what in all names was that get that get
oh wow okay okay good hunter hunter
please just get one there we go there's
at least a seven-and-a-half kpac out of
this oh my god oh my god I don't know
why bayous here what are you what just
at the bottom final second with Eric by
E those four promotion as well that
could have guaranteed us promotion
I mean hunts have got a goal give this
shit we lost but we do know it was it
was Charlie C done 95 he said he scraped
and stayed in the division sorry mate
Thanks at least leads a nice buzz I'm
just so happy he didn't message me and
be like lull beat you you suck ha ha ha
what we get one seven and a half K back
I'm doing this one I know some people
said no but you know where it's red so
does my hair we're going for it three
points let me go it's hmm you know we're
just gonna put you straight up I don't
know what you'll go for but everyone
else you Asian chuckles fine I should go
jerk off 12 seconds later ah all right
where were we oh yeah we need to win to
get promoted again all right soon as it
seemed were using I'm really complain I
mean hope we win by we got a Liverpool
FC I mean shocking he has three
Liverpool players he's got almost as
many monsters he plays great this is
gonna be a fun game there we go I guess
let's go come on Rushford is on instead
of saarne and we got Marcial back now
triangles lads this is what we like
geometry and dat or three geometry
hunters hunters touch is awful oh shit
oh yes Butland thank the Lord for that
and one just give me a chance just give
me an early chance to just destroy his
soul form no I honestly I tapped down
there that was that went straight where
is my team where's my team at where's my
where's my team I'm not having a good
day mode so you go there you go click on
and touch Hunter hunter does that count
as with your sisters well I may have
just been 25 husband guarantee whatever
it is devily a seven and a half k pack
because hunters
here we go here we go hunter oh no no
into my guy Rushford Russia oh there's
always that big defender of the blacks I
just can't get past Oh
Coleman with the ball in common oh no
it's awful but there's no one no one
runs that's a problem
Russia is building come on snow nice oh
oh oh
that pass was a mantle it was a mantle
see the triangles see the truck
ha ha ha ha ha
far far turnout now it's back oh what
did I say no no no oh god that's a goal
so unless it's lust there I don't know
how he just always seems to have like a
3v1 scenario at the back sorry team when
did this happen
when did this happen yet no CrossFit
going first time Anna bred it keep em
almost what they'll feel even though I
read it was about hurry up
Hoff's it no I would have gone I am NOT
doing well guys I am having a terrible
day at fever rash good great run great
run fantastic flip and run dribble
pen pen dr. Blaine good that was a great
tackle by the way unlucky we got to go
with hunter don't we like we need the
packs so here we go do we get a target
we don't get a target okay you know what
there we go that's top top left that was
a fucking disgustingly bad penalty and
I'm sorry to everyone watching I'm gonna
punish him so the mistake that I just
made boom boom boom what he can just
catch that willy-nilly holy cow holy cow
holy cow he's just gonna keep going he's
gonna that was no no this was like so
almost scored beautiful beautiful
Russian is the only one to a bit what
are you drawing hands up what the give
me the friggin ball and get me a gold no
no no no
no no he's probably gone no it does ago
what what what what what what far week
let's go all out who's this
John phones is fucking keeping up with
me are you mad
are you mad John phones yeah he didn't
know how I was gonna get past them there
what's the safe get off get off get off
get off get off
that's my fault why are you not changing
why have I not what have I done what
have I done I could have taken a touch
oh my god that's it that's it stay on
the edge stone the edge stony edge and I
run back that it's like that he fights
it right last chance ready for a drawer
as well your dickhead run run laughs and
completely thrown
bullshit you know what we only got two
packs today so we're just going to open
two of these as well why not
by the way it did actually count as a
drink water assist so 25 pounds of
charity relief so at least we got
something out of this episode the Nando
torres after the end of the episode mr.
day I can't believe we didn't win one of
the games now we have two games left we
got a win both yep title win anyone wins
get a promotion but the title is what we
wanted now I'm genuinely like a little
bit worried that I might not get
promoted but thank you guys for watching
yeah let me know what you want me to do
and please
