was your highlight of 2017 and why I
mean we're only a weekend I know who I
had like two days ago it was a really
good poop I don't really know what to
say I haven't done much in this years
we've had a week you said 2017
nothing nothing I don't need nothing
right we got Danny alpha slowly building
the defense so what are we doing oh my
god
why we got all face I think to buy late
like a blue touch paper agility dog
sounds it's a game
no it's not it's a dick it's frozen
Jesus Christ
hot you look like a lesbian yeah fucking
how much sighs I see horrendous
these first thousand is a nightmare now
so my mad nice name okay look you
Kearney rapid if you're touching other
guys knees okay but we can be crappers
so what you'll go to song sing in the
shower
okay I see great that rivers wife is the
government you can't do one big one no
I'm sure are you going to kick your left
foot if they're that good
you can left foot top in
I feel like we I feel like oh my oh my
oh no ok you know what I'm gonna take
that I will take that gladly this thing
that was good again good look he's
dabbed on me I don't want to do any more
punishments I like my that ain't good
alright so apparently the reason I'm
thinking is because I have a small penis
so I'm watching a video you guys link
called a youtubers guide to getting a
girl guys you're getting a girl the guys
are getting a girl the guys are getting
the girl they go no no no follow thee
and you'll have a girl before you know
it
not taking lessons of him I'm sorry I
don't want to judge someone but I'm not
taking lessons of him did you see that
wing oh well seasons and a Google search
of me you realize I know what I look
like right firm and if you have to
compare these boots for a musician
dude it'd be aa holy week James after
things off yeah side all right
disappeared for a while they got dropped
no they may never come back in Martin we
just go away to like one or two more all
right shots sort of subside in if they
fail down my life forever
look so deep Oh Oh make it as a like
it's my life
let me relief instead mouth up when you
get one shot
that was Jay let's not James offer walk
out come on come on we go away
who's the please please please okay oh
good put the big ones as well we got
Noah
boy we got no oil
98 rated Noah
boom boom motherfucker boom whatever I
seen this one you haven't seen oh oh oh
my god out of people I've seen that
video before dude I haven't seen oh he
dropped my bum is gone oh well you got
the point Toby yeah come on please
please please please please
I know actually carried on aa marine
blue would you kill Jay Jay four million
pounds
ha ha ha okay well what shit holy shit
find yourself bunion and we'll top it
off with some lemon juice just to make
you so I can't taste anything thank you
I'll get some mama in there for the
texture oh I really hope that this Moss
the taste of the Tabasco and the other
oh and I was genuinely like taking a
shit oh yeah yeah then instead of you
know like following us akela shop with a
line which is going to have some bean
boozled as well so here we go I'm sorry
I'm sorry for losing guys also you can
check out the future no way
Thanks yeah here we go
yeah what are you gonna put your home
well alright would your bow bro
I'm an unboxing general alright I know
what I'm doing anyways as I said back to
the unboxing all right
who's right JJ was right there we go I
don't even know what I said she might
bye-bye Navy got like no for lucky
please never mind ok button my mag did
you take them up at the pub I still have
my headgear he be talking with each
other - and my dudes get let me out put
them in the absence of a keep mum what
about you g7 got one with about bulgy so
game I might just breathe everyone keeps
saying that you feel like Kanye when
you're wearing these so how do you feel
no different really
mmm what what what type of night there's
a pirate black I will explain the part
you got a blast but I don't have any
thinking about Big Daddy this is a
terrible joke
Simon Says your bars were weak you're
bothering week not when week your bars
were weak electro slamming says your
bars were weak I heard your bottle weak
your bunch know your bun will weak what
Alexa Simon Says your bars were weak
your Goldwing your balls
no okay we go on we actually don't know
okay you know I don't care if I can
actively like to be happy and you know
what not even live-streaming bitches I
got a frickin blue all in the first one
wait I actually won something I want
five pounds we made it I didn't buy this
would be but they were did I would have
made a profit this is the face
scratchcard just haha fuck fuck I hang
me believe it I won 50 thousand 50
thousand 50 thousand I was like yo I
think actually won and then I just see
on the pack is that you must be in
possession of a real scratch car
- clay hello darkness my old friend I've
come to talk with you again because a
vision softly creeping just love to quit
YouTube oh I got these me and Toby both
got pair boots too long with Delhi Ali
dominate solanki okay okay okay okay
okay okay okay okay
walkout and an in-form bar inform set
f√†bregas I am cashed I am fabric -
right now that's not why you're lying
shut you really not do this you guys
know you're there go ahead get it cheap
instead keep it just another note but I
mean it okay
yeah yeah I'm going to go you know play
with play with this you know no it's
already turned on
well assignment how many times your des
was terrified I don't know what he said
I don't know what the end of that work I
don't I don't want to know what the end
of that was but whatever it VA wrote so
let's go play
no wait an exam on a street light of
what you know I wasn't listening to that
it was just you know saving this one
