some of them so what are you doing
um unboxing you okay so yeah don't
destroy your PC really yeah so today we
are going to be unboxing an omen by HP
it's a new computer it's I'm pretty
excited about it i I know Vic and Josh
have done one before and yeah now it's
my turn so first up we have the the plug
yep
always good to have a plug now the
unboxing okay so you ready for this
smooth weather why why you don't put
your hand bro
well you correct what your Oh bro I'm an
unboxing channel alright I know what I'm
doing anyways as I said back to the
unboxing alright who's right JJ was
right there we go here we go actually
I'm bossing it now oh oh I'm so bad at
this I'm online are so smooth it's like
that is like so bad this is it so yeah
that's it thanks for watching guys and I
know the audience I'm gonna be pissing
okay you can disable the comments hahaha
run away alright so first up we have a
manual okay you ready for the big real
not worried dude a moment okay I'm more
than ready now okay okay I don't think
I'm ready
seriously bro like just open that's okay
alright
what is that what is on the table what
you see on the chat I saw big do it Oh
almost forgot a wire Oh European plug
that's wintertime look at this mmm look
myself in there oh oh yeah okay okay
let's stop stop you ready okay to your
left bro oh you should see me struggling
there yes you're soiling oh cool all
right well sandbags up oh listen look
isn't that it's not what fake boobs made
of Oh does it feel like it mmm that's
all the filler booth almost I feel like
this deserves to be treated with respect
you know I don't want to just rip this
off I mean it is a cube computer you
just stroking it no I was gonna whip it
off all right here we go three two one
oh that's the wrong way around
really awkward forum it you know what
mmm what would turn round no did it say
oh wow yeah yeah I'm from the floor cuz
I'll totally legit so as you can see
this is a pretty ridiculous machine and
oh right this is the best bit that's it
think to peel stuff oh my OCD goes wild
with that well as you can see they're
like three compartments so it's like
really easy to customize or so I've been
told anyway so you know you can like put
in whatever I'm gonna take this off I'm
just putting I'm finally your mousou
so each compartment is like really easy
to customize you can like put in easy
stuff like if you look at this yeah come
over come on come on all right so you
literally just pull out and then unlock
and then boom there
one of your hard drives that hit my knee
I was very yeah obviously very
accessible cuz it's a cube you know you
know how it is
huh what that was that was serious
trouble job it wasn't a joke a cube is
easier to access cuz look I can access
their an N just short anyway I've
unscrewed the tiny screw see that up
kind of sit oh you want it your Nezumi
management yeah you see that
okay don't watch that you ready for this
it's gonna be like the spaceship taking
off so this is the inside of the PC
mm-hmm boom there we go
look at this Oh looks really red I guess
it's ready to go
uh-huh look your hair I knew that I
listening you know what I've been
waiting for this exact same thing like
this joke about red red you know okay so
obviously you know I'm not I'm not the
the biggest spec guy but I do know that
a machine like this is gonna get pretty
hot but it has liquid cooling and
dedicated fans so it doesn't you know
this is the cool PC I don't know what
way I mean it like it's cool and it
stays cool you want you know not
following nothing you know that the fans
keep it cool I don't know it's a great
way yeah so inside is dedicated fans and
there's also like there's basically
thermal management alright so you know
you just pop this back on there we go on
properly oh and if you come round here
inside is an Intel Core i7 6 700 K
processors you know know what that means
basically it it's sick obviously I'll
leave a link to the omen X by HP in the
description I'll leave that all the
stuff about the core i7 processor as
well but yeah I mean as you can tell
just looking at it you know it's gonna
be like pretty pretty mad but you know
what there's one more thing today what
turn it on oh oh yeah but before that
they haven't forgotten you guys JJ had
but they haven't forgotten you guys I'm
you forgot them okay you know what I'm
just gonna groupie
oh that muscled in horror I know that
you win you've seemed in horrible so
there was a tweet in the description all
you got to do is go over there like hit
retweet it at everything and one of you
guys will win one of these pcs whoever
gets that you're welcome all right JJ
lasting today turning it on my what
what's will happen you're going to dance
for it and that's how you normally ten
things on his net ha ha ha ha ha dad guy
lights
ah I can't see the pc3 - 100 100 I was
like a little dance this is it looks
even annoyed like this is genuinely like
nothing I've seen on the PC before and I
know it's just that it last farm
actually you probably got see me right
now look but just that it last time that
there's actually very quiet for such a
like big piece of mechanics so yeah
that's pretty much it for this uh this
this beast as JJ would say haha don't
you see as I said I will leave a link to
this in the description I will leave a
link to the Intel Core i7 stuff and I
will leave a link to the tweets make
sure you go into that giveaway and yeah
as I said you could win one of these so
yeah I'm gonna go you know play with
play with this yeah you know II know
it's already turned on huh yeah they got
some watching and peace
