today could be a very good day I have
seen people like Marshall Bateson and
many others tweet about getting a free
125 K pack because of the Lunar New Year
and yes I know my hair is red okay yeah
I know it is time for me to see this
pack huh
why does it say Tier three between 31
and 72 oh man not going to be something
that good is it so we got some coins it
looks like you have some items to do
with I haven't open a pack I don't know
this is for oh I mean cool we get a mega
pack that's a 25 case but okay hugs me
ah not walk out it swirls 40 oh they're
not even trade a hole why would I want
these now the top comment was a very
drastic comment later four three two one
action formation play hunter is a
striker have Marci our left forward by
Marnie or Sonny is right forwards and
gets Smalling at the back alright that's
what we're doing I will have to buy the
left mid the left forward transitional
card make up a bit too much for first
money or Sonny and Smalling alright we
found one 3000 coins there we go now we
just need some more legwork off I
already had him oh my god oh my I had to
be fair actually probably what it looked
off mortality to get the position
modifier so I mean maybe it was the
right thing today we're gonna get the
left mid to left wing no we're not wait
we will but it'll be for 9:50 I think
they just don't want us to get one no
maybe a thousand Oh
Lee cow I did not know he was that much
okay Chris Smalling is the next player
we will buy the annoying thing is now
there's no point having strikers because
hunter will play every game cocaine
Rushford Giroux all useless so this is
the new team that we're going to be
playing with we've got cyanate and we
have Marshall as a left-wing I mean
maybe maybe we should just get the left
going to at left forward position now
nope not buying that now we're saving up
a Smalling so we won both games last
time now we're still in Division three
if we win one more game with faced if we
win - today we only need one more yes my
math is correct we need one more win to
get promoted we're in a good position if
we win both today a very good position
oh my god here's a guess I swear this is
like the first time I played against a
guest in a long time show me what you
got friend and guest oh we saw Radford
walk this is just taste
you disgust me just like the song in my
ears everyone we need to work work work
work work work no nothing for that
nothing son may not a grape although is
it although he has Smalling oh no oh no
kendo is a danger no matter what team
he's on okay good girl I don't like that
okay he knows he knows the tactic of the
near post Wow his defense was higher God
and then Barney I should have lost that
so hard
hunters done so well he's done so well
until then he did well we've read it was
good Marshall Marshall brilliant letter
whoa that's a browser sick can say no
that's frickin sick bull bertrand don't
do this to me Bertrand Bertie old Bertie
Klaus great so Chris I think you're
almost happy so it is time the O'Neil I
mean I don't have any words really it's
been quite a dull ha
I completely forgot he had a partner as
well like I could not tell that this is
two people Katie nice posture Oh boom
that was a strike Danny drink what's up
for charity for charity I hit charity
gone and we're not taking it with him
gone there you go all right
hey what did i buy break when I said
that I was really weird ah you've got
two people we can afford to do you know
what let's try this it's just a lil dink
and then BOOM the work ah
and the sort of system simple hunter
throwing you can't put a player on the
line play me on side like that and then
not mark that yeah yes
this guy is disgusting maybe the guess I
don't know but whatever he's disgusting
oh wait oh wait I didn't even realize
strong calm and he's only got ten men as
a shocking balls that's why I don't
think it with a right back Johnny's
drink water for guarantee notes on II
wanna save you it's a goal saw Nate and
marshy out on their debut getting the
two goals you want to win and you take
off endo and wrestlers endo a mash
further the two ballers oh hello
let's see ah Coleman that's why you
don't know right back shoot look look
look
block him man block BAM there we
Joe now we now we're on is Daisy gets to
gold sunset what okay you're not you
know you know you're not gonna do it so
I'm just gonna have to go without you me
just gonna have to play without you
okay no that's why well well oh there's
a hunter Cole what we must have a plan
in the back of his head you know because
there's no way a hunter just Salemi wait
did I say a ragequit is more packs so he
got one goal of seven and a half the
others re number seven and a half and
then he got an assist so I'm gonna just
go where I'm we have three 7rk back so
maybe you should go forces enough
because he didn't quit and we're saving
the division so I said I'm going to get
four of these seven and a half K packs
but there are these seven and a half
which are 15k palace till seven and a
half k 7r k pipes is what I said and I
know you guys like packs so not great
first ones to be honest in my Chevy yeah
hack - here we go come on
father's but there's that awkward pause
I think that means it's like a rare or
something - or taste I don't know how
you say it see you later Erica special I
mean right so yeah I think he sells
final pack here we go come on final pack
no not a walk out again and that wasn't
the pause so you know my theories right
got out of that we've got like three
thousand coins that's good and we
secured safety in the division so now
we're going to play one more and if we
can win this we need three points to get
promoted in ball more games well one of
the first times ever guys I'm going to
use a fitness time and he's got 25 of
them because you keep getting them in
packs so I'm going to use this and we
are going to field our strongest team
look at this team I think that is our
strongest team we can get when I say
strongest I mean players that you told
me to buy not you know the players are
the highest rated Oh see I went with
sunny he's got money he has ma hsiao as
well guys copy of my series all right
here we go
strong gifts team I'll see how you do go
on run run bell rings with the pace with
the pace okay
you get up the comeback makes yeah he'll
where'd you just come from
yeah we know we all knew you were going
inside there but comes up it wouldn't
stop you though
Oh make second way central continue
continue continue
Ksenia one I mean who saw that outcome
happening yeah we knew that was coming
because just yeah a little bit too much
space down the line run ma hsiao run run
please get me touch at the gate LT Oh
rev thank you rest he just tried to eat
my legs or some Mike Dean man united
treatment going on here guys ah he gets
lucky and he scores yeah brilliant
I knew the only way he was gonna score
was if he got lucky and look at this
it's not gonna show the balance of it
you know what I recorded a game I can
just show you it without anything please
you owe me I'm so hung for a left foot
left foot finish that funny yes there we
go straight back into it I I just had
the sickest idea right
how cool would it be if you could get
custom things like out other EA Sports
catalog you could get custom things to
put on your advertising balls in your
pitch you know you can literally buy the
ability to just have like
youtube-dot-com forward-slash mini
mincer as my board I'd be sick you
whipper falling for there and then just
about the whole time no please touch
please ye-yes buggy
no it's by you know I always have my
free kick not that interesting of a
heart is what smashed or I'm dying place
through late through Katrina oh that
would go in top corner though that's
good genuinely gonna pop inside this is
what we like Bella in with the pace
cellar in with the bullet what's up all
go hunt side to one I'm after something
okay that's our needs away again you
know what thanks take a corner okay
nobody work because we'll keep a board
keep on oh come on solder pin so sit ah
I was really well played really we sons
very very that playmate
that's like times we just got to accept
that this was really really nice play he
says be serious get rid what
what are you you so much love that for
me now the pressures will change the
pressures will change fresh it'll change
any roses doing bits to me right now
okay we're going to take the time we're
gonna take the time and past it oh oh oh
plus boom very nearly work so I was
almost nice place I don't know why chips
it so the work is about much beyond so
cool three so this game is meaning a lot
to me now Division three is pissing me
off aren't they doing bit doing bit
triple tap fit and Bank on sauce there
we go home so than a half k pack there
you go there you go hunter can you get
another into another if I want to add to
it you know that's the special part
there it is five mad these have been
great second half three goals for Hunter
two goals their first three seven
healthcare pipes or promo plus of the
southern Hulk a pack for the other two
goals the main thing I'm guest about is
the 15 point we win on HTM you know we
win the title we're into Division two
and we get all the coins and everything
so yeah 1 7 1/2 K pack for the Sonny and
Mark Schauer gold so we'll open this one
first
yeah danyetta I'll put him up for sale
for it now we got three goals with
hunter which means we could have one of
these I don't know that doesn't seem
like three worse than maybe not much
thick and just get three of these I'm
going to go for three of these instead
and three of these instead of the 17
Gabe axle should we go one and two no no
we met as well so you say we may as well
right we open one of the others well
open this as well come on it's a bigger
flat that's a bigger flat of someone we
could use Cahill John Terry we don't
want mister steal yo girl you know what
just because I wasn't great we're going
to do open some of these as well so the
two player rare gold packs we can't
neither untradable as well so Herren
lien parents sent me to the club right
well open one more and then that's it
thank you guys for watching keep letting
me know the comments the players you
want me to buy and everything actually
as a smaller than that Palacio that's a
decent place I kept sullen we have
15,000 coins right now and I for the
Smalling okay
12250 so we still got three thousand
coins our team is looking slowly this
he'll let me know what you want me to do
if we manage to win both games next
episode we will get another 11,000
Cuenco will be on like 15 thousand coins
roughly because of the extra coins we
get to playing so let me know you want
me to buy all what you want me to do
with the rest of the players say you
guys watching and please
you
