oh yeah my favorite Mexican pancakes
yeah
so why that's chicken that's kind of
weird when you wake up and forgot what
you did yesterday what is this why is
this in my head one wash later and it's
back to normal thank God I look like a
pink come to jizz in my face no fucking
boring why would you do this
just time you break through the door to
take the weapon take the weapon from him
fuck you take it in now I'm careful I'm
getting fuck we lost you oh god everyone
keeps better you feel like Kanye when
you're wearing these so how do you feel
no very different really hmm
what what what type of a little pair of
blacks oh I would explain the part I
like that you know the last time I
didn't have any big inelastic bad either
this is a terrible joke on you Julia
oh no oh no bad nothing about them oh hi
guys I wanna play a game
so we're going to go through the
alphabet and yes come up with names the
baby
quickly I'm on mini Minter's bed for
your wee fangirls I'm here knowledge old
and I want to just let go it okay being
on the guys I don't like I don't like
this subject often we I said we're
talking about baby names oh sorry sorry
yeah so JJ you're going to start hey ah
Wolverine that doesn't begin with a head
man and man at the window
okay clitoris uh DS next bigger bigger
oh sorry
and wait why are you here I'm
introducing some friggin basketball we
are a natural ball back Academy where
the NBA is finally done for NBA sample
we would you think about nd example
Nigerian
thank that sensibility ocean which is
now he's not an actor
the papers not gonna win 20 news now you
can deal with the Phantom miss may we
walk me with the will I'll get my money
hey coach yeah good right now I
genuinely meant vodka coke like
coca-cola thank you sorry oh yeah well
more insight then I don't promote good
designers Mersey hey hi I'm Simon Oh
fabulous
yeah but look look at that we pop a
balloon
so here a Nickelback Basketball
Association right we're losing my
thought we'd always come others right
meaning an NBA nickel by Possible's you
know nice earlier of a long tunic Simon
yes right here doc did you not
definitely i'ma gonna fuckin do it for
Nigeria I'm not doing it this one fun
yes I'm not very I'm not doing it I'm
not just eases right ah you look like a
lesbian
yeah parked in Howard's sighs I see
horrendous okay what are you trying to
prove it I prove that a little better
Yoseob I can we try to prove that I am
right
I don't know what trying to please let's
go painting okay so we go I thought of
you fighting hit the town this is a
proper racism I'm not okay there's a
turn coming era what is that what is
that is if you launch into Raffi oh no
it's white it's like oh well she touch
you but my gosh you I thought she was
going I thought you found
Oh Yaya
stop we ever do without me this second
coming up burgers mmm
naima right let's see the final product
I see this hair oh god shit oh god is
really shares now only getting a lot
yeah yeah the rest had lesbian again
it's been like what a year and a half is
get Olivia houses been so nice not
having now we got little bit in the
house again the block this person said
they'd buy me Nando's okay if I did it
this fucking good Nando so 12 to 15
washes let's get to it because all right
I don't shower I cook your gay bar you
get loads of girls
