your goggles going on and welcome to
another hunting we will go top comment
today
sell all liga BBVA l players and buy a
new team by b√©la in and Marcial not
really sure where you want me to fly
marcia awful no I'll buy him but look we
have you know it says get fit because
everyone is selling there's only 15
minutes left off for the first game we
should know if any of them have sold a
couple of them have bids but Alvar is
the only one that's worth anything like
a lot then we will buy the players
meanwhile division 3 and as i said we
need a day when we win both games so I'm
hoping today is that day
so we're using this team the ppl team we
still have Danny drink water so we're
still looking to donate to charity
remember to keep its ally and even
freaking put Bruno eyes untradable
that's why he didn't appear there that
was weird all right we got a weird name
I don't even know how to pronounce I'm
not going to try and I am and all under
words always got Ronaldo strange and a
bump a lemon Robin this team is really
good
no I didn't even notice boy I am about
to lose I really said I need to win this
one as well come on no we can't you know
what stay positive Simon stay positive
and we will win what what does him does
him doesn't know them but how does Noah
he's got fucking lawyer in gold on we're
doing well we're doing well so do you no
excuse for not smell like top bins mate
oh my god it worked
thank you I love you thanks me bilges
both of you love you both oh don't come
back don't come back this quick not this
quick not this quick not this quick Jack
you scared me jack I'll Santi Santi
plays out wide hunter ball to nil and
that's a seven and a half K pack I do
need to win both games I haven't even
won this game yet oh no oh no probably I
please let's not pendous it okay I'll
happily take that he's gonna posit yes
yes we knew we needed that we knew he is
parting and he's gonna have to cross it
because it stopped
it's a good ball I see I'll take it now
to stop this attack stop this attack
45th minute he's gonna cut in he's gonna
cut in he's gonna cut in yeah it's gonna
cut in yes we all know he's cutting sort
of corner this is the goal ah 4050
minutes yeah go on go on mates go on
thank you yeah nice nice yeah get rid
get rid okay you know what
oh I didn't mean slide I didn't actually
mean to slide though there's a goal
see it's quite Boateng doesn't do that
in any other minute apart from the 45th
of 90th this game is broken man there we
go hard time so it's bullshit as soon as
it hits 46 minute I know it's a goal
I mean Lee I should have cleared it I
know now it's a struggle now like before
it was like oh we're to nail up this is
easy I don't know how to get okay you
know what Danny drink water for Jordi 23
water majority Oh we'll take it oh oh so
close I think the way to beat this guy
is to play slowly like you just passed
it foot why does it then it does that
and there's nothing I can do and his
other goal of a meringue well I loved
you doing I will go defensive just to
vent right slow and steady is the way to
beat this guy as I just said slow and
steady slow and steady slow slow slow
slow and steady whoa as I've been slow
and steady Duff another set of the Hulk
a pack here we go
going home for going hoods off what's up
you made it
the tackles and get to here I can get to
the edge but it's just the next bit it's
like next bit you know what hunter
Patrick Oh Oh sometimes those kind of
work you know the little little
stationary shot hunter hunter you know
what for the hat trick
why are you like you're literally
running in front of me cuz all right all
right we can still do that we can still
get another goal
Ksenia wisdom not sure if I like
continued you know and there it is three
one I am actually gassed about that
nines all around at the front there as I
said we need to win two games today to
make it like a good episode cause we
need to get promoted
that's humor Rosa and Alba have sold so
we can realistic it rid of these and now
we have 34,000 coins so now we're going
to get Bella in the guy you said I'm
getting this one he might be a little
tired but ninety seven contracts you
know we said now we looked for Marcia or
how much is a Marcia all going for these
days well where are we even buying him
we're buying as a left mid 400s to try
and get him for this so eighteen and a
half thousand we format the left mid you
guys need to let me know how to play
them because right now we don't have the
formation for it but we get one five
thousand coin pack because we got the
other goal summer know it they look kind
of alike now we get to seven half-gay
packs because hunter got two of them no
flare great hacks is just becoming so
terrible Kagawa okay we can sell him
we'll just put him straight up for that
I know I should look it up but it's not
the time right now we're serious sorry
Glen but get in replace I'm sorry I know
I know I shouldn't replace you've been
so good to me
Perez isn't gonna play either anymore
realistically he was really sick me
there for the links to the Spanish team
now we got better in my shit we kind of
needed better in this game we're gonna
play him anyway 89 fitness I don't
normally like playing people under
ninety don't get Monreal ago as well so
this is a team we're going for it's a
little little odd we'll give it a girl
who weight off for me where you going
your locker but it won't give me a fully
Mexican team but it's like Mexican in
Portuguese Romania it's different it's
different I like different that's why I
got these stuffed crust pizza
I know it's tired I'm late alright come
on this is the game this is the game if
we win this we have a very good chance
of getting promoted look how confident
we are when we have Cuttino on the pitch
go on Kane
okay clean thank you know what I'm going
to buy it
Oh No very cool very very cold lamb not
cold it as cold pizza it's just it's
just kind of lukewarm oh no no no no no
no nice by you nice come on keep it
tight in a back of it as tight as I do
at the back Simon in real life okay
no all bellowing oh I like that I really
enjoyed that big touch and then cane
hits it across the goalie for to nil
that's a seven and a half K pack as well
make him forfeit 15 yo nightclub scene a
gap scene a gap for camp they can take
walk a naive didn't have the position to
score you can't score if he doesn't have
a position oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no
no like I said no multiple times so that
you would take the hint but you just
didn't want to take it for some reason
I'm playing some excellent football
right now
excellent excelente the Italians say he
full three nil assist for hunter as well
come on Kane come on Kane how is this a
meadow dude I was he just beaten Cain
for peace like that's just flat-out pace
oh my god came Cain oh please please
just make it easier on yourself make it
using yourself just chain with the 10
out of 10 rating 10 out of 10 this one
right here Patrick as well hunter assist
that's a 5k pack you know what we'll
just call it 2 7rk packs because we've
got three goals that's one seven and a
half and a 5k and then it's the
huntresses to seven and half we made
some big boy movements today though look
look look at that but we just if we can
win three games out of six promotion so
last thing to do today is to get these
two packs to seven 1/2 k-pax I don't
know what I want though is the thing
getting these players valina I was the
West Brom player new home we're going to
get another walk out at some point and
it's going to be mad Witsel yeah they're
all just going towards the two player
packs on me speaking of which I did some
of these off-camera we have eight I'm
only going to open one now because we've
done well today normally I only open
them if we don't get packs well we'll
open one it wasn't a walkout it's a big
player a bigger player 84
Manila he's like one of the only people
we actually have well we can hit send
him to club and put him on the transfer
list I guess I screw it guys we'll open
one more just because why not OCP in
that you know I need the right amount it
an 83 84 again Oh for the league I'm not
using I'll be get more and
that's a piece of one yeah that's all
for today guys - be sure to keep liking
each other's comments because it's
actually very very helpful to know which
one I should do and yeah thank you guys
for watching
