you're not going on welcome back to
another episode of rat or crap I am
joined today with two very special
guests emphasize a short we have cow and
cow we drink you the names of yet so
we'll go with Luxan car nuts and cow so
you guys yeah I get it I'm going to be
reading ten different lyrics and they
have to try and do whether it is a rap
from an actual song or crap I think I
made it up so pretty much whether the
lyric is real or not
yes yeah can we have our expert rap
judge in the background want one you can
appease me the music alrighty then let's
get on with the first lyrics see first
I'm taking up too much mystery a little
better I'm new to this witty acting
these buzz lies a nice a nice little
nightmare
a nice name okay look you call me rapid
if you're touching other guy's knees hey
but we can be crappers the first lyric
is take you on holidays land on the
beach skin like mayonnaise is that rap
color you like you yeah I know I should
bury that right there is a tricky rap I
get you just good I'm gonna prove that
he doesn't know any shit that is a wrap
well they both went for rap because
calyx go on fucking reach what what does
that say you said rap I agree
well added a row that Simon MC mini
dizzle can make it as a wrap Hey the
next lyric is I'm actually a rap
connoisseur well you got that wrong so
the next lyric is
hoodie on my head pretty on my head
crepes on my beat jeans on my legs I
wear these cuckoo I say it like it's a
rat for me know all that hahahaha that
is cheeky guys fear not Mary
clothes on my head jeans on my leg
she's a Murphy no crepes I'ma be aware
that um
crap oh but the misspelled crap as well
well that again was MC Simon Minnie yeah
and one milk the cow jeans on my waist
honor you a way rest on my nose hi where
those go you know I fuck with you like
summer school and Lunchables
oh honey % I know it's wrong said oh
whoa where are you wrong crap with a
grunt is Robin can't be sine mental crap
is actually riff raff no no I know that
I'm watching thank you the next Mary is
tint darker than coffee my mouth looks
like ice hockey oh yeah it gives it a
print darker than my coffee tint darker
than coffee
yeah my mouth my mouth like hide cocky I
don't know if I would even class this
rap if it was what are we going for Cal
joke your shirts you know yeah I told
Wi-Fi and no side oh yeah over crap
outside you changed no oh well that was
sigh mm see finders one platform is
actually riffraff an awesome of Tiger
yeah so uh that was unwrapped I had ha w
changed it I'll see ya you should change
it I the next one ice on my wrist
that sure you hard for a bit okay anyway
round five get mama out LaHood with my
next bank check put her in a big house
with a new car and a turtleneck I was a
hundred cents that's crap do you want to
know why yeah uh I'm not going to give
you a reason why this is B at Oprah he's
listened to that weekend song where he
talked about his buying his mom like a g
wagon going to the grocery store my real
lavish and you try to like make his own
version so I reckon it's crap I reckon
it's fine well I mean the first thing is
I've never heard that weekend song and I
think in my life
oh the secondly is that once I'm an MC
does it yeah I do
I knew it I knew it all along
round six is I popped up like bread in a
toaster apple cobbler bread in a toaster
now that's definitely that's definitely
some electron in a rap it's a rap time
it is not that quick
probably some ever get to meet skip
during them you can tell him that with
crap oh oh you know fancies Matthew yeah
and you know he wants to see Jamie Eleni
it came here you asked the newsflash
she's fucking reader becoming lightly a
pound for my next lyric this is a good
one bitch pussy smell like a penguin
wouldn't hit that shit with my worst
enemy penis I swear I know what some
fuck I don't know that I'm not gonna do
it because I know the song ha ha ha
little suicidal you're not going to
share it to me come on hero 3 2 what you
broke this weekly I came on here just to
like chill for my coupons new jokes like
area to anyone go yeah baby
he said like why are you not showing it
cuz you said because I I know the song
yeah because I didn't want him to jump
on my shit me like Oh anything goes the
tongue he just shot the for coffee ok
anyway it was Danny Brown 3 1 let's go
Danny Brown Big Bang keep up the great
work and I took the East you said that
is a beautiful no I don't know why are
we okay we don't go to me house alright
there are three rounds left
I'm gonna allow you oh hey J the next
one is I think it better be good
so I fly a cap from straps till you
relapse and come up homie oh oh oh good
outside you are not something that's
fake isn't it it's real to begin with
fuck you fuck off expert baby taking
help me out to annually glad but that's
MC yeah a rapper I knew it I'm just one
one he has one but there may be a
surprise in the last question one point
ten points come on wait I'm gonna go up
the lyrics the lyrics Kayla let's go is
what you mean what's wrong with gay
people if I make a mistake I just rub
her till it's gone okay three two one
boom crap no let's go yeah yeah we know
that you let me know that no you know
that you we know that qu IET what you
know swing yeah it's always done a bowl
so excited well run across your fucking
face alright just because of that this
round is now worth five points so this
is basically sudden-death now because
it's too many rings like a champ ain't
touching a brick with no stamp my
diamonds they look like a lamp my dad
was a little left
yeah yeah I know that one no way don't I
win by one point
no this game was lost since a long time
you see sheet is three two one boom they
bum rap it was rap it was rid of the
kids right into the next question
yeah
I am a baronet this is just some that I
sell ice in the winter sell fire in hell
I'm a hustler baby I'm a hustler baby
yeah I know this should suck my belt I
got fire in the menthe Montour mint for
winter oh my god it's lemon mint sir oh
my gosh climate change I sell ice in the
winter I sell fire in hell I am a
hustler baby
the winner of raffle crap episode
something yes yes three two one boom
that means we have a winner we are
looking with updating you to pass me the
crown there has the crown yeah how it
washing showers gonna kill the winner is
it up please the winner is No thank you
so much for watching our convincing
winter mix thank you for your great
glory it was overcome but I huh Jay Jay
thanks to you help find a way you can
check out both in visitor channels in
the desert that prize money glad I ran
into the prize I know I was going to get
a debt the prize can't get this car I
really need to be here for the project
really no I think I'm gonna jump off
pocky balcony out on it if you win a
drone thank you so much how do I control
it
I don't know I mean you got a crown as
well anyway thank you guys watching make
sure you check out all the links in the
description
have a good day and flip
