okay it's the coldest day Wow terrible
winter glory today's challenge is the
crossbar challenge I'm sorry about the
wind I'm gonna be taking ten shots
although today we have special guests as
well we have Maddy who's behind a camera
IR and Jett have ten total for every
time we hit the crossbar I get to open a
pack in FIFA straight after this so I'm
gonna go first
hey the reason I got these two is
because I know I'm not gonna hit it so
do you think Andy you told me he was
good
Oh Oh can you hear that that bird is
crying for you
I've got two packs so far both of you
have hit it time for a third final shot
let's go okay guys what's up welcome
back to the FIFA part of this series we
haven't played in quite a while it's
been like what two weeks in a whole
year's 2018 now as you guys just saw we
did the crossbar challenge we only hit
it three times thanks money in jet but
that means we only get three pack
obviously they don't mean that much
because they are these bronze packs
where you get one rare player so you
know I mean there's no real point I need
to sort our coins because we have about
three and a half thousand coins right
now and I kind of realized after this
that you can't buy these with points so
I kinda up okay so I have enough
coins now so I open these and then
whenever I have after these three packs
is what I have so I mean realistically
we just want English players that's so
we've really won English plate there's
one yeah I'll take that back number two
this is for the this is for Manny's
crossbar hit very clean hit great oh
it's not even English you know what I
don't even want him we'll take these but
we're not taking anything else final
pack come on this is for my cross boy
this is gonna be the best pack yet we
get that any get rare play come on pick
and still be English it can still be a
good flip it's not never mind what you
dislike Emenike is in the singer Emenike
model okay so I haven't looked through
the comments and the first comment I
store is please change his number to -
so it's rude to glory
what if you guys didn't realize I know
if you can see that but I've changed his
number to four that's why I Chelsea get
until the next pillar yes next comment
was to change the setting so you can see
the players names I will try and do that
during the game basically I'm trying to
take into account all the comments that
you guys are saying so that this series
continuously improved although then I
see a comment like this with so many
likes the question is will this series
be finished and the answer is probably
no no you know what
Road to Glory roads to division one that
means if I get to Division one Widger
who did we sell what what did we what
did we even sell oh 350 well write him
we can we can definitely sell into 600
we have also done some of our daily
objectives I think or style starter
objectives what do we what do we
okay so getting fit we did that what do
we get we get Oh eighty-three rated low
and player you know what we'll save that
for now we also get unguent okay that's
not too bad we also can change our
formation quickly we're gonna do is that
okay now we can change your back not
playing with that so the team we've got
for these games that's a pretty good tip
91 chem the only thing you guys said is
saved - hey oh so I'm actually gonna
change him out for another keeper the
only thing is who 85 chem 7 can welcome
aboard unless see what we get this is
the big moment please please 83 plus
with the bull board
87 rating in the air snug you know what
he won't fit into our team but we can
make it we can make him fit alright so
this is the team obviously we do have
Charlie Austin up front but he's staying
on the bench we playing bulb head up
here I'm also playing white is instead
of the Murphy but we got a manual Thomas
pack that's all that counts and if we
win both games today we're in Division 9
straight away which means if we get the
next pack every time we do a challenge
now so well as a load of coins but you
guys get to decide what we do right
let's see what we got a face this is
still division ten so I'm hoping he has
an almost RT although he has Charlie
Austin that's all I'm sayin he's got
Charlie Austin that guy who's playing
left meat has a very big face he got
blonde eyebrows that right back alright
I put the player name on so now you can
see who each player is early go early go
early go Oh Manuel Thomas you're my good
player as well ah why am I playing a
Tesco's connection this is horrible this
is genuinely this is hot this is
horrible there's a goal yeah I told you
I don't have a goal keep any other
Tesco's connection or please just please
finish that please thank you Jake yes
come on Emmanuel Thomas we black Ian
he's so good he is he is my best player
I know I have her lit but he's mother's
clever now I'll sit forward hots for D
and for this new post there's the core
what her Goldman / Andals is that in
real name I'm going for a 1 - it's
lagged there's the one - boom
ready ready passive active and bang
that's a goal please that's got to be a
goal is it well there it is Thank You
Vernon bulb head please please leave
please
although it doesn't count as a game and
I kind of want hits count as a game
because I like I really want to just win
this division all right was he done
it's actually gotta like an okay team
especially for division what a vision
ten-eye it's not it's not bad there's a
kick it see the kick palm Hulett please
please quit
well there's halftime and my rule is if
they quit by what halftime then I have
to play another game
I may have been 60th minute we'll see he
probably won't quit anyway no block the
shot block the show boots
what's her safe son honestly I'm playing
some really good foot was just being
ruined by the lag turns them all three
players ready oh oh drills in thank you
thank thank you thank thank you thanks
hey is boys I don't I don't know if it
was 60th minute but if I win the next
game I'm not gonna play another because
then were out the division then the
pacts didn't really make sense you know
I need to stick to that we've already
got promotion one more win the title
score a finish shot within the ticket
okay oh okay
jumbo premium bronze that can feed me no
no no no no no no no no no why I don't
want him ah we sell it all you know what
list sure
sorry bulb head coming off but we got
Charlie Austin back ah we have to take
off Jagielka that is a big blow for us
alright here we go Game two playing
someone called EA tax hurts or their
badge was the leads but poor man roads
glory a tax hurts the leads badge I
don't I'm kind of worried oh my god why
is he got Alexi Sanchez why is he got
three lone player what is this what
about what am I facing I'm actually kind
of buff that this guy is division tend
to be honest okay
okay no no no no no boot yes boot you
magnificent Beast okay no no no no no
he's actually he's actually very he's
quite good he's quite good what a
freaking pause queued for about 25
minutes my defense is lacking I do need
another defender guys he go he go hurl
it turns him and then smashes that near
post I need to shoot more with Hurley I
need to shoot more with root hood
there's a reason what I have rude
earlier we go we go who lit no we run
away he ran away you just made the
little run and then he just
bollocks I don't mean I'm gonna try
and score if I can Charlie Austin is out
of game practice come on pass it in one
more turn out turn out again a fluff dip
corner get a corner from that plate okay
I should have laid off the lip Manuel
Thomas please can you run in please
please please that's not him boy will do
forget my Austin he's pretty big but it
will take off time 100 needs a win I'm
not actually destroying him that's the
issue I need to I need to step up my
game well that's quite hard needs to
attack down the right his left is good
but my right is good pie there we go
come on let's do this this less for Kim
let's just let's just win let's get the
promotion we deserve gah gah gah gah
Bowl dope told you he was good I told
you tells was good wait he quit wait
wait he quit Helen got mad a match I
mean we didn't make it 60 minutes but we
made it past our time that is division
10 done boom 2,000 points yeah I know I
said I know I should play another
realistically I think I said 60th minute
but I'm done like I don't want to start
division I'm because I want to do one
where I can open packs for division nine
I mean out of six thousand coins six
seven hundred to be precise so I think
we need to buy another set of back
because I can put Jagielka back in but
that's pretty much the best team I can
play I could use another centre back
because if Jagielka is out in Division 9
I'm gonna struggle that's it
let me know what you guys want me to do
with those coins and also what
challenges you want to do down in the
comments down below thank you guys for
watching hopefully you guys enjoying
this series I'll try and post it more
often I have recorded one already
another challenge but the wind was also
bad so I don't know whether it's gonna
be usable I'll decide and let you know
obviously if I don't use it then this
ups the next episode might be a little
bit longer than I thought but yeah
that's all for today now you guys
watching when I get the ball and nowhere
to put it Amazon that fan right hard I
brewed Willy
I ain't funny that's what I practiced us
they on playing at P my knee my knee my
knee I said I've gotta eat funny
that's why I practiced us they on
playing a pre-mining
I think I'm gonna faint funny I
practiced I fail point
