Division is three we meet again we
failed last time in Division three why
am i wearing glasses I don't know
last time we failed in Division three we
kept our position here and we are trying
again I ask you lies for that big player
to buy top comment from bond Frank bond
you want a big deal player by ksenia I
have enough 27,000 I hope nothing
happens no I am behind this holy cow I
only just have enough now do I want him
as a cm or a cam I think I might game as
a cm you know I know a lawyer probably
disagree with that plot I'm doing it
there we go we got into the CM and I'll
explain why we have four sentiment Bruno
can say drink water and Henderson the
highest rate there was a t3 which is
Bruno and he doesn't play much good in
the Spanish league where as my cam 86 is
better than Ksenia and even the back of
his 82 so like why would I get another
cap it's almost like I should get rid of
the Spanish league side in total just
focus on this one team if you want me to
do that let me know and I'll sell all
other players that are in Liga BBVA and
they will leave us with more coins but
it's up to you I'm a garret of Dini as
well Dini just I'm sorry I just don't
need them anymore
so this is the same reason for the first
game it's almost my best team I can play
maybe if I had Coleman as a right back
with his scythe and Mustafa is a centre
back but again tired that is an
incredible team but is they good enough
for division 3 find out on the next
episode not now oh here we go class on
grass it is a good team I'll give you
that but class on grass really are we
still 9 saying that I am genuinely a
little bit worried about this team his
team is very good come on let's just
play smart this is division 3 remember
division 3 is hard
oh no Morris ma stop doing the goethe
spin that's not they probably get a bit
of foul he keeps doing the same freaking
Mickey D spin every time we just go play
slow play slow until can take it up run
Oh Oh Magoo spin yourself my eyes aside
you can strike where to run hamster
where's the run alright my Fitch map
we'll take that
we'll take a corner oh my days can you
stop Maggie be spin yet oh I actually
read that as well and I said it as well
it's one of those tricks that the
players it just it messes your players
up if you get like the computer just
goes oh yeah go for it ah I just need
someone who can get up long shots to get
the ball
okay I'll turn in now obtained whoa how
would you sleep this match well I did my
bottle and let Golan who doesn't lay him
off put in post it one more and Swit mad
food you see how I'll be Butland is now
like and then mine comes out and just
part of the ball to him okay God we're
not again will it win it yeah bed seat
look at look at my team my team are so
and special please please alright we
actually need to go we actually go
that's a goal butter you want to explain
this to me I know it's this week foot
one came please how are you saving me
burn please please I'm gonna start
crying in a second man to kneel down at
halftime Division three is where I meant
to be forever there we go I just just
proves everything as an own goal as well
wasn't a team with my team out with what
are we just about straight to him and
going get a little yeah get a little
finesse in there go and get it down you
how are you laughs was making these okay
no no oh yeah no great boss great boss
pa-pa-pa goes custom and just to chill
shut up all time to go attacking in it
oh go go attack iam okay we'll go attack
in 70th minute ultra attack in and then
the final one all-out attack I guess
come on message why are you there again
why is it map it's the slowest player on
the pitch oh my god oh my god I panicked
and just found everything not a single
one of those passes with men come on
Sloane's out get rid get rid get rid get
rid it's all true attacking times not
nice Matt's rich no why didn't my I
should across it by question I should
have notion to past it and there it is
that was that was a little mess-up but
was it coverage
close it down woody Butler that's very
good thank you oh five minutes remaining
five minutes remaining team what do we
do we'll do it nice Rosenberg's mask and
cane no wait what the fuck what's up
SP wait wait wait Osby I wanted to sugar
you kept running the wrong way and I
can't show your face along where you're
a defender please please
whyyyy
- my mother shocking ball what's wrong
okay wait wait wait
good fuck you can see me oh why did I
buy you a change your cursor from red to
blue with that flip one 5kp
i'm not happy with that you know I'd be
with a 5k pack especially if there's no
I'm a freakin red you know what again
we're getting a two player pack that's a
- red gold players pack I say it's not
even a walk out like it should be but
yeah let's go NASA shouldn't even about
fall I'll be playing football
professionally I don't want either of
them he's still wearing a West Ham sure
we're going back in the division three
and I've gotta win this game I
here we go change the team up a bit
drink waters back in Carrick's back Ian
mustapha's back in and Coleman sake and
Rochefort's back Ian we changed it a lot
I left see a team then everyone thought
I'll know some analysis and said use my
pain learn I should start saying these
with Donald Trump now should not and
they do the same speech so alright here
we go here we go went through another
game in Division three not sure how I
feel about this it was not good not not
good not good not good okay nice Jackie
Elka it doesn't want to talk to me he
doesn't want to tackle me but it's not
but that's what I thought that's not
correct when did he get strength in his
legs oh dear oh dear that was just
shocking defending that was thoughtful
but be still stays like campaign he's
running down a wing like a champagne can
say with a little whip me Jethro
Rochefort up no foul there he doesn't
want to foul other school fair like I'm
not good fair he's read that I read that
ah Rochefort versus the pros where you
gonna go
that's what I thought that's what broke
wounds that how to stop me so now Tommy
can you stop yes you can nice and
Alexandro I'll play you're a very good
footballer okay it's Jagielka versus
Marshall Marshall comes out on top but
more stuffy clears up Danny drink waters
away he's awake he's away was he gonna
go nowhere to get stopped Rushford you
puz rash what is the only one doing
anything well who has consiglio going
Russia come on come on right no I said
to lay that our kids on that little
pasture hunter would
Rush's actually having a game brush root
is a puller he is a Paula Brett Brett
Brett he tripped me I should look at him
is he is genuinely a Paula
Bojan hmm getting there oh god here we
go he gets one shot and Oh hot side this
is honestly I caught the Khan school I
can break him down as a consequence I'm
the last guy look he's had one shot and
to be fair it was from very very close
ah right we need to win this game as I
said time to win baby go harder go
that's what my mama taught me go harder
go home you wake her you ain't getting
no doing if you don't win that's what
she said she said she didn't say that my
mom was very very nice to me I actually
really appreciate my mom thank you mom
for my lies and watching this video
I died beautiful that's beautiful Bojan
please please
no that's a corner though you know
quickly get caught up by bulleting Oh
Carrie carrot you beauty notes answers
there I told you he is my mind Oh
or is he or is he has he just fluffed it
has he just no chuckles nice comment now
no closet but what creature oh well I
suppose those first times those dolls
may be some well is it worthy Oh Jackie
okay you monster
so let this be for nothing so let us be
humanoid oh my god Oh for fuck's sake
Marty I'll just stop running please
please all you do is run all you do is
run run run no matter what thank you oh
my god I'm focusing way too hard and I'm
not getting anywhere all right hunter oh
my god Hunter look oh shit okay gay gay
gay now at now we now I need to just
defend go on he's on side now he was on
he was on whoa Sean I beg I beg I beg
that was honestly so beautiful I
probably shouldn't have passed that with
bozo and I probably should have shot
that I probably should have just shot
now but that was even more beautiful
look at a little part in fact bash
forgive you
Oh Sunil Sunil calm makes us all
successful mix-ups No
ladies gonna pop it back in anything
pops back big tackle Mikey Carrick you
big Matt yo Dembele chill nice miss fati
my defense has been on point today oh
and there's the girl there's a goal he
wants it okay there's one we need to we
need to be in panic stations now ultra D
is how we do that when that when that
boom
hot-hot-hot Carrick boom three 1-game
done Jesus this is forced me to play
some nice football to school and there
it is the game we won the second game we
lost the first but we won the second
Hunter got a goal we got two other goals
that means it is to southern half k-pax
we need to win six out of ten games
those get promoted and right now if we
carry on like this one 125 wins so we're
not there yet we only have six thousand
coins so we're probably not going to be
a signing off for next episode unless
they're very cheap well we do get to a
tease to seven-and-a-half k-pax please
at least we read oh my god get yer even
it is again players that we can trade in
a second pack we get please at least be
a rare get fellini well I doubt we're
going to use it I mean that's better to
get that than nothing let me know where
you're me to do whether you want me to
sell the Spanish side or sell anyone or
just use all the players and get a mini
two player packs as you can and then
like only do one game map so but do like
a lot of packs whatever you want let me
know in this comments the top cause when
I choose back I put in and beef
you
