yo ghazal going on our welcome to a
nullity of voice opening I'm doing it on
this week because there's a lot like a
lot I'm talking big packages small
packages others going to take a while
don't do what I think this is oh no
you posted on snatch out these sprayed
your hair pink saying low-key you want
to make it red and keep it so I bought
it and I wash your lighting 12 to 15
washes maybe now that form Jin joins in
that thank you very much J to the dye
although I don't know why I'm say thank
you because inevitably I'm going to end
up doing this and it's your fault
alright how many times do you think when
you yet hair dye today not as I haha a
beanie baby or a Twilight Sparkle
doesn't in say that it's from Ryan
screwin I think it's not as someone has
anonymously sent me this how the hell do
I open this
oh my god wind crap Ringgold sour cream
and onion as well the best flavor we
also get a magnet Barbie relief and no
one is perfect how the being a leaf fan
is close enough you damn right oh okay
yeah grow a girlfriend so I don't hate
me don't worry we can be lonely together
but doesn't mean we belong an LED mood
light from my desk as well and a
personalized mug which I've been told to
read it says hi again is me but it like
the image come through when it gets hot
and sick all of that was from either is
also thank you very much for that wait
I'm going to say this okay if you can't
see this right now there's no warm
liquid in and now look at it looks slick
all around and then it's thick as the
water stops alright we'll do the bigger
box simply wavelet
all my package all of it I mean don't
get me wrong I'm grateful just Amazon
what the fuck enjoy your gift from
dancing PS I really hope you didn't use
the glowing knife to cut into the Booker
to you know I didn't I actually had a
spare book okay made actually out of
spare book I knew someone would think
that so cool is this an LED timer youma
have this with my desk
thank you very much Nancy it's a weird
calling you down see because that's not
real name like then see your last name
isn't just see that please open on
camera
mostly on top of these I can see if I'm
opening up here yeah that one yet I
swear loads of vibrated with the foot I
start by breaking a sweat
so notice right now here in the picture
of my cat because who doesn't like a cat
picture I decided to give you a true
gift from Canada a personalized puck no
way look
surely I'm Canadian now you probably
shouldn't play hockey with it but oh no
no no I truly enjoy the videos and
whenever I feel down tough to watch one
of your videos I feel much better you
are my favorite youtubers and I hope you
have a great day also decided to give
you a light from Asha up ball and two
Canadian themed bulls this is what was
this bouncer you bet whoa look away vol
epilepsy that's it Canadian football
keyring and a really stressful
oh and we have some Canadian sense as
well I'm lacking a sense you know even
so your main you see your name on this
thank you whoever sewn up oh yeah really
nice oh this is your new thing yeah I
get why you like it we watch movie kids
in them eternally know just in case
you're in no way you were pictures we go
up the web side of YouTube I'm still
here this has been the hardest package
to get into ever blanker picture I'm
sorry I'm really bad at Brown PhD the
face every time what is that is that
bacon slayed with Chris from the Czech
Republic as well a little notebook the
dark chocolate bar and some jojo's czech
republic candy yeah yeah it is awesome
I'm going to shit Republic and then we
even popular or a little joins as well
messages thank you very much of that
from blanker in the Czech Republic
oh we have some view on underwear okay
you're on Borg from Thomas Greenslade
hey Simon I was watching your pack pack
opening video I say you can do it some
color in there who knows it may help
with your love life
Loie videos keep it up so well Tom if I
managed to get a girlfriend you know why
what sigh it's again no it's not it's
the disc it's frozen
if you didn't get that joke and go watch
my reacting video this on I love the
video so much and I know how much you
love Pokemon so I thought I can convert
you to Disney Princesses make me laugh
all the time my favorite video is
definitely teaching colors to drive I
didn't know you loved to drink so much
love you saw from fern and Sansa
well I mean I've actually never seen
frozen so this is definitely going to
make me watch it mini portable vacuum
cleaner doesn't leave like ridiculously
helpful but again no message
holy cow not for everyone
this is Wyatt on loans and now I can
feel it get a small packet hairy boats
actually isn't a letter I don't know who
to thank for this but Inc the tattooed
guessing game deja 17 plus due to
suggestive content well I know what I'm
doing tomorrow night
recording random games with the rest of
them because I didn't do it last night
leads the rush sale and Rochdale vs.
many nights those from Ben and Amy who
then place for Rochdale wait is it
it is rushed out with this the SCU
nighty whatever it is earth not lead but
my girlfriend is an easy diet fan okay
thank you very much man hopefully
co-leads game leads not Rochdale be
another plan Rochelle
it's from Veronica with a sticky seat oh
you stick your bum on speed and they get
stuck to it no one leaves to see in the
first place in my house you're one in a
million from Veronica it's an inflatable
but I'm not really sure oh no there's
multiple inflatables oh my god I know
what they are giant boxing gloves oh
this is going to get extremely annoying
for everyone in mouth
this is room dancing again but this
another part of it one side trio kit and
simply sweet I mean it's gonna take a
love to be the table public sleep oh my
god hold it cuz I'm trying to be healthy
here try not to eat sugar and things
like that
honey's hell oh my god it's another
dance see one that needs to stop what a
hot see potential video idea it up
storage your friends or hoping everyone
forgot eat around right answer to a
question I'm not telling you this
there's gonna be a video thank you very
much Dan but Susie stop from brilliance
arena
oh it's more sweet red skin
Oh strawberry clouds minty I get it
Gudrun and lifesavers thank you for
everything you do your videos and spice
only people and that means a lot down
under gives you support and we hope one
day you can come and see our beautiful
country from serena Brittany thank you
very much and if by Down Under you mean
Australia then yes hopefully very soon
alien from alien the bottle grillon
favor and some giveaway candy with love
to Simon oh it's like lips and stuff
pronounced allene there we go Eileen
thank you very much that's from Belgium
they're actually like genuine Belgian
chocolate with this thick stuff we're
getting the holy cow this is from Hugo
O'Brien another Australian what is this
we're going to violet crumble bar a nice
collar from Hugo and a friend Minnie
winter picture thank you very much you
go this is the funkiest paper we've had
so far
so like I'm opening something that
shouldn't be opening its rehmannia I'm
Anna gave me the red bomber jacket we
get a keyring which means inspiration
apparently the coloring a Toblerone
which will end up no doubt being given
so they Ferrero Rocher and the Arctic
Monkeys CD that's actually one of the
fat ones yeah you look good on the
dancefloor no way look at all that fun
lol from Ali Lafleur
drunk stoned or stupid a party game this
is definitely being played No thank you
very much for that you will definitely
play that food this next one is from
Adam
I put in some scratch cards Turkish
chewing gum was also going to put some
chips I have but couldn't find them
anywhere
I scratch card I hope I win just so I
can cool this guy becomes millionaire
live oh I did the first one where I
actually won something I want to buy a
pound actually maybe I didn't buy this
would be but if I did I would have made
a profit
this is the face scratch card just haha
fuck fuck
I actually believed it I won 50 thousand
50 thousand 50 thousand I was like yo I
think I actually won and then I just see
on the back it says you must be in
possession of a real scratch card to
clean
my old friend I've come to talk with you
again because a vision softly creeping
just about to quit YouTube man from
nutty sloth we get a nice friend Simon
painting thank you very much to the hey
Simon I'm Sophie I'm a leaf fan but
that's what we like to hear one for me
and one for JJ what are they they are
okay
juggling boobs Oh God and I want to know
what is going to do with these I will
show you them guys but they actually my
gauge streets is that a nipple very
erect compared to that one probably a
final one Thursday inside is a mini
speaker hope you like it's not very loud
thanks again
Aaron portable speaker we are so it's
tiny very portable Aaron from Darby
thank you very much okay I like that was
one more there's one more what was this
oh it's another t-shirt how am I going
to wear - oh absolutely sure that's
probably your name here surely the moon
from their name under their name oh my
god is personalized as well it's
personalized it's got many mentor 7 on
the back that is the sickest thing ever
I don't know who got this to me but
whoever is genuinely thank you so much
this looks right looks like that it's
time to leave so yeah that's that's
going to be everything today thank you
thank you guys all so much I genuinely
thank you for sending us up in I'm not
trying to do these that often but the P
robot fills up quite quickly yeah have a
good day and sit
you
