your house is going on and welcome to a
different kind of IDEO today I am joined
with Toby Toby how are you doing I'm
good how are you buddy I'm good thank
you but today we are focusing on reddit
5050 so soon and you don't know how it
works basically there is a subreddit
called 5050 where they give you two
options one is a nice option for example
a lots of puppies the other option is
not so nice and it's things like a penis
though we're gonna take it in turns to
try and guess which one it is every one
you get right you get a point
first to five points wins Toby as you
are the guest would you like just her no
you go first
you want me to go further yeah so number
one is man eats raw moldy potatoes and
pukes everywhere or animated potatoes
commit suicide wait which was the bad
one I mean which was a good one anime is
a failure okay all wants to see P
excitement you want to see it no which
is why I'm gonna go for the animated
state though I'm clicking it three two
one boom
what is this anime oh my god
how are we going Oh lime oranges lever
to the arm oh why is Joe I want to see
the whole anime that's one of the best
videos I've ever seen wait there's that
one point to unit
yeah I got a point that's one nail your
turn would you like to choose the lion
cubs playing around for an Arab wedding
celebrations and it's dangerous I really
want to see lion cubs playing around
yeah I feel like it's gonna be that I'm
ready 3 2 1 boom
what am i doing that is not safe this is
what is this it's dangerous that's what
it is yeah I'm I'm going off it way too
much too much I got wrong I mean this
one nail to me yes Herrmann you can do
man eyes the mind is the cutest cat ever
or shit hits the fan shit hits the bench
it's bad now I'm gonna focues camera Oh
three two one yeah why don't you get the
nice one
rise with the cute scanner this looks
like a very normal cat it's a two
minutes thirty of care this isn't this
is a very normal cats Ally I say you get
that something wrong it's not even a
cute cat ever
hahaha it's my hobby shit shit does hit
the fan doesn't use catalyst but I do
count it oh come on
and it's worst rescue attempt ever or
best rescue attempt ever I'm gonna go
with the rescue attempt violent attempt
good worst rescue attempt ever all right
yeah I seen this one you haven't seen oh
oh oh my god of people I've seen my
video before dude I haven't seen oh he
drop is nice bomb is gone oh well you
got the point Toby yeah oh there's two
one right now just to make it three okay
come back his lack for husky puppy
howling I'm gonna go for the upkeep
akiha oh you always go for the nice ones
and it's going to come for you from I
know please three two well of course it
is that is that is cute yeah everyone in
the air banana covers go oh ha ha ha ha
three one oh stop this is going to be
over so quickly this is a compilation of
strange Japanese robot boy commercials
or extreme places
whether me at the office how do you
think I'm gonna go up the extreme case
you go to the extreme case Gary - one
what what on there's more this is a
whole theory we had a boner
I don't got a shit what the fuck no I
love a problem on the girls what what is
that oh you know I don't want to be
racist or anything right don't say
anything though the potato commit
suicide anime and that way you think
there's only Japanese people I'm just
saying it's my turn
mummy dog taking her puppy for a walk or
finger with the tip cut off our fingers
now my young with finger with the tip
car how do i crack off where's there oh
no that was great that was really great
I got it right there - this is for one
ball one I being tagged by cute puppies
or avocado pit removal gone wrong cute
puppies okay three two one oh fuck oh my
gosh can't be bothered I can't keep up
with it how do you tell me that that is
mess I don't get they've literally just
straight through tip of thumb ripped off
after being caught in machinery or puppy
fighting man summer after the puppy
you're gonna get one
I want to rematch next time we're gonna
do another of these Simon I'm just gonna
say this is proven my thesis but those
are just better than cat okay remember
that cute cat remember that sentence for
that yeah cute cat whereas the dogs are
actually cute like an adorable Simon I
want one don't take your fun for granted
men you saw that he's got a picture I
took me to make it a little bit more
respectable okay this is your last one
because I went first you have a murder
victim partially beheaded or two cute
dogs taking apart this one's not safe
for work all right I want to go in for
two cute those taking a bar but murder
victim personally beheaded why not you
know why you're going for the murder
victim actually had it through one eye
oh my god
robbers are like haha cat solution he's
not even doing anything and he's cuter
than that cat is purring and trying to
get attention well Simon it's a
resounding 5-1 victory to you not a
rematch anytime let me know I'll show
you both that's all for today on the
reddit 5050 I will leave a link to the
subreddit in the description also leave
a link for Toby's channel which you
should make soon check out and subscribe
thank you guys for watching that you
Toby's been here forever me and
