Division three is proving a lot more
difficult than we thought we have three
games left we need three wins to get
promoted one win and we are saying just
remain in Division three for one season
to build 21,000 points you guys voted
sit at the top comment get chemistry
stars do players for a player get Robert
anemia with a hunter chemistry star
Perez catheters because all the halt can
see shadow mother's shadow Bruno cousin
is now mine coming together
look you get the idea anyways that
actually was to the Spanish side which
I'm not really sure about you then we do
we do have a Holcomb Cazorla you already
had ng okay well give him the hawk one
I'm not gonna buy any of the others just
yet because basically can't a is injured
masses his side and I'm not going to use
the Spanish side as much we will slowly
go through we might buy one more today
but this is the team we're starting with
so yeah it's not as strong it you know
what it has the most hot I don't know
why I just decided it does so yeah we'll
go in now Oh bullet it's not that
amazing but you know any Esther David
silver and cluster and sir and Williams
they all cost more than a lot of my
players we need a player that costs like
3040 K like a big deal that's kind of
why I'm not spending any more questions
just yet because I kind of want to you
know get someone amazing if we can win
this to keep our hopes alive of getting
promoted that'll do mean it's working
it's working it's working it's working
it was what a goal that's why I play
Russian instead of Harry cave look at
all the beautiful gold oh bulge and see
I buy a sign because all over the new
chemistry style who knows what would
happen but now instead we have sterling
oh my god let's go there we go yeah you
saw that as soon as he crossed it you
need not to go oh yeah I think I can I
can do this I can definitely do this you
know why because as I said my team have
hot the last person you want in the
world shoot him Michael Carrick no no no
no no not yet
while it's busy he's gonna oh my god
okay fair play fair play put them off of
all yeah NES the ball red got infolding
will be the NES is balding head we need
we need we need to run we need to run
like six little loose good bird how we
burned on a plane
Oh sugar sugar sugar sugar honey I see
good say Portland cookie here key there
go with it with it with it with it with
it winner winner chicken dinner all
right
run run up if you're gonna study roads
you know Oh Oh hunter proving me wrong
both like Oh gum it's worked out its out
what what sort of football what could
have been a half k pack oh this is so
this is an intense game this is this is
a horribly intense game all right second
half are we a second our team I feel
like I keep changing but what wouldn't
you just do Alexa I like so what what do
you say shut up always made around one
you better have one you please them in
some senses but I I had him as well he
didn't think I turn that way
hold up hold up hold up no no I need to
stop the past Jackie you beat where'd it
go we turn back
Hendo Hendo oh you see that guys you do
the can-can at the bottom as well get
back please please please please
yes that was a tense moment
you're a monster you're a monster look
at this Oh husband maybe Kane with us
chords that oh my god don't let him
score there's seven minutes left
I can't lose like I'll take it I'll take
a draw to be fair at this point just
just of cause oh my god you can school
oh oh holy sugar get rid middle left a
minute left is it this is it this is it
four side Coleman the right back oh my
God why did I shoot in the right back I
should have passed it oh my god I'm good
oh my god please please
because you just freaking love let it go
you using we've done it
thumbs up got a goal that's a seven 1/2
K pack on a 5 K pack you can get it ah
none of it was deserved it's a very very
very tough game but who cares when I'm
looking at safety in the division and
Shaun of promotion and we sold this guy
for another 250 so after 20 and a half
thousand coins now the thing I always
forget to do is open the pack so here we
go this is for the rash wood gold non
rare this is the one for the hunter Cole
come on this is this is a last minute
goal this was a last minute are you
serious you pray use the IQ serious now
though that's not right now though you
know what I wasn't happy with those
packs we'll get in one of these 2 player
packs there we go it's done good stuff
we don't use any of those players so
that should be fine but we have another
pack please be worth it come on two gold
rare players not a walkout I don't
expect the walkouts honest in this so
and stellar a beam or great these
untradable as well whatever it doesn't
matter okay we're going into the next
game and if we don't win we can't get
promoted but that ends the season in
Division three we've restart again in
Division three okay this guy's name is
foot champ so I'm worried she has the
screamer Lukaku
or not happy with this I'm not happy
facing this T here we go lunch with
let's see what we can do can we have a
chance of getting promoted not with that
touch I don't want to get from over with
that touch he's quite it's quite rash
with his decision-making but I don't I
don't know how to it's people like this
are really really hard to read
oh please I mean this is I'm worried
this is why I'm worried block nice by oh
my god run run I is that was that was
that my fish come on red that's a
tighter pen he's literally just tripped
me win that you win that you you better
win that yeah go on
give it out wide well I deserve a goal I
deserve a goal and it deserves to be a
hundred goal or not I think I went to
get to go outside how would you turn
there our zealots are here how is he
going to you guys and I'm really
confused how he's getting to this place
oh my god oh my god don't deserve that
do not deserve that me what the hell
what the hell what the hell what the
hell
team team that's a goal just
no I'm little ask me what have you done
please please please if they because
right now you let me say cos there are
the people could you let me say that
they're the people God does he like
trying to lose with them oh here we go
here we go
what's it okay we'll take them you know
what that actually works out very very
fat didn't know oh this is gonna make me
really angry oh he's already had a
penalty and oh my god good Mustafi nice
Oh back back Rhett Rhett that'll read if
you stop that now that is a red that's
straight red gone look his Pima his team
scared great call great decision make
this could be a big turning point in our
season it might be and it is that's a
goal right there Oh straight from the
free shit as long as we're winning we
have a chance rush for this is why I
play rashtra gun yeah now he's making
the change he had to make a change at
some point I think he just brought on pk
look I could come in put him off boom
off all my days
no more shelf what's the floor what's up
Locke get to him get him
no no nan in it I didn't mean to slide
let's go no that is though as well this
guy's definitely on attacking right now
because I think he needs a win as well I
think he might he must need a win or
something what am I doing with my life
what am i doing with my life what am i
doing with my life
I'm jewelry he has ten men oh no no no
no we need to stop his momentum I'm
really panicking come on bring touch pen
dog that's a trick he tricked me he
tripped me good Jimmy hey oh fuck Hunter
hunter you're at it you're not really
through but I see you at the back close
to runnin rush it sleazy corner it's a
goal kick Oh Rushford you g the place so
much
you shit why did I do that then all that
hack this is this is panic stations
right now oh my god what a bull what a
ball please Rushford please to stay
alive with the division dole come on
please rush food last minute puppet Oh
Oh oh my god
that's it stuff well season over guys we
actually we're actually stuck in the
division go go go go go
that's awful please be able please say
blow the whistle we blew the whistle
that's it
we're staying in it's just the fact I
could have done it it didn't get going I
got fire keeper we got six thousand
coins as I said that is the only good
thing about this
so yeah 5k pack again because Radford
got the goal no assists for Hunter or no
gold farm so we get an honorary get
these packs of freaking or for for a
we've got Bert camp I so we'll just put
that away those is that was a horrible
type but you know what that means we
have two of these
our first one I don't know what we want
from these really because we're
basically looking for someone that we
can use I don't know what I don't know
oh I'll awful but we're back for
Division three again ten games get 18
points of six wins
27,000 clones I'm sorry I didn't buy all
the chemistry cards but I bought the
ones that I thought was the most
necessary if you want me to blind the
chemists rods let me know by doing you
know the top comment on this one that's
all for today don't you guys watch Jim
let's hope we can do Division three this
time and see
