oh hey guys what's going on and welcome
to another react video I say another but
I haven't done one in quite a while I
asked you guys on Twitter recent videos
I scrapped - and I'm upset I lied a lot
we're going to be going through them and
seeing who writes em me going to be
choosing the weird the wonderful and we
downloaded right other videos and the
peculiar so the first video is called
what could it be
and it felt like being to be like a
bumblebee
alright here we go this is clearly you
think of dick the warm someone's left
eye again that noise is so grim you know
that ah that noise is so I hate that
it's that it's like chewing to me there
that noise that not let my Ling chai or
what
that's my Li what smiling child smiling
child smiling chunks have no idea what
he says have you filled now oh my gosh
he can't even keep why is he still going
echo his voice you titled it what could
it be
Vee we know what it is it's a big oh my
god hahahahaha guys is it is it sexy
Richard whoa oh my god they're trying so
hard okay
compose yourself how does the image make
you feel now it's really annoying they
know no different it's annoying the hell
out meal is but it's not a simpler
anymore are you
now you're getting scared what the fuck
are you doing
we though it's my friggin fumble okay
this guy's high this guy's definitely
high the shirt something I just don't
know what it is yet
should have any guesses it's a bubble
bit it could be anything
ha ha that's him that's it
actually we've made a lot of
improvements doctor I feel like we came
a long way what what just happened and
he uses adblock that explains everything
genuinely so confused cuz it's just like
what I just go bruh me though so confuse
how much anymore though oh ok no I wish
I was watching more of it now we have a
mini mentor roast when it's way it's
only 22 seconds long there's way more
than 20 seconds worth of roasting to do
on me go for it it's a robot voice
alright sure yeah
do not round now am i okay there's the
road it's lit himself that was it all
you said is I have a small penis and I
don't have a girlfriend no you didn't
even say that you said the reason why I
don't have a go ahead because I'm a
small penis and here's two inches small
for a penis yes
statistically yet but mine isn't 2
inches you know what fuck this guy ok if
you can have a robot voice so can I
it's for early elementary responding
well bars were we
unlike drink your Dyke meat and no
mattress dies your mum still likes my
meat the crowd won't ice for you they
will renew what I would so delete your
app controls ed and undo without
terrible right so apparently the reason
I'm thinking is because I have a small
penis so I'm watching a video you guys
link called a youtubers guide to getting
a girl hey guys you're getting a girl
the guys are getting a girl the guy -
getting the girl they go no no no follow
Z and you'll have a girl before you know
it
not taking lessons of him I'm sorry I
don't want to judge my one but I'm not
taking lessons of him did you see that
wings you need to be open like you need
to understand them my girl need to be
open and he has a six-pack right of mine
yeah I've got a six-pack - how you doing
ladies
I can't show you it for a reason - it's
you I like to son to me because when I
can see you it's a brighter day oh
you're so kind
oh my god I've got to go to prom with
you who compliment them directly what
I'm going to get a girlfriend like that
so this is a slight he suggested I'll
make you wait until Sunday night and
then I'll make you scream that's rape
which leads us on to our next one the
sex offender shuffle
they are Florida access to what our tech
will find to you
we would ask now we're good Larry our
tower and all we're brain touching my
neighbors kids the game what uh what
though no this is mad but not too kind
but I'm a nice guy you'll come to find
got a backyard and a real nice pool
y'all should come over for a barbecue no
make some cold drink in my blender but
you keep in mind that I'm a sex offender
no no no no no no that sounds like a lot
three of those times were for vandalism
feel real bad I got caught
oh my god you're jumping in those spin
bars and then he tries jumping in Sam's
Town I'm number one
apologizing number one what number what
number one Kitty fiddler what like what
is he backing about case you were
wondering what it was I snuck into a
bathroom and I'm fucking I'm done a
fashion house marina Joyce um
within the shuffle okay Larry our tower
can all refrain touching my neighbor's
kids again what I did was not too kind
but I'm a nice guy you'll come to find
will I don't know I snuck into a
bathroom and I see what how does the
phone stop a sex offender touches here
darling the really captions on
this isn't I can't believe you made me
watch this so yeah that was especially
something just to tell it all over the
next video
it's cool digs in my ass frozen let it
snow
homeboy here we go in my ass 3 dicks in
my ass is enough goodbye dick by
dropping dead
what bothered me anyway this may be my
favorite videos I'll start maybe my
favorite video I have ever seen in my
life well yeah guys we've learned a lot
today to learn how to get girls
I got roasted we learn how many dicks a
guy can take without the sex offender
shuffle and we learned that anything is
funny when you're high
yeah thank you guys for watching um see
ya two ticks in my ass three ticks in my
hair
Simon Says your bars were weak you're
buzzed were weak
not when weak your bars were weak
electro slammer says your bars were weak
I heard your bottle weak you're buzzed
know your buzz will weak what Alexa
Simon Says
your bars were weak your bull weak your
bull no Alexa Simon Says
I'm like Drake you're like meek I heard
unlike Drake your night Meg who's Meg
Alexa Simon Says meek Nate Alexa Simon
Says meek
I heard milk not milk I'm done I need a
different program in things in my ass
three dicks in my head per day is enough
fucking fighting by fucking dick like so
yeah
