people say only get good things on
livestream I'm here to prove them wrong
team in a year let's go lightning round
100k packs here we not to walk out here
we go and it's Chesney I've already got
you we're back for the 100k but they are
double chance this time this is gonna be
horrible in it's those double chance
double Charles don't mean I'm sorry
it doesn't mean anything people can be
like oh yeah the double shots you always
guarantee one bullocksies
if I get one then I'll admit double
chance actually does mean something I'm
going in from yes so I've got it in form
I mean two times zero percent is still
zero percent from oh I am getting
something because I have to prove that I
can get stuff off livestreams start to
walk out that's a walk out come on I
didn't see the flag ah
someone please be someone good at least
these are more good it's Italian is
Buffon there yeah it's Buffon I mean
immediately never pack them for you know
what I decided guys that this weekend is
just going to be the weekend where spend
a lot on these packs because it's the
one weekend until team of the season
comes out I have nothing else to buy
I'll get back oh god you already
that's an 86 mirando a 70 packs open guy
I literally recognized a straight way oh
it's another big class on i-87 adventure
okay
maybe 700 complaint account complaining
about us I know that they t7 but I'm
complaining
alright so big flare those eyes a big
flare but it's such a big flare okay get
a workout we got a walkout we gonna walk
up we're gonna walk out come on oh my
god see that flare that is high rated
the mix Orion and yet to yourself hard
to manage okay for obvious reasons I
can't play the song that's in my ear
right now but the song in my ear is
patient by post my own and that is what
I need to be patient
oh oh oh huge place yeah I hurt me ah I
shouldn't say that well bending over but
we get Eric from a TA rating form
another solid solid pool and check we
get to walk out these aren't even mine
they're JD's I stole them for ei I know
how much EA hey Jason so
we got a walkout come on please please
please
hi give me and blue or election not
beggin Oakland swore again we've got a
decent amount of walk out now like they
have been stacking up slowly but surely
and this is my last Pat before I need to
go buy more points really all right
we're back and stacked up you know the
worst part is there's going to be
hundred and twenty-five k-pax after this
and then I'm gonna cry myself I've got
to open them as well I'm slowing down
guys I'm going to slow it down I'm going
to be patient okay patient let my bro
post Malone in what like I wanted it sue
now ridiculous is I haven't actually
alleged fire and got a legend in however
many packs that I've opened and now me
and Kevon II little bit Oh like you know
was that two big players it's better as
it is better I'll accept that 88 rated
hazard there's a little inform and a
hand out of it CEA do this to me like
now I'm gonna get until I say that
I'm leaving again
that look exactly rubbish bang flats an
83 oh he's about to leave quick just
chuck him one then it will come back
some reason I fall for it you're
gonna give me an informal lease make it
like who's in form right now but I
haven't got I haven't got that egg Wayne
I don't think I've got a Giroud yet I've
got Paris it may be not a trade of
always go customary I really want to
open more to do I I don't I don't want
to open more you know I'm not gonna they
know I'm not stopping yet they know I'm
not reaching my limit yeah this is this
is a serious health issue my heart could
explode at any minute because of these
packs I want to end on at least four
seasons okay we're getting informed in
so we can go I'll take that in for Misco
87 raids I was one of the ones I said I
didn't think I had a tradable version
all and a Lizano are now under Sonya in
fact whatever
oh that's too bit that was to at least
two big players okay one of them is
French fries been there done is gonna be
 important one of them we and
got at this point I will take that
vendetta and aggrievement I mean a good
walk
it's French again is it going to be it's
Ribery I'm gonna freakin buy more points
and take myself I don't know if there's
going to be more Pat and I can't stop
opening if I don't know there's gonna be
more packs for them yeah this is this is
like come on give me an 86 rated
legend whether if it's a legend I'm
happy trying to prove that I can get
things while I'm not live-streaming yeah
Ethan's got blue Harry's got blues
that's an informed great oh okay sorry
I'm allergic to the that yeah
giving me like that I was a little I
Robot Joker the worst plays I I have
nothing to say why I can't talk about
rubbish players for that long I'm
literally talking about how I have
nothing to talk about right now that's
how downhill this is gone to deepen this
now the full 11 inches in this they look
they slow down we're only three minutes
behind the thousand packs remaining I'm
not I'm not even hopeful see my I'm not
hopeful with a normal car acting like
twice the other day you see how bad that
is
I'm not happy with the hey Maddie with a
90 rated goalkeeper yeah I would say
I'll only show you walk outs from now on
if I did that the video is probably over
now so maybe I should just do that okay
we go on we actually got Wilco
okay good we go on oh I paid my Celebi
you know what I don't care
oh you do nervously at least I can
actively like be happy and you know what
not even live-streaming bitches I got a
frickin blue in that 600 650 K I'm not
going to sell them anyway we're keeping
it that's the worst part is I was leave
you like four packs off I said I'm not
gonna show you any more I'm gonna just
open them but we're gonna be a lot more
calm little in it we're not moving out
it's a walk out we get Cheerilee knee
brilliant Ethan did the exact same thing
as I did stuck out the whole way and he
gets one and you carry home he gets
nothing
I knew it not the right back we got
Danny out there slowly building the
defense oh I'm happy now
two blues like they woke up okay caught
fire again come on it's not blue it's
Sanchez Alexis Sanchez Oh back-to-back
walk out I don't want it I don't want it
go away the starting inform inform at
one ha I need a walk out soon and there
is some disaster Vic come on please oh
I'm getting highly pleasant walk out the
reach again please late arts a huge
leather is such a peace plan you're
giving me f√†bregas alright coins come
on hide we do tiny little paws are not
doing anything that holds me
spending money for a long time how many
informers you want to give me yes
walk out oh why you've given me tiny
plans and oh it's nice again yes blue
blue God bleep please please please
please oh yeah no ding I know I can
actually carry those ah three blue to
the final minute you know what oh ham
how many can I get in final minute get
two more PAC token no clicking that one
more pack makes one of the laughs I
holla voice you can go okay well that's
it okay it's done that's all for today
don't you guys watching we got three
blues that seems a year done yeah
