the time has come wages I have said he
is incredible I have feared him for
multiple games Jack Butland he is the
top comment to get okay that one just
went buying Butland that was the top
comment so you know what we bought
button our team unstoppable carrier is a
brilliant career with us you've been so
good but it's time to say goodbye to you
it's no that's the wrong it's time to
stop prolonging it carriers accept it
move on Butlins here bitches so Division
three everything going to well two wins
two losses and a draw we need a win
today we need two wins if we can get to
win which they are fine but we need four
wins out of our last fight oh I just
realized that I mean we're getting
promoted this season guys we are playing
Drake the fix god and this is a team I
mean it's pretty faithful easing Musa
Bella in that oh my good oh what's it
what is this freaking look at this pitch
I don't like this I think there's a
first time I've ever had like the blue
cursor as well you're honestly what's
going on
what is why I'm up look at the struggle
I'm having to just find a tiny bit of
space these on some mad like high
pressure or something alright here we go
come on come on hunter alright so back
yeah yeah sound back again go yes
this is solid pop it on maybe small I
should of what yeah why am i certain oh
this is what no that's what we needed we
just need that little a little bit there
cobble into tough wait I never thought
I'd all four inches on my channel fuck
shit shit what like how how how am I
mentally get past this switch in
suspense there's no space hello combat
laFonda nice even fund earnest what are
you waiting three
I didn't realize Division three was this
horrible they're gone gone just that
yeah just outrun me so you got doing it
yeah like cycles thank you thank you
thank you
Go Go Go Go please think it's good touch
you not finish it I'll take a corner
that was just a plaid all you have to do
is make a big touch through I see you on
the edge alright Danny I could have been
money this guy hates Jerry my players
are scared of the ball I thought it is
look watch watch hilt okay even go I
didn't get the ball solid solid kick
Butlins so quick she's a great debut for
button and then it great debut look at
that
really how am I going to lose okay is
another one here's another one so don't
don't
okay thank you for them for doing
something gonna say I don't pay all
those coins for you and then you do
nothing get rid get rid okay but learned
solid throw it okay
cocaine where are you hunter
no no yes I said a cross tonight
I should just cross chain is done
beautifully their canes done well chain
so well some stops business for a pack
for a back okay we've got a goal and a
pack game on bitch there we go kendo I
just took a short cuz I was like I'll
get a corner and that be that you know
as a bit of chance I'm trying to take a
touch there and you know getting fouled
or model being are that have been
beautiful with it what the how I know he
can just uh he just controlled it in his
area
Oh God God God
where's my team I know I'm an ultra a
second but come on and al-aziz is
controlling it them and Glenn Johnson
isn't gold side of him oh my god please
you know what I'm just gonna early cross
that's a great bull oh yeah okay sounds
great gold that's a great lesson
assistance of a hunter he knows he's
nervous yeah oh my god it's gone put it
down and it back there you go let's go
let's go team um he's on side as well
he's very wide okay ship it one of you
frickin lanky wheezing shit why do you
not jump in higher I lost I'm lost
how have I just lost for two you know
great game Portland six point nine so
you know I didn't think it's after eight
seven eight five whatever whatever we
lost I actually pissed me off to the
point we're now using the Spanish like
left side team keep into sneaking in I
don't know why I should really it
doesn't really make a difference we said
is there you know what we'll go bottom
give them another chance
lemon dog he failed severe Division
three all right heads I win tails I'm
gonna lose come on heads heads let's not
talk about that okay let's just let's
calm down let's calm down a little bit
me
let's calm calm down a little bit matey
let's do this guys we got this but first
I go go go go go go go but in no way can
please here
okay can take that's why I wasn't sure
about you being there these are very
uncomfortable I am playing some freaking
nice football but I didn't have any pace
yeah Bruno Bruno how is he growl with it
oh you know what's gonna happen that oh
yeah yeah yeah oh look we're young big
I'll take it that's a real English
tackle my team really really struggled
at passing you know oh no no oh great
save Butlins is coming in useful hello
hello come here come here lover do so
via Pat Toby
how am i losing this game too this is
great this is absolutely phenomenal yeah
I'd just jump up the edge jump up the
way to grow its tactics touchy-feely
look look now now we can go now we go
was the run popular what the fudge oh my
Oh mais done well is done it did well
and it all went to shit go oh look Sarge
Aramis is too good like he is too good
yeah you gonna have some back to using
bail you're always gonna favor his left
on me there it is halftime losing yes
again even though the stats actually say
he should be winning this one I really
feel like I should be winning at least
not losing okay that I should put it
better but just shouldn't be losing on
this is so nice this is so nice
drill it know what oh my god oh my god I
can't say thank you why is he so we can
say is so weak but you know that you see
that shot that eat it that was a triple
tap crook you probably ought me go well
I think you can tell you all those that
I'm not happy with that we're gonna work
on some finishing and training and I
don't mean sex I'm not gonna have sex
with cancer in training go go go go go
alright yes yes no how does wah wah yeah
of course yeah no cool yeah give him the
free kick wait
can't I can't carry I'm running in
CrossFit or past it even with all the
legs higher in the world that was a
ridiculous ask your mum as a goal but
not sure about that but yes do not let
it happen straight back do not let him
oh my gosh no not a good clear into this
let's just not bodies in the way bodies
in the way what is it look nice
that's what we wanted that's what we
need it yes yeah yeah you think I'm
turning back no I'm not I'm doing a
little cross to no one so that well to
the goalkeeper hunters through you know
what I don't I don't know what to do so
I'm just map it
that was so close I just I had to go for
it and I yes thank you thank you thank
you yeah you think I'm turning in I'm
not I'm just gonna shoot being an idiot
ah nice let's go let's go let's go for
it all right yeah yeah yeah yeah
slow it down slow it down I didn't open
my pack what the mag I didn't open my
bag again oh no no I need to stop us I
didn't
we would gain boom we won oh my my heart
my heart maybe a little bit safer we
need to points out of three games so I'd
like to think we're again I mean we
still technically do get promoted if we
got a win
well we've got four goals one of them
being a hunter goal so that's three five
caves and one seven and a half
we'll make that into you know that's a
50 min the seven hours okay so this is
the seven and a half K pack from the
hunter goal treatment and now the 15k
pack please I'm not going to use in malm
at all but yeah that is it that's all
for today so yeah thank you guys for
watching have a good day and keep like
anything comment please
