yo
what's up to make sure this is happening
if you are watching me right now
there's like I don't know how long left
but yeah wait yes okay good
there is one minute and 20 seconds until
potentially 100k packs dies that's why
I'm waiting for I really hope there are
because if there's not then you won't
know because this won't be up but one
minute ah god I hope I hope there are
50 seconds this is live right yeah okay
this is the live stream by the way for
anyone watching like afterwards if it is
if it is going live that is
although yo
wait a second 20 seconds please please
please please be time to get backs a
little 69 KP points obviously that won't
last
I'm pretty okay we go there we go this
is going to be embarrassing
three two one done all right updating no
wait wait wait
there we go there we go right let's go
let's go here we go huh that's not a
walk I've it's all walk out and skipping
it straight away
because that's all going for that is all
it's freaking awful okay come on come on
home to k-pax
apparently that wasn't a single pack
opened in the hunt okay I actually end
up using all of this that was a walk out
either why am I not skipping let me see
how quick they're going down
this is awful I'll take in my sequin
future score builders how quicker they
go in is the question okay we may have a
lot of time that's not a walkout either
we might have a lot of time guy fish
yeah I hope I'm taking these just a
squad builders by the way in case you're
wondering at 83s that's why I have no 83
radians the only ones that will appear
there are 83 okay no 5,000 have done
that was it
there's a pause
Vonnie there's a pause but it wasn't at
the right time
come on please give me something to look
a t-38 again I'm not even gonna keep
them and there you guys are probably
gonna say everybody so I'm just going
for the back ten thousand have gone okay
but no we are
that's a pause it's a walk up please I
didn't see the thing ah that's normal
who is it Oh German no it's Belgium
Belgian I can't tell you no wrong way
around we get cool - ah oh okay there's
our first walk out we get where is it
Darius oh cool - what 89 rated everyone
else see later I'm not even gonna bother
keeping the Aires anymore because from
the start time since there's already
13,000 gone come on come on that's not a
walk out we're only gonna walk out as I
said hi welcome welcome welcome to the
stream walking for the video if you're
watching afterwards Oh 3,000 left these
are not gonna last long let's not walk
out either I may miss I may miss informs
it's the only thing it's the only
problem with doing this but I'd rather
get I'd rather get a walk out or a team
of the year please oh there we go
there's a tip there's those main for a
six rate of space it's decent
it's not not amazing but there are
30,000 people right now
that's a pause that's a board come on
please please oh that's a huge flare ah
Spanish goalkeeper we get to hear okay
we'll take it - here that's another
walkout we're just getting getting
goalkeeper so right now I'm taking come
on yes
get rid of that's come on football coach
one Oh am I gonna I'm not gonna usable
walk out skit come on 49,000 so I'm near
we opened we've only open ten so far
we're having ten packs and we've got to
walk outs and they're about to be hard
on that's going to walk out to walk outs
one in form in eleven packs that's bad
hey that is really bad okay so walk out
either geez geez these are menus Oh slow
right now as well there's so many people
trying to open these the packs just run
up how does the boat see there's a pause
from frickin time oh my Mike sit here by
the way I completely forgot I know I'm
an idiot
Oh
oh this is awful
this is all this is freaking awful
they're now down the now down to half oh
all nope no Chesney alright okay cool
we'll take an in-form ah just give me a
blue just give me a blue just give me a
blue that's a decent flare but it's not
a fucking that'll be is there gonna be
Hummels I'll take no no no come on rid
all right you know what guys this is it
JJ's not even in the country so no ah
the tiny tiny pause ah cuz ya'll need
sorry mate you didn't make it
give me the cup you make the cut come on
please please please give me the pause
okay we get another inform right wing
back don't even know who you are
sure anytime
Puccini ah this is this is not enough as
it this just isn't it's not it's not
good enough what you're saying what
you're saying that's false
come on out like that flare was tiny
doesn't mean wait alibi yeah I can see
why it's a tiny flare walk out but it's
an alibi oh I'm not gonna get one today
guys not getting one not getting not
getting it not getting it not getting it
we're not getting it we're not getting
it we're not getting we're not getting a
pluton mmm I am I'm in pain right I need
to stop I need to stop looking at things
I need to stop I need to stop looking at
things I need to just open paws walk out
come on come on ah we got one we got one
who is it please please please okay oh
no you're just it's one of the thick
ones as well we got no era boys we got
Noah 98 rated Noah
boom boom motherfuckers boom that's how
we do that's how we do Oh
welcome to Mugler Noah I'm gonna go over
more that's why I'm not looking at it
we'll look at it afterwards ah boom
drink yeah oh there it is there it is
that's all I needed
that's all I needed I'm gonna carry on
well like while I may as well but that's
all I wanted that's all I wanted I'm
good I'm good for now guys wherever I
get doesn't matter anymore
to check out shredder by the way
shredder producer that's another walk
out come on come on
don't don't okay it's not okay I didn't
think they can they can do that to me
they can be picking nice me that much is
that you've got another another espanol
walk out we get the hair again take it
all right I'll tell you that I'll tell
you that don't stop believin that's I've
stopped believing do do it cause she
only just won't stop all right to stop
you embarrass yourself you're
embarrassing me one more to to turn turn
all oh one I don't want anything to be I
do but I'm happy like I'm good I'm good
I'm good right now
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo all
right next pack
let me look why I am I'm just gonna here
boom we get Cavani again what you're
saying what you're saying what you're
saying what you're saying you were
feeling I'm gonna get Reynaldo it's what
people in the chatter saying I don't
think I am because there's only 12,000
left ha ha ha there's a small body there
not my penis there's a small part of me
get Jordi Alba that was like I just said
I'm not gonna get Ronaldo and then we
see the walk out and I was ow no no it's
gone lemon pat 11,000 packs
remaining and I need to I should hurry
up although I don't really have that
many points I'm only got 9,000 points
left so
yeah I don't know what to do after this
because I won't really have enough time
to get more well I know I won't won't
have time maybe mad or just spend coins
don't spend coins Santi Cazorla you know
now we're not taking them do I do i the
packs of got up the numbers have gone up
but I do what I do what I do what i do
what do i do what do i do what do i do
I'll have enough time people saying I'll
have enough time I'm just rinsing three
packs we've done 68,000 fifa points now
okay well you know what Oh inform Gomes
okay that's alright that's alright let's
don't too bad Nazis not too not too
shabby Alonso done dude okay you know
what let me just let me just get
fullscreen like that
quickly quickly quickly quickly come on
come on come on this takes up this takes
so long oh boys we got Noah we got team
of the year no yacht we didn't get it we
didn't get a really shit one we got Noah
98 rated Noah leads aren't winning
though so this is taking ages this is
actually ridiculous come on
all right put me back put me back all
right you guys all right I had enough
time come on
nope I want to walk out I want to walk
out I want to walk out I want to walk
out on a walk out take a willy on
six and a half thousand pause pause walk
out walk up please know why I'm not even
looking I'm I'm waiting I'm not waiting
on the way in that's I was a small flare
yeah I thought I didn't see one either I
thought I didn't see a flag nine
thousand feet point six thousand left
six thousand how many more can I get in
I could definitely use these hey what oh
no it's fine okay
am I going to no come on
well I I might have to use coins for the
last year all right
duh behind the backpack the backpack oh
it worked we get a walkout we get a
frickin walkout it's not a blue it's not
blue it's not blue oh oh
Argentinean no DeMaria that how much
he's worth but he's a solid walkout I'm
happy with that
I'm very very very happy with that we'll
put him away and we'll move on with our
three thousand fifa points that we have
do I just open do I just oh I might just
have to use coins guys I don't think I
have enough time oh nice no oh I don't
have the points bang oh I shouldn't be
using coins I shouldn't be using corners
I shouldn't be using coins should I know
I shouldn't no no I shouldn't how many
are left
3,000 we've got time to add one more
come on one more
just need to you know cover the think of
a thing do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do do-do-do-do-do
do-do-do-do-do d oh there's no way in
hell we're gonna get another team of the
year in these last however many packs
is there I know there's a lot of people
being discarded right now but I'm here
for blues ain't here for those little
the little players right now this takes
so long to buy points you know it's like
they don't want me to open any more
backs come on fucking come on
come come come walk up no I know David
Luiz is there he might sell for a little
bit okay but no one and a half thousand
come on this is it this is it this is it
this is it this is it
that was it as opposed that was a pull
it's an in-form and a walkout Erikson
Mangler Erikson hi I'm happy with that
I like Erikson and he's actually a very
good card so you will take that that's
it that's so many informs today hello
ello ello where did these paces go nope
no no no new new new doo doo doo doo
nope come on come on come on come on let
me let me waste my money FIFA let me
waste for what no that's not walk out
let me waste my money come on
no no sorry all the wheels good good
good no last one I think this might be I
think that might be it I know they've
gone they've gone guys ha
all of them have gone we did well though
we did we did well we got Noah we got a
team of the year Noah and that's what
counts
it's what counts we got the team of the
year that I was looking for I don't
think we were gonna get one today if I'm
honest I really didn't think we were
what else we go we got inform Ericsson
to daheia Courtois you know what I'm
gonna stop I'm gonna stop there I'm
gonna go look at my beautiful card let's
have a look where are you shot yourself
where are you I hate lone players I
should get rid of all this there he is
look at that first owner 90 how much is
a pool how much does he go for I'm so
nervous of doing this compare price one
point for one point for one point for a
meal is about a meal so I want it up and
down okay it's about a milk I'll take
that that's it for today guys we got the
team of the year we were looking for
thank you everyone who came to the live
stream thank you for watching this now
sorry it was late but I just wanted you
know I wanted to make sure that we've
got this that we've got these packs if
there's hundreds ready for our keys I'm
sure I'll be back but who knows that's
all for today thank you guys for
watching and yeah thanks shredder for
the music check out sure
