ladies and gentlepeople today is a Team
of the Year challenge I always play
against the certain person whenever
there is this this certain challenge and
today we have Jesse I just mean things
we are doing a pack and play but we are
using team of a year loose also today we
are gonna be opening three of the team
of the week guaranteed player packs
those three team of the week players
will be put into our team then we will
be opening one 45k pack and building the
rest of the team with that and that will
be the team that we have to play against
each other with we will be doing a
rematch on Jesse's channel as well so
make sure you check that out in the
description and subscribe while you're
over there and now Jesse are you ready
to open the pack I am moving over there
I'm almost ready I was too busy looking
at how beautiful at Christmas but now
I'm ready so we are doing three of these
we have six because we are doing the two
games one on Jesse's channels so Jesse
are you on the team of the week 17
player pack I might boom things I
haven't even looked at team of the week
when we do the same do we even think
about that I 86 you know a spaz okay I
mean I'll take ease on the right League
beautiful look at that that's chemistry
right there we're gonna get some
chemistry bonus yeah we have this the
same team right now so there is an egg
way now there there's a Giroud the best
player in the world for saying there's
an ESCO there's an Eriksen that that's
pretty much everything I want boom here
we go again I don't know what I don't
know what we do if we get the same one
oh no either and I oh I got many other
oh I just talked about oh good you get
hmm you get the same one alright so as I
have the duper girl obviously you aren't
used to so I'm gonna have to use an
extra player from the 45k pack oh I
swear to God if I get the same ones
please please please don't be the same
though I'm gonna dip all oh my god dose
my heart but yeah yeah I saw right wing
Spanish and I shit myself
get it again but I go I just go 87 right
you disco oh my god you a loophole so
this pack will make up the rest of the
team you get 12 players so you know
we'll just have to bronze benches I
think but yeah players they're the only
ones you can use pop the important in
the year come on they're gonna be a
bunch of you look good so I'm gonna have
to figure out how I'm gonna get him in
there is gonna take me a while
oh I got some okay sighs players oh I
got an 81 rate
Coco is mine at least she's like in the
right league in each other position oh
that's why I might use hymning it
instead of the other one my mine is not
good okay I got a goalkeeper though so
previously before this video we had
agreed to use the four one two on two
formation no matter what positions we go
and this is how it's turned out how is
your team how's your team lookit -59
chemistry and I now me using one of my
informants I got best UI and so I
figured he'd be better than that inform
dose what is yours
48 hey you have someone for every
position or no I don't have Rio left
bucks all right let's do this let's see
what could happen so here we go we
pretty much know each other's team
already but uh you're gonna be pretty
sad when sad Dave scores Gibbs wait how
come you're Toni Kroos is clapping his
hands whenever I purchased him it was
just his face like it normally this adds
a my skin for you all right you see this
guy I'm about to pass to it's gonna be
my best yeah this guy look sad day he's
good sad Dave wait happen this surfers
game playing this year by the way how
often do you play this game I only play
my series Oh
oh you play a lot more than me then cuz
I don't even play a series for you this
is gonna be so unfair you played foot
comes out rue but I didn't play it okay
and play something I see you back there
by the way human counter-attack I joke
you do on the game this year no I'm
saying I counter technology also you're
on counter-attack - Wow your mother yes
give us Oh Oh busted
I was right there to take that oh my god
oh look honey that wasn't sad Dave I
don't think oh no oh no no oh no utiful
buildup
just broke this oh you haven't changed
okay no it will never change it's just
too easy most times sad day boy those my
god that's not all that was beautiful
oh I'll get me a teeny sad day let's go
nice shots good go and gabbiadini there
you go beautiful fun ha ha ha no I've
seen that one nice Oh sugar sugar sugar
sugar honey I see nothing I was just
you know I take he's gotta be tough
buddy cuz that was hideous that is
actually depressing I know what you want
to do you're gonna see her wait for one
of these guys and then I go open house
gonna get my cousin close run under the
steam of the Year cruise yeah I wasn't
paying attention it was I'm a freaking
idiot that was nasty
oh come on go go go think of that nice
good work
no take that I won't touch you don't
touch me what oh no I show you one are
you okay go sit go slow they're not what
now you've messed it up now you've
messed it up baby oh okay well you know
I didn't imagine that he was actually
gonna get that so oh I see I always knew
you're gonna posture that guy like
you're just gonna keep passing it
forward like this at one point you're
gonna get it yep oh dang I'm even posa
oh you went back I didn't expect that at
all huh taking it Oh get it on oh oh
yeah oh oh get over this chance this is
something I go to use outside web yes
yes hahaha
always the main man himself the main man
insult a woman that's why he's blue
no way with your stupid goal that was
offside anyway oh oh that could work
come on no I get one more chance no you
get more yes make all this yes yes me Oh
big time yeah that is half-time solid
half let's pull it off I don't find any
very solid and very she did I only have
two on target by the way that's crab
you're you're a terrible she took and
stop that did you you know some of this
are you oh my you are dirty
no you know why I do it right I don't
allow anyone's guess shove off
from kickoff cuz this game is broken it
is broken in and will let you just run
forward but still that's just me so all
this please I've done everything in my
power to get a goal it is just not going
it really not enough yeah I guess not
oh I not right now oh no way oh no what
a big boom what weight off it God fine
you going on I like held a stern face
cuz I was like yay let's go look Jackie
block no how was the oh my god come on
baby I'm about to prefer unison
somebody's gotta be tired that's why
this is happening
I'm pretty sad to be honest you know how
it is with me and said Dave I can't have
that
oh my god see I'm just gonna do anything
now because nothing's gonna where you if
I get my box no it's for you to make
some subs
I'm just happen yeah I'm going to that
olia Judy well just read the you know
he's gonna do a Ford pass yeah you know
yeah
is he on Oh going go to baby that moment
that was oh yeah see ya you laughed at
my strikers I didn't even see I want to
see you like later on after this I might
we go look at this and I don't think you
is on oh here we gotta go
if you don't school that I'm
disappointed there we go baby
hahahaha no you so much to the school
you gave me pressure I give me any of
that that you put pressure on me they
just think us I'm gonna do don't you
your viewers will hate you forever if
you do that so you're leaving this room
like me a little bit what the fuck I did
that oh what the
what are you talking about look at that
oh my god oh my god go forward rigged
this miss it
boss slows down big chuckle oh this
could be it this give me a brick taco
how is he back up I should have killed
him no no no no no no no no he's game
over game over
come on baby come on get up there dude
don't go oh my god let's go the first
one is just on side like just merely
just your left back is just about
playing one side and I think he's only
playing one side because my guys hugging
him I actually lost for real though I
found it out though I think you should
have won that it was a close match so
well deserved a good job and now we have
a rematch on your channel so as I say
guys make sure you check it out in the
description subscribe boy over there I'm
gonna go beat Jesse again thanks
watching and peace
