hello game was poppin little gang
probably should make Logan for juice
right now you know what can get that
scraps that scratch that okay so what's
up guys welcome to the vlog as you can
see there is no Christmas tree down here
a few days ago my parents came over and
helped me get rid of it so I recorded
that alright it's time to say goodbye to
the tree it's been good but there's only
one way to do this this is the right
first up it's gonna get all of this off
slaughter of a tree begins almost all
done we just couldn't get a couple of
bubbles but we decided to leave that up
for you know Simon clothing calm all
right safety first obviously got my
glasses I'll never use the chainsaw
before like wow yeah
whoa I say that's done
are you sure enough now yes sure enough
well that's a hat it is a new year new
me I hate all of that stuff so I'm not
gonna say that nothing new you need me
but I said I would start going to the
gym in the new year not because of a new
year new me purely because I thought you
know I don't have anything on after New
Year so me and George we're starting to
get into the gym yeah yeah yes go okay
so before we start I have a pair Oh
these bad boys to give up some cookies
okay okay nice actually they're very
nice right I'm giving a pair of these
away all you have to do is comment on
the two videos in the description below
the bottoms gold yeah and look oh yeah
anyways all you have to do is comment on
two videos and you can win a pair of
these if guys don't want me to sign them
I'll sign them I'm not sure if you want
me to does it kind of ruins them but
it's up to you good as new
bold strategy but we've moved upstairs
Spiteri yeah yeah because listen exit
fit the time this is the big moment this
is this is very long goes wrong
and the trees gone and this way stay
safe and it's all clean except there I
need to vacuum that biome yeah this is
all clean that the hallway is back to
normal thanks mom and dad for helping me
with that because that would have been a
lot of work without them also this is
genuinely like don't do this at home my
dad knows how to use a chainsaw and
everything so it wasn't like it wasn't
that dangerous okay my dad has I don't
know something he was a lumberjack at
some point
that's enough of that for now go cut
back to that anyway so one of the things
I got Christmas is this ancestry DNA kit
this literally sponsored isn't it send
in like saliva or something is my mouth
or is it like from anywhere okay
activate kit online do not skip this
step now we can skip that gather DNA do
not eat drink smoke or chew gum for 30
minutes I had a drink in manator go yeah
I'm fine
he'll just tell me that I'm from Cabo
this is like a sperm sample of something
I've just realized how is this alright
so Jim though so you guys thought the
old meat six make sure I go Jim okay and
I say I'm gonna snap I'm probably not
Matt's in the Whitman in it I need to
live up to the name I need to get wedge
slot can be wedge man
exactly so I'm gonna start trying to go
give me time put pressure on me okay
you're the guy you have to make you go
yeah I'm gonna go is that are you
actually gonna go yeah but I don't think
I can edit anything like that I'm sorry
bro
I think I'm 100% English sure no one's a
hundred percent English okay I'm like 10
percent Scott I think I'm gonna be
really really boring really yeah cuz I'm
not Canadian by blood I just have a
citizenship so I'm trying I'm trying to
think I think that you
oddish you think I'm Irish now that yeah
that make sense I'm white I'll be honest
we're gonna also get one for jobs as
well he's gonna do that off camera so we
don't have to see more spit but then
we'll get our results the same day
sometime soon we don't know when and
yeah well let's get mail this boom it's
done
so I think in a few days we'll find out
where I'm from I'm gonna be Spanish if
I'm Spanish if I'm even a little percent
Spanish i'ma start talking Spanish Elias
Easter's gracias me panic London that's
why you got me this book you got me the
book how to deal with a huge penis me
penny grande say there isn't a season
has a chart to do the penis it because
all the way to here it's oMG even though
the girth chart what are you seeing with
them it's bigger than that if you're
sitting there with this I worried you
parson Aries I'm you get a boner the
amount of blood that's going to that you
know what the hell does the nicely mine
speaking of what did you get for
Christmas
yeah I got nothing come on some of your
presence do yeah but what well isn't in
there you want to go maybe you right now
inflatable boxing gloves let's go try
some chocolate with cereal win I might
be a show mmm yeah now you got some tea
flavored potato chips not tea before
right of course I've had tea and British
josh hasn't sorry dosas never had to
your topic
Nina's Ethan Wow anything like that
taste that tastes just like ready salted
that is that really solve it right I
think I should try this packet
but this isn't that it just is the worst
person to be these days how many lights
does this need to get final one you guys
know I love football it's a it's a map
where you scratch off the stadiums
you've been to so I want to scratch off
as many as I can by the end of the year
to be honest what we saying do I have to
have gone to a game or just binge to it
yeah yeah I've done a book tour of the
Newcastle stadium but meet up at the new
coaster Roger yeah obviously leads Old
Trafford scratch I've been to Wycombe
Southampton Brighton ready mr. Barnet
into Watford okay into keep er okay
haven't been to Fulham been to Emirates
since is Stafford bridge charming in
that Millwall don't go for the Wimbledon
brekford perfect Tottenham Leyton Orient
Millwall and West have 17 of these by
the end of the year I won't have come to
another eight the ones I've all been to
the ones I would go to so the other
eight are all ones that I would not
normally go to make sense right you guys
want me to go to a game near you've let
me know let me know what games I should
go to and I'll come say hi and then I
can scratch you off here yeah we have a
pet snack shop if you wanna see a more
in-depth tutorial where you have to go
on josh's channel and leave it did it
like go to the big man
pet food in there you can put some skit
was in there okay mmm loneliness they
did one up right and then you sigh come
up you go hey Wibbly
what is the blog what no yeah yeah
it's not the right time is it yeah that
is a blog as I said let me know what you
guys want me to go in terms of football
stadiums also if you want to win the
pair of football boots all you got to do
is go comment on those two videos in the
description that's it for today thank
I'll swatch it
