team of the season Tim of the year team
of the year removes the team of the year
kit in case yeah I'm not yeah anyway
it's a line lightning round I should I
should probably start let's go alright
50 K packs there's already five thousand
God come on give me a blue you know what
there is that's awful I didn't even get
freakin cards I didn't have already I'm
going really quick because I have a lot
of fever points there's only three
players like again that's three big
flares Yaya touré solid take a Yaya
touré
is only a good player I'll take it not
the big flowers like an 84 88 it's
Patricia they're decent flares but then
again these are 50k packs I should be
getting Masaccio Oh Gary just sound like
a northerner trying to say Gary Gary
Ethan's girl walk out where's mine where
where's my walk out give me walk out
we're blue if I see if I see blue imma
go crazy if I see blue I'm walking out
you know it's one a three player you
know it's a 98 minimum just want to see
a blue sparkle I keep seeing my 84 rate
is probably gonna be hundred Capek later
tonight and considering how much I'm
gonna spend right now I'm not looking
forward to it oh okay inform please
please be good I mean you see inform you
see Perth Glory classic Castro I mean
solid player that doesn't even fucking
open in these for a video he's just
opening that he's getting better players
than me these pipes are useless and I'm
spending too much they are freaking
awful packs
I keep getting 83 Reagan Oh big flare
it's another inform its I man like
trivia no way is this even for is this
for video this isn't for video you know
okay I'm gonna put I'm gonna put my
headset to the speaker in three two one
you hear this little bitch here this
little bitch right now cuz my chairs too
low as it is now I'm at the right height
the next pack is gonna be a good pack
you just got informed oh yes I got
autumn nd but that's actually my best
player so far where the fuck is my pack
like where am i good pattern you know
what no you know what this is this is
all saving up for a blue if I get a blue
Eaton will tweet me saying you're my dad
Oh
when form again oh okay oh yeah a nice
little deli a lien form I'll take that
I'm getting freakin Gary Cahill you know
were spies there's still 21,000 but
compact net and I'm still getting this
shit really want to get a blue so I can
rub it in JJ's face I don't know why I'd
rub it in his face but just just feels
right Ethan has got five walk out like
this here there's a tear on my face
right now
I can smallest lens I've ever seen in my
life
fart pack Oh pitiful fuck out to leave
in I got trivia uh-huh oh I kind of
smells as Oh have an ogre Walker yeah
why this is a great pack okay I can
literally just see the top of my head oh
my god I that's a walk out that's a walk
out that's a walk out come on it's the
normal walk out though it's a very small
flare I think who is it who is it
Oh for fuck sake its guitar Ian 85 rated
if I walk out that's a walk out again oh
my god that's another walk out that's a
big flat that's a big flat come on come
on I happy with a cut - I don't know I'm
happy with the goods well and a Royce
okay now I'm happy guys I've literally
got four packs left this has been the
last me the entire night
I've lived you just spend this all all
on 50k packages I've just open a pack
with my feet that as a madness I'm
literally in my hands my hands are here
hi honestly I could be a monkey nope
that's dead we need to move the chair
back up please eh
give me one we're done we're done until
the hunter k-pax it thought there better
be four times gave us the wrong side
yeah Miranda basic right I'll be back
shit inanimate in another hundred gay
back bitches why we are out that's an
awful start do not do this again
I've got a pizza here I'd swear if they
last - my pizza gets cold I'm gonna be
very very disappointed I don't get
anything I just I need something please
like the amount of spent so far I need
something right is it this is it this is
the one boom told you is the one walk
out walk out Shannon I okay we got a TV
year
hahahahahahaha how many times have you
heard that joke modrich we get a nice
little walk out with moderate 89 rated
get good things ran why can't I get
something give me another walk out and
I'm being like very selfish and that I
should get more but I've opened a lot of
freaking packs there's no other I'm open
I'm eating my pizza ham danovich okay
he's actually 8087 sore okay
okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay
okay
aah aah that's a walkout and an in-form
bomb go inform Cesc fàbregas I am
gassed
I am fabric gassed right now made a
mistake I shouldn't be opening these all
I'm getting is Joe Hart
good guess lemon could guess a hundred
thousand coins I'm getting Joe heart
come on give me a walkout
oh I know it's a walkout please please
be good be good not yet team of the year
we get again NYP ot why don't walk out
that's not walk out we've got bees are
in my mouth when we get Baines there we
go eight vibrating boom boom how much
does he go for please say it
please say it's a bit please come on you
must go for a little bit okay hundred K
but 45k right we'll take it we aren't
getting anything else this is your team
of the year kids minute help me you know
what it's doing it's making me get Rams
best player in the world
we said why she realized but he is 99
stats of everything just accept it okay
okay Ben
I've reached the new low oh and it for
okay up daddy how do I even get a walk
out this is so painful
keep wearing EA shirt as well yay
another inform oh who is it
it's Delhi Ali calm down breathe it's a
walk up it you know classroom is a would
class versus Team of the Year title
Timothy it should have been team of the
year that's what I was gonna be sto T
why I decided all those Twitter accounts
that tweet us pictures of blue people
all the a accounts so that's a frickin
make us spend more money there's the
walk-up there's the walkout come on give
me a blue flip that's not like that Oh
Marcelo you prick Oh another team of the
year see oh and inform I swear to God
trivia fight back to back in force and
back to back in form trip eh yo I swear
no I swear to
classic Courtois around
we're on give me a walk up walk up boom
walk out boom gimme gimme gimme
shimmy shimmy shimmy that's not good
whoa
you
