yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to another P o box opening as you can
tell I am NOT in the usual places of my
bedroom
you know remember last time I had a
slight power cut so I decided to take it
somewhere else so I'm back to my parents
house and you guys went ham on stuff
this week so I thought I was gonna do it
by weekly buy but I decided that I'm
gonna do it this week as well because it
will probably slow down but you know for
now I'm gonna do it this week maybe next
week I don't know yet I don't know I
don't really plan my videos anyways
let's get straight into it uh it's wrong
that's not a letter to draw it that's a
matte drawing you know this is from Amy
Rathbone so thank you very much although
I'm sorry you're from Liverpool okay on
Oh PS why do you hate Liverpool - thank
you very much Amy and also shall Ben
Bradley Hannah Buffet and Alyssia so
yeah that doesn't that's mad and your
comment regarding me never see your
tweets I see everything
alright you guys don't believe me I see
everything on Twitter what is this says
fragile with care oh my god is as you
like Christmas mmm did Simon it's me
again Joelle the one who sent you a mini
golf starter pack a better Josie would
have made about it would have been
banging thank you okay I'm genuinely
pissed off about that footage being
missing you need to be careful opening
the gift because there are really
fragile gifts in each layer as I've got
older I feel like the way I unwrap
things has turned so differently I feel
like when I was younger it used to just
be like ah he's wrapping layer one it's
a picture of JJ's face Wow uh oh I want
this
like I'm playing pass the parcel because
of the layers I was lame and I'm sorry
oh it's another picture its JJ's face
again why am I seeing JJ spaced so much
yeah another one
wah-ha-ha-ha hey how many pictures can
you possibly have of this guy I'm
starting to think there's nothing in
here I'm starting to think is just JJ's
face oh I think I see the end oh no no
there's another picture yeah brilliant
blonde real this is actually the end it
what is it what is that I baked it's not
just a cow JJ its I fully rate you
because this is a sparkle princess with
JJ's face on it
Jesus yeah that's definitely JJ's oh
it's Maltesers and a Google search of me
you realize I know what I look like
right oh no there is a letter as well
that is Jack Shaw
thank you very much Jack's you off for
those are you sure to share them with my
new girlfriend there's something
straight from Amazon where whoa whoa
whoa okay I saw the words wood species
and got scared digital moisture meter is
this is my superpower to test power wet
women up I did not know what to buy you
so got anything thanks Erin well I mean
to be fair this about me with my
superpower speaking of which
now let me test how moist you are see
this is this is for Aaron did it without
you realizing sure this is a big package
oh it feels like a book
Keep Calm and say mini mentor is the
best thank you very much
it's lying but thank you and then they
got drawing of all the side men and he
actually included everyone there's
actually all seven of us so that is from
Thai thank you very much and also your
friend has Nina what is little earth
it's rubbery what is that I don't know
if I want to touch this oh okay
playstation thumb grips and oh
playstation grits I got really scared
for the felt rubber Mouse Xbox okay so
we got other both Xbox you don't must
think I do this for a living but lot
loads of thumb grips oh dear
I assume the sticker is to save us from
from fatal grips so thank you very much
let me know which one I should use
should I use this one the light blue the
red the like multicolored blues or the
green and black oh that's playstation I
can use anyway wow those three which
will I use oh okay we've got our first
bracelet which is it looks very very
small I assume it can get bigger than
this the same that actually it would fit
me and it says me vinter yeah that size
actually fit me I have ridiculously
small wrists that was made by Syl Syl I
I really hope I pronounced that I'm
sorry I fit in but sales bracelets
Lourdes Sal's bracelets I'll be sure to
check it out cuz this is yeah this is
awesome and also a fart whistle I assume
you didn't make this one yourself don't
even have a possibility trap your own
fart in but that'd be possible if you
trapped your own fine
this is a vuvuzela not a fart whistle we
got a big box now I mean it was set for
Amazon so I know it can't be too bad
it's a dream rotating projection lamp I
mean that that did come in there but
there were also another two here okay
this one
there's look at these a tutu a Toby
never mind don't don't tell Toby that
that's for him
whoever send them thank you very much oh
okay again I'm sorry that I'm opening
this late
I mean actually this this did come after
Christmas and huge Christmas card thank
you very much Chloe thank you very much
for the letter I'll read that off camera
because I don't I don't think you want
me to know read it all out in front of
everyone it specifically says open on
camera it also says fragile well that
don't mean anything paint done here is
fragile all right so we got a curly
wurly we got some chocolate coins we got
some matcha types of some sick players
we got friggin Sanchez so we got Tony
Cruz and we got a man himself I'm not an
hour ago we've got a mad pokemon drawing
okay so this is why you said it a
notepad of euros and a small bug that I
assume moves on it oh yeah the thing is
this would genuinely sketch AJ I will
try and use it on JJ at some point that
was from Callum who is a lean fan as
well more shit all together
thank you very much tier for the drawing
as well and the Christmas card sorry
delay again we got like a whole book
it's from Georgina okay that's like
there's loads of drawings as well I'm so
sorry you have to wait so long the book
tour but I'm happy I got to meet you
thank you very much for the booklet I
don't know what to put but thank very
much Regina hello from ups okay I mean
okay whoa whoa my name is faith high
faith thank you very much for watching
our videos faith and thank you very much
for this as well I want to try and build
like a wall of stuff like drawings and
paintings and stuff and have that as
like a background gee this is matte I
feel like this is the letter itself you
know you don't need to put anything in
it that's just like that's a madness I
felt bad opening it but at the same time
holy cow okay we got a lot of stuff here
Ronnie Brown we have met before we did
meet at the book talk and as I said this
would be so cool to make like a wall out
now Ronnie did send one more thing pink
haired I use this on your hair in a vid
please I was so close to ending this I
hate all of you
sure a very nice message okay I was I
had to do it okay I was about to get
really pissed off I put us on sushi it's
candy sushi you can tell me to eat fish
for a video I ain't gonna do it
yo what this is mad this is mad this is
mad this is mad oh my god these are
really good
you know what I don't even matter what I
say right now you guys are always
looking at my hair
that's from Alisha I'm so sorry if I've
said your name wrong yeah I remember you
she called me long fully long now wanna
go thank you very much for that that's
nothing really mean okay the final one
from Vegas
come on chips for a casino Chesbrough
casino please but anything has chips
from a casino but it is is a Christmas
card with a reindeer
oh no wait there is actually a gift as
well this is from talent so thank you
very much for that but it's a bracelet
okay well that makes does M&M into one
and if I come to Vegas I will tweet it
out okay so make sure you follow me on
Twitter because I'll tweet it out and we
can meet up and I'll say thank you this
personally everyone knows I'm going back
to Vegas sometime soon and then I have
some letters which I will be going
through on my snapchat you can make sure
you find that in the description is mini
mint 2/7 beer that is all for this
week's pio box opening as I said I will
probably be doing it every other week
but this week I just thought you know
there's quite a lot of stuff so I
thought I'd open it now yeah that's all
for today thank you guys for watching
leave a like if you enjoyed 70,000 likes
for pink hair thank you guys for
watching and please
