hunting we will go indeed we will go
hunting for the top comment which today
was 5 Rd or buy e now I didn't know who
to buy and body is an English striker so
you would link with hon tubby you know
what we have a lot of strikers got
Ratchford or d lee we got Kane Perez
hunter himself
we got low centre backs we only have the
four good ones Jagielka Perez Matthew
Sacco and Mustafi now by E is one of the
best centre backs in the game according
to a lot of other people who play the
game a lot and I've had those baits and
etc so Eric by ye please what yes ok
we've got everybody for 9300 we still
have 18,000 coins and I'm sorry Sacko
but you are being a place he just came
in but we're getting rid of them
straight away Eric bye ye there you go
and just cause why not we're gonna start
with a 2 players pack so we've submitted
those in we get a two players gold pack
I mean they're normally all right
they're untradable though which is a
slight problem here we go to res please
give me something good please nipple boy
areolas yeah nipple and Chesney okay
well you know what we'll put both of
them in the cloud if we send him to club
we can sell him that's another 600 coins
we were in Division three we've won two
out of our three games if we can win
both today we're safe in the division
I'm not too confident about winning both
games the division three is proven to be
a little bit more difficult but I'll do
my best
just for you we don't have Danny drink
Warren so we won't be you know donating
any this game but by he's making his
first start okay this is this could be
good your foot founder in the first game
that's never good okay two informs got a
walkout in Buffon so solid team but not
sure how good this league is in FIFA
just please let him be awful kids aren't
very helpful okay now we have a chance
now we have a serious chance where the
people sit back he's he's very very
pressurizing go on that was Kent a I I
don't know how I don't know how I
managed to get sure off without being a
foul tackle um nice King punch up Joe
hunting we will go a hunting we will go
Kane is a monster now I've lost the ball
out there's ago yeah oh okay yeah I keep
thinking I need but landing go if I want
to win but Carius is Carius is decent I
don't want to speak too soon but where
do I go here where do nice ok ok go on
hand oh why lucky has so many people
there but now ok trilling trilling pendo
hand oh that was a weak ass shot oh my
god we have a chance we have a chance
run run hand oh please hand oh hello I'm
chipped it oh my god oh my god oh so
good oh we go 45 minutes a goal you know
is it's just building isn't it yeah look
wait a second get my shop now it doesn't
give me a chance you serious I can't
break him down no one could break either
team doubt how am I caught in here well
look at this I'm caught I'm stuck I'm a
prisoner of my own facade that doesn't
make any sense
all right here we go here we go pass it
down plus it in uh not sure about that
Coleman am i right back live to the edge
and again all right back nice I don't
really know okay I don't really know
where I'm going Glenn Johnson straight
to the goalkeeper please how is that a
foul how am I meant to get through this
team team pass it pass it
go on hon top
that's what I need to do let's just play
slow and just look for that gap or score
from a corner wait wait this is still
still possible no it's not possible
this guy is on a hundred percent
defensive right now I can tell because
every time I freaking get an attack he
is like three players back I don't know
how he's doing he's a wizard he's either
on defensive look look look him look him
gone play by pass it up the pitch
Liam our Harry Kane oh nice nice boom yo
what no like that how has he got that
player there how is he gonna ball moving
keep the ball moving gone for this how
am I meant to get past this get Muslim
pass it up lemon and cane smashes it
how is boom gonna save every single
thing he's the new Butland yo guys I
think this is actually gonna be a new
nail I think I think we're actually
gonna have a Neil Neil game is that bad
I mean well it is bad what unless what
the I pressed a to cancel that last
attack last tuck nice
what's in
right nice oh you know what banging
cross always the rule is the follow up
cane you little shit now my god look at
he didn't have a shot in the second half
and I have frickin 11 eyes genuinely
pissed me off at least one or at least
when I got over a 5k pack now you know
what we're doing something else
so we're trading in another one of these
bad boys we're getting another two
player pack cuz I'm happy I didn't get a
single pack in that game one need is a
gold here we go two gold players please
give me something good Wow
such ease I mean such ease life alright
so we bought Russia vacuum we got Danny
drink war we got SP back this is one of
the strongest teams we can feel good I
hope it's strong enough to take on there
guys are we've got another that's
another stereo thing just get the same
guy pretty much has the same team just
allow the informs and they're like the
top players fingers crossed everyone
cross your fingers right now okay leave
them crossed I think it's the green kit
I swear I normally wear white I don't
think I normally wear the green one he
is defensive as hell look look how
defensive he is Mustafi he turns back
turns turns okay you know what get rid
of the ball because I don't trust you up
there nice gone Danny you could have
given money to charity why do you hit
okay this it's still on still on step
how how is don't pick don't freaking
pick that up go on hunter ref pen I
honestly should as a shock but should a
shot but after the last game I got a
little bit nervous because I've had a
bit of hunter just freaking shoot Wow
why going on troubles up well go on I
don't know how I even attempted to go
for that ball he wasn't anywhere near it
I rash for stretching his limbs turns in
gets tackled brilliant it's gonna be
another goalless game I think guy is
fuck's sake
stuffy don't know miss Duffy the stuff
he's just giving it away mister did I do
that what I don't know what just
happened but I've escaped a certain goal
please please get rid of these Newsies
holy moly holy moly how is that just
hunter just helped him hunters on the
other team
I've decided keeps yes wow wow wow what
the clearance why are you taking so long
run okay you know that was awful that
was oh my god hunter hunter is having a
shocker right now that's why I'm not
scoring cuz he's my striker I've given
him a different strike partner he's
still in scoring I haven't had a shot
that's why I'm not scoring guy even
complain
hahaha look please yeah that could have
been a pen that could have been a pen
and it should have headed it in probably
just based on FIFA like logic that
should have cut in go where the Frick no
come as soon as he took the shot of like
carriers ain't Butland yeah gonna score
might have to go attacking them I'm
going I'm gonna attack him and this is
this has been an awful display of
feature today you know it hasn't even
been that awful I just can't school ah
you know what it's gonna be an all-out
attack thing innit it's gonna be it's
gonna come down to it and I'm gonna get
absolutely touch come on come on please
please please
why you so Hunter's been absolutely
fuckin awful today and I'm at I'm
genuinely getting pissed off oh my god
what a bull what a ball but you know
what
Oh Hunter hands up no brilliant yet my
players somehow fell over and he has the
ball yeah yeah that's just great he's
going for the freakin penalty in it pass
it inside please please
that's a horrible bull but you know what
we'll take it and we'll take a dummy
drink waters you're thinking a touch oh
my god I'm honestly I've lost lost
another
well I see another I mean oh look at
that look at this look at this he's
running he's just running this is
running and running and running my angry
I'm too angry to thank you guys this
ain't happening well guys it's been an
absolutely freaking awful shitty I'm
just calm down a draw and a loss and not
even that I didn't get a single pack
I've got to do one more don't like this
Wheatley I'll have a pack of interesting
I don't know what to say because I don't
want to say anything because I'm so
frickin angry right now it's horrible
losing and drawing a game in Division
three as well like this is where it
really starts to count but this is where
it's grudge matches every game every
single game is like frickin Palmer's the
hashtag Sorrentino in gold alright it
but I mean I couldn't sell him yes so so
where's the 20,000 coin guy but he
thought the coin $20 coin let me know
who you want me to buy keep liking each
other's comments that's all for today
thank you guys for watching and please
