it's me right now rocket League and you
are one creepy ass man all I could think
of when he said that was you're a play
game you know what it says it's a
snapchat Q&A I asked you guys on
snapchat to send me some questions and I
specifically said please only vids so
why the hell did you guys keep sending
me just chaps you know what I'm gonna
calm down I'm gonna calm down and we're
gonna move on to your questions when you
do videos like like answering questions
why they so sure
unlike only three minutes
these should wear where do you see three
minutes I mean admittedly I was actually
gonna agree with you until I looked it
up just now that this video should be at
least you know like equal with those it
should be like around six minutes I hope
if not you know they'll just be a blank
screen at the end so how many of you
just skip forward see if there's a blank
screen at the end now
yeah that's what I thought some places
you want to travel to I love this
question okay because we always get
asked are you gonna go to this place are
you gonna go to this place and to be
honest none of us have any traveling
plans whatsoever right now that doesn't
mean I don't have places I want to go my
list right now is a lot more than it
should be because I know I'm not gonna
go to them because well I know I'm not
gonna go to all of them because I'd
never travel I mean look how pale I am
right now I'm like a ghost as if I go
outside so the places I want to go are
Australia cuz I want to do a collab with
Rocco Rocco again but I want to do like
their style of collab and go like all
out you know go there for like a week
and just spend ages doing a video with
them I want to go Tokyo because you know
Tokyo freaking cool that is I wanna go
to Canada just cuz you know Canada is a
nice place I want to go somewhere in
America whether it's LA or New York I
haven't quite figured it out maybe Vegas
and in the final places probably know
maybe Thailand are you gonna think I
mean ladyboys now on I don't know that's
at the bottom of the list okay would you
kill JJ for a million pounds
do you spy you just do like YouTube I
inspired you Simon
why am i your background Oh weird would
you rather have to be festive every
single day of the rest of your life or
have to wear a Halloween costume I was
where Halloween costume every day
because I mean JJ does it every single
day he gets away with it do you know see
where he's just wearing you can do it so
can I make a roast or case I think I've
covered that I think I want to go too
deep cuz you does just this is me he's
my friend wrapped in a while
jeez hairlines wait back no he is my
friend and I shall stick to that
Pringles night Oh fuckin off bingo yeah
fucking great I fucking love Pringles me
especially that flavors oh I love that
flavor sour cream and onion my question
to you is why is there a red arrow
pointing to an author could coming I
mean Lee when I go home and see my
family there's always a van that says
Bedknobs on the side and me and my runs
always laugh because this is nob so you
know what fair play fair play for you
for pointing out coming what motivated
you to do YouTube every day you know
what motivates me guys the fact that
every day I upload videos and when I
upload the video I straightaway see just
thousands and thousands of pounds in my
bank account okay no no no I'm did
stupid stupid anyway is genuinely I know
you're all gonna have not believed me as
cheesy as it sounds but it is you guys
seeing comments that are positive and
likes on videos that really motivate
someone that's why everyone becomes soda
motivated like that recently there was
like a pug on YouTube where everyone's
views cut in half you know I was doing
like a hundred million views on this
channel and now it's down you know half
that and it does de motivate you a
little bit because you you know I'm
still doing what I was doing except now
it seems like people aren't as
interested so does the motivate you
quite a lot but then seeing the positive
comments just makes you want to carry on
and just forget about views and anything
like that and as long as people were
still enjoying the videos I want to make
them I mean we're only a weekend so I
know who I had like two days ago
it was a really good poo I don't really
know what to say I haven't haven't done
much in this this years we've had a week
my favourite shoes were the white Zed X
Lux is now they were these because now I
don't want to wear them because I mean
look at that I mean I will clean them at
some point and there will be my
favourite ghin but probably the black
ones of these are my favourite right now
don't ask me why okay although I did
order a pair of shoes that's arriving
today actually I'm going to get them
which I will put on my snapchat and
those will become my favourite shoes so
that is the answer to your question
check my snapchat unless you're watching
this in a couple days in which case it
won't be up would you eat all of your
fingers for an extra 10 toes no why
would I why would I want 20 toes where
was the toes even go would they be on
the back of my feet would they be on why
am I even considered no I wouldn't hi
Simon
our question to you is what is your
favorite food pizza although right now
it's eiseley mac and cheese would you
eat fish for 10 million pounds 10
million - I'd eat fish for 1 million
pounds
I'd eat fish food now let me be smart
here because I know someone will pay to
have one bite of fish I would accept
1,000 pounds to charity do you like
dolphins are sharks dolphins
I guess kill me and you kind of said
sharks weirdly so I don't I don't like
them anymore does that mean
I'm sure she'll be fine I swear to God
if any of my awkward fucking dog
videos make it into your video I will
hunt you down
delete would you rather go out with a 14
year old and everyone knowing or a 50
year old everyone I mean come on I don't
want to call you stupid one of them is
legal one of them isn't what's your
go-to song to sing in the shower that's
why people music isn't it
stop playing white people music okay -
what is going on if you might - okie my
husband my G's gonna money I put him
dude you several kept moment about 4G
suffocate Magnemite just breathe
Simon how many times you had sex with ki
sighs I don't know what he said I don't
know what the end of that work I don't I
don't want to know what the end of that
was but whatever it is zero unless it's
his butt and then it's that's why people
music isn't it shut the fuck up
