Joe ghazals going on and welcome to
another fuck I forgot what this series
is called hunting we will go what's
going on I am back in the hunter shirts
and we actually for once have a knot I'm
not gonna sweat I'm gonna see how long I
can go not swearing that's wearing the
inch already from this moment on okay we
have a donkey load of coins 35,000
because these players better are be
lynched ana komen and Guardado
all sold we'll put these two up as well
and we'll see what happens the top
comment though laughs the last time when
we got tea or dessert you know I think I
did a pretty good job basically we got
him in a pack which is pretty insane but
this is the problem he doesn't really
sell so you know ten thousand seven
hundred you know what we're just gonna
quick sell em I think we're losing out
on you know like 200 coins max that's if
he sells but the top comment was to sell
the inform and buy can't a so he informs
gone we're up to 45,000 coins and there
is can say wow he is expensive 24k 21k
good a game as a sense of it I know that
might not be the right decision but
we're gonna go for the cinnamon just so
we can put them somewhere else we need
to can't say welcome to the team we
still have 25k left by the way guys so
keep letting me know who you want me to
buy keep like at each other's comments
and I will choose the top one question
is who do we now get riddle we have
Bruno Henderson we have drink water I've
got to keep drink water as well actually
I can guarantee because we have Carrick
and message so diet you can go do I
completely because what I got as your
rude I'm not gonna I'm not gonna per
minute II don't worry just then I can't
believe you forgot I got it right Danny
drink water you're coming on because you
know we're trying to get some more money
for charity oh okay guys you know what
we are gonna play can't a for the first
game we're in Division three if we can
get two wins the day will be one win off
safety in the division I said that rest
started I'm sorry I sworn I think I've
done well we're going in here we go
alright Division three proved to be
difficult and it's gonna continue to
prove de bruyne Yaya tour√© Eric by Yi
Sanchez info oh my
you know what I was so close to seeing
as the top comment as well was by
Butland and I know he doesn't have
Butland which is my hope I saw that and
I got very excited for a second but I
need another I don't know what I really
need I don't know what unless we build a
separate team and just accept the hunter
won't be in it all we build a defense of
Liga BBVA I don't know let me you guys
decide that's what I like is you guys
will kind of agree on something and then
I can you know go with the majority so
I'm not gonna try specifically to get
Drinkwater goals but we did get him a
goal last time and every goal we get
drink water is another 50 pounds to a
charity at the end of the season but I
mean that's really rare play it go on
tickets I can't I can take my beast on
stage like can't buy honesty we did two
players like nobody's business again can
take what a pass what way way way way
way he's gonna what he didn't owe back
career nor carrier Stanny drink water
mate Danny drink water shots on-target
show some target they don't get me they
don't get money for charity I'm playing
such nice foot was actually ridiculous
but can I get a possum ha oh there's a
seminar go back I was an assist for
Danny drink one our goal but an assist
it's done very well
Danny drink water will play every game
possible we obviously if he's unfit it
won't be playing no no no look oh it
still hasn't actually gone off that's
the man thing watch this watch the time
what's the time as soon as it gets the
page and you get to put this but it's
about half time we are drawing well I
just what I don't know how it roaring I
lose this game I will be heartbroken my
god please please Danny you're on side
you on side you know what fast blows I
see you and it's to the goalkeeper Danny
I need you to be on Form right now
there's no way to get through this
there is no way to get through this I
come especially when I'm doing this
good gum bang bang boom that better
vehicle
corner that's not even a corner complain
through one and boom Smalling big ugly
feeling the way I have big ugly thing as
well and I can tell here's a big and
ugly near post near post you ran away
ran away what you know what
Coleman you're a beast don't know for
more disappointed in the short other
fats I just called him a beast where do
we go where the hell do I run to he just
has too many people forward doesn't oh
oh oh oh you know what bang it across
that's a pen we got to burn that's good
Smalling his big ugly feet that's not
the pens for ya put me down look put me
down
disgusting it's a very risky tactic
going for hunter but I have to do it
because we need Paxton we get that bat
now we just need to play well just
that's all we need to do I know it's
easier said than done but but all that
was risky I didn't realize that was the
books guy there are three minutes left
and here's pausing it why are you
pausing it oh no I'm sorry I have to go
ultra defensive all night park the bus
or something always change this
formation and he's change this formation
and look at the attack he's gone no no
no no no nice bye hunter okay please be
on please be on cuz we get on them I'm
so happy he was assigned that's it we
did it one two seven and a half K pipe
size for the hunter goals really to to
injuries he was just injured before this
as well change the team up a bit we
brought Santi Cazorla back in Carrick
Henderson and Glenn Jones still
confident this guy is gonna be good I
can feel it he's got Benzema oh he's got
announcer Sanchez and Butland Renato
Sanches is that guy that I can't play no
matter wat watch him dominate me this
game I mean hopefully you know I'll
prove myself wrong and you won't see him
dominate anyone but you never know is
the main thing am i doing better or
worse than I was last year at this point
if you have you get
what I mean am i doing well or not I
can't really tell Oh bollocks there we
go yet come on what what are you what
how don't give him a pen that he like he
didn't deserve to get through so it's
kind of karma that he didn't always done
very well this guy is very good this
guy's very he was he was honestly that
was honestly very nice until we turned
back I don't know why he passed I mean
he's obviously not meant to pass it
there but you know what I will take it
here we go rush for this is where you
can bang it that's wish I had cane on
right now here we go this is where it's
over this is where it's over yeah
all he had to do was all he has to do is
shoot all you have to do is frickin
shoot with Benzema I don't know how he
got into that position like I honestly
don't know how he got there yeah and
then he just gets one little attack
through and he's loved me that's that's
ridiculous because you know the worst
part is right he is taking a free-kick
and my player just refuses to let me
control him he turns around does all
this thing I don't deserve to be to know
down but at the same time I don't feel
comfortable like saying that I should be
winning I need a goal I need a goal
please please please ref he found me a
sack oh wait turn out wait there you go
Sacko Sacko you're a big guy you can do
that there you go there you go hunter
and bang Oh might like that but why has
I just gone straight to him I should
have gone to me Jackie Jackie Jackie
black son see yes yes
the goats just Rushford I don't know how
he got away with that but he did and
then he gets a chance whatever he wants
they stay back stay back stay back
this guy like there we going can't say
yeah no no no no no no no no no great
save like freaking in scene say okay
where do we go where do we go
early bull there was no one in there
there's no what there's no one there
I'll take a corner from that we may have
to actually go all out attack in a
second Renato Sanches of course who else
Michael Carrick has he ever had a shot
from that far out I don't think so this
guy's on defensive right now though
where is my team I'm gonna tacking for
Frick sake chuckle there's the goal
there's the final goal isn't it
may as well just go all-out attack I
could get some goals at least maybe no
probably not
oh please your side please be go go go
go go go no no way did he just make it
through you know what
bang up yet course for one don't have
this game for one but it is
yeah 5k pack from it there it is full
time for one that's not even close but I
mean if we can win the next two that's
12 points lose one then we win the next
two that's 18 points so I mean we're on
course still I know the blue line says
we're not but we are now my new gets
open these pace the first one is this
for the last goal we just scored a rare
player
oh oh okay for me neo I mean he might be
worth selling so let me know and a
thousand coins okay okay now we get two
of these bad boys come on this is where
something good come out but it's not
going to exist
nope it's a non breath that's just
fantastic Terran teeny and the final
pack-up today is my shower the other guy
using my showers that you owe me you owe
me Marci I want to give me anything give
me big Leon just put everything to club
we've got 27 thousand coins guys let me
know what you want me to do top point
with when I choose they got sorted and
please
