yo guys what's going on and welcome to a
foot draught I haven't done one of these
in quite a while but today we're adding
a little twist that's right for every
goal I concede I will be taking one of
these punishment starting with the left
and moving all the way to the right but
the first one will be a spoonful of
Marmite then lemon juice then B boozled
etc I'd like to think that I wouldn't
concede that many goals if I lose it's
just over okay so if I lose you know one
nil I'm only doing one actually doing it
I might just lose one nil
no no no I need it now let's go this is
the draw you know what I'm gonna just go
for the standard four one two one two
please please please to me to die it'd
be nice to okay we'll take a messy
straightaway I just need this game to
just anis the nice well take a nice
little scream up all right squeeze man
we'll take a Griezmann get nice to me
really I can do that anyone know
Bundesliga Premier League little
spurning don't hate me for that no I
don't want Silver's come on I started so
well Messi in agrees Minh and now I'm
getting his bollocks keep forgetting
while stop doing dross and then this
happens and I remember why come on okay
Carla how is what we get here is near
money a cop-out get it you know a screw
we're gonna end up with the BPO on we're
gonna end up with a BPO defense watch
give me or any ball there we go we did
it I'm not trying to end up with it I
just know that it's going to happen by E
is just the best
come on lap back is this this disco be
Salvy Morrible like a bitch screw it's
taken you will just take you but I don't
know why I don't really want to right
now I haven't played FIFA in quite a
while come on what am I gonna do with
this we'll take a whole of us just as we
don't have a left back right now but we
need a cam signal Ilana and okay now I
need a Viking and a world right now we
might be saved and ag√ºero right now
apply it okay are we getting love wings
and left mids and everything I don't
want them we'll take them just cuz you
know we might bring them one later on
another left miracle neither Lynn
there's no point taking my sweetie he's
good but there's no points cruel take
Schneider Lynn what I do here guys what
do I do oh wait sup a letter one front I
know he's in the right league and I know
he got montoya earlier yeah I could take
us up a letter knee links with Messi at
this good that could work that could
really work Philippe Louise is the like
he's amazing and soaz voice but am I
gonna use them no I'm not a DAB a letter
your inmate now we just need that camp
we just need cam in the right sleeve I
need a striker seriously a striker right
now and I'd be at least okay okay oh
whoa Iniesta could replace him but then
I would have a striker
whereas I could place Suarez up front
and play sidle in and play that CDF you
know what
after suarez your team is gonna be a
little bit fucked anyway oh oh I love
Neymar but big old Ron is just better
isn't he I may be a little bit saved
with the last manager boom we got a
hundred chem and I know what you're
thinking where is Ronaldo yeah well
guess what we're gonna be one of those
guys that just brings her in out of home
I even breathing up I up we're gonna
continue you never know but just bring
her an outer one as a cam sorry Ilana I
don't want to do these all right game
number one and for the first punish okay
yeah Wow the name of the messy the
Sanchez the legends of Oh might as well
start getting this ready you know what I
actually don't my mom might so uh so
that's actually like the nicest one I
have all my aim make him quit and I
don't have to do any I mean unless he
concedes scores first you know but you
know what I mean oh here we go here we
go claiming aah
what the what are you do is that even
who was that tell me who your player is
because he is a god this is what we want
this is why we want sterling why haven't
I brought one out of one and by post
boom
winning today we realize come on
get another go and he might quit I need
to get like what three goals and he'll
quit ringing another one with 12 minutes
in with one nil up lalana you dumb well
run sterling this is where we're gonna
get all our goals I can feel it sterling
look in look at him look at look at it
no I don't I didn't want to put all my
eggs in one basket you wanna knock me
Jonah not drawn it up I chased the mama
on my lips there oh no where's my
defense stop Jacob ran us a goal it kept
changing player and I was just trying to
just get the nearest guy to him it just
didn't want to work run run Chris
Smalling against Ronaldo what's gonna
happen here I wonder why not bust that
go on grease man Wow is that ball this
isn't even ball - you're Michael and
there's the ball there's the ball bang
bang bang it's wrong big old wrong I
told you that's - one more go it never
mind that's it whoa no punishment for
Game one imagine about
when this whole thing that I concealing
that would like you guys hate oh one
down I hope three more to go
he's wearing the ei Christmas kit so you
know he at least plays this game a
little bit and he's as the Rays go bro
he's got a guerra and he's got the reefs
that is the team focus I'm just focused
okay really hard to focus when you got
this and you'll it doesn't even look
that bad on there alright here we go
just defense is the main key here
defense is key to not doing punishments
there we go go on go go go oh look look
I used to just smashed it gone when that
when that window Oh God
okay he's one of these guys let's go for
the one twos and it's kind of worked a
little bit tackled nice tackle him again
nice oh this is a risky business
bang I pop no no no no not like that
if I'm gonna consider go it there be a
good goal oh I may have to bring ran out
of money before the 12th minute it may
have to be even sooner than the 12th
minute because he's just brought he just
blocks everything yeah I know you're
gonna and you're gonna pass it one more
and then you pass it down one yeah and
then you gonna turn in yeah brilliant
that's just fantastic flame eight out
how are you doing this yo lalana go on
son come on son turn 10 yeah and I turn
back to much what what for how is that
please thank you yes lalana yeah yeah go
on lamb in there not okay you know what
Lana mate sorry you're coming off I
waited into the 17th minute this time
you're not getting a full game all right
come on run run run run run gone gone
pace it pace it pace pace it where is
your pace who them well whoa why if I
passed it across this is how we do it's
how we do Reynaldo just Vanessa sit or
honestly thought that was in this is
what we do this is how we do did it do
this is how we do
don't know what something that is but is
catchy boom
notice Suarez what's that swans in
inform Suarez and he's not winning a
header against the short guy oh my days
all my day so no okay you know what I'm
a man I'll take that I will take that
gladly he's taken it was good again good
he's dabbed on me I don't want to do any
more punishments I like my mouth that
ain't good oh yeah that was not good in
any way come on not what the hell were
you doing tough time and we're losing
one nil I don't I really don't want to
just lose one nil and it look at that
that was as far as you get to him get to
him I swear I swear
please please no big Chuck come on
thank you that's mine he was going for
the pen he was going he was going for a
pen and some hours yeah good save make a
bitch oh my god for Nandhini oh you
shouldn't even be on the pitch you
always set gets it off does it go he
stabbed me again oh definitely not even
on still does lemon juice go out a date
because if it does this is definitely
out of date can you I don't know if you
guys can even see that if you can it's
also colored dirty because of the
frickin Marmite let's go please get that
please okay nice nice bang it think such
pen Reb how will I ended up on the floor
that doesn't make any sense
oh my god Raheem Sterling Reeves darling
there's one we're back in this oh why
why am I even trying why don't I just
just defend last to sit back and defend
yeah here I come again oh my god and I'm
gonna fuck it up I know you I'm fucked
up red that's a pen that's a pen thank
you wow we back giving me the arrow
please please oh top I saved it
just finish it please please come on oh
yeah now he's gonna get out of barony
now he's out he's out go go go go go why
did you stop you stop taking time oh my
god oh my god
chuckle like a please please yeah what
are you what's going on he's gonna have
to pass it through but the question is
can he score from there we caught oh no
don't
he doesn't deserve another goal he
doesn't deserve another god that's why
kill us why you're not giving him
another golden loss you know what I like
I don't deserve to just be let off
scot-free that was awful I'm just trying
to figure out what I can do well you
know the first thing we're gonna do is
we're gonna freakin get out of this
draft and see what packs we'd get oh
yeah we get gold
oh my god I don't even want to look at
these they're gonna be horrible yeah
brilliant
nothing Premium Gold pack yeah that
means we can get oh wow yeah oh my this
is going to horribly last mate silver
players pack yep that's great good bomb
you know I'm gonna do and I will top it
off with some lemon juice just to make
it so I can't taste anything and you
know get some all my in there just for
the texture oh my god I've really hope
that this moss the taste of the Tabasco
and the others that was genuinely like
taking a shit
then instead of you know like following
a tequila shot with a lime we're just
gonna have some bean boozled as well so
here we go oh sorry I'm sorry for losing
guys also you can check out
t-shirts Network
thanks yeah here we go
whatever the horrible thing was it was
really horrible I think it was a mixture
of Tabasco and vinegar I'm done I'm done
for today hangups watching keep let me
know what let me know some other draft
ideas you want me to do house it for
today
you
