Happy New Year guys and welcome back to
another hunting we will go I'm finally
actually recording this in at the right
time basically the New Year's happened
I'm recording this a play Josh I've
recorded like another three episodes
since then coming back to this by the
way the top comment was a bit a little
bit weird by Valencia or Carl Walker
okay that's fine because you're current
right back yan max that doesn't look
like yanma that looks like Glen Johnson
and it says because he is non rare but I
do have Coleman who is red I'm kind of
confused by this if I'm honest I'm gonna
ignore that and I'm gonna go to the
second top comment that I could see you
guys linked me anyway every time Danny
Drinkwater scores I have to donate 50
pounds to a charity that helps clean
water or get clean water in Africa so
what I'm gonna say is from this moment
on you guys need to count how many times
he scores actually okay I can tell you
this right now goal scored - we will
come back to this at the end of this
season and that will tell us how many
how much we have to donate but with that
said this is our team we sold Tomlin we
saw him in there's just this little
bastard that needs to go 16 and a half
thousand coins the next player that you
guys tell me to buy I have to buy
because we need a new player you know
what guys are gonna start this there's
something a little bit different we're
gonna be doing one of the squad building
challenges okay the Premier League
guarantee because our team is pretty
much Premier League we may be a League
of Santander afterwards but we'll see
the Premier League guarantee a girl just
you know what this is this won't be very
interesting I'll just no click my
fingers and it will be done so there's
our team that submit that and we get the
pipe this this could be a game changing
me it's not going to be a thing
depending on the packs is if we do the
League of Santander one but this 3e PL
player is guaranteed a mix of 12 items
10 gold
that's an awful pack screw it there we
go we're starting with a pack we don't
normally start about Blues Akaka don't
really want Empire
we got a right back we are only one
point away from the title which means
we're already guaranteed two packs for
the leak and then another pack if we get
the title I think it is so all we need
is a draw and we get three packs after
this game all right here we go just give
me an easy game easy goals it's a good
team okay here we go my hope when
playing on the weekend right so
obviously it's not the weekend right now
but my hope we're playing on the weekend
when I'm actually playing this is
everyone that's good is playing the
weekend Lee oh ho ho hunters through and
is there gonna be a sum of the half day
but it's not know heard a ball in boom
okay wait this is where we score ready
for this was this look Oh
oh ho SP passes it in passes it in turn
gets tackles then oh yeah
quick jump cut to a goal sugar that no
not not his I don't mean jump cut to his
go I mean always damn Tommy this little
big shits about to get lit I can call
this the thousand degree FIFA challenge
I'm wrong I don't know yo where the hell
is my team what the where is where is my
what is going on oh really sure what's
happening right now okay
it's official whoever gets the next goal
will win all right that's that's how
this is gonna work and hunter there we
go I'm getting the next goal I'm winning
hoho Rushford altered it and why wasn't
that a first time shot you know what
comes up finesse that excuse me go go go
play hunter through hunts up pups the
ref rat thank you all right it works
okay great let's try a little new tactic
let's try and let one of these bad boys
oh yeah
why mm-hmm you're gonna tell me that's
deserved yeah mmm Danny drink water
please him through rush food is there he
turns back
it was so obvious it was too obvious oh
but he still got it he put passes it he
turns boys on the right way
boom no was that Daddy as well this guy
hates charity it's it's that's a fact he
would have let me score if he didn't how
does he get all these players through
yet we all know you what no I read I
read I actually read that as well
actually I actually read that he would
go in there now ultra attacking is all
right please please please go John let
it off and boom Danny drink water
charity all I needed was a freaking draw
this game and have no wait wait
Bojan boom okay get the ball that's okay
we got ten minutes left
he is definitely gonna play pouring now
isn't it yeah yeah go on pass around the
back mate I know you're gonna turn back
please make a circle no I know it he's
going up there and he's gonna copy goo
goo goo goo goo goo goo goo girl we have
like what two minutes left anyway turn
in nice nice play min and hits it you're
so slow my date
play the music I like to stop before
copyright kicks in you know what's weird
is I have a chance in the last second
now kind of fluffing it about right now
but I I could potentially win this no oh
Rashad why did I love that
why have I just loved in the phone I
mean it doesn't make a difference really
does it no notice good by the way that
person that scored the goal was none
other than Danny drink water fifty
pounds into the bank churching nine
thousand coins
we're in Division three baby and you
know what time it is five packs three
for promotion while two for promotion
one for the title one for the hunter go
on to to the other goals Alexa play
Alexa stop they'll only come back on if
we get a good player hack numero dos I
really should have opened the 15k packs
instead but it's not fair that's not
what I get Cole man I will sell him
because he doesn't fit into a team pack
the reed come on has to give me a hazard
that would be imagine that is Sacko a
solid solid center back I couldn't link
with Matias high for this is a lot of
packs but I just don't feel like rich
Tyner I just don't feel that you get
anything that good in saco is a solid
pull so his lips liner 83 I just don't
use him you know I might sell him
straightaway final pack of this packs
free and it was always coming on it we
we we're gonna get an on rare at some
point so this is the team we're gonna be
using for the next one I am almost
tempted to change you for a game yeah
we'll get rid of Moosa oh well we're
going into Division three now this is
the untouched territory Division three
and he has no team all right
how we gonna do with this Spanish team
this espanol is what I call it that's
what that's always spaniards say espanol
oh don't tell me we've got another game
chat we have another game chat lads and
I doubt my headphones in you know what
headphones are going in I don't even
know why I'm wearing these musics over
there now all right what are you saying
go on why are you not talking anymore
why are you not talking where are your
words use you
why is he stop talking now this is
really annoying me that he's not talking
you oh no classical
it's really annoying me that he's not
talking cuz I plugged in my headset just
for this and no no no no no way I
actually really need to win this don't I
I really need to win good tackle
it's fallen regimen and that's even
worse what how that bouncers know what
screw you if you're not going to talk to
me I'm taking these out right we need
some movement we need some movement now
go play you know what Henderson
Henderson could do things although look
I did not pay attention that he has but
learning God why does I won't have to
ruin everything with Butland oh dear oh
oh dear oh dear oh dear
it's making me sound like the Chuckle
brothers come on get rid of this get rid
of that keep ours go go go go where you
gonna go where you're gonna go when they
come for you but go oh here we go here
we go hunter please please boom Thank
You Wanda and there were seven and a
half K pack as well I keep the game
Division three man it's tough it's tough
out there it's a tough world okay hunter
hunter you need to be smart with this
you need to be that was very smart very
very sweet
that wasn't so smart there's a lag there
this lag no this is unfair why is only
in his area ready go
but it what's the like what's the
lagging shoot what's the Lycans you that
what you saw that like right okay half
time one oh I mean we're not losing I am
actually getting a little bit dominated
to the stats are in his favor but stats
be nothing when you're playing like this
when you're playing like Barcelona when
you're playing like Jordan Henderson is
your best player hold up hold up okay
okay
1v1 me 1v1 me visit 1v1 me I always done
missed it did me well where is my team
why is it look look at this look he's
gonna cut in he's gonna he's not cutting
in he's not oh my
I don't get it wait how does it man
perfectly on his head please please
Bruno Bruno take touch pause it and you
know what static is all up there we go
we're back in already
oh my days calm down with your pressure
mate just just trying to have a good
time here all my days please
oh that's back and back again and then
touch inside and finis ref something any
time please nice wasn't in Wow ref can I
have muffin thank you and that's that
that's got to be a yellow at least I
mean we have Santi Cazorla who is solid
at frequence get free kick since game I
am literally all over him right now but
I can't do much turning nice right turn
back nice Fleming go hunter hunter first
we're winning
yes and it's another hunter goal oh my
god oh my god hand o pendo hand over
hand o hand oh you goo goo goo goo goo
goo goo goo yes yes I killed it yo if
his if his gonna land straight on back
shoe he's knocking that counts that's a
good goal ain't it ball two girls behind
his last two packs two goals for Perez
in because all that's another pad no
it's this so we get we get three packs
I'm not gonna be doing the League of
Santander pack because we're not really
building one of those teams Felice so
I'm gonna just leave it at these three
packs now three packs to go what are we
gonna get we get a non red to get lost
pack numero dos filler a be good sell
and the final pack by the way guys I
don't have you notice for that we have
oh oh oh
really oh my god oh my god oh my god I
didn't know what I was I saw an in-form
then I saw striker and polish and I
thought Levin dusky no he's not even in
Team of the Week and Camaro what a pack
for this anyway for this series that's
mad
I'm happy with that let's say for today
guys twenty eight and a half thousand
coins we need to buy someone I don't
know who you want to buy but whatever is
the top comment let me know thank you
guys watching and peace
