yo guys what's going on and welcome to a
new series I have opened up ebooks
because a lot of you have asked me to
you can find out where to send stuff in
the description now unfortunately I
actually have already recorded about 15
minutes in this video and it just
restarted for some reasons I actually
have a few things have already opened
what the fuck just happened
well looks like we've got about a good
guy thank you very much Hugh for the
beanBoozled and party thing I'm gonna go
sort this out
everything is going wrong okay third
time's a charm
what the what was that Christian and
malicious of powers of this t-shirt
which I made a joke about changing into
is it was hilarious
but uh yeah y'all never see it Joe well
Joella I don't know how you see the name
but they even sent a load of things and
I yeah I make jokes about that
tell me I wish I had that footage you
know what that things everyone that I'm
okay this this was the one I was opening
I think when it crashed get very nervous
opening things like this you know this
could open this why why am i opening
this a specific way what is this there's
there's like bubble wrap there's like
foam there's loads of okay this is this
is making me nervous now side men
football songs I hope that bubble sauce
that I really hope they're not just
knee-high socks so wow my world look who
finally got beyond a box probably get a
shitload of letters I'm not a shitload
er this is more like a shit-ton so
everything in here is from Ellie we have
a sideman book now that this is this is
confused me here you do know I have
assignment oh okay look familiar I
thought you have a sign law reason even
never had a finds though okay I don't
know how you spell out that is really
good actually
I'm not saying send me books boy because
we have quite a lot of books but that's
quite a cool thing that I actually have
a fan sign one you know what I'm tempted
to take this two places whenever I do
like a meet-up Weber and get everyone to
sign this page and Ellie is the
originator also if you're wondering
about the Bears this one was from Abby
so thank you very much that was in the
previous bit I did make another joke
about it she said a really bad joke on
tail why don't bear like fast food
because they can't catch it you know I'm
not I'm not even happy
put of atoms in that we have a sidemen
mug this fire this is actually a lit my
animal even to tisha
Ali thank you very much I would change
into this as well but i bitchy just
change into this one oh he's like a more
branded putzie did I mention my snapchat
in this one basically I said guys
because I'm not gonna be able to open
all of this on camera I'm gonna snapchat
opening the rest of it as I will go
through everything is just where I need
to go to the gym to doughnut Abdullah
it's like all the footballing legends
like Ronaldo Edgar Davids are this is
gonna be bad for intensive francesco
totti dibala i didn't read that one it
doesn't say who it's from unless it is
from icon itself oh oh
just in that world just after Christmas
but that's my fault thanks Dan see why
on earth would I ever want this well
that's enough care sigh for a lifetime
okay just when I said that's enough cash
for a lifetime we get our the planet but
I know about you guys but I think I can
guess what this last one's gonna be yeah
yeah yeah we have another sidemen book
thanks Dan
we're opening this one actually shall we
open it now do you you don't want to see
what's inside this who's in the box
what's in the box what's in a fucking
box
okay just cuz you all so nicely I don't
know what this is this one is from Leo
so whatever it is thank you very much
Leo oh we have a photo glitter globe
that this is a snow globe let that's
that's all of us the sidemen and then
sign in there we got jokes and pranks oh
my god it has the classic chewing gum
and the plaque this is the best thing
about my home is the people that I share
it with that's a lie you know what let's
open this it caught my eye cause it's
very shiny like a crow it's a Christmas
card if only I opened this in time home
my god the strobe a glass that is
awesome and by the way I wasn't paying
this is Lucas aid from Kaitlyn Ferguson
get your ass to Scotland meet a tuckshop
retro sweet selection
that's where I put my phone I was the
torture good scream this is the last
package of the day guys and I'm kind of
know so I thought I thought it was a
poop it's an emoticon mode hi Simon love
your videos enjoy this little poom oh
well I'm gonna have to end it there for
today guys I'm obviously there was a
little caca of the start shall we say
but thank you for everyone who sent
stuff in as I said I will be going
through the letters on my snapchat
mini-vince a7 you can yet find it if you
want to it's up to you but that's all
for today thank you guys for watching
thank you everyone who sent stuff in I
love you all love love love love all
that was really weird
thank you for watching and not the end
of video just the end of this section
I literally just hide in my room as well
but if you ever said sweets don't grow
on trees
you were wrong can take the berry the
stuck in with chocolate there we go plus
we got this calling light over here what
else do we get what else do we care oh
we got we got Alexa Alexa play no no
wait I like that on it's late like I
what you know I wasn't listening to that
I was just you know saving this one and
I don't know why I'm heading into my
toilet right now but this this should
wait no no okay it just doesn't want to
work go to the toilet at night close the
door
I don't know it's dark or is it it's lit
I did also get this table by the way in
case you were wondering why that was
just that this turned into a really
really strange video guys and I don't I
kind of apologized but at the same time
it's kind of the full of this camera it
just died flashing and I made some
hilarious jokes the world will never
appreciate them they died so happy yeah
that's all for today actually I mean it
did get a few other things I finally got
a new phone so it doesn't sound like
mine my phone is you know dying every
time it doesn't sound like there's a bee
in my pocket that's pretty much it there
are obviously a few more things but
we'll leave it at that for today and you
know I'll show you guys another time but
that's all for today thank you guys for
sending stuffing main guys for watching
hope you guys had a good new year and
yeah here's to 2017 peace
you
