right 2016 it was a man year of my life
it squad to sum it all up in like a
three four minute video but I'm gonna
try and do that anywhere by choosing my
top ten moments of this year now I've
done a lot of stuff this year I don't
think I could top 2016 but 2017 has been
incredible as well I shouldn't you go at
the times that I've been drunk i play
fifa jays us i put a 19-foot christmas
tree in the hallway of our house
I slid down the shard I tried sushi for
the first time I played football against
BBK and I got a black card for KFC so
that's not even in the top ten moment
but I have to whittle it down to ten
moments or things that have been
incredible for me over the last year and
number ten is hunting we will guide in a
whole series and I think we didn't
manage to win oh my god we just this
game is we just lost three two
that's this game it is bollocks are you
serious
we needed one point and he scores the
most go I've ever seen in my
life to come back into it look at this
look at this bollocks we miss out by one
point I'm genuinely furious right now
this year I'm doing a road to glory road
to glory with Ruhollah gonna involve
real-life football I've done one episode
so far I'm gonna be doing more I will do
more okay I know it's been a while but
hunting we will go obviously a lot of
you guys watch it had like 700k views
every episode all the way to episode
like eighty-three number nine I'm gonna
go for staring at a wall this was April
Fool's I tweeted out saying like I'm
going to do a video for April Fool's
titled the video staring in a wall for
one hour and I did actually stare at war
for one hour everyone thought it was
fake everyone thought that I had looped
the video because a lot of other people
had done that I was only gonna do the
video for ten minutes I was gonna call
it staring at a wall for ten minutes but
then calex basically said yeah if you're
gonna do it do it properly so I ended up
staring at a wall for an hour the other
thing people thought is that I was
watching something on the wall like a
silent film Wyden used to date or
something I didn't I wish I had thought
that I'll make sure you stare at a wall
for an hour and I will never get that
hour back number eight I'm gonna go with
this
I have dyed my hair two or three times
this year I've dyed it red and I don't
know why I really did that did I dye my
hair
the first time I know I don't even know
why I did it this one fine yes
I'm not doing I'm not doing I'm not
Jesus before I start you look like a
lesbian yeah how that's that's I
see horrendous anyway the second time I
did it for the charity football match we
we'll get on to later I said if we
raised 5k I'd bleach it and diet silver
and I did that and now I look like an
instinct reject theirs oh my days I
blend in with the wall about to go super
saiyan this is mad I think I'm gonna go
back to silver as soon as this washes
out not washed out as soon as this grows
out bleep silver done I'll let you guys
choose actually on Twitter at some point
I will do this for charity and it will
change and you'll be all down to you
guys nothing look entirely down to you
because I don't want to end up with that
pink hair none of the seven is traveling
and that I know that's a very broad term
and it kind of fits into some of the
later ones too but mainly the amount of
times that I've been able to go to
places like LA I think I managed to go
two or three times I managed to get to
Boston I managed to get to a bead a be
like all these places and obviously
that's thanks to you guys don't worry
you'll in the cab down soon the
highlights are probably the a leg trip
where I went down to sneak corn and I
saw the phase guys and Chris London and
then I stayed with like chief and all
that long and also a mentor we went to
the two Champions League semi-finals in
two days which is so near so sick
I mean I've always said that I hate
traveling because before we go traveling
we have to prepare videos to go away but
as soon as I'm there especially over the
last year realize like it's we're lucky
to be able to do it so I prefer doing it
now where yeah before I was kind of like
a bit naive about traveling so I didn't
really like it so yeah 2018 I'm hoping
to go a lot of places so if you don't
live in the UK I'll hopefully be
somewhere near you soon comes the idea
face number six spawn that's what jords
called my car the new car the Tesla I
know it's a material object it shouldn't
be this high but yeah the Tesla is
honestly I get in the car and I smile
sorry mint immobilo
I'm excited my hands were shaking the
drivers what's the first immunity no I
was gonna say have sex in the car I
don't really know what else to say I
mean you can see in the video that I am
genuinely excited to get it and that you
know that's why it's number six number
five is a little bit it's bit weird one
because I can't really tell you much
about it and I also would put it higher
if I could tell you more recently I've
got a couple videos like Seidman and
I've ether the side and the haunted
house basically it's a secret project
but I can't tell you about I will be
able to at some point don't worry it's
not gonna be a secret ever be able to do
that with the other six guys is so fun
and it's starting to sound a little bit
dodgy now cause I can't tell you what it
is but okay you know what I'm gonna just
move on silent now because I'm in walks
out other stuff those those things
that's all I can say
number four is part of the traveling
from earlier but I went to Abu Dhabi and
I hit de Bruyne in the face
honestly deploying I watch him play and
I'm like this guy is one of the best
players in the world so good and all I'm
saying is he got a little bit better as
soon as he got formal in this face just
saying then man city honest Lee they
posted their video things like sports
Bible all of those things start posting
you know mini min to actually youtuber
hits de Bruyne in the face but it got
spread around and it was incredible that
something like an STD what STD is
incredible it seemed de Bruyne in the
face obviously I got to go with Chris MD
as well we also got to hang out with San
a sterling I say hang out with you know
we've got like four minutes Caballero
and that was it it was those before yeah
that was it but yet sick his play so
good the hotel incredible the football
pitch was even though it was a small
pitch it was sick chill Chris as I said
not sure I liked it but you know what I
mean it was a great holiday great video
number three is the fan event so we did
Brighton we did Cardiff I flogged both
of them then we did out load we ran in
this event called upload that tobacco
dot awesome it went really really well
we've got a lot of you and obviously the
sounds I can put you guys third but in
reality it's because we didn't do that
many and also in Brighton I got slapped
so I do want to put this at the top but
upload in the fan events I'm gonna put
on number three just cuz we didn't do
that many and we had done them the year
before whereas you know the next ones we
may not have okay number two we have
done before the charity match we moved
to Charleston this year last year was at
Southampton this probably would have
been number one if we had one I'm not
gonna lie to you guys we managed to sell
out the whole of Charleston which is
their biggest attendance like 2006
incredible scenes it was yeah it's
that's like my dream of sleep being
professional football is my dream so
being able to go out and play football
in front of that many people is
dream unfortunately the result wasn't so
good I mean we won the first 172 they
want to know it's kind of fair wait I
mean if we had won again like 72 ever it
would have been a bit disheartening for
them and a bad look on us really so I'm
happy I'm not happy I didn't want to
lose
I would mean I'd be celebrating a lot
more with one and it would have been
number one in this but I'm gonna make
excuses where I can so I'm happy for
them saying that as well
I'm also happy because Castro came over
I'd met Castro before but he flew all
the way from America to play in this
match and he managed to get the first
goal which was really really good at us
but this cross Jaime maybe should have
gone towards him but Josh gets caught
slacking Castle have me the drink
hazards of the usual stars that goal was
very nice maybe they're a bit quicker
you could have you know come out to that
but look this is a great header look
just gets caught napping and boom great
header
great header so happy he managed to come
all the way where's Chris you know Chris
flew from Jersey so man he got
last minute goal screwing Chris MD the
last person I would ever want
he's got three of them around him at
this point at this point I am standing
in our way loads I'm not even sad I'm
literally just they're applauding like
Chris Andy Fairplay he deserves to go we
didn't get one last year being a charity
football match raises loads of money for
charity and you guys got to see it and
did incredible on the livestream as well
so number two the charlton charity
sidemen football match sick day which
leaves us at number one and was the only
thing I haven't mentioned that I've done
there's also a few things but the
biggest thing probably of the year in
our little world not you know not on the
whole in youtube there's no reporters
the st. Matthews on the day vlog the
sidemen
districts only thing you had on me was
like what's nine seconds for wait a
second did you mention
ten bars later there was a girl you bind
off to tow be back with you our lesson
is that I never go to treat your pets
promising fans but if they don't bang
them to send them away all sad this is
like now on to another your best friend
is probably your mother Cindy dad's dick
you make me feel sick and you shall
watch your brother Mazda quick rundown
JG left aside man Ethan disc JJJ - dis
teefin hairy dis JJ JJ dis both of them
and how you replied Ethan replied JD
replied to Harry and Joe well are for
some reason dead you just the whole of
the side men and target it kind of more
of me so I just hit back he dissed me
kit then JJ and skydoesminecraft had
some weird little beef as well that diss
track it went now so worried it's now my
second most viewed video some 32 million
views as of recording this I don't think
I don't go up by the time this goes out
come on who I linked in the description
of that video recorded it and edited it
overnight it just allowed so much
creativity like it was kind of like an
old-school Q&A in terms of like it was
just so different to what I'd normally
do I used to do that FIFA then I threw
in a QA and it was created and then I
threw it like a rap over the top and you
know it was just it was just different
than my normal video and it went down
really well what everyone said I on
veggies so that just kind of you know
that kind of helped me a boost my ego a
bit thank you I think for everyone in
the sidemen that little period was
incredible because I mean you guys saw
we reacted to a lot as well and did
another video it's like genius and stuff
all those videos I enjoy I watched all
of them I liked all of them and that
little period on YouTube for me was my
favorite bit of the year so that is what
I'm gonna give the number one spot of my
top ten moments of the year our closer
is beside an in-district period as
number one but my favorite was my
district I'm just say I'm just saying
but I say for the top ten moments of
2017 obviously 2018 is tomorrow I'm
hoping that I can do way more next year
than this year I've got a few things
planned and as the great Logan pool once
said I am just getting started so 2018
less freaking girl that was cheesy and I
like this you know what let's just cut
to an outro have a good New Year please
as far as I know
get back into my eye
