your guys's up and I hope you all had a
great Christmas I hope it was good
looking forward to the new year right
now we are focused on one man yes boy
yeah yeah Simon yeah Alex hunter now as
I said before in the last couple
episodes this episode has been
pre-recorded so there won't actually be
a top comment on who to buy I mean there
still is a top comment but the top
comment at the time was listen to price
come dis track that I say rice come I
don't mean I mean it don't don't diss me
we are in division for two more wins and
a draw our four games and we are into
Division three we're sticking with a
Spanish team although actually now that
we have him we know we're gonna do the
cheeky little sup bring your ass into
Stegen there we go now he links with
bugs I I think we're ready to go oh
Lennie Guyana leads kit oh this is the
grudge match what's not it's actually I
kind of respect him a lot more now his
team is not lead so I've lost a lot of
respect for you I don't pretend to plan
leagues get my teammate leads
oh no Renato Sanches alright let's go
let's do this all my days Luca sister
who lives to sue bang go done one nail
we're already winning it's a nice little
5k packing the bag in five minutes I
just realized this guy's team as well
how am i beating him Oh Oh magic who
would have thought message would be the
guy that's it I gave yep that's us wide
and really once in there oh hello gumbo
corner okay it looks nice the other down
a lead skit you know I like that you
know it could happen next year we get
promoted you know we win the league just
uh not next year but we get promoted and
then you know when the Champions League
the year after and then boom about our
being about a boom el Lucas I keep
saying Lucas because it above his head
look for the runs look for the runs go
on there's one there's a nice little run
foshan with the horrible horrible touch
absolutely dreadful why you not Santi
Cazorla Oh Danny you know what it's
Danny doing wanna drink some water
you know what I don't think I'm ever
gonna drink water again oh oh oh oh as
if Robin has a right foot like that come
on okay Bo Shan bun him why what came
out of my mouth Bojan has now been
called bun-chan sure Oh Lucas Perez and
I just knew that wasn't going in it was
it was too easy the first Makeda swim
was too easy
this is Division four I mean I know I
should be winning by more but how am i
winning one nil why can't I score go on
let's just let's have a little let's
have a little run gone want to want to
wants it gone there you go again and you
know what we go again we go again we go
again ref he's tricked me all Bojan no
don't concede from a corner that is my
one rule in life everyone knows that
everyone knows that is the one rule
Barney Stinson one rule all boom
where's that with it okay come back nice
nice nice go hunter there's no chance of
my team winning this header oh no we
could have won that head up nice nice
nice nice and boom Danny he's never
gonna score you know what he is he's
that he's Pooh he's poop I was I move my
camera for like a very very small reason
just to show poop oh oh oh oh there's
the ball out wide Bruno with his left
foot he has a sick left but you know
what what what what what was Julia Alba
doing Glenn for some reason Glenn
Johnson sir okay this works it's kind of
worked and then we dig it - Glenn Glenn
why are you trying and testing that ha
ha ha ha
bun-chan boom-boom Jan bozo I'm done I'm
not speaking English anymore but that's
to one and as I said in the heart get
back are you mad that old guy was mad
he's just here for a nice little you
know Sunday watching a football and
there I am to just spoil his fun with a
late goal
that look at the pressure look at the
pressure look at the pressure this isn't
good don't give a pen
Lukas ref um you know what bun-chan I
wonder my free-kick get off get that
should be the game lads when the hell
did that happen
how am I not paying attention check this
after every game that's another seven uh
no off que Pacho to seven-and-a-half
k-pax Marco who writes what you're going
to get me for new year you get to me I
should I'll probably another except for
new year we get bands ooh kitsch
apparently he's my dad and he'll look a
little bit like I don't see it you I
don't know one know what your time don't
need a gun to get respect or punishment
no that makes oh please please man I've
got Jordi Alba as a walk out oh go for a
second in my bin beds amongst French I
mean it's still solid we are still
building that team I guess but one point
is all we need to look at this one more
point and we are promoted three more
points in this game and then we walk
point away from the title carry it's
just a little quick Chris you know
because now we're back to the English
team or the English league team it is
pretty much in big ball of English tea
called Arsenal FC he's got an arsenal
please go on Arsenal match you know that
he is no fun at hi mudsy yeah we saw a
legend Sanja brewing this would be a fun
game as I said he's gonna be no fun left
Gabri let's get give me give me the ball
give me the ball
me the ball bro look he's actually good
she is actually he's not good he'd
missed the target muscle target yeah
makes sense makes sense to Brian like
open doors
like I'd become sauce du Tertre let me
at least a go with hunter like just out
of kindness
hello Santi that's not a foul is it no
no didn't think so
boom boom boom there's the goal I needed
classic kendos hello ello ello Alex
hunter boom back to war I wonder if
they've gone in if I put it near post
Rushford pasa back into the area bangs
one Carrick when is Michael Carrick ever
taking a shots games not realistic oh oh
we've seen a chance take touch bang go
time done that was right on the drop in
my earphones I don't know what it'll be
like after you guys must think I take
something before these episodes because
I'm weird all Santi turns out lazy min
Rushford to make it three boom three one
I am playing games now bro Jordan
Henderson plays it down takes a touch
hunter out wide turns in Glen Johnson
takes it back out wide and then passes
within - oh we're doing well we're
winning 3-1 and I mean his shots the
shots entirely it's a school I don't
know how many assist hunters got whether
he's got one or two nice hunter oh go on
you know I don't know why I passed that
I should have taken it as sure that I
mean I should have taken the hunter
short I felt like it was a more
guaranteed doll and I know he's already
lined assist so I thought so I thought
bitch so I thought what a
thought that's the next was two backs I
think I said question is how many are we
getting we got four goals that's to
seven-and-a-half k-pax assists
- that's another back so we get to seven
half another seven and a half and then
to seven and a half that's that's what
that's as max I can't even do that's
five seven and a half k-pax and look at
that look at a beautiful look at the
beautiful I'm what I meant to say was
look how beautiful that is we need one
point in our last two games next
episodes
we're already guaranteed promotion so we
know we're getting at least like one or
two packs and then we get another
package we get time as for now we get
five of these and I'm tempted to say
that we trade some of them in and get
these ones instead you know what we're
gonna do we're gonna open two of these
and once
and a half gate ISO will open the seven
and a half K pack bus because this is
the worst one out of the three
apparently is what I've heard yeah
diabetes now we get two of these jumbo
premium gold packs but this is obviously
before Christmas I recorded this these
probably aren't out anymore why am I
getting a mass for mushroom I don't like
mushrooms you know what I'm actually I'm
gonna surprise you guys in a second
final talk for the day we get motorcylce
I mean he fits the team but I just don't
know if I want a 27-piece layer in my
team here's my secret boys we're doing
a squad builded challenge just to get
that extra little pack you know I don't
know if I've caught like enough
chemistry with these players I think I
usually built this pretty well you know
I'd literally chose just the worst
players
I've almost got an entire squad I'm
literally one defender off if I had left
back it would be perfect I don't have
enough chemistry can we fix this there
we go that's the team we're trading in
I'm sorry if you like any of those
players or whatever we get a two player
gold up got up a two player rare gold
players pack you guys want me to do more
of them let me know cuz I've got quite a
lot of players just sitting there not
doing anything please I mean we knew it
as a rare we get debris now I feel about
that that's all for today let me know on
this video now what you want me to do in
terms of buying a player we have
fourteen thousand coins potentially
gonna get another like six thousand next
episode when we win the league when we
win the league that's all for today
thank you guys watching and peace
you
