yo girls going on and welcome to
something a little bit different I hope
you guys had a good Christmas is Boxing
Day today and I'm joined by two very
special guests we have maverick know
that was with me
my brother grilled up we're gonna take
it in turns to throw some leftover
snowballs from Christmas so behind us
are nine cans with nine punishments what
two of them actually good so you might
get lucky and get those right so I'm
gonna fold up the punishment randomly
and then Wolfie is going to stick them
for the bottom of these and I'm not
going to know which ones which so it's
completely random that's probably the
worst one be in the raw egg okay so
those are all done they're going to
sellotape them to the bottom of these
randomly so I don't know okay alright I
want to know what what sort of forfeits
have you put but you don't tell me
they're that bad boy your tone of voice
does not over your confidence that's
going to be a good one number five I'm
saying that right number one for number
four hey look I'm a poet and even though
boom all done
yes alright so there is no way that any
of us can know which is which so who
wants to go first chakra you are you get
shot then you your net burst all right
ah please be a good one we go in for
middle yeah that was a good start right
okay okay what's clear which one it is
right let's have a look number ways that
it doesn't even matter but number five
you said that's a good one
let's find out what it is so please not
egg are you what wait what get punch how
do you mean get punched what look who's
punching cuz I don't want to do it too
soft and have everyone got it oh I
didn't really punch him Dona did it too
hard knock him out I walk for safety
reasons we've given him a helmet maybe
prepare
I feel really bad bro I'm sorry you
ready yeah
oh I mean where am I I took some off all
right
yo I decided to me that done it me in
the face
this is the moneymaker I think anyone
else notice he shouting
cuz he's like Oh already for this my ear
again is ringing what I go for it yeah -
right so I've got not well over ten we
didn't see that it's the way days it's
very it's very weird all right
is that one nine or six - six six is a
sick please don't be roaring I can see
one word and I don't open it yes I see
one word what we back in PE where you
chase it that was just me write it out
wit you know cuz boxers have towels and
stuff so remember how hard you hit me
when you punch me I didn't I barely
touched oh oh oh that's star those
things
tear out show the tears now I'm not
there on their tears I'm a big motive no
if there's no there's no tears here bro
then it's not you sure
how do you feel I feel good my stare
ringing man that was on the crease me oh
why am I looking at you bum sweats good
when we go I'm gonna be bigger they're
not a gay couple of those should
everyone know what you'll get something
good I know
don't you guys know she's himself okay
why all three yeah number three well
what do you think that that's well I
think that concern we've only mentioned
one punishment so far that run is cause
my you know how like you know I've done
this once before and I threw up straight
like literally goes to here just look
straight back out obviously horses you
know so I don't know if they actually do
this thing they do they really yeah I
don't know why he's a bit of a myth this
is definitely a way to get disease I'm
not even good at this that's just enough
I'll call you I'll call you're lying
but you really no come on Oh God let's
go let's do this you ready breathe no
you got it you guys good it's good it's
good
keep you safe keep it oh no no no no no
no no no that makes me folks up yeah
Rocky
yeah
I don't want them good one so I'm going
there okay some of there's only two good
ones remember is number nine oh yeah I
think it's nine a nice is it throw in
the towel this is what does that mean
yeah prepass free pass
that's a pretty pass I'm hundred I'm
keeping this in my pocket right now like
the way out now so have yeah I'm
changing I'm changing my foot
hi in real I am going home for Christmas
Ramy new year what I'm really not film
before Christmas
hate to break the not sorry okay okay
take it thank you
ah falls normally my lucky number
not today box on head I think that's a
good thing for the viewers I don't know
there's only one more good one just to
let you know that's we look so stupid oh
he's got a box where they actually can't
see a cup this is what you're looking
hey guy can we can we just that such m2g
oh hey lean head nozzle oh shit okay
you're my spell that's the problem with
not I mean it's not it's not like a
physically bad one but you guys gets
true from my account oh that's an easier
time control of my Twitter for one tweet
thinks I'm gonna do just a one toy as
the comments section the other day on
your video turns Sherlock Holmes because
of a girl gotta be girl fear God alright
so you guys got something we've cooked
us aren't quite good of are you sure
yeah everyone keeps going on about a
girl in my video why does it matter that
have a girlfriend here you guys are evil
tweet what is it it's like 21st right
now this is going out a boxing day so
I've got five days without saying that
this is a prank of for not prank but a
video see it proudly boy no oh she
exactly bitch yeah why am i bit come on
she knows you're my bitch in before
fandom collapses I've got one in third
chance against I'm good right yeah go
middle high remember I've got my friar
in the towel so I can use that right
watch this
oh my god you have we said I think I
wanna have to use my phone
the child goes ice bucket challenge as
long as the guy with a box on his head
that is love what your zoo I can see
using it I definitely think I'm going to
have to find this because I don't have a
phone so it doesn't have to do the ice
bucket challenge balls mine Croft now
how confident you feeling so if you get
the good one that serious question 50%
left okay right oh yeah seven I feel
like I've got cinnamon challenge I
really do Oh No
right I'll redo I grow I saw read yours
I say so enjoy that all you got I've got
gum shield
I got choose the next can so I'm good
yeah I'm out number seven is his lucky
number
he's lucky to escape once again I know
it's not intended for it but putting in
a gum shield is no easy thing I mean
it's only cinnamon how hard can it be
right sorry
as soon as it costs it's over I can't
wait Marshall Corp oh I just want to say
this look that you've got the gun
shooting balls
I'm very thick I know you really did
think all the best minecraft
is in the world they actually bagged it
mate you don't sit like off the spring
tell you what we want at you on Toronto
yeah no this is a struggle now he's
struggling
these are there we go there's a cop
doesn't gone what what is that what is
that he's just probably thick I took
some shit ah
I'm a broken man fuck up - okay
we got a knock out that's actually the
most disgusting thing I've ever been
demoted really I said that I live for
this Boxing Day challenge we have also
done a video over on their channels to
make sure you check it out in the
description these kind of dying there
make sure you subscribe to them as well
maverick wall same guys for Ben good
sport that's over the day they got to
watching make sure you subscribe and
please
