yo guys what's going on and welcome to
the Christmas home football edition yeah
that doesn't really make much sense that
wasn't planned even nice jumper by the
way I like yours better
okay what you really honest up all right
that's good
what dog oh wow this is the bit where he
shows you what just happened ah fuck
sake you're gonna keep this in as well
but it's us time to eat so you know how
this works basically I've done this
before with Manny and it was normal
challenges of the Christmas edition
there are three different challenges is
going to be penalties key P ups and
passing and yeah what Toby along to you
know show me the true spirit of
Christmas through football do you ready
for challenge one hi yes
challenge 1 so challenge number one is
keeping us with our present so it's
obviously you know get a little
difficult I wrap this myself but I I'm
an engine you know we can do very well
at this high so we used to get three
attempts to do as many keep the ups as
we can whoever does the most in one of
those singular attempts is the winner of
challenge one only at first the second G
check one two check
what cheek check what nearly impossible
so much don't know never your first eye
three attempts three attempts three two
one yeah one wait I brought you a new
ankle for Christmas thank you buddy
one two three four five six
I gave you the chest this can just get
cereal this isn't as easy as it looks
you know No
let's go let's go 1 2 3 4 5 8 was a 7 I
feel like you get 2 chests the corners
kind of hit you like - my turn - good
day
ok native October doesn't knows I've
been practicing with square balls but
it's wrong in every way I don't give him
any other you ripped it slightly
I just want wait till Christmas I just
have to see when it's over sleepy and
then you told me it was a new angle 1 2
3 so much better me 6 you ready you
ready equalled my second-best record I'm
getting them getting a big record around
the world
ok 3 2 1 go one two three oh five six
okay yeah I might go for the knees you
know yeah get rid of these two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven was he around the world burn yeah
clean no challenge do
okay so challenge two is going to be a
passing one we're gonna have to chip
these into there okay so we're gonna
have 10 goes leap from back there most
wins his right leg as Christmas and as
Linda been skipping I come visit in
between the holiday ten shots when he
gets the second round - that's a good
start
accurate accurate so that's what this
one I get the height and then I'll mix
the two going mmm okay you're almost a
height maybe bit high I'm the stupid I
would turn that the other way around
that string will get caught on your toe
now that's a tactic okay okay you're
running out of attempts time but now I
think we've got seven left
come on hit me harder than I thought
okay get some directions get some
direction one direction no your buena
get shadows face that's we got aim for
scalps face okay why do I feel like this
we'll get to sudden death although it
won't if I just know that getting ah hi
come on ooh
can you put off why he's rusted now come
on no this is it final chance
come on oh you know what does if you can
even go I'm gonna I don't really need to
crouch down I'm doing it anyways if I
get any this will be a Christmas merrily
get any you win it'll be a Christmas
miracle okay
oh the scoot up team might be better
script exit yeah go on
okay bit more direction come on okay
direction bro I can skip on okay come on
Toby one to win Toby one there's nice
group in it okay so you can scoop it
okay back to the pink by that was that
okay this is a lot harder than we
thought so now it's just sudden-death
first one to get one in wins okay okay
oh look at the crossbar gun down
yeah trip come your water really Roberto
Carlos dick Zaza oh okay
just a dope okay now I can't with
Photoshop bag in a road that's round two
done but round three is gonna be the
penalty round we're gonna have three
shots each from there
trying to beat Santa in it's candy cane
first penalty right foot second penalty
left the thermo penalty trick shot okay
each penalty will be worth the points
you can still win each of those rounds
was worth one point
oh boy the only rule in this is if you
knock the candy cane over by kissing yes
it doesn't count if you hit the right
side of the net and it falls over
unluckily doesn't matter Ching Chang
Wallace I wish this every time so we're
gonna do it play again Ching Chang wala
chief check water hey what do you wanna
do I will go second duck right foot go
on Santa oh good pen good pen not saving
out yeah look good on ya the same places
Toby what back yeah call out a little
okay okay okay well I didn't go to plan
to one yeah duck
really oh I didn't hit the candy cane oh
yeah sure
duck left foot oh my tucked it away
salmon go ahead to it but it wasn't
strong in front comes up this stricture
clam baby what's he got
hey Glenn I got your handicap using the
rolled up his leg one will allow it
quack
I couldn't be on to say just to win
you're late oh I can't believe I let go
pin down how much oh my god I got one
you're kidding no we haven't done this
whole Billy though we should have done
why are you having salad
so that's all for the Christmas football
challenge only you guys enjoyed it if
you did be sure leave like check out
service channel in the description we
have done a video I was there hey guys
watching out with those rinses and peace
I didn't hurt that much
