yo ghazals up and a jumper is back the
house is cold I've got a jumper on even
though it's got some holes in okay yes
it's the style damn stylish top comment
today on who to buy was the Civic player
to fit this chemistry just taken himself
because he will fit with Mustafi and
Mathieu so to Stegen that don't know
really what about you I mean I know
you've got 98 Fitness yeah I gave that
week it says taken now we got him and we
still have 10,000 coins but as I said
guys I will have pre-recorded the next
episode so you know don't don't bother
commenting on it just let me let me now
you're enjoying the series or what I can
change when I do come back obviously it
won't take place in the next episode
maybe not the one after that but the one
after that in the new year which means
the next player I buy is already
predetermined so this is a team that
we're gonna be using this is actually
rash Birds first game I completely
forgot that we bought him and it's
Carrick's first games team is turning
very English England aren't that good at
football okay yet don't yeah short just
go just like video now whatever please
don't please I'm English too so division
for hasn't been going too well two wins
two losses I need to change that I need
to get a win and a draw or a win and a
win okay I can't keep going win loss win
loss weight loss weight loss win loss
well this seems appropriate he has an
England badge and he's called boom you
lose just when I was slating English
football and okay as I want to watch but
the rest of the team ain't that good
although he does have to stay guy guys
way to like mannequin looking the right
back okay
it doesn't look right it's not a single
flaw and I'm not saying he's attractive
although he is a good-looking male I'm
just digging a hole honor all right
let's see what we have to do here let's
have an easy game lads
please can I have it please right keep
the ball we're gonna play possession
football all seen him through leg touch
hand oh pendo bomb got huh hunter how
did I not score I mean I'm gonna I'm
gonna score now anyway to make make sure
Russian on his debut we need to win this
day yeah I want Danny to score so I can
have a drink because I said I'd drink
water every time he scores
how did he make hat okay we're even now
we're even broke even bar sit go right
Rushford let's wait boom and oh just
taking up those rashes and short Oh
Westwood look look look really that's
why that's why that's why I should have
just turned and shot with Rushford far
side come on hunter come on Alex
go on Alex that sounded like creepy Oh
Glen almost got that sounded like his
creepy grandpa hold up Oh duck Reuben
Reuben Reuben
great ape great ape let's carry on
nothing happened you didn't see that I'm
Anna even show that clip who knows he's
left me space again he's living space
again why does he keep doing this does
he not know that I am the corner master
look bang I need to use to stakin I've
only got one 5k pack right now I need
another I need a 7k pack turner fresh
food all you have to do the whole time
was just turn around turn around every
now and then again
Hunter boom googa googa Michael Carrick
Michael gag the man who never pluses the
ball forward passes it forward that was
sideways oh my god it's a halftime and
only one nil up actually this is a
typical England performance get gone go
down to that light bar again shame on
you you can't just like it twice focus
for a minute Simon just just how many mu
6 minutes 6 minutes of pure genius ready
this is gonna be this is gonna be a
master class in FIFA no ready
oh-ho well again yeah yeah what why
don't you roll it side where you kind of
just roll it forward all Bojan Rushford
breath fresh would still go in stuck
that he just got in to stop hannah's he
actually just got pounded and then the
ref type of me that's fine isn't it what
is that for a pass I mean it went to my
player but these are some dodgy dodgy
passes
that's not pressured I don't know how to
react anymore Jordan Henderson the
English Ronaldo as look at him look
English room I need to just stop
doughnut as I don't feel very
comfortable while I'm only winning by
one goal cuz he if he just gives that
one goal right Utley what is that
see that's why I mean I can't get my
passes to go right holy catfish Lorraine
does what I mean
does what I mean let's go oh come on
look look at me please shut up
nice nice oh please hand dog ball to nil
I'm that into the seven-and-a-half kpac
yo he isn't seriously attacking look at
this look at look ok we get another goal
ok another goal run what's the run there
we go alright Alex hunter as well Alex
hunter if he can get the goal go wait
wait wait wait wait Alex hunter please
loses you are Haluk why should I just I
should just not shot with raster that's
taking a touch of pasta back please let
me have one more chance let me have this
shot no I really wanted a second zone ok
back destroyed I'm so happy I didn't
lose that I didn't want my England point
to just go to waste one 5k pack and one
seven-and-a-half gave a 5k pack just Gao
Faye's disgusting that is I don't want
to open these packs and now a seven and
a half day back this is the one that
counts come on please please please
please please that's rare don't gonna
fifteen you're not being a team Pereira
go back up to ten 666 the devil we need
to win and draw a win and win if we can
win this game now we're in a very good
position because already safe in the
division we'll just need four more
points to get promotion in four games as
well that should be very easy we're back
to the Spanish side on the left and
we're yeah you know what I want to win
this game so badly just so we are safe
in the division I want to get our
division 4 already I've only done like
one of them it's my third episode in
here and I'm already sick of it Division
3 is gonna be even worse harder him FC
and he's got that inform Diego Costa and
a solid defense wait a second why is PJ
playing set amid come on this is a mum
I'm mrs. oh and this knows it's a joke
this is a prank where's camera at
there's the camera
ah I deserve to lose again here we go
message out to Coleman Coleman back to
Hendo hand out this could be a very long
game if I did this and I wanna run endo
takes a touch inside bangs one or one of
them's going to go in Jordan Henderson
has probably the best right foot in the
world and I mean Diego Costas is pretty
awful as you could tell not even on
target guys I'm losing this game I can
already tell you that right now
I can already tell you that I've blocked
this shot and I might not lose I'm going
to lose hello hello hello son Luca
hunter hunters on the run a little run
plays a blue tick touch and Santa cos
all are what what wait no wait did I
take a deflection cuz his keeper dived a
very strange way like he properly like
dived under that oh nothing is happening
in this day far side gone hand oh you
know what I believe in your left foot I
believe in your look but to analyze
exactly what I hang wrap come on ref
he's okay thank you let him celebrate Oh
Jordan Henderson that's why we frickin
easy the best player in the world hold
up hold up hold up hold up
oh come Queen can we calm down for a
second mate compete can we calm down
plus if I take time out there
nice nice solid half lads as long as we
don't lose I'm happy ah
here we go here we go here we go here we
go just just please Simon don't don't
let it go now we've done so well to get
a goal and this is where we need to take
advantage hello look at that look at
that play look did you did you see that
we have quit quit a slow-motion replay
do you see that yeah you see that I
don't know why I didn't show the goal
just you know just the passing but
whatever we're two nil on and that's a
seven and a half caper Henderson on a
little run Oh best player in the world
let's split that is that's Perez's fault
that was a terrible run defending I'm
defending stupid I'm defending stupid I
defend it that's that's that's just
entirely my fault and I've defended like
an idiot ah
why why why do I make everything more
difficult for myself
ready ready lay him off and boom there's
three just it's just it's just such good
play thousand assists no don't be stupid
Simon don't be stupid we I know we need
another goal for another pack but I need
to win this more than I need packs
look at this although saying that thing
that played it turns him I think so dog
haha we don't think it is this but we
get this seven and a half K pack for it
what we need is an assist that's it just
just an assistant
go on ref thank you you know what we'll
actually take it with hunter no player
on the line for a second
honestly free-kick stonemasons - hello
mate yeah I'll take you down to
Chinatown wow that actually went through
Carius he doesn't mean anything now does
it there it is right for - we didn't get
away he got yo wait what yo he got a
goal and three assists I did not pay for
that is that a special bag yo you know
what it is December we're going for
a special patch so we could get one
special part 1 7 and 1/2 K PI 5 K PI and
a7 you know what we're gonna just do
that get a 5 K pack cuz we got one extra
goal because we got three goals that
weren't Alex answer so that's that pack
just done this
it's horrible did I even get okay we got
Fabian depth sneak and we get an on
right really and for the first time ever
guys I'm actually gonna have to buy more
favor points then we got a goal with
Alex hunter so we get another seven and
a half K pack oh oh okay we just got
another bbl striker things are getting
pretty interesting up front now that we
have about 19 strikers and then we got
three assists with Alex hunter so I
don't know whether that's a 15k or a 25k
just because you guys seem to really
really love packs I'm just I'm just
gonna do this one screw it just for you
guys just cuz it's December merry
freaking Christmas that wasn't I thought
that was gonna be sure Michael it's
Zieler nothing nothing good there well
you know what guys
we have 11800 don't leave anything on
this episode of who to buy just let me
know how you enjoy the series what you
want to change it cetera next episode
good guaranty promotion if I win and
draw or win both and then the episode
after hopefully I'll be in Division
three that's all for today thank you
guys for watching and peace
you
