yo guys what's going on and welcome to
the guest the Santa YouTube are these
two or taking each other on in who can
guess the youtuber basically but they're
morphed into Santa
so yeah you understand yeah he does
understand I do explain people look like
Santa but we have to guess them please
pretty much got it yeah you're gonna be
going at the same time and it's gonna
makes the buzzer noise first gets to
guess wait I saw some mutual they have
like a buzzard up oh well we don't have
that
haha what's your mother knows Loki
racist was your button hoist Nick okay
high key racist okay so there are 11
rounds whoever makes the buzzer noise
gets the guest first we have to guess
within two seconds of your buzzer okay
three two one nig one shit I won doubt
you guessed it foxy the answer if you
I'll Manny you're so good at guessing
this now we had to say your first answer
or shit so score is one nail to money
ready for the next one
yeah yeah you gotta think more it's not
okay it's there one done Nick only one
yo-yo on control and honey why Oh
walking those Yoshi cup butter with a
nose bum yeah it's so sharp
no most work you up shop loses this is
not gone well said so level now one oh
and this one okay I think this is an
easy one three two one Nick Shana what
are we what happens now I think he made
his noise first I think you need a quick
a noise
okay this is now bug but I think you go
down first oh good the only thing you
can say for the others is what's wrong
you can't have it zoella it is that is
correct all the beautiful eyes be mine
okay next I'll next verse right so the
score is 2-1 mana you're slacking our
you got any noise
my name is again bug but three two one
who is thanks fuck
John up you did it again money did you
actually no no no I was just it's just
like what's what was doing here that one
wasn't even close like that one was a
solid second behind who is it
Joe weather I wonder if you are correct
oh what a surprise you are there's the
money
Oh Jonah make this place oh you just
give a limp or its way you gave me one I
just had to yeah what good evening you
need this to get back into each is
already that's as soon as you put two
what you bet he only has two seconds to
guess it Oh three two one boom big is
that okay girl don't know if I can take
the arms up Luke hahahaha
you can't give him now I don't think I
could give you one oh my meager d Oh
that is correct money well done good add
a little effect you know can't make it
too obvious that was like a snapshot to
a baby
oh don't be like a baby there who is
this Santa look
kids are haha yes and kidding stop oh
good
you didn't know that you've been on this
shut up a hundred times whoa does that
should be like six I was not getting
money I should show something bad that's
not game no you need to get like people
who are not known then I won't know
anything
ah this one could potentially throw you
off it doesn't really matter is you're
like five two off or something that's
how much of a destruction is yeah three
two one
name that Santa Casey nice yes be that
good at this alright I know much YouTube
you know is now five to 2jj some money
you really need to start winning and I'm
gonna put more money on changing it
Wizards you see what you just did no let
me just turn up when you're losing him
FIFA and you're like God let me try now
my god you just did that I know three
two one boom but Oh Dino no a big it's
clearly what's her name book shut up
fucking name Oh who's gonna guess that
it's open now I forgot a fucking name
it's a gal just never go youtuber oh the
crazy one just met he's literally
telling you nothing it
Louisa jokes
like I know hahaha
no I better like my cheese man yo
realize the mud I give a fuck
she's with oh I am a rejoice I have 2
million subscribers how are you doing
okay this is potentially the weirdest
one out all of them okay now say it's
the hardest one it's just the weirdest
okay 3 ha ha boom oh my god
nig it's my dad ha ha ha Jesus crush
that's not fair he's gonna knows that
better than anyone I mean here's a
channel with I don't eat how many
subscribers literally three food will ya
know if you're like oh this is someone
though comedy show gamer yeah but it was
was no I was gonna say Deji which would
have been wrong rate is the way sittin I
was gonna say don't race they all look
the same don't lay this one before what
fun this one is now 1 500 what the whole
what does it use ok 3 2 1 go oh is that
name that youtuber does he know yeah see
big deal at all I'd say yeah Bob yeah
sorry
yes that is Kurt he got it do you want
to click ok cool of GT bottom fuck's
sake ali-a
oh I'm sorry nature nature fuck it's
just you like blew up his eyes you Big
Easy's are
my most occasional the fuck look about
those animated fucking it shows you're
more on this side a beauty
yeah well I don't know what side of you
want you the world learn sir yeah there
are no man egos this master to make your
respective I don't want to squirt to
make him lose by one point
okay I'm gonna let him just get this
okay who is that Jess you know cool
things I do ha ha ha ha ha know things
that would do Zoe it's not know she's
running a little too many clothes for
that
yeah want to have a guess I don't we
how'd you do that
oh yes thumbs how many soft why'd you
given you said that you know how
yourself
I was so still she did she start quick
Scoob I was gonna say I don't know me
they take it take a closer look but tell
you stop no 10 you're using a sniper in
like look down look who is my nigga
don't know you for real for real boy
how could you want to laughing okay no
no just be okay JJ you wanna just get
him out of his misery
slap oh oh we literally said bullets
knows it well you sleeping
ah I don't know what is wrong is let's
uh
educate my man can you need to stop you
mean you'd stop this game why I think we
need to do it more EA I don't want it to
be that kind of wine business anyway
that's a birthday Thank You JJ Thank You
Manny unlucky we've got destroyed but uh
anyways you take about the channels in
the description subscribe wherever that
they got what W Christmas ah peace baby
was too easy
I get my distance tell the baby
