yo guys what's going on and welcome to
sprout roulette in front of me are 12
different Brussels sprout chocolates
that are the different tastes in each of
them me and Toby are going to be asking
each other some Christmas trivia
questions and if you get it wrong you'll
have to eat one of them and I don't know
what they taste like
you told me this was a sprout tasting
session it is kind of it's not according
to the box is 12 Brussels sprout shaped
ruffles flavored with a variety of soft
centers whether it's sweet
horrid savory or tasty do you want to go
first
chicken check voila chicken Jack Waller
now the first question is according to
the Christmas song all right what was
the only present asked for a two front
teeth no this one I think B three pairs
of socks or C five bar cubes right what
I don't know what Christmas of this is I
was thinking all I want for Christmas is
you what song is this okay where are the
options again two front teeth hmm three
pairs of socks or five bath cubes two
front teeth go for it Toby pick up a
Brussels sprout ah what was it that I
fuck you that's it this one anyone face
them up that's got to be good right and
now put it back down because you were
correct how many sides does a snowflake
have on them is it 12 - is - is it a
it's it's flat let me Vanessa okay or
six it's not it's not six is it six it
might be six why are you asking me I'm
asking you I'm going with
eight I'd like to tell you you but you
don't have to pick up a sprout and I
can't tell you that you've got to pick
one up you should have gone with your
gut what I don't know I'm trying to make
it all like anticlimactic it's six no I
got it I got no I'm going for the one I
picked up earlier I use this one here's
one you picked up earlier I don't know
what these even taste like even the nice
log could be horrible a strong axe did
you get that's really nice oh my I was
really know this is another fun
aftertaste there's definitely something
in here I don't know it was nice enough
it's the dick mom thought it was
familiar mm-hmm aftertaste in the song
we wish you a Merry Christmas son what
pudding was asked for a rice pudding a
sticky toffee pudding for a figgy
pudding biggie
sticky toffee or rice I'm going with
figgy you got a piggy piggy
sure piggy sure yeah final answer
hundred and fifty sure you don't change
you sure don't choose the wrong one
you're correct
haha yeah look at these knees these are
some sexy knees yeah ha ha ha which of
the following was not a present from the
wise men okay I feel like I know this
diamonds gold or frankincense doesn't
pick up of scraps I mean no I - number
seven and parade how many gifts would
you receive if you received all the
gifts mentioned in the song twelve days
of Christmas is it a wait wait
is it a
364 is it B 296 or is it C 196 wait was
the question
I'm gonna go 364 cuz I can't be bothered
to do the math chooses Prowler was it
296 no soon as a school I said yeah yeah
at least with more Christmassy than we
thought actually only got one wrong we
when is the feast of Stephen January 1st
December 12th what December 26 726 since
Stephen's Day we have a movie question
that if you don't know the movie could
be difficult who was Scrooge's dead
business partner in A Christmas Carol
was it a Bill Sikes be Jacob Marley see
Bob Cratchit or D Tiny Tim thousand
times it's not bill scientist Oliver
Twist I'm gonna go crack shit he's gone
with Bob Cratchit Bob's your uncle
you know Bob it's also telling you to
eat a sprout no he's like your father
and kind of the one I picked before oh
it's not a very very oh it feels so
weird
Oh what's it gonna of it yeah just want
to talk to you and tell you how to act
how is it nice
damn it these are these all nice
aftertaste
oh oh oh I don't know what is they're
really weird of those electric Christmas
tree lights were first used they were
correct when oh okay
1878 okay 1907 okay or 1895 I'm gonna go
with 1907 electricity wasn't invented
before
haha I'm joking okay
they weren't ready there was already
halfway through the apology how can heat
the hell you said yourself this time
the answer is 1895 Simon pick up a
sprout Lawrence is that so far we don't
have fathers have been nice I don't know
what's nice another seven lucky number
seven mmm seven but will it be good Oh
what does it taste like it doesn't it
doesn't it doesn't taste that bad but
the smell of it is going into my nose
and it smells like a cat like litter
tray ha ha ha
which of the following places is not a
real US city or town is it a snowflake
in Texas be Santa Claus in Georgia or
see Noel or no in Missouri which one is
not real
Santa Claus or we cover Santa Claus in
Georgia that is a real place snowflake
is not a real who caused our place
second Lord
what so Santa Claus Ezreal what's all
argument about yeah whatever hope you
don't get a cat little 1:11 could be
anything
oh ha ha ha swallow its operators with
mister smell hey there's a smell the
taste is another miss Rachel around
it'll smell ensure that his Harvard
taste is in the smell that's science you
wanna get a drink
Peppa how many reindeer the Santa half
is it seven ten four nine nine that was
too easy
where did the real Saint Nicolas live
are enough where you're gonna say the
Rossman JD yeah in the North Pole Poland
or turkey I'm gonna go in Poland
you sure yep the Netherlands it was
turkey yeah yeah that's why we eat
turkey that's much like Mariana maybe
the rounds but the real answer is Turkey
no it's not it is oh come on
ah it's a cat it's a cat and then
multiple I don't if I don't know that
the show is uh nice yeah alright just
cuz you know I'm destroying Toby there's
no like three - yeah if I get this wrong
on me - wait I've got channel my
Christmas
what drink okay it was adapted yeah to
become the American Christmas drink
eggnog is it a the Scandinavian drink
glob is it be the Austrian drink blue
wine or is it C the French drink linked
to Putin I'm gonna just go with the only
one that sounded like echo
the first one grog broke look go look
clock I'm gonna get my rock we're nuts
it cuts his brown oh because you are
right I'm right
nay I'm not you're wrong yeah eat -
chicken milk right we're gonna get four
eight and four what does it taste like
although she's not bad Oh God number
four
the moment of truth
how it felt different then how well
different bit through that a lot
differently than the last look oh oh
that is not a please face look at that
face
uh did you actually do it man but you
know those during the hammer what did it
taste like this is like egg and dick but
I know what it's like
what is the all-time best-selling
christmas recording obviously the
sidemen audio but we kept it on shooting
shooting the violin the description
white Christmas jingle bells or Frosty
the Snowman Frosty the Snowman I used to
have learnt that when you press the
button it sang that song huh that was so
annoying I threw out well after like a
week it was so annoying
I'm ganna jingle bells - I changed my
also no oh you changed it to the first
one
there was a puzzle box every white
Christmas I thought there would be a
boil as a trick question
okay oh no it's gone for number 12 no
there will be not nice
yeah there's like one or two it's been
oh no in that that I join you
Cheers yeah you just touch balls it
doesn't make sense but that one tasted
like green I think one good there's just
the last two we're gonna put two on the
line for you as well okay if I get it
right you gotta eat one with me which of
the following was not one of the three
kings
was it a Balthazar be Solomon or C
Melchior then he used to play Chelsea
it's milky otters are Suliman and Mario
al qiyamah exactly I'm gonna go
with Solomon wasn't one that your phone
no that's not I know who I want you to
be one Mary oh no we'll stick with
Solomon stick my gut big old gun hear
that
stop just pick up a spare already and
I'll take this one to the Solomon walls
again hahahaha yeah yeah Wow you're not
gonna flush I will do safer water you
know I might do if I can get away I
guess that's it I don't really know who
won I think we're both lost our fire for
losers yeah anyways we have also done a
video on Toby's channel which you can
check out in the description make sure
you subscribe way over there hope you
guys have a good Christmas and peace
catch my eye tell the baby
