yo ghazals going on and yeah I have a
nice Watford kit on but we may have to
be changing what we're wearing soon
because we just got the foot musket and
I think one of them is on its way to my
house also there's a unicorn behind me
but that's beside the point
I asked you guys for some comments of
who to buy top comment which I took a
while to find by tweeting it out by Alex
the dowel as a right-back for the
Spanish league team many many many many
of you pointed out how is Alex under
gonna fit in this team truthers didn't
think about it but he's only 750 so
we'll buy him anywhere we'll sort the
rest out later so the Spanish league
team is looking at leah is done it's not
we got a t1 rating a hundred chemistry
now we can build two teams one with the
light right side being BP oh I'm warm at
the left side being VP oh and then the
other side in Spanish league that was my
thinking that was a long-term plan you
see why is this up how's that happened
then one quick thing to say by the way
is that as I am gonna be home for
Christmas I will be pre recording these
episodes not this one obviously but I
will be having to take a couple of the
top comments so be sure to keep like
each other's comments so I know next
time which two comments one for next and
so one for the one after hopefully we'll
be able to get as many episodes as
possible we lost the game last time that
is our seventh loss of all time I need
to win both to have a very very good
chance of getting the title why if I had
a manager this whole time you know what
I'm not giving no no we're gonna just
send them to club and we have had our
massive change around since last time
we're playing the Spanish league team on
the left see this is what I was talking
about guys we can change the formation a
little bit manipulate things have a BPL
Spanish league then BPL Spanish league
but for now this is the team we use it
let's go Division four come on nature I
want to play you bro I wanna play neat
we're playing nature it's got the
rainbow kit you know what I'm gonna go
green oh he's using the foot mask it
okay this is it this is it hunting we
will go versus
optic nadeshot not really sure he's
still update what that I was this team
that's a really good team isn't it might
need a very fast-paced song for this oh
oh I want to be a boss please please
go oh my god please please yep
get rid get okay good yeah I'm a boss
bitch I'm a mouse
ha ha ha ha ha ha what the fuck
Jaime Marty oh no don't no no no no no
no no
Arzo go yep yep brilliant really you
know what brick Russia's pop just came
on that's why I'm losing more players
still their breath because they just
kept tune Oh Division four is proving to
be very difficult guys yeah you thought
since oh man well I'm not what I'm gonna
keep going down the line how are you
dealing with this there you go
seen you there what there is no way his
leg reach that maybe this actually is
optic you know cuz they're pretty good
Foshan please boys young police
that's a nice boss that's a nice boss
please oh and all honestly the party
that is going on in my ears right now is
mad yo body come back here body body
give me much thank you mate thank you
we're going hands up good get up get up
good ball in give up oh it was a very
good ball well played hunter oh no oh my
days go so what is that type of cake
that kind of what it kind of kind of
work I now we got some serious music now
it this is where this is the part of the
video where the serious music comes on I
didn't lost on to that I did not know
I'm pissed I am pissed as hell right now
a sit halftime we are 45 minutes away
from losing our first game of this
episode and I kind of deserve it as well
I deserve to be losing I mean the thing
is his defense is solid ok we're just
going for a little cross here we go for
a cross that's a pop glass a great ball
oh really it just lands straight to them
like that
what what what what Correa's thank you
oh yeah I feel like I haven't played
this since there was a patch or
something because something is a little
different
Jagielka thank you
get rid get rid get rid go yes no no put
him off put him off that's a great
challenge oh you're taking the police
quarterback kids the back you'll because
my players are so dumb Jamie Vardy I
know he's good what bloody yeah and
there's another goal because Jamie Vardy
is apparently the best player in the
world nope okay oh I forgot to put
Fitness on Alex hunter tonight yeah yeah
or one
I need another goals at least get seven
and a half K pack this is going awful at
least be injured Daniel Sturridge
although based on real life that's not
hard foshan pass it in posit one more
one and then plus it across and no way
no he's not off he wasn't ah I mean not
that I was actually hoping on a comeback
what I was just hoping for another goal
go on hunter right positon alright
and then Lucas calls he's frickin please
please just score an own goal just for
pants oh my god oh my god oh my god he
like he heard me half you know he had he
had a little part of my sentence who
woulda thought I would've got destroyed
for one in the first game GG nadeshot
well played I mean there was a little
bit of bullshit with your third goal
with the Jamie Vardy backheel I don't
know if you call this bullshit but I'm
just saying alone you have your shot
good save hits my defender cool for some
reason he'd like decides to do the
stanky leg my defender goes how clear
keeps like nah oh no you won't stops him
Jamie body's just just on his own cool
back kill this asses I look at my
defender look at Jagielka lair
why is he leaning back and goalkeeper
knows that's already in why is he
leaning back now
whatever man Division four is gonna be
the first tough division one 5k pack I
can't believe that's it I thought
actually I was gonna say for a second I
thought I was it massive no wait I
fucked up I'm sorry we got a rare though
from a 5k pack I'll take you we still
have 10k remember so keep letting me
know who you want me to buy this is the
team we're using for this game we've got
Harry Kane and Cazorla and mattock and
drink water all back and Mustafi all but
these are the players I need to win
again let's see your team brah let's see
your team
it's very average let's see if we can
actually win a game today let's see if
he's actually good at reading things
boom boom boom
see Kane man I brought you in instead of
Perez you've got to do me favors here
there you go there you go hunter not
matter or I you see that little curl at
the end when I say curl by the way I
mean it took a deflection got okay wait
Musa Musa Musa chill Musa chill okay get
ready get ready get rid yes this is what
we needed this is what we needed this is
what we needed now we have a little
counter counter alright where's the runs
where's the run oh please please it yawn
you're actually on alright bang what
don't check what I dropped it on my
boobs come on hunter
okay hunters I actually got two bits now
he ain't doing that much right now
plus it across take such inside
hurricane hurricane Jack someone comment
today only got 29 like someone said just
if you hate him so much why don't you
get him for your team why didn't you
guys thumb that out more I mean Carius
has been very very good don't get me
wrong are you getting wrong at all I
mean Santi Cazorla
Oh some mad goal answers on a run
hunters on a run he plays it up top and
then who's this who's this
you play min take touch Santi Cazorla
with this second goal that's a seven and
a half K pack right there okay let's get
another goal right now no okay no that
worked
Huntelaar is so dead of shooting from
that far hunter you beautiful beautiful
turning right no that's the wrong that's
the wrong way that's upsetting Gazala
for a hat-trick I mean that's what
assists if we get to assist we get seven
half keep active I can get an assist now
with Alex hunter again that's an extra
seven and a half gape at that would be
three seven a half k-pax if I get one
more goal that's not hunter bit here sis
or hunter that could count that could
count we'll have to find out at the end
it mean he's taking a many many many
touches but there's halftime I guess we
just keep going seeing how many goals we
can get what the Frick what the Frick is
going on it why is he having a chart we
need to stop him now run hunter run this
could be his assist
what is that for a touch that's an awful
really time to end this okay Hunter
hunter place it through all that's not
really where I wanted if we've gone to
the other guy that might have been a
goal it's annoying cuz I don't even know
if I need an assist I'm kind of just
trying to score as many goals as
possible too bad hello hello mate mate
put them off good goodness stuff it bad
Mustafi bad mutton fur how is the vision
for this very I mean I just lost 4-1 and
now I'm winning four nil and I'm not
really struggling if I'm honest bring it
on 1v1 me go 1v1 me oh it's okay that's
not a 1v1 is there that's not a one be
what I actually booked it I really gonna
just win for nil after that amazing
start okay you know what
I'm bought I'm bored now hoarder boom
what why would it go there please please
please please
one of my tackles work bus go turn out
breath Wow top of that Bruno with the
best left foot in the world awful that I
was truly awful I thought you don't
really like solid left foot there we go
there's four nail question is did Alex
hunter get to a sip for goals no.1 goals
Diddy how many do you know Cal that
means we're just getting to selling a
half K packs not through
got a good player license these are
probably gonna be all for here we got a
rare Morgan little ppl center back
nothing else though really no and for
the second Jaime's Rodriguez is gonna
bring us something amazing I don't care
that he's be here we're up to 11,000
coins now we need to get five wins and a
draw you were on track ish we just need
one episode where we win both or you
know win and draw that let's see that's
it for today as I said like each other's
comments because this is going to be the
next two episodes of comments on this
video thank you guys for watching and
peace
you
