I so just filmed a video with don't say
don't say don't say please leave a link
to his channel in the description below
we're going to be doing oh yeah will you
even you've got tada that's disgusting
anyways we're gonna try a couple grapple
craps I'm not gonna be doing a whole
video on it but I'm gonna be testing you
whether you can guess if it's a real
lyric oh yeah yeah yeah before we before
we start do you sing a man yeah
yeah you know yeah yeah yeah okay so the
first lyric pussy gooey like yolk before
that egg scramble that cannot be real if
that's wrote I'm gonna have a chat with
the person that made this because I
swear to God do that again broke pussy
gooey like yolk before the egg scramble
I'm have enough so no that is crap you
are correct wrong you are wrong that is
lip gloss Charli XCX featuring cupcake
pussy gooey I just got one of that so
this is the song Nick Nick I want to let
you know that you know that song that's
an Eric don't ever try to now now you
understand how weird these are okay I
get how it gets Nami yeah now you get I
put your tits in a plug so I can turn
you on you can't be real I'm gonna sing
crap cuz I swear to God that's another
lyric then what's this you know I mean
see you again crap a hundred a piece you
sure crap mad no you're right
pussy so cold I call her an Eskimo
that's just a wrap that's a wrap it was
probably good to know that I could make
it as a rapper now man okay for you in
two words you should take some tips
I mean I just broke my wrist
cuz I'm whippin in the kitchen as I sort
lyric hundred ten percent that jump into
the studio see that you're correct yeah
of course that's actually a little pump
no DeRose the song is the earth okay
then fun extra one last ones okay let's
go get the hair right there what's cool
fucked in the head
my stepfather said that I sucked in bed
yeah still you know know your answers
though yeah that's crap please know that
is crap how do i Ranbir know but I still
come ask you man you're sick I have just
been compared to Eminem thank you very
much that's why I did it
oh I know what wait man I saw
yeah
well if I can just go to the shot
so you think that's a pair me looks like
me is that me oh you lied in my vlog
online by that's why I wanted to get
something give it to me I actually don't
want it I really got my own one okay so
as you can see I am home for the
holidays now and this is actually coming
out after Christmas but I'm home just
before Christmas LG have sent a nice
little presence and open that oh my god
a lot of Biscay with my facebook like
very sponsored brand heavy cookies and
hopefully you guys saw the Christmassy
video is a giveaway so all you got to do
is like and favorite know like and
retweet my tweet and follow me and Josh
I'll leave a link to it in the
description below I'll decide the
winners after New Year's yeah go check
that video out and I don't know if
there's anything left in this blog over
oh okay
me
