ah I knew this just coming you know
what's next late Josh's packed out which
is why me and just tried playing each
other with our series and it didn't work
I don't know why but there's basically a
big issue on exports so we can't invite
each other Ethan couldn't invite me
though I had to invite him for both
games it didn't make any sense it but I
can't promise it'll happen the other top
comment was to by Remi or Rochefort
based on Josh's word I don't really want
to go for Remy guys why are we buying
another striker I know he's English so
it'll fit but he's not even as high
rated as the other ones we've got we
have a hairy cane you guys said it so
yeah we've gotten we have a team almost
complete in the Spanish league so let me
know players in this league to get okay
or a sense of need in the Premiership I
mean maybe we'll get one when we win
today but we are in Division four for
the first time ever you need how many
six wins and a draw to get the title
I completely forgot about massive and as
I was getting rush with into the squad
just then you know who else I noticed
suddenly big Michael Carrick we have
another CDM I think we're good now
actually guys whatever I'm just saying
this team has done I think we need some
Spanish league players that's up to you
guys none of my business
where you gonna have division boys
untouched territory and he has to be BL
team nothing amazing with Jack Butland
the little bastard come on we got a star
division four with a win
I don't wanna oh wow wow this is heat
look look at the pressure he's putting
on Division four is a new area ah here
is good Division four I can already tell
I can already tell that this is gonna be
a tougher Division huh oh that's a gun
Oh boom like why you drive around you
outside and waiting to impose on this is
why Santi Cazorla should be playing what
is going on what is what is going on my
player turned he's asked to face him
that's not how you tackle win knees ends
you don't turn and foot put your batty
towards him on really I honestly I think
the day someone scores directly from a
corner without anyone else touching it
if the day I just I just stop I kinda
decide you know what I did well in this
series guys I honestly reckon this could
be a new nail first game in Division
four not happy but
it's 5:02 first please how is he jumping
through your body the only way it's not
going to be as if he suppose right now
or are I school now support you good
minute gone run run gone wrong
hunter please show some place pen pen
pet no breath ref have a word mate come
in come to my house have a word with me
boring this is I'm not saying he's
boring here he isn't a boring play yeah
not the last guy way he calls me a prick
every time I try and shoot just neither
of us can get that clear-cut chance you
know Harry Harry there's a little bit of
space opening up turn back nice couple
of Luke but Ben dies ref come to my
house Shaitan turn to Tom message
message you know what you know what the
new boy I mean kind of hit that a bit
like a fairies is a lot better I'm
actually starting to get some form of
play around and oh Hendo near post ref
please okay that one wasn't a pen but
out of the other one the other ones were
so maybe you could just cut me a little
bit a sledge take such edge bang message
but it but but at first Bush an
apparently but don't know how he scored
that one how did vote where did bozo and
kick the ball came at it's their message
oh my god it's it the slightest
deflection of foshan's ankle I apologize
Mendoza ref see because that was a
freaking awful goal
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
no my blazing plants are freaking palm
oil I don't know how I made sense
there's snowmen out there saying that I
do have Jagielka at number one so maybe
he does think he's a goalkeeper I don't
know how I'm gonna get another goal I
honestly I don't I don't know where
another goal could come from oh my god
yo number seven in our game pack eleven
minutes that's all I got to just hold
him for 11 minutes
hold on for 11 minutes hold on just
world hold on thank you okay
take your time I'm not time wasting I'm
just saying we will take your time see
this is what happens when you take your
time you lay it off from there
then you can pass it one more and Alex
hunter Wow
that was to win the game and get another
seven and a half caper and he gets a
goal because of it
well done Ikes well I'm genuinely in
disbelief that he didn't saw that that's
his minute you know what you know what
boom
he's on please be on please be on Wow
Wow Harry Harry where did you learn that
Espie Espie LaGuerta with the finish
like that again a second seven and a
half K pi I don't know how Harry Kane
got to this position but he finished
better than he finished better than Alex
hunter look at that and there it is our
first game in Division four our first
win in Division four - seven and a half
gape axe was it justified I'd say so
maybe not three one but two one-year
tables looking alright one game one win
now it's time to get two of these bad
boys Dima Rio please give me something
good a seven and a half K power we get a
rare get a rare and it's I thought it's
gonna be Schweinsteiger I was gonna be
really happy with that it's another rare
but it's okay there's a second where I
thought that could be good that's a tiny
flavor at 83 I thought can we go to be
the walk I think it's that's a solid
player to put in either team but we
already happened all right you can go
transfer this I said that this game can
get some hikes will get us something
good all right Dyer and Santi Cazorla
you're both back in do me proud boys I'm
playing zurka you guys wanted us the
best you guys wanted us to play so go
we're playing soccer oh no not with this
kid I don't know how you get that kid so
I don't know if that means he's gonna be
good oh bloody hell I mean he has
massive so I must believe that message
is good if he's gonna have him glory
sand those three up front God my hope is
that that is from a squad building
challenge which is it's possible if
that's what a squad building challenge
it might not mean he's that good we can
deal with this we can deal with this we
can deal with this we can do why am I
taking so long I took so long maybe I'm
not gonna have that much of a difficult
time I think I figured out how to beat
this guy it's the it's the standard
little one twos let ready look bang
ready one two well
I'm not really doing one Tuesday I'm not
really proving my point okay he's just
done a one-two and he's through he's
just fun he's just done one one two and
he's completely through okay he's done
me as well he's done yeah this yep ah
are you serious his hazards through
keeper yes Wow Wow I need to watch that
I need to watch his strikers you serious
are you serious
he's he's he's literally just run up the
end and sward guys I don't want to lose
again I don't I don't want to lose
another game ever ever I don't want to
lose a game ever please please oh okay
nice Santee finesse finesse why-y-y not
but white Bois Shambo to scoop to send
honestly honestly honestly honestly
honestly honestly honestly that's an
amazing save yeah but why is my defense
so ridiculously high up come on please
turn back Sam Harry kept that thank you
thank you I deserved one penalty this
whole episode of course we have no arrow
brilliant that is just brilliant
there we go hunter we're back in no no
no no damn it
Oh guys I'm gonna lose I'm gonna lose
another game I mean I mean look at that
does that not tell you that he doesn't
deserve to be three one two one perhaps
you know what guys in tough times you
gotta fight through the struggle the
pain and come from behind and just Vista
don't know if that really fits into this
situation but I mean I hope so
I mean I don't wanna I'm just gonna stop
talking but this look at this look at
this look at this look at this boom all
my days yeah
is exactly what I wanted you guys to
look at I wanted you to look at me
missing where's the run Santi oh my god
oh my god come on please please no I
should sure
we have 25 minutes to get to goals it's
over it's a it's it's it's so over Oh No
I like the fact that he can even shoot
like that on the turn it's just
ridiculous Hunter hunter hunter please
please please Santi Santi Santi Santi
Santi I chose you over bloah jean today
and you're really not proving me right
all-out attack I'm gonna lose I'm gonna
lose in style ten minutes ten minutes
can i I know that's why so far out it
gone waiting through something one won't
do something wane yeah good ball good
ball to him ah there it is there's bit
oh no he saved it I've another 4 minutes
left
ah 93rd minute yeah and nobody wants to
run away from of course he does that's
just how it goes
and now he's gonna go get a fourth goal
because why not you know bang you don't
get a fourth goal against me mate fuck
in al-31 the only solace there is that I
gotta go with Hunter to vision for man
what can I say it's going to be a tough
division and we only get one pack from
that so hazard just show me the rubbish
why is it hazard ok to rare again and
one real ok people did tell me to get
him so that's that's decent and again
more Bundesliga fillets Oh another
thousand coins which means we now have
ten and a half thousand coins let me
know who you want me to buy we could
start building that Liga son 10th day or
whatever you want to call it these days
so that's all for today thank you guys
for watching hopefully I won't lose more
games we've already lost seven on this
account but that's all for today thank
you guys watching and please
you
