yo guys what's going on and welcome to
another hunting we will go now let's
just I just get us out the way let's
address all that there there we go
teddy bear I got sent okay let's just
leave it at that there's no point
hanging on to what's their top go out
was to buy message at CDM because here's
a ton of physical and he passes
amazingly Andy's Jeep I'll be the judge
of that sheet my ass 7600 he have 7100
alright we're gonna have to play a
couple games but I will buy him at the
end of the episode saying that hopefully
by the end of the episode we'll be in
Division four we win the title and the
title is three packs I believe we also
get a pack where we go a pack for every
time hunter scores it's a 5k package
someone else pause it and then we get a
double winner you know we're gonna have
to go for a pretty unorthodox team this
time we're going with the Spanish side
but we had to leave Cole back in because
I need another set mid which is what
message is gonna be isn't it I'm an
idiot
so is it possible to make him into a CDM
instead that's what we want isn't it
there we go now we have a hundred chem
and then Matt is you play there then
yeah I think it's working out well let's
go show me the money
you when the sleeve I avoid higher and I
that means I'm kind of nervous
I mean this is a game for promotion so
of course I'm gonna be a little bit
nervous hope hope hope among hope that I
can do well and get a couple goals at
least plus it one more one two all right
where's that where's the two there's the
two and oh let's play some smart
football you ready for this
look at this smart football this is okay
I was almost not smart
turn back pass it in you know what Santi
Cazorla Sam Jack it Jack call back calm
play smart football oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god are you serious
Jackie okay why do you do it I'm losing
to KFC the only free chicken and I'm
losing for now okay now I'm losing the
Sun Sun that was playing is a bit slow
that's what it is now I've got faster
song now it's like really really fast
I'm gonna I'm gonna just tear a mother
see bang go Jack Cole but that's cookie
ginger that's why he scored look nice
little ball ready jack lil one two stops
it over the top
see I played it off his head as well
okay pause it edge take a touch Jack go
back for a second of the game what play
that was actually incredible that was AC
incredible and that's a hunter go okay
wait a second now if I get a sudden a
half get back and a 5k pack guys guys
stop panicking stop panicking wait no no
no no no no no no if he literally just
bought another should have been a pen
just keep the ball that's all we need
as long as here the ball he can't score
as long as we have the ball I can't no
no no that's the second seven and a half
caper your bruno is sick you see like
the Sacha Baron Cohen character honestly
I don't think such America and play
football like Bruno can bruno is
incredible and all this thing that is
that ism anal fisting right there right
second half just play smart Simon just
just make sure I get the tackles in what
are you doing Jackie Jackie what okay
Wow let's just let's not be stupid Simon
where's my team where is my team won Oh
put him off just please my god he loves
the little pass across Donny looks a
little swag old me come here Rodriguez
don't have a cross stop having a
donkey's laugh what'd I just say
Perez is the way look at him all the
monster gone bang OH
but I'm not really a boom but about a
matter but a Bing oh no we've got a slow
song on again there's a slow song in my
ears is it gonna cost me it's not quick
change you don't want to know the song
that just came on bait you are screwed
told you told you
Bowl um I really really messed that up a
whole Santi you know what finesse it why
if I gotta just finesse that into the
top corner that would have been our next
seven and a half K pack lay the ball
around the edge play the pool around the
edge and then we get chance hunter
please be on hunter Brit squad as well
although I don't need hunter to I just
need someone else think it's over guys I
think that was our final chance and we
we've we've earned it don't let him get
another call why ah well we got one
hunter goal we also got the two or we
got three other goals which means we get
one seven to half caper and two 700k
packs and one 5k pack yeah that yeah
that's about right I mean we will open
our other packs once we actually get the
time right let's just get a 5k out of
the way cuz who really cares about the
5k we're not all it's not gonna get
anything soon exactly I haven't been
getting any rares recently I mean I
didn't expect it all no ball you know
what noble actually fits into the team
pretty well alright two of these bad
boys Marsh I'll bring me something kill
we haven't had a good player in a while
we get we've got a rare for once fellows
vet no Petrucci the to car as fast as he
sell no not really I mean we'll put him
straight up for a bid see if we can get
rid of him and our second pack of the
day here we go Marco voice we get
another round I said in mind game rares
we've got a couple Reds but they're not
good rest hey hon doc good revitol only
one change may be got rid of call back
boy in Henderson and yeah as I said we
only need one point to get the title
that's three packs you got red bernadtom
I don't get it I mean it's a decent team
actually that's a very good team fuck I
really don't get your name whatever
let's just let's go on a win I'm just
going to blend in with the grass and
just you know keep myself to myself it's
gonna be an easy game I feel it's gonna
be an easy game nope
it's gonna be a tough game because he
has a good team always talking I might
have to put my headphones in
what he's saying know what boom why is
that not hunter and has been mugged off
royally they're playing through go on
take touch whore was that Hendo yo what
the hell what the hell is that who are
you Aleksandra please thank you look at
that roll
oh the ball roll almost worked come on
Santi Cazorla something son ah I don't
know if this guy's good or not I'm
really trying to figure out because he
really messes up a lot of passes but at
the same time I haven't had a chance so
I mean he can't be bad can he or Kenny
no okay maybe maybe I'm actually just
not playing well I need a goal I need a
goal because until I get a goal he is
playing like a complete tool ref ref
come on one thing such and Lucas boom
there's the goal and that's a 5k Pat I
needed that because he's playing like a
complete tool we said we Sam he said let
me hear it
plus plus oh oh oh come on let me put
this on in really where did he just come
from cuadrado good block right now this
time Rick
there is he being that rude to me is he
be root Z game Larry may yo just do not
let him score now do not know next angle
please no that's the chance he needed
and yeah it's for 2/5 freakin minute I
know one point is enough but I want to
win obviously back to square one I mean
it looks pretty even to be fair oh yeah
I can't say anything I mean don't get me
wrong he's not bad but he's not exactly
the best is he I think all of you
bastard
shit gold
probably not serious bull he's fuckin on
benign hi good mad yo I swear I just
want to score in here mumbles on staff
we got quality the same classes in the
same rooms all the time for people
nope not when I'm winning over and over
again
no not when I'm winning bro shit shit
shit
ah yeah of course these lives in the
replays press your button your little
play is the thing is right so if he if
he knows exactly where I'm going
why doesn't he stop it mad mad yo how do
I do it then how do he's gone quiet
again yeah this has become a proper
grudge match 15 more minutes that's it
just 15 more come on no no stop that
yes yes give me your dearest gypsy shit
shit shit shit shit honestly this guy
isn't good he's and he keeps saying how
like I'm doing the same passing he's
doing the same thing it's the only way
to school I'm gonna take a draw cuz
right now I'm getting to some getting a
sudden Hulk a pack and a 5k Pat know
what go on Hendo with a ballin boom no
please please please go go don't turn
him and no that was it
that was my charts I could have made him
completely just but oh no oh no wait
where you going where you goin mate
there we go I'll take a draw yeah we get
promotion we get a title look at that
seven-and-a-half thousand point your
name is tell my man Chateau how are you
gonna have a go at me for anything
through it guys I'm sending a message
hahaha ah such a douche
wow you're Brinn don't you good bread of
6 euros you mug this guy is one of the
most pathetic guys have ever seen in my
life this is made me feel some type of
way well we get one 5k per and then more
seven half k-pax here we go yeah that's
the five dip out there that's why
there's no point in them but these are
the ones are one these are the ones I
want Harry Kane give me something good
nah I'm gonna flare this is pack number
2 out of 4 we get a small flare so rare
but it's not good stuff
Elka really got him you know I'm just
gonna put him straight sale and Romero I
didn't even know he had buying all pack
give me something good ah nipple boy
areolas
oh he's replied he says you're born
inmates no skill attempts or long shots
your games dead so why didn't you win
and then just for you know like the full
humiliation we've gone for a little body
at the end and you know what open
another smiley face shit I miss the word
win ha ha ha ha
yo I've confused him I'm just gonna
stick with it fuck it I'm fucked up too
bad now I'm just gonna have to just go
all-out weirdness he said you just
spurred we're gonna have to just go for
the old-school JJ line here smarter
youtube he's having a go at me but been
bad
he was really good he went beep land
divisions right now you'd be in foot
champions and if you're a sponsor that
is Simon what if he's done all this foot
champions games
why is he in division 6 or division 5 a
comment board division um even if
division 4 we're now in Division four
guys so if you want to let me know who
you were no we're not we're not done
we're not done I need to buy a message
what there we go seven thousand nine
hundred coins we have him still happy in
a half thousand Co so you guys do need
to let me know who to get keep like in
each other's comments thank you guys for
watching I think that message finally
stopped him
so thanks man thanks look great thank
you guys watching ID please
