right I'm like so ready for this day no
it's because I'm in my right moment
although it's really retro styling like
and also actually hold a hold of it I'm
a crap mode know what this is your car
mode
yeah it's normal this is like gosh did
you go actually see young girls going on
and welcome to another rap or crap
today's guests ah
Josh crap and JJ also should be peeing
or coming yeah if you know how this
works busy there's going to be ten
rounds I'm going to say a lyric and they
have to try and deduce whether it is we
all there it it's good we're good yes
yeah a real lyric being rap or fake
lyric being cracked by our game include
weight and it his face more in its
reviews okay so you're both good at the
same time there's ten rounds isn't there
why I'm just a rapper everyone else at
my normal opponents so that means you
should win I do that's all you were my I
need to ace a home like in a rap or in
the house but yeah Michael Mikaela yeah
yeah he's got a hoodie before I go so it
was all silent mooches fear
well the puzzler is I got so much swag
that the airport don't even want to
check my bag that's not a crap oh we are
both of them saying crowd and guys as a
signer Nurik
it's a Wiz Khalifa lyric oh my god I
know so much swag the airport Dalida
technobear I'm so disappointed
no salable there is
so much no I added it added the sound of
it oh my god ha ha
nothing nothing about shot it in
afterwards it's good editing or how much
swag well if I had more swag
we don't boil the formal poems huh
yeah go rule darker the second lyric is
gonna get what I fantasize about myself
while I'm doing you oh yeah we've gone
for rap and we've gone for crap now I'm
just saying if Josh wins this he becomes
the rapper of the house Josh you're
right yo didn't lure me the rappers
Bradley wrong rapper anymore I won't
crack out of it I want credit so no I've
got a cool he's sitting up now all right
so it's one nail I wrote that myself I
should do our bebo okay the next lyric
is just gonna do it again and kill it
again and do it again
and kill it again it's all and do it
again yeah yeah it's love again so you
makes me get a pretty as a real rapper
weather remember us - is it rad oh she's
right it's crap ha ha ha that was care
sighs I need it sticks and stones I was
fixing
oh crap it's rap right but bitches I was
right that means it is one oh right now
I shit green like vegetarian assholes
he's rapping it's got to be I feel like
is always going crap he's gonna rock it
was childish gambino green like this
replica is chameleon yeah Sarah thank
you say he says that shit is mental
shift so it is not to one it's all turn
around now the rapid rapper of the year
ever put your pot the next one is this
is round five five round five I'm hungry
for the cheese like Hungry Hungry Hippos
I know what to do anymore
like fuck it
oh they're separating rounded down JJ
was right it was rather it was wrong why
why is that worried what do you mean who
do you wanna know who that was miss your
boss now project Pat all's I'm home good
for cheese like hungry hungry hippo is
that did I count okay yeah who is he
sure it which open now okay that this
project Pat yeah he looks like you for
bill to the next lyric is this round six
this summer Simon Erica Bobby in here
they like the way my pussy smells that's
family it's been other than uh that's
like I feel like something like water
lame let me smell y'all do lately
terminology
hahaha I believe I was a golfer crap
he's gone for up that wasn't actually a
Simon lyric the foxy it was a cow frizzy
lyric yeah Thank You Cal for easy
everyday
we'll also said I know time your I can
confirm this if they like the way my
pussy smells right it smells at a turkey
pet okay maybe it tastes this could be
the first time ever in rattle crap
history he can improve wrong which did
you define as a lyric of someone yeah
each laimbeer's Nicki Minaj so it has to
be Nicki Minaj okay it's throwing Joe
the rappers record he is back in the
game
my shit cost more than the bills I wiped
with at the Simon there then this year
weapon his shit with like $1 bills you
tell me what kind of shady doing that
squirt fun that was crap you're both
rise was good before which are you for
three I'm the only three rounds left
I mean load you though round day things
are about to get tough now what oh where
they set our gear I don't know why wait
there we have a change of music just a
turn okay
it stands now you can tell it's tense
because there's black borders at the top
and bottom i fucked every color call me
the rainbow fucker
okay I mean if it's crap I'm gonna steal
it okay we're still serious mode the
answer is crap it was crap that was that
was a ceiling I reckon MC min tabara no
I'm still waiting for old yeah it's full
roll out to the back in the game there's
only two rounds left in one xep
throw no easy toilet ring oh fuck oh my
god okay so the penultimate round we
have looking in the mirror like I wish I
could be me uh uh
philosopher I feel like something's
Conrad some people judge going well
muscled once just going or I'm looking
at you go to write this yeah I guess oh
no way oh I could be all they both gone
rap so it doesn't really matter if it's
rail not cuz uh it was Tiger looking
Tiger bar little faggoty it is brilliant
as holly-jolly Jill I guess you have any
going for that method so maybe maybe
he's looking at him having sex with her
in the mirror which and it was her she
fucking hurt no wishes her fucking him
he wants to be bent over oh he was get
that so he must be a paint that's what
is the tigress my living does get poop
look at that's why you still with her
we should do genius lyrics we might we
should write the meeting action yeah we
should write the captions so that lyric
is about him wanting to be Peggy I don't
keep all the upper over soon so it is
the final question so it's sudden death
right now
wait so we should have a chance we
should be able to so comment or anything
we can't because we might just copy each
other's I let you feel like the shit but
boy you can't out fart me okay are you
ready yeah three two one go crap crap
then it doesn't really matter again does
it seem effortless a way but that was
actually Jay Cole like you why you fuck
off right never heard a rumpus it would
fall I'm sorry Jake Jake okay on the low
his lays album was sick but I'm sorry
isn't all this nothing this must be an
old early days early GDP Jake old you
are stopping somewhere Jesus Christ what
happened now that we carry on sudden
death again oh you need Mary okay when
you think I'm not there
remember I'm watching you through a
camera okay that she look like a slaw
Dhoni are you ready yeah you're both
right I'm talking about I know if I went
for like really out there
no no yeah I'm sorry but dies ridiculous
honey without that would like the
stalker
hahaha tiny ones via pegs I'm sorry yes
very true and Jake out take out Draco
Big Jake holiday cards are for me
okay next round Oh God we're just gonna
keep going through the
oh I ain't no drink and my girl nothing
like Rihanna 3 2 1 boom guys watching
you get us have to stop agree are you
know and Alec feel realize I'm so I'm
slowly running out is it is it right no
I close my lyric oh fuck say this is it
guys I made bacon out the Three Little
Pigs and sausage rolls out of their kids
three two one go oh oh we finally have a
winner and the winner is bring the black
bar lights out this rap of the year the
winner sir is and the winner of the
raffle crap and your demands I'm trying
to think of a prize right now this Santa
doll okay is good blue believe in sin
for anyone yeah that was my lyric
because I was playing wolf among us and
they were the three little pigs I think
you because it runs that's all for today
guys remember to keep an eye out for Jay
Jay's new EP where he says that he's a
rainbow fucker rainbow buckaroo hey JJ
holds on to the title as the house
rapper that's all today make sure you
check out both their channels in the
description subscribe boy over there
think ice watching and please fuck you
so Oh No
