yo guys what's going on and welcome to
another hunting we will go since last
time I did a normal episode we have
faced Ethan we have done a draw both
have gone alright you know the top
comment this time was now that it is
Christmas every time a school with
anyone I get a pass so you know what I'm
gonna do I am gonna do that because it
is the most liked comment but I'm gonna
do a 5k pack and if I get two goals it's
a seven in the half k pack but feel like
that might be too many packs yeah that's
right I'm saying I score a lot the next
up comment was finally a left-back
Monreal or as pillar Quetta both spanish
both will fit with the team just cause
we're big-time spenders now we're going
for the 84 rated as peeler Quetta which
we can afford was 6969 long we now have
a left back I'm so happy but I'm not
done there was one more comment sell
your MLS players they all go for like 5k
right now do I even have MLS players
only two okay I've got three I doubt
they'll sell that much yes 718 it'll do
just put these up anyway just for
whatever I can get but that's the top
three comment this is the team we're
building it's quite an English team but
we will be able to fit the Spanish team
in very easily now that we have Santi
and as that's right I shorten names I
think we should probably start looking
at getting a second team now that's
fully Spanish or Spanish league but for
now we are back in Division five we have
won three are three one more point and
we are safe in the division if I win
both games we are one point away from
promotion all right into a normal game
oh okay we got a nice little Syria mix
them with a ppl god Butland I know I
need to sneeze come on please
sneak ah this is the worst feeling in
the world playthroughs alright no time
to sneeze we're going into the game oh
my eyes are watering please I need his
eyes to be watering when he cries cuz I
beat his ass Harry came from Xin side
all four side see oh that was horrible
that was hurricane is I don't know what
I think I don't know what I think of you
yeah Harry alright Hunter hunter look at
this look at the footwork
he turns one he lays it in that's a
horrible oh wait why didn't you put your
file that's Leo no oh no oh no Raheem
Sterling what is that for a touch
Mustafi oh oh
dire bangs one Oh Jack Butland is
actually insane and goes that's why I
was worried about him because he's
actually like the best goalie in the BPO
on the game Hendo corner will take the
corner obviously I don't mean real life
but it's like Henderson Henderson's like
one of the hello
Henderson's like one of the best players
on the game now how many people are
gonna disagree with me go on go on
bang why are you not what Howard what no
I mean obviously uh hunter goal still
counts as it's a slow one whoa hunt
cigar still counts as a straightaway 7.5
k pass all right one pack done pendo
Hendo gone play back play it one more
cigarette Johnson why I use that ref ref
how is it our have I fallen over and
that's not a foul all I gotta do is get
a little shot off here and it'll be a
goal cuz it's the 45th minute come on
come on hunter please no that's it
halftime solid half with one Nilla and
he isn't at oh sure how do I keep doing
this and yet not destroying people and I
need to learn to score get back get back
get back get back
Oh No that could have been a pen that
should have been a glorious are you're
really really trying to keep up with
Butland aren't you oh go on
come on where we go where we go no ok
pass it back nice
hello I'm Dyer it's Oh bang just cuz
although just to know ah ok this is
safety in the division and that's a fire
kpac I need one more goal from anyone to
get another seven and a half kpac Oh
Harry Kane Harry
there's supreme there's a seven and a
half get back so we get to seven and a
half k packs off of it I didn't believe
in Harry Kane and subsist there okay
you're not getting another hunter goal
on this attack unless unless Glenn Glenn
so that okay not really where I wanted
it but sad to you cuz all now odd it is
for me to sing like an Arsenal child one
to once it got a clutch Bank Jack
Butland leave me alone big tears for as
P this is your the new boy you're the
new boy don't let em get out you don't
lamb go on alright big tackle
oh no you've missed the second one you
missed the second one you can't do this
gon do this stop him stop him I don't
want to let a goal in I don't wanna let
go Lynn stop make it cool Santi Cazorla
stepping up because I feel like there's
almost no point in getting one more goal
I felt like I need two more if I'm gonna
get one if I'm getting one I mean I have
to kind of get to to make it worth it I
speak I speak well its debut I like my
left back there okay this is promising
with a speak why are you going what
though Rick how is he just okay you know
what fair enough I mean it's the 88th
minute I'm cool and chill and chill time
to just see the game out there it is
right that's a game done that we get a
seven to seven and a half k packs
he had one shot and scored it I need to
learn to score more alright two of these
bad boys Jimenez Rodriguez what are you
gonna bring me please bring me something
at least rare it's not even a rare what
these packs are so bad ever since about
Jordi Alba
I know his BP up I'm not gonna use him
am i how am I not getting a rare car
okay I mean he fits into the Spanish
league team that we might build all
right time to just go back into the lead
the only changes we made Santi I'm sorry
he's off we got Bojan and we've got Cole
back in maybe not the best move showing
me a bad team show me a bad for me
living you up from and on Marshall ma
hsiao and Morris I mean my only hope
there is the fact that he's got Ramsay
he's a load of wank in and going arsenal
fans come at me
steals your dog a DI ah here weak you
know what yeah I don't know if I'll even
pick up by the mic but I'm sure I added
in some faker crack crackle crack sounds
here we go
I don't know how good this guy is hello
as I is as P mate is just so freaking
good he can play for both teams well
finish that finish that finish up boom
Staffie is that is that really all the
power you have in your net Danny you
have more in your foot what are safe
you're right Jagielka why are you there
yeah what Kane just finish that please
thank you I'm getting faith in Kane now
the thing guys we're in Division five
like I'm not celebrating goals that much
although if it's a very hard game I will
or if Alex hunter scores then I will
answer
look at that footwork go on son go on
boom oh that's a seven and a half get
back and the five get back already
go on K gone cat ref ref ref ref how do
I know he was gonna score go and now
that now that tide is gonna turn hunters
to hunted through go on wait rope oh oh
you've been done you got done so hard
mate right in the bum hole and you still
managed to tackle or save it at least
come on I need a third goal before he
gets too cocky he plays it around very
very well it's just a little bit gone
tackle block blah blah blah blah blah
you a little you're curious you just
saved my life
Oh hunter for another seven nah go back
I shouldn't have gone hi should I hear
one alright ready
down the line got possible and Hunter
boom done to seven-and-a-half k-pax one
5k pack this is the destruction let's go
one more goal from someone else
it's literally like this guy you know
what we still want to get a goal with
Alex hunter if possible go boom ah it's
like this guy literally he just does
everything so early but it's like
impossible not to read it shit off
no your actual no no no what was that
touch widely do my days this is actually
gonna be a stressful match it shouldn't
be at all but it's not that hard it's
not that hard
and I just can't squash on
that's so hard I'll go and call back go
and call back you know what passing it
wait no Oh No why did it go to him it
should have gone the whole way across I
mean I should get another chance based
on how this guy plays because it plays
so fast
there's no way Danny drink water and
don't have any water anyway so he went
school go on gone cane cane please kick
Begley's I've hit that low and I
shouldn't I permission her should I go
on go on Danny
go on Danny what the Freak is up all
right hunter Oh
that's the hat trick Vance that's a
promo pack there are actually promo
based at 25k
okhane sue came through okay you know
what thank lo yes there it is he gets
seven and a half K PI and a 25k pack ah
is he gonna quit is he actually quit we
got with us like six minutes left
why are you making a subnet two subs
right why I was he just barged his way
through like how did he gain into that
position I was he still got the ball how
how was carrier saving this and I don't
even carry us haha I do I did there
sounds like care there it is all right
25k pack and a seven in the whole caper
I'm actually excited now because the
packs we've had so far I've been rubbish
and as I said one point away from
promotions the next episode we should
get the title here we go marci out what
are you gonna bring me what are you
gonna bring me 150 points please we're
not even getting a rare how is that
possible how am I getting this many are
my days sure we'll just take the coins
and you look he just disappeared when
we're back up to five almost six
thousand coins and now we get the promo
pack 25k here we go come on come on
please please that's so terrible wow I'm
actually amazed by that really awful is
that Bell I don't know what you guys
want to do want to get a Spanish league
sight I mean we could still use another
set of mid to get rid of Colback because
he doesn't actually fit in the team's up
to you let me know keep liking each
other comments it's going really really
well in terms of comment liking and all
that stuff so keep doing that jazz thank
you guys for watching and please
you
