okay yes I haven't showered or done my
hair okay I'm gross face the facts but
50k pack lightning round
boom we are the way there are people of
group stages that there's blue go we are
one straight away it's fire it's Jacob
what's yours we actually got one your I
would say oz let you saying I swear I'm
not gonna get one oh check on my
buzzer and marshy out you can go those
all make the rest en yo we actually go
blue we got Jaco in our first pack come
on please please
okay that's not good that's not good to
not walk out if it's not walking and
it's not blue I'm moving on quick and
yes I saw the rash foot okay I'm putting
him there too okay well I just wanted to
get a blue I've already got one so I
could just stop now no I'm not gonna
stop by my now I'm opening another
oh it's a big planet inform its those
here we got this rifle the star jump
course
so there's still 20 thousands of these
bad boys and all that stooge is another
in form to another inform it who's up to
you for now
who I don't I don't know who any of the
informs are these days I mean I can't
complain can i I open like seven pack so
far I've got two informs I've got a blue
and now I get Patrice you know what
let's get a legend
boom this is the legend joke no guys
freaking tiny actually me what do you
want I don't want to know what you're
saying what stop texting me come on all
I want saw a big one big big does that
say big big
come on I swear you had a couple hits
like ten years ago and they should
disappear okay we'll take a little more
with us nothing fun in a while since we
got anything good yeah we're down to the
last ten thousand there were 30,000 when
we start big big come on come on look so
what what is that weighs up to get ways
that all Santas cost okay okay I think I
know last seven-and-a-half thousand come
on give me one now now that I know what
I'm looking for really for roots oh I
thought it was gonna be Sanchez damn you
Casteel Babu you I'm getting informs as
long as I haven't got the info on before
I'm happy but we are running out we're
down to the last three thousand we have
done 27,000 I suppose just it's a brute
please Boris
for us one of the sick ones as well
oh my things ma res you beautiful man we
will look at him afterwards but now
we're getting more Go Go Go Go Go come
on fun come on come on come on come on
it's a big play after noon fall
it don't take a glint I get 86 rated ah
what I mean those 50 K packs with goodie
yeah double learnt you the wings back
you always get the worst ones it's
ridiculous look okay well not the worst
ones normally I get like 80 ones and
stuff I've got both of them already two
hours late tail literally just about to
go and now there are 100k packs and
again still not washed oh boom inform
straight away and it is shift one I'm
not stop it I'm not no no I'm not
stopping for this one come on please
give me Oh will do good Louise no this
is baby song gone oh my days I'm
actually so gassed and Smalling as well
I will look all 84 girls other isms what
adder is got Morris we've got Jack oh
that's the other one we all AIDS we all
leads that is blue it's not we are late
we're late we legs and yes that was an
attempt of a Yorkshire accent come on
come on hog ball come on come on oh oh
we got another bloke who's that oh no
it's Gillian or 85 rated you know what I
will take you to still a blue and a cane
as well win an ESCO that's a big horse
that's a big balls
it's a big flare
it's children it's not German that's
embarrassing
this is the broken Wow I saw colors yeah
Brian we got a walker and an in-form
we got okay I know I've already got him
but we'll take it first actually 20,000
of these with all this what wait what no
no no no no there was a flu flare
there was a blue just be good to Billy
and an in-form come on update the store
come on oh my god oh my god oh my god
the store is not available how can you
know no no no no go back I have all the
team let me and let me into the freakin
store back and I'm stronger than ever
boom let's go get out my way get out my
way it's a blue strike away please don't
be Julian oh god not again
I mean I'm happy he's a blue but I've
got him again we just got him ah give me
a big big big big blue blue we got a
blue in the walkout no it is oh okay
it's not a walkout bug under gun you
mentioned was that back to back cuz I
just made about that was oh no are we
going odds Castillo as well no I will
take that's a solid pack wall that's a
big left
oh is it in poor man a blue
okay get Lamar again I'm really going
once and and Kimmage think there's still
a lot of these packs left and sonic boom
boom boom oh we get you Michael I know
he's only 84 but I am fix that boom show
Michael hi as good as this is all right
leaves are still losing I'm not happy
about it that's not and that's not
improving my mood Conor playing car Oh
inform okay now with that please I hate
you I hate you ei how many times are you
gonna get his ashes even a striker he is
a striker Wow again oh my days three
times I've got Lamar Wow Wow oh come on
give me bigger blues but bigger blues
what am i oh no bigger flares 87 nope as
long as they're there gotta be open
about you know what it worked better
when I'll sit you down the way to do it
has just become are now we're getting
informed now again and left yep
fourth time's the charm Castillo ah Lee
come on come on okay there's actually
Sonny religious cuz I'm gonna run out of
points again I'm gonna get run out of
points it's not even like all right
there's no pause I've barely had I had
one pause I think the whole time I need
big flares to tell me I'm a big man this
weirdly means a lot to me the size of
the flare reflects on the man that's a
big flare that's a big flare and know
it's Matt Oh Edie
just want to end on something good if I
can just get one good card now to end it
everything it'd be amazing
oh okay oh oh okay that's one I haven't
got before I will actually take that car
Valley or 86 I will take that's a good
car
oh and Dante okay okay okay okay now you
know what I'm happy with that I can I
can end that happily oh my god there's
still more and a mountain and it's a
time flare see oh we got one more oh oh
and it's a blue little blue it's it's
it's a baby nice little InFocus Theo
again okay so we ended with a blue now
I'm gonna show on cleanup this
to a beautiful butterfly if no thank you
guys watching and peace
