mm-hmm Joe Christmas center no as well
pretty nice and close it is that big
Lynette then they gently bit smile then
while that young ghazals going on and
welcome to the idiot test young ghazals
going on walking to the idiot test
christmas edition basically what we're
doing today is I'm gonna ask these two
questions seriously
I'm Allison these two questions that
they should know the answers to and if
they get it wrong there will be a
pendulum
every time they get a question wrong
they're gonna get one of these
sellotaped
to their heads yeah she look like a
Christmas tree there's only one way to
decide who goes first
yes Santa what's team jack voila
chicken jack water so do you wanna go
down this lessons only one dude yeah
I'll take it first
yah I'm laid-back though I'm comfortable
to just run I get that brand-new head
proper leg on me Ted you know the tuna
it has that gold yeah these are just
questions from web saveloy so don't
judge me all right other questions ride
you till now yes do they have a fourth
of July in England yes oh my god no I
think he's in India
I think you failed idiot devs already
that's correct
what do you mean love we've been on the
celebrations I'm gonna sprayed separate
hahaha I get me other videos do they
aside how many birthdays yep does the
average male have
yeah some months have 31 days okay so
yeah
how many have 28 oh they all do ah who
knows that's correct why can't I get one
of these ahead but how do they work 28
what you mean is that there was a whole
literally eight days ago yeah a woman
gives a beggar 50 cents yes he'll change
enjoy chasing them yeah a woman gives a
beggar 50 page fuck you don't is a
riddle I know I'm sorry but the beggar
is not the woman's brother how come it's
not the woman's brother its doorman
sister she's woman I just had to piss on
you like a chocolate your earring misty
you want to actually stick up my ear
good you're just horrible you don't know
this lady's my pen for earrings on there
we go I wanted to sit back and be an
idiot why can't a man living in that
America living in the American Indian a
girl is dead and can we set a fix you
lasted questions about why can't a man
living in the America yeah be buried in
Canada so what is your answer no no he's
living he's alive that's correct
good is it legal for a man in California
to marry his widows sister it's legal
no it's not he's dead if it's his good a
sister Oh
guys you should cut it cut right carry
that people now let me start though oh
just pull me up what CT matchbox know
like I can see my video oh my god
yo girls I don't know it girls or boys
open but the real MVP yeah you're mad
yeah okay Josh yeah how many outs but
what's how many outs are there in it oh
okay that's the weird one
how's their enemy what can we say that a
study there none is wrong
yeah no great yes yeah hot date some
form is wrong I didn't know I've taped
it sick 160m to do for me Ted how about
you boy good how about you - hell yeah
see John have you got a tea bag ball
here at the I'm working on Ethan we have
a simple math equation
oh haha divide 30 by 1/2 and add 10 do
it so we need to know Ethan faulty a
hard drive which means you're 40 and a
half from the words i dollars ever
supported this time that you were saying
let me see I was even gonna say 25
that's one of the answer before you try
to good to me cuz it's all you like but
you divided by a half but you buy a half
so that you know yeah I don't yeah okay
so that is it this is Reverend
bring our little so what is y'all gonna
go with 25 ladies you know what sixty
times a half each and I think you look
very nice
Josh yeah how far can a dog run into the
woods
yeah I'm not ready word your time I'm
gonna be covered with the whole box that
I don't get it but you Eve it's exactly
run into the woods come on Josh I know
the glitches your mind
how could darling no he'll run into them
I might wear a tease right now oh shit
they're kind of dog he's got one run
into the garage or as long as the woods
go if he gets her out that's the only
thing right oh let's stop taping the
answer is he can run halfway in why
because then he's running out of the
woods wait in the distance on the
fucking woods oh that's why I was
Hodges I got a copy halfway but you know
you're running out of words don't you
know you got your vendor words all right
you have to memorize your table eating
locally you're taking too much yeah I've
actually got glitter in my eyebrows
victory with rappers just something
you're ready to get it ready
get up already a worker a worker in a
butcher's your butt just is 5 foot 10
yeah what does he weigh he waited on a
piece of meat about my yeah how many
animals of each sex your Moses take on
the ark how many animals of each set of
each set did Noah take on the ark I mean
animals we've said how many how many
animals of each sex
Moses taking me off I do it these videos
what I'm doing over well I'm going to
get this fuck baby that's just excessive
is about email yeah also other things
down some agendas whatever fish the
continue to try to find another hug if I
loved what head was what a Bible so I
did spy cyber line runs binary trees to
go to you you know
so Moses took two of each sex yeah no
fucking this mark Moses of Noah yeah oh
Jesus I said it sir my forehead why / -
I'm sorry you and David need to know
that big media event shaking I'm in and
I come the whoring farmer has 17 sheep
Amit's has 17 for father has 17 farmer
has 17 she planned all but nine died how
many of those please oh it generally
doesn't over the world
knife is not a butcher 7900 you have it
I know it is 9 yeah because idiot 6 12
13 - my looking of jumpy - mine is a
video a doctor gives you three pills
telling you to take one every half hour
how long do the pills loss to give you
three terms Jersey to take one every
half hour our conjoined you guys think
yeah are you saying how long pills last
I've had a nurofen oh it might last what
for no no it's now long until the pills
run out 90 minutes now ha so wrong yeah
that is wrong you know you should he
doesn't know I'm good we don't sing at
all because you do it weighs zero I did
so well if I get this next one right I'm
so happy because I know that I'm an
idiot but that actually to be found may
by simplicity of it again exactly this
isn't good heavy entire that's why I
came over here suck another Brady's out
a man builds a house rectangular in
shape all sides have southernxposure
a big bear walks by what color is the
bear and why he's big he's got brown
because it's a bear the answer is white
because southernxposure cuz you're in
the fucking and Tartikoff arctic you're
at the North Pole
many the happy
you're locked in a room a lot for the
room you have one match there's an oil
burner a lamp and a stove which one do
you like first you like the bitter yo
yes like the best herb I'm gonna read
your little sister I want a lot of it I
might keep match people to have a good
nose in cyberspace leeward fifo I
haven't got like what are you lighting
for I've got like it burst I don't know
anything
oh good I mean what's that no my line
and match first yes you know you fucking
idiot lame my ball
Oh watch this kisses it helps you look
very pretty
yeah I'm like I prefer yeah it's mine
just got antsy I cannot let you in front
of the front I know what that means
well if you get this right you win are
you betting my hard one two men play
five games of chess each man wins the
same number of games but there are no
ties explain this is the question I
don't know
you don't know just say because it as
many of the answer is they weren't
playing each other but both played 5k so
this happens we get a little bit too
comfortable now luckily for you even
it's sudden death oh don't don't
how sudden death is gonna work is I'm
gonna ask one question
and whoever says the answer first
despair word means but if you say more
than one word you're out with your mama
let me just have buzzer so if there are
three apples and you take away - how
many do you have three apples
oh yeah one apples well you play bastard
haha
guess again one sample paperweight
well that's part wasn't it spice you're
both wrong guess again as you did a
question again there are three apples
you take away - how many do you have
oh yeah which means that up comes a
specimen I won an idiot Terry winner of
a lot medical I uh suppose again but is
making point on is amazing otherwise
that others do this I can't see shit
you ready I can't see me so fun
merry Chrismukkah are you actually
doubly that's a nice offer today Ethan
is the winner
josh is the winner kind of a winner but
uh yeah that's all for today we are
going to do videos on both of their
channels to me ah I'm gonna shuriken we
are gonna do videos on both the channels
to make sure you check out their
channels in the description below and
subscribe so you know when they are out
thing guys for watching and please oh
you are no just a yeah say yeah oh my G
