okay welcome to another one word
interview I am joined by another two
sidemen Toby and JJ why are you why
wheeling that Wow what what you mean
what's going on you can see what's going
on
you had other side men to choose from me
you chose us to ones in a sling and ones
not here but you're not my last choice
okay so if you don't know how this works
I'm gonna ask you questions you have to
answer it with one word only because I
just don't want to hear that much from
you are we intimidating you right now no
really
no I'm where I've got even behind the
camera some fun okay the first one JJ at
what point did you realize you're gonna
beat Joe Weller struggling that lay
somewhere don't work punch punch punch
okay you two have a fight who'd win
laughs that was the easy part
who would win you can save me or him I
don't know so one of us is black at
least one way please one word please
who'd win in a fight between you two me
why with the power was it hood we're now
beauty and why me and why brains
what is your favorite thing about saving
nose what is your favorite thing about
Jay Jay what is your favorite thing
about me like
good figure is what he said get ten
years and we've moved forward in time
YouTube's finished what are you gonna do
after it start with Toby sleep that's it
okay okay bored you know gonna do porn
during YouTube maybe you're gonna go
strictly porn after how do you describe
your sex life explosive sound good okay
exposure is like can I say the p-word
sure alright I go in in the pussy but I
didn't expect that to be the word what
other P what is there paper mache
beating up and blowing that was very
different you beat up Joella you didn't
blow him up describe yourself please
Hamid this goes one way please please
he's not involved he can you can say as
many words do you want that's your word
brother describe yourself invisible what
hahahaha see you Toby
what is the most important thing in life
family JJ what is the most important
thing in life P pussy yep yep expected
that did you got one of the guys did you
talk one word one word that's a word
what family family family and family
care we get it
pussy describe your perfect day
breathing what's wrong with that baby
describe your perfect day fun yes I
don't want to hear from you that's why I
did one word okay let me just fucking
fight you right now one books and blow
me up alright you can time travel to any
time place sing event whatever where are
you going just say one word come back to
me boom you could go anywhere in the
world any time in the future in comes
past and you go to your mother's vagina
why is it that one was explosive boom I
go in the room where I explosive them
David Concepcion he'd go back and stop a
genuine real-life cock block you're
standing in front of Jake pool right now
what do you do avoid okay oh I wish is
that screw that would have been good for
mark shit wait you know okay what would
you do good choice
I'm gonna take those two words that's
not I'm gonna say is do it okay no no
please no can I not you can talk I know
your coins entirely I said knockout
that's what that word say is to else to
see is to think of something else
one word please kik-kik yeah you're a
boxer have we just confirmed right here
right now chaos IV take more than that
punched in obviously John no one way
it's Ross one word one word uppercut one
word that's one word it's more like what
okay how are you answer okay why is it
as soon as he comes
where can you download five in much
internet is smart yet online penis why
can you download why I'm just saying if
you find your way to my penis so I think
Harry ruin this fine before that
actually what's your own yeah this is
good on me bro
I like this
