yo guys what's up welcome to another
FIFA video now this isn't the series I'm
sorry that is quite hard to do because I
need to get a football pitch I will try
and like mass record the intros so that
I don't have to wait so long but now we
are doing a side menu off now I know
what you're thinking like where are the
rest of the side Bend nope they're not
coming here that was yeah you thought
they were gonna appear on that click
didn't you we have pre-recorded them
saying three numbers obviously it
changes who I'm gonna get I will go
through e to the Simon so be like Vic
first Harry blah blah blah and I will go
through them they'll choose three
numbers and that will be the player I
have to have we start a draft I get to
choose the formation this isn't anything
to do with you know what 43 I like four
at the back let's go for three three oh
I'm gonna pass over to vikkstar123 he is
first up one alright so Vic has gone one
I can see where this is gonna go but we
get lost then we got we got a legend we
got an icon let's go right wing I feel
like I know what makes gonna say for
this - oh he's done well he's done very
well ok 3 I hate that guy
ok number 3 no I mean Coutinho we're
going for a ppl theme that's still he's
still good I next up we have Harry Harry
don't screw me here since the mid we
saying for number 4
come on o1 cuz all of that ppl perfect 5
uh actually if I do this boom so you'll
notice there are four more side men to
go and there are that that's 12 more
players at 53 that fills the subs and
the rest of the team so I will then get
these choices the last five reserve I
will get to choose them myself and I
will be able to use them saying that I
will have to save the number beforehand
as well and now I know you're thinking
why didn't you just get them to save
four numbers because there's six other
people there's only five reserves so you
know they either all said one more
except one person I was like I don't
want to choose favorites so no I won't
do that I'll take responsibility
next up Toby we send Matt a few words
number two that's not good that's number
five would have been good okay
don't you idiot is he gonna say any
words is my actual question no ok
Portuguese though we could have had
burnout Advan Asia we can add any of
them except sure Luca Luca I say next up
JJ as well he's gonna mess me up here
and here before I mean at least we can
do that and get another six chem six no
that does no that's between one and five
shit three clearly hasn't played much
FIFA number three one we can still save
it Syria and Spanish Ethan you're next
one
Oh Ethan's done me so well that not in
that way one okay yeah number one again
I think I think I can see where this is
going as well
oh why we know why not number three one
none of them really fit that means last
up is Josh and then it's my turn five
tommy was there class five again stop
that's a free choice there's not there's
five people in the draft five again and
apparently fan doesn't know the rules of
this ahead he doesn't play the draft but
she just does foot champs
my god I mean we'll take a lemon or ski
yes I'm gonna be five five and five
again these guys man these guys they
don't just choose three different
numbers one two three four five Ramsey
brilliant I mean to be fair it doesn't
mean I can do this and change all of my
sentiments into that car walker here if
I know if I can get a centre back from
Syria I will change my team drastically
and it will be good ppl left back I
don't know I'm just gonna say number two
good old number four one two three four
I'm Bobby okay number one I mean I got
probably the best out of a bad situation
number three that's all for us oh Syria
though and I'm gonna go five number five
one two three four five okay biani
that's some pace right let me see how I
can mix this team up alright we've got
90 km 83 Reds which isn't too bad my
basic thought is take him off to bring
on
pay then I might bring one lemon Dorsky
upfront then I might have to just play
with this boys all right the one thing I
am gonna choose is my manager I'm
choosing the one that gives me the most
care hey we're going for a de Beauvoir
it's our team done where you got for me
how many icons have you got a 1 Pele
that's I mean that's a pretty good icon
it Messi Ronaldo and Pele that's a
decent Strikeforce that is all right man
like Larsen taking the first touch I've
never tried out Larsen so it'll be a be
interesting this is a very very very
bright pitch this is it's like I'm
trying to lose the ball going to get
such finesse done one nail not too bad
this guy is actually playing playing
around me quite freaking well although I
don't know how he's keeping the ball
like that big tackle
no this guy I need I haven't made my
subs take a touch turn in and for this
what the Frick was that Catina oh wow
and it's Pele yeah Pele a miss that you
know what we need to make these subs
create Oh get off Pepe son who have
taken Larsen off already
okay lemon da skis he's playing them all
around takes a touch he's missed a shot
I feel like Larsen may have scored that
you know oh my god no no no no no no no
no no how how's that work then cuz Leo
Messi
he's freaking got Pele Messi and Ronaldo
up front where am I going pass it pass
it
I literally you saw the bar fill up does
it go oh my god good good he shouldn't
he doesn't deserve it
come on Vaness BOM go there we go that's
so deserved and I have to wait to the
45th bloody minute halftime I mean it's
just frustrating in it I'm doing well I
just can't finish man ting mad sentence
oh my god okay take touch finesse boom
he made a massive massive mistake and I
don't know how I've got there where is
my defense gone this is the problem with
having very low chem defense what's it
in plus it in again plus it in again
oh ma come on come on Clausen show me
why I should carry and playing you show
me why show me why baby
that's why Clausen balao-class them
surely you don't have anyone you can
someone you've used Ronaldo you've used
Messi you've used Pele oh no he just
brings on Neymar as well that's that's
that's fair that's a great draft I got
isn't it I mean
we are playing some outstanding football
outs what are save we're doing so well
right now
Mon a boom that's game done six two game
done on to the second you know what
Ramsey make Ramsey okay never mind
you know what we've won good game round
one done I said my defense is gonna
struggle I mean you've seen seen the
defenders I have and the chem I have I
this guy's got some crazy kit so I feel
like you probably plays fee for a lot
okay name over an hour don't messy fuck
again I'm not gonna be stupid this time
I'm making the sub as soon as possible I
need to change that defender go on
Coutinho back post Larson go done it one
nil done Neal was about safe which needs
take pre Sol for Pepe everyone else
played well last game so I don't
collosum was pretty awful oh dear he's
gonna posit back he's supposed to back
I've read I've read that so well and yet
I've actually got there as well his team
actually can't be stopped that was poor
defending alle bit that oh my god right
now his attack can't be stopping I
thought the last guys attack was good
turns out Pele was actually the weak
link wow wow what this is all going so
well Larson you're coming off a lemon
dose key and you know what Clawson get
off they get off the field we've used
all our subs that's a lies you guys I
don't really have much to say in this
game nothing's really happening I've
been I've been a little bit destroyed
but he's not exactly doing much to me
what's he doing oh my god I don't know
if he did that on purpose
there's no way he could have aimed to
pass that on purpose into me for the
love of Neilson de Nielsen
Danil son whose wealth no what the fuck
what is going on this game is a pinkish
shit I honestly I just I just can't
actually I can't I can't play this guy
like he's sorry plays predictable as
hell but his team's really really good
but I actually can't stop most of it I
see it's freaking awful this game I
don't get yeah and there's another goal
brilliant because my team's fucking shit
he's brought on Vincent Kompany in goal
I've let another goal end wow wow
happens when I go all-out attack
there's one go see if it keeps doing it
let's see how confident he gets the
nests all you gotta do is hit the target
that's another goal okay
two goals if he if he misses about one
more time you know there's actually a
chance that's the game six four
that's bullshit man this guy took the
piss out of me two gold packs and a
jumbo go pack no I'm not even looking at
these I can't I probably asked to look
at them I'm gonna be awful so yep sorry
I can't believe that
nope nothing again what a surprise no
billboard player three rez three rare
nope no billboard either as I said there
are ten of these packs so you know what
just just because I feel bad that we did
badly I'm gonna open these for you Oh
blue come on come on I think the stones
I wanted to actually guys I actually
opened a couple packs before this before
I started this and I actually got some
pretty good players I mean I tweeted
them so flash your picture up now but
other blue Dubai Blues Tosun I mean he's
the same rating as stone striker Benzema
Griezmann know our chimera hoping we can
get one more no billboard we didn't even
get a billboard player and a 50k pack
billboard at least he's not walk out but
86 Ray Bradbury I'll take it on
billboard please Argentinians but I got
aa Accardi 86 red we've got an 86 Ricky
now we need to blue he's a walk out ah
come on give me another blue ending with
an inform German striker okay not any
one piece I'll take you that's all for
today thank you guys for watching if you
have any suggestions of stuff you want
me to do let me know in the comments
down below leave like you enjoyed and
Boop
