I'm ready I'm ready I've got the
freaking hype music on there I've drank
my red ball I'm ready
you know what the top court was it was
do the draft
well actually it was use the draft oak a
bit artistic license so last time it was
a special episode I played against Ethan
and we destroyed his ass kind of now you
guys want me to do a draft since last
time okay I'm just saying we did sell
Kapil HOF Wow for 3,000 since actually
cuz I don't have that many coins now
obviously this means I'm not gonna be
able to use hunter in this game so you
know what that means
back to normal clothes lads not using
hunter I'm not wearing that we have our
draft attempt yes we yet we know how to
do we know how to do it we know how to
go away
yes okay um you know what just cuz it's
a special episode I'm gonna be showing
the whole thing I'm gonna do the drop if
I win the draw and I'm showing the
entire draft kinda like that four five
one attack I kind of I like that I don't
know why I like it are we gonna get do
you really like Messi you know what
sorry sorry everyone sorry but Guerra
everyone wants to punch me in the face
right now but you know what I decided
that I was gonna go with him because
then we can go with matter we go for a
BPL tip this is what I want our team to
eventually look like foshan maybe I made
a mistake by going BPL oh okay this
could change the whole thing you cuz
thumbs League I seem I think is the most
likely one to happen can you Philip Lahm
Philip nah yeah Karl Walker look this
ain't going too well guys this team is
not going too well okay well there's the
Bundesliga player I wanted ish really
won you know what I mean there's the
Bundesliga player I predicted and
members Liga come on give me a
Bundesliga plan out little bastards
you know what Mangala hopefully we can
get like a Jordi Alba no this is
horrible the Danny Rose welcome to the
team one we need a BPL player now Hyatt
sterling is good inform Pyatt I'm taking
it but Ethan I'm taking him just the eat
that screw it proto just I don't think
anyone else picking boys so you know
what we do we need a goalie please oh
okay no one in the Bundesliga what else
do we have hard - or do we risk it and
go with we're gonna go for you and go
that's not even safe is it hate me all
you want
we're going off a trap and then trap and
go there yes a bit of chemistry now if
we can get a Bundesliga let's set the
back just legal man
what do i do not Nestle in the Spanish
one we're gonna take a Marcelo we just
have him as a nice little backup that's
what we want I am a horrible at building
jobs this is why I don't do it that
often we actually could have done so
much better than this we're only 80 chem
we need a right mid or all damn it guys
fuck that I can actually got a league
ascent on their team by now live with
what we got would take a bell or a B no
no no ok actually you know what
I could take McCarthy or we take us a
soaked oh I'm sorry McCarthy Anders at
no it's that clever yes that is clever
that is that is clever I'm struggling to
see straight whoa how did they all come
at once
it's gonna be one of these two in it
Robin or event could fit there you know
what Neymar snail although any Neymar
his name of got argue with that fat guys
Neymar is named up oh my leg across the
earth till uh till we get a William and
a silver Sania five afraid whereas that
would be a seven afraid you know what
hurts arm or maybe only I had I can
write back in the Bundesliga my team
would be done oh now you for nine for
the world you know what I made just play
but Regas me I know for deploying its
deploying but screw it guys I'm all
about testing things ok I'm all up don't
give me a write back now that's fine
they're all rubbish
let's go this is the last one we get a
Castro take a Castro right let me work
my magic it is done look at this - oK
we've managed to make something out of
this we've got like a German side with
you know a Bundesliga link and then a
BPL side mixed in with the German side
only player I'm not really sure about is
this little task e over here could
potentially just bring Mangalore and
straight away for him and then I've
still got Marcelo and Neymar to bring on
I think I'm good here guys something
good he's got a rainbow kit I can't
remember how you got the rainbow kid Oh
what is that about
actually you know what 88 chem I got
this but the first time ever I've worn a
jumper here like since school times why
am I talking about my jumper right now
come on all right let's go no no no
comon come back here come back here come
back here okay you know what no don't
get him he's gonna cross it he's going
to cross it he's going to cross it
oh yeah yeah you didn't know where I was
going did you think yes going up so I'm
still he dived far man ha ha ha ha did
it he's good far man through the middle
you're completely through construe
please oh why so hard I don't even know
what foot you are oh oh my god great
turn it Oh
agüero you beaut no no no no no what
it's uh Tzu was straight down his rude
Hallett gullet why am i truck what wait
no wait ref come up please make it so
cool wait why am i what am i do ano
playing through and touch and agüero
come on there is no way an in-form
agüero is missing from about seven
yards I've made it to halftime but you
know what no I haven't made it to
halftime he's made it to halftime
because he hasn't had a shot look at
that I was like a fisting rather right
time for some more fisting here we go
let's come on where's you know I might
have to bring Neymar on that so we play
him in again wait pause it pause it pop
I should have just shot I should have
just shot should not he's actually gonna
win because he's just gonna do one of
these boards and then look he's
completely through yet going he's good
that's a goal there you go look I'm
losing for this I'm losing for this team
I needs to stab you stab dummy you know
what I'm a DAB in his asshole let's go
oh I've been touched
oh trap okay you know what how am I
gonna score I can't score lamb singer
touch please utter oh my god that
doesn't make sense that doesn't make
sense
how was he just saved up with his foot
look at this look I passed it there I've
done everything right he's just got the
most ridiculous save till uh till uh
till until please please do yes there's
a goal below ramming you're beautiful
man come on we go in it we need to score
another we need another goal this is the
last chance tap please please please
great tackle that's a goal kick that's
not going up 80
nine-minute are you serious yo just a
front post he's gone front post boom
great header No
close them down close them down it
didn't choose a player he's game it's
ridiculous
why do you score if it's the 90th minute
why does that mean a goal don't believe
whistle do not believe whistle I will
find you if you blow a whistle come on
that's I'm on the attack I'm on the
freakin oh I'm not happy guys I'm not
I'm not happy with that I was gonna just
do one draft I was hoping you know at
least get second round should at least
have two games in this didn't even get
two games draft oh compact but you know
what that means guys yeah that's right
redeem a few moments later okay so I'm
having another go I used another draft
token which we had I know sorry don't
hate me on that this is the team were
using now you probably wonder was that
striker doing that boom will be changing
right now doing pretty damn swiftly or
we have a Milano and a Matsui Deana
Marcela the year we are put on the left
mid at left-back but you know what I
could work on a blank as fast let's go
I'm not lizard in first round again hold
Renato Sanches mixed in with that team
you serious like we have done so well in
this series and I'm just gone and lost
what where's fighters I'm probably gonna
lose again now who knows maybe we can
make him rage quit that would be that
would be a nice achievement when meta
wait a second with ten minutes in now
I've got ran out on the pitch what's
going on all right now we could oh my
god oh my god oh my god yeah you think
I'm turning in yeah I'm not what Rick
really Ronaldo when I try again you want
to try again alright alright bail gone
bail that's what you should be doing
Ronaldo look like this ready ready oh oh
oh that was a pen that's a pen no no no
no no no ref ref you must be mistake
that's a foul apparently go on take a
touch to the touch right bender why have
I passed it in why am i trying so hard
for an outdoor goal alright last chance
last chance come on there we go we keep
going our way keep going out what he
knows no he knows why do I keep trying
to go back inside get off okay get one
last chance this is it we pass in pass
one more take touch guts up nope you
don't want to school I'm destroying him
this is exactly the same as last time
medley I have got a goal the same as
last time oh my god oh my god kind of
play a cup cut a blank up wait take such
and bring he's gonna try and turn in
though he's trying to turn in I've read
that no no
your first time shots in this game just
don't work this guy's playing like some
foot champs game or something because he
is trying his hardest what what
what I'm gonna lose just Pepe gets that
as a girl don't get me wrong this guy is
good and everything but if he's no I
should I should be win it was his first
shot and it was a deflection I don't
know if that even counts as a shot there
we go no I'm not letting you do the
parsing technique I'm not letting you do
the parsing technique I'd rather you
scored a good goal no I wouldn't I'd
rather you just didn't do anything jump
yes okay this is actually it is this
last chance this is this is his last
chance you know I'll take foul I'll take
about I will take I will take a foul
that's okay I want it found
I'll take a brilliant tackle run run run
I'm going to be a bastard and just keep
it in the corner I'm sorry I'm truly
sorry yes we roll it through the first
round which is gotta be like some pro or
something Oh Ronaldo and Neymar okay why
am I playing at five years and all the
hardcore players are out what is this
pitch look look at this pitch what am i
witnessing oh god son cancer good sir
good gotta go - please please
okay you know what it might already be
it might be even out of time already
yeah it's ran out of time this is some
nice play you know what that's um that
was some nice play for Dow please can
use someone just score damn it i bend up
pass it pass it across pass it back all
right and then take such pass and bang
go that's how you do it that is how you
do it I mean when I do score it's
normally quite a nice goal oh ho ho good
sir
pen no all right just did get a bang
you just tackled each other I'm pretty
sir and you just tackled each other guys
your run run come back I'm only winning
one no I don't want anyone bands I don't
want that I don't want pants I don't
want any bands Ronaldo I want to just
win oh here we go this is it this is it
this is it got and then Oh done Ronaldo
to nil halftime done I'm actually trying
so hard guys cuz I eat someone shot just
don't want to lose again
Wow Wow I'm gonna do reckon he needs to
quit it's not playing please quit please
please just save time save my time yes I
know some of you're probably thinking
like does that not mean a pact because I
got a ragequit but no that was only with
the team with Hunter it alright semi
final this is the game where if Oh sugar
that team is actually mad but he's got
fellaini so I'm guaranteed a penalty
yeah let's go then bro let's go let's go
okay here we go here we go here we go
here we go guts er guts off what up in
it what a goal I'm only four minutes in
and I'm already winning wow wow wow wow
okay fair play mate fair play we are
pinging it about there's been some good
gold like that salivation actually I
like that I want to put one out of one
haha
why is Fellaini actually good in this
game oh oh go and bail but where is the
follow up come on run run bail it's a
big touch it's a big touch yeah you
think I'm turning back but I'm not oh
it's just stupid haircut it's your
stupid haircut if you had a normal
haircut that would have gone in science
it's proven this is it 45th minute
45th minute can we come we do something
here come in I've laid it off Ronaldo
goo goo goo goo goo goo goo okay okay
toss it why have I passed it like the
finish it finish there's too close again
I'm dominating again dominating doesn't
mean shit if you don't win there's
another corner 50 me nicely another
corner could do me no what what what
what just don't know how you did that
but I will take you as I say and earlier
when I do score they're normally nice
goals yeah go phazon a little run here
bails on a little run bails on a little
run smashes it across Bowl three one
surely that's game just defend now Simon
defend well and I've won one more goal
would be very very tasty you know
chances are chances wow wow wow wow wow
yeah you know what I claim and complain
I've had some very little dogs I mean he
thinks I'm playing it around the back
but I'm really really not I'm actually
you know I'm actually scoring another
goal bit Gump lamb and one more there we
go 5 - ok now I can definitely say we're
into the final and we've done it we're
into the final on our second attempt I
know the first ones I have been playing
for so long we have one final game this
is a very long episode of hunting we
will go
last episode was a special episode this
episode special ops a it's just
Christmas in it I just got I just got do
some special episodes for Christmas
let's go fine or let's go beg please be
rubbish I mean the team is amazing the
things very please just be rubbish just
just a ban so here it is guys the final
get that I even Brit I did bring another
one here we go the final game of the
draft see this is why I like having him
as a left back because he can just
charge up the field he can just just
charge and then he can charge and then
he could he can you know what he's are
five minutes in we've had a chance he
had his chance it's got that maybe I
would have changed my mind probably no
oh he's already one day lot Oh is he no
he's not good at little joke at this
look how the future is actually coming
into his own this game Bank
good effort the doubt Oh hold the phone
yeah I need my ronaldo he's gonna he's
good yeah it was always gonna go for
that one eek
yeah now here we go there we go no pass
it back take a touch Bundy he should
have really dribbled in leverage let go
should have taken another touch in and
then shot me and make up for it please
please make up for it pal oh that wasn't
it was going to Paulo oh renowed oh you
just need to stop the sub goal there we
go I'm losing the final his attack is
just so good oh go on Paulo you know
what your legend god fish it bail bail
come on all right there it is halftime
one-nil down maybe maybe we do need to
make some changes although I'm
dominating again you know what
Vestergaard I'm off and Marcelo is gonna
go there and then Matsui he's gonna come
on instead of bender yeah matter we've
you might have that slight edge he's got
the stamina Oh bollocks he's brought on
Renato Sanches oh the like the lag the
lag there was some lag honestly honestly
there was lag I can't defend that when
there's like admittedly very good finish
why was the lag there come on please
please please
Ronaldo why does this one work why does
it why is his run out a better than mine
you know what guys I mean we have
nothing to lose right now do we so we're
going we'll go attacking for now you
know what all-out attack with nothing
nothing to lose he'll probably score
again but we have nothing to lose right
now Li's how do i how do I get through
here how do I get home doesn't hop
I haven't felt like I deserve to lose
this at all I just I just feel like I
can't do much all right I think you're
safe to say now that I have lost now
it's in the 85th minute it's it's yeah
it's the time it's gone it's a final we
got to the final I think that's all
right go on let's see if we can get a
nice one going good Marcelo go too late
it doesn't make difference ah I can't
believe it I can't believe it - one
that's even worse tea fair wasn't even
scores two losses in one episode I know
we got three wins first two losses
go and give me something good please
please give me something I can go okay
great I mean we get one of these which
is what we get for a normal goal anyway
without it's on time we get a me I can
use or something I can sell no rubbish I
mean it's just more players isn't it I
mean he'll sell if 1500 kind of thing
and now the rare gold patent signing out
for today on this Christmas special even
though I will be uploading more before
Christmas
these aren't real names but we get a
load of contracts Fitness's we have
eleven thousand coins guys let me know
who to buy I haven't got a left-back
still I've got Julia but we don't have a
BPO left bye let me know - bye thank you
guys watching and please
