hi again it's me come on in I didn't
trust JJ to hold my camera Cena yeah
thanks Josh okay now I actually do need
to stop this you know copy writing back
okay okay hi guys welcome to my room
slash setup tour this is my magical and
let me just see myself yeah I've shown
you guys in vlogs and I've shown you you
know various things but this time I've
tidied nothing on the floor nothing on
the couch so tidy I actually love this
room so much and it's tidy although that
bulb needs to be fixed because right now
I'm missing a lot of light see this here
this little gap yeah that shouldn't
actually be there fixed every time I'm
playing a game and I go up to hit
something I end up hitting that let's
start from the beginning first there was
God now okay okay though and I mean like
you know the dots when you go in this
room you have you know these these nice
little wardrobes which you know I have a
lot of clothes a lot of clothes that you
know you know yeah it's clothes in it
woah they are my PCs and I may be
working on a boot collection video which
won't just be you know like here's a
pair of boots is a pair of boots they're
not even boots well that's that's that
done that's that corner down here is my
you know my randomness so here we have a
nice little Santa suit for some upcoming
videos that I'm working on we have some
merchandise that I haven't opened yet
because I only got it today that's a
looks like animals have some criminal
damage we got a box we got the boots
we've got the coke esports package we
got our casting couch on top lifetime
supply of KFC but yeah you know I'm
gonna be I'm gonna be responsible gonna
be thoughtful gonna share it around so
if you meet me near a KFC ask me and you
know we'll go get some together then we
have the couch and honestly it's not a
casting couch I know
it looks like it that is a mad Carsten
couch that is my old laptop full of many
many many viruses this is my new laptop
so smooth
clean because I haven't painted it with
my evil ways that basically is a laptop
I got from PC specialist it's like the
sickest thing ever is it like almost as
good as my computer no it's closed
obviously it's a lot smaller so can't be
as good and we got the sidemen backpack
there's nothing really in there because
I used it carrying my laptop to Jersey
just whatever the backwards land they
will the same God it's going to get some
dislikes then we work our way around to
here where we have some of this
incredible fan art that people have made
this actually was from Christmas the
drawing from a Henry Fraser who are into
school with four yeah we are basically
working on getting that stuff pop I want
those to pop up there I want them just
there and then I want these this Pele
sign shot and that Ronaldo sign shot
just there and there and then this one
this Brazil one above my bed there i I
know it's not going to happen
I know I'm too lazy and I'm just never
gonna get around to it so they look good
that onto the bed where the magic lonely
weather whatever yeah they can insert
lonely joke next to it we have a
mini-fridge which is also like a stand
for my controller you know but look at
this look what's in here just got I just
got the drink somehow well now one
Raveena and then we have the actual bed
which is so so comfy like you don't
understand this is so comfortable and
this is the view but this is the view I
have when I go to sleep except you know
I don't wear socks in bed because it's
kind of weird but yeah Xbox there
speaker there TV there boom that is sick
good job me and if we roll this way we
have a nice little stand here where I
have my water in sunglasses which I
never wear and
yeah these these are actual these are
actually lights here this bit here I'll
show you in a second because it's also
on those ones down there and on this one
down here you know what let me try and
show you now oh that's good timing and
12 seconds later okay so I didn't really
get this one working but you get the
idea with this okay so it looks like
this at night and I can have all of them
go in the same color you know I can even
have a party light back on
whoa see what I mean my room isn't
actually much different when the lights
are fully on I mean they're not even
fill it there we go moving on anyway
this bit this is a spare GTO making sure
this is the one I was actually using
before I got that one we have a Leeds
pillow which was given to me by Dan
thank you Dan done one piece and then we
have a PlayStation VR which I haven't
currently sell because I don't really
know where to put it you'll see why in a
second but in this package is a load of
games which one of them is a new one
till dawn which is kind of like a
shooting up kind of thing but I want to
do it cuz I are such a big fan of their
first until dawn on my second channel so
I want to do it but I'm you know I just
just need to figure out first then we
move on to here now this stuff is just
my random stop I literally just tidied
my room just for this video and I'm so
happy I did sidemen books we have some
chicken free meals which you know KFC if
you're near me you know let me know and
we have the keys by DJ Khaled which I
haven't read don't we just go load of
stuff which like this you know this is a
so knows I'm currently setting up again
I'm trying to figure out the best way to
do it whether I want it there or
something we've got our silver play
buttons for that is my second channel
that's my main channel I got some M&Ms
with my name on and we be able to see on
I think we're gonna close and we have
our plucks we have the Seidman getting
number one plaque which is awesome so
thank everyone who bought the book thank
you so much because that is that's
insane got the main channel 1 million
there and we've got the second channel 1
million there and that this kills my OCD
look at the difference the difference in
size this is the second channel it's a
little bit smaller than that one and it
kills my city so I can never put them
next to each other I know that sounds
really like ungrateful
Petie but I have massive OCD like I have
to listen to things on an even number
except stuff like that anyways we move
on to the biggest part of the video and
the part that most of you want to see I
think boom there it is that is the set
up now we're going to start over here
dust cloths very important very dusty
we've got some rodelink mics which are
you know some whatchamacallit lapel mics
so that if I am doing a video in public
which I don't really do but if I'm doing
other videos where I need a lapel mic I
have them there this little beauty up
here this baby and also that one over
there is for VR so when I'm doing
virtual reality videos I've done some on
this channel them a lot on my second
channel those are what keep it you know
together so if I'm standing like here in
the middle like that so you can see both
of them that is that's what like senses
me obviously we've got the studio lights
which I kind of uses my main source of
lighting which is really bad is it
really really hot Anker portable charger
which I need a new one actually gives us
a very very old one tripod behind just
because this so this is the view when I
record console games this is the view I
have I say about this close to the
screen and that is how I play obviously
the connectors there which means that
under here are my consoles now please
please please forgive my wire situation
is horrible I know but we have our Xbox
one with the two controllers we have the
PlayStation 4 with one controller there
we also have the 360 which I haven't
even plugged in now because we've
stopped playing it but that is my little
console collection there that's really
nice mozi do you like the perfection of
this fitting in there like look at look
at the margins let that and that you
don't know how happy I was when I saw
that
thanks ali-a by the way for suggesting
this because this is sick so this is the
Canon 70d this is what I use when I
record like actual videos like q and A's
or if I'm reacting something anything
like that and I put this on a tripod
behind there where that camera is right
now with a rode mic on top but I'm not
using that for today I'm actually using
the g7 X mark 2 right now this camera
that you know you're looking through
this is a nice smelly candle just that I
got today so I thought why not these
speakers are I don't actually know what
kind of speak
Savas there's that one there which
connects to that and there's one just
under there which can really see but
they're very decent I wasn't gonna buy
some light I saw cow freeze these ones
and I know they are actually very good
but I kind of moved in with these ones
and I mean I have no reason to change I
mean I'd say this is all right
personally but I'm happy with this this
is this is like there's about half
volume so not too bad
so yeah that's the sound system apart
from when I am publicly recording which
I use these and these are bear dynamics
DT 990 pros now I course I had to read
that as if I know the name of everything
but yet those are what I use also I'm
actually pointed out that this is a GT
omega side venture which is what I
actually use all the time this is what
it gets thrown around the lot that is
that's that's my background but if I'm
recording this way this is my gaming
background okay and if I'm recording a
PC game that's my background which is I
like that background it's a really nice
backdrop so yeah we have that headset
the 990 pros we have that sound system
which I'm sorry I can't tell you what it
is this it's I'm not gonna lie I'm not
gonna recommend it that much it's a very
decent one but it's you know you could
you can always get better
that's that however is genuinely good
the monitors are very good I'll get on
to them in a second the mouse keyboard
and mouse mat is all razor because razor
just you know sick this stuff razor
mouse razer mouse mat and raise a
keyboard now I know I should probably
know which ones they are but they're all
razor and they're all sick like when I
started doing this setup I kind of
thought to myself like I need to have it
how I want it from the beginning
otherwise it will never get done because
that's what happened last time is I just
kind of thought to myself like okay yes
I'll start with this I'll upgrade and it
just doesn't happen so I have it set how
I want it and I can't think of anything
to change you know maybe I'll get a new
one but it'll be the same one just the
new one this is a road broadcast though
which is what I use now I used to use a
triton kunai headset I think it was
pronounced I don't know how it's
pronounced but now I moved on to this I
tried out the podcaster and everyone was
like oh you sound ill what's going on
though I straight away got rid of that
and now I use the broadcaster and no one
noticed the difference so I'm sticking
with that I tested it first no one said
anything and I just use this stand so I
can come you know if it's in the way if
I'm talking over here in just black yeah
so I put it down like that if I'm
recording console and I put it here if
I'm recording a PC game we also have a
lamp there but I don't think I've used
once I kind of bought it just for extra
light because I thought
if I'm recording like a console game I
mean that shows that haven't even
plugged it in now shows how little I use
it nowadays so the last few things to do
obviously there is another light there
there's also a bottle of champagne to
celebrate once I've done this video so I
do after every video I have a bottle of
champagne just to celebrate that I've
done a video well after the three videos
of the day you know second channel as
well but after I've done those three
videos that's when I have my bottle of
champagne every single day so this is
like my little snack corner where I've
got you know Pringles I've got some
soothers and then I keep you know SD
cards here and you know batteries
they're just just in case you know I've
lost anything or you know I need it food
I keep everything there that way I know
it's there and that brings me on to the
final part you know this is the bad boy
that records pretty much all my gaming
videos all FIFA all second channel
videos it's all on this camera obviously
I also have a tripod there as well but
that's a Canon LEGRIA I believe it is
camcorder
I did however buy this bad boy but I'm
still working out how to use it fully
because it's basically a monster
look at this look that is basically the
same as that one except on steroids
because this one does you know like 4k
it does 60fps everything just trying to
figure out how to use it because I used
it once and the file was like 60 gig for
about five minutes and I was like no
computer in the world has been storage
for that so once I talk to someone who
knows more about cameras than I do which
is pretty much everyone I will actually
be using that one and it would be a lot
better then we got the logitech which
everyone uses everyone uses this the
black that's what is for streaming I use
that for webcam sessions I guess Amiga
let's say Amiga not webcam sessions that
sounds weird and then we have the HTC
vive which the controllers are there
which you know self-explanatory put it
on put it on your face hold the
controllers I've already shown you guys
all over myself China's on this channel
as well so you're pretty much everything
covered the main components now of the
entire setup are the monitors and the PC
now these monitors are all Asus the
monitors are all VC 2 3 9h monitors now
yeah I had to look that up
they're all sick they're all you know
they were perfectly working together and
I did buy a mount which I do want to get
to they are floating and I can also move
them around but it's just I've took out
the box and it just just look like a lot
of effort guys simple - and then this
bad boy is the rog swift 27a wanna thar
which it's just like it's 4k that's
really hard to do one-handed but you
know it like turns it does turn fully
vertical this is wasted on me because
it's so sick but it's actually for 4k
games and I play a lot of exports and
PlayStation on there so in reality I
should be playing games on there from
the PC like if I played battlefield on
that that would be freaking insane you
know so like lift it up and push it down
and turn it and yeah you get the idea
and then obviously the three monitor
spare just it's just look look look how
beautiful the setup is like that look so
we've got this one on you know I got
that on and then we've got all of these
and listen to the sound it's just just
stunning is the sidemen PC is you know
Simon as as I've got a stick - you know
Seidman chair slam and this Simon
control does everything built by PC
specialists as so is everyone so is my
laptop actually because that's not just
where we go really and the one thing I
like doing actually I don't know why
because I don't really know much about
it is I can take this off this is the
wrong side yeah look at this ain't any
dope on this side it's a bit dusty cuz I
haven't you know done anything to it
recently all the specs to this are on
the PC specialist website they do
actually list all the specs of the PCs
that we all use we will pretty much have
the same specs so if you do want to know
what specs my PC is and you're like
really interested in that I know the
majority of people that watch the video
won't be that interested in the exact
specs they are all on the website so I
will leave a link to the website in the
description below but yeah that is
genuinely it for the setup the cell is
just this it's what I wanted it to be
obviously there's a couple things I
could work on you know like I need to
get psvr in I need to get those so
they're floating that's pretty much it I
mean everything else here is exactly how
I imagined it when
when I started doing this setup just
completing the room because why not you
know we've got this little corner which
is just my suitcase and then like a
travel pillow and my wash basket is just
that's just stuff you know go away then
we have the drawer door which yeah I
used this for the Halloween video I did
on my channel and then I also used it to
write down the drawer for Bateson's
fatal but yeah that was that's just
going to be known as the drawer door
from now on so that's sticking with that
out here is a small balcony that I have
balcony and in here is my bathroom which
I don't know really why I'm showing you
I'm sure you've seen it in the horror
video but yeah that is pretty much it
you know got a sink got a shower and a
bathroom with a nice boss which I
haven't actually been in yet with the
toilet actually this bad boy there that
little speaker there the best thing ever
so I don't have your winner like me but
I can't shower without having music what
I can't obviously but you know I prefer
it a lot to have music on and this
little speaker this is half volume okay
but yeah Lots is my rental so that's the
entire room that's the entire setup done
obviously adding into too much details
didn't want to make this like a really
really long drawn-out video but I think
I covered it if you do want to let me
know what like what else you want to
know about the room whether you know
there is a certain thing you want to
know exactly what it is or whatever let
me know and I like slowly add into the
description I think I'm done that that's
my rooms I hope you guys enjoyed it I
know everyone has been asking for ages
for a room tour slash cell toric cetera
et cetera but yeah I just want to say
thank you guys for making everything
possible hopefully you guys enjoyed the
video if you enjoyed the setup let me
know as well as I said thank you guys
watching have a good day and oops
