last time on hunting we will go even
bazinga
or whatever your name is I am calling
you out the top comment today was to
play Ethan and his project Pyatt team so
Ethan bring it on
Ethan has responded and not only has he
responded he has come back with fire
saying he will take me on not only that
that sounded weird he will destroy me
something even weirder now we have
played a game on Ethan's channel already
which is going up at the same time as
this one not gonna say who won or if it
was a draw anything you need to go see
it though so make sure you check out
Ethan's channel in the description I'm
going to be using this team with the
hunting we will go team against Eton and
you know it's his little project Pyatt
team compared so we got this all right
let's see the team the famous project
pyre you have a bronze striker what you
done now but that bronze truck is about
to tell you new hole see your two
sentiments and your goalkeeper
are better than mighty but the rest of
your team levels it down to actually see
that Sheamus is gonna tear shame today
you got really vulgar Johnson you're
playing right that issue Cup final
playing in 20 I'm not gonna shaking your
hand right now I'm shaking just to it's
weird if you did because there's
actually no camera good luck in you come
final all we wait why's this Cup final
this is your cup idol
oh I'm hunting we will go against
project higher you can get more comfort
I know right right
Santi Cazorla dog God Phyllis Oh
something us all out to see Georgia you
know the way that my controller set up I
think we need to veto is it yeah yeah
you want to join me to score down golfer
like this maybe I might as well go on
run cane he's a silver how about my days
what do you mean
I mean tarts what's gagging me I've got
silver Nazis running around the pitch a
blood-curdling God trying to defend oh
ah girl out they got me
yeah I don't know that but I don't know
your players I don't know the strings of
rabbits my dad's getting room oh my de
sel
oh my days about how you program why are
you pausing the story moves for love you
do your research and don't mention it
name in your tweets ha ha ha this is
some good play this is good has a cane
has a has up if my planing across there
I think he's finishing it Papa isn't
half the Mandarin girl who can tease
ah stop laughing and filler that's
Alexander talkin to me got nothing
there you go those polygons are serious
Alex oh you can see a sip I'm nice
that's the laughing I'm laughing or you
see that drinks we got play she drinking
it up oh yeah I bet say he's not scoring
on today i pumpers
ah shoosh why did it change your play on
OS photo you've hacked me I'm so dead
I've never played such dead fee from
other hunter is actually better the book
well I'm not talking as ha ha I got back
in well done son oh it's a phone is it
mine oh my gosh wow this is the Bachman
this is Babu very nine yards this is it
all I've got boom plane McGough mate
you're playing cough medicine to fill up
in a full oh darling I on buns drink
some water
no you don't want me to drink oh my god
oh my god oh my god I'm out wide eyed
okay I'll take that ha ha ha ha why
Valerie sees little erases upon merchant
Louisa Teresa's a rebound merchants
don't ever buy him I don't know if I'm
even counselling this towards it why I
get a pack if have hunter scores I'm
just saying you could be a very nice
individual
as a Maserati chair over here this is
almost like what you'd go watch for some
places fuck oh my god son go hug good
now you find it out you fight it out of
it no I'm so go from running out oh come
on I was always going firm
I just needed to get round so I'll go
outside cuz show me why is she show you
here - oh hey the Gila son oh my god you
little hobbit your skirt inside you're
horrible you my god shouting guys oh uh
there's actually little comeback on here
oh no I rub it
who is rub it oh it's daddy - let me -
can't you follow any way know what I
want to turn the console while you dab
it I was trying from yo I've worn it on
tax Oh cuz she only just runs out there
don't don't don't listen I don't fit
you're listenin Kane okay up what Oh son
a pac-man ha ha ha I want it I want it
puzzler
get in this go go what that's it that's
it that's it well done game I'm shaking
your hand
thanks shaking hands now as I said guys
make sure you check out the first leg
which is on Ethan's channel I will leave
a link to his channel in the description
below make sure you subscribe while
you're over there thank you guys for
watching and please
