I'm sorry that was really mean yeah I
got asked to do this by a few people I
couldn't actually find the rest of the
tweets okay I am reacting to Chris cramp
see how to be mini-mental Ethan Vick and
Josh I believe have all done this and
now it's my turn
before we stopping it that does not even
say mini Minter that says freaking mini
mum I can't even read that I mean a star
for effort but actually no you know what
that's a diva phone all right let's get
into the video as I've done videos on
the Zinka video circa of cows ah thank I
thought it was just my I'm JJ so this
will be four steps why is he holding is
Howard Lee then why did he have a helm
on in the first place I'm not Vic I'm
not a freaking window licker helmet boy
I was really me okay you see how this is
gonna go
so step one is that you need to have or
make a world class like the best of the
best and true just like this one you
know his accent is the best thing I've
heard in my life a world class world the
face is the best like I'm through best
just like the best Oh for fuck's sake
why is this black ah oh you know what I
like I like that each oval assume again
you know what if this video gets this
just do something ridiculous if this
video gets like a hundred thousand likes
I will start like the next like ten desk
videos like this kind of video with that
intro except you know new I'll actually
do it again look you may just be talking
your Welli but and then you see their
jaw was just like no no I need to watch
this but I'm sorry well even but not
done buddy as priority 9 enough chitchat
Yuri rat-boy tell us what we have to do
I'm I'm so like my mind is fucked right
now why was he talking to Ali poo he
sounds northern so I can kind of
understand it jeez I'm offending a lot
of people today then what is this what
what is that what is this weird filter
what is that what
I mean it's almost as whether this
wasn't it yeah okay you know what I
digress let's carry on
Oh No if you emotionally cry how good
this is don't worry you're not alone
hi again it's me what how do I even take
one of these
III don't want one anyway why am i
trying to take him frickin virtual
tissue so step two is that it's a man's
blood channel that's it
step one is genuinely just do an intro
that's it
apparently that is that's a quarter of
my entire personality hi again it's me
that is that's a quarter of me he's very
good at kicking the ball on the back
Alon it Oh cross Bart that's not really
in the back of the net but you know what
we'll take it that was against a sumo
wrestler as a goalie so fight it's not
shows you see my name clubs we improve
your point much so don't if you could
bail but it is absolutely free what's
the matter in Zimbabwe I don't know if
you know my BOB way might fall here or
the Kraken cobweb low the sides like hot
weather but anyway bright side
that's the neck that's the only net I
can see right now Dee why are you
wearing the one I have that happiness so
far when your mom so the net is this
blow then that is above it the
basketball net or the net on the
trampoline and I'm wearing a special
bits here I'll see them oh no oh oh
they're not babies all a mess here
the nylons and oh my god the actual
boots crossbar where is the crossbar
where have you what what are you what
are you trying to hit them all the ones
were shut right but this is that this
one here crossbar where's the cry
when it Jason DeRusha stop please what
is happening a lot of people do this but
I don't know you thing or Sisu right
there your ears in the way watchin play
like romantic music I'm genuinely so was
that what was that was that not top
corner well where's the gold explain
where the look so far you have said that
I'm good at kicking the ball in the back
of the net then you have the crossbar
that's not the back of the net that was
kind of swag oh that was actually real
swag I like that if he doesn't now then
our ratings I don't know if that was it
mister we're still going we're still
going to talk with what is it what is it
uh what is happening what what why why
have I done this to myself why I done
this to you guys Chris Chris mark what
have you done
this is we Marlo and money winter what
have you created this is the Maradona
seven okay right foot left foot right
knee left knee no no right left quickly
transition boom this is a mix between
skellige in the village what was that
transition what went through his mind to
get from that to the next screen
I look at skillet skillet in the village
rake oh okay
that's what's up keV apparently that
area is crossbar so if you watch Simon's
take and Channel
mmm seven games go subscribe the
description plug then you realize that
he loves to just consult all our site
men but as they lost the insult all
children it's mainly Josh that you know
whoa whoa I am equally a dick to
everyone okay I do not specifically
choose Josh I am a douche to everyone
fairly if you're if you're thinking what
are you talking about you loser
well usually just suggest that go on a
showcase I didn't have to go make mad
mad
for anything just shut up cuz your pussy
fuck you little creative boy I can't
help it can't create friends low can you
things you carry so handbag shopping
just his channel oh now that one was
good don't don't lie to me again that
one was a sick one that was even beaming
in the first one anyway not me that was
him going shut up Josh so far all I am
is an intro I can kick a ball in the net
which apparently doesn't exist or is a
crossbar I don't know how that's a net
and I insole Josh how do I have friends
ohh oh my god division 6 played one was
hey why is he masked on the bin widely
why is he why has he put this bin why
people think bin in front of it why did
you not just put Josh in the bin hey
guys I come back to my big liver so it's
not Josh division ah you know what guys
I think I think it's time I turned over
a new leaf so I might stop slowing
people ok you know what what you know
what we're gonna do if I'm so mean to
Josh alright you know what we're gonna
do want everyone to tweet Josh right now
right now stop to stop the video pause
I'll give you a second but you need to
know what I'm doing first I want you to
tweet Josh saying have a lovely day yeah
now I fucked up the video cuz it's not
being mean to Josh well anyway he
supports Leeds United no Legion a good
right a good team but I don't support
them and they send me a complimentary
right for the 2017 2018 championship
season so are you ready to see it no but
the copper flag but I Greg here this is
so sec this is my group running on low
budget so instead they're just gonna
bide Chris's it over them there's a
class ring look you see this Chris I
know we went bankrupt but that's about
the bad Chris why why why you like you
you you're the mean one I was mean to
Josh apparently you're being mean to
Leeds you're saying we gotta for more
than a bag as a kid take a look at this
why am i watching my days spending an
elderly oriental man did you that
yes they were some lyrics at the bottom
I messed up that doesn't explain how to
be me I'm so man why am i watching my
day spending oriental elderly man
there's an elderly around so man I think
that makes no sense yeah I know it
looking to see there it's laying less
you know what behind a couple ciders
watching hand an oriental and early man
thought yeah yeah crazy with that he'll
be running every a fuck's sake oh this
Donald Trump's new currencies we bring
in the America sack the door for the
oriental elderly man but and as they
have Donald Trump would one oriental
elderly men in his country have even
stood politics today you know what I'm
just gonna just keep my mouth shut for
the rest of the video and if you haven't
make sure to check out the other site
man tied up if you don't have become
money monster you can become JJ even
calm Josh back or bazinga
they are the vast tutorials on YouTube
on how to become the save man will later
though if you disagree then then you
need to go spend some oriental I learned
man why though fuck was you want to
become no way are being nice no no go
what's the one about Josh it tells you
how to be the greatest human alive
finally always remember the team painter
smashing oh no oh no oh
Chris Chris Chris Chris where do I even
begin with this Chris don't know what
I've just watched
I mean you chose some very random points
to become me I mean I don't know how
accurate they are maybe you guys could
point out some better things or you know
link me to some more how to be mini
Minter's let me know let me know on
Twitter also remember to tweet Josh but
yeah but that's it from Chris cramps Ian
myself if you want to check out Chris
crab see I'll leave a link to his
channel in the description and a link to
that video that's all for today I am
gonna go drown myself in jaffa cakes
because you know I've lost my mind
watching this I mean who cares anymore
thank you guys for watching and peace
