even bazinga or whatever your name is I
am calling you out the top comment today
was to play Ethan and his project Pyatt
team so Ethan bring it on you know once
you get your account back cuz yeah he
doesn't actually have as a County were
hiked in the meantime the top court was
to buy Harry Caine thanks thanks for
that we're gonna buy Harry Keitt another
top comment I know three right crazy you
told me to change the settings so I can
see the players names above their head
so that I can see you know who hunter is
basically I will do that and I will buy
Harry Kane but we did also get a new kit
and the new crest so we're changing our
badge and we're also changing our kits
now we got the kids who got the badge
it's time to get Harry Kane that's like
all my coins we're gonna do it cuz it
was the top comment we have Harry Kane
why do we keep buying strikers so this
is the team we're using that we have
Harry Kane in there the seriously guys I
now have Troy Deeney Musa Perez and Kane
and we move hunters to a striker so I
only have one position free I'm
struggling for sensor mids we don't have
a left back still we have Jordi Alba
we'd have a ppl left man and we are in
Division five we won our first game
hunter go out hat-trick last time but
let's not let's not talk about that Oh
they've gone they've gone it's late I'm
15 seconds late today we go for another
two wins that will put us almost that
safety in the division that's not really
much that can happen so I may need to
get a couple goals with hunter like I
say that like I can just do it easily
let's see your team bro less ok ok ok
he's going in for me oh my day actually
but it seems kind of disgusting what the
hell here we here we go here goes
nothing you know all of that they just
play it about nicely whoa ok that wasn't
very very nice but Harry gained first
touch bangs it off the bar like that
alright where's the run where's the run
go on hurry come playback live through
and pop one that's powerful I don't know
who you are
guys Boggs and blows him down close them
duck okay go on good it'll go away go
away plus it plus it and then where's it
where's the run oh you see that you see
this look at this play look at the play
go and play one more take a such drink
water
happy in schools that I actually have a
water with me yo Hunter hunter hunter
Dada how do you can't freakin hit a ball
normally yeah you know what it is is
that hunter chemistry study maybe
putting him last time right well there's
one pango oh I need to change my
settings don't know that's what I need
to do right now right after I tackle
right after I make a block good block
okay now I'll do it but now it's gone
from the bottom how do I get that but I
want to know their fitness and stuff
that's pissing me off I can't do it guys
I need to know Fitness's I think I've
done it please please please please
please please oh yeah I've done it I did
it I'm proud of me good job me go on
let's get another goal boson for the
double butt oh whoa what pen then we can
get so you girl from Hunter no arrow
it's time back golf done two goals for
Hunter that that's a sit we need one
more and I don't know if there's any
special packs I see when I open this
time Oh they've gone they've got lost
time three Nayla I mean can't really be
going better could it III he's
definitely gone attacking or something
because there was no way he was doing
this beforehand
seriously this guy's is the older
brother technique in it it's the older
brother he's given is given to the
controller to his older brother and his
older brother is now playing on his it
my dad's on my account
but uh get rid get rid of let's go okay
it this is where the pressure is gonna
kick in now to slow it down slow it down
just so he got not not to time waste
just so he can't play his football
brilliant brilliant
close him down son son oh he's not my
son my son what a score oh my god do is
get rid of the pool I can get one more
goal no that is theirs what my diet guys
we were three nail up three nails
this is where he pulls it back this is
where it pulls it look at that do you
see that wise mother I can jump in like
a brain did I stab to me
he's that he stabbed on me guys he's
he's just dabbed on me all right all
right we have a chance Danny Drinkwater
plays it's okay
Caine bye
okay ma'am just called the winner I
should adapt you know what bang I dab in
real life on you yo just make a tackle
just make it nice nice we've got it yes
just stupid dabbing I'm not gonna say
any more some mean words but let's just
leave it as the fact that I won I am the
superior being to him and we did get two
packs for that I'm gonna open them now
because you never know we may get
someone that we want to use in this game
and none this account is cursed I swear
he's actually someone I could sell I
might actually go out my way to sell him
right so those packs were rubbish but we
did get the win and we're gonna go for a
second win to almost guarantee safety oh
my god with a Spanish half team kind of
thing we got the Spanish link Perez
Santi Cazorla and then we've also got
the burl now and the others you know you
know the team oh no I know he's got no
Kim but Renato Sanches is my kryptonite
that little bastard in the middle it's
just I just can't play against them come
on then let's get this out the way
Renato take up positions like this right
and I just think it's just gotta be
hunter doesn't it and it's just I know
it's not going to go in very very good
effort Oh hunter Oh hunters got through
bangs one misses miss that's where the
hunter chemistry needs to come into play
Alex right where can I go where can I go
from here
Santi Santi Cazorla this goal plays
tricks on my mind I swear I've scored
three already or something there you go
there you go Alba its Jordi Alba
he's the left back I know but he is also
sick he is that's why he's a walk out
how to walk out a stadium because he
just scored so many goals that I
shouldn't leave this in as awful Oh
hunter so I said is a difficult Alec at
difficult alex is a different different
a difficult angle Alex is what I'm truck
oh my god what a pass I was a bit slow
Lucas Lucas please Lucas Perez I should
have passed it but no need you know he's
got his warmup he's fine now - kneel up
in the second game mad I was three oh no
I was three no luck fuck that I denied
surely I can't do against this guy right
right right
not what seriously seriously I was so uh
so confident Alex was going to score
that and then Bruno tips it over
seriously seriously seriously seriously
I'd appreciate it if you just stopped
okay just stop looking like you may even
score a time
they're just not in the mood no in the
mood not in the mood nice Oh done it's
not done he's actually got another
chance and I just oh no no it's the boy
it's the boy I was honestly I swear he
is normally good against me seriously go
go go hunter hunter please back across
we get another back
oh there's only ten minutes left this
half has been so uneventful I'll take a
pack now I mean not that it matters but
still want a clean sheet so it's not you
know definitely not now
in fact now it's just a bit of a
sabbatical yeah it wouldn't change
player it literally just wouldn't change
to the other player I was really open I
again other chance there winning is the
key part of this series I know packs are
good and everything but I want to get to
Division one as quick as possible and
win it we have one more point till we're
safe if we win both next time then we
are one point away from promotion so
hopefully in two episodes time we'll be
into Division four and of course we did
just get a pack so we are opening
another seven and a half Cape at least
as a red oh god I want a player I could
use
we got Jordie album we've made that work
we get another draft token take the
draft Oh game surely surely he could
sell there in a half K you know what I'm
gonna just put him up now right he's now
up for sale we're gonna keep the rest
and we should be able to actually get a
squib love challenge done soon do you
want me to just take it upon myself to
do squad builder challenges you know the
one way you get the two player back do
you mean to do that let me know who you
want me to buy we only have two and a
half thousand coins so probably won't be
able to buy anyone next up said unless
they're very very cheap we could do the
squad builder challenge get a to Clare
pack let me know thank you guys for
watching and please
