okay so you're probably confused about
the title gone back in time well today I
am going to the mysterious lands of
Jersey that's where I'm actually on my
way right now and uh yeah I actually
have a cowboy outside I don't know if
I'm gonna make my flight so if I don't
this blog won't be going up but if you
if you're saying this obviously it's a
fake go all the way to the cabin and I
realized that I had my passport so yeah
this is going terribly no no this is
this isn't good this isn't good
a few inches later don't you pitch right
I've just made it in time I think I've
got 20 minutes filled the gate closes I
only booked my flight at hot for so how
did you get through security and do it
very quickly so yeah Chris this better
be worth it okay so I was on time until
they decided to stop everyone's bags I
think we are finally going
I'm in the house of the famous day and
we're gonna watch leaves loose I've
literally do you want to just like oh no
I've just pull you didn't tell me about
that
what nothing all right so leads lost and
uh yeah I actually haven't said hi to
Harry yet also here I'm in the land of
banks and the back listen any thank you
sing all right
guns your Jersey Guernsey gently done
the bad music in the background there's
taken by the way just watch that the
same film but we need to get off at like
8 a.m. to two videos so we're doing four
videos on their channels yeah you know
you're gonna end this now so you can
sleep whoo I'm not gonna waken up buddy
so how was this that's my do bit what
like what look this is dis this is I
can't sleep in this I hear Chris yeah
like that's one out something years
should have to worry about
there's no tractors that's a very odd
sentence oh yeah it's back with land we
are at the fourth trust doing some
football videos quick one
oh my days they didn't need to see that
they don't they don't need to know I did
that we are at the fortress about 9:00
a.m. this is the earliest I've ever done
a video I need to get these footballs
but I'm trying to film as well oh yeah
this is a this is the the famous
fortress of Chris md's channels a lot
better than I thought he was making out
like it was rubbish I mean it's not it's
not fantastic I mean you do have your
like that solid mud pit look at this
nothing a little crossbar work bitch you
know wait see if I can do this
was that okay
all right one video down and it's only
about half 11 so I don't normally be
Abed about an hour they usually have
only just gone to sleep yeah so I'm
gonna I'm gonna crash so hard but
basically they're also no flights home
today so we're having to take a very
different route so Southampton yeah you
know me and Harry just getting on an
adventure and then I'm being left by
Harry yeah I'm gonna have to make my way
home on my own he's left alone 30
seconds while we go get drinks this is
why I call Guernsey and Jersey a
backwards land
he's so primitive like he's too hard at
work hey Krista said in his video Chris
won't explain what you're doing I mean
yeah his video be better than a toy
this is why I call it backwards Island
okay or backward plan perfect recording
you get the tractor home with her
football video we're stopping the
tractor yeah he's gonna texture that's
incredible we've had our lunch and we're
back out to film again we're finishing
off Chris's video and okay I take
everything I said about the tractor back
he's done a very good job you always
complain about your pitch
the very nice bitch whoever gets it the
loser the other person you can you
relate the top if you want for you know
the toys going the top yeah because the
Sun is going down right now we're trying
to wrap this up as quick as we can
because we also need to get a pitcher
cuz they're recording what the boomers
finish mine we've done Harry's done
Chris's and now we're on the final
challenge of mine so I don't know when
these videos will go up sometime soon
look how dark it is now it doesn't even
look dark is the thing it is actually
pretty dark for a video so do a video
here is actually a very very dark
alright as a separate video we're gonna
attempt the crossbar challenge so we
each have two attempts each I think I'm
down if you're down oh my god the loser
has to lick what if there's two losers
they both look at the same time but the
winners been winners be on my days okay
well Harry you'll go first as this is
going on the wrong website this is yeah
this is okay from just they're just like
edge of the area so Harry you have two
attempts
there's nothing so much more challenging
okay okay gone yeah honestly Chris yeah
what no good good oh my god okay okay so
Chris is your go yeah so so if Chris
gets one here it's like what happens if
I lose what happens if I get nothing you
both get one got have a car off oh my
days
okay Chris first attempt all right god
Chris go for the low angle oh okay well
we already have one loser okay you know
what you're gonna have to hold this yeah
all right no pressure Simon is that your
course my hit was so I know I whole come
on Simon oh my god no no yes you have a
crossbar off you have one loser yeah
yeah okay yeah yeah final okay okay oh
great well hang on if he hits this one
but I all know oh yeah I don't know
pick a boot that's mine - you I think
you've got your boot I wouldn't like
that that's that's filthy but I feel
like I want a nice mouth forward you
know I mean if you want to go for it go
for it look at that yeah you go for that
round
oh well there we have it guys
I mean Harry's gonna go for crossbow no
I mean I'm gonna go crossbow with a
rabona yeah I just had a ding okay going
very good effort
all right we should actually think of
Chris's intro announcers we really need
to go home
me and how are you flying star Hampton
in like an hour Ashley police right
let's go if I just finished recording
off videos the end of the day this PC is
leaving finally what that's cool
finally and now yeah yeah we need to get
this play because Harry needs to check
his bagging so bye Chris
all right so have made it southampton
this is where we part ways double apply
i'm not shocked by for that man seems
like a good time and some have some his
eyes gone New York actually in New York
upon in New York all right so I have to
now try and find the train again mirror
London get home to record those JJ is
also going to New York so I need to make
sure that he record the video with us
before he goes right I decided to get
out keep working it's gonna sleep
walking anyway just like out here link
at home because I need to get home as
good as possible to get my taxi and then
her home and am home and I am good I'm
literally so dead right now I'm gonna
have to edit this blog actually because
there's my video for tomorrow which is
today watch hate times on YouTube yeah
I'm gonna I'm gonna do that so you guys
can enjoy this vlog hopefully if you
dude if you did enjoy it let me know
because as always I like vlogging but I
don't really know where to go or
whatever but if you guys want me to I
will go do stuff like you know I could
get to Guernsey maybe it's off to you
guys if you want me to go to go and see
I will go to go do film with video and
Harry and I will vlog it and that will
be another video let me know if they you
guys for watching hopefully enjoy that
I'm gonna sleep so good thank God for
Jim and ease
