yo guys what's going on and welcome to
it if I wash this since the start of the
series you know what screw it I may
never wash it and then one of you could
win it at the end of the suit no that's
horrible that's gross we are back with
another top comment that I have to ask
you guys because just YouTube really
seriously can you can't can't keep the
top comment there anyway the top comment
today was can you please put a hunter on
hunter now this hunter kada yeah it does
go for 4000 don't know about that one I
mean we do have 5000 coins so we could
get it but you guys want it so I'm
getting it it's the only one that's
4,800 we've bought it oh my god I even
bought it oh we're gonna have to spend
4900 on this oh my god we're gonna
actually have to spend 5000 coins on
this but again guys I have timed this
well if I manage to get a hat-trick
right now there is only one special pack
100k but you guys said it was in the top
comment we're getting this hunter
chemistry style ego hunter it's time as
I said guys we get three packs if we get
this title which we should we have two
games we need one win I can't actually
remember if it was three packs or two
packs but you know what we're gonna just
open three so this is the team we're
gonna be using and uh yeah I mean it's
decent now we've got that hunt on hunter
sounds like a weird you know like porno
saying hunter on hunter way no I don't
know I I know let's just move on let's
go this is for the title guys you know
it's gonna be a hard game every time
it's for the title or for promotion they
make it harder somehow alright come on
hunter now that you have that I expect
nothing less than greatness oh god okay
we've passed it we've passed it and
their boss Oh what how are you gonna hit
the pose Don's are we don't want to just
look for hunter oh my god plus it what's
that wait I'm looking bouncing too much
okay you know what this is just calm all
right calm down closing no no no no no
no no no no
gonna have to pass it yes what the oh
good save good save here we go this is
what we were Jordao Henderson you're
gonna score that jordo you're like my
Sikh player okay
edge good and then finesse boom just
we're going on top okay that's one we
got one goal we need two more we have a
counter on counter
what the Frick was that take time Oh
gone boom
run run pace I gave you a pace boost I
gave you a place boost come on
okay you know what I actually want to
get a goal no I wanted to get goal more
than I wanted that Oh hold up matey hold
this is why I need to stop being so
selfish why are you doing this why oh my
god give up on down there No
hold up take it Ringo tackle him tackle
him ha ha there we go okay we finally
got rid of this we need a goal there we
go nice guess one done that's another
done oh he doesn't know where we were
what's up oh I don't know I I was
honestly spamming past there how am I
not destroying this guy no it's time
it's time the destruction starts now
come on Hendo come up you know what pass
it in one more toss it okay I pass it
again and back oh my god honestly
honestly I don't I don't think I can
continue guys pass pass then turn boom
bang you're shooting is going to be good
or bubbly hums a blimp and boom does -
one more and we get a hug - Kay back I
feel like it could ruin this you know
what it's the rules only one thing for
it boys enter a hyperdrive sugar free
that's bollocks that is okay where's
hunter we're actually going for this hot
chick I'm sorry guys but this could mean
so much this oh my god you actually got
the hatchet with Hunter okay guys you
know what I might do because I have got
promoted
that is three packs itself we may have
to get rid of those packs and get rid of
the
trick Pat and just clasp it together as
a hundred KPAC 100k PAC intentionally
ruin everything he's in again yeah what
do I do here what do i what I do for
four goals maybe four is welcome keep at
it could be more it could be it could
have been more please chase play okay we
could get another goal I think you stop
playing now it's the playing oh oh five
goals I think that is worth you know
what we'll open one at seven half K and
then one night I don't know Oh what do I
do and we've always said it's one
special pact but now it's just I didn't
think this would happen and there's
promotion which means we got six
thousand good so those five thousand
coins you know we basically got a hunter
John I'm gonna play this game and do the
packs at the end okay so we're going
straight to the next game
alright this is the team we're gonna
have to go with we still need one more
centimeter by the way so let me know who
you want me to buy we may get one in the
hunter kpac let's see the new division
this is division five he hasn't
informing he has Rooney
or knows what Butlins butlet's the
secret code he's become and we're off
alright we're planning abs one legged
fish I mean that should be very easy
football game planning it's the one
legged fish I mean it would be dead by
now
there we go here we go we have a chance
turns out and then takes it in and
Vanessa's lays up that's hold you as
Jack Butland Ingold okay this guy is
quite is not too bad to get around but
it's just that final it's the final shot
I can get all the way to there then it's
quite hard to get past as goalie oh haha
the boy is another back this series is
about to get frickin interesting hunters
away again getting score he's it is Oh
like to get too far inside I wanted to
use his other foot just stop just stop
now stop him stop him stop stop where's
my defenders run away my defender ran
away he's got like four men on him
how's he gonna corner out of that
Romanians halftime we're winning it's
division fiver that's the main thing and
I did get a pack we deserve to be
winning I'm just a little bit worried
that I haven't scored more than one goal
yet come on one more goal one more goal
and I will feel so much more confident
here we go jordo endo jordo endo heekin
frequently eat the boy he is the boy of
this year max grader was last year this
year the boys jordo Hendo
carni don't know what you're saying how
is he talking all this time you know
what am I supposed to headphones in and
see screw it we're putting headphones in
he's pause the game oh my god you might
actually be on the chart no I can hear
him now
it is about me yeah it is me mate it is
me I don't have a mic but I am going to
destroy you now I'm sorry look at my
squad where I am in the series and he'll
be able to tell if it's me or not surely
boom Jackie I want to prove to him that
it's me but without putting my my kid
because I don't have a mic Oh mate what
is that a foul he's already got yellow
he doesn't have a right back this is my
chance to get goals with hunter goals it
hunts up boom so there's two goals in
hunter one more we have a trick wait no
wait no no no no what do I do if I get
another hat-trick close him down close
him down he's trying to score a
spectacular goal because he knows I'm
recording and now I can get a break
where can we get a hat-trick 1-1
hunterson then come on boom Oh drink
Patrick with Hunter again we actually
need to stop him from scoring because
he'll be wet no oh you fucker mate you
fuck layman will get an assist with him
we've already got a hat-trick and that
is how you love me that's how you not
sorry I'm a bit a complete douche this
game there we go we've done it we've won
two hat-tricks with Alex hunter I don't
know what to do right now we also got
the promotion that's technically three
packs less than a hat-trick back plus
another hat-trick Pat you know open 100k
pack and if it's good I'll end it if
it's if it's bad I may open the second
one because you did get to attrex that's
too special Pat no they've gone they've
gone it's late I'm 15 seconds like okay
well we can open the 22 seconds late cuz
he didn't skip intro ok back leaves are
useless
that's one special pack I'm the opening
all of them now though I actually I'm
actually heartbroken right now you know
what I have to take that as the FIFA
God's telling me Simon don't do it
open 100k pack and get shit instead well
that's the to hatchet packs done now we
get open three well I'll open one jumbo
and one premium why do I do I open the
big pack these papers just Smeltzer now
we get to open our final pack which is
the 15k pack let me know who you want me
to buy we have like seven thousand coins
right now they get Shawcross well we got
all of this so we're all good for
everything right now okay you know what
guys we actually have 9,000 coins let me
know who to buy most like horribly they
want to choose thank you guys watching
oh please
