yes that is right you have read the
title right 20 informs in a row now how
can I guarantee this ha ha ha ha I have
a double lone team of the week pack ha
ha ha ha ha ha but no that is not what I
am doing right now I have been working
my ass off for about 15 minutes a little
longer and quite a few coins to
guarantee these team of the week 10
players I have a 20 team of the week
guaranteed packs they are untradable
yes yes but if I pack to run out I
wouldn't trade him anyway so I have 20
packs and then my aim is to get less a
Ronaldo there's a David Luiz there's a
Yaya tour√© I think that the Harry Kane
any of those I will be happy with I will
be getting the others to open a pack or
two and I may also not tell Vic that
he's guaranteed a team of the week but
that is what we are doing today so 20
packs 20 informs in a row we're going
for Ronaldo that's all I want obviously
if we do pack the same one twice
it isn't tradable so I have to discard
it for nothing so it would have been a
waste of time so here we go boom pack
move oh no show me the money show me the
money I was a strike ok ok I haven't got
him before Juba oh you Ju Ju ba zu ba I
have not paid you before so I'm actually
happy with getting him in my club hack
number two and I've taken my headset off
so I can do this the spin pack what come
on it's a same the same one I liked him
I was happy with getting him and now I
get him again as I actually have to
discard him right we'll open one more
then we'll get our first guest Leeds
United give us luck we go 3 2 1 please
oh so good actually
86 rated he's one of the better ones and
86 I'm happy with think there's like
four eighty Sixers that I can get I was
right there are four eighty Sixers I can
get and then obviously that 96 for now
he's just so beautiful alright first
guest the tree of light and Josh Josh
yeah
yeah I got the same inform twice he was
did you in you you fro chair I don't
know what I kick do I do gardening yeah
okay if it gets me the Renaldo I will
keep it after an hour we're going
options don't any other place on ya know
oh my god please please all right shut
it up miss a lot of it here in there
garlic's bingo sixteen she said she was
16 fuck yo yo please to it out I want
your no.1 or not doing no I don't give
the controller back this is stupid I
want to kick the trick to get Ranaut oh
I must be Ronaldo please please please
please
oh my god it's him again I know he's at
u6 rate if I can't sell him I have two
quick sell it but nothing ah I actually
beg like to the FIFO God's out there I
beg you just give me this Ronaldo I've
been like I've done some your try
smoking seven packs and we've got three
the same player than two of the same
player than one of the same player and
zero ronaldo's just change this Ronaldo
please give me a Ronaldo please I beg I
beg right please my luck clearly isn't
here I'm gonna open one more and then we
will get another guest please please
okay
I haven't got I mean I got you but I
haven't got you in the untradable so I
can now say your original and keep you
but not good is this not getting
different ones I guess it's okay 11 left
I need that Ronaldo at least the yo-yo
Toria David Luiz I chose the most
Portuguese looking guy I knew so really
yeah that's you I don't know who so far
I've got nothing really I've got to
Socrates please and there's a Ronaldo
it's Annie okay that's one of the bad
ones
yeah done better than Josh Wow please
give me an hour doh if I get Ranaut I
wouldn't sell him anyway so it's cool no
okay
that's also one of the better ones
you're doing really well okay I let Josh
open till you could have another fun
it's fun when you're guaranteed an
in-form right yeah oh my god it's like
I'm enjoying fever again haha
show me the Ronaldo
may have to take control of what what -
this isn't this it all come on run out
of three without without don't know now
definitely take it off you get out get
out I don't know what else I can do so
screw it done
nose pack what else what else come on
show me look not so ridiculous I was
just about to sit down you know what
guys I'm gonna have to resort to what I
thought I might have to basically I'm
not gonna tell Vic but it's guaranteed
an in-form
so I'm gonna just go mental when he gets
one kamini can fuck off yeah let's see
how he reacts all you gotta do is press
a and it's done gap blue okay there are
no blues oh no I said I came here to get
blue okay wait if you get a blue I
didn't glitter you can have a million
pounds but okay go for it it's like a
great deal with a laser
oh my simple you want it for what it
blue nothing Cal you got it for me
oh my god no you're opening another one
that's two okay now he's gone alone
good gonna come on thanks again so you
got do another okay we got yellow that's
the first inform of her Oh Turner oh
right thank you good to know are you
shit though but you got to know I feel
there's expectation now just hit the
triple no one has trip again
oh my god is that oh my god Kentucky
what you just go three in the road he's
that good
no one gets three in a row I'm game oh
my god you're like he's right in blue as
well oh my god good eye conjunction
types as well no josh has already opened
is okay what's going on he looks like
Josh haha it's pretty amazing under the
guaranteed informs packs but is it frame
I had to see if you'd girl or oh this is
my last pack if I not even be
ah no not really oh I know what fuck
what this is ridiculous this is Mira
these pattern this is ridiculous I'm
open 20 packs and I've got shit'll it's
over yeah I'd like everyone go check out
Vic in the description if you want to
get for him or you want to see for a
folder well yeah that's all for today
thank you guys for watching fucking shit
peace
