alright time for another giveaway let's
do this let's start okay so I didn't
give away for five million subscribers
obviously this year it's Christmas well
every year's Christmas but you know what
I mean
this year I thought I'm gonna do another
giveaway since I haven't had any big big
milestones so Christmas giveaway here
you go firstly you know some cars has no
boom boom boom boom boom too many boom
okay so that were also going to be
giving away 10 pieces of sideman
clothing which he gets I'm England oh
comments also in the description down
below
so 10 of you will get one item of
clothing that I will then send out boom
seriously God then one of you will get a
hundred pounds worth of sidemen clothing
which I don't know how that's gonna work
but I want your pants on the side my
clothing whatever you want some of you
don't have consults so these Xbox and
Playstation giveaways boom anyway now we
move on to some more actual things we
have - Chi Chi Omega racing chairs from
GT Omega as I said you know what I use
them in my videos just uses them in his
videos they not only do we have the
chairs we also have custom controllers
which you can also find in the juicer
below but we have two more of them that
we are giving away so that's a nice
stuff but we have more if you are a
youtuber and you do gaming videos you
need and they'll get o so I'm not giving
one or two but three HD 60 L gadot's
yeah I mean hey that's it yeah 363 HT 60
okay I felt like that's a way to make it
no awkward you know I can say anything
and then just go boom and it's done
boom so basically more time I think boom
every time so money yeah the little one
people for the grand finale pieces we
have to exports wants to give away to PS
force to give away boom we also have a
MacBook this is actually one I have so
you know actually show you nothing else
the rights are conferred this ammaji
that's my macbook way you're not getting
that one boot so we've got the Xbox's
we've got the Playstations we've got all
the codes we got on that book they'll
gathers the chairs the controllers what
else we have pcs specialist PC this is
what we you'll use we use those pcs I am
giving one of you a PC specialist PC
that is perfect for gaming and not only
that some of you you know have consoles
but you have you know you have a TV but
a 60-inch TV 60 inches I'm used to sixty
inches because we have one easy penguin
ask why easy penis joke but I thought
you know what it's Christmas we'll stay
away from it poof so I thought you know
what are you looking at
I think it's bigger than thick the
inches not the tree I mean we have a TV
at 60 inches ah
so TV pc consoles out gadot's macbook
all you gotta do is retweets and
yeah boom retweet and like my tweet that
will be in the description top line top
line is the tweet you just gotta follow
me as well actually follow me to write
you gonna yeah Josh yeah
I follow Josh follow me like and retweet
that's it it's all three that's that's
four clicks follow follow retweet like
nice bedtime there okay you know what no
no you exactly that is all for the day
hopefully you guys have a great
Christmas I will be announcing the
winners after New Year's yeah that's it
um I don't know if you guys consider
that a lot but my bank account does so
I'm done for today yeah boom bye Santa
Oh
both
