that's right guys there are two 125
k-pax out so if I manage to get a
hat-trick with Alex hunter today then
I'm just saying I may be opening one of
them there are the 15k packs but the
rule is I get to open a special path I
get a hat-trick so if I get a hat-trick
125k back which is almost guaranteed to
be something good obviously that's not
an easy task and this is the team we're
gonna be used although Santi Cazorla is
tired so the top comment today was to
get a reserve cam in Bojan cigar sanur
Massa matter is the highest rated but he
is always the most expensive
Bojan I can't get for 950 so we're gonna
get Bhoja and he also is Spanish like
matter so it fits quite well so the new
boy goes straight into cam and we move
into the league which really isn't going
well we need to win both to get
promotion today we have four games that
we need three wins to get the title two
wins to get promotion ah we're playing
against peaky blinders don't tell me
this this won't be face of Acheson's
team is called peaky blinders I think
he's very good at the game I'm really
hope this isn't his team that I would be
it won't be can it copy no it won't be
well it may be fuck you know what I just
need to focus on me get hunter that
hat-trick although I need to win first
that is the main thing where's hunter
give it back no no no pause it back okay
I've really fucked this up you know what
back please pen please pen hey I'm
really funny defended that very well go
to go please what's up honestly
something's wrong with my controls if
I'm if I'm missing like that how how can
I miss like that go on hunter go on
hunter oh I've turned one god finesse it
that was awful you know what hunter I'm
actually just gonna bang one cuz you
can't score from close that was the best
shot he's done so far all right where'd
we go bleh off look at that do that and
then hunter
what the Frick was this run turn back
ref ref ref wait hunter he's still good
well there's one we blue one we've
actually got one oh my gosh we've
actually gone gone without any times
alright to war and no I'm not focusing
on him I'm focusing on the wind still oh
come on Musa Musa where's the pace was
breath thank you
oh my god hunter could take this I know
this probably isn't the best idea
looking at the stats but here we go
hunter if you can score this through on
my dad do you want to adopt me
you look something is wrong with hunter
shooting maybe the home we're still
winning that's the main thing and we're
deservedly winning hunter Hunter hunter
huh how is he justice taken is a beast
hold up
ok get to him give to him he's good at
sugar sugar honey OST sugar honey ice
tea please mommy ignore me I didn't just
shout mummy they're really saving this
one is there focus on myself focus on
the end or the whole team the team of
the whole offside he's aside aside us us
thank you this is too freakin close I
need to just focus on my own game yeah
turn back it I've read that I've read
I've read all of this get that get I get
that ok ready this is gonna be it this
is gonna be a good play it may not
result in a goal but it will result in
more than come on really nice there we
go right
what the Freak a boy goo-goo-goo but you
know what posit there you go please
click what's at what ref pen ref how is
that not okay oh I'm gonna take a go
over there but how was that not a pen
who was that was that the new boy yeah
it was Bo Jack I wish that was a penalty
that would have been another chance for
hunter to get a goal hunter Hunter
hunter hunter what the why's everyone is
fouling hunter this is this is painful
how am I meant to score with him if I
can't get the ball to him without I'm
being fouled one last chance dummy okay
okay go go hunter go go oh please please
all your target you stupid melon oh that
could have been another pack I mean we
got one pack but I'm we won which was
the main thing one more win and we've
got promotion but first we are going to
open this pack we've to open a stupid
seven and a half a pack which are
freakin awful what did not even be a
rare oh yay brilliant can't wait to use
he sounds like an ice-cream ah back into
the games we go like games become so
much more fun when I think I might
actually get a hat-trick with Hunter
here we go we got some red lines about
but we just
they don't we haven't built a full squad
yeah we haven't built a squad we built
two teams we need we need to start
figure out what we do it oh yeah I'm
playing someone called FC beast holy
shit what what is this what like inform
Tori bagua want to watch Ben Arfa purple
Stirling legend siu Oh am i against that
he better be rubbish here we go finding
out whether we're going to have a bit of
an upset in terms of teams or if it's
just gonna be you know oh no his skill
passing there you go we see them up with
seen him up oh I was just gone got how
are you two getting give me the ball
back give it I just tackled myself I
just i fouled myself
I didn't even tackle it myself i fouled
myself pass it go pass it there look at
this play
look at this majestic boom no wait wait
wait
what the hell what no no no no no no no
no no I'm focusing can't not focus if
I'm on my knees mad not be not in that
this is just it's just going from bad to
worse isn't it oh and now he's through
again come here grease the old Griezmann
of my hunter need to go to shooting
school hi I've seen you out there I've
turned in I've turned in finesse and of
Court Laurice he's just there he's he's
born to be a goalkeeper how do I get
past this you know what I've actually
got passes the feds many many times like
until there until right there that lat
tiny little pass the few inches that
make a difference no that's not what she
said okay see the main problem with this
this match in particular it's this team
is just too good cuz this is no denying
it like I can get four there and then I
can have a shot and it's just like where
is my team but my team just it's just
not on this same the same level go on
okay go on boom that week okay maybe it
is maybe it is Santi is fighting for his
place almost you month made it sound
like a Santa okay I just fucked up I
fucked up so what the fuck
oh I know you guys don't believe me
right but I had the shittiest song in my
ears just then I had some ridiculously
bad song here's a remix or something and
it really puts me off no what I can come
back from this I can come back from this
I don't deserve to be losing it should
be a draw right now boo sure
here we go justjust calm calm Bruno
Bruno Bruno Bruno what's up how is the
reefs saving that if hunter gets that
which he did that is a goal a hunter
hunter going you're hit Woollett why
does everyone even rocks everything was
it across concert in Hunter hunter
please that like that's the honestly
that save made no sense to me puss-puss
it ref can I my free-kick okay okay good
what's up oh there's another plaque okay
this is a good song don't let him do
this don't let him don't let him hug me
off I've seen him down there get too big
tackle brilliant tackle I'm just doing
bit he turned out turns out if you don't
score thank you thank you is that Santi
again oi
Santa's full of presents today I told
you guys I know I need hunter to get
goals for the hundred and twenty five K
pack but this is more about getting
promoted holy cow holy cow holy cow that
gun in Fairplay
it would have been a little bit of
bullshit but what a goal that would have
been possible two corners in the one
game oh no he's gonna shoot he's gonna
have to he hasn't shot here's a shot now
he has and yeah my keeper can save
things too bitch she's done it doors
promotion is in the bag and I think
hunter got one goal ah there it is look
we just need we got two games left we've
already got promoted it's not the best
you don't get to open one of these
hundred twenty of okay right so maybe
it's for the best gonna open one more of
these hopefully we get we didn't even
get a rep whoa seriously look at look at
that Jason puncheon we get another
kamilly well guys I don't know how many
packs I get for winning the title thing
is two and three so we've got two packs
for next episode guaranteed we hopefully
will get three packs if we win that next
game you need to let me know who to buy
I have 5000 coins let me know most like
I might want to choose that you guys
watch it um both
