Oh 125 Cape acts out I didn't know they
existed I think it's a new pack if it's
not I'm gonna look stupid so yeah
monk this is obviously recorded after
the video because yeah I I didn't have
time I literally turned it on and if you
start the video soon you'll see that my
hair wasn't done I promise I got quite a
few walk ups I got quite a few Movember
cocked I won't spoil anything for you
enjoy the video thank you for watching
that this isn't the end go
what are these packs 58 thousand of them
I have not had time to actually you know
get myself a pet I haven't done my hair
Oh big blur Oh buzz back and it is it's
German it's gonna be able to win it it's
fucking out so I'm so in our buzz back
jaku as well pachitea you know what mood
out time for this I wanna get as many of
these packs as I can I'm I close my door
cuz I'm gonna start shouting the second
Oh
donar oh that's right around please
please please please please no oh oh no
I thought I was renowned for a second oh
oh no it's not come on please Iain give
me a good pop oh my membercard that's a
big one that's a big one ah where's that
what is con that flowers like the size
of mine my I don't know what to do this
is the that's a big that's a big place
okay know what PK these packs are
freaking incredible this is the time
where I get a legend that is our big
flare that's a big flip why is the why's
that not walk out you can go on to the
chance of a list and I didn't do that
don't get angry don't get angry at me
there's gonna be a hair pack I'm gonna
open it and go do my hair
oh dude eighty again you know what I'm
gonna go tell the others that there's
packs because they have no clue right
now get out we're gonna see what's in
this and then I'm gonna go 686 in it
oh look again please please please fuck
up I don't want goalies I don't want to
I don't want to send a bat give me
someone good I want a good walk out good
huh oh I didn't actually that was 87 but
it was gonna be a right mid or something
I'm spending my life so come on please
why are you giving me these cards give
me a Reynaldo give me oh my god got
bother shoot listen inform is an inform
Molly that's all for you know what
though the worst part is I am listening
in here I'm in a disco cool so yeah I
got an inform but I'm in a cool right
now and Jessie bangs just got someone
I'm not telling you who it is but it's a
very freaking good player come on that's
huge
another inform 2 in a row and it this is
another shit one I mean so is Biswas o33
to move em because a Dan in for okayed
now a now I'm happy please come on give
me one of the note that's dead that's
dead oh it's another one of my card
Gustavo it's one of the better ones oh I
didn't inform with it so so alright I'm
fed up hey what every time I stand up
it's awful we keep getting foreign look
at him he's so happy with himself he
keeps crawling his way back into my club
guys i matter about the boys I think I'm
to spend about 50,000 for you I don't
know that's big why why why why they're
not good Matsui do actually is kind of
decent yeah 87 let's go well actually I
wasn't gonna open packs today because I
knew this would happen or I go bankrupt
ah these cards are just I'm waiting
something's gonna come up
you guys we go holy shit Simon's pack
like it's gonna be a legend that's
what's gonna be it's gonna be a legend I
don't want these I don't care if you
have a good beard or not I don't want
you know that's a tiny flare that's a
tiny bust Jonas announced she was Jonas
no one good begins with a J looking at
you Josh that's a walk out that's a walk
out you see that pause ensued a pause
that's a walk out it's a walk out it's a
walk please don't go be don't be going
him again bring it I don't want to throw
that I don't want to throw that I I was
going to throw my rage over took me for
a second and I'm calm again
oh I get penuche as well that's kind of
decent that's huge that's huge that's a
walk out that was a big flare there's a
huge flare just taking this time there's
no flag how the hell was he or what how
is he a walkout how he doesn't even have
a flag that's how stupid is now I'm not
saying that that's kind of racist I
don't want him 85 I've been getting some
87 I just got Venusian he wasn't a walk
out who the Hat when on earth it what
Warren I'm not fit get the fuck out my
club
you know what I feel it I can actually
feel it guys do you feel that see this
you see this what the hell was that
what do you see that do see that flare
that flare I don't want the Spencer
look-alike a game I've only got two
players left and I may have to buy more
I made actually one more that's kind of
that's what I mean it's disappointing if
you don't get a walkout or big flare or
anything but your honors an 85 and I'm
complaining there's a decimal walk out
that's a walk out that's ugly now that's
a walk out that's a walk out there we go
do not be found goes not be fat there's
no says you're Ramos why do I keep
getting somebody so I'm gonna have the
best defense in the world soon and a
nibble in Sydney a good inform as well
I'm actually happy with that I'm in a
good mood I'm gonna have some of my
cookie to celebrate last ports that's
pause that's a walk out that's a walk
out I walk I walk up roll off both go
fuck yourself miss it today a semi
biscuit in it I eat something that
resembles a biscuit
when I get biscuits and we get two of
these cool 15000 packs are left get
these girls in fact I'll bet that's not
a walkout is it that's not a walkout
there's no pause look out stand down
here lads
no I'm not coming back up until I get
something good that's not the big
players well go suck yourself again I
wasn't no pause I have another walkout
agent guys this is the pack is the boss
sonic boom walk out and is is oh no I
really want to put him through
I want to break something so bad yo are
you serious oh my god hide your Nan's
i'ma beat everyone up soon okay it's a
member card it's not good one though hon
no - who does he listen - hood ok FIFA
pack opening into hood at least I got a
good tile out of that that's good click
babe I'm going I'm going to the end I'm
going to the end this is all Jessie
bangs depent there's Marshall Bateson
this is all their fault don't want
Movember card
give me someone like evil I'm so sick of
Miranda last 7,000 this has been my
workout from there I've been to the gym
today for the first time ever
that's thing that's be a big sworen if I
swear to God if you give me how are you
gonna give me Gordon three times
somebody's nan is about to get suplexed
one that's a big flare lesson in form
that's three or two in forms and the
Movember card I'm still happy
none of them sell I need like I'll be
happy if they sell yeah guys know okay
saving save I'm saving I'm saving them
charging charging up ties it up add that
mortal theme combat music in here now
sure I'm here no shutter:400 that's a
walkout that's the that's the walkout
mob I don't want goalie
oh my yeah to walk ups in a row
back-to-back walk out
it's German neue Nuria okay that's the
one goal key but I can get a board with
you can you can get on my ship made no
sense ninety-two we have a 92 rated
player today that's what I wanted I
wanted someone above nineteen we've got
it and a freaking inform to follow
Brazil Brazil its Marcelo these are the
final four packs not a walkout maybe of
November that nope nothing okay all full
forth last pack that's not another what
why why are these last packs so bad it's
not another walkout it's a big flare
though Cebu membercard
it's this guy called again the last pack
is not what is that no no no no no no no
you know what I'm not going to spend
quite we've got use coins is the dumbest
idea I've ever done we're currently
we're currently we're currently what
people we're currently we're currently
doing what now speak your mind speaking
part Woodcock there tell me don't suck
no no no yeah
have a little recap of what we've got
today boys only gun I've got a matter ET
and insignia Louis Gustavo pretty much
everything on this page except that
Kente we and that son sony we actually
got everything there today I think and
again everything except that money and
Ramos in Neymar we did get the Neue 92
rated Moya is very good we didn't get
bail we got hurt so we got Aramis check
your voice earlier today Pepe we've got
gold in got a black Vannucci I don't
know if you'd consider that success I
personally don't think it a legend we
didn't get one of the best informs
didn't get one of the best moment cards
I'm gonna leave it there for today I
think I'm done I am sweating buckets so
I'm gonna go have another shower that's
my third of the day thank you guys for
watching leave a like you enjoy these
pack openings I'll do them at every time
there are other big packs out but
personally I'm not going to do them if
there are any small packs let me know in
the comments thank ice watching and
peace
