hmm yeah well this is all good isn't it
yo guys what's up welcome to Harry's
birthday video now yesterday was
actually Harry's birthday not today okay
I am a Dale a basically I went home I
didn't expect to be home for so long and
I would have had this video but I had a
thief video ready so I put that up
instead and this is now a day late which
I which Harry I am very sorry about
stop so everyone I just want to say this
is actually the last birthday of the
year I think I hope it is damnit that's
if I'm wrong hon looks so stupid so yeah
there's gonna be a montage of me and
Harry and our funny moments
so hopefully Harry you enjoyed your
birthday hopefully everyone here wish
Terry a happy birthday on Twitter if you
didn't we're gonna start a little
hashtag happy late birthday Harry okay
so go message him and just say hashtag
happy late birthday Harry okay
go tweet him that that's for now thank
you guys for watching and enjoy the
video peace
what's up guys and welcome to a Q&A with
me and wrote a short swag wall family am
I said no sorry
oh shit okay hello um I'm how are you oh
shut up not know there's a dramatic
pause oh let's try I didn't know where
you wanted can I read sure pics I want
two three yeah ha ha oh my god nobody's
like the testam no yeah works or passing
laughter testing if it's legal or not
they're gonna serve us like kids or
something out of that nah nah nah
hey who's comin it is but if this
doesn't go in your vlog I'll be very
upset on a scale from ten to ten how
much do you want to punch Harry in the
face ten to ten I know I said ten to ten
yeah I'm on a scale of ten to ten stop
what is going to behind me go get off oh
so what you do is make a trunk you make
a tail and then you let the beak do the
rest
you tow your pussy is destroyed by my
massive penis and your tits are
squirting me in the face no tkj no I'm
not gonna rush George just actually did
kind of zoom in on Josh as well 9000 11
12 13 14 15 16 18 19 20
he just slid and we were injured were
injured Ostreicher Oh fucking offender
gray g3 girls the best
Oh
five boys these notes on hand the
renewal happened and I'm Tiffany to say
granddaughters me time your Simon and me
Hey I don't know wait you want each more
time boy
um ooh hey I'm coming for them okay okay
go test me gently I'm not testing you
lambda that was a hard forceful no no no
no my turn
are you gay see I'm gonna trick it you
just clicked yes ma always trying to
trick it oh shut up or down you just
clicked yes uh no you dare just use that
don't buy that boy diva don't use that
one and not to the first one because
know what we're thinking about they do
that's the whole point of them they mind
that yes they do there's a hi ho hi ho
yes I'm gonna say dinner anger innate
haha that's um oh is it I don't think
that's just the one okay that's just a
school one one unlucky buddy I'm lucky
oh yeah you got to watch it and sip see
ya
