convert hunter to striker make hunter a
striker and put Cazorla as a camera bike
one matter for sentiment I don't know if
I have enough coins for either of those
but most of this is just something I'm
trying out I thought you know what I'm
not gonna wear the shirt today I thought
I'd just wear it on my head and how long
that's gonna last cuz this is frickin
weird
currently I do not have a cam to
centerfold I have the centre forward to
strikers if we can buy a cam to centre
forward I will have them as a striker we
can afford it it's only 500 so we're
just gonna get any random one of these
which has also got tasks completed so I
don't know well that's gonna give us we
got a lone player and 150 coins so we
almost got that whole thing for free me
not my mass isn't very good we all owe a
fairly pay Louise oh no wait I get to
choose oh okay well he's the only one
there that I'm gonna use we're gonna
have to take it we awfully pay Louise
for eight matches so hunter moves
forward what's this ready canter centre
forward and then a sensible which is
striker done oh god this is gonna fuck
up our team specially when cos all is
tied up shit for the first time I think
ever in this entire series we are going
to use the magical squad training item
we have an eight of these so you know we
may as well just use this it puts Dini
hunter and Cazorla and every way puts
everyone back to full fitness why am I
still wearing this on my head I'm gonna
take this off right let's go I'll strike
forces I'm very good we may have to put
mu search like a moose or a Dini you
know what I kind of like Dini we're
gonna play Dini
I'm just gonna do this quick to change
Club name I confirm we'll just keep her
the exact same sure let's do that what
pack do we it's gonna be a shit pack
isn't it yay
bronze Oh brilliant all I'm saying guys
so we get a hatcheck of assists or a
hat-trick of goals with hunter we get to
open these I'm just saying it's quite
kind of likely because he is now a
striker
hey what okay oh oh oh we did all of
them we get free back ok here we go we
started with a pact what are we gonna
get we get and on it's just so hard to
do this series when eh don't care I
think we've talked enough it's time to
go into a game and we are not doing well
division 6 has caused some trouble we've
lost two out of our four games so if we
want to get promoted
we need to win three and draw what I so
my team is hunting we will go his team
is Johnson's under 30 ok did actually
say when we win but that team is just
like I know to be Pia obviously
obviously I know that but I don't know
what that is i when we will win yeah
well we'll see about that won't we give
me the ball back or more movie friends
we can be friends we're not friends then
we're not friends alright if you don't
wanna be friends we're not friends and
I'll have to score no Danny drink water
is actually a monster I don't think
anyone fully understands the ability
that he does not possess I mean that
cross was fucking all what the hell
Danny how the hell was Oscar Oscar Oscar
chill I'm laying against the under 13
his name is under 13 please can I just
get that one attack that's all I need
one attack on don't turn him will it's
him where's Glenn why are you not
running like you normally do now you're
dead and everything but not the same
Glenn from The Walking Dead you can
still move no no no no no no no this
could be very bad this could be
disastrous go pasta all right and then
no oh wait wait wait wait wait wait go
go go go go okay boss bla
I press I press pause I press pause this
fucking I press pause honestly you guys
don't underst I haven't had a shot what
am I doing with my life
what honestly why did I not pass it I
press pause the only thing I can take
from this is that this guy is a witch
he has a spell on me and he has decided
I shall not school thought I was playing
my strongest team as well
yeah I am playing my best team alright
guys we're back we're back in this get
the smart play get the smart play smart
water we're looking for that smart water
where's the smart water okay we pass it
then we go through go oh okay till we
can no long go nice go go and plus it
across breath give me a pen no hunters
through and just through kidneys please
what was that touch what was it oh my
god oh my god that's a red dies Adelaide
how blatant red a disrespect of the game
of football and you Williams shall
suffer with okay it was it was only
yellow I he that is he did get a red but
that was actually his second yellow
Cazorla that's cute either you have in
it hunter again no arrow see look I'm
pressing up no arrow alright here we go
we just got a go calm go calm oh my
heart stops anyway we get a pack we get
a bag hunter Jordi Alba with the pace
with the pace look at him look at him
blasting away from the defender and then
oh yeah yeah you don't know where I'm
going yeah passed it back take touch
boom what a strike wonder strike made
done how to keeper got his hand behind
that you know what ed to the area mate
you running away you've run away you've
really screwed me over there mate you
really really fucked me over get back
please please no one's no one's coming
back no one has come back for me no one
has come back for me here why have you
not come please great tackle you took
your time though you're gone mate you're
gone spun deal with me you'll get spun
you know what we're going for
that's not hunter that wasn't huh Oh Ref
yeah riff do you seriously not see that
rest
I just got molested in the frickin face
how that go on oh okay that should be it
nice it's done game done we do get one
pack cuz you got a goal those were
getting a pack per game that's that all
water nice no 82 82 83 Hey Oh actually
not ideal but we do now have a Spanish
league goalkeeper one win and we are
safe in the division even even one point
and we're safe in the division I need to
win this so that next episode I can get
promoted Dini I wasn't that happy with
you so actually gonna change you for mu
so we made a couple subs little bit
nervous when
Santi Cazorla gets tired because now we
don't have a spare cam gonna have to
deal with it I guess
come on em bro show me what I'm facing
old five image view awesome
it's a strange team like half French and
I don't know I don't even know what that
is whatever it is we're gonna destroy it
all this guy knows how to knock it about
in Italy I'm a little bit scared right
now a little pee just came out what the
no no no no no no no look at that bounce
look at you see that bounce why do I go
one no down in every game but he got so
lucky you can run round him and Glen
Johnson can warp one into the goalies
hands all pass it in one more one more
okay Alex hunter is just he is the bane
of my life as much as I love him he's
just not he's not that good is he you
know what I'm sick and tired of being
treated like a frickin second-class FIFA
player I am a good FIFA player that is
why I'm going to score and that was an
assist by Alex hunter we'd set assists
as a pack you know what I'm just gonna
open a pack in you is that handout of
course it is cause hen dough's that hen
dough's all handovers everywhere
boom good effort alright where do we go
from here what part top top gone I don't
stay down injured please I need you
alright nice
oh-oh-oh-oh Finnish rebound but I wonder
why are you backing away you know Spang
ello ello ello g1 is this thumbs up I
think it is funds that go on pause
attack ref he's injured voice we've got
a problem he's on his thing but we need
to make it to halftime he's too slow
damn it come on answer look at him he's
too slow and weak there's halftime ah I
don't want to say I deserve to be
winning cuz I don't really know if I do
here we go again 45 minutes left to get
a win and a deal hello what's good
what's going on here why my past is so
ask you that where are the runs that I
need I need some I need some actual runs
gone look ok that's actually words well
it's kind of ok I've kind of fucked up
but you know what just I wasn't aiming
for Hunter guys come on Musa Musa is so
freaking fast but that was going in as
what it was very good I would go in was
it why is it lagging why why is it
lagging
ok we've continued we've
continued and we've somehow got through
we've taken a touch and I can't play
with this who would have thought that
Simon the lag flip then we got a pen
this is exactly the same as the last
game still no arrow okay we go we go
again there again we've got it he saved
it he saved it he just saved a frickin
penalty Oh hunter hunter this could be
an assist
let's cap it what the Freak was that
hunter all you had to do was a good pass
oh I'm actually gonna be pissed if I
draw this because I don't know if I lose
this I'm gonna be even more this come
pass it up
alright turn in not nice let off good Oh
what am i doing I'm poor I'm so stupid
today what is wrong with me today I mean
do we doing hunter sisters that pack I
don't know everyone likes packs on you
how much do one you got a man in the
match as well have you gonna say I don't
deserve of how you got man of the match
and an assist at least we're safe in the
division well shit you guys said to by
matter didn't you as the last thing of
the day I'm gonna buy this and then if I
can afford matter I am gonna get him as
well
well that is shocking I'm not I mean I
look at it question is can I afford one
matter six point seven I don't think I
can afford him I could afford him next
time but you guys need to vote on that
so the most liked comment will be the
one I do thank you guys for watching and
please
