young girls going on and welcome to the
pun test that's too much but Nikki let's
do that good
yo girls going on and welcome to the pun
test yeah she won't read it gasp gasp
okay yo guys what's going on and welcome
to the pond test yeah I saw this idea
from another video which I will leave a
link to in the description basically
what we're going to do is give each
other a word or a couple words and you
have to just try and make a plan out the
reason you're here toby is cuz you are
the pun king you're punking me oh there
we go okay that's why I chose it
that was good having that one till you
check water every so who's got first
asked you guys to tweet us some words or
phrases by the way so these are all
chosen by you and you guys are going to
decide who is the winner of us and who
is the ultimate pun king we're going to
start off with no tattoo tattoo this is
a clock by the way not travel - jjrc if
that's hat - you can suck his dick Jen
yes what if that - yeah good sucky
yeah Jenna asked that I met Bob you
dream so we're gonna take it in turns
and we're gonna try and build a story
where you have to fit the word in so
it's a slight adaptation but came up by
toby i was a good idea unless it does
badly then it's doing we're gonna start
off with moist my story beginner begins
with a boy that was good those good eggs
with a boy called Toby I will starve
easy as well okay so we're gonna start
with mango totallys good friends gonna
scream
toby man go get me some ice cream and
Toby said bitch I'm not your slaves in
about 16 seconds already good another
way to do it sorry yeah happens every
time people must hate me
the next word is baguette then Toby's
good friend Shana said ah by getting
this what I have about guessing how big
about gave me what um some hot dogs
your word is Pikachu there's no way I
can say this
about coming out like sexual thank you
anyway
Toby explain look out Shawn up that
willows trying to take a Pikachu I'm
back your word is C man at the steamer
do we do approach and Shauna said I
never let you see mom Oh no ha no what
is period then she called the police but
before they could appear he had ran off
ha ha ha I chewed oh yes I'm fine I'm
fine
the next word is gonna real it turns out
you've gone around the office it turns
out he was a farmer and he had got a
reddish sheep red sheep
your word is batty but he dropped his ID
at the scene of the crime did the crime
is a crime hearing if someone is a crime
highlight teca's Secord's
teca's Toby pick up the ID and the
police said sorry we're gonna have to
take that and tickers as in your word is
toasty once they identify the farmer
they all went round to his house Toby
seemed annoyed your toast he exclaimed
that was so bad I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry oh my gosh I'm sorry lobotomy hey
was even though a Hemi Demi semiquaver
the farmer looked at his wife and said
boss that gun lobe onto me ha ha ha
so I can shoot it the farmer ran into
his garden but before he could get to
lobotomy tripped over the father and
before he could get to lobotomy tripped
over i'm scissors why have you come on I
mean you know the show users idea just
came to many your word is potato wait
what happened he's fallen that was there
he just fell downstairs cuz you and the
police were chasing him but he wouldn't
have tripped over it
Simon didn't put a tow it away boom your
eyes here welcome back Arizona banoffee
but banoffee but now they had caught the
with farmer dudes they decided to give
him a band of me free a bag of any vanaf
any free third but not thee man okay
because he's in jail I was gonna say the
inspector said my job areas done burn
off he went
I was thinking there your word is
Satsuma and the story Toby wait is he in
jail or is he on the way to jail well
whichever makes more sense for your part
as they carted him away to jail Simon's
mum pointed and proudly shouted that
Superboy helped catch I didn't even
understand that what a terrible story I
was long we should never do this again
none of the author's away yeah Simon but
Christmas number one that wasn't a plan
blood matters well actually wasn't
planned as always make sure you check
out Toby and subscribe to him in the
description that's something else watch
it what's the name of the story the
story is called
pom titled yeah subscribe to slam on
babes watching we have food
