this is it this is it this is the game
changer ha ha the game yo guys what's
going on and welcome to the English test
with two of my favorite youtubers they
don't hear I'm here with raka raka y'all
they don't know what he do videos like
this they normally do them more like
this
yeah we paid and show that this is
probably had we did do the Pokemon video
a while ago which was fun and this this
one's gonna top it hahaha no I wasn't
going to say subscribe to them in the
description do you know what now
can you just subscribe to his oh yeah
why's the ground never know what is the
English test I was gonna explain all
right basically I'm going to ask you
guys some English slang on what it means
and you just have to tell me what it
means does it like English English or
English like London slam ok London I'm
ready no I will try and pronounce it as
well as I can
we'll start off very basic do you know
what a skit is is that like Skipton I
scared it's like a YUM that's a fish
that's a fish that is a fish though a
scare it's like a dickhead yes yes get
ideas
knitties lives it in a sentence see why
oh that girl was such a sketch she's
she's hot as fuck no it's the opposite
she's a slut
oh I assume you know what wagwan means
how is personal autonomy as I said
English was assessed why knees all like
what it's like when you're in class you
want skipper all that swag one white
white one that is trying so that's not
very
all right one your world one is a
close-up right sup man yeah it sounds
like if someone like if your face is
really swollen you said we'd go on more
born huh
moving on from life really suits enough
what do you think yeah a match is no
it's not potato I wasn't going to say
last dance
my man that shuffle so mush no it was a
graveyard smash mash it's the mash it
could also be referred to as a strap
strap actually no strap or have you ever
been calluses are shuffle no okay well
for some probably the next word is murk
look it's like mouthing off dirty Maki
Maki water loaded em II okay I mean
you're its American Americans like a
pubic wig say you play like a redhead
girl a female ago and you and your
flanges in shop but you're gonna have a
like an American that matches your hair
so I was like a pubic wig okay well it's
not that you just murked him oh you
lying stole from him no nice I just give
me an awful look like he's like Merc
American bomber is this cotton no you
sound like you got merriment ah do you
know what a valley is fuck off salmon
okay
sorry I feel bad about dr. ballet
no I'm Bali yeah a ballad of a gorge the
belly look it's like a flat huh
stop hanging out as English accent but
I'll give you a good yeah you wear all
these good values I could psych on you
know one of those things that you wear
are Chicanos round that's the call chain
on fit yes
let's distribute usually you know that
pies cross over between cultures don't
you cross over fuck you check out that
shadow what is it a Bali is short for
balaclava all right so the next one
gives us an easy one
yeah massive rats in your house do not
swear this house okay I'm gonna just
move on to one that isn't exactly London
slang this is just urban dictionary so I
don't know if you'll know it Alabama hot
pocket oh that's a firework no it is a
sexual act oh ha ha there has to be a
girl involved okay damn it um what's
called UV you and Sandra you and Jenny
you and JJ are the fanfiction thing
wants a friends Johnny you know yeah
I've lived with them for the last two
weeks then more than friends there's
something going on between even change
it put a parenthesis no it is when you
go inside her vagina
continue to have sex with it doc that
food you know that has a positive oh
it's disgusting
we're going to quizzes this you sick
fuck luckily that is actually the end of
my words Oh
and that was like five well it was six I
want one more one more
yes okay what does the word pen mean hey
I'm only paying someone for something in
there I caught you caught them out
hey what happened pain is when you're
attractive if you're an attractive girl
she is pain the other side is hot she's
hot
Jade I said isn't simon pegg what does
that mean victim only went to his room
your room yeah I slept together five
xbox tard pull out the room oh yeah what
is this is Australian slang let me start
off simple sorry
I'd like a kangaroo kangaroos koalas
Steve Irwin shit I'm out ah curry made
of dog oh don't curry dari is it is it a
spliff it's a cigarette fuckers I Spit a
cigarette at sorrows cigarette split fog
fog we use bugs so much but in a
completely different meaning Nina Reiser
we're weak or anything book like we call
Harry poke we went from Harry
Harold dee-do dee-do debug the bog when
you're like swamped fuck down oh yeah
down in what god no not in sight it's
like when your cars stuck in mud stein
stubby does it make sure short financial
I guess yeah it's a god not a cigarette
no stop e on I'll pop out of that
stomach both is better
now you stop in a stubby Hornet what is
it Stumpy's like a beer oh no no no no
lies - a bogan don't do that man I'll
fuck off get off me Mickey ocean water
that's a bogan they're always asking
stuff with Boris tough ha ha ha I'm
gonna leave
haha okay GBC this is a GC big icon and
yeah I'm too much ending let's go feed
enough this other side wanna make sure
you go check out there guys channels and
subscribe boy over there also to do that
carefully store this well hopefully they
would have done at the Stars and the
video soon as you guys go subscribe that
you guys did here and yeah face
