Oh where is it it's good oh I almost
lost the shirt how am I supposed to
never be under this award for sideman
book Guruji you can still get now now
I'm Susan if you want to share the book
is still in the description oh don't way
too many plugs for this yo guys what's
going on and welcome back to another
hunting we will go and now I didn't know
what the top comment was until I
scrolled through multiple pages of
comments searching and searching for the
top comment until eventually I found the
tweet someone else someone tweet so
thank you Alex for tweeting here but
basically Fang said not fangs Fang if I
manage to get assists or goals I get to
open the special pack on FIFA whatever
it is so if there's a 25k pack up your
life is 100 K back together if they're
Antony I get to open five seven and a
half K packs the other comments that was
near the top was to get Santi Cazorla
which I'm pretty certain you spelt it
wrong so guys for 20,000 coins we are
getting Santi Cazorla now was the most
like coin so I have to do it's gonna be
freakin expensive he's a cam but I'm
gonna have to play them as a cm unless
you guys do want me to make hunter a
striker a lot of people say it I'm happy
to do it it's just let me know the top
comment will be the one I do if the top
comment on this video is make hunter a
striker I will make hunter a striker so
we bring in the final factor boomer and
as the linkage although he doesn't link
that's a little bit disappointing but
it's still nice or well I mean Worley in
Division six and we have lost a game
word how do we lose some on someone
please please please please you know
what screw it let's go let's see what
I'm facing oh my days he has here and
hazard time company and chicken let's go
I guess I mean Eber is gonna be a hard
matchup for Hunter highlight who still
wears
right how are we gonna get through this
Oh actually you know what that's how Oh
what no no no no no no no here we go
here we go here we go go on play food I
didn't I wasn't aiming for hands up but
we'll take a pack what we yes we will
hi hunter you guys want him as a striker
be getting goals as a cam come here
little slag
give me your knees give me your kneecaps
what chill out there we go there we go
Oh what am i doing why here we go we
actually have a chance go no wait hunter
woof aah sighs please okay please
finesse eyes check he's so big not in
that way guys come on
into the area didn't expect that gone
and though go on and don't shit shit
shit yo he's stunned usually want to
play he's done yo I wasn't actually
joking he's done he's ain't playin
anymore
I'm gay I'm getting huntersam goals I go
and guess what go hunter get us a doll
all right all right wait wait wait
bang oh my god no I don't know not you
don't get gold we need hunter where are
you hunter if he's not playing I'm
allowed to do this okay guys I know
you're all gonna hate me but I'm allowed
hi hunter you've got a lip oh my god
there's no space there's actually no
okay now I have some space boom you're
actually you're taking the piss I just
scored such a sick going now I can't
school with no one playing this guy
that's how bad this guy is hi hunter
this is your time this is your time this
is your time ready get a turnout
you're gonna dribble round him why is he
not quite wise but I don't get it what's
going on all right hunter bang
just about you know what that's two
packs one more and it's a hatchery and
then we get over five packs fine no
hunter bang what is wrong with you there
we go there we frickin go hat-trick now
I don't know what to do because I feel I
feel like I can't get any more I've got
the hatchery why are you not playing
this is so much longer justjust just
quit I know you don't want to quit but
just just quit it saves everyone a lot
of hassle like that is ridiculous here
we go again rock-a-bye baby on the
treetop when the wind blows the cradle
will rock when the bough breaks the
cradle will fall but if you're gonna
just quit then I'll wake up honestly
it's about time you gotta go up man and
match
you got three goals notice this notice
okay that's fine that is still five
packs unless there is a special play and
there are premium packs they're 25k now
you know what we'll go for these I don't
know if I only get one though feel like
one isn't exactly fair we get what do we
get we get doesn't fit a team do we only
get one of those cuz that's not exactly
fair is it I think two of those is
probably fair there cuz then it's like
50k it would have been what would at
whatever we're doing - anyway it's too
late now
boom what are we lost a small flare it
is a nipple areolar I mean I can pull
these players towards a squad building
challenge I mean if you guys want me to
trade that and I can trade that in and
get a pack guaranteed next episode as
well so let me know that in the comments
as well you know what it's probably
gonna go I'm just gonna do it anyway
there we go now if hunter doesn't get a
goal in the next match I will be opening
this because I feel like I need it now
we got this thing we made a couple
changes we got Dini and we got Jones in
I'm keeping Anderson I should play drink
water but just really like Henderson at
the moment if I gear they can change
let's go division six I want safety I'll
drink water for drink water anyway
when he asked the Benzema and Griezmann
is the fences all right I mean it's good
it's a deal let's go team let's go come
on play that one playing nice and fast
nice and oh well oh that was close right
hunter you know what early chance why
does he always shoot with his left and
he's already got a chance and it's
Griezmann you have theirs ago brilliant
one nil to him hard it's gonna be one of
these games isn't it knows is it is it
it is it's gonna be one of those games
where I just can't score go on Dini
Gordini I should have passed I should I
should have passed but I mean I scored I
can't do that I have to focus on winning
before I get PACs oh here we go again
freaking Griezmann just everywhere that
is a ridiculously close huh honestly I
could be losing very easily but I'm not
that's the thing to focus on and I'm
gonna win here we go here we go got him
take such please for this boom I told
you we're gonna win
oh you know what Dini is sick it could
be my dad I'd land on me oh yeah of
course of course
oh good how how did he get out I don't
gay he's a granddad how is he getting
past people with pace ah back to where I
was a minute ago and that is awful I'm
losing again I was just winning what
just happened oh my god please can I
just can I just get some nice passing to
get a comp lit through I'm bang
Anderson have my babies Anderson yeah of
course he's away again of course he's
freaking away at causing freaking IED
Buckethead Griezmann I work so much
harder for my goals than he does I'm
trying all that attack and seeing if it
can work and it has what the brick just
have a win that please win that win that
nice head up nice go pass it out wide
please think such hunts it's hunter
hunters get hot Dini what are you doing
this is last chance and odd I think I
played it as Gollum night oh my god I've
just lost I named Navigo Lee
my goal is up I'm like oh are you so
much I know I was on all that attack but
that doesn't mean I want my goalkeeper
up there like that I've lost another
game in Division six why am i struggling
in Division six guys I failed you we
have six games left if I can get if I
win like three of them then you know
that's nine points that's not enough I
need to win four out of six jeez here we
go to regel players back give me
something good we get that's very small
Wheaton that's all for today let me know
about making him a striker a hunter that
is and also let me know if I should do
any more squad building challenges thank
us watch it post
you
