a casualty has occurred I am not hurt I
am fine basically there's no top comment
this week because the top comment I
could see had like 300 likes pretty soon
when I look today yesterday or the day
before there was a comment with more
like so I am just gonna say for this
this episode there is no top comment it
was something about if I score three
goals with hunter I get to open a
special paper I don't know where
whatever much anyway we are finally into
Division six and the team is getting
good we have a hundred chem we can still
switch over to this Spanish team but
they're a little bit tired so I'm
leaving them out for this game the team
is looking good but we still need that
sensor mid we still need a center back
maybe a left back for the BPO we got
20,000 coins we have a lot of coins
we're going straight into the first game
normally we don't do this normally we
you know we're doing something first
this time game first Thor fuck is that
kid really I have a red and white and
you're choosing pink on people man some
people divisions he's got a mustache
card here's a one to watch and a
mustache card what the hell am I about
to face I can't grow on my own go on but
I am want to watch who don't get it cuz
ok look at these kids I mean I can tell
the difference but it's not exactly
perfect is it Oh Musa Musa brawling
would drink water Oh Musa oh no Chris it
well that was so close ego there you go
and then pass it one more one more one
more
Oh most no that was under as my I should
have plaster wall motion night all those
the assists this could be an assist this
could be an assist it's an it says
there's one I think if we get two
assists it counts as a pack bangin
finish Dini
he gave them the D with his knee it was
this fuck but and some jokes are really
really hard to make oh boy oh boy hunter
hunt
Oh pen yes yes we could get another hot
to go now now how many times I'm gonna
say now here we go here we frickin go
Joe Sumpter now will we get one pack and
if you get another assist that's another
pack whoa
thup what the hell years of ridiculous
reflux Oh Hunter hunter go on actually
no one's coming at you oh I was actually
looking for an assist not even a goal
but he just doesn't want to tackle Alex
hunter see what I should be doing is
trying to destroy him so he rage quits
you know what I'm gonna do
destroy you I'm probably still gonna
look Val x hunter to be honest Santa go
on go on round one gone the sit assist
that's it
that's not an assist because why okay
you know what No okay okay hunter wasn't
there but we're trying to get that we'll
try and get the rage quit now I should
have been in the system Frick see ah why
can't I just get hunter another I mean
that was that was kind of good well now
I guess oh oh oh
actually but I'm being too selfish oh oh
oh yes yes Patrick we're gonna hard
drink I didn't even mean to do that I
gave up with that why haven't you quit
yet I'm fine nil up I want another pack
please seriously man come on I'm just
trying I'm just trying to make a decent
living here just trying to stop oh my
god he actually scored I get one more
assists than I get another pack that's
poor packs off of this I'm not again are
you serious why you keep thank you okay
let's get an assist now right now right
this second ready start the height music
now start the hype music we're getting
an Alex hunter assist ready look wait
the music's still going it's still
building come on come on come on come on
I know
we've actually worked the only thing to
do is actually try and school without a
Santa so I mean I may as well just try
and have a little run nope get tackled
straight away keep the ball I'll know
he's injured he's actually injured what
if what if he stays injured screw it get
rid of it Oh oh well that was a good
game wasn't it 3 goals 2 assists
solid 4 packs we get we get four of
these packs 7rk they're just the normal
I know I had trick should mean the
special packs but there aren't any so as
a horrible first pack don't give me
nothing all four pack a lot for back to
pre click here we get rare rare that is
oh dear
Wow small off loose triplet SMAT small
of two packs already and I've got
literally nothing I want to use at all
okay we get rep we don't even get rekt
shopping it's so annoying cuz I can open
one pack and get you know I could get
something to sit okay we get a thousand
coins I open one packed one time and I
got a walk out Jordi Alba this time this
is my last pack all packs and I get two
rares and the best player I get is
diabetes I hope I mean I've got the
Spanish side on this team but ya know I
don't know what I think about this team
it's kind of I don't like red links at
all there must be a way to do this
without having any red links and still
having Hunter and a Spanish league team
and the ppl team let me let me know
really wooda by someone but knows
they're just players and if you do I'm
sorry let's see your team brah let's oh
my goodness that's an awfully good team
are we on the red looking pitch this
pitch I don't know what it is it just
makes everything look a little bit pink
all gone gone what's up what don't freak
was that you know how to use your legs
right oh no oh no oh no he's very
defensive until no tongue why do I do
these things to myself Oh Hunter hunter
hood oh oh he's actually on it's
actually on he's actually on sup what
what guys for the first time ever and
pausing it for the first time ever I'm
going to the toilet
all right now I'm back it's time to end
this game okay no you don't want to know
no oh I hate these kind of games cuz
nothing happens and now ya gone you
wants to really wants to pass it but I'm
not gonna keep it you I swear keeper
keeper your boring friend I'm sorry to
say it but you are you're just you're
just a very dull player the triangles
I'm actually playing are very very good
but they're not getting me anywhere no
look at the look at the passing movement
look at look at it it's just it's
beautiful but then there's just there's
okay it got me somewhere that time
alright Dini Dini I need you Dini unnie
Dini you didn't make a good run come on
someone please please please please I'm
losing I'm actually losing to this guy
he's not good hunter you're not even a
player to me right now okay I'm just I'm
just gonna pretend like you're any other
player and I'm just gonna play the game
I mean I've been trying to anyway but it
just keeps stop playing like Jesse and
just crossing guys it's time we're just
going we're going all-out attack go on
please please get to that please okay
thank you
we have eight minutes to get pullback a
draw I will go down the line mate if I
have to I will play anything I have to
okay right turn back chump how has he
just tackled me how was I not been right
pass it in toss it in okay one more one
more one more
what the wait no how is he getting out
of this this is actually it
I've lost he's actually like time
wasting right and passing it about look
at him look at the disgusting play wait
go go go go go go go go go last chance
last chance pass it pass it one more
well what what do you do okay
you dumped very well you know what plus
it in one more one more
well no Fred Butner was a bad man it
wasn't I wasn't aiming for hunt I just
thought he had a better angle oh my god
I've actually lost again that is my
third loss Evan the second loss I had
was a disconnect when I was winning
that's my second loss ever anyway guys I
have 23,000 coins please please please
like each other's comment send me to buy
one play on anyway
nice watch in peace
you
