yo girls what's going on and welcome
back to another episode Oh wrap all crap
yeah thank you thank you I am joined
today with two very special guests
Jesse aka fangs and doobie and together
they are the rings United we don't know
how this works physically there's going
to be ten rounds I'm going to read a rap
lyric or a lyric that I have made up you
two will have to guess whether it is rap
from an actual rap song or crap as in
from my mouth so from your bevel yeah I
mean I don't write raps okay try you
never knew Caleb they call me brown
irreparable so before we start make sure
you check out boobie in the description
and subscribe there but for now you're
against each other you know working
together okay so there's no longer
that's fun and well I mean that is true
there's love between us hey-oh eight
bitches in one week like I'm a dog
walker rat crap
the answer is definitely hate saying I
could be rifle that was strong that was
strong right you should be no that was
actually very clever gonna be Jesse and
maybe bum oh ah
it's tots hey bitches but it won't wait
this is hard it's a very inspirational
lyric and we on earth but if you Saturn
me I would feel Uranus I hope you get
the wordplay there
yes yes you're in Uranus I'm going
we got three two that's okay just go
it's right yeah I really appreciate you
guys saying I could be a rapper
ah right now I just I was having a go
lot see the bride rapper number three I
have more hos than the ozone why would
the ozone air hose instead of hollow see
same hose oh okay three two one go crap
oh yeah no way
build a wall and get over it you know
from Silkk the Shocker my colleague it
sounds like this I got removed in the
ozone somewhat they close out we didn't
actually have anything on at the time
soon
oh yeah that's oddly good sonic desolate
I mean easily I don't know what kind of
speakers your foot sounds amazing sounds
to me like it's crap haven't said
anything Jesse he was playing the sound
for you this is round number four is oh
never let me slip cuz if I said then I'm
slipping that is you there's crap um rap
you might say dr. Dre's crap but Wow
yeah nothing but a G thang I thought I
knew that song - I guess I'm singing the
wrong words over
something to her that's your baby hey I
don't care if you're on beef
you can't pick me out I'm no gherkin his
fucking crap that is by your app by your
lap I can tell that I just got it wrong
see I couldn't choose that one last time
because it is an English grime salt like
that song I just figured it was
something you came before the toilet
again
yeah I mean the Gherkin part cut through
but I still know she was given a gherkin
oh sorry chipmunk chipmunk that was a
chipmunk right there I'm an animal half
man half mammal rat baby that's rat I
like how you to go different every time
I really like I don't believe in your
full nail up yeah she's fine Noah it's
for one yeah this lyric is big up big up
I said big on crap wrap you guys always
go different and that one was crap don't
like something that you and make up an
ID wrappers Tracy just strike again
highs around eight and it is 5-1 right
now so I've won one but there may be a
special random extra last question that
is worth more points yes male or Alize
round eight four wheels on a truck is
too basic I won 100 that's rap rap that
is deadly rap brown eyed rapidly said
the 100 I think I know maybe he wants
for 25 inch rims and he wants 100 inches
on that bitch
I don't know number die vase is red it's
flushed because I'm the shit that's got
to be the brown-eyed rapper yet yeah I'm
the shit that is
shit the brown-eyed rapper this question
may be worth four points Oh underside of
this a long time ago and just happened
to randomly work out okay
paparazzi ain't a problem we just hide
on the beach I'm going plague I'm
playing the countdown music right now we
gotta get the same camera it's not even
countdown dress jeopardy yeah doo doo
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo dis
again come on girl crap oh well luckily
it didn't end it doesn't actually that
you want anyway Jesse won a duster
ruslan is over the video the day as I
said earlier make sure you check out
them in the description there are all
the channels down below make sure you
subscribe while you're over there we did
do a video over on Jesse's channel as
well actually it's to check that out
that's all they say guys watching thank
you for playing rap or crap thanks for
having us why I hate your show it's so
bad it's crap if you did the Robert
Robbie would be proud
well that you wanted and poops
