in the beginning there was gone no I'm
not doing this okay basically guys I've
been at upload all weekend and the week
beforehand and obviously a while before
that we've been organizing the whole
thing turned out friggin insane and I
can't thank you guys enough for that but
basically my video today is one of the
live shows that we did while we were
there for both days we had a load of
live panels we also had a load of live
gaming stage stuff which yeah that's
what one of these is all of them are
going to be uploaded to the upload
YouTube channel which you can find in
the description below make sure you
subscribe there because we actually have
some other stuff coming out and all of
that and another see hopefully the next
one as well but basically today's one is
yes it is a little bit of a classic
basically I played JJ before we played
for the 10 million coins original 8
yours truly won that and then we played
for the hair down I don't really want to
mention who won that and if you remember
I turned into a redhead lesbian for a
while so today was a little a little
different one we decided to donate to
charity so whoever lost had to donate a
thousand pounds to the winner's choice
ended up being one of the best matches I
wasn't actually going to upload it but
because of the game and yeah we may have
made a couple or nothing I'm just saying
but because of that it ended up being
one of the best games of FIFA I've ever
played and I think everyone there
enjoyed it as well so I'm going to show
you this and hopefully you guys enjoy as
well videos will be back to normal
tomorrow I'm gonna be doing a raffle
craft with Jesse and doobie or fangs and
doom each year this is a video from
upload if you did enjoy upload and you
did manage to catch it on the live
stream or you did manage to come let me
know in the comments let me know what
you thought of it or for now yeah I'm
gonna go get back into a recording mode
because I've had little time off of the
steel is very very tiring weekend but
but it's it's back to normal now so
enjoy the video thing else watching and
a miniature yo-yo about about thousand
pounds to charity as well society
I'll pass charger ready may the best man
win
I'm actually nervous now who do you
think is gonna win this one I don't like
this question I don't love the first
JJ's gonna win make some noise oh it's
gonna win make some noise I said it's
gonna be a go
Linna good table wait here we go you
know what it's messy that's how we do
that's how we that's how we do a mile
under scim here Oh
Oh Kota
you know I've seen the future yeah and
I'm gonna score next over well am I I
haven't oh oh oh you know how I saw the
future I got a little fortune ball right
this is it do you guys think JJ can pull
it back yeah I think I can we did thank
what stop stop oh no no no no no no no
you you don't know how to play this game
B oh oh oh that's cute Oh oh my no stop
sushi the flesh-eating it's getting
boring now stop
your safety mother actually is you all
oh yeah you know I'm good you know where
I'm going but can you stop it that's the
question that's the question
Neymar Neymar Neymar Neymar oh wow will
he come from oh no no no no no no I see
him yeah oh no no no stay on him
balus I though the penalty and the game
and the game and the game oh what's that
waste going on there we go there we go
there we go there we go there we go
there we go there we go
look what you daniel freita my worry was
the owner you want a double or nothing
double pan over here let's do it I'm
broke your buddy George so what's
happening is a rematch
you don't worry man I'll see you
tomorrow all right second leg are you
okay right you're gonna be Simon thanks
guys
I think it's gonna be jayjay make some
noise oh yeah packing you this sorry
yeah how did this just happen right oh
and touch your luck oh um is it
aggregate oh yeah well we could I might
be here oh why did I just give the ball
today mom why did I just do that
why did I just Eisley uncomfortable Oh
No what's it O'Neal boy okay
what banks Go Go Go what the what are
you - what what are you why you not bow
bow now I know to score goals
so I'm scoring you see you see you see
whoever it says is the winner is the
winner is the winner right there we go
where is my team leaner
honestly I'm you know I'm goes about
doing that loss yup stay lost
please stay lost I know I know messing
oh thank you
last minute actually I need to focus
this is a bit of a coincidence we are
final minute of the livestream this is
it this is it
okay I am going to punch on ya I'm
crying inside
got a guy so much is the thing is the
thing is guys I'm like the stream is
over that's the end of the game the
stream is over the stream is not over
what is it not about to be ugly it's
about to be over in 10 seconds I really
think we should say guys everyone on the
stream we're gonna have to call a draw
we're both gonna donate how about that
so thank you for watching food
you
