yoga's going on and welcome back to
hunting we will go am I wearing this
jumper because I'm cold perhaps or am I
wearing it out of style probably not no
last time I asked you guys who to buy
and I made sure you guys would freaking
do it this time I have seen the top
comment and it was glorious it was by
Lucas Perez he will link the two teams
so you know what we're gonna do yeah you
guessed it we're not gonna buy Lucas but
now we are gonna buy Lucas presence does
just that's just banter so only 1,400 we
have a Lucas Perez guys we still have
14,000 coins if we win both games today
we will be in the next division division
six as I like to call it division six
cuz that's where the magic happens I
don't know why but someone tobe once you
know I just realized so I don't even
know why we're using this guy we
actually have a center back in the
Premiership Jagielka if we could get a
premiership center mid that's French so
that I could put my to center back that
would be a bangin team I mean we still
have 100 chem 81 rating I'm ready let's
see your team then heavy levelers is Oh
buddy Oh Dubrow yeah y'all come well
shit he actually has a lot of good
players oh yeah there we go
can tape let me know if would you buy
can say Perez is about to just destroy
him no you know what I learn I learned
that I need to not be as selfish with
frickin hunter I saw a comment that said
take away the packs for Hunter because
it I just become too selfish and you
know what it's true I'm not gonna take
away the packs we got two debuts this
game we got Jagielka and Perez debut we
need to win
get back get back America no do not
Maggie spit that is my trick it's right
my middle name is McGee nee look I can
go out wide but then what do I do here I
you know at dribbling dribbling nice a
nice let's go and blue boo boo first
time do you know how to do a first I'm
sure
apparently not come on Danny drink water
with the ball in her top if you dare say
that I was aiming for Hunter cuz I'm
selfish I will find you brunnelle
brunnelle plays the Hunter hunter lays
him off and then I'm really wait how I I
haven't happened I have it it's all gone
bleep boom what
how was he brought I can get that that's
marble that's my what what are you doing
I did a fake shot
Hunter plays him in the sit assist is
it's only an assist in my score why do I
keep saying it too early
what the a youth cos voice minute
it's just freakin 45th minute ha
oh what a sight Jared oh my days I'm
still in this Garret just get rid of
that all my days and we've made it to
hard time we're not losing its pretty
even it's a pretty shit game seem use
this who's this hello girls blue now
that's off oh that's how I'm gonna beat
this guy now I've got a goal he asked to
attack and if he attacks I have the
perfect attack back get an assist I
don't I don't I tried being not selfish
there and it ended up being worse Oh
sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar whoa
how does he have an iron oh nothing I'm
full I don't know look at Hunter's just
he's just caressing the ball around life
really okay have I have I have I have
fun ahh that was so close hold up mate
hold up hold up keeps you can't come out
for that keeps if you're not gonna get
there get rid get okay it's actually
work it's actually really worked what's
the back what knows that was gonna be -
hunter know in a selfish way stop saying
that I can see all the comments slowly
filling up with just hatred for Alex
hunter okay here we go
here we go oh please ignore my orgasm
sounds okay cuz it's getting a bit weird
now Jordi Alba with the place don't know
that's not okay you know what it is last
minute so we're gonna actually lay off
hunter to bangle I know you're gonna say
oh you could have got another gold there
we go we've won our first game we've got
promoted don't get any packs from this
but boom we've got promotion we're going
into Game two and this if we win this
game we get two packs I'm not gonna open
it until if I don't win I might spell
open my promotion pack this time unless
hunter gets a goal cos that would cover
him no I'm gonna play this team it seems
right I think it could work
hopefully Nate's game will go to a full
BPL team as well this guy's clearly a
Chelsea fan okay saying that he has to
Chelsea players and two Spurs players
okay you call it three Spurs players you
can yourself Chelsea fan he's got Chad's
get Chelsea badge and more Spurs players
than Chelsea player okay it's cool it's
cool man I'm not here to judge I'm a
Leeds fan so you know I'm a Leeds fan
way to Watford sure I'm just saying
because of that I will have to destroy
you I think he's one of those players
that doesn't actually play the game he
just lets the computer do everything for
him because every time I look at what
doing he's not he's not really like
coming at me it's always his computer
players do I speak English when I say
this stuff because I feel like I'm not
actually saying anything in English I
don't keep that on I don't want that do
i or do i or do I pass bang you just man
I'm on oh my days
how have I just missed that ain't that
was the easiest shot I didn't realize I
had Manny on my team and so he's gonna
square it in Oh unbelievable Misha what
I can honestly see the atrocious that
had been me I would have broken it I'm
trying to figure out if this guy's any
good or not he doesn't seem it but at
the same time we're just you know we're
not getting around very nice we're
winning this game oh hello Alex hunter
where are you there you go take touch
and then variance that was a very dumb
shot hunter I want a goal today I'm not
gonna get it might have to just get a
ragequit if I can but I can't score okay
where do we go where do we go they go
there's the run from Hunter that I
wanted Oh gah so we finally got to go
and it wasn't akka it doesn't matter
well i explaining myself to you
I appreciate you but I'm just I'm just
questioning destruction it is destruct I
mean destruction hello play him in gone
tickets up wait no no no no no no lay
back and that was I didn't know that was
hunt it doesn't matter anyway I didn't
know that was hunter though when I
passed the back okay I don't know why I
keep explaining myself to you I just
want you to like me hello who's this
who's that why did I pass I don't know
why I keep doing that
I mean it's 3-nil it work shouldn't have
worked but Perez is actually doing all
right for us okay it's three oh no no no
no no no no no bad touch
Oh outside please oh you little bitch
you tried it I can't believe you tried
it for that I'm actually gonna have to
score again I'm actually I'm kind of
upset with you
little bit Oh hunter gold two packs wait
what did I say if he if I get hat-trick
with hunter cuz I mean it might happen
it might happen my heart stopped maja
ah there were you here worse now hunter
is there no hunters there he's there on
the edge for a furnace from ah that
would have had to be in a good fit hello
at least we have four packs boom there
it is won the title we got 5000 coins
we're starting to get like enough money
for a good play I'm gonna open two of
these instead of four packs because what
the rule is it's gonna be seven and a
half K packs leaves the fifteen so one
you know two equals one of these hazard
on the front please give me something
good give me something good okay we go
that's a small flat okay
okay Aaron Lennon for the TV goody-good
I mean we have a very central team but
he could work that was pretty
disappointing but we have another one
and we're doing weddings in two I know
everyone's good like you said four but
these are bigger that's it's no small 81
82 82 maybe I don't want you 78 that was
a lot smaller than I thought she's that
is horrible our team is looking good we
have 21,000 coins we did also sell with
a see us for 900 so let me know 21,000
coins the most liked comment with the
one I choose thank us watch it and place
you
