yo guys what's going on and welcome to
shocking knowledge yeah you know that
I'm back in hospital
I'm putting Josh on the TENS machine I
am also on it we're gonna be answering
some general knowledge questions with a
50/50 chance of getting it right we'll
take it in turns and you get it wrong
you're gonna be no we're bitches
yeah we're gonna be doing first two five
so once one person gets five right
that's it their jobs let's get a fire
fight straight away and that's it noon
anyway I let me wave I'm so intelligent
let's get five right don't get tapped at
all well I have control so we'll get an
app anyway before we start as you guys
know we have upload coming up this
weekend which we're pretty excited about
so we're going to be live streaming all
the stage stuff to a channel called
upload which is in the description make
sure you subscribe to that so you can
see everything we're doing over the
weekend we're also giving away two
tickets as it has sold out it sold out
in first four minutes of it going up we
give away the two tickets all you have
to do is subscribe to the YouTube
channel then screenshot it and tweet our
upload event and then you'll be in with
the chance of winning two tickets sighs
everything but please subscribe so you
guys can see how we get on with our
event and yeah it's time to shop you
ready we're talking oh you're lucky
these are these are many like questions
that you should know the ones that make
us look so stupid that's exactly the
issue this that's why this is called
shocking knowledge what is the capital
of Australia is it Sydney or Campbell
I'm happy that I am I show your
knowledge what is that it's Canberra
mate it is a lot easy which body part
stays the same size from when they are
born until the time we die you know
that's not fair coz for you as your
penis yeah if you could grow your I look
so stupid if I get as Ross do you think
that do this is that obvious I don't
comment on this I'm it's not my best in
sorry class I'm asking you know what
what turned off I got scared I'm scared
I actually don't know what you're hardly
the same size the whole time
or the eyeballs by oh my heart grows
with love I'm trying to imagine you like
how I do my job the child once so when
you was a child
yeah sure you know what I'm actually
gonna go with the eyeball your eyeball I
know it's gonna be analyzing it with
know if I know - I screwed don't have
but I Riedel I will please okay fireball
I was great yeah which country has the
largest population India or China we
just plug you it in case you get wrong
yeah and you have seven million people
on it in the first place yeah straight
okay they send billion people in the oh
I'm Jim bumper buy one for free or in
India billion finally Red China you're
all right Salman got a job three
questions I have a business the little
bit confused with that joke so I just
had you plugged in right own it haha you
ready yeah how do you imagine school
masses yeah muscles your own quite mass
yeah this money bad what's the line
called this isn't to do with maths
between two numbers in a fraction
vinculum or is it called a factorial I'm
gonna just
I think fractals too obvious so I'm
gonna go getting yeah you're getting a
baby
yes good luck my the quick brown fox
jumps over the lazy dog
why is it okay for a lady bouquet that's
the sentence what is special about that
sentence it uses every letter of the
alphabet or it is a palindrome just make
sure this is plugged in one sentence the
quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog
he's every single letter in the alphabet
so you go for those where are we so
clever
everyone's seen they go I'm 12 and I all
the answers I know last fall it was the
only mammal that can jump is an elephant
yeah
a giraffe which one of them what well
you can't jump both of them jump look
like it's fun
my head job I see the elephant football
World Championships I don't remember
them jumping he's working that dude crap
on you got your videos oh okay
it's a very flexible have to go over
this really clever Oh actually yeah I'm
just stepping up a notch
yeah it was like write your questions
hahaha okay Josh this one I think sue me
yes who invented the electric chair was
it a dentist or a carpenter it's gonna
be a full a full on guess and get a
dentist straight up yeah dentist cuz
he's a personal challenge maybe like
fucking sit still
yeah only gonna fill in it I thought
your bitch your knife the cockpits are
actually too clever always any food
nothing spoil honey or vinegar
what are those Twinkies I'm pretty
certain I've seen so but like used by
dates on both of them I mean vinegar
smells pre rank anyway oh my god vinegar
oh no no I made a mistake haven't I know
you turned it off I don't know but it's
happening take your punishment
I know this one yeah oh poor you have
ten seconds to answer these for now
changes you know you don't want five
seconds you got five seconds for when I
finish reading the question the answers
a no horses faster cuz you guys go it
wasn't what happened is about food if
it's boy wat men mistake you have
passion got that where two flamingos get
their pink color from Nikki from someone
can carotenoid pigments in the food they
all their genes their genes find
guillotines you go James
if you need a pigment from fatigue wear
skinny jeans okay right again finger it
was everyone finger that no definite a
California okay ahaha
that I was like but fingers are like
twitching so the score is currently four
three so this is the level what is the
strongest muscle when you human body one
dick tongue or biceps tongue after are
you oh very because I've looked in a
mirror I have no biceps your eyes very
easy question that one what cuz I mean
like by tech changes of the singer name
okay so this is to go to the score limit
obviously I could draw which body organ
okay secretes insulin pancreas or liver
Pincus is your pancreas
please don't believe I was that noise I
was your baking the noise of that right
so I have to get this right to tie the
scores at five all if I get it wrong
George is automatically the winner you
made a mess of a question about an
animal again a hard way no way unplug me
yeah that's our same first we disrupted
- do you have a question about an animal
again Nana will be an elephant okay no
okay I'll get on an elephant's pregnancy
last two mumps or 22 months 22 months a
long time humans and I'm not your five
seconds I'm gonna go with shorts five
seconds let me go to two months
I feel like 22 I know that big and
everything but 22 months oh shit is it
let's say please
I figure that what was it turn it off
penis dick much turn it off it was
California that was it come on
Vic Bickman ah tingle another note I was
like okay guys could you just shopping
doing your fingers it's this finger so
that is all for shocking knowledge if
you want let me know who you want to see
on here next I'll get someone a lot
dumber than Josh so they get shocked
Cheney's Gameboy oh yeah check on a date
okay we also did a video on josh's
channel which you can check out in the
description and subscribe
as I said make sure you check out
offload and subscribe to that as well
Judit bastard finger finger California
thank you guys watching oh oh they
appealed off on free we career I'm free
oh so you got some pain hey young
fortune and
