that's right I am going to win both
games today that is a promise
we're getting rid of Ryder finally we
are swapping him out and we are finally
using Griezmann this is the team we are
using today we've swapped out a few
players we finally brought in Griezmann
I told you I'd use them when he fit you
guys haven't told me who to get as the
best player if you have it's got lost in
the comments and I'm very very sorry we
have sold out at all four three hundreds
and we did get a comment telling us to
go okay that's this side this time I've
changed it for once we did to get a
comment telling us the so Casillas
because he's expensive now Lucas see us
we're just gonna put him there see what
happens 13,000 coins let me know who to
buy sorry if you did okay it's just at
YouTube comments don't really work to
wins the day will take us almost to
promotion so the only way to get back to
date is to get hunter goals let's do
this team I'll star killer yeah well
you're in the right place to try and
kill a star
haha that's me okay very very very good
events the decent team all round
you know what your team seems like the
star and I'm going to kill you please
don't tell my mom I said that because
she's not a fan of violence so you know
I don't want her to think that I'm
actually gonna kill someone
ego hunters got chops entirely shot two
minutes if Hunter's going to go in this
game season through gone assists if we
get two assists remember that counts why
didn't I take an extra touch what am I
do it go and get that nice ref thank you
we're trying the tides occur just
pummeling it into the near post and the
capable did curve a little bit more than
I meant it to
Oh what why is my keeper coming out of
this what you doing okay so I'm one down
already in 12 minutes I'll go on hunter
oh okay okay look at all I take so long
to shoot okay Musa all I use you for his
pace just keep running
you can outpace him nice nice hunter is
that you by post it is Hudson no wait no
okay nice nice nice nice oh no wait
that's not Musa
it's Griezmann what is debut I might
need to buy Griezmann after this just
feels so much nicer no in a weird way
just he genuinely feels nicer to play
with this is solid we have a very very
good shot hunter this is an assist does
this count
does this count as an assist I don't
know I don't know I don't know if that
it doesn't matter anyway he has to score
for it to be an assist here we go Hendo
Hendo I can always count on Henderson to
turn in lay him off take touch and this
is like foot champs all over again why
can't I score please and he gets through
one more time go I'm gone yeah stay back
stay back
oh my god he's shit vegan he's seriously
I am losing this game to Neal I'm not
just losing I'm losing to Neal can I
please get one before halftime just one
just one just one just no not that no
that was a min ago that okay hunters
done really well hunter no why was that
not fake sure please Hunter hunter
please please if I could take this ha
you think it on it we've got one with
the one and his odds ago okay we gained
your pack and we could potentially still
win this game they're ready 1 2 3 a 1 2
s 1 2 s this wasn't really a 1 2 but we
still have a shot I'm in and hit me
across there we go we're back in before
halftime I deserve this no I mean I
deserve to be winning I don't deserve
this I don't deserve some tour oh that
was a bull through from Hunter which
means Moosa cannot shoot the shit holy
cow he's suddenly got what the wood that
was a puss for me I believe all I gotta
do is wait till he lunges in cuz he
lunges into so many tackles but I just
don't
look what am i doing there what was that
look ready pass it up
okay now we now we go wait no we turn
back we turn back and then we turn back
up nice
it's Griezmann I think he's left weird
what a save he is a hand of Steel twenty
minutes left and he's making us up I
don't want to know who he's gonna bring
on okay here we go here we go Musa Musa
Musa please no no no no no no no no no
hunter stop this run if hunter literally
continued I was so focused on getting
onto that goal.i he's definitely got his
older brother playing he sees a hundred
percent guys older brother playing right
now cuz he suddenly turned ten times
better is this the final chance is this
the Photoshop
oh why did it yes yes hunter it could
have been a winner in another pack
that's it we draw again oh my bones
oh I drew the last game on the last
episode and now I've drawn this game I
shouldn't have the only thing we can
take out out is that firstly we now have
safety in the division and also we do
get a seven and a half K pack because
hunter did get a goal so this is it this
is the moment of truth please it's a
rare that's an average rares like an 81
Coleman we actually had him alone that's
actually solid because we had him on
alone and we were using him so now we
can actually use him have to worry about
him disappearing after he's done like
some with some cheap before in the
island morning-after and to go back in
and we need to win this game is the team
we're going for no Spanish league
players this time drink waters on don't
have water but you know like squash will
do I know he's not called Danny drink
squash before you say it another leads
fan why do I get Bob again so many leads
phone on I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
jumbo sausage I can't complete you now
we get one good time to destroy well it
is time to destroy you I mean look at
those red lines that's pretty horrific
come on then schrock's as you like to
call yourself right past the feet pass
nice and then play them in and then do
nice mush why does that like he's like
hope he's a big dude you know here we go
here we go positive
Hunter oh God but what the fuck are you
doing onto your face in the wrong way
far side Musa Musa see you in there
Hunter are you did a good leap it was a
good greatly hunter seen you in there
good
oh okay does that was that an assist
I mean I have to school why do I keep
asking if it's an assist I've got this
guy completely pegged in but I just
can't finish it one there you go that's
gotta be that's got to be beep them a
bit foul
I've been fouled and by the way whoever
wrote this this comment ear okay look
I'm gonna press up and it won't appear
well this is all good it's there already
anyway that's what I do normally okay
but here we go hunter please please
please I'm gonna go where he pointed
please boom oh oh no hunter actually
does get quite a few goals why are you
talking to me I can't hear you my man
like cap gun Tom's on a run he turns
back he lays him it Oh unlucky cap gun
it was a good effort
run Dini run Dini run Dini run Dini you
know what no no no I can't I can't I was
I was gonna pass it to but I just I need
the gold yo if he's not playing I don't
give a shit I am trying to score with
Hunter because it counts it you serious
are you serious okay could this be an
assist for thingy wait I don't ok
doesn't nice that's nice go on actually
boom why do you have such you your shot
is honestly like a six year old girl
shot hard time and I'm two-nil up I
can't really complain I've already got a
pack for Hunter I mean his name was time
to destroy him he ain't destroying
nothing come on callback pause the back
there's no I didn't look up I just saw a
player and I thought it may have been
hunter I'm not racist honestly I'm so
please can you just get in the box for
an attack I just all I want is for
Hunter to score right now but I can't
okay okay ref oh so close
do i do i just be selfish do i I could I
could be I could be I was enough just I
was a little extra swing okay this is it
this is where I can get a parson this is
where I can get past the police just
Josue's is last chance saloon and who
wears they wear something you need we
need Hunter please I'm sorry
that's oh wait oh there's so many
there's too many there's too many or is
there who is there yes there's too many
I should have just shot when I did the
first one instead of faking it but we
get two packs and next time I need to
win both games and I get the title so
now we get two of these come on Dima
real
please just give me if I could get
another walk our had one walking it's an
on rare that is poor I don't want none
okay but it's the right legs not good
come on you need to do better for me
hammers if you can do better leave give
me a red another non rare Wow and ease
him again we just got rid of him
Wow Steven Pienaar a very unconventional
method but that team it is exactly what
I need so I can submit that and I will
get another two player rare gold player
path thing anyway let me know whether to
do that let me know whether to get a
player thank you guys for watching
Oh
they look
