yo guys what's going on and welcome to a
brand new series slash video idea that
someone that may have done before but
I'm doing it now for the first time this
idea is called rap or crap why do I
other's voices I will be reading a rap
lyric these two have to decide whether
it's rap from a actual rap song or crap
in terms of I have just made it up
there's going to be ten lyrics and
whoever has the most points at the end
wins the first song lyric is big cars
big cars everywhere I look big cars boys
is no good gentlemen please select
whether you think that is rap or crap no
conferring milk over a counter against
each other made of coffee ready to come
down
dude I'm good did it anything you just
come down
yep three two one boom we think that is
rap and we think that is rap guys see
you made out video I'm Steiger up career
that was me I was like he's gonna start
off with a tricky fluffy your thing is
rap these days exactly man yeah is that
what you call it in your lays on Jenny
okay okay now that manny has fixed his
signs that's kind of the job wait this
is rap this is crap round Oh pimpin like
I need the money for books
what nerds said that three to one we
have rap and crap that ladies and
gentlemen is the work of the young mini
vinter Oh
it is one little party you can see how
little paper I have in raccoon you can
see how low babe open like I need the
money for book nose and mustache
retarded sentence I can say the next one
is I forgot I take a flight to Spain
just to heat a baked potato
oh this is gonna be representin let's
see your answers in 3 2 1
we have rap and crap in as to know too
many it is not to nil to manage Wow was
a song that was refract by mr. popular
that's a great lyric let's see actually
if I can find it let's hear it Mike just
so he they'll bake the tape that sounded
like something you would say as well so
I was so tempted to go crap the next one
is how many times can I say it you can't
handle my sperm okay I'm going on
already no Yogo mole yeah yeah all right
three two one go rap and crap that was
crap yes come on man seriously I don't
know rap lines for me back but what do
you think'll in your spare time please
does so that is two one two Toby now so
this is round five guys we are about to
be halfway through yeah yeah yeah anyway
rap time take me out of these handcuffs
I like eating salmon I can't be in
handcuffs what a bit mine bars is you
we have crap and crap
that is really really mean to shy glitty
oh wait I mean dollar sign hi guys
Lizzie Lizzie hello is that person
saying I mean they have a dollar sign in
that name so you can only a so assume
they're only money
that's how rap words right yeah I feel
like I should get JJ and an episode of
this I'm just do piece for it so it
remains to one we are halfway through
okay so this lyric is mouth so dirty
soap won't work you'll have to get a new
one where did you find my kidding rap is
fuck crap who knows and they crap or is
it rap find out find out in three two
one boom we have crap and crap you guys
know me so well yeah it's three to the
Tobii right now coming for you know it
Oh focus on the craft not the other side
number seven
pull up with skid marks like your
drawers when you see me what is it gonna
be this is the tenth one this one oh
shit in it Oh Frick Oh friction sounds
like a rapper as well three two one
boom we have rap crap at least you think
I could be a fresh no it's a we Bob
there was a little bit of wear tonight I
tried to add the word drawers as well so
that you think is Americanized you know
the Simon with the dollar sign
five dollars no no Simon round
everything for us that worked in that
round eight it's like Jurassic Park but
I'm your sex the Soros no way no way
no no take me home take me home was easy
what Lyman he's fitting to go
contestants look in your answer three
two one
oh crap rah I mean you can call him crap
but our Kelly to me yeah silence see ya
know you color didn't can't avoid
besides that was our Kelly the zoo which
sounds like this
I'm your sexist onstage he could be a
sex a service if you wanted this is the
penultimate question and it is currently
for three this one is I am the shit like
I slithered in poop
ready no fucking way is that one way
we'll find out in a second
three two one we're going for rap he's
gone for crap ironically cuz poop
unfortunately it is Hopson Hopson
smuggles bat lowball and soon they say I
don't know that that is awful that's the
correct terminology he spat those balls
I'm the shit like I sliver them it
doesn't even make sense
why does sliding in poo make you become
shit now the final question you ready
can we can we dim the lights that is
racist
what oh you actually turned in the luck
no no I'm kind of work okay thank you
mentor smooth can we also add in a heart
be affected at it yeah the final one is
i'ma go hard like a mother fucking boner
you ready are you ready ready
alright three two one boom he's got four
wrap these off around I mean it it was
rap yeah it was bills will.i.am for
Williams his mother probably cuz yeah
does that mean it's a time to time were
the hardest ever was his song name he
must have taken some viagra
so we go to tiebreak Wow
copy nigahiga much okay so now you guys
are only gonna have three seconds dancer
the lyric is shoot him in the hip cool
that choose quit three two one
is that crap is represent this is a big
moment oh this is a big moment we're
about to have our first winner on rapper
crap and the winner is money it's money
money will you just mix know I was
trolling that was caboose you heard of
us remix that is all for this gangster
show mani you have won a prize I don't
know it's about rap you have won a prize
money get money as the first winner on
the very first episode of rapper crap
you win tonight special prize apply
network we also want to say thank you to
our great contestant Toby and you can
check out both of them in the
description subscribe while you're over
there thank you guys watching as I said
make sure you subscribe to them in the
description peace
