ah you got a text
ah exit I'm sure you guys have a nice
car yeah not bad she dumped outside
you've got yours on I'll get mine down
my oh yeah that's good maybe what
seriously that's a shooting today son I
wouldn't miss this video for the fucking
world so what we did again yeah young
really explained that Sasuke just now
okay
young girls I do monitor okay young
girls going on and welcome to an advice
video with two very special guests we
have Josh Peters and we have counts
always second you always put me second
best to everyone else Hanson EOS is
asked you guys on Twitter to send in
some what problems you guys are having
and that we could give you advice and
obviously we are the three best people
to give advice cuz we have a lot of
shoes ourselves did you see that photo
I've been taking about 5,000 times of
your face and even this one yeah exactly
every second so the first one they're
all anonymous the first one is the boys
at school are playing this pervy game
where they try and pinch girls asses
it's making a lot of the girls
uncomfortable even though the teachers
see it they don't do anything about it
what do I do now just going to be good
advice or bad advice what what do you
think they should do this is a serious
issue
fuck you know so on a real yeah the
other day I was in a taxi in someone
else he really loved it I was in a taxi
that day and and this this boy was on a
bike and he said Miss Gold Posse is like
boy she's signaling because I come in
give me a fucking hug Jesus I was just
like wow is that how people speak to
people without even though I don't agree
with it hopefully was doing in like a
bit of an endearing where you know like
I would never do it
I like you yes but I don't like her
Kimiko it starts with like a pinch of a
girl's bum yeah but now is semi sexual
assault yeah and then it might move well
so it's good to like stop it there and
you're like nibble in the butt that what
don't nip it in the butt no the vodka
open in the butt it's a big problem yeah
that is that sounds like shirt kind of
plenty of other ways you can flirt with
girls
thank you cut the hand grab a boob what
can zoom okay the next one fuck me
that's long I'm gonna set there in a
boarding school and the shower and the
toilet seat was separate obviously the
shower and the toilet spirits and some
time together - I keep though there were
multiple cubicles of toilets and showers
opposite each other okay if I got
personal actually go in depth
information I was taking a shower one
day suddenly my stomach started to hurt
and I took a shit in the shower because
I couldn't control myself
it was just one big piece we were on a
hockey tour you know like team showers
like Evert you know there's like open
showers at like a schoolyard everything
yeah okay which was just checking
nothing quit it they're taking the piss
because this was my school uniform the
scan artemius I gather the funniest
thing I was in the shower and then I
just took a shit and stuffed it down the
drain at night something on what's that
website called I'm auditioning ever Nick
che cool something I was gonna work yeah
we look at it yeah I'll put it here yeah
oh how are they gonna see that it there
so basically she didn't know what to do
so she ran out found a plastic bag pick
the poo up put it in a toilet
yeah wait little were they all showering
and when the should have yeah so they
were all in the cubicles holders left
yet hundreds register yeah that's all of
them
no I kicked it down like you don't
actually put your foot in the poop yeah
yeah and then you know you'd get some
under your toenail so you kind of like
pick it ah ha ha
you would I would I would have to have a
snuff that I wouldn't go next it
necessarily down tip you'd have okay you
can leave yeah
the next one is basically she was with
her friend and two guys okay
so there's four he goes what's he boys
two girls two boys the girl likes both
boys I guess the girl disappears with
one of the guys she may have put hot pin
in her mouth she then received them to
the other room with the other boy the
same girl and there is some moaning so
now they've come back out and all four
of them are sitting there what does the
other girl do for 100% no doubt if she
doesn't have the guy still full yeah
it's finally an opportunity to go down
like that
both guys also had girlfriends invite
the gun the girlfriend six ways the
sittings way and six a single two guys
no doubt about it let everyone get
involved naked but what to call the soup
kitchen huh who's even ever heard this
the next one is I emailed my teacher
homework because I have dyslexia so I
have to know use a computer for it using
my account my friends know that hello
shit unfit one of my friends actually
faked the dyslexic tests I so did my
closure they could go over to exam
Catholic land that he had slow
handwriting and he got to use computers
in his in his slower handwriting so
using my account my friends send it my
teacher three emails showing pictures of
random one-inch wonders I have to see
her in class tomorrow
never never yeah well that was my
friends that's that's all you can do
that's all you do yeah I mean that's
either that or you just kind of play it
out and go literally walk into class and
then like for the whole session you're
sitting there wide legs and going right
miss haha how you doing yeah maybe you
just have to like play it cool just be
like you get my emails that's it never
never mention it again and then if you
get brave you go I could one into you
bitch
sorry lol no no on my way to school I
accidentally stepped in a pile of shit
I kept rubbing my foot on the ground in
Simon's Channel
that is good I kept rubbing my foot on
the ground to remove this year from out
of nowhere a homeless guys snatched my
shoe and ran away what do I do in the
next the next time this happens firstly
I don't know how often that happens is
that a good thing or a bad thing
I assume a bad thing at around let's add
a soup kitchen afterwards I'm wondering
if the homeless guy knew that it had
shit on it it trapped in our okay yeah
interesting Karma for the homeless guy
might have got some shit on his hands
like was it stepped in poo took off and
run run off but it why was it like a
solid like 20 minutes Ibaka
yeah loves you debacle great word right
what kind of advice do you think this
person was hoping for I don't know you
know I mean it's like this is for that
story you pick your shoe often and don't
stick yeah next time just like foot it
down a drain all right and on you knees
again time really really fucked up here
I want to play for my Sunday League team
but they won't let on his shit cuz ooh
Bonnie's shitty shit for Weaver but they
won't let me because I'm shit I remember
pranking my female classmate before by
putting ketchup on a chair without her
knowing while she was on her period she
was absolutely mortified thinking her
period had bled through and she didn't
have any spare trousers to change in
since she has no idea about it still do
I confess I say you need to start a
YouTube channel yeah I mean yeah you
should have filmed that I should have
film that or do it again or do do it
every time again because her reaction
will be even better now when you don't
have any of those videos left you can do
say anything challenge like Alex does
haha yeah we'll see I love the video on
his channel we did a video ninja
challenge you can check out the
description um yeah we'll move on
quickly
the final one have you ever been shaving
the crack of your ass and your mom walks
in mmm have you ever had that no she
sees you stood there with your hunchback
and a razor up your ass looking like
some kind of next generation Quasimodo
she screams and shits herself and you
jump out your skin ripping your asshole
to shreds with the razor all because my
girl wanted to experiment with eating
ass okay does he just go oh I kept
getting pookal in it mmm
yeah dude hate that you gotta have why
don't we have the day the baby no we do
it it's use a bit and then you give it a
final giving final why wait doesn't
change over the day Jacob should we get
rid of yeah giving up a few inches later
all right
what if you just pretend that like
that's how you normally shave for say
like you like why do you shave
everything and that's it like many of
your mom's all you doing I'm shaving
she's like why do you do that isn't that
what you're supposed to do so you shot
up everything you played boggle
yeah well you can see you're draining
like the swimming team we don't want any
bits poking out that's that's a good
answer
we better solid answer right so that's
all for today on this advice video
thanks for watching make sure you check
out both of them in the description that
we also did videos on their channels
which you can check out down there
subscribe while you're over there
thank you for watching thing has been
here for thanks having a sauna yeah
hopefully our advice helped someone out
there who knows anyway thanks watching
yeah
should we just fuck off your video girl
yeah I'm like we've done it so I'm down
to just stop all right let's see more
video
you
