what we's then we said button undone or
we said you know like button done fuck
is wrong with the button done like that
we said um I think I but I'm done yo
guys what's going on a welcome back to
hunting we will go last time we packed a
walkout and we got into division 7 won
our first game we also had out the door
who did sell for 300 so we have 12
thousand coins ask you guys what to do
3 comments were clearly above the rest
number 1 drink water every time drink
water scores so I mean I've got a little
bit left I don't think it's going to
score today though number 2 every time
hunter gets 2 assists I get to open a
patent I'm not gonna do this over
multiple games it's going to be if he
gets two assists in a game I get to open
a pack because it's time to become too
many packs and the final one was build a
hybrid team between the league Assante
and dave and the BPL team because we do
not pretty good League Assante and air
players so this is a team I propose for
now we've worked in three league us and
NBA players it looks really nice this
team perhaps I was a little bit actually
way if I just do that okay there's an
extra nine cap wow wow how did I not see
that that team is solid if we swapped
him Fenderson and that's 100 Kevin but
obviously he is very tired and so his
drink water but the team's solid enough
for now so we are going into a game if
we manage to win both we get safety in
the division but I want a hunter goal
because I don't think we get what we
can't get any pacts the room getting
promoted or anything today so hunters
getting a goal Oh another leads fan
really I mean your leaves fan you have a
good team as well it's gonna be even
more disappointing when I destroy you
girl now on a real I'll probably lose
let's see if he's any good gone give me
the ball let's go straight away come on
hunter let's all to assists will be a
little good enough ok you know what no
hunters gotta go oh we already have a
back 1 minute 50 and we already have a
pack I told you he's getting a goal now
this isn't gonna end well for you mate
this is not gonna end ok wait how's it
look we're gonna get gold we're going
for another goal come on come on hunter
hunts it nice turn in take them and play
I should have played hunter we're
getting another goal let's go right now
go right now there you go far side and
then take touch in pass shock him good
eye wait was arms up I should have just
been selfish
what that's a read that's a rage quit
rage quiz another plaque is that hunter
there I think that is sweet if I could
play that seriously sit okay hunter
hunter oh it looked exactly like I
wanted it to know this is best two bags
already Rach please three pack
ha ha ha here we go I'm going for the
rage quit now you know what
smash it a crock pots are safe nope you
didn't save it gnome is three nil in 18
minutes
just quit just get out now go three
packs let's go Game three but oh ah
three shots three on target three goals
McCullough it's just beautiful there is
a 25k I could you know that is normally
a row I can sacrifice the read into one
and that is a 25k pack you know what
screw it that is one pack okay we're
gonna open that instead of three we're
gonna open that you may not agree with
me but I know you guys want to see some
good packs so here we go give me a good
player please sonic boom no that is
awful really okay
Oh Casillas ah I ran over my foot
Oh anyone good Chucky Oakley another BPL
player and another video player out the
door again weak ah my leg first comes
the lessees minute squad builder
challenge game two and now we can play
drink water always got the Movember key
hey I don't know how you gather does I
mean he's good please don't tell me that
means he's good please tell me he's good
oh this could be a difficult game hey
ever like a brought in Atlanta let's do
this - come on we can get another
ragequit or at least another hunter gold
okay um this guy might be alright
I mean this this is the test isn't it
this is the test if he scores this then
he's obviously not bad but I don't think
I was going on target I just keep the
ball for more than 10 seconds this guy
doesn't give me any jobs what are you
doing don't tell me that's Danny that
okay Danny you've done all right you
that is a shocking Baca come on hold the
ball seeing you part I've seen you
plateau go on take a touch and
yet oh good effort it's a good start
finally have a chance someone hunts a
run near poster okay
take touch take a touch and cross to
hunt up that was a terrible leak come
here man cut
oh my Daisy stop me come here come here
man that's my ball
oh nice or match you the new boy that
hunts are there I've gone for a pastor
Hunter hunter turns him turns the man
can eat no ref that's a pen no I would
have been a pet if it wasn't outside of
I wouldn't have independent do you know
what you know what I'm trying to say
here there you go come on Julia but look
at the place look at the place back post
what the hell was that I want back post
that wasn't any post okay so - pass pass
fit get that get I get they get they're
gonna lose this grown out will say that
hunter please can you wear who's that -
what what just happened I don't know
what's doing against the sky it's
reached halftime no one could do
anything I mean here's the ball more
that he's shooting from ridiculous
places I mean we voted three shots it's
gonna be such a boring Neil Neil game
what is it it's no no why is he the
devil hohohoho we getting chances now we
that's a foul I just showed him my
asshole when he was like a hair dive
right in there hunter I beg we don't
have to think we never get the thing but
go for it okay there we go that boom
just one more part well I was wrong
about the nil nil okay mertens takes the
free kick wow this guy I'd really
overestimated this guy oh no no no no
Jordi Alba Jordi Alba Jordi up Jordi
Alba was up what is going on how is the
board over the net what's he given your
sides you know what it's time to
actually try this way and just start
position you ready for this
like they're I don't know if this even
works but oh you know what they all make
it up much work but completely the wrong
reasons
I mean that was unexpected
porn hunter and then smack it across
come on please no no how is he getting
on his hands if there was no way that
you would have hold on to that in real
life okay this is where we need a goal
Coleman please please vote good ball in
for pat on Pat oh you did you wouldn't
tell you don't do you work Jim wait no I
didn't act I don't know what I'm doing
anymore oh no oh no oh no no no great
block block again whoever that was you
are my hero I love you you just stopped
it toys oh shit it's already 90th minute
we're actually no wait we might even
lose we might lose we might we might
lose this game guys no just hold out for
a draw hold out for a draw hold up for a
draw
get rid post it plus go go go go go go
please please last chance last chance
really he's done that and he's actually
got away with it these friggin meddling
kids I mean at least hunter got a gold I
mean I get a pat but come on nice
ridiculous I deserved that regardless of
the stat I deserve to win
damn out when it's safety in this
division stared we are one point of
safety but next episode if we win both
we go up to 13 and one point of the
title or the promotion and next episode
we get title as for now we open a very
good pack and we still get to open one
more seven and a half K pack so I can't
I can't cheat do that one again so we're
going for the seven and a half K pack
give me something good come on it's a
rare we get a rare that's not gonna fit
in our team is it uh-oh it's just a
squad builder challenge okay that's fine
then just one more link and I think
we're good then we can try down and get
the two-player pack if you guys have any
suggestions of what to do then let me
know because I'll happily do them as
always top comment is the thing I do so
let me know by like each other's
comments they guys watching am poop
