why am I doing this video yo ghazals
going on and welcome to the most
shocking quiz ever I am going to be
doing the are you smarter than
ten-year-old part 1 there are 10
questions involved
speaking of 10 this is a TENS machine
which I don't have ever seen on other
channels like Joe sugg channel basically
it can make your arm like spasm or you
know I don't really know I'm kind of
scared very hesitant to make this video
but I'm gonna be answering these
questions as I said there are 10 of them
every time I get one wrong I will be
shocked towards I don't know what the
word is I mean how hard could it be it's
only for a ten-year-old right I'm an
idiot
you want to test it I want it to be like
watching a shot I don't know wait just
just phase like okay I just put all not
till they have to be on the same bed or
can you be on different looking a
different answer with one there one on
your wrist clergy down please like I
have to go all wrong okay I'm genuinely
shitting it right now I don't know how
bad this is
I wish you make it sound as if I could
do it I've know because as you're
working about me making you a life I'm
so scared
please don't okay let me do the quiz let
me do the quiz I got the please okay all
right question one history okay Oh God
what was the name of the first dog in
space lucky lekha Gollum I don't even
put a ten-year-olds know this this is
six as well this isn't even a ten year
old this is a six year old it dip do
Lewis did a poo cap do the wee-wee
i'ma just go lucky
no please please don't I don't know
nothing oh that's such a disappoint
I'm genuinely so scared right now
because I know I have to get shot once
but I don't know what like you're gonna
press something and it's gonna work
where's the shop man just tell us I'm
looking for oh I don't like this
oh I don't like this what was that
number ah I guess I like it Oh citizen
shit hey which of these is not a rank in
the police force sergeant constable
inspector colonel I want to say carnival
isn't colonel in the Army
please yeah yeah rh10 science oh no it's
astronomy so it's gonna be someone like
Isaac it no dammit Edmund Edmund oh oh
please okay I can deal with that I can
do it that can take it I can take your
Lois oh hi oh hi oh my days okay no we
grab we're good nurse good food how is
that a subject do i what is the name of
the small fungus that is used to make
bread that's yeast that's yeast I know
that yeast one of those in yeah but what
infection h9 re in Christianity what are
this of the Holy Trinity everyone knows
that
banging cuz therefore ten-year-old Oh No
age seven science how many letters are
there in the longest named planet ten
seconds seven so then lift any click
though yeah thus age eight science why
they get why they will science which of
these do not contain fat bonus these
I ain't need to date undelivered I don't
know where blackboard you know I'm so
bad at geography is unreal I fit I think
it's gotta be South Shirley West no no
see that
no well but low wave motion uneven oh
this is mad actually maybe we'll turn
that if one up first this your weapons
let's let's just calm down I might not
get any more wrong
rosie has four cats three dogs 11 fish
how many pets that you haven't together
4 plus 3 plus 11 18 is that is maths for
five year-old what is the name of
badgers home gonna be a den or a star
three to one kind to me this why you
have a Presta bud oh they aren't even
known I don't like Louis like oh yeah I
hear me so lies over today on I smarter
than 10 yard it's actually not posting
through thank you guys for watching
Thank You Lewis for doing this he was
bringing me pain I sweat I then I'll
find you and I think you gave me a
wedgie you can check out his Twitter in
the description down below thank you for
watching
