as you guys know last vlog I put up the
Christmas tree in the hallway so when I
did it JJ was away and he is literally
he went to Dubai and his cars literally
just pulled up so I'm gonna get as a
reaction as he comes in hey JJ Merry
Christmas
it's Christmas exactly Jesus Christ day
what did you say so you like it's these
they have to stay inflated but I only
did it because you were coming home
they're deflated mostly just well he has
nowhere to go to get put it on the back
of my Chelsea shirt for the series route
to glory episode one is already out if
you have seen that obviously I didn't
have a bullet on the back obviously as
well if I'm leaving the house you know
where that ends up meaning okay while I
wait for Nando's to be ready I'm gonna
buy a Christmas present for Josh maybe
maybe JD and Vic
you know hens why find this is what JD
is getting he misses his old Lambo so
we're getting him a new one and he's sad
about me right it is 24 hours to get a
shirt printed on they said they actually
couldn't do it because I hadn't bought
the shirt from there yeah so basically
if you don't buy the shirt from there
then they can't do it because apparently
if it goes wrong then they can't replace
it which they're kind of insured to do
or something like that so I've got me
nose for the house I mean they're gonna
like that more than the actual presents
but I've got my Nando's for the house
I judge your folks a a little shit all
right Manny and Thomas are literally
outside right now they're about to come
in they go to the gym so I'm gonna just
film them as they come in as well where
you saying well you're saying Thomas you
like my tree no me and George did this
ourselves
what's he made up but it's a tree Manny
it's made of leaves I have your presence
that you Secret Santa I haven't wrapped
them I haven't do what I mean yeah but
these aren't very good presents there
you go and a magic 8-ball it's Simon get
me a good present don't say it looks
bleak present yes because I know how
you're always Moody what so calm down
say there you go
Vinny sad light is you're always sad
it's not about that well you get Nick a
magic 8-ball and a puzzle thing to
improve hand-eye coordination and memory
huh you wanna swap okay I'm gonna go
swap yeah you're having a different
present no I'm taking them back sad life
you know treads these backsies
oh okay calm down they're like melons in
his are self-evident struggle at all I
was gonna buy you a dazzle but it was 80
pounds no not these well Merry Christmas
guys jump-cut okay so date - I don't
know how dark it is right now hopefully
it's not that dark on my camera I'm on
my way to pick up the Hollett shirt
I'm gonna head straight from there to
the flat to meet up with Toby and chip
hopefully as long as they're both in did
they mess it up or is it perfection well
it's good to the fore is perfect the
series loved to our banger lads first
episode is already out by the way you
can check it out look at them look at
them baby that's so sick right now
that's a sexual predator if ever have
seen one sons of bitches
Hey ugly hey Toby the chip and our food
has arrived mac and cheese with chips
and a massacred baked potato I'm
actually still vegetarian I am
vegetarian tipping homage to be
vegetarian ended today I'm not pointing
you don't worry do I stay vegetarian no
more on YouTube twelve seconds later
alright we've just finished recording
our videos on each of their channels and
this guy turns up that's really really
like that felt very controlling your
heads very close to his crotch okay
final reaction for today toby is here
now and yeah I'm sure I was ok you eat I
thought he was further back but welcome
to the winter wonderland because I want
you to see the tree it took us eight
hours in total
just because you are so excited you can
name him this one's gonna be Dave what
one second that one Stephen what
reaction
why would you say that camera why would
you say that get it would what would you
say that for you spent too long bubbling
anyway we got some pure box stuff that
opens so let's see what we got inside
package number one we have a book how to
get little this actually might be helped
wait when you're penniless and ugly come
on secrets revealed inside okay so we've
got wait just kidding it's a blank book
well now I've written endlessly in it
PT oh wait wait are you serious it's
it's an empty book oh my god no no no no
no no I just opened this and it oh my
god I feel sick I fully smell it oh my
god oh it's a war fish that's oh my god
it actually reached my finger this is
gross get in the bin
gross oh yeah I have to be careful with
everything now I don't want to I don't
want to touch another fit okay it's not
was this a Leicester City shirt so this
shirt is from Zack Beach his channel is
cheesy B you can't see it there but
chief zeebee feel free to go check him
out thanks for the Leicestershire I mean
I'm slowly getting this weird collection
of shirts considering I'm a Leeds fan I
don't know why I have so many shirts but
thank you I guess thank you very much
alright the only thing left to do in
this vlog is give JJ his present I've
given the others bears and JJ's back now
I think there's time to trick him into
thinking he got a Lambo alright the
final present for today JJ I have a gift
for you there's something for you in the
garage yeah you excited
all I'm saying is I like to go big hence
the tree
no Goliath oh you might have a little
feeling that it was a real am beginning
but look it's in the carriage I you know
I thought you might want to do that you
know it's a new Lamborghini what are you
gonna do with it
