no no did you see that
not again how the hell did I get
disconnected last time I am one game
away from the title I think I got a one
I can't remember if I was actually
winning I should have looked well
anywhere I could have got another two
packs cuz we get two packs when we win
the title notice how I said when not if
anyways you guys made the top comment to
get either Butland or carrier single or
carrier so how we want to say it now I
know Butland is very good but he's also
twice the price and as this series is
kind of based a little bit on you know
saving coins so we can get better
players I'm gonna go with carriers so
there we go 1200 coins I see it that's a
cheap player the other part of this was
to get either Henderson Tori
Catina or Segura - hello how did I
remember that anyway two of them Cuttino
and Toure are too expensive and just cuz
he's English I'm gonna go with Henderson
so another 1300 coins
oh god boom 100 chemistry that is what
I'm talking about time to win this
division again where you got me pussy
boy will you good for me okay here's the
one to watch and a pretty solid team
based around it okay we're into the game
I hate playing in Turin Arthur Sanchez
you know but okay let's go let's go okay
we already have a chance
drink water we're already winning one
nil Mads how does that just happen okay
we need to get hunter a goal now we can
get goals that easily
we need Hunter hunter you why did you
just put your bow leave me alone
what the he actually just tried shooting
from that far I know he's the one to
watch me but come on guys I think we
have a classic case of he can attack but
he can't defend I mean he is quite good
at attacking but you know look far side
we've got an attack on see I can I can
get to here it's just what do i do from
here is it just bad crossing okay I
missed a fee come on there mate come up
big oh well oh you just ball rolled meat
what what just happened before isn't
even near them and now some suddenly
Dembele has a bone oh okay okay look
this oh oh the debut same okay let's get
another go right now right now right
this second
with drink water I thought he was gonna
bit do it off the post again right now
guys I just have my head as a jungle
being played over and over again in my
head I said head twice what am i dude
oh go on end oh go on the other new boy
after the puddle he say for what he's
really we're gonna cross like that after
I've given you a chance in our team
majestical play gon drink water get a
sec why can you just put that in feel
sorry for his girlfriend cuz he
struggles to get it in I haven't even
had a show on targets and how that works
but I'm not complaining okay little bit
of trouble little just a small smidgen a
small small and I don't know any other
words just small anything peanuts okay
fine okay this is a little bit more than
a small problem right now whatever mind
why are you adding it that way that was
harder oh it's over for you mate it is
over for you is it I fucked up I've gone
no boy no why did I passed it I can
literally just put a in there was a
striker is what gone finish that someone
please
I think the debut boys have done well
though I can't I can't really fault them
can i although I can if I lose so let's
let's not make that happen good hunter
it's always only because sometimes I
should have passed it but it's hunter
and if there was a party come on but I
see hunter and my eyes just turn to
packs
how is hunter got the ball there won't
turn out good
no no I didn't actually meant to shoot
that time why have I passed it one more
okay you're tuning I'm complaining
because I don't know what I'm doing just
get rid of that just get rid
oh my god what the hell that counts as a
ragequit right we've got promotion
anyways that's two packs I mean are they
I'm gonna Tate now we won the tile two
packs rage quit three but what we will
do is we will open one of these and then
one of these and then that's even okay
so it's only two packs but I'm upgrading
one first up is the seven and a half K
pack please give me something good just
give me something amazing okay it's a
rare a rare all two and I could I can
genuinely build a Spanish league team
okay but now it's their big boy the 15k
pack come on eat and get me something
good from your garden Bruce Bruce Bruce
laser just massive let's huge we're
gonna walk out we're gonna walk out for
my days and in Spanish we get to okay
Jordi Alba
we got a walkout though on our freaking
enough oh my god mad look at that look
how many players I got I'm gonna sell
out two door straightaway just cuz he's
in that MLS thing so he might actually
sell ah both strikers are tired I might
just have to play a strike on lo chem
screw it Pato is gonna have a game all
I'm saying guys is that's a pretty
decent team we get three more players
the team's done let me know let me know
you guys know the standard thing top
comment is what I do so yeah like each
other's comments and now we are in
division seven and we need to win our
first game Pat oh I know these aren't
your mates but we're gonna try and win
this game okay you need to play well Oh
another one to watch and Harambee FC
great brilliant come on Division eight
you can't be that hard surely I mean
it's starting well I'm playing the bull
round nicely look look at this what's up
okay
we're struggling a little bit going plan
and jordo Hendo go on what is that goal
keeper why is he wearing a slightest
solid-gold spandex ooh oh oh you're in
trouble now make up past it and bank
water finish again another Alexander
frickin assist someday you will get
goals
holy cow wow wow he's just he's skirting
around people screw skirt get rid get
rid get rid get oh my date oh my oh my
oh me oh my oh me oh my well it's pretty
safe to say that the buying of that
goalkeeper has been worth it okay I was
wrong this guy she plays it around very
nice glut but I mean I don't know how to
get around this you know what ref come
on come on bar side go on Danny go on
look at
oh wait wait no I did I do that I tried
to really do that did I did I really do
that
Plus it wait oh my oh I wasn't goal you
have the pace plateau you have the pace
I've got you and Musa for a reason mine
look at us but what gone playback and
you know what I need a second goal I'm
not going for Hunter anymore that's it
there we go halftime we're winning
that's that's what matters ultimately
the best packs to get are for winning
the league holy sugar sterling come in
come in sterling it's luck that he
absolutely loved it where's the run
where's the run Pat Oh God there you go
there you look at that run and Bank
how are you saving that go on bang oh
what's that Danny again seriously wises
girlfriend still with him okay this is
where we get this is where we get the
nice pass and pass and turnout and
finesse there we go it's not hunter it's
Musa okay so we don't get the pack but
we are now to Neela
Musa with the pace gone wait is what the
FA's angly does what Nick 28 T is in as
fast as Musa okay this is where we go
this is where we go this is where we Oh
humbug
now I can actually afford to try and get
hunter goals okay hunter this is your
chance this is it this is it this is
where you get forward okay hunter hunter
there you go no dice not to hunter
that's not his fault hunter you did well
come on hunter please please okay you
know what where's hunter
where's Han to go Claire yes there you
go good what's up please we're good odds
of Gallo in the 90th minute we get a
hunter go which means another pass one
wimp done we need another fight and we
get another seven-and-a-half kpac I'm
not gonna cheat and get the bigger pack
of getting this please or we've got a
walkout today another where we're doing
world packs it doesn't fit the team but
it's alright so that's it for today let
me know what you want me to do in terms
of buying players or starting the
spanish league team thank you guys for
watching and peace
by travelpod member
