yo what's going on guys and I know this
is gonna seem like a weird video but
basically I recorded the Halloween video
a couple days ago with Toby and a guy
called Khan it seems to be going down
really well right now and I'm happy
because I really enjoyed doing that kind
of thing and I said to you guys if you
want me to do more of that style I will
and a lot of you said yes I also said
you guys wanted to see a like bloopers
behind the scenes kind of video on
Twitter and a lot of you said yes this
is gonna be like a blooper slash behind
scenes and like explaining all this
stuff is and my all of that I don't know
it's very quite short video I didn't
really know if I was gonna do it so we
didn't really go full out on it next
time I will a hunch percent do like the
bloopers and a whole behind the scenes
hopefully you guys enjoyed this video
anyway I'm sorry it's not exactly the
longest video but yeah like thank you
guys for watching and yeah enjoy pace I
can't do the whistle no Ashley hmm crisp
yes crispy I've got a lollipop owner
right yeah it's resting on this sorry
look I'm sorry okay description
way I don't look at the couches the
kitchen
ah what you doing wearing a suit this is
for the next one so I don't know how I
look
yeah I'm so happy because you can't see
a long ago Lucas welcome to the game
Berlin today Toby sucks dick and if he
doesn't he will die Vic has only just
woken up
it is about 6 p.m. right now Tim it's
your bedtime
oh oh no you have to sell it take it ah
girl politeness from reco reco obviously
not very well you ain't getting a tip
you get my tip cookies tomatoes take Oh
saved it you ain't getting a tip tip on
your pizza
you ain't getting a tip the job give you
this tip just full of Papa Johnny seen
which is the shining that's the reason
we've got pizza by the way ok some
people thought we were just getting take
away cuz with fat no getting it cuz it's
a prop but it's over for me
keep em princes block I was insulting
this is what I get for stealing my
favorite youtubers Plex you know mini
mins but go ahead
come on
what it do what I do that you caught me
I'm all washed I'm alright I'm wearing
like a hand that helmet it makes sense
do I even need to wear the hairnet so
the ring seemed so they didn't have any
patient gowns so dear DIY Simon's back
on the this is a new in cut this is it
look at this look I'm gonna go your
actual systems basically Josh and Ethan
a recording downstairs so I can't get
actually cool alright I'm on your TV
watch meaning you'll be dead in the day
or 3/1 boom I'm really not a morning
girl hi
that's so basically huh actually
basically we use some really innovative
technology to put the camera cut yeah
Seidman we did to my hooks so we do the
by hooks hey you didn't invited you my
house
excuse me but excuse me yeah anyway they
call us the Tesla off the filming world
cuz the Soviet of attended we haven't
done this well this tape is very good
why are you getting in the show right in
my shop no this is Neela Rochelle that
we use it for the especially the
boss that's awesome yeah good job son it
was it yeah
yo nothing happened I almost fell to my
death I have my usually fell down hey
Tucker oh no man T Matt we can save this
three two one good
swag catch see that see that couch are
you go right you see this guy
you see this guy ha ha ha are you doing
it but I'll take stop you can't get a
real fake we have three more scenes to
film running out more misses that's a
big word
I can't conscience if you don't oh my
god stop No get some trees get some
trees I'm through the trees this ahead
bushes into that something scary's gonna
happen but it doesn't zoom another bug
scary this bucket oh hello dad nature
you scared
we're done where we finished my room was
immaculate before today now now my
phone's going off have a look sorry I'm
late
but yeah we're done so that was a behind
the scenes of the video thanks Khan
thanks con man hopefully you guys enjoy
this video better
mmm
