happy Halloween or bogus that's right I
know it's not Halloween right now but
it's close enough now you probably
already realize what I'm going to be
using for this episode of FIFA the
ultimate scream cards that's right yet
no they made up I didn't make this up EA
released cards that just for this
weekend right now until Monday at 6:00
something it is these cards are
massively boosted and I have 11 of them
look at this team yes there is only 81
chemistry in order let's look at the
rating 94 Lukaku 91 that center-backs
with these stats look at the other stats
and 99 pays the better in 96 paced pasta
with 92 dribbling just look at all of
them right
this is disgusting this is actually a
horrible team just a mare about the red
legs red just means blood so this is how
this is gonna work just because it's
Halloween themed every time there is a
goal I will have to change out because
you know that's what you do you dress up
for Halloween don't you so I have a few
outfits lined up there we're gonna start
off with the duck again but let's see
what I end up as all right let's see
your team cup is that it one scream a
legend and a freaking pipe pipe what is
like what is the high grunt was actually
my visions kind of impaired right now
okay here we go good
Randall one two one two look at the pace
the place come on no what's that
are you going mate you think you can
outpace me you think man don't be lips
stay away from my goal no no no no whoa
whoa you the children I'm about
to serve you well I'm
I'm losing no you know what because I'm
only because that was a ridiculous goal
only a small change I had so many jokes
as well lined up about having a quack
and all that right mate now you're about
the game let's go come on with it this
is the scream of team I'm gonna be
amazing this is how it should be it
should literally be in case of no look
look look
come on spin it wait turn fuzz back what
are you doing cease Fellaini Fellaini
Tilden plays in this is the gold that's
a girl no that is another change quick
well seconds later I didn't think this
one through
oh my god I'm actually just squatting
right now this is her this is so painful
oh no I actually need to school I
actually need to school so quick please
I'll let you school mate we can work
this out okay no I'm going for a goal
Balotelli Balotelli what the was
that
honestly I can't see my hand I'm
actually falling I can't do this fast
and wide six touch Kostov
come on your nightie pre rated
oh no oh no oh no all right where do we
go where we go where we go always seen
you we've seen you we play it one what
what's up oh my please please win that
Fellini flick wait wait okay didn't
really mean to do that I lied to you
guys by the way I don't really have that
many costumes in fact I really
underestimated it and you know what
actually no this could work out
perfectly I may have the perfect amount
of costumes but let's fight oh I'll stop
wait pus go go this is it last chance
come on G come on Douglas Costa I keep
saying Diego cluster fine
I've gotta round one run run run run run
oh okay sing you sing wherever swears um
I have attackers don't I half time and I
can barely move realistically there's no
point of me using the screw
I could use anyone please can I get out
of this I'm sweating my balls off right
now this is horrible
great challenge come on I can't let him
score though hello ello ello ello I
don't need to let him score cos he won't
do it himself maybe I do not alone
school Oh hold me please hold me closer
tiny dancer I am sweating this is more
effort than I've done all my days on my
days all my days all my days the rum the
SMERSH how why am I not dribbling faster
and further go on Fellini go on I did
meet you that I didn't mean to no no no
no no no no no it's these farms I can't
control myself right guys I've gone
attacking I need a goal I need to win
this I'm not settling for a draw that's
not what we do in Halloween all dear oh
dear oh dear oh dear oh dear
I've got him unlock but I can't do
anything else I just gone gone bellowing
look at your place
who the hell is Luke Shaw is catchy a 19
not how's that I don't care anymore
we're using were too good at what that
no no no no no no no no no no no get
back make a tackle good tackle please
great Chuck great challenge great
challenge again I am living on shoe
strings is they even a phrase oh dear oh
dear oh dear oh dear oh dear oh those in
those oh I'm sorry for the screaming but
I feel like it is very very justified oh
my god it's over it's game over
there's his door and I have to change in
the 87th minute I mean this is always
gonna be a downpour wasn't it I don't
even have five fingers let's go baby
let's go I didn't do that I go up I
could barely see I can only see the
bottom of the screen I seriously just
lost with this team immediately I played
a very good team we're not good enough
team to beat the Screamers I mean I mean
this doesn't help through this screw
Halloween screw everything genuinely
pretty put stuff about I mean the only
one that really didn't affect me was the
pirate and I think I scored with the
pirate which says something okay I
thought I'm safe but thanks to this foot
and that sumo fatty over there
I just lost I'm not just any lost I lost
with this team I'm done I'm done with
that I'm done with this for now I'm done
with Halloween FIFA thank you guys for
watching hopefully you enjoyed this
weird video I'm sorry if you didn't yeah
thanks watching have a great Halloween I
will be uploading just this you know
this is my fee for a Halloween video so
now you watch it and please
