yo what's going on guys and welcome back
to hunting we will go I got it right
this time okay
fuck how is it something wrong okay I'm
in the right shirt now so I asked you
guys who to buy you guys let me know
with the top comment being Andre gray
for striker with Musa Eric dial or Dani
drink water for central midfielder for
strong link with hunter well luckily
guys we sold these to people not for
much but we sold them so we have 10,000
coins but you know what we're gonna buy
Dani drink water but we're not done
there we're also gonna buy Erik Dyer now
he is a CDM but I'll allow it for now
because our team is looking like this
look at this beautiful team the only
player when he did one more cinnamon and
a goalkeeper we get that we saw it
realistically I can actually play cold
back here and then swap these two over
and both it's pretty freakin solid ie is
very tired though so we're not going to
do that no matter as you get more
chemistry with him in the middle he's
probably got a shotgun but now you need
to let me know who to get sent amid a
goalkeeper let me know also let me know
whether to do this or not because I can
literally just put in the hookah
I could put in milik bang it's done but
I don't know whether to do it they're
saying that I'm not using any of these
players so you know you know what imma
just do it so I guys you guys didn't do
it last time I'm just taking the choice
out of your hands I'm pretty sad
everyone want me to anywhere well we've
done the gold upgrade we get a two red
gold players back and we just did that
green link thing which it's a pretty
shit pack I think but we got a lone
player I don't care about this unless
it's gonna be some sick BPL player
that's no I don't care okay this is the
rare gold players pack come on to pros
please these are normally quite good
small it's small
good manners 83 rated I'm vagina I don't
know who you are
that wasn't like no that makes me sound
like I don't get girls so as you guys
know we are in Division a if we win both
games today we get to open two packs
because we win the title one win we're
promoted but we will have to wait till
the end of the season hunter gets any
girls as a pack and I'm gonna make a
little special rule right now very
unlikely to happen but if hunter manages
to somehow get a hat-trick will be
opening one of these 50,000 coin packs
just can't see it happening I've really
gone into the first game where you go
where you go okay 100 camp but and
they're all average players you've got
this hunter come on ah why do I do these
things here we go come on hunter
let's go we're doing okay hunter come on
pass it let's keep the ball rolling as
Pele says Oh Ally chance I don't know
who this is though but let no wait no
okay this is no I can't do this guys I
was trying to get it to Hunter this has
got a stop thing is right I'm pretty
certain that I actually could get a goal
if I just stop looking for Hunter but I
keep looking for freaking all I do is
try and get it to Hunter and then
Hunter's not the best play like let's
not lie hunter isn't the best player I
mean he's all right but he's just
nothing special is he and I'm keep
looking for him I need to stop I need to
actually win games order put such a
schedule home everyone says go ahead
I never score headers that's one back
Patrick time is happening hunter gone
come back Vaness oh yeah oh just smashed
into the top no way hunter can you do it
again no he can't because it doesn't go
to Hunter spots
Hunter is that that's hunter it's not a
15e why am i look why am i not just
shooting what am i doing what am I
looking for Hunter why am I looking for
Hunter there tell you what I need to
stop playing so sensual and I need to
get another goal because if he gets one
back it's a draw like I'm very
comfortable in this game but one goal
and he's back hunter okay
no wait wait that's what the freakish
that what what was that aimed at I let's
actually get another goal come on come
on come on come on and take outside and
then smash across boom two-nil you go on
a sis burn assist doesn't count and no I
am NOT going to start giving out packs
for assist okay it's going well when he
hasn't even had a shot Musa Musa oh oh
oh oh turn back you read that it no girl
girl girl good hard it should have
worked
Oh was just gonna sing it you can
actually help us we can actually have 50
K pack today there's a 50 K pack ruin it
now I'm starting now it's actually
happening I'm starting to think it might
change it don't quit don't quit don't
quit cuz I know it's another pack I know
it is another pack but this is actually
a good chance to get a trick please baby
don't quit
I just wanna bet hat-trick please
okay we're finally back on my days
please Hunter hunter Suresh it
oh he just date he doesn't come at
Hunter and it's really annoying
actually you know what he doesn't go he
doesn't go out anyone I've realized come
on please give me the ball back looking
one more one more goal oh don't bother
with this mate come on don't start with
me dog yeah you try to pass me a little
prick one let's go hunter don't run out
wide you little Mongoose come on we're
blue now well now where are you
I mean we've won the game now we just
need hunter to get that gold and so he's
turned one hears it across no did that
just hit his ugly bald head that's gonna
have to be an absolute madness he's made
it through a couple he's made it through
a couple and we're chicken wait a second
if I can just tackle him here fucking
set hunter hunter please please so close
wait a second ah no no no no all this
time I had been crediting Alex hunter
with those goals
he got once I've been drying all that
for nothing and it's gobby at seven and
a half I can't cheat the system like
I've been trying to cheat it I can't do
it I have to open a seven-and-a-half K
pack it looks right but what it is we
get my - that's that's solid and dig
knee okay we can start building a little
Spanish league team it immediately we
win this game we get to open another two
packs and we potentially have the
strongest side we could have we just
really need that goal key the next game
is gonna be horrible the star next
episode is gonna be friggin horrible so
I'm gonna have to sub off everyone here
let's see what you've got
okay cool via retweet boys let's do this
lads I feel like this is no chance of
getting a hat Ricky there you go through
okay we might we might not get a hat one
thought Oh
that touch run-run-run Musa Musa smash
Musa smashed it not work okay gone just
little walks a little walk and what the
hurdle yes he's getting gold oh my okay
well there's one pack if we win this we
get two packs as well okay we actually
have another chance go on pause it back
oh my god hunter I'm so y'all I don't
know why I turn slightly Japanese when I
say that okay he's got one back he's got
okay yeah yeah understandable I mean he
has a good te has a solid oh he stabbed
you don't want you don't want to dab it
made me angry girl see that that was
anger there we go I told you I'm angry
Oh Danny drink water as you do I'm more
like Saba drink a few side as if you
don't abide haha made it our time we
have the lead we're looking for three
packs right now maybe we could get a
fourth leave Alex Hamza can get another
one but I'm not holding my breath no no
did you see that we just leave she had a
mini power cuts on me my xbox has just
turned into a brick what the hell was
going on I am genuinely pissed because I
didn't lose that I was winning uh you
know what okay we're taking a loss
nothing we can do that doesn't mean we
can't open our pack we're opening one
pack because Alex Hans are still gotta
go regardless of it quit or not we are
getting this pattern on rare anyway but
okay we cook got raggy plus a gold pack
so it doesn't make it even we get one
rare play or one rare card in fact and
it's not a player honestly that invite I
thought I was done with these days but
no we now have nine thousand coins we
don't get to open two more pegs because
we now have to win another game to get
out of division eight so yeah guys let
me know about a goalkeeper maybe another
sentiment up to you and yeah that's all
for today I'm genuinely pissed off so
thank you guys for watching and please
sucker
