yo guys what's going on our welcome to a
reaction video I've had a lot of tweets
recently asking me to react to certain
videos so yeah that's what I'm gonna do
got the big dick club shirt on today
repping for the team now it's time to
watch some weirdness so the first of all
coming in is called weird Russian singer
chum drum bedroom
look at the quality wait this is 2050
okay let's play some 90s rave what am i
watching oh my god
marina choices about in the 90s seinem
make mistakes I'm gonna skip my break I
honestly don't know what I'm watching
right now I don't know what this is oh I
know what this is I've reacted to this
at OB but it wasn't this it was like it
act it was a different video
there was no starfish headed weirdo
singing it Oh marina Joyce is back
okay no no don't know about that dancing
I don't know if I can support this
dancing pretty certain I've seen Weller
dance like that before and I mean we can
ignore this Toblerone looking guy on the
right there's no weight there's no way
that this can be 2015 one of the
comments say surely this on it surely
someone has put something helpful here
248 fire let's see what this is it's
going in marina Joyce is back also
talking about the dancin either I'm
talking about this rapping and I say
that you should go to possibly receive
this is a very good to watch very so he
went in he went in that dies official he
went in he's just gone from a weirdo
that goes a little long to a starfish
headed Eminem this weekend hippity
hippity hip-hop do you really want to
get into what person care we're moving
on to the next one I got it from my mama
will I am cover now if you don't know
the actual will.i.am song it sounds like
this well this is the cover here we go
baby where'd you get your body from
everywhere
got anywhere to get your party from
she's like a normal-looking Miranda
sings the mama lookin so hot Becca night
she old enough to drink oh she's in the
mount that she's on a nevian cover and
now there was a Lumina that wasn't
alumini why is that there who even is
that I don't know who this is
oh my god it's Pauline Hanson I don't
know how I even figured out these videos
these are me to watch is so weird
alright now we've got a video from Jon
sudana okay he is bring him the
legendary I've only seen one of his
videos before the one I've seen is this
which is an Adele hello cover it's not
really hello it's Smash Mouth superstar
so he's singing that over Dell now I've
got Evanescence bring me to life I love
this guy so much he's such a hero oh my
god somebody once told me the world oh
my god I hate the sharpest tool in the
shed
making the batteries you'll never know
if you don't go paint you'll never shine
if you don't glow hey man oh hey much
five big finale come on big finale say
oh not you know what I've liked it I'm
like that video that video is the best
thing I've ever seen in my life
John Sedano I love you other than the
next one can really live up to that but
you know what my pp is next PCs maybe
baby this is my baby this is my baby I
was wrong this guy fits in with the
weird Russian singer this is my baby
that was gross that was so gross now
apparently this is a yodel my star
mister
Takeo Ishii I'm slowly losing sanity
here why am i watching my days spending
an elderly oriental man singing to
chickens
oh I can't I can't I can't I can't I
can't
imma start being the best person ever if
this is what hell's like guys I'm done
with weird stuff for today so yeah thank
you guys for watching and if there are
any other videos you want me to watch
let me know by tweeting me thank you
guys watching and peace
