yo guys what's going on and welcome to
no not doing this again
pocket so ages and ages ago before the
times of dinosaurs myself and Josh or
zurka did a quiz about the Seidman
recently bazinga
and torches ooh Ethan and Toby revisited
the Seidman quizzes and now it is my
turn I'm on my own I'm sorry and it's
time for me to tackle some different
quizzes the first one being how well do
I know Minnie Minter which is me this is
basically a quiz site could quoted that
just has loads of Seidman quizzes first
when I picked up how well do you know
mini answer so I'd like to think that I
get every single question right because
you know he is me I am him he is I'm
what YouTube group has many mentor
partner
this is Vegas not this year what year
was he born okay you know what I may
have made a mistake here I think I may
have made a mistake guys I think this
maybe two is okay no no it was Vic which
other three Seidman lived together with
me now this one this is one that people
genuinely get confused about so many
people think that's like four or five of
us live together is me Josh JJ and Vic
in my patients test what makes a plops
out what wait tuna eggs ham not wait
think Simon think um I want to say ham
it was the ham wasn't it in the Q&A with
Jay Jay what do I bring to the race imma
see me as a remote control I mean it
wasn't remote control I was just like a
little figurine on my second Channel
links in the description what is the
hour-long series I've been doing
recently oh no five months I only do one
hour-long series actually Arthur um
Caroline Caroline Reaper who's that then
is that girl it's Caroline arriba I
don't know who Caroline Reaper isms sure
she's a lovely girl how he did not try
and kiss her I'm gonna just go with JJ's
ass yours me yes
in what game did Simon have the Canadian
flag all of them or every game every
game ever GTA GTA i have in my carpets
was five months ago before they were
there I think I'm gonna go in London
though so you guys get to know me a
little bit more as well wooden Simon
cool himself when versing Ethan in a Red
Bull drink old bollocks
I think Red Bull King speaking of which
and you said you it's a red bull King I
am the red bull King what is the color
of my headset well actually that you'll
find it's black which is none of those
options in a game of cards against
humanity'
what reference on a card makes Simon win
two time in a row this is like one
episode but I'm I assume it's probably
Victor Peter Pan fuck off Josh there we
go how many snakes are on Simon slither
dot IO video thumbnail well honestly you
got a matter if you think I know this
and no I am NOT cheating okay I'm not
going to just look at my thumbnail but
I'm gonna go with six the number of the
day is high Simon's car Colin jeez okay
finally we get one that I know white
where this is the last question
okay well ah this is impossible five
months ago how am I gonna know this
I had no fucking idea script we're going
for it that's the last question I got
five wrong oh how can I get five wrong
you don't know me at all
who the hell are you I'm you what the
emergency and screw that quiz we've
moved on to my secret crush now you will
know I'm a very lonely person obviously
the sidemen are my friends so logic puts
together that I must have a secret crush
right okay so what color shade stands
out the most to you in that picture I
assume I think there'd be that blue
which would you prefer
what like why would that they can either
be a difference between two point four
or two point 1 million people with
knowing you know what I do YouTube I'm
I'm a view whore let's just go 14-7 what
would you say if you picked wrong though
the fuck is wrong though I mean out of
all of those I would probably say no way
I'd be like what the fuck is wrong
though what I color do you like best
now I'm sorry to everyone out there
without the eye color that I am about to
say but as a fellow bluey
I am going for blue I knew it I knew it
you love how deeply he gets involved in
the games and he plays and even though
he hardly uploads you know you can
always trust him to entertain his fans
you love the fact that he is the
youngest of the sidemen sounds like a
pedophile and how he includes all his
family members in his videos I do love
that about Harry maybe all this time
I've been putting off the fact that I
love Harry I caught I'm not sparking any
more rumors it's done Harry is not my
secret crush before some people start
saying that Oh Harry in time and a
boyfriend and boyfriend that is all for
today thank you guys for watching and
