yokas was going on and welcome to
another very best yes hmm I mean no no
amounts of editing can save this I said
very best now the very best sorry okay
just please just accept my apology and
just carry on I am wearing a hoodie
underneath like true footballing fandom
does I think or just when you're a kid
and you go to the football match and
it's cold regardless I am wearing it
because it's kind of cold in my room the
team we are using is looking a little
like this yes we have brought in a new
face Jack Cole back basically I needed a
English Whitfield us that would give
hunter some chemistry so we've brought
him in we've had to rest Dini Jones
Lucia everyone liked that and asked you
guys who to buy now the top comment that
I could see because YouTube freaking
break every burger was this comment that
says to get a pack if someone rage quits
so we sold this player we so Brissette
eenie means we have all of this stuff
completely forgot about all of this
coins coins and there's no coins okay so
we have three average packs at our
sillman contract oh my these aren't even
good a lone player okay that could be
good and the final one is another one
all right so now we find out who we get
this 75 to 80 rated this is a rare we
get oh oh actually that's incredible
yeah it's only for seven games but I'll
do while we build our team and the other
player 81 to 85 it surrounds me I mean
I'd assume it with oh yeah this is again
we get a BPO players so we are in
division 8 if we win both games today we
are safe in the division I'm a name for
a ragequit so we get a pat oh no they've
got a leads badge what's your team
looking like bro please sir oh no he's
got messy how was he got messy already
all right he's talking dunno what you
say a mate but thank you bring it on mr.
baby - why do I have to play someone in
the Leeds kit and the Leeds badge he
clearly is a leads for don't know my
days really he's just trying to skill
cold the worst part is he actually would
have scored that if he didn't try the
skill goal come on where's the run
where's the runs there you go seen the
run
Ref know why I don't know why I even
called the ref you know what Alex hunter
has scored one from here before we'll
get there
there we go Alex hunter Oh on some
target see this play look at this play
look at the play we go to pulse it back
what's up
okay it kind of watch you Plus this a
limb off get there so let's go please
there was a short there's this first go
cold ogre in all my table to see if I
did not expect that do not know
Messi Messi chill Messi chill get rid of
that that doesn't work in it it works oh
it's a side yes here's a side all gone
and then play again Ligon and bow oh you
can have all the most expensive players
in the waterways and you got messy but
you can have most expensive player in
the world and up beat you've seen you in
there seen you head it boom log oh I
almost robbed the goalkeeper with her
dance guys having some good chances but
he's not really okay he is actually
putting some pressure on please okay
play him in okay this is the last shots
no okay it's not never mind okay there's
a half over please please be hop hop
over please okay half done okay we're
winning it's a difficult game pretty
dull one other as well another smart 45
minutes and we are Gucci oh here we go
Ryder Ryder um you didn't really pick
our player there Ryder please come on
give me another goal hello hello hello
why should right you could have just
like Vanessa over him here we go - lets
go he is left food he could put a book a
ball in hot dog I felt the pack I could
feel the gold pack lurking there
no nothing Pat Oh Pat oh you have
someplace you have someplace please go
on oh okay that wasn't exactly what I
wanted that was you know what you know
what ah has long legs you forgettin
spider okay this is where I'm really
starting to struggle now we need to just
get that security goal oh please this
this yes
okay puss-puss I said pass it I said it
it means that should work oh my god I
need voice control controllers come on
please this is it it's entry time it's
entry so a big tackle there it is there
it is please no no no no
no no no all I've got to do is just not
lose the ball stupidly like like I'm
gone we've done it with one that I how
we managed to put a one nail out the bag
there but we've done it one more and
then we are secure you know I'm gonna
stick with the same team it worked right
we managed to get a win so we're
sticking
I'll just get a life your team is called
dentures I'm only in Division 8 how are
people getting these teams seriously
what the hell okay you know what there's
a little chance here there's a little
chance
but why doesn't it go why doesn't that
curl please can we get rid of this I
just don't like pressure please come on
I guess pressure makes diamonds to be
fair so we need to take some pressure
off I just get around him take it in
again you know what for this please I
said finesse and I passed it I don't
even know what I'm doing anymore but I
got paddling and it's a red it's a real
as well and you know who's taking this
this could be a pack hunter if there is
a time to score oh it does it hasn't got
it okay you know what I'm going for it
I'm going there I've gone there
I know what you're doing mate what what
we do we got a pack it was such a bad
penalty I just didn't want to like
celebrate that it was too bad if I'm
right as well he hasn't made a sub so
you know I think he has one centre-back
come on Glen Johnson come on Glen I mean
Glen messy messy Leonel Johnson I don't
know what your name is anymore I've kind
of just made up names but go on oh no
that's a golf okay it's called I really
need another goal and you know what I
can actually get it very easily I just
need to stop I need to stop being so
slow with my passing like that so he is
a good team like Sanchez here I know
you're gonna tell him turn back okay
keep that keep that keep our gear we
gonna give it know what screw it I'm too
tired of this I'm tired I'm passing I'm
passing it
I'm getting a goal right now look nuts
just please please can I just pass well
for a minute and sir I didn't
oh my god oh my god please help us
that's finally it took a mistake from
him to get that I keep attacking the
wrong defender as well like he doesn't
have one of his centre backs and yet I
keep going that way God where are you
hunter go on okay that's not hunter but
we have a third got that was a really
nice gold adds we may be seeing a
ragequit here I'm thinking another
couple goals and it'll just be
completely gone for him he'll rage quit
come on Pato go big touch come on big
touch hit it back across that's a foul
thank you that was a foul wait that was
in the area
okay well this could be a second penalty
I mean it's like a back side back a
second back like compact for hunters
we're great okay so two blacks is this
it it's because it's gonna be the third
back come on yeah thank you for making
that rule today we have 9,000 coins you
guys still need to let me know a player
only one player cane or a formation with
like 11 players just one player we also
could get the title next episodes which
is another two packs hack number one
Marshall give me something good
give me something offensive team hmm
that doesn't fit the team nah nothing
there we get some contracts and some
Fitness's nothing we can actually use in
our team to improve DeMaria
gives us a striker fire me Zack everyone
look-alike their liga NOS play you know
what I'm gonna just straight away just
sell this guy okay the final pack Harry
Kane give us something good
give us a left MIT okay so we can put
Milic in there we can get this gold
upgrade back that's all the way thank
you guys for watching and soup
I'm not typical sections of my on the
walls us here another section of my life
I got the walls us tiptoe sections of my
oh my god the water tip I got the
section of my own
