hi it's time I've done one on fever 16
it's time to just get it out the way on
fever 17 this is the automatic foot
draught
ah the team never works out as well as
you want it to I mean I get to choose
the formation at least I can't let the
4-1-2-1-2 let's go with that this is
where actually this is where I get to do
two I do gets to the plate and I
particularly a no mess eaten that is the
only choice I get the rest of it
bang bang no Kevin Hart bang bang just
to clear that me bang bang complete my
squad end it now
oh please has got a case wine it Oh
inform Levin dusky and we get a scope
and a Ribery okay okay okay and a Lukaku
we can make something of this a little
bit of Luke sure there little Luke a
coup up front and now I'm stumped
rubbery there he links my main thought
right now is that Isco and that centre
back okay so if I put him there and then
swap them over I get a bit more
chemistry Harmon okay we are more chem
now yeah we've got levin dosti on a 10
and Lukaku on a 7 I think that's good
enough I mean realistically Herman's
coming off anyway it's girls coming on
and Messing's coming on it's not too bad
there's actually a lot better than I
thought if it gets my seal of approval I
did not think this through okay screw it
Tuggle you're in alright alright 162
I've heard that's the like fifa16
equivalent of you know like the 195 to
know who I heard that from but someone
said it once show me you're - why did
everyone I'm legends like everyone gets
so many legends let's doing one of these
the other day Banks same legends
actually Viggo and Paolo food tray are
always there you know what start the
epic music yeah yeah can really feel
that music yeah I wish I actually had
what music choice I was going with right
now so I knew what rhythm to dance to
but yeah get rid of the Oh
why are you clearing it was literally
going out the same place that was more
risky I'm not attacking well or am i or
am I was it all a ploy go on Levin dusky
whatever you running that is a horrible
Lee shock amazing run I don't something
wait wait wait wait wait
you see this I don't I don't know how
I've still got the ball whoa what all
are my team are just so I don't know I
don't know what word can describe them
let me actually look up a word to
describe my team incoherent inarticulate
that those are some good ones in
articulate FC that is my new team name
of like was like yeah I was Herman as
well at Hermann scored well oh what a
weird thing right well we're winning
why is Herman still on I know he's
scored but why did I keep him on all
right here we go Luca kulookakoo please
him in it's Herman he turns in smacks it
over that okay
oh man you pissed me off you you're not
staying you know what screw it just
gonna bring on Messi I shouldn't have
put lien nowhere I did actually because
he's playing on two cam isn't he I don't
know how he's making these tackles but I
should have passed should have passed
sure no Frank a pass this guy must be
like old your jacket oh my god my blends
just run away oh my god oh my god I'm
drawing with this guy he is all full
please please just just play them
implementing such you're in my way you
just that was my own player that was my
own player I can't I can't I can't I
can't honestly honestly I need the chips
also okay gonna play him please your
side aren't you Frank
you're offside it's not a goal going
into extra time I need to make a sub or
two schweine e's coming off and we're
gonna bring on its skull we're also
gonna take us lung ban cuz he's got no
pace let's go lads let's just let's just
go let's keep the ball play smart we're
gonna play spot gone he's on he's on it
was real of dusky lower dusky oh no no
no no I'm not winning Oh Missy boys I
should have posted yes thank you finally
doing something liamail
and there it is halftime we got 15 more
minutes to hang on wall through and
finesse done done
game done 3-1 it's over come on man just
to stop with this just let's just have
an easier end to the game
and here's a chance but my keepers come
out and that my friends is that one went
down let's see we can get the final
again at least this game I'm gonna take
the hit and I'm gonna bring on ESCO
instead of Herman even know what my
chemistry goes down by three it's more
well-rounded so if I do bring on messy
he won't play as shit meet you at the
gay bar I get it meet you at the gay
boys meet you at de gaia bar or daheia
is actually too here so meet you at the
heya boys and I were in the joke just
like I'm about to ruin this guy's
asshole didn't really know where I was
going with that who's this cheeky
Lewandowski smack all my days need to
screen just got school right this guy's
seems to have stepped up to the plate a
little bit
but can he handle the Beast that is
Lukaku canny what a ridiculous finish
I'm talking ridiculous look at it in off
the far and then like into the side
netting cliche stay away from me stay
away from pass it there you go get tuned
to him well I mean he is yeah he's an
interesting player a buff Frick am I
gonna hold onto my lead this is gonna be
what the whole games like in it it's
just gonna be him attacking me getting
the ball and then not really doing much
gone hello hello ello ello when I say
not much
I mean Lukaku getting a chance and it
keeps come and go back to coach clash
okay trouble trouble is trouble as
arisen troubles arisen trouble one no
I'm not so back in my desk don't tell
Vanessa takaku as well oh he's a dab in
prick oh now I really really really
really want to win let's just bring
Messi in man a lesson last haunts last
chance go on hit across hit every us we
have a final chance we have a final
chance gone Messi
Donna he's got the winner done last pick
of the game Oh baby I'm in the Sammy's I
gave me a semi George best
Renaldo I mean he's no Herman but it'll
do
I beg this is just a very easy game like
I swear I just I'd love like you know
just a quick for Neal quick you know
just straight into the final I'm gonna
just you know waltz around him have a
little tango come on you know when
you've been tangled that's all I want to
say I just want to say that one line
please
how was he just brought they wasn't even
playing gate okay he doesn't know what
to do hit breath
are you serious quim in like such bang
one bang bang bang bang Lukaku again he
is anxious inside touch bang and bang to
nil game done already I told you I'm get
it for Neal run schweinsteiger gone full
roll ball roll smacks it across water
strike that is a time go on it's time
it's time it's time stones time why have
I passed through that I just thought
I'll save it nobody else Koo why did I
not he's so good why don't know a face
right lemon dusky show them why I should
have faith in you not proving me wrong
here I just want Fornell please just
give me okay that's one well there's
three one more then a ragequit that's
what I've called oh he's fucked up bad
he's fucked up bad levin dosti
finish it there's four and now I'm
predicting the ragequit no just you're
gonna prove me right right is he gonna
bring his keeper out it's not you know
what I'm gonna have to dink anyway dink
oh I can't believe that worked
just end the game mate just just why are
we doing this there we go
five nil I was wrong about a score line
it I said four-way it was five and he
didn't quit well we're into the final
that's what counts
this is the first guy that has made me
changed my kids and yeah that strike
force is pretty terrifying
come on boys were in the final this is
the final guys we need to win this
I lost the final before I don't want to
lose another one yeah guys this guy am
is it's pretty pretty good I can't come
like hide the fact that he is decent he
loves his wings though he loves it
solutely lucky loves wings more than JJ
I don't think I've even been in his half
yet and I don't see any there we go
places yep there's a cool McCarthy come
on mate all right yeah read that
everyone with that 1v1 me don't pass it
1v1 me 1v1 me oh ok can I think Saddam
okay yeah well playmate well played well
freakin played Oh looks like we got into
another final and failed again horribly
horrible I kind of just want to quit
this game he's actually he's actually
destroying me he's fisting me right now
it's coming past the point where he's
just touching me you know he's just he's
touching maybe a little a little bit of
a fuck it's just full-on disgusting now
isn't it three nail what we've lost is a
very depressing end and I got one
oh I just want this to be over can he
get so he can he's got so don't know why
I'm still really trying keep us up for a
corner he's Cristina's keeps come on oh
no oh no oh no no no no no no come on
hold him off
hold him off hold him off oh yeah
there's no wait I've done well I've done
well okay we've kept it respectable
while I open my mouth it might not be
respectable if he gets five it's not
respectable anymore
don't just no pen you're a little this
guy's a dickhead end the game there we
go how we going to lose again in the
final yeah let's see this swim I can't
wait to get REME ium go boys fight two
of them can I get someone good today
come on it's hos all right don't know
why I even bother showing you IDs pack
by the vest so bad these packs are all
that's a big players like 83-84 kachori
AK tonight there's now 84 okay okay
that was all right the rest of you lot
can piss up right that is all for the
automatic draw I think I did pretty well
I did I did a pretty good job that's all
for today if you guys have any other
challenges you want me to try on the
draft let me know in the description or
not the description one of my hello Mona
let me know in the comments though you
guys watching peace
you
