no dabbing no big man yes okay yo guys
what's going on and welcome to another
video with these two chip Toby they're
both in the description palek value is
what the challenge is today is we're
gonna take it in turns to say a word
basically like happy sad etc stuff like
that and then the other two whoever says
the word the other two will have to go
through their photo album and race to
find a picture to best express that work
if I say the word happy they'll race
through and they'll be like oh here you
go maybe a picture and you know their
matches on you bolt that's a video
videos yeah and I know but it's a race
so if you send it fuck if you so sure me
at first and I go yeah they's happy you
win I just got a new phone so I've got
about honking balls I'm not really good
so I try my best I will try my best
excuses whoever wins gets to say the
word next so that you don't have to show
as many photos okay so it's kind of like
you know you keep continuously lose you
might be showing yo embarrassing photos
oh god okay okay so I'm gonna stop okay
bye you guys ready I'm ready
okay so the first word that I'm gonna
choose yeah is constipated okay come on
it's like you yeah we are looking for a
picture of shock
kid prepubescent oh oh love me yeah you
just say we can use the same picture and
that does scream love me go Antonio be
quick oh that does scream love me bombs
begging for a look at the same picture
we did take a bit too long I think
because he used the same picture you got
it much quicker it did fit it fits
perfectly ok despair despair despair on
your phone you've got this you've got
this what we didn't say what the word
had to be yeah so I'm gonna go with
table table Oh
Toby's a smart guy you know Toby's a
smart guy you know big man nah this is
one of my favorites are you ready you
got games on your phone you gotta have a
picture this screams you got games on
your phone
let me down okay go on that's just a
bunny be sure let me see wait big
picture if I can find it you bought my
country come on let's stop this kid
that's it babe okay seven you won so you
got you get to go smelly smelly I'm not
having that
oh yeah you know I'm gonna get out Toby
yeah swank you know you know like the
2012 kind of swag the poor kid with the
glasses you know I look sexy that is any
ladies gonna hit me up in the future I'm
gonna have to shout it wasn't cool it's
too much of a smile I need more of a
straight face like a modeler
freeze predator sexual predator I've got
it I've got one this one doesn't count
Oh
okay okay
no I want to give it to him I want to
give him you about to me I don't want to
say that man is a sexual predator you
are saying that he is a sexual predator
hey no you're right yeah totally once
hit me with that Christmas feeling all
right
o Christmas tree horror film he's gonna
find a horror film terrifying toys
genuinely makes me feel sick I'm gonna
give wants to be black someone scream
below you know where
yeah there we go that's not even a
bundle me he's crying it's like trying
to call away you know there's different
ones he's crawling away from the best
that's a winner clear winner that will
do for bundle I'll take that okay your
last word to end it all all right who's
doing see first we have done videos over
on both of these guys channels to me so
you check out both of them in the
description subscribe while you're over
there and go like their videos that's
all for today I hope you guys enjoyed it
