the horrible shirt is back we are here
for another hunting we will go top
comment this time is a bit of a long one
so settle yourselves down get yourself
some nice cup of tea get yourself some
biscuits here we go
let it stay with a pack every hunter
game I think you meant go obviously when
you get to the higher division Hunter
will score lesser goals which means
lesser pecks which means lesser good
players and you will probably have to
fight a lot more getting goals so it's
okay to get a good squad early on by
getting a pack every time you score
hunter 1800 people like that so we're
sticking with it yeah we're down to this
team we do have the new edition of
darmian so the team is getting better
you guys still need to let me know who
to get almost 3000 coins obviously right
now we only need one point to get the
title so after this game we might get
two packs because I think I said before
that I get one for promotion and two for
tire iron
so pax is what we're opening if we win
let's go terrible team terrible team
terrible team trouble do double team
also Birds our Cape now he's bought
those though oh God oh dear at least he
is elites blow well we might not be
getting any packs of this game but you
know there's that one we could actually
even if we get a draw we still get the
packs for those saying that go on STIs
oh hello hello what I didn't actually
that was at a ridiculously good shot for
what it was you know what now I'm gonna
stay positive I think I could win this
game come on here we go wait he's a
hunter - hunter in it
that's hunter oh I can't I can I can I
can I come on no I think I would have
scored there but I didn't want to shoot
because I wanted hunter to score season
down see them okay
oh hello to liscus left-footed boom -
this guy is sick it's happening guys
we're getting the packs this game can we
get any extras we're about to find out
smashing it no I should smash a cross
he's just such a good goalkeeper this
fight that's why Leeds have him oh no oh
no oh no big tackle oh is it the post
the game on mate game on but sometime
pause it back please hunter please love
to show free b13 v1 he's got down he's
gonna chop off it back can I stop it
I can't another key bars so I love this
game when I'm winning but when I'm not I
do not
I've actually decided what Alex hunters
like Alex hunter is basically like the
year six player that plays with like Yi
at nine oh you hunter well you know no
no the like the like turn out okay no we
just need if we yeah hunter a goal we're
opening three pack tops in this game oh
no oh no oh no we need a big tackle now
big tackle big tackle it's fine it's
fine
I wasn't panicking he only has silvers
oh no no no he's gonna have to pass me
he's gonna pulse it he's good at it
across no okay
I only need a draw but I want to win as
a really one hunter to get a goal but
that doesn't look like it's happening
part time hunter you will get a goal
this off mark my words okay this needs
to be a goal let's just saw that Oh what
the hell are you doing
Felicio look out Eliska just sort
everything out and bang done to nil
Eliska is my dad oh dear oh dear I do
updates mister you down nervous I miss
my boys go slightly up a couple octaves
if I'm sore colitis Ibiza Duffy's wrong
okay okay let's see what I mean just saw
up cool you know what I'm so happy that
I'm gonna finally be out of what
division 9 this is so I'm gonna finally
be into division 8 okay now we have a
chance for hunter to get a goal I scored
one of these before
can he do it again hunter know I was
very very weak can we get a third third
a third alex part oh he gets a third he
doesn't he miss their goal and then how
the fly honestly what the fuck how was
that just miss that was that was the
easiest shot in the game but I know kick
of the game and I'm gonna do it quick
before he puts the player on the line
hunter he takes it high cinnabar how am
i at the part wait no wait I've won so
why not try it
oh okay I shouldn't have tried this so
I'm glad whistle give it to hunter
Hunter hunter what's up boy ah there you
go hunter thanks to you rusty though
that's a kick game over please where's
on top what's up oh just just just
just on top mad I've already won the
game but now I'm happy
ah do what you want me do what you want
the game's over look at all those coins
three and a half thousand coins we're up
to six and a half thousand hack numero
uno who we gonna get please give us
someone we can use it's a rare it's rare
it's not we don't use Rapids but here's
Leegin also they do sell hack number two
come on voice come on come on give me
something good it's not a rare we don't
get a rare but it's another sensor don't
tell me this one I already have
how will everyone to get have so few
players and you give me that that's not
see that's like a 79 rated or something
Mertes 200 83 that is sick I'm starting
to get Loveland as League of players
guys I don't really know what to do so
this is the team I'm using for this
Bharati has gone after this guy so I
need a sentiment or a goalkeeper or both
please let me know top comment will be
the one I do so Pauly's like each
other's comments and now we head into
the vision AIDS
what does division 8 hold and strange
team can deal with it though I can deal
with strange I mean I live with JJ so
I'm good I got Glenn Johnson now as well
Glenn freaking Leonel Johnson I have no
words right now for what just happened
but you know what we're not mate so I
don't really care division 8 is proving
a little bit more difficult you know
people are a lot less willing to let me
just score though saying that he did
just fall over right in front of me come
on keeper come out keep come out no you
didn't want to come out okay I is that
too near the goal here it's not oh but
that's like if I can't score that how do
i score one here we go again pause and
spanks there we go little barmy very
small part not my penis really wanted to
see where hunter was there Hunter's
getting involved again he set this up
and bang there's two nil he's playing
the pastures he's not getting forward
saying that there is there is going on
sir please
least you hit the post what more can I
do
don't oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my Daisy scores there's another pack all
right where is hunter where's hunter
where I give him the balls
oh damn we'll take a corner here we go
take kick boom to the edge and then why
your gun bang what win it win it
he's our side I mean I'm pretty
comfortable Hunter's already got a goal
we're winning three nails please abyss
that wasn't meant to be a high pitch by
the way it was like I am calm where's
the tackle was the cycleways attacked
where was where was the tackle he's not
a no he's not coming back all right
where's hunter and go for another one go
for another hunter spectacular you are
little bitch hunter Who am I kidding he
ain't coming back we go cross gold okay
Musa Musa shootings a little bit iffy
run hunter run gone going hunter that's
a please oh please yeah it's got another
we got two oh we're stuck in these packs
I see you far side I see you fast I know
he was too old bollocks how can he get
round he can't but Musa might know
please one more shot I don't think I'm
gonna get any more lads in fact he
actually is gonna get a last shot he
gets a last call fair play never gave up
he always stayed to his guns and yet
he's still got shattered we get two
packs though let's go come on please
give me something I can use
so or something no breasts five as well
let's name in a player I can get rid of
is it okay well there's always a calm
before the storm you know that was the
calm this is the storm I know what that
means you guys are all gonna say do the
draftees in the drums oh good you guys
need to let me know who to buy first
with the 7000 coins we have like John's
comments I just watch in and please
and knocked it by quarter sections of my
gunfire the Moors asked me and I lost a
section of my arm I got the water
I lost a sister by my god the Moors are
adopted by both the sections of white
