yo guys what's going on and welcome it
to a card a draft now I know you're
thinking yes we do use cards in the draw
but not these kind of cars so obviously
if you know how a deck of cards works
you know that there is ace 210 and then
there is Jack Queen King ace to 5 will
represent a player that I get in the
draft so that was one two three four
five that is the player that comes up
six seven eight nine ten is the same so
six will be the first player ten will be
the last picture cards however mean I
get to choose just to prove it okay you
can see that these are shuffled we will
start the door make sure okay so there
are five formations I'm gonna pick it
randomly so I'm not just gonna go from
the top the formation we are using is my
choice 6 4 2 2 to the captain we have to
use on there for this one it has it Oh
picture card please if that egg does
bang strike a time you know what I am
just gonna go from the top now we get a
four we have to take trial right other
strike up we have to take number two
okay who cares who gives a shit please
give me someone good give me someone get
the cake I'm yet
oh I get to choose good behavior so that
we could play message jam other kam in
fact we get a choice again this is bad
because I'm getting better choices for
bad players I'm gonna take care and just
broaden my chance of getting players
that link CDM come on give me some one
good we get us a 5 we get katroo ok
Susan go to well you know I don't really
know what I'm doing right now
Oh actually a dro does link a 10 that
means we're to take our walk up refer to
Danny Elvis can't choose everything 9
that's a Socrates other centre-back is a
10 we get the last one oh my days this
is gonna be hard what are we gonna get
you know what knows nothing yet we get
get a 6
yeah let's take all of us oh this is
painful how am I gonna win with this
team the Joker died okay I'm gonna count
that as a rare card I didn't realize
this was still in the pack I might take
Joe Hart and I hope that I can get a ppl
Center back to link sub time we're gonna
rattle through these quick bang - bang
Queen I get to choose kidnap okay what
do I do here
with Sewell a next one we get to go with
my choice again okay now we get a vvl
set about and I don't know if I want to
take them ah you know what we're gonna
take a mattock what we get next we get
in a three all tasty little moolah
little bit of a mullah corner there and
there's another Joker we get to choose
honestly I should have taken those out
ready so yes I mean if I can get another
set of midian bundesliga at seven so six
seven cone man all right now we move
into the reserves this is definitely
quit four five ace first one no wall six
DeMaria
I will actually get in some good players
that we may be able to make like we need
it we need a good defender or something
at nine we get the fourth one boom
final player is going to be the fourth
one one two three jeez admittedly I did
say I wanted that I must see what I can
do to this team okay so please don't
judge me but what I have come up with is
a little bit weird so the team that I'm
going to use looks like this a capes up
yes yes 69 long okay got D Marya playing
right back and I've got two wingers up
front but sometimes you have to go
backwards to go forwards don't know how
it make sense in this situation but
whatever grass is green in the other
side you know one of them don't eat
yellow snow just all the life lessons
just put together let's just go into the
draft this is going horrible show me
where you got me okay you got a Suarez
you got a Cruz go Roy you actually have
quite solid team well played okay well
there we go I mean sure let's just go
for him it's a messy messy is clearly
the best player I have give the ball to
God for this good effort this guy is one
of those players we're just not really
much happens in the game but then one
goal is gonna win this ready and this is
it
that's a Holly bass what that's why
you'll play for Watford run round him
then turn back in wrap person even a
good effort ah there's a shame I suck at
penalties I give me the target you know
what you don't telling me you're not
giving me an arrow all right you know
what we're just gonna go for
they're just to the side and he saved it
bang oh oh oh why did we aim at the
goalkeeper let's just end the game now
let's let's end the game go on yeah he's
seeing that and then hit that cross
Leonel gone wait a second
you didn't you could have literally
taken that down a volleyed it Oh
bollocks
Oh bollocks Wow Wow well I'm drawing
planning to end the game a second bo now
it's a draw there we go now we get the
chance
oh no no no no finish why I am so bad at
finishing how the hell was he score in
there I mean I know I I do have Joe high
goal first round I can't no I'm okay now
I'm not gonna hi in the first round I
refused to go out first round what a
turn what's a turn and he miss is that
we're actually a halftime and I'm losing
in the first round he's only had two
shots on-target he's winning 2-1 might
have to change sign up in a second his
soirees is causing me all kinds of
trouble oh he's through love there it is
there's the equalizer oh crap
oh shit that went way worse knuckle
fuck's sake no I have to clean up look
at the play from the boys the penalty
again there's another penalty please
give me a target
oh my can we down target again you don't
tell you him we've gone for there we've
gone just to the left not celebrating
I'm not celebrating
what sorry how did I just get a red card
I'm not really really sure what just
happened we're gonna pause it there
we're going to change something up go on
a bit defensive because you know we're a
little bit on the back foot right now
but if we can score this this would be
incredible no okay I'm a bit worried I'm
a bit worried I'm a okay that's fine
it's fine
you're fine just just chill Simon 17
minutes Leonel Messi do your thing
look look at him look at all right no
wait for this please yes just go move up
come on there oh he's actually my guys
he slow right down I see you far side I
see you four oh my dad joke mate what
are you doing game is definitely not
over oh no no no oh I'll get rid of that
please okay come on come on 90th minute
90th minute 90th minute Nixon just make
second make a second wait a second wait
a second please please please go go go
go go go go go go and the game our
referee oh there it is we finally won
the first round
oh thank you a lot more stressful than I
thought it would be admittedly my team
is shot show me what you got leave
Barcelona what BPL with a little Ben
Arfa
thrown in just doesn't mean I can't beat
it
okay we need to just play smart that's
that's how that's how we win play smart
go on and bang just wasn't it just
wasn't that bad was it
there we go there we go and then Messi
Messi you took way too long but he backs
it in he can't be jumping into tackles
anymore with his centre back back to
Messi back to Messi Messi bang will take
a bow took a foul in yeah oh it's better
we know where's that pen we why was that
pen away okay yeah yeah mate yeah mate
yeah maybe it was for some reason Kegel
is taking all of my whatchamacallit some
penalties right save that one oh shit Oh
oh my job you might have done your free
hair but you're freaking shitting gold
so DeMaria is now injured as well okay
this is fantastic
we're bringing on Carl walk it you know
what while we're here we may as well
make a sub or two ham shit you're coming
on for Paredes yeah we know you're going
to that guy we all know you've got all
my days I need to sign that is a foul
and that is disgusting and there's a
halftime and somehow
winning this name again that's just
can't score let's change that let's
change the fact that I can't school and
through and bang there we go
he's offside great thanks Simon look
like an idiot oh this guy's so
frustrating because he's not that good
but he's but he's a white to be fair
he's not I didn't do that come on
Vanessa
I took an affliction hearthis always
went in get rid are you so I'm losing
police keepers are useless in penalties
there's almost no point in them yeah I
was a good parent anyway mate how am I
losing Wisco going ultra takia now you
know what we're going all that attack we
have nothing to lose right now except
more pride except more pride please I
just want some pride is it last chance
last chance come on make a tackle now
make a tackle now and then we go we go
why have you just stopped your run go go
who is this socrates sure whatever I'll
have my centre back here I won't use him
though gone
and what was that you little fuck what
the fuck what a person what what's going
on we lost right we lost I don't know
what's going on right now yeah we lost
fucking you know what guys you can
always win the job do not always get to
the final I could if I did that then you
know what was going on every single time
I did it I'm gonna open these shitty
packs and see
what little things we can get cool yeah
a silver players pack houses we get we
didn't even get a player
we got a rep runs cool final premium
gold pack which three rows
oh no special folks today so I'm not
gonna be opening anymore apart from this
one pack Twilight outro that is all for
today thank you cards for really
screwing me over with that I'm not
ending on a non browser so yeah now I'm
gonna go pick up all the cards that is
oh my god really just give me one rep
but yeah there are cards everywhere so
thank you guys for watching
there's the rare card we end with a
Romina lemon we enter the lemon thank
you guys for watching please
you
