three years of us three years of the
Seidman and some of you have been around
for the entire thing today is the day
that we started the Seidman the 19th of
October so we are celebrating three
years of the group oh I actually just
got my room cleaned and now I've done
this that smell was actually incredible
is that weird I just wanted to take the
day to say thank you guys I'm sorry this
isn't exactly an exciting video again
how did this get here what though what
the whoa but yes we have been going for
three years and it's been incredible
then if you guys didn't know it
yesterday be 18th was the launch of the
sidemen book and yes I know you've heard
a lot about this already like you heard
us all talk about it so much but this is
the week it's finally come out and right
now I woke up to the news that we're
sitting number one on Amazon and audible
so our audiobook isn't a morn inaudible
in our book is number one on Amazon now
what does that mean well for those of
you who didn't know someone actually two
people made a promise about the book
a certain mr. ksi said that if we get
number one in the official book rankings
which you find out next Tuesday he will
go bald now I don't know about you but
if there is one incentive to buy this
apart from the event that is good I want
to see JD a bald like we are making him
go bald bald I'm not talking like you
know this bald I'm talking this is what
he will look like bone that is
terrifying so if you want to see JJ like
that honestly please please just this
week especially just please check this
out now there was one more person that
made a promise
a certain mr. bazinga he said yesterday
live on a stream that if we get number
one in the official butcher he will
dress as his look-alike
mr. tumble for a week for a whole week
how do you know what does he even
dressed as a clown for a week now I
wouldn't be pushing that obviously if I
didn't think it was good we spent many
many many nights doing this book and you
know having meeting stuff like that
heads why I bags under my eyes which you
can get from sideman clothing look at it
there what I feel like a genius is
wasted on people so yes the book link is
in the
shouldn't please check it out just just
today and if you want to tweet the rest
of the guys congratulating them on three
years as the side men that just feel
free I look it's I know we will be going
to Manchester Newcastle and South London
during the weekend so I don't know if
I'll have videos every day I'm trying
right now to get ahead hopefully I'll
have all the days but if I do miss one I
apologize and if you haven't checked out
we did release a few more tickets for
upload which is in November and I don't
know if there's any ticket I think
there's still some left on the Sunday
just a very very very very select few so
if you want to check out all of them
everything will be in the link
description but yeah thank you guys for
an incredible three years or third year
as the side man that's for me and the
rest of the guys also thank you for
everything that you've done for the book
and yeah I just want to end it there and
say thank you guys so much for three
years
well this wait if I don't want to chat
the whole time man do it yeah yeah
ghazals going on and thank you guys for
three years as the side man I'm not
doing this this is that ya'll watching
peace
