Hunter now number 29 is ready to play
this is the team was going to be using
obviously Watford number 29 of this
that's why I've got it now unfortunately
this is a pretty expensive chemistry
style so when you asked for it can't do
it I'm sorry you can't do that pop but
we could do the other part boom oh wait
I already showed you the formation so
you need to let me know who to buy
basically I think I need a centum mint
cuz he's gonna go or a centre-back more
subtle you know someone to link maybe
hunter to a bit field I don't know we're
right back or left back cuz I never have
anyone that links there was one more
comments for every goal hunter scores
you get to open a pack let's call these
shit we in Division 9 we won our first
two games if we win both today we have
guaranteed promotion we will be one
point away from the title so you've
already seen the team let's go show me
this shit you want to show me show me
the team it's gonna be amazing it yet
okay it's alright I mean he's got 100
197 chem is it good I don't know let's
see if his team is good level let's see
if he's good we can always start well
you know we can always start with a
little little 1/2 inch little one - that
was a poor touch what it Dini oh no his
team's go he's too good at it he's not
that good I mean he's like he's like an
average player but his team is better
than mine and that's that's just a fact
that I'm gonna have to deal though my
days
oh this is gonna be a horrible horribly
long game metaphorically obviously I
know that the the time doesn't change
depending on the team some backi a
little shit come back give me them give
me the ball keeper keeper please please
thank you good at good answers go
what no no I did not roll that oh really
again I'll know keeps kisses but get rid
there we go and then he gets through
with yazhini oh a guy that wants the
beat while he is presenting but you know
what I mean great save normally you
choose like a normal name and then just
put any all on the end
yeah that jao ain't a normal name think
about it there's Ronald Rob there's a
couple others that I'm really struggling
to think of right now
wow wow please please miss it he's
missed it right oh that was AA voice or
mister give this old girl
is that really what I've resorted I've
resorted to him scoring known goal I
mean is happiness off Simon's in his
half did it did it did it did it uh Alex
hunters like Adam honestly guys this
game isn't enjoyable he's just
destroying me over and over and over and
over and over again what did I say what
did I say did I say I wasn't enjoying
this I'm lying mate
I'm freaking love with this Oh boom boom
yes did on school puts it over touch
that's a back oh my days I have to
resort to that for hunted to get a go I
think it was going in anyway and that's
halftime will one day live again for
this guy he's this especially not on
fares a lot worse I feel a little bad
you know I actually I honestly feel a
little bad it's hunter its what a
frickin hunter just can't score come on
let's get the ball and pass it around
nicely oh well hunter Hunter hunter
what's up what am i doing what do I do
where am I going where we going where am
I going what am i doing what is this
accent Oh Hunter hunter bangs all across
what hi this is the chance this is the
chance I've been waiting for is it no
it's it died how has it died this quick
pass it back across it one more you know
what you know what bang I'm going for
I'm just taking the goal I want to win
this game more than I want a pat to
kneel 82nd minute I think I think we're
good
there we go game done one point of
promotion with seven games I think right
you know I kind of like this team if I
had another sentiment like off my
choices obviously barats he's gone in
two games shit when I get my Oh God
really
centre-back German no I'm not even
interested in that nothing from that one
but we can see what we can do now where
you got for me what Oh
okay we have a hundred chem and a good
team this is gonna be your first
struggle even though we have already
lost one right let's go let's just show
him who's boss I've got my two main
strikers on you know what though just
have a go oh I like to listen you know
he's got he's got a good presence about
him Musa with the pace Musa with the
place is here at laughs I don't know hey
oh we've got free kick do I really want
to take it with Hunter I really want to
go with Hunter and Bob Oh hunter you
know legends we've just got ourselves a
pack we just got those another back
I think it's chemistry I'm finally
playing in the to be PL strikers not
comfortable but moose has got the pace
I've turned in I'm full finessed it well
you stopped your run will you do ok ok
ok and then bang 1 4 3 now no answer
this time but we did get a goal from is
cold this isn't gonna be it this isn't
gonna be it you know what it's hunter
he's on us he's on up
he's on a freaking roll by where is he
where is he going
what God and shit all good please keep
the pressure on I'm really like having
this pressure on him since the last game
let's go let's go hunt the hunter
through hunter through and break it
loose oh I need the hat trick this is a
bad idea having a pack for every goal
because I get way too obsessed with
getting him goals Musa with the place
Musa with the base wait till he starts
moving there you go there you go there's
the four nil I mean it's going pretty
well
ok go through it you just literally ran
through bang Oh dimple the tackling me
you know what leo hunter finish the bar
you ran away again I think he's scared
of the ball you're scared of the ball
for some reason hunters just not playing
very far forward
he's a cam but he's playing is like a
CDM more alright alright gone bang Paul
Hunter has one final chance to do
something and he's failed absolutely
horrendously blow the whistle mate just
please just blow the whistle a cop okay
I don't want to defend anymore just
there we go we've won for Neil we're
promoted I'm not sure this rule is fair
you maybe we should change it let me
know also in the comments whether we
should change it and do like every two
goals I get back for every three laws
like a pack it doesn't have to be in the
same game all I know is for today I get
another two pack so for
here we go hazards please give me
something good we get a rare you get a
rare I can t use you mate
very old army and yes yes got right back
the to right back so we can play one
left back on one right back don't really
know what I'm gonna do at the moment
with the teams I may have to get you
guys to help but that's 75 now 75 rates
sitting back from Germany 76 I was wrong
from how I've worked it out if I can
just get one striker none of these
players I've used before so if you
wanted to do that if you want me to I
could put Muriel there I could put Pat
oh there or I could wait and just see
you I get there's a lot to let me know
but let me know anyway thank you guys
for watching and please
