yo guys what's going on out welcome look
at my mic today we are doing the
quickest draft ever we go for the
fastest in time that I can spend on a
draft okay we are going to minutes I'm
allowed to choose my formation first so
as soon as I click this that is when we
go 4 1 2 1 2 3 2 1 go come on come on
alright captain Capitan off we go with
uh lebakowski alright next connect
striker if I don't get any after Auto
water there blahblahblah I will have to
auto fill the rest of my team if I do
not fill the team come on dammit Silva
okay you're sure okay this isn't gonna
come well is it come on give me give me
some players that fit no we have no I
kicked a foot you know what sure we'll
go we'll go BPL we need a BPL striker
though please come on please please this
is awful what is going on Bundesliga
yeah well sure Bundesliga and then you
to stand swap bang alright go
we've already on my coffee bro they had
a quarter of our time you know what
we're going with you
Carrick why have I gone with kari what
am i doing what am i doing as p sure
center back come on give me another BPO
BPO BPO and then a Bundesliga why am I
taking so long come on bust a fee is
actually solid dispenser looking
motherfucker come on give me a bunt
Bundesliga all order build ok that'll do
that'll do all the veil and then if we
get Bundesliga now Bundesliga come on
please please click ok no we'll take 2
informs that's pretty solid we've got
two apples we've already had over half
our time oh my god I took the wrong
player there didn't I should have taken
no I need a striker please why am I
taking time on my goalkeepers sure why
did I take here what am I doing with my
life
sure Premier League oh my god 40 seconds
left
fuck it I'm so screwed Mertesacker I
just take a VP our place but I need some
Bundesliga Bundesliga sure you can go
there he's not gonna fit in a team at
all we got you or just you ok cool wait
there wells come on 20 seconds 20
seconds
Bundesliga Bundesliga striker go make
sure you can up the link come on come on
go on last like couple last couple last
couple last couple
we are out of we are now officially come
on I've got haven't even got two more
one more one more one and we are out of
time okay I'm still opening this okay I
know I know I'm just doing it sure can
ugly so the team we are using is looking
a little something like these slow
ladder sounds actually solid team for
two minutes
that's pretty good could always bring on
a Sanchez or a DeMaria I did forget
about this though which isn't good we'll
go with him it's time we're going into
the draft oh my two legends at around
more so you met and it's a brewing I
didn't get offered one of those so this
is taking a while isn't it I guess I got
some time to kill me as well uh have a
little read oh wow I mean I wonder where
everyone else can get this not like
there's a link right here Seidman book
Dakota UK okay enough selling out Simon
let's win oh dear is that ledger there's
oh no no no great take great come on
come on come on I am a solid defender I
am a lioness and the goal is my cub and
I finished the hippos that was never
gonna go in why would I do it that good
English Simon why would I do with that
oh go on flick it click on run person
run posit come on wait wait and then
turn out and then turn out again and
then don't get second please oh good
Wang whoa what a strike
oh goodness no you're gonna
Oh
farside seeing you faster oh wow you
just slowed right down lower
oh did you above us no you didn't
because you missed you silly silly
Mongoose all my days all my days I'm
through I'm through come on where's your
place please have some place please you
know what fast I'd bang
there you go to nail game done
I do that I beg you quit I beg you just
look but you're embarrassing yourself
what really
Oh No why not scientist on now David
Silver's engines oh my god Sanchez
Sanchez with his first little touch how
was he oh oh and there's a halftime
falling it off in the first round
I mean it's fully deserved please can
you just quit like I mean I have better
things to do with my day than just play
against someone that's not doing very
well you know I mean at the same time
you know I can score some nice goals but
why what's the point of scoring nice
goals against someone bad hi let's get
one final goal ready look fast light
know what the okay breath breath really
what the fuck is what are these passes
where are these worried good possibly go
and finish that please please at there
we go there's our final goal no he's
actually still staying I just don't want
to show you guys anymore of this game
I'm just I'm just gonna mess up out from
living in a school 6 Neil for the first
round pretty good but I want to win the
draft again we won it last time I want
to win again this guy has an es sports
kit and that team I know he doesn't have
a strike he's got a left mid for some
reason an awful lot of time to waste I'm
just saying
Simon book Booker T UK alright here we
go again game 2 we're in our nice little
alleged kit or as I like to call it red
period no I'm not using that well I have
now used it but you know what I mean I'm
not you know I'm never calling you that
again gone then gone in turns back in
and then bang standing still shots are
way too good in this game maybe we can
get another six Neal with two legends we
need that second goal so I can get
comfortable you know I need to be able
to take my trousers off metaphorically
obviously and yes that is me saying that
I uncomfortable without trousers so we
go through still not hard enough is it I
was a bit too hard at hey finish rough
how are you missing all right here we go
again here we go all right no no no
he's actually he's actually done very
very well well has he huzi no what's
that wide pass it inside pass again and
then take a touch finesse finish boom
what a banging at her a banging ever
that was so shitty with him oh my god oh
my god his goalkeeper walked back
deserve it
Jake's 11 is going down the play look at
the plate salad silver diamonds silver
you had so long and you missed it but
don't worry the power header is still
there how I'm really kind of hurt so
long farewell have fun Jake's 11 see ya
see ya we're into the Sammy's slack
ankle socks as the team name has he got
he in college him but he's got over it
now don't and a braille wowzers
let's go bro let's go where you going on
know why is the lag already this lag is
gonna kill me how can up
how can okay you know what I can't
actually play like this cuz I used to
roll what to strike oh my god
Oh Mike oh my god how is he just sport
no I can't lose in the semis that's not
allowed it's not allow it's not part of
the episode oh my god how are you don't
be a jerk don't be injured please why
does this never work
LT I'm trying to come on my days okay
you know what screw it we're just gonna
Swiney it we're gonna shoot that's why
that's why I'm gonna freakin third play
our second player go come on please
please please please please thank you Oh
Mario Gomez Mario Gomez that's right the
song is playing again seriously this guy
is very good at putting a lot of people
behind the ball well I say that I mean
he's very good at playing defensive is
that that's it what a why am i possibly
go on go go on okay you know what
take touch and finesse no he
how do you score those we made it all
time with a draw this is the semi-final
rhombus if we can just get one goal I
think we can hold it right let's see if
we can you know come on no no no no no
okay no you can still get that you can
still get us let's do you
let's do you boo come on run Oh turn out
play him in turn back and then take a
touch there you go no that was so slowly
- thanks you're touching people standing
still I think it would have gone India
there's the ball that's the ball that's
the ball boom and oh he's off the line
really off off the frickin line pass
pass take touch and smash how long do
you want to take to shoot thank you
finally finally he gets a read Sanchez's
come on send a bit okay I've taken off
camera come on I just need one more
chance just give me one more please one
more chop no no no no how did he even
get through oh this is it this is it
bangs it across there's Nicole that's
what we need a 83rd minute where's 10
men I just need to hold it please he's
brought on Jaime bloody Vardy blow your
whistle blow a whistle blow your
freaking whistle please cuz if you blow
your whistle it's over if you blow your
whistle it's over oh it's over mate it's
over it's over we're in the final turns
out his team's actually kind of decent
you know and I built this in two minutes
watch him be amazing though is this is
the final for me this might not even be
the final for him I just know it's too
good to be true to win two drafts in a
row I can't I can't win another one I
mean saying that we are doing or we're
doing all right here we're doing all
right
we're doing all frickin Fricks with what
Dilla okay one more call if I can get
one more go very quickly he'll quit my
team is falling apart a little bit a
little bit I mean that's our target
that's nothing I can say that is our
target he just plays it so wide you know
literally this guy on my date no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no that
was a like a million percent a penalty
oK we've almost made it's a halftime
with the lead but this is going very
very badly in terms of
fresh up because I'm having all of the
fricken crusher
there you go thesis culture how this guy
just loves Gareth Bale I don't know how
I'm gonna score just before half-time is
what just before look we're already at
half time now and I mean it's a pretty
dull game the 10th game it's in the
final oh this guy is forced rating as
hell but we need it we need to learn to
play against people that are frustrating
come on Gomez come on Gomez come on
wait wait wait playing back playing back
and then for this you little bleeder you
just saw up good please please please
how do I not score those and there's his
second goal now we're losing within like
10 minutes we're now losing oh my days
you know what schweinsteiger is having a
frickin shocker he's coming off we're
putting Sanchez there again you know
what we need a goal is well caret you're
coming off the maria's there well guys
it was a good final while it lasted and
he's dabbed on me he has just dabbed on
me we need a goal we need to go right
now if we want a chance I could tell for
some reason that this guy was just it
like the second he's died playing slow
like this I knew this was gonna be a
horrible game and I knew I'd probably
lose good good there's one we actually
going back oh my god oh my god oh my
elbow get a bowl get Oh get a bombed-out
it no come on please please please make
it a cool please if I can't I go now
okay last shot what the Frick was that
oh my you little what a time to not put
any power in your legs
who knows what our prize would have been
but now we have the semi-final prize and
this is just it's just the pre is that
it is that actually basically we get for
rare players that is it and this one oh
wow we got I mean he does actually sell
so that one's actually alright reread
that's it and we get oh yeah great was a
tiny flair Oh
what file cow whoo what style cow I mean
the 15k packs a probably better than
that aren't they let's see I'm going
over one more outro thank you guys for
watching you know what he's actually
better are they these are these are
actually better than those don't know
why I'm opening these but I open them
anyway and you know I may as well just
throw it in the end of the video I skip
it unless I see a big flag because you
know Bruno oh so angry you know I'm so
frickin angry I sweat that wisely I
would have straight discarded him I
wouldn't even care oh I just wish that I
could yeah at least give me something
good just one good thing no that's a
tiny flower again dammit see how small
our flower was that was for him final
Pike to end the day the last 15 K pack
so that is all for the fastest drop
that's a big flare it's an 84 roughly
maybe yeah hey but that is all for today
thank you guys watching um peace yo
what's going on now I know what you're
thinking why don't fuck you were mature
I woke up too freaking late and missed
it I will have it tomorrow okay top
comment was - bye Musa how does I know
that was gonna be too expensive okay we
have fun1 and we have Musa now division
9 we have two games today win both and
we're safe already so this is the team
we're going to be running we are gonna
put hunter as a cam straight away let's
go division 9 alright bro show me what
you got yeah that's what I thought you
have very average team we can beat this
we've got this
