yo what's going on now I know what
you're thinking whoa
fuck you were mature I woke up too
freaking late and missed it I will have
it tomorrow okay top comment was to buy
Musa how did I know that was gonna be
too expensive okay we have fun1 and we
have Musa now division nine we have two
games today win both and we're safe
already so this is the team we're going
to be running we are gonna put hunter as
a cam straight away let's go division
nine all right bro show me what you got
yeah that's what I thought you a very
average team we can beat this we've got
this man are you ready for me to destroy
ya
you ready cuz this is gonna be an easy
easy game look I'm just passing it
around just wonderful that was the wrong
way no no no no no no come on I said
this is gonna be easy
oh no you know this guy's a dick what
okay Dwight why is this like happening
why is the like happening no no no okay
we've made it round one we've made
around no I didn't mean better be a big
eighty spin I really don't want in to
score and watch him Deb I said please I
don't know what you dab I don't want to
watch you damn stop keeps please thank
you moose I'm just saying this is your
Davy you have to score oh no oh no stop
it stop yeah oh how did that always go
in all the days get rid give me your ego
rigor and make it a call my goal he's
gonna turn out stop this stop okay
sometimes this guy looks really good and
sometimes he does that right where is
Moosa let's just end this let's what the
Frick was that else owari oh Sh wari but
oh come on Bharati we're at sea with the
pace does he have pace I don't know but
we're finding out and there's a rebel
boom know what I was in for know his
defender headed it
oh my face I didn't even realize I
thought I added it why God how do i
score those
you know what I'm actually happy that
Ingo in because I know I would have been
screaming if that happened go on God why
can't you shoot hunter I need him to get
hatching so I can get another pack else
owari on the bull we play out wide come
on tini tini actually is a striker he
could shoot kami
he caught in can't shoot he plays for
what that he's not that good a striker
so I was really mean and unnecessary I
apologize
oh here we go Dini please Dini thank you
okay he can shoot I'm sorry all watford
fans see me has a goal oh dear oh dear
oh dear oh dear oh no not today mate
deep long as we're winning I'm not
complaining one shot on target nice on
me Oh wallets that's the anger with it
that's yeah no shouldn't finesse there
make Musa please you like I bought you
because I pays well and everyone told me
to that's a foul
well that's a pass back then surely just
get rid of this and put it to the
striker key to this rate is it ok ok win
that win that win that one there no no
no no no no let's stop bad bad cars are
us nice good pass are us go go go
no what pass it go and then we go again
run run Dini run Dini come on oh you
just stopped you just you freakin
whoever that's it's hunter hunter this
is your chance this is your chance to do
something with your life
please buy worth or debug that we go we
gotta desist Verratti probably the
shortest player on the pitch scoring a
header game has turned to scraps look at
it look at the past thing it just
doesn't work wait this is this much
smoke no oh wait wait it's actually
working for good so what's a good gonna
go you're gonna go he doesn't get a go
can they God shoot oh my god hunters in
another chance he's got another job and
he's at the post he's hit the post and
then frickin is that Dini scores there
it is three nil I'll take it you know
hunter I think what you get golden
assists or something well no he got two
assists going into Game two this is for
safety the next episode we can
potentially get promoted already oh sure
our Wiis contract is gonna go soon and
yes i had to focus to get that right we
need a winger or we need to change
formation so you need to let me know top
comment either change formation or wing
that is what I want wait don't know what
to say about this team this is very
average got some good players got some
bad I let's go guys let's do this
let's do the ting do the mother-freaking
ting corney's posny back unique spots no
no he's not
oh okay maybe he's not actually as good
as I thought he was but he's still he's
still not bad I mean I could definitely
definitely lose this game this big
already I'm gonna score now Pass pass
hunter how am I gonna last with hunter
this is how this is how bang how am I
gonna last with him come on how I okay
you nope nope okay we did a bad turn
there but it's worked out it's worked
out far side I want hunter to score but
he's just not where I want him to be I
mean even when he is I can't score
anyway so it doesn't matter good effort
look he's there but can he score no he
can't really one hunter to frickin play
up front so he can score there we go we
have one okay we can get happy to give
this game do not do not please do not do
not quit because if you quit then I
don't get it no okay good we can get
this hat trick we have another chance
hunters it no wait Hunter you're scoring
this hunter hunter go on please oh okay
that's not hunter foot no I don't I
almost don't want to score with anyone
else because he might quit he suddenly
got a lot better than he was
okay this is a good shot here it's a
good shot no no no completely so I was
literally about to pass it through come
on we need a second goal for Alex hunter
and he's gonna get it get it right now
straight from here straight from kickoff
ready look look at the play look at the
play where's the run okay posture there
then you lame in and then boom are you
freaking serious
oh no I spilt us fill up --spill --spill
--spill --spill hunters on Iran he's on
a run he turns out he turns one turns
another and thereby tigress oh my god
are you I'm Michael I don't know I'm not
banging the table anymore I'm slowly
realizing how hard this is gonna be to
get him a hat-trick there's the shot he
just can't shoot K give it back to
Hunter give it back okay Hunter
okay I've really messed I've really
messed up I actually need to focus
because I'm only one day a lot Hunter's
doing a doing bit but he just come on
what's up wrong he doesn't have legs
look at his tiredness I'm so pleased
you're through
can you store though of course he can
okay Simon we have freaking three
minutes left give up on the fact that
hunters trying to get hat chick and just
try and score even when I put a good
ball in that was like a ball but again
go on pata I mean we have just enough
time for one more attack no we don't
okay what we won one nil if hunter could
shoot it could have been about nine but
we are now safe in the division
regardless of what happens for the other
eight games let me know what winger or
what formation I should play because I
don't have a single winger yet I'm
playing for 33
oh sure Ari will be gone in one more
game so let me know the top come on
would be the one I choose thank us but
in at peace
