why have you just clicked on this video
the title is how big is my penis and
you've clicked on this you really want
to know yet yes I'm wearing a onesie
this has a zip here I really want to
know huh yeah okay and yeah that yeah
there you go
oh why am I wearing a headset I'm not
even listening to anything so I asked
you guys on Twitter what I should do for
a video a lot of you have to do quizzes
so today I'm doing all of the quizzes
kind of not really I'm doing a few
quizzes so you somehow don't know what
BuzzFeed is it's basically this thing
that I'm on in particular is just a load
of weird quizzes like what type of
wicker you know I'm not doing those this
just looks massively sponsored doesn't
it quiz number one are you weird or
normal pick one black or white rip I'm
not being called a racist regard black
again I'm not I'm not being racist I'm
choosing chocolate seriously what the
fuck I messed up guys I messed up I
don't know what this is but sure we're
gonna go with this one
and let's see you got normal I'm normal
you're good at going with the flow and
handling situations life throws at you
you're not boring you just know
seriously life sorry that's right I made
that joke quiz - is it lit from where
you are right this very second take a
look around
soak in your surroundings now it's time
to answer is it lit check off everything
that applies okay are there more than
five people this food within arm's reach
Pringles
yes pizza honestly I literally just ate
one okay I'll just I'm counting that as
a yes I can see the color gold yes get
more lip but a second more than Tempe I
just said no to five people there's a DJ
it's dark it's steamy hot I am wearing a
onesie people are dancing yeah sure I
mean this is one dough I'm not on a boat
no one is singing there is alcohol
now does alcohol it's lit now affected
so lit that now
I mean I'm counting that I'm the people
singing everyone has cool clothes Cup
onesie one of you falls from above
could that even mean but that Barry that
was fuckin all for I'm sorry no it
doesn't show me my results whoa it's
trying to live I think that's enough of
that quiz how normal are your penis
opinions compared to everyone else's
first let's look at size wish you've
gotta let I'm on the wrong quiz we know
the size of your penis based on your
taste in food now I'm on the right quiz
thick of food emoji I mean I don't
normally use any of these emojis but if
I had to and I think I'd go with a
banana to be honest I don't really know
where this is going but potato dish I'm
a big fan of mashed potatoes a little
bit gravy on there still some bangers on
the side you know what are we talking
about biggest sausage salami breakfast
it's either salami or frankfurter I'm
gonna go with I'm gonna go with salami
no I can't be a good salami that one
shouldn't even be a question I'm doing a
laugh that I was gonna go a lot worse
there you go guys I got a four to six
inch penis and you know you can trust it
as well because this is from BuzzFeed
how wrong are your swearing opinions
which is a better swear word fuck by
these are amazing wank stain or twat
face wank stain is amazing so the better
penis inspired curse word cop because
dick is a name all of the bridges out
there get caught dick Oh shouldn't leave
alcohol mass the grossest alternative to
vagina I mean according to this ranking
system neither of them of this and
neither of them I think my favorite
there is fur bug notoriously Agee is
that word offensive to me now I am not
wanting to get offended easily so I'm
gonna say no it would oppose how you say
if you pronounce the T at the end of you
add that at the end if you if you make
that noise then you mean offense final
quiz which weird sex toys should you get
based on your zodiac sign
what if you guys didn't know my birthday
is the seventh
September making me a Virgo Fargo not
virgin okay what should I get
Oh God I don't think I'm sure what long
but and bought okay I'm gonna click one
more we'll go for a liter the Libra is
getting an all sex like that would make
it pretty lit anyways that is actually
all for the quizzes today I'm sorry if
you didn't like these quizzes but they
are the random quizzes that I picked out
thanks for watching be sure to smash
that like button if you did enjoy that I
know what to post more of in the future
thank you guys watching and peace I said
thank you guys watching twice anyway see
