yoga's is going on and welcome to man or
woman man or woman
I thought you about to make a pun on my
name Manny or what man Manny woman I
don't know no what doesn't work G this
is basically a quiz whether we can tell
if a picture is a man or a woman they
are very very very very disturbingly
well dressed and hard to tell yeah there
are 15 so the first one we will use as
an example after that we will take it in
turns to guess if you get it wrong sour
Walt I managed had quite a lot of balls
at his mouth before so yeah it is that
what we're down for yeah this is
actually what we're going what's this
person born a man or what is just an
example okay so this one doesn't matter
get wrong here so we you know we can
discuss but I feel like anything we say
will come across as rude it probably
will but you know screw it screw dodo
please I think it's man you think as a
man yeah it looks like Steve Urkel see I
walk deeper garden eyes robos saying man
so if we were to say man Marty that is a
chance for me multi okay so now you get
the idea we're gonna take it in turns do
you want to go first or second oh you
only a first yeah okay so the next one
is yours boom
born wearing blue or pink that is sexist
assuming the bald men like blue women
like pink oh she's hot hey babe oh I
don't know buddy
you know a person was born a woman you
gave me
that's a man
it's brain I knew she was to peg black
unlike that woman take those balls well
I mean she might tables I don't know
anyway here we go oh they'll really sour
my boy ha ha ha that's crying he's
crying really no no I'm not gonna yell
wrong I'm not I'm determined
while we doing add my turn
was this person born a he or a she I'm a
saver ago regardless his I Shi Zhai
regardless even if it was a man all
right but it was a man I'm look I'm
looking at that I'm looking at the
shoulder muscle right now yes god I
don't think that's gonna work I tried
that with the cosmos now that's the
stuff oh that's a shoulder muscle that's
a that's a Henry under there that's not
Henrietta that's a Henry you ready look
man bang you're done naw yo this is
scary
what's this person born a little prince
or princess I know a hundred some wild
go forecast that NASA Prince you think
as a friend
yeah I would 100% good princess you
ready that's definitely don't ever get a
Thailand man you hit you're screwed
round two Oh No get ready breath really
where's the Hat where's the head holding
Barrett it's oh I like this game if you
want to stop we can stop money good good
yeah I think I need to talk to something
my second go okay oh did the stork bring
a bouncing baby boy or a beautiful baby
girl ooh this one's hard see I want to
go for woman eyes they giving me the man
look lips a woman bottom light you know
what anyone can change the lips it's the
eyes you can't change so it's very hard
to change your eyes look at me
now you got a man like fun no I'm sorry
whatever your name was - love you well
many hundreds in a woman like even the
smell is sour I didn't know that was a
thing we like to eat with so welcome
good Simon is army I don't know the rest
of the song
that face is not encouraging
ah struggling I know you don't like
spicy food I love spicy food why do you
just beat your chest like some sort of
caveman your go number six
wow man you will quit with that one yeah
I took a little look go to answer things
I think it was about your yg does this
one piece standing up or sitting down
this is my choice they have quite a long
hand like they have big hands they have
manly hands there's gonna be very
insulting if this is a woman but it also
looks like a wig but I think is trying
to throw me off I'm gonna go for a woman
clean that's a good choice I don't want
another one please
oh my thought wow I'm really told one
another what money
you brought me here okay I've had too
many please
ah
I'm cringing fool you bout getting it
done quick stop trying to act all madly
in that we both know your gums are sore
but shut up that is so Buzz top men
pushing pets
mm-hmm don't huh question is does he or
she have a Wow does this not have to
shave their beard or their legs graph it
legs Yoshi shame B we always aim G oh my
god Susan as a woman that's a woman boom
you're my couch oh that's a tough one
I'm stuck that's also very sexist phrase
does this is one way of boxers or songs
yo men can wear both women can wear both
everyone dementing because you don't get
nobody to judge my you got judgmental
face and the hand i hands the hand the
hand i just got pretty big like back
muscle as well okay being I look here
look at looking like a simmer back here
yeah look like she went edits toys I'm
going for a man yeah please
but I can get money with a gang thank
you for the image like at least for my
thumbnail and pretend how to temper that
one we know what by the time I finished
you have to have decided the next one go
man click it
mm oh I'm getting good at this I told
you warmup
mind games mind games I'm in your head
never brown I beg I'll get the next one
right
oh god you gotta get this right that's
Alex look I can see a Oh Alex you good
yeah yes some good fun I don't listen to
me this is your choice mad mad more
thumbnail material weights then get all
the beers what do you go for she or he
is a heartbeat music that's a woman oh
my god oh my god oh one I was a bad one
I'm saying woman you say woman oh my god
oh no whoo no oh yeah now you're happy
you're so sad a second ago
oh that's a woman died whoa
Malik Simon Mann a Simon died I think
Simon woman good luck gee that is too
much a trap that is a man yeah
let's copy tie my shoe my cheese mighty
well done
yes boys a victory music touch the sky
that's playing oh wait there's more
puppies we're not eating anymore yeah
we'll go work together working together
is there a bulge Hydra I'm saying yes
woman woman
lightwork bang told you told you man I
told you there's definitely a bulge let
Cheryl Cole I know that picture that you
showed in your background yeah my Sony
Ericsson don't test me oh that's a porno
though judge me
Oh is yogge police beer woman oh my god
manny has fake Lenny be fucked up
that's an announcement him I think is a
trick book yeah I think it's so manly
that it's a woman it looks like what
Leonore missing will look like in 20
years random we are men it was right as
I said remember don't judge a book by
its bounce or something like that
that is all for today thank ice watching
we have also done a video on Manny's
channel where we embarrassed ourselves
with accents which you can check out by
subscribing to him down in the
description thank you guys watching and
push
you
