Alex hunter y'all what's going on guys
welcome to another hunting we will go
where we use Alex hunter to try and win
the divisions now last time what
happened Alex hunter got injured no
hunters injured guys what do I do
answers actually injured he has to come
off panda ruin in the episode maybe
that's why it did so badly now he is
injured for another two matches and
there's two sides to this but if he gets
injured it is kind of his fault the
whole series is about him we kind of
need it doesn't matter okay he's injured
we need to use him Alicia says what what
it's like 2:00 a.m. right now I don't
know what I'm doing anyways I decided to
kind of go down an approach to take both
sides into account because to Liska did
get a hat-trick which I set up al we get
over one packet if I get in that pack a
healing card or enough coins to get a
healing card Alex hunter shall play this
is cheating enough I cannot go for a 25k
pack here we go please give me a healing
card or something good we got a rare we
get it we get a rare we could sell him
we could sell him we could sell Campbell
Cantonese too because I may be able to
use when the squad building challenges
the rest I've sold so that I can get the
healing card we've managed to get one
for a thousand coins which is very
annoying because then I could have
actually afforded it last time so we
already have a thousand coins and we
have two games today to try and win the
title this is the weird-ass team that
I'm going for
here we go show me okay yeah everyone
okay no chemistry that is what I'm
noticing the bronze I see you very low
okay let's do this Hunter you're back
you got you can't and can't let me down
now hunter you know what I'm blaming I'm
actually gonna blame the camera cuz Toby
Toby's changes only broadcaster let's
try that um didn't really help didn't
didn't help whatsoever is it my team no
he is a worse team here we go here we go
here we go along please please but all
go laughs aw this is gonna be a
high-scoring game seen the run save the
run go through come on - lets go come on
come on okay see you on the edge hunter
okay
this definitely just took a while to you
know get into the game
get into the p8 that was what is going
on with my shooting
oh ho pauses it in and then - no turn
back out the other way seriously where
are the goals
oh god heads up gone ha girl I know who
you are but you've got what you've done
incredible well you're incredible well
whatever whatever we're wedding if I can
win this all I need is a draw in my
final game to get the title we've made
into half time we deserve it look at
that what am i why am I making these
noises cool great goal as out done hey
doctor they won't like that this video
gets like let's just say a random number
thirty one thousand likes
that's quite I like I'm gonna go to the
Watford's store and get a Watford
t-shirt with hunter 29 on the back I've
seen you hunter I've seen you bang okay
that didn't really go on no wait wait
wow wow hunter Oh are the plays the
plays no no no no no no no no no wait
wait oh okay then I was gonna be a fake
shot turn up there we go first win of
the day yeah may I see you hunter I see
you I see hunt off please please what
what oh ho hunters played a great all
through okay you know what
no wait wait we don't we don't actually
have enough time you know we just we
just miss anyway what a hunter was so
far back ah where is he when you need
him but actually where is he right
where's before know that that wasn't
even to him you know what screw it okay
let's just end there okay the game's
over
we just need one more point to get the
title this is the team and I don't know
what this is I mean Patos pretty much
dead tell me where you got bro show me
where you go sugar okay respect for all
England but I still hate that's the
point today Simon just a point that's
all I need we can do it this is for the
title one point why is he passing around
the back bro why why are you passing
around the back
what's going on is he just baiting me or
is this actually a thing I know you guys
aren't gonna believe this but he
genuinely seems like you've time wasting
ho-oh the hunter can get hat trick that
would make three packs at the end of his
compliment limit no wait go okay I
should have I should have tried being
selfish but I want enough I'm on a win
I'd rather win they get Aleksandra hi
chick I'm sorry
all my days oh my duck is hunter as well
it's nods up puts up boom that's one
will you get hatchery hunter where are
you come on come on no no no no honey
okay you know what no I need I said as I
said I need to win come on come on Pat
up although I got a sponsor their place
one server
no icon a car a cock can I can I
I can I can he's missed a bit okay
that's hunter that's hunter time sister
did he started his round so he's got
three he'll across no rocket Santa is on
a little mission look it look it look
him he's on a mission
there it is halftime we're winning
that's that's the main thing I know I
know I'm really really really really
really trying to get hunter more goals
but I should stop soon though why does
it say striker again honestly nothing is
happening in this game I mean yeah you
had a shot big whoop want to fight about
it no oh my god hunter what's up that's
a please why don't those go in okay okay
this is it this is it here we go turn in
turn what dog freak how did you just
push me off hunter snow hunter sir oh my
god if I score this what's up
okay you know what hunters gonna be a
struggle to score with I've decided guys
I have fully given up on the hat-trick
for Hunter but you know what
as long as we win I mean even if we draw
that's still good enough to get the
title and there it is we won the title
what a terrible terrible game yes we
have we won the Cup mm and as I said we
get two packs for winning the title so
I'm going to open them now on whatever I
get I want you to tell me what to do
with them so two premium gold packs I
know
there are 25k by the last year okay I'm
trying to do this quite fairly we get no
that is awful and of all of them into my
club and then we can see what we can do
with them after pack - I need running I
don't win oh please please give me a
wing up okay tell us good cam is okay
it's good
no cams like the worst thing to get so
these are all players but obviously
haven't used and have no intention of
really using there's anyone else there
that you want me to get rid of or you
think I should by anyone or whatever let
me know top cover with one I to say guys
for watching and push em not ready for
the kid they just want to chill another
baby with a kid wanna bust joke like let
me with a kid money can get my
blackberry with a kid cause I think I
struck sack heavy with a snake cuz I'm
on semi think I'm a little bitch you can
take looking like this a free kick I
figure I'm sick like killing on a pitch
so because you're messy real quick cuz
they wanna cos y'all with it I'm a bitch
you ain't at home
