jungles are some welcome to another
football challenge meets gaming today
I'm joined with Panna Manny how this is
gonna work today is that we are doing a
random selection match after these
challenges where we will choose four
leagues to pick a team from would a
random put will challenge first to
decide who gets the first pick in that
league so the leaves will be Premiership
La Liga serie however they call it
nowadays and League boom so the first
challenge is to score from here around
the cone into the goal in that doorway
so we're gonna take you in turns first
one to do it
gets to pick first from the Premiership
so you want to go first or second up out
of her okay okay man ease up first okay
that's my tree bro you're right alright
busy I ain't gonna woods yeah I think I
think just just take you just gone
that's it that's done that's it just
take all this I'll take all the teams
alright second challenge this is for La
Liga
obviously there's two good teams in the
league us they doesn't really matter
that much we've got to pick the ball
from there into that ball not as easy as
you thought is it she's managed doing
really bad I'm just here with one of
these good see that that is arrogance
I'm ready were you ready
I didn't even move the camera because I
didn't know and you gonna keep that if
you could just you know
okay I'm ending this
- closer I get two choices all right
next up Syria all right Charlie's number
three as I said is Syria we're gonna be
chipping it from here
over this into the goal over there food
fads you know we've had curling Pat
chipping now we're combining the two
like a little quick give me some swag
stickers mani go for it over turn number
two always missed
I mean account it's somehow counts even
if you did hit the couch all right so
the fourth challenge is for legal I'm
not like I run out a fourth challenge so
uh yeah we just got hit changing in the
head though first ones to hit him in the
head wins killing ksi prank gone wrong
bang doing this for my brother and Becky
that was just not a head burn it
Jeanette oh yeah you're not sorry at all
let's try to see how high
okay so now that the Chinese are done I
won the first two I won't be peon
leaguer you on Syria and League oh oh so
we're gonna take you interns I'm gonna
go we're gonna go BPO first I get first
choice so I'm gonna go select from a
team English League and I'm gonna go for
Man City well man blue are you gonna go
you're going English league I'm gonna go
man red okay now we're gonna Liga and I
get first choice again I'm gonna go with
Rome Madrid I thought you're gonna take
Barcelona just beautiful I'll go get ro
Madrid okay so now Syria you choose I
know who I'm choosing wanna be a popular
choice but I'm gonna go Napoli now final
one is from Leon I don't I don't know
I'm picking sorry bro I don't know I'm
thinking no Monica all right so we've
got our four teams we're gonna get an
amalgamation of random players I so
these are my players Ramos Marcelo Silva
then my best players oh good it could be
worse what do you mean I was smart I
could have got Ronaldo Bale you gon
Lukaku Cavani da ba ba look at your
attack to be honest I chose menos I
wanna pop robot you know your attack
looks great too
I mean I gotta wear I got merson's okay
so the way this works is basically on
the next screen we both get to choose a
player from the other person's squad to
try and take on the next screen after
that you get to choose a player of yours
to protect if I went Manny I'm gonna
take your Neymar and then he goes I'm
gonna protect my name while but he
doesn't know who I protect I'm trying to
take then I'd get one of his really bad
players but if I go my name will take
your Ebro and he's that arm protecting
NEMA I would get a zebra I'm looking at
the left screen right now this is who I
could take oh I picked mine bro this is
so annoying because you have so many but
it's like it's all about shows the black
ice and now which goods of this and we
get to protect a player each so I'm
gonna protect tense now I'm actually
really nervous I kind of want to just
ask you now who
no no no okay well we can't change it to
unwanted play at what we just get rid of
someone
this is who you get if you get it right
I protected my player yeah okay you can
have the rm8 that what you're gonna do
for me Marlon that's not too bad please
can you just tell me which is Ramos no I
know but I thought you would've chosen
Marcello I'm actually so angry right now
what do I have my dish oh I don't have
another sent it back I've got 72 I
promise man I'm liking this I'm liking
this this is Ray even know about my team
you know about my team my team start
about my top know about my team just you
guys know while this is loading there is
a game mode called my club which is free
if you download Pez light then it's in
the description I'll leave a link to it
and for a limited time only Zico the
legend Zico is out as well so you know
what giveaway whoever loses gives away a
15 pound code okay that's you know four
points to open packs all right you know
Owens
all right all right you ain't gonna stop
he was gonna be white Eber is basically
the best player in the game that's why I
took it oh my I was laughing I just
realized you took a bro
oh my god that ball was insane that ball
was insane bang go ebrill your man Ebro
comes from your club and he scores I get
stupid you're giving away of cold Mike
hello hello
that's to skit you're a disgusting
what's your handicap Eber big up he bro
big are you bro hey let him walk in
there they let him that was an insane
ball though no don't finish
Oh ref that's a pen that is a pen and
you know it that's why use yes yes yes I
went out wide a bra do more this I knew
you miss you
that's way wobbles Oh is there is there
a button under Singh directional is
there a score button I'm just missing
but that's an even better heavy scoop
one not in the box
he just got be it in the air by rafinha
he is what would you have quit without
VIN no I actually would have quit out of
in like the end of your PES pro career
Yomi
I'm not sure I'm the strong man's mate I
just brought my yeah there's about nine
people around you yeah that's a beauty
ain't a bra and oh oh
Manny what but thank you thank you rare
disgusting you are disgusting human ah
look who is it's your boy on your boy is
the worst decision actually somehow
we've done a video on his channel watch
it and you'll understand everything in
life holy bruh and eBrush a scored
there's a button I'm missing says our
button I am missing I just feel so great
no there's a button I'm missing there is
a button I miss it what is a ly tell me
what I really did nice mark hello good
one you turn like a brick what the codes
right here right right above many
anyways that's all for the video today
hopefully you guys enjoyed it if you
want to see more football meets gaming
then let me know in the comments down
below leave a like the enjoyed check out
pears in the description and as I said
Zico is available right now
check out Manny as well in the
description and subscribe if you haven't
we have done the video
channel as well so make sure you check
that out it's another football gaming
related challenge channel challenge yeah
that was the first time I've ever done
the challenge as well on his channel
wasn't over done that so yeah make sure
you check it out that's watching
