Joe guzzles going on and welcome to
another hunting we will go and yes
before we start my t-shirt is hairy
space so you can stop commenting about
it the comments this week were pretty
interesting mainly because they were all
about buying rasmus how's that then that
nineteen twelve thousand twelve I have
one thousand guys there were quite a few
comments about getting Deanie though and
he is affordable so as he is only seven
hundred we're gonna get Troy Deeney
little perfect link there the other
thing you told me to do is squad
building challenges so I have to do this
one first yeah cool as one I don't think
I've used any of these guys probably
need these players for the final one so
let's just get him in the club I don't
know what I'm doing right now guys I may
have to get rid of Kitsilano because I
don't have anyone else that I can't be
bothered to like by someone just to fit
for this but if it helps you've got two
players pack so let's get a premium
bronze players pack out like who knows
we may get or whatever I don't even know
his name as anymore Orellana we have a
two players pack one of them is rare
come on please please please please
please please please please be good oh
oh whoa eighty-three Bruno that's not
bad you have an empty space so I've
messed around with the team a little bit
and this is about as good as we can get
the only problem is Pat oh and how's
your hurry up freaking tired and our
goalkeepers about to go so that should
hopefully tell you who we need to buy we
do have this guy that could go in goal
so we don't really need a goalie SBC
squad Building Challenge that you taught
me to do was the gold upgrade so I got
these five players here if you guys
think I should trade them in let me know
but now we are heading back to division
ten and prove hope we can actually win a
game today
last time was embarrassing please please
he has a good team no chemistry though
that is the big thing you know what my
team's actually rated better than this
belief Simon I believe in Harry ah come
on hunting come on come on if a hunter
gets a hat-trick remember we get to open
a pack no one's as injured guys what do
I do
and this is actually injured yesterday
come on wait why is hunter down as a
striker there I'm gonna make this guy
pay so badly come on where's the run
there's the run and then turns it oh but
oh I had to take a little secondary
Latin book just you know just to make
sure that I went in don't tell me don't
tell me that was to Liska
that would have been hunter if he was
still on come on now come on come on out
I'm just gonna call him el because I
don't know how to actually say his name
no that's not the trick I meant to do
okay it corner cuz I can't say his name
right I'm not gonna even bother trying
anymore
get everyone pauses man I'm stuck why
are ye balls come on please please
breath just doesn't you have to send him
off you better freaking send him off
because I was completely thrown red red
red red red red red red red
I will go for passing up the pathway
where you run it God by it ah ah how was
he pulled out off hang on a second
Lukaku
where do you think you're goin maytee
maytee maytee what's the challenge Patos
throw again come on come on come on come
on come on and you just you didn't
triple that I literally press triples
I've got Bruno Bruno one more one more
one more one more
El Shaarawy ah oh my god I can I can I
can run round this guy so easily it's
just this final little bit other there
is there is there it is there is I don't
even have a hunter I might just do it if
I get hat-trick with two Latino
does that count I swapped out its
hundreds Eliska does that count
alright halftime three nil up I think
we've won our first game yeah I think
we've definitely won our first game go
on Troy you know what it's drawing doing
me that was such a like he like trap the
ball and then kicked it hang on hang on
hang on is that to liscus a trick I
think it is I can't I can't do that
there we go one more win and we are
promoted our bollocks he's got guys I
have searched through 58 59 60 pages and
there isn't a single foot injury that I
can afford I won't even let me get
points to open a pack now we're in a
problem though because I need to take a
plateau and El Shaarawy okay this team
barely makes sense but this is the team
I'm gonna be using everyone except Dini
has a little link oh god how am I gonna
win please please please don't have
chemistry you'll have a terrible team
how am I gonna win well there we go you
know what they say nope me neither I
don't know what phrase could possibly
save me here no he's just held me off
he's helped me off Wilson's at night
least there we go there's his first goal
guys I'm in trouble right here we go
here you go here we go alright ready
ready you know what no coming at me that
was what the foot was that not again not
again not again he's so fast
here's so his mother mother oh my days
his attack is so fast I can't deal with
it this is our chance this is our chance
here here we go here we go go 3v3 we
turn in he knows I'm turning he does no
turn it back out but you say it make
good save good save
okay good good good good go on why does
it never go in that's what she said we
have a 3 V to the 3b to make the run
make the run make the run go up lamb it
that was freaking awful to me you know
what I can definitely get a point here
100% 100% oh my God look at this place
look at this all know he's gonna have to
push it across it how do they go to that
guy look I can get to here and then what
I do from here but positive girls and my
god school why can't let's go there we
go there we go no no no no no I don't
know where I'm going rest can i my free
kick please oh my god oh my god bring it
across your left foot with it please
please bang why can't anyone free
kicking a ball there's a hard time and
how the hell am I not winning this I
could win this guy I could win this I
don't want to go for a point I want to
win ah come on come on son
that's how we freakin dude that's how we
do I told you guys I'm not going for a
point I am going for full-out win on my
days on my days all my days all my tapes
forward don't tell me that was TV do not
like it wasn't evening dinner you're
forgiven for now I'm only forgiving that
guy because I don't know who he is
oh no look at his pace look at the pace
and there's the goal cuz he has just
because he has pace up front people did
say to get gray as well but again he
wasn't under a thousand coins guys I may
have to start going attacking you know I
may I may have to I may have to pull it
out the bag where we go look where do we
go where do we got to thank you come on
this is this guy doesn't know how to
defend but blow I'm like all right we're
rolling there we're rolling it like such
and boom bang there we go this is it
guys final shots for him
final chance good swim run to the hills
the hills have eyes come on what no give
me a shot give me a chance please flip
got point we got I said at the start I
wanted to point definitely should've won
that low next episode we just need to
win in the drawer and then we win the
title so hopefully next episode we'll
have two packs at the end as for this
episode let me know what I need to buy
whether it's a healing card for hunter
whether I need to buy a new player
whether I need to trade in certain
players let me know in the comments top
comment woman I choose they can't watch
it
push
he needs a mother
subtle
