yo bit of a random one today I am going
to be doing a vlog improving my setup
hence the title once you clearly saw
everyone always ask me what's your setup
like do a setup towing cetera et cetera
and the reason I haven't done one is
because it's just not finished yet I
mean if it's almost done it's almost
done it looks really nice so today I'm
saying up probably the final part of my
setup which is this a bad boy the HTC
vive which you may have seen that's not
actually it boy that's literally just
the case the rest of it sir over there
that's it there yeah and that's why
washing come anyways you may have seen
Vic use it Victor's a lot of it on his
channel I'm gonna start doing a lot of
it on my second channel I'll link in the
description and basically I'm useless at
building stuff and putting things
together so I thought I'd blog it I got
two of these tripods here I don't really
know what so yeah we're gonna just see
how that goes and hopefully you enjoy
the video if you do let me know because
I can always do more like this but I'm
never sure if you guys enjoy this so let
me know okay it's a second tripod that
looks like that one there so you see
this little bastard here this doesn't
freak that honestly hit the ceiling and
now hits somewhere down here I don't
even know anyway I'm not going to give
you a full setup tour right now but it's
a quick light glance yeah that's that's
it so we got the gaming and you know the
gaming side this side you know even the
PC you you know how the hell do I do
this for a living anyway we're gonna
have to put one here and then one over
there now we've got these little brick
things here that are the sensors by the
way before I in for that I bought this
the other day and it is freaking the
nicest thing ever and to prove that JJ
actually came in here and middle s did
it well I'm never putting my face near
it again but anyway yeah JJ came in here
James just started humping it which was
really odd to censor one censored to
censor three is you know he got censored
I was a horrible joke I'm sorry oh okay
this is honestly what look at this this
is all instructions what like what am I
gonna do with this download HTC vive
calm okay
by the way it is actually what time is
it it is quarter to two right now in the
morning and that is now downloading this
okay wait no wait it's it's as I
presumed I have to wait for something to
install and while I do I wanted to show
you guys some of the cool stuff that has
been sent our way first of its own
Instagram I got this the other day which
is a from Cokie sports so there was a
copy of FIFA just here there is a little
app personalized mini men so you see
that you know and then a nice little
coke controller and a pirate muscle
again any answer yeah then we move up
the bad boy Nike a boots okay but there
they are colorful as hell I don't have
to stop playing foot with me so we also
got a Playstation thing which yeah
pretty hard to open one-handed copy or
FIFA and a copy of Pez
so yeah now I am just waiting until
that's done so yeah Netflix this is all
I do
okay so now is finally done it and I
need to just plug these in and it should
be done at this moment evening he's
fucked up don't do this to me don't do
not give me American wires
oh there was just casually you know
stealing the wires from a different one
from someone else's who unfortunately
will now be getting a u.s. one I'm sorry
whoever gets that when I lifted up this
box right and lift it up it was actually
over here boom see that it's always like
a friggin zoo in here we're literally
out of bird I had a mouse know it now
spiders anyways operation steal other
people's wires has been successful
okay so this is where I actually start
getting interesting now pretty much
everything that could go wrong is going
wrong I had to change the entire wiring
for my screens this is now plugged in
I'm about to be the final thing that
just has that billion noise so I know it
is working but if I plug this in wait
for it yeah that yeah oh yeah right okay
it's almost done it's installing things
hopefully not bad things but that okay
that's done that's done find your
controllers is the controllers
oh no I may have to go steal the rest of
the stuff so you can't see behind me
right now but that is gonna light up in
three two one and it should turn off -
any second so glittery look this is the
controller here on again I think this
could potentially be it controllers both
on next
I am the virtual reality assistance and
education Corps I shall be your guide
for the next few minutes to show you how
everything works now the things lying to
me I'm turning this off we've got a
problem that it's not coming up here I
may have to get some help and thanks to
the help of Josh it now hahaha you blow
me to go look okay yeah actually
actually look this so this is this is
the shotty birthday so look this is him
he is now yeah wait I mean he's no Tiger
Woods go on no no you went back okay so
that is completely done and I thought
you know that's gonna be it no we're
deciding we're gonna put another one
downstairs so the next one is gonna be
just here we're gonna put another one so
that we can put online when we playing
virtual mini-golf all I
we've hit a problem there is no insect
so we yeah maybe the other night that's
5 a.m. maybe the time to cool it oh yeah
still got this left here by the way
that's maverick wolves or did it collab
with them in here on their channel okay
so this mess is the result of getting it
done but that's not done so I just need
to clear this wire section here maybe
tidy up some of that wiring and wires
over there but I do believe that the
setup is is done I don't know what else
I can really do to improve this if
there's anything you want to see in the
setup let me know because you know I'll
do that before I do the setup door so
that makes more sense I think that's
gonna be all for today is 5 a.m. I am
pretty knackered but if you guys have
enjoyed this vlog let me know I'm sorry
I wasn't really interesting cuz
obviously something you don't really
care about like a virtual reality
headset whether some of you may have
liked it so yeah that's that was my name
so thank you guys for watching let's
hope the virtual reality ends up being a
lot of fun and please
