so guys what's going on it is pretty
obvious what you guys want you want me
to open these packs as this is exactly
what you think it is we are going to be
opening all of them right now let's just
start with the rubbish ones get these
ones out of the way I say rubbish but
realistically I might use the 83 to 84
rated play a week yeah Julio Cesare
great brilliant yay I mean they're
better than my team I shouldn't be
complaining should i they're still
better than any player I have right now
we get Barocci okay now the best lone
player 87 plus we get Griezmann okay I
mean it could have been a better it
could have been a lot better now we got
these rubbish packs are okay that
actually worked kind of dull so pretty
bad yeah well I go oh we got rare oh
yeah this is all Reb this is all players
one where we get the total look-alike
but now it's month there are a couple
things that will be changing in this
series firstly you guys said if Alex
hunter gets a hat-trick I get to open
another pack also the players I get
impacts I will not be able to sell them
but I will be able to use them in squad
building challenges
all right back to the all players pack
here we go one more red one one more
rare gold player we get was oh it's
gonna be a silver rare oh my god is a
bronze rare final all players pack we
get a gold rare we get
why why like why here we go final pack
Lonette legend pack we get the mighty
amazing buyer
by a looks freakin angry to me let's see
what improvements we can do now oh there
we go leave the team now yes I could
probably make quite a few adjustments to
this but I want you guys to let me know
what I should do top comment will be the
one I choose so be sure to like each
other's comments now the vision Ted 2
games today you could get promoted today
who knows although everyone will be
tired after this game that is a slight
problem bring it on baby
yeah okay hunting we will go I mean Alex
Huntley there's nothing let's go let's
go lads where do we go give it to Alex
hunter first touch
what does thought was that Alex Wow he
literally just walked towards goal you
know what I'm just putting him into a
full sense of security so you look look
at this look now we're in now we're in
now when Alan then red how is that not a
blend if he's not giving me a pen for
that then we're gonna have to just try
and destroy him Alex you're having a
shocker his team is just good isn't it
his team is just very good his team is
just ah my hand hurts so much come on
Pato Pato Pato please
oh yes battle the new boy okay now we
got a game oh my days god play min Pat
so again Pat so we'll just say the touch
of a thing maybe I don't know I don't
know obviously doctors he took centers
but two girls so batter one is Dave you
what are you doing there pal Oh for
fuck's sake serious yes good one
honestly my thumb is never normally this
red okay we actually have a good shot so
we have a good shot Pat them again good
good but Bob then something shoot
someone
use your legs oh no no no no get a good
wide get wide yes great tackle come on
lads we can do this all right else you
re you re look at him I'll take a corner
now just whip up all in and it it oh
okay we have Kitsilano I remember him
from the last episode has he done well
he hasn't done well he's eight
all right run but that's about it oh I'm
honestly scared I'm actually scared this
is bad this is very bad God how has he
got through that no keep skipping this
is bad this is very very bad this is
very bad this is so bad sing hallelujah
hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah how am
I still out what the hell is going on
come on oh my players are tired he's got
to make a sub for an injury okay we made
it to half time somehow
too old apparently I haven't even had
two shots on-target come on lads we can
win this this is only the mission ten
after all oh here we go
hunters on a run he's just been held off
come on hunter not enjoying this
pressure not enjoying this at all
glitter oh ho ho there we go
finis what the are you serious you are a
professional footballer and you're doing
that why does he even have a card
honestly guys I am struggling here I'm
really struggling he's quite easy he's
not bad but my team does not help
oh no that's a bad tackle what's a very
much ugliest termite he's gonna come
back again don't give up when he
literally crawl he crawled on the floor
and it wasn't a pen somehow here we go
this is what we want this is what we
want this is what we want you just go
ahead my own team get in my way more
than his team to get the ball get the
ball come on bust bust him possum one
more one more
what was that you just so long oh my God
he's through he's through he's through
he's through great greater with it no no
outside outside they missed anyway
that's fine we actually drew it we join
the game already
we're in division ten how did I only
have one shot on target I am saving
Griezmann okay Griezmann that will be
used at some point please please oh no
everyone gets that loan legend player
than he is ah
we need a win today we need to win at
least one game
Oh play min and okay we need Pat Oh up
front you know what guys I honestly
thought this is division 10 I thought
this is a given that I've won every game
changing my mind
far side far side far side okay that's
not even where I meant it but it won't
even better sure are you sure are me I
can't even say his name while I choose a
flair that I can't say his name oh no oh
no written you are Frick whoever you are
you i prick puss you know what bang
there's a gap there was a small gap a
little thigh gap here we go come on
whack a ball in into the thigh gap and
oh there's halftime and I honestly don't
know how I can win this game donor for
us yeah oh oh oh yeah I should believe
in myself a little bit more come back
stop crossing all my days
what my team where's my team well in my
team go went my defense just disappeared
oh no oh no oh oh no no keeps please
thank you thank you thank you can't
dropped two of those what the Frick was
that that was the worst where's the
chase
that's the chase hello and therefore
this oh oh haha
who's this bang then wait then we got
the pen we got the pen oh I'm honestly
nervous this is hunter oh come on okay
all right and there it is there it is
it's still winning we're actually making
some progress right now
chirac okay know when that when that
please nice bad bad bad bad very bad
Oh piss off piss off keeps keeps please
keeps Holy's fluffed it he's absolutely
fluffed it okay I don't know what we're
gonna do here but we're putting it
across it there's a great Bowl that was
a fantastic fall pleased with that
you left it so long come on we have five
minutes left and he is really gonna
start putting the pressure on no no no
no oh no oh oh what ref ref ref I've
been fucked
I've been royal it literally this is me
right here bang well not that what I was
you know not to start you know I've been
fisted that's what I'm trying to get
across it that's it done but it's that
you actually just lost although but the
stats suggest you know an an Alan I
ignore something right so now we have
only got four points in Division ten
that we have 1400 coins you guys know
what I said I said about the squad
building challenges I also said what
team I should use let me know if there's
anything you want me to do let me know
top corner gonna choose to shuttle items
Thomas a you guys watch an ad oops
you
