there it is for actually really good
thank you thank you show me that back to
Division two that is a disgusting sight
to see I guess it is time to hand us in
that is right we are back for another
series on Ultimate Team another road to
glory but what are we doing this time
you couldn't tell by that weird intro
whatever I don't I don't know what that
was Alex hunter if you haven't seen the
journey yet basically you play as Alex
hunter through a season and at the end
of it you get this so thanks to Bateson
thanks to nepenthez thanks to Marshall
89 links in the description we are able
to do another series this is it so we
are going a clubber name I don't know
what we want to call this hunting we
will go that is the name of it it's only
right to call it that the song that is
being played right now is hunting we
will go by Kano and yet this is what we
have to start with I don't know whether
to open these or not it's up to you guys
I'm not gonna open them this episode I
don't know whether you'll consider it
cheating so P 4:17 charging a record and
you can get such like as a massage in
epic comic this time I'm gonna add in
the fact that if we get promoted we get
to open a pack because we win the
division we get to open two packs if we
get relegated however we will have to
remove someone from the squad again it
is all in your hands you are liking each
other's comments and the top comment
will be the one I do as long as I can do
it so this is it this is it this is this
is the moment we find out our team will
let shirt I'm happy I have someone else
now look at that final place who is
gonna go there who is gonna fill the
final spot holding it of course it has
to be I have the watch this all again
come on here it is show me the there it
is that yes that is right I chose
Watford okay stop judging me no leads in
the Premiership I had to go with what
four things to know here right is that
he is the cam I did not go for a striker
because I wanted him to be as involved
as possible we have three all players
backs two gold packs a lone legend Pike
and then these low
it is completely up to you whether I use
them you don't normally go fully
empty-handed into this so we get who do
we get body okay we get a goalkeeper and
a defender we've opened one gold pack
that is the team we have it's up to you
what I opened and what I buy
we do have zero coins we are starting
from scratch this is it here we go
online season division ten let's go
let's get into our first game let's see
the first so my days we're already
playing against the pretty much all goal
team okay maybe I may have to get a
couple you know packs out the way we've
got this guys come on guys I've made a
horrible mistake I've made a horrible
horrible mistake
come on here we go there we go is that
that's a hunter is that good positive
girls what's up what's the score let's
go John boom boom boom boom boom nine
minutes is all it took for the boy Alex
hunter to get his first goal come on
Kitsilano I don't know who any of my
players are but I feel like kiss Alana's
gonna be a key part look at this look at
him Kitsilano just go for it dole bug
Dahlberg shots on-target all my days
were through we're through I'm sorry I'm
sorry
Kitsilano he's the boy max grader was
the boy last year this year if Kitsilano
and yes I know I'm a sweaty prick that's
why I have my freaking towel over here
please have some pace have some pace
please you're in oh so close if I can
make it three nil the game is over and
it's course hello Alexander Oh what's up
what yes yes yes come on what a horrible
horrible you don't wanna need this I
need that I need this I'm sweating this
is half an hour into our first game and
we are already winning three nil please
hunter come on man you have an app or
game on sir you're on
oh dear verge a great challenge come on
come on come on come on come on I don't
wanna let Golan go off our side I've
seen you I see
look at that ball that's actually
phenomenal that's a phenomenal ball come
on mate finis Oh
is on its own firm it's on my debt Wow
Wow
this game is already over that's the
ridiculous part this game is already
over
I'm just ruining him Kitsilano you know
Kitsilano look at look at it five nail
came down I don't know if I can put
bullying on the internet it's a
ridiculous maybe I don't need open packs
for Hunter hunter you're on mate hunter
you're on great game hunter we're
through again I'm just I'm just you know
what I want hunter to get as many goals
as possible for me you know what queue
they're just montage music
whoo I mean her games done sweating
myself but it's done but error it is the
first game is done we need two more wins
to get promoted three more wins and
we've won the title so you also do get
manager tasks which you get a reward for
each one so if you want me to redeem
these let me know in the comments down
below I am going to end it there I'm
sorry this is only one game but I wanted
to get this series started I'm excited
that cuz this is like I love doing these
series so now leave a like if you're
looking forward to the series thank you
guys for watching and
Oh
Lemna ready for the kid they just want
to chill another baby with a kid
