yo guys what's going on I'm here today
with Chris MD going basically we had a
couple of ideas lined up but due to
certain circumstances fuck does it mean
we haven't been able to do them so this
is a highlight of today things have gone
wrong basically so finish that finish
the book that one that goes shoot
because it's Alicia see this is gonna
take you what happen alright all time
getting gold exams if you have seen a
no-look crossbar cuz I happen I've never
been looking at it haha Simon don't blow
the video please I beg this is what you
do all the time by the way yeah I know
I'm gonna put it just there but I'm
gonna be looking at you oh yeah I mean
goalkeeper suicide is a good way to
squash
you're in it I mean they are so good
literally 100 second attempt go an
orange fool
the danger signs it's gonna happen cuz
the job changes to any nearby in his own
life now those depart yeah
my god was wrong
that's that's good alright so you did a
little bit you know your Carling
technique Seyfert Nene own uncle called
it you worried I said is over well I
mean if we were trying
more like this you know and you in the
ball one the ball just comes to you no
you're not
man now it looks like we're one oh you
want to go you want to go mate ha ha ha
ha ha mr. ball from Sodom okay that's
why when I use this ball this weapon
just grab my arm got my jacket up this
one my granite jacket oh oh yes the
something you gotta learn to do right
this is your coaching for penalties
see this little area there yeah around
the goalie yeah so you don't want to
yeah okay yeah go for it any other tips
don't miss what did I just say you know
what could I just slow different crews
right well what's over yeah top ends
quite wiping when there's like weavings
if there we come out over you wouldn't
listen to him with my granite jacket
that's the one
you
