yo guys what's going on and welcome to
the brand-new series of route to glory
thank you very much Tobey is this series
but I'm gonna take ten attempts at a
certain challenge for every successful
attempt I get to open a pack this week
because it's only just started we're in
division ten we are doing bronze packs
so it doesn't really mean much but you
know the team is pretty awful it looks
like this obviously we have hull it
that's why I'm wearing this I'm in Titan
as well the first challenge I thought
you know for the most basic so we're
going for it kind of issues out I have
ten attempts every goal is a pack as I
said and in goal we have the Magnificent
you wizzy
and here we go penalty number one yeah
oh my gosh you need to get the hair and
the thousand likes not buying a mustache
I think you to lose back to that one
yeah
they are nice girls club right
we got five packs five out of ten it's
not great you very much everyone check
out you in the description let's go
let's play two games thank you for that
pass Simon now guys welcome to the first
episode well you've already been
welcomed with the football but this is
the first FIFA episode I know I did the
other part but this is the real first
episode you know that was the the read
prelims I guess we have a hole it's in
our squad now the top comment and all of
the comments will basically play him at
camp so before we spent all our money we
did get this cam modifier so fill its
account meaning 91 CEM this is a solid
team we need a right back that's
probably English or in the English
league at least but thanks to my
football abilities also thank you to
Hugh I mean I probably should have
scored more realistically we get five
packs this is division ten so there are
only normal bronze packs division nine
division eight division seven Division
six division five and then you know
whatever's about hello waivers about we
use on from there like Division four
hopefully you guys don't mind the
Chelsea shirt as I said I am gonna get
her lit printed on the back so it will
be the first of the probably three shirt
that I get throughout the series can't
even do this this is the floor this is a
floor plan this this was really really
flawed okay don't ask ow basically I
have one gold pack just you know get the
coins on this so now we can open our
five bronze packs these are the players
where you can use pack number one all
we're looking for is some English player
and English right back is what we need
the most
they forget any Silver's obviously
that's thick that's okay not great I
don't think hmm not not good at all
we'll keep the contracts just in case
pack number 2 here we go come on give us
an English right back
no no not even a rare what's said about
Callen Callen McFadden well we're not
gonna use any of them so we're gonna
quick sell everything we're gonna take
the hundred coins and give me at least a
read know you've got a ram and skip it
these packs are so pointless you know
we're even gonna get read No Wow send it
back and a striker we might actually
have to use them because I don't know
how many contracts will have to be get
rare we don't
this is ridiculous now right yeah yeah
we actually have to take the goalkeeper
because so close okay so eight hundred
coins is what we have I think this is
our team I mean he might fit in here
better he's one better I guess
he links there all right we got a new
English Center back as well there we go
you know what guys this is the team this
is the team were working with we're
sticking with it online season this is
the big moment once we start this
it's the season the series has died I
know it's technically started already
but this is it we need three wins or
four wins to the title so we killed it
we can potentially get promoted in two
episodes which means we're only getting
the bronze packs for two episodes that's
fine but going boys if her lip doesn't
score this game won't be so disappointed
Oh at least Charlie Austin or Jay Manuel
Thomas you know if I don't score I'm
gonna be disappointed see the one thing
about this series now is the fat always
got guests
the issue with this is I made an issue
the the sad thing is now a goal doesn't
mean a pack in this series that's a key
thing to remember it doesn't mean that
the football challenges dictate how many
packs like yet and then you guys dictate
how we use our coins oh my really I mean
at least there's some bronze in his
defense but come on the series is going
let's do this
you know what bang we get up first Oh
charlie us that we're winning division
10 is gonna be a piece of piss Charlie
Austin it would have thought hurl it
would score without Hilary even touching
the ball he still hasn't touched the
ball really hello I'm getting late go
play again
turns out plays it out bullets Earl it's
the man well it's the man he's posted he
was there one more furnace how Crossen
Bank
what is that for if that was a cross
that wasn't even a pass guys
oh hello with the poise with the foot or
finesse get out my way will it get the
gold this series that man like earlier
as I said guys leave the
and I will try and find a wig on try if
I don't find one obviously I can't wear
it if an opponent quits before the 60th
minute I will play another game oh oh oh
oh no that's a girl
die you fell underneath the ball oh no
it can all change now this series might
not be so great I don't get how I can
all just switch that look he's not good
he's not he's really not good pass it
forward turn out finesse there Daniel
that's a goal that's how easy is J a
manual Thomas Charlie Austin rudl it all
got goals today one side yeah you didn't
expect that did you
far side you know what pull it mate you
meant no go-go-gadget extend a leg what
thou know'st what turns all of them that
was the most beautiful turn ever
everyone just kept running down boys
solid solid half solid first half ever
this is this shirt actually annoying me
like look at the sleeves no can I do
this look at that I'm a box no look at
his defense go on look look at that
that's all you gotta do and then finesse
oh I told you double digits maybe if I
make it that you might quit the ball the
ball oh look
finish it don't let come on use your
head to just get in front of people hell
it turns in boom there's another goal 6
1 ok if he quits in the next minute
this game doesn't count he's quitting
he's actually quit he's actually he's
ice and quitting I just I said 60th
minute this game doesn't count when I
say doesn't count guys I mean it counts
oh wait no he's not when I say it
doesn't count I mean it counts as like
half a game so - quits do you make a
game assists come on that's a pen yes it
wasn't the pen that was a good tackle
but it is getting stat done boom that's
the ball that's the goal Oh under is
keeper that's how we do penalties are
broken in this game this is getting too
ridiculous there are 8-1 I am a get
double digits oh no what did I do that
oh my god he actually finished it I
don't know why I went for an assist
there I went for a little like lby thank
you go on Cindy keep wraps and key
Brodie oh thank you beautiful finish
however the little lobe I'm pressing
directions to to run a mistake
but that is literally I didn't actually
move this is actually cyberbullying
thank you thank you the game ten out of
ten for our front three five goals a
hat-trick a beautiful this is the issue
though some of one of them probably is
gonna have to come off now alright
that's how we're gonna do this we've
taken off Delft we've taken off a rather
centimeter I don't know their name we're
taking off Jay Manuel Thomas and I left
the right back
no just I left back I mean we might as
well take him off as well to be fair oh
we got some daily objectives what's that
twice the finet scored twice to finish
shots today okay
what do we get hey I'm coins banged it
okay and we also get that what do we get
for this 250 points a new player debut
okay we stack in a 183 plus lone player
why do we get that okay
I mean sure billboard player obviously
is 83 we get Carrasco he ain't gonna fit
in the team assault he's solid but he's
not gonna fit in the team in any way at
the end of every episode I will put a
fitness card on holy he will have to
play the two games though without the
fitness card so right now he's on
ninety-one fitness obviously he has to
play every game so you know I will have
to get them for him I have already I've
you know I've got some extra coins for
that so they won't come out of the
normal coins he's got he's got a lot of
bronzes he's got Voldemort himself three
strikers instead of the forward 66 chem
we can we can do this as key part is
gonna be bad but a Bama yang Oh God Game
two we're underway let's do this let's
go team
there we go I've not oh no oh my players
touches us so bad I need to get out of
the mindset of the the last guy you know
what pull it he has a shite goalkeeper
see this is real division 10 this is why
I don't want to do like a gold pack
because I want to be able to play gut
what's ahead I want to be put on people
like this who was that was that Austin
or is that our first goal that isn't in
the top three could play want to and
then for this boom his keeper is
terrible that's how sassy I am the
collapse are out it's hella it's it's
it's deflected in that's new is that who
let's go where's that a known goal that
was the most ridiculous finish ever okay
now he's coming in short we're going in
there and boom good effort
that's a shot on target lose the stats
lose the stats oh no no I mean I have to
hate her worst comes to worst I do have
to hearing goal we turn through the
middle but if we had got another
deflected goal I think I would have quit
for him turned
lazy Manny's off Saturday no he's yeah
he's good as well that turn in final
charts at the half it's Oh No who let
you mess why have you done that
I didn't realize his bring this keeper
all that far I knew he'd bring his
keeper out but not like that but I mean
look at this this is more of a
destruction in the last game and I got
double digits and this is where he
starts going ultra attacking as well and
it just it all falls down because bang
that's that's by 55 rated striker that's
how we do that's my boy and boom go that
was easiest corner the series is back
I'm looking I'm looking good at FIFA
this year I mean not amazing but wow wow
wow her lip I say that and then I hit
the post but we're playing some nice
football like that I think we could do
right this year I'm not saying we're
gonna win Division one look look at this
play look I'm getting her lit goals by
the way I know I know I'm playing scummy
it's six Neil but I'm getting her lit go
it's boss's likes to admit I don't care
be quick I don't really want to play
three games for episode I like having
two games per episode all over the top
far side as you touch beautiful touch
and beautiful passing that was a triple
top all the way some reason crosses a
week oh he's done well big tackle
that's a pen it was outside the area
layer on the line just for bats
great safe great set we don't want to
let him have a go by this guy's my new
guy Vernon this is the guy Burnham
Burnham get him look at him he's on a
mission referees just wanna put away
yeah I kind of want to give it to Vernon
do you expect to you down the middle oh
you beauty we're not gonna turn stop the
stompin calm down that is it nine mill
and 11 1 both of them got 10 out attends
again although Charlie Austin is gonna
have to come off next game and look at
that we've got 6 points out that what
are the possible 6 next episode
hopefully we get promoted we have 3000
coins we get a to players but ok oh ok
this could be big this could be very big
we get a rare Gold team we can sell it
my guess alright so this is the team
we're looking out for the start of next
episode obviously
Jagielka is kind of tired he's on ninety
fitness so this guy's so they're gonna
have to play you'll play this game
Chucky all who play the next you guys
need to let me know what to do was like
three and a half thousand coins whether
you want to get like one good player or
you want to
save up and just get someone sick
straight away kind of thing or you want
it we need a goalkeeper three more games
and to haze out I'm just saying
well that's all for today we're done
that is episode one route to glory I
guess thank you guys for watching leave
a like if you are enjoying this series
obviously this first episode if you if
you're happy its back leave a like let
me know in the comments down below who
we are buying also let me know what
challenge you want me to do as the
starting challenge so just leave like a
list everyone just leave this and I'll
work through them all thank ice watching
I'm happy to be back and please
