welcome to p4 17 we are doing our first
drop yes I know I did one in my live
stream the other day but this is the
first real one I am determined you know
what we'll go for the four three three
which I was getting messy over now
though which I don't I get awful players
crit Sanchez
striker time we get this it what is
going on I'm gonna go with Perez purely
because I feel like Spanish might work
better just because I send a mid you
know maybe like a nice bucket some old
people up there we can take a sh Y
neatly a little teeny this one is the
Iniesta this is the what da fuck is
going on know what screw it Suarez what
the fuck right Villard oh I want to use
it I just want I want to use it I know
it's not gonna make any sense but I want
to use it oh yeah another inform we're
gonna take him I know this is this is a
very very stupid draft that I'm doing
right now but I really want to try
certain cards and I have heard that you
Chris Smalling are one of the best cards
in the game now give me someone that is
actually good
we need looks decent or take care my
guess this is not going well at all
screw it Debussy I need a Spanish league
goal keep up right now or okay what I
don't realistically I need I need a ppl
goalkeeper but I kind of want to use
Felipe Louise damnit make a bit with
making it to my team so we need to get
rid of this so damn it on the right and
the right winger and the left back this
is a horrible job so far
I actually apologize it's just getting
worse what incur we're gonna have to
take you damage sorry Philippe Luis at
least we have a hundred chem you know
what we'll take a Senecas all I know
robinus tea
then we take a Santi we can swap out
that Center knit like genius ready Ambo
no red lines come on I need a good
strike up give me a good stroke whoa
there we go oh why do you do this to me
do you want want to run out or a bail do
I whatever now to Oribe over now to a
bail for now to a bear over now doorbell
now do anything
we'll take that right-winger off
straightaway Oh legend or messy legend
or messy because messy could be sick and
we get a renowned or messy then we take
a legend then we're gonna get rid of
belly
yes scrip scrip Gump we're going out I
like it I'll feel pretty good I'm
feeling pretty damn good okay it's all
lawful as can be
yeah still need a good striker I don't
know what to do about this striker
situation you know what we can we can
make something out of this now I am NOT
happy with that strike force because I
could have had Messi remember that
remember that moment where we saw messy
and it just it was right there but now
we took this ugly mug there's a premier
league manager we're gonna go with him
look at that one 84 that's what you know
what that's the new one that's the one
94 of FIFA 16 not but it's decent all
right time to go into a game come on de
bruyne legend on Leo Ferdinand is
English Don a wired as an accent Rio
Ferdinand and Ronaldo that is mighty
bring it fuzzy bulls
show me your fuzzy balls that yeah
legends yeah Messi cool ok now give me
the ball so I can make this up give give
me give give me the ball give me the
bear we go ok Ronaldo you're on is it me
or is this like a very very red pitch
let me see if I can fix that
ah look at this first attack but first
attack first attack oh-de-boy but us oh
all right this is it this is the moment
keep going keep going keep going
playing rest how many times this guy
wanna fight really there really we went
we were 4 that we went for that guy you
know what I want to put a bet on this
right now care I will bet you all the
money in my wallet how much is that okay
well we have 25 euros
twenty dollars five guernsey pounds okay
I'm putting that on he will get a red
card look at the way he jumps in look
look at that look there's no way that he
is not gonna get a red card Oh beauty
beauty whoa that was amazing
get there okay I thought how am I still
how have I not scored what what is going
on in this game look at the plate red
Deseret there's the red that's it that's
the red give him a red send him off bang
give me my money double my money double
this right now you owe me 40 wnb $20 25
euros and 500 pounds I'm freaking
balling I'm balling in all nations here
we go here
we go this is this this guy is
ridiculous
oh wait that's a second hello I didn't
even realize he has nine men all right
no more stupidness Santi just put it
away just okay free kicks are harder
this year playing through please can I
score one please please there you go
there's one there's one nail he's gonna
quit now
Double or Nothing Double or Nothing they
equipped as well how much is that now
how much is that as a total it's a
little total here $40 50 euros and ten
guthrie pounds I didn't even know
guernsey pounds were a thing seeing you
through oh-de-boy then form double O
quit man just quit
oh I'm dancing I'm dancing I'm having a
little boogie off time solid hop I'm
gonna make him quit I want my double or
nothing this is honestly embarrassing up
there we go
wait I wasn't even looking celebrate
against it well there we go first round
done let's go straight into round 2 I
let's see what we're facing okay we go
okay okay okay he does have a messy
animal elbow come on there mate give us
what you got run such as run use your
pace use it back good it's the lip boom
there it is wait for it wait for it
yep yep yep never did you think you
would see a German man dad wait big
cross and boom oh you know what you know
what that's the last time that's the
last day yeah I'm a prick and I love it
this is some nice play nice play and
there's no one in there see that you see
that ball you see that ball you see that
alley he's sitting off the line I should
be through Anila destruction again just
keep it calm Simon keep it calm oh
bugger oh bugger no Chris Chris you're
Chris Smalling man he's just
the Beast no you need to stop this wing
playmate stop the wing play Chris
Smalling as you all day erry day oh no
this is it this is the moment there's
the moment or is it Chris Chris maulings
there again and again Oh Chris Smalling
he's our Mazda you cannot stop him
bullshit he's got an outer and a messy
Denis big tackle Chris Chris Smalling is
that really you again you need to stop
you need to actually just need to stop
oh no oh no oh no he's got one he's got
one he's not mani he doesn't miss those
I dicka dicka look down down Hey look at
my down this is no no no wait wait yes
who would have thought that Chris
Smalling could have potentially have
been my downfall as well as my
up-and-coming player get rid get rid
there you go and we've done it
game done Oh Chris you scared me there a
little bit Chris where you got for me
bruh where you go oh that's a five of
the back you're gross okay guys there's
the first time in this kits make it a
memorable one oh dear oh you know what
we got the we touch the ball we'll bring
him in out of one come on come on why do
I keep passing it but it it's it's
worked well one nil oh that was so nice
all my days all my days oh that that's a
good effort okay this is the goal this
is the goal you ready for this
look then you pass it lay him off play
him in again
we're just we're being too rich good but
it over it worked
we're enough engine in so get up you
lazy shit oh we are playing some
fantastic football lame up that shit I
should have shot should have just shot
should not in the last minute of this
half the game's home but he's not going
to because I am boom okay I'm trying to
play some nice football now you're
you'll run out how is Felipe keeping up
with you come on we're gonna run in a
bit running a bit run in and then cross
and no that was almost the sickest
counter-attack that was almost like old
school man united got ah really
man I could add another chance hang on
hang on oh no hang on hang on hang on
great great challenge great tackle
Schweinsteiger versus dibala really that
that's even happening for a pace battle
okay no let's let's not do that
get that Ronaldo keep it on big run pal
caught he's gonna get one back done so H
naught is actually not I think I think I
think I've won this game guys I still
want to keep a clean sheet the game is
done okay the game is done we into a
final here we go final time what team
legend Neymar inform Felipe Lu okay you
would expect that in the final question
is can we defeat it let's find out why
is Chris Smalling here why is Chris
Smalling
I don't want this morning why is who was
that who ha ha I am a douche and I hate
myself
very dangerous free kick kick what's he
gonna do please w free kick gurus huh
take note get on the line stay here with
Carlos fail he runs up and the wall jump
Wow all that build-up for that
immaculate no one this whole thing has
taught me twine Steiger isn't very good
and I don't mean in real life before one
starts having to go at me I'm meaning in
the game twice Tiger doesn't seem that
good gone why I might want my dude why
do I keep why do I keep passing it so
much I mean I know it's working I got a
shot I don't even have renowned the one
I'm winning - Neil without Ronaldo why
do we not have renowned one we're
bringing her another one no no no no no
no no no get rid there we go okay well
that's that's the scale we need it
Ronaldo turns in for us
Oh deflection or mr. Canon solid half to
nil up in the final and deserved look at
it alright we're back
run Ronaldo run big touch you know what
it's Ronaldo we do these things we're
really our whip I thought I went in okay
this is where I said I'd get nervous
Neymar Neymar
oh I'm playing with fire okay
you're all beautiful especially you
Ronaldo what is a is that it is easy
quick have we just won don't tell me
we've just won we won the draft on our
first first real attempt moment like my
mum and my dad I want to thank dog it's
just an honor it's a real honor to be
winning the draft like this question is
what is our prize gonna be there your
prize sonic boom 25 thousand coins plus
a rare gold pack plus the jumbo yeah I'm
happy with that
yeah let's open these we got the jumbo
premium go pack 24 items we get a rare
it is not good flick come on the
transfer list the rest there the rest
can go put in the rare gold pack now all
rare but consumables we get is that
Johor now we're gonna get a ringing damn
job commercial 84 83 with all of this
fill and a draft that we literally just
got a free drop and now we will redeem
it we are done for today thank you guys
for watching I'm out of here
and please don't take em on
terrible you serious Harold he needs
some milk you want to talk like that
about our boy
you should leave leave I want him to be
a proper player get happy all right
