yo guys what's going on and welcome to a
special video I am joined today with an
even more special guest Marcus Butler
what a privilege that means special
guests had a special day
thank you special in that way yeah if
you don't already know Marcus somehow he
was on our team at the sidemen football
match he bashed it you know the assists
this is 60 basta I don't know I know
what your kind don't need a gun to get
respect upon a stranger you don't score
yeah yeah yeah Ringo climb out the top
corner you can also check out his
channel in the description the top line
we are doing two lies one truth now
we're going to take you a chance to say
two lies in the truth the other person
doesn't know which one is the truth they
have to try and deduce which one is the
truth as it goes a big word good way up
there they are allowed to ask a few
questions to try and suss out which is
the truth and which are lies so do you
want to go first
I'm gonna guess yours first you want me
to send them back yeah okay my lies and
truths will probably get a little bit
more weird as we go okay these are the
three when I was younger I was in a TV
advert okay I was teaching you like no
I'm like KFC bucket like I've only ever
achieved the splits once wooden
gymnastics as in fully splits I know I
know you're athletic I mean like you
know not like that as in fully flat on
my first kiss
I accidentally bit the girls tongue I
splits one so random I think you can spy
I know I'm going to straight and you
know I don't know how I did this issue I
know what advert was for know cuz I
haven't thought this much about my life
haha
and now I've got this through I got this
look how you said it was younger on the
TV our house yes I was about four baby
you remember things in your fall I don't
remember that but I just know I'm quiet
reroute splits so basically I was in my
back garden wearing rollerblades on a
bike as well with always got off the
bike my legs just went why is that so
specific that's so specific as throw me
off
such a specific to think on the spot as
I'm all red and on a bike at the same
time yeah between kiss and rollerblades
okay I'm going for the case is the truth
no it was the role of lips on it why why
did I not go my like inside well I
didn't buy any I'm not bite up or
anywhere but one during my time the
thing is I'm really bad at lying I'm
really usually believer I wanted to go
selfie in a toilet with Mario Balotelli
okay I walked out as a mascot with
Steven Gerrard at Anfield when I was a
kid okay
I played table tennis with j-b in LA one
time Justin Bieber I figured why wasn't
that picture on Instagram who says it
isn't I follow you on yeah you don't
know how long ago hahahahaha about two
years yeah no I don't believe this I'm a
little so stupid if it isn't industry
cat okay how old are you and you're the
mascot eight years old I'm quite nervous
keys are secret
no I knew
the investigation I'm gonna go with the
mascot that's the truth yeah Oh which
one selfie I'm in a room why is he naked
I don't know when I was younger I was in
a football match have you ever seen gold
yes I thought I would play better if I
took my ship heads out and put cardboard
in on a school trip we got stuck at an
airport and I bought everyone Burger
King bula they all started chanting
Burger King Burger King while I ate
while wearing a crown when I was very
young we had a dog when we went on walks
I felt left out so I wanted to wear a
lead as well it was the dream why the
shin pad thing does he just right at the
start of the film and in the book he
turns up as a boat there's a book yeah
did you play amazing in your game no
your ad-lib is so good I was just like
one more answer you're like oh that but
a second on Burger King yes
how long a year 11 and the third was the
dog well you before we fill this video
you like mine are really embarrassing
now the dog is pretty pretty
embarrassing but all of those are pretty
embarrassing
I think the truth mr. dog yeah
I love inside do you think I'm that way
it is the gym is Limbaugh's yeah new
baking was a lie I honestly took my shin
pads out and horrible I lost my
virginity in a friend's parents allege
room yeah I lost it I once got hard when
I went for a check-up at the doctors
yeah you
you're drawing with people with the
stuff I used to finish strangers left
over bogan meals offer a night out
you're after the first you although
usually up these to finish
Lizzy agency was it with one of your
friends perhaps
that would be a pretty cool storm Latvia
six things not was the checkup for I had
a swollen was there prostate hello what
finger up the bomb that wasn't too but
I'm thrown good as yours okay just check
oh I had a slight swollen okay and why
did you use the evils baking's or
leftovers - I was drunk back in the day
I was a little bit chubbier not so much
into my health and fitness okay is it a
regular thing off lights out yeah but
every night knowing about it was it
wasn't like a ritual like fuck it guys
maybe everyone else finished leftovers
it was like comes finish I my food so
I'd eat my bow game oh and then like
other group said liver hot but strangers
hot photogenic losing your virginity how
old you 15 and he's got being checked up
I mean that's what the truth yeah I
think Alan you go hard when you go check
you said don't tell me smoking its baby
its bone broke I was a Roman other
people BB was there Hoboken meals now
look at them ladies okay so final rounds
I have lost the tip of my little finger
I went skydiving from a million sub
special as I was jumping up playing I
actually let out a little bit of pee and
notice a little bit okay
I once auditioned for a school play and
my audition was seeing High School
Musical horses on from high school
musical it was we're breaking free ice
and girls bit I'm sorry we're flying
through the European
having finally goggle album about no Joe
at Varna I think that the skydive is
false
ah see I wonder of the most important
things which is obviously you doing the
duet and you did know the words it's a
bit weird that you everyone seen how
some women sure yeah I think is hyper
musically make a heart you think I sang
the girls bar
ah basically I really say it's that high
for you haven't I
you think I'm so big yeah I'm sticking
with those wrong isn't it is it right
that's right right yes
see I played that quite well can you say
you hurt me yeah you know I was looking
it's similar to your story okay I got so
drunk at house party yep I've wet myself
okay I once broke both my legs doing
gymnastics
okay when I say kid I went on foot which
offering that's straight out a lie stay
out like um ask me more I'm pretty
certain schools only thing it's a
district you go county district then you
have to get it okay okay let me let me
rephrase its fruit schools like system
so when your schools in the country then
choosing the best player to represent
the country on a tour around Europe what
happened after you peed yourself at the
house party I didn't really so drunk she
go home that night yeah my friends are
walking home they walked you home yet so
as a nearby hat yet so in Brighton the
Apple live quite close like oh yeah do
they ever
what broke the femur and the Teva I
think that the England one is true but
if I get this wrong you win you're right
I'm right you're right all right all
right I put in sweets up or not I should
have just been
like yeah even trying to know it's wrong
you start again let me rephrase I was
like okay I think yours is most
embarrassing the High School Musical
that is pretty embarrassing although at
the same time you went into Burger King
yeah that's more like just zero dignity
I've left your channel zero dignity in
my life it's so mad right so that is all
for two lies one truth with markers we
have also done another video on Marx's
channel which was yes a more youtuber
challenge yeah
it was a very good video that the main
thing I'm concerned about is we ended up
texts to each other's parents yeah yeah
you should definitely watch that you can
check out yourself in the top line of
the description subscribe while you're
over there
thanks for watching leave a like you
enjoyed and peace
