that's right beaver 17 is out and we are
play there we're not with to early okay
now a access I have less than seven
hours left on this game so you know what
we're gonna do today
Osmond in the own hanoks taken on
terrible you serious Harold he needs
some milk you're gonna talk like that
about our boy you should leave leave I
wanted to be a proper player yeah happy
alright penalties it is then
you played well today Garrett really
yeah thanks mr. hunter come on what are
you thinking I'd say that if you want to
comment in the comment section if you
want to meet up with me one day if you
want to make a meet up with me this time
Alex
charged with two counts of aggravated
indecent exposure he didn't want to talk
to us but his lawyer dead never thought
we'd be showing up for one of those look
for children Simona Pumbaa and why are
you just like a show basketball ads over
Abel trough fitness test I am no wonder
why your son don't need a gun to get
respect upon the street I am so proud of
you
you should be mrs. hunter especially
when it runs in the family Michael
Taylor rising stars football agency we
are absolutely the guys we nurturing
young potential and you boys you got it
coming out your ears
Wendy minutes lay down it stays in the
family hey who says romance is dead I'll
get the cogs turning my end and finalize
the paperwork when I catch I destroy you
seems you and your pal Garrett a similar
taste when it comes to men no way
journey starts in 15 minutes
I'm gonna pair you looking like a couple
of boyband rejects on my pitch you want
another one direction you need to go in
it's that way one directs one directs
one director
you
