haha I didn't go I thought it was Joe
guys will go down Oh welcome to sumo
garden penalties I'm joined today with
maverick wolves how you going people so
I'm taking on wolfy pipe NIH let's go do
it
this to the side who goes first one two
three Joe one two three Joe what do you
think show okay I want first I'm not
even gonna be able to see the ball so
this could be very interested in us for
all the manboobs out there okay wait
ma'am remember who for you are David
Beckham oh I'm just gonna go get the
ball yeah I'm going to try a score this
time wait what are you trying to do last
time
sure oh come up this is our spring now
we don't have gold line technology so
we're gonna use maverick technology go
no no go with the couple times a
smashing time to smash it Oh
Oh
each other like saving toes think of God
the assignment tactic and just smash it
yeah what is wrong with you man wait
wrong with you this to take the lead
again toy called trick shots with 360 no
serving ready yes easy that was on
target I know it is this is to get into
the lead why try something new case went
really well
Oh dizzy so penalties there we go that
was too sure what swears that top pins
oh that's a bit cold
I need a snore there I mean that's the
point of penalties but we'll ignore that
for her I'm better yeah half the score
and heads head back make statements if I
score this George has to release
illuminate
ah he ain't confident hey time to end it
oh man
they don't know where I'm good
but I think you know ah
yeah good mom this is gotta be the one
here we go got this you got this okay I
know he's shortly come on what's that
it's keeping the left foot and go to
mediation yeah got a quick swap around
Mavericks out gonna go I wanna top
Indian I'm happy
oh it was a good light last panel
yesterday yeah bring all our power it's
the breaststroke he's got our breath ah
the gray zone so that is it for sumo
garden football based on maverick wolves
we've done a video on their channel you
can check out by subscribing for them in
the description now you guys watching
and please
I copy this little no one I'm gonna make
a side
three
