day four of the tournament for this
little trophy down here and 2,000 pounds
today's opponent is the final person on
my channel Toby now we have played
already on his channel and I've played
these two already you can check out all
the channels in the description a badass
hopefully you guys know how that work
just do your team your away 100 300 fan
out his legs just wait wait just wait
just with chilled water go to chill it
could be if it's many 900 the first time
but you lent us okay now no yes because
no one has won with gamble I'm not
honestly think I might lose you know
what to expect we gamble oh there we go
look good luck very good luck uh
Mexico's just because I don't have luck
Sam Nelson no don't give many servi
unicameral doing yeah we're just plan
slow blend slow although I should I'm
just praying I'm great I'm watching
together okay that's cheeky cuz that
will that work actually Mike Simon's go
to the golden toilet you don't see a key
driver and what I'm not gonna win money
on the other way you just forget he's
playing football is why you are five
years span up cuz he tubby
Brown I was amazing banging banging have
another special shit and it's only
fuckin side bended don't then dad done
in do in quite no shot no shot no shot
Sunday League no shot tonight oh yeah I
actually know this in it is oh no buzzer
sounds no oh see the thing is as soon as
you got one I was talking yeah but I
have to school
y'all know 100 soon oh my god I'm wearin
ways that we like nice go up boys yeah
every time well it Iguchi I never good
soccer that was not good skewers oh wow
clinical man got another right side
you've been so shit every other go are
they gonna crumble
are you interested a crumble I need
biology defensive hang on yeah by Papa
park up the city you don't beat him stop
Neve O'Neill oh yeah what's going on ah
ah well done son he's gonna get gamba I
just love them there's a lot of
potential Toby hey Tobias hands oh well
he was good also the challenge combined
him long range 100 you're fuckin shit
fucking shit oh there we go
get off it's a silly hall get off a
little what I'm sorry your students
gamba stop it
you're tingled it hi second half is
underway
come on I really don't lose this yeah
out of a drawer never join this old
finger gamba ah at the menu
Oh bottoms it was close but no cigar you
really hired commitment honestly this is
good stuff in it
why is took my eye out oh why did you
Oh incredible battle okay I respect LIGO
again attacking oh my god that was aimed
at he made you if anyone after Leah that
was wavy dance hi
get out this is promising gamma a gamma
have difficulty pennies will be no no no
the code I've got a laser strikes again
play you two - this is your library okay
very okay what a 90-minute it's going to
be not wrinkly amber I can believe
already 19 minutes and feel the
heartbreak we're ready
come on oh no thanks
90 minute 3 - oh oh no oh
how how is it dad is still gone GG is
saving your little ones now I'm telling
time this is your bun - bun bun you
clean come on trapper go boys three boys
are here good um what's with it I hated
a good that is it for day four got two
more games I've got playing each of them
one more time which you can check out in
the description thank ice watch it and
peace your 9th dollars you need no
quality stuff there's no long
go go go come on Gabbar yeah because
it's fucking gamble you're playing
against what I mean that's why I've had
every time he's gone Oh God oh no wider
than that I showed up ah I dare a dead
and then my next one
