now before we get into the video I do
have another announcement the sidemen
are doing a book tour to celebrate the
launch of our new book the sidemen book
it is only three cities in England which
are Newcastle Manchester and London
you'll find out more about it in the
description below or by listening to our
podcast which is on the sidemen channel
amazingly tickets go on sale at 6 p.m.
on the 18th of September I didn't know
the date just then near the time you'll
find out the exact venue but it is
definitely in those three cities that is
all for today enjoy the video welcome
back to day three of the FIFA tournament
for this and 2012 the mainly this
today's opponent is Josh they want the
dad as we call it but anyway you know
that's what is going on right now as you
guys hopefully know by now we are
randomizing the team and as Josh is out
the away team yeah Josh goes first to
randomize okay so throughout the third
team that's 100 the Tigers fucking T we
go 1 1 and T all right we're at the
souter city football stadium good luck
Josh Josh
come on gamba this our gamma just
pointed out this is just a third game
everything's fine but you've won nine
more cops are you talking about your 9
stars you need not good idea stop let's
go long go go come on gamba yeah because
it's fucking gamble you're playing
against what you mean that's why I've
had every time he's gone Oh God oh no
wider than that
I joined ah I dare I dare anyone Xbox to
thank God no not that I know ba thank
you always
that wasn't even mounted what you're
actually weird
judge your wig yeah I'm sure sure no sir
gone up flip it cord I need something
please
even good
it's a sure look hitter oh wow again
alright now I'm down sigh hello Lala wow
this your Gambas wind headers the same
game box but you know Oh laughs thank
you for a page it not only recompense
every to this is looking for guys a
three kids well yeah different kids a
zebra I've got quite sure you're gonna
get another so yeah I don't know it
didn't end up in the back of the net
shut up and get out you know what I'm
struggling to find is it particulates
tea grass yeah but we all know finally
been given a semi shit team
oh no have you guys all know founded
last time oh no you haven't
let's take a stand up yeah we all know
as soon as you score one it's over done
they crumble like whipping explosion oh
well pick it up over there is there is
not conscious yet o Neill's no everyone
back to fine not every day back in oh no
no no no no I know everything back hills
oh shoot oh it's over now it's all good
soccer was good development over though
agents a good soccer to get your cube
crumbles now yeah Gambon a Chromebook
more than an apple caramel look my
keeper took out the wrong person oh
that's a phenomenally Higurashi gaga
he's walking on the same spot why is
this by Trevor Trevor Trevor everyday
boys good soccer good so far it is so
good so Cox inside the Nelson install
man channel your inner very Oh
most times closed okay I'm getting I'm
getting get about get a better channel
you're anything negative think positive
channel the room but where do we go from
here
let's butter that's a foul Ref come on
adore minute they are ghetto vacant in
the mind now mind renting those deep
that wasn't it doesn't birdie just give
me your bomb in those batteries much
better that's bad nice tactics its
Poisson yeah but I'm not driving ever
gambit and controller bro you're right
my batteries are back what the hell i'm
josh josh filthy tactic so you see these
tactics yeah you see this Neil how much
you care about myself in your eyes put
up rise lanky look at that look at look
at that guy's I'm destroying it these
decent I'm destroying don't have a goal
Saigon but gotten ba-ba-ba-ba
I look at Luzhniki do that we're just
just pressurizing we're a swarm swarm
nice abs I'm good at soccer
oh it's for swarm honestly you might
want to packing on bins because they
haven't thank you so glad you are
necessary I've got all the hope in the
world but like you can do yeah believes
yes don't you believe fucking getting on
ahead up
why don't understand in Toby understand
struggles you've been you know those
drug yeah thank you tell me I made you I
really hope you get them three times in
a row it deserved to get absolute right
oh yeah sure
Adam oh if I got a little touch oh this
is that's the thing with gamba they
never get the big tackle on fuckin that
good stop Oh keep them visit I'm not
there your little Spanish I don't even I
mean prick straight aggression if it's
just snap on some of their lies covers a
teacher look at me
a lot of time you can have that set over
fuck'em off with an excursion Oh No Neil
why are you turning the wrong way
okay oh my god gambit very nice good
some guy I didn't mean to do that the
way it's off the way good soccer
literally spun up
OMG oh you suck yourself come on a
secret O'Brien oh right you're look you
see the ball over that was in a slide I
mean eyes deliver slides I beg no I just
want to school I'm not as he surprised
your girl give it in Perry that yes I
just want to score or have you get what
did you get cookies jelly don't look
again what's a what end oh shoot just
shoot Oh got assignment legs in it well
group together again right I joined damn
burger yeah if you've just seen three oh
my god all down the toilet happen
give me the fucking monitor fuck you all
oh you're so fine the one-headed the one
ending with this scare tactics of wonder
did they win get oh shit they are dead
on the Chinese League man I am they can
be they've given me a record what keeps
shit Josh you know watching she does
eventually get Gaborik oh yes oh yeah
laughter Michael that is day three done
for my channel remember you can check
out all the other games on their
channels links in the description that's
about it there you guys watch it
look at the destruction this love killed
me that's bad thank you guys for
watching and please
Metapod but you know in hatch lines
better positive and it's afire I worse
than the Amish man straight poison
Eliza's dies angry angry he's angry we
make the start about how yogurt
why oh oh
