all right today is the big day I have
something arriving but I've run into a
slight issue which I'll explain when
it's here talking of things arriving
this is just arrived for me and I don't
know what it is but I assume it looks
like ken's oh my god it's more redbull
we already have a Red Bull fridge down
there I mean don't get me wrong I'm
really thankful but how do I need more
yeah and when I say more I mean more we
have three more boxes anyways I'm gonna
solve all this stuff out and sit here
and wait for the final thing to arrive
demerit okay scratch that never mind it
wasn't that day hence why I'm wearing
different clothes I've just what no is
currently like midday I know that's mate
but I'm okay I went to bed a nice exam I
have something arriving in like a minute
or two that you can probably guess by
now it is because I think I'm going to
use it in the time of thumbnail but they
can't offer to sleep right now they
don't know it's coming so yeah I'm gonna
get back I'm gonna see their reactions
and then we're gonna go get some
decorations and yeah we're gonna
decorate it it's it
oh great it felt so good when I did it
with my penis right so come to your
celebrate celebration I keep saying that
decorates there's a good lights I may go
yeah definitely as I said we need a lot
a lot of stuff so thanks to the help of
home base we haven't got enough tinsel
no no I think we did we've got 30 tinsel
I really do like these lights though
just plain lights like this style yeah I
just we'll know why that's because they
don't do any more than like 200 and we
need advice but 9000 gets over nine
thousand one thousand two hundred eighty
five pounds December CPM season boys
jeez pussy what are we listening to is
we're now that's not wanna hear when I
step in good Earth de-spawn
as I walked through the valley where I
harvest migraine I take a look at my
wife and she's very plain we have an
army next to us of biker kids jump the
guy the puffer again mmm typical huh
Papa Jackie boy this work makes you
hungry so we've stopped at Nando's we go
again to the commandos over there this
isn't even sponsored Nando's you owe me
money that's locum posting the Flanders
give me a black card man give that card
because I'm black I'm gonna clear this
up first
probably look awful Bobby yeah I know
their careers yeah we're trying
Christmas spirit right that's the count
right time cleaned up look nice and
clean
oh yeah that's the sense and I show that
now tinsel first and I feel that warbles
last I know light so since I have no
idea we had the fake snow it would then
pay Snow Fairy but you know like sister
base no no no your lights is like the
baits there because you do the lights no
because they're on the inside okay let's
let them do that start with lights I
mean we've just been from the past
someone forgot the ladder you didn't
tell me who's been together let's start
with mm we've got about 4,000 hold my
Jesus yes let's let's get started in
this
I've present garage your boy that's not
big enough it's big enough for now we
need a bigger than it seemed a decent
liner 20 minutes later
yes yes good good oh my oh when you
picked up the small one and he showed it
to me that's where you were standing
there's a lot 87 pounds
oh this trees been a pain on my life my
ladder is better though yeah yeah that's
like that's a designer ladder
the issue is we can't breach the top of
the tree my thought right as what we
have to do is one of us is gonna have to
stand either side oh my god a huge thing
like throw it across to each other we
start from the top okay let's go
it looks really good how long have you
been doing that I can do Jesus hey the
amount you need to get something hanging
from the Newport to top actually it's
only taken us about maybe seven hours
just video purposes no three Alice we'll
just leave it naked I said to put fixed
on top mechanics down and put on top
that would have been good no oh my God
look he's come up with that is actually
quite yet
we're done you skewered 12 obviously
some people are gonna be like fully you
know Christmas tree snobs and sailor
you left gaps and stuff but you know
what this is the first ever tree of
different is there's actually the first
one decorate what decorate it properly
people can say it's an easy to decorate
tree an 18 foot 19 foot tree actually no
it's not bloody hard okay
bloody tough it looks good though
alright so done we've cleaned up
everything's in position the final look
at the Christmas tree I know some of you
might know I've enjoyed the blog because
we always really make Christmas tree but
me enjoy that fun hopefully you guys
enjoyed the video now obviously I want
to show you what it looks like I've turn
the lights off I give you the
masterpiece
but a little okay that Alex do you own
white that is oh my god I'm gonna do a
panoramic well it she's that big we need
to do hanna-barbera I don't know how
people do it I don't know how they make
18-foot trees like really really nice
I know do you know what maybe if we arts
people to give us hints give us hips
extra things we can add to the tree you
know in a mean way okay don't don't tell
us like oh shit you did this wrong yeah
just give us like some point pointers be
like I don't know like maybe you should
put candy be impressed be impressed
three-breasted shit why yes I mean the
people that decorate you can't you can't
say that just finished it we're taking
this we just finished the tree bird only
niggas gonna take I'm done for today
who's worth in this a hours good job
over there thanks for watching thanks
they may come out here it's lit and
singing it
look look down here we have a polar bear
and a Santa Claus don't worry after
Christmas you can you're lucky by the
way we were trying to plan to put you up
there cuz you know big star but yeah but
uh instead side make low they don't know
