welcome to face for man Wow for man
tournament that goes yeah I'm JJ this is
a tournament where we have each put in
500 pounds amounting to 2,000 pounds and
the sidemen trophy we're going to play
each other twice which means there are
going to be games and everyone's
challenge so you can check them out in
the links below I am up against Ethan
first we are randomizing teams so the
third team you get is the team you have
to be yes are you ready
like what is going on are you ready I am
you gonna first um one two three that's
it nice a team what always good - oh
he's got me bad with that surely yeah
good now I can't get rid of em oh this
is good even unit that played pray to me
hi so here we go day one of the
tournament stop the creature - video
alright yeah doing color I let you
properly get I'm scared
I've promised Kevin are you scared it
could bite or a strong side palsy is
show me a good showing already no no no
go into a good least I'm just boots I
mean it all what Oh
Oh what's going on oh now skis a beast
on this guy surely Vishu oh good this is
good
good what was that noise I plan to
direct a plane to direct
Manheim Noah is he annoying
ha ha ha I'm sure some new boilers as
soon as we eliminate Boateng we're good
bro we eliminated we need to eliminate
those I don't know utilize this idea we
need to tell you that I took two loads
I'm alone your third roommate was that
gone Margie oh my team come back here my
G Allen cannibal Alabama sorry that's
shocked us that you're dead bro
does that annoy you ok gonna connect it
here it doesn't happen I beg that sorry
said it shit the survivors use flies
design is right what sorry you're
frightened critical here super effective
Oh games very Oh Oh panic he doesn't
play for this team I knew I never liked
Janet's joke where is it not really sure
bro open benegas as light as slow as my
now as you say would you say allow
yourself a bitch these rows number bitch
Bravo
blimey Indian and Dumbo that's that
phenomenal guys what's up in that's
absent on it now hi I were down let's
down but not out
do this okay it's good fun oh hey I
didn't strain it he's got to me it's got
happy out of it so where is my seat good
Hey
when we make him pay as you do - what'd
you do - OH
locusts it nanos focus in a soft I'm not
good either no good that's on the roads
and - Winnick are superior
yeah hi I'm just oh yeah yeah that's the
key point and I've got my possession if
you got my finger here hey look more
tackle flies Simon's only friend
Metapod but you know ash finds better
positive and he survived I worse than
the Amish man spread poison a lotta
studies angle Sangre oh oh now he's
angry we make the start about how yogurt
of the world are y'all like why oh oh
actually I needed to know should have
made you play great Softbank I played
phenomenal soccer I assume good soccer
why are you coming in and foaming you
Tramp
come on thank goodness cross is offside
he's offside anyway go on this girl I
love yourself you know you're more goes
more goes wrong no more girls 19 million
to nearly one model is one no girls no I
put a try you know did you get the new I
think some suitable come dog go
diversity pull Tom go guys come don't be
up oh my god he's freezing through oh
why that I mean all these has been very
quite a suspect
I've suspect and starting to get a
foothold back in this game no I can't
even make it free I'm gonna look to find
out in the next episode outside oh how
are you feeling good know how I hate you
oh yes hey you should have done that hey
our trophy that's my trophy now I will
take care of you trophy you sound like a
gallery sound like a terrible actor
sorry I'm gonna take care I'm gonna take
care of you trophy I will take care of
you real hot oh oh oh
time time India's uture 19 minutes to
hero sparrow oh yes I wanted the upgrade
thank you thank you I take this
lightness in pride how do i I need to
put it okay the music please they were
not yet it's all good everything's every
week oh so that's all for today I have
lost the first round I will be playing
the others
we'll be playing on their towels as I
said you can set them out in the
description this is what worst dabs of
ever seen in my life
thank you guys for watching and thanks
there you go wait none hi hi hi hi I I'm
just adding these again at this point my
name is kid amusements go man you cannot
get an account get our carrier we've got
a fun Joker comedy give it a shot clock
