yo guys was going to welcome to a FIFA
17 capture event video I'm doing a sport
building challenge today as you can tell
there are lots of people in the
background bigger junk playing told me
right now to work late eat the manny
play Spencer there's a lot of noise I am
doing this challenge we're gonna do quad
this is what we've got half of the quad
I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do
this but let's try ok what we've already
done one this is going well you know
what we're gonna have we're gonna have a
PBL's
defense so Joe height and goals and then
we need we need a beefy L said about
Sacco it is like ya had a lot worse so
we're gonna put Camus Elliot Rosen
collar of my dad's going right now we
need to start having some other leagues
so we're gonna go for we're gonna go for
the dominoes no no we're all GAF
dominoes calcium a ok we'll go we'll go
with him do I have anyone else we do ok
loading right so we've done the rear
players now do we have a Bundesliga
wafer I go paisa and we can get a bundle
digger here this could this could be
working perfect alright hello I joined a
wider avenue non replace by the way just
just to let you know now we can get
three players in different league
it's done legal do we get kebaya we go
anyone else okay we've done it we've
done it
alright and I think we've done anyway
who will fulfill it it's gonna be rough
way Mushroomhead oh is it done
it's done submit number one done we hit
the quad
we got a premium called players back but
literally get more players right now
unfortunately I am only allowed to do
the sixes and the quad but we're gonna
do the sixes and when the game is
actually released we're gonna see if we
can do all of them I haven't even read
what is but we'll see okay so six leaves
and we only allowed two players from
each team and now they have to all be
rare brilliant are we gonna have big old
Rickie Lambert up front alongside gray
that's a solid strike force that should
be the future of English football okay
now we need to go into a different
league so we've got right mid in do we
have anyone in legal oh okay Alistar
Seanie legal give me another give me
that okay
Hopa Hopa make you go it in we're gonna
have to have one play just from a
completely different league so if we go
now to Syria and then we can go with a
little cheeky paavo above real love a
bit of Bovril serious enemy to Apple
okay I've got loads
I opened a lot more packed than I
thought I look at that little that
little French league new league
Bundesliga callow no glue don't rinse me
to say his name Renato Sanches okay I
got a centre back in the Eredivisie I
dabble a bit driver calling they're
gonna think if I have a goalkeeper then
I've done it I have more police we do
one which means if I just put anyone
from any other league we do we do
extracts do I have what you without you
no you no you come on
there we go we can use you know the
chemistry and the rate signal okay guys
I did a lot worse than I thought this
may save it Llorente up front we need
another 12 chemistry dude I have
enlisted some help we have Manny
I need 12 more chemistry and two more
anything you lost me I'm not good at
this I'm how do you do that's not a
very difficult run it
is very motel me that's that's all you
got ah please oh okay wait I've had an
idea
okay I just remembered that this is a
capture meant so there aren't players on
the market really so that kind of
screwed my plans oh we could put your
Ruth there yeah then he will live within
seventy one cap and then I'd say for
that matter there I'll know exactly you
understand now wait a second
I've got Liga BBVA Lydia sands I'm dead
Santa Dave right so we go with him
yeah an end Oh feelings there that's 79
rated you need one more ring so now to
go with to him and we go for that as
well to the other okay wait oh oh oh
whoa whoa whoa whoa
that would make it 1874 we just need
chemistry now all we need is a
goalkeeper
that's like French that's not in one of
the normal leads that's that could be
reaching it's calm down here okay chill
just chill it benefit get French Center
back from a different lady
yeah and then have a French go french
league goalkeeper I don't know what to
do what do we do I don't know how I can
improve this there's nothing there's
just any to anything there's not there's
normal Spanish I would tallien you might
have kalachuri
yeah yeah you know what Randy this mate
was does it may work so I'm thinking oh
no noses he won't get he won't have any
more cans but who did we get who did we
get it was going along so yeah
so when you wanted the Spanish wait a
second wait somebody's sick we're gonna
had him and Renato Sanches there so if I
get rid of him sort playoff and go boom
loosely go we go with Sanchez okay
done done oh and we just did it a lot 80
and 80
I was about to draw for a legends real
quick so after you do each one of those
you get a prime gold players play so
we're going with one already six rez
prime gold players pack I don't think
we're getting anything good Oh Snyder oh
that's right he's 83 really big damn
room but that is all for today that's
that's the squad builders done make sure
you check out many in the description
subscribe way over there sorry about the
noise as I said earlier but there's a
lot of people recording thank us
watching thank you've been here and Kiki
for the help and sit night from early I
have another life for a long time one
month forward again one month blam
10,000 subscribers and we have a
background so this is I know JJ said it
as this is my favorite YouTube layout
ever as well that just looks so nice
four thousand five thousand seven
thousand blogs truth or dare no some of
you remember those look how unhappy I
look in there yeah I was always set on
that
