what's up guys and welcome to the EAP
417 it capture event I am joined today
with beating gut okay yeah wah wah wah
yeah we are deadly duo whoa I don't
wriggle today we are doing skill games
the to play skill games that is the
first one is the shooting drill I am
Ranade you are Gareth Bale yeah so you
ready I'm Garen okay let's go right okay
you ready
alright I'm pause again oh oh and then
again oh oh it starts up easier oh okay
wait does this mean that okay yeah I
mean okay you got it I'll back you back
it oh watch like it oh it's on yet you
almost I'm hitting often Peter not and
lately with us what what like what we're
awful almost at oh wait and then you see
this I'm pushing it oh you've creating
space lay them in and Vanessa go I'm the
captain now
oh eight five shut up I loved it
what already we've I was gonna wait on
Jeff listen and how are we ever gonna
work tragedies Bobby Bobby that we're
going again that was all for I'm sorry
okay I'm so sorry I'm so sorry got a lot
of oh now I'm in there you go think that
wasn't a big or that he's right but then
he's got a vikkstar123 score oh shoot oh
I like I am okay I don't think it's
going to plan there you go
wait
hi hi hi hi i I'm just I'm adding means
again at this point my name is Kim uh
humans go man you get up get up get on
account get our carrier right we've got
a human isn't China a bar gonna
be gonna be holding community team polar
opposite see my 100 pen that's cause
they're gusting there we go oh that's
how it is you know we are simple okay we
as you see ya laughs sample off of that
right give me a six seconds great that
was an incredible ball oh my god oh no
oh my god
ha ha ha ha d try harder but I know what
poison you will get again don't we don't
we have to okay let's get back wins yeah
I said I said quiet lives with the game
won't hear us come finish it no wait
videos are asking we try walk-in gone
this is just decent football hell this
is just manner
boom okay we'll take the points a set of
points of Appeal oh my god yeah you
Simon that's my on it I want to see
sorry or you could be offside but
doesn't matter there is no outside there
is outside
sighs you me there's that little boy Bob
oh my god that was nearly impeccable
wait no what okay see them well I
understand addresses and uh no oh my god
oh my god oh no Simon I'm gonna give it
a good
Oh thought I'd give it a given how do
you leave it
but more just oh really
I'm dealing Oh Ivan I understood his
side would be really go through attempts
honestly I'm not hoping to give it a
better than you oh my god hahahaha so
what happened guys
oh my god wait oh it's still on this is
we're gonna do this we're gonna do this
once more right tom let me let me
offline okay ready yeah
but I'm gonna set it and then take a
touch boom
that's a good outfit 100 that won't do
it
shout go yeah you got more places nigga
try good didn't get ya okay right now
there's a G fully for this one like
we're playing Fifa this one guy this is
no joke oh no we drank in the run i
jersey across trip what gosh we
said we were actually gonna be serious
serious about love in the edge see I've
got courtesy snoop oh yeah
bang oh my god oh my oh my god right
doesn't matter don't matter even these
are the place where I'm coming back oh
my god
oh my god this is high gas yeah I'll
take a zero I want it put wait there's a
tape wait oh okay well we've already be
in our school yeah I've seen up through
the mins on back honey good there you go
there you go you see that oh how is he
saved that you stupid blue get more
points for me go there you go and wait
there's the ball ad boom we'll take this
double toe to head it was a bit it was a
weak fool is a week there is not popping
there's not full oh my god I know that's
how you play pee but it's gonna be how
we play key
okay okay
there you go that's better that's better
Hausa wait I see that you know what just
got buried
Vaness that's all this keep was on for
years your left foot your left foot
remember oh yeah yeah what's
it what's it what's it oh okay okay
shoot the foot the foot all I'm sorry I
know I know I know I'm sorry I'm sorry
appealed by wait man yeah I'm here
bang yeah pour the dummy honestly
they're on steroids I'm just don't get
enough yeah no good okay we've got a
long time oh we got oh oh oh get those
always here we're gonna get loads of
points oh that's that funny let's move
like a pop well you came at me like the
wild buffoon you know what I did get
together you actually need to get for me
just need to do better than the Duggars
if I could pass pass pass pass pass and
I'm gonna possible more and then shoot
pass there you've got everyone go wait
I'm back here yeah nice oh my gosh okay
and then gonna run wait wait I'm sorry
I'm sorry I'm babe I'm back if you need
fight oh my god I don't know they're a
robot they are actually the same oh oh
yeah oh good good okay right 30 ma ma ma
what we're doing Oh how's the axonal
thing that is left of it I'm I'm very a
buzzer back to now Oh
Gareth you naughty boy well I can't this
goalkeeper they're all Delia's sweaty I
was gonna say bad word
yeah what bang sauce there is a lot of
ice that's five thousand five we got six
times half that was a thousand for us or
- yeah we just wasted well I say we I
mean I just wasted in a tent on Fiji
feet we watch my back
go sorry no no that's what is it a one
thing we've got a thousand huge to pass
if there is the minister passing parents
okay okay hit oh no I wasn't ready so
I'm sorry Oh God Ellie ball that's a
ball that's a ball they've gone eight
thousand we have one more one more
I'm okay just takes our tee time tea
time Oh 9,000 9,000 we'll take a B I'll
take a week good job you want something
to be yeah yeah thank you pay we took a
big we took another bag as long as I'll
take any marriage all right so the next
one we have is the passing one I'm using
home by using Mickey Mickey Mickey
Mickey Oh Mickey you're so fine you're
so fine you blow my hey mickey look hey
mickey so I'm your partner here boss are
you guys hot look at you gonna get to
the other side oh jeez no way I'm
worried oh you don't have to come in the
area oh my god I'm in there and just
okay goo goo goo goo goo ah you know way
down okay so just okay are you pushing
me in you can find me in some nice parks
monuments no no you run away run away
first
oh yeah what yeah oh my gosh Nike it'll
do you know what come back see that you
see that you see that oh oh oh he goes
with lunch again Lee's not mocking me
he's not mock me here
got nice I'm getting bad and there you
go looking good on this away you go go
again
go go get through it wait oh good this
does it we were just saying points just
saying points yes okay but let's go
right straight food no it's a bit look
at this woman there you go oh that's
nice oh look at oh you think
stop staying in same place I think as
long as we keep going that's fine yeah
the yes'm
how is that - nice sister okay wait they
go there you go
beauty now you can get round him okay
it's just we are really slacking on
points that's beauty go on again don't
go in there just all about movement now
is that that's nice nice - but how hard
running from Mickey okay wait you can
have to go out why go around him and
then go how are you gonna get more than
this are you gonna do a lot quicker I
think no I'm not okay let's go go oh
 I wasn't I was in peril there you
go sorry get it so again yeah thank you
yeah just don't get too close to it
imma go I'm gonna say that I'm running
again again I'm just gonna get quietly
harming around them account they're too
good they're too good
they're too good is it good okay we
still what step 10 seconds why they want
money was on me I didn't want that is it
cool off early oh yes
and again he's through again we gotta
hide a nice to touch oh yeah okay no it
doesn't and what isn't a here or B and
again and again ISA that's perfect wait
looking at run run across run across and
go oh hi a banking puff gone and again
yeah and again
it's fine sighs Mike I will keep it up
there you go we'll be back so you just
don't have to move okay back in the
unread 5.7 seconds
I sense a posture straight back send a
second challenge stay back ah okay go
good loss Buster's done 40,000 jobs
evening 14 not see almost there one more
go Michael nibble or theme in home I
think we have 15 Oh baby are you serious
are you serious is this on yes
are you serious okay no you I trust
Madonna I press the robot this
we got to see what welcome with us we're
not champions at all they're going up
okay no we're not I don't want to enter
anything that dies all for the skill
games today thank you even for doing
this we are gonna record another video
on Ethan's channel so I will link his
channel in the description below make
sure you subscribe so you see the video
thank you for doing this thank you guys
for watching and push oh there you go
there's a firework motorcycle know what
spring go now watch me nae nae now watch
me we're we're we're off my console dude
we've opened for insane packs and you've
got no one laughs I oh but I want to get
back we'll get fired
come on bear yeah I'll bet
