what's going on guys and welcome to a
packer B we are the b-17 capture event I
am joined with hi these two yeah and
there's a lot of other people over here
and basically all right there you go
there are 50 K packs there are hundred k
packs and you're gonna open one I'm
standing just starting this okay
these guy that's working over 100 K
number straight right if you get
fireworks that means there's a good
player and okay started badly started
very bad and start very very bad
religious music a blur okay Williams be
watching this I'm sorry I do not want to
come on okay you may walk out I already
on this first but these are the
available we got man like rap why we
cannot these money I don't care you know
in the block we go really like a fish
music oh no way are you serious
running run it was duplicate I think
I'll become poor I thought without
fighting challenge to play Martina thank
you for what that's not it yeah let's
just skip and do it how do you know that
wait
last year even Kim Kim Kim keep a blink
give me some fireworks you're playing
good oh why one that's not fine but in
the next are there you go there's a
firework monocycle know what's me no no
no watch me we're will work out my
console dude we've opened for insane
packs and you've got no one laughs I uh
but I want to get back we'll get fired
oh whoa not bear good yeah um I'll bet
your nose I want your nose you want my
nose down so I get your notes yeah
Fiona's doesn't have much to it oh wow
fine
bang fireworks man knows have you ready
to give me a nose fireworks please oh
please who is it who is it
oh I blow and oski never whiskey mass
the best for today what nice you're
anything wait yeah give me your nose job
ribs great blooded shit that's sick man
I told you man will diluent anyone else
anyone else in or else no it's a solid
solid solid solid also do be a bit my
god why don't you trust him he's not
gonna get me why my dad's old you so
proud no yeah good yes just show you how
it's done
eyes go hunter killer that's how it's
done it
you out leave yeah come back I do some
shit no hi Manny open it none of your
hands greasy right yeah are you sir
let's swap think it thing hit hitter
he's not the dirt
I think that's like you got yo yeah i
doin you know how to say his name
it's got Jen and a Tempe joined together
like what is going on
that's Manny's pack come on get over
walkabout no that's all right though you
doesn't know but 50 days are not proving
to be good I'm sorry your open the world
yeah I'm getting around away I'm waiting
for the time wave 100 see Ganguly do no
no no no no no no it's okay alright
these are the exciting one yeah oh my
who's up who's that you are bar toggling
50k back to the seven left done it
already
I don't want it what you mean you've
done it really your Oriya know you got
Coleman I mixed up my belly to drink
Nellie's this is just pissing me off we
go by 50k by six letters yeah the
vintage a packs haven't got anything
good so far and they're going to improve
to carry or not
thanks thanks man this is trimer try let
your lips
you havin another pinch cake yeah he's
got this oh my god I can't be honest
with you are you gonna do that to me we
got to boy over an impact you go okay
uncheck run you kiddo let's go let's go
all right you're being very sick come on
come on don't another opening up I gotta
warm up all right let's go now this is a
real real time come on fellas come on oh
my oh my these are so bad these are
pretty bad I got on my Road last 50k
pack then his only 100k packs afterwards
so get this out the way it's gonna be
huh man I'm 1jj come on G come on all
right all right come on are we GU what
do you mean eventually no bad that is
all right all right that's one okay no
no okay honestly let's go check on McCoy
Wow
also legend no no that's one however we
can help please - no - no sooner no oh
no what hahaha good work yourselves oh
he's actually outraged no one also burns
players get every gotcha room John man
if I'm I don't play games
I speak on it oh come on please please
Germany
Roy's very go Roy I got stuck over that
solid fuck open your check oh I love you
go what do you love you come on Manny
another bar another firework oh come on
I know you man don't run now he has many
more now that I'm happy they didn't give
you a more what's ever more than secret
come on
Holly goes no pollution but natural Rudy
hey you can please sit please
now you go ahead don't worry I watch the
children live fireworks fireworks over
that look who wears able to daddy up the
elders do you want any others Boise
worried right
okay look solid though alright come on
come on please
one more walk out and I'm happy oh hey
it's all nine right please please please
hundred cake
boom Oh No suppose you go oh hey 18:18
I'm in a bone in a grade you have a suck
on that JJ last 200 k-pax here we go
please farmer solid this is the final
hundred paper so many no pressure up but
if you don't get one we're not friends
then go it's cool it's chill chill let's
go
my work let's trim obviously that's do
all right now the final pack is kind of
a cheap pack but what legend doing it
again it's only alone but we get let me
go as I don't know if I'm happy oh hey
smelt the crisps it smell them it's not
the potato
tonight's all for the pack opening today
hopefully you guys have enjoyed the
videos make sure you check out
everyone's channels in the descriptions
they'll be down there now thank you guys
to be in here thank you guys for
watching and push and then just you know
chop it off we got to Xboxes and to
Playstations for you know that is a
boring box only way you do it now I know
this isn't as big as you know JD's
giveaway maybe not even Harry's giveaway
okay but you know like I don't even have
a working phone this is broken now the
final thing but I'm gonna give away is
something something very big my big
gonna be giving away a custom
