yo guys what's going on and welcome to
another Google feud last time I was here
with Toby this time I am here with mani
a bear Bravo if you say so
sure okay last time I was here with Toby
we got to round 15 and we had 97
thousand so me and Manny are gonna try
and beat that in 15 months you think we
can do it
I am so bad I'm bad so we don't know how
this works just basically you choose a
category and then you have three guesses
to try and figure out what the most
searched terms were which category do
you want to go with um questions like
what you can question yeah funny okay
questions is my cat sees disease okay
hahahaha is my cat a bug I guarantee
that will come up if this comes up many
if you beat Toby automatically okay we
will end the video right now ha ha ha
racist they'll probably have that I mean
I've seen people searching on about dogs
yeah oh it's my sick dying that is
disease basically I will get for another
question is the present a shoot right go
for it now okay we actually we need to
think robots think about it so many
people believe in conspiracies ah oh my
I'm going with robot robot what puppet
we haven't got a point yet money dog is
the same you think dog has de yeah there
we go
I I'm gonna think mosquito am i spelling
it right I think that's right
ah make snake surely how many people
you carry on you just carry you carry on
hamster yeah yeah hamster yeah ah
vampire
yeah I really if this comes up I just
don't know that actually comes up
radioactive detective shame on you my
head shame on you Star Trek is fake
magic is real I think real we did fake
try real yes there we go I think Star
Trek is gay you really think so yeah
Star Trek is gay ha ha ha my god oh my
god ha ha Star Trek is Star Wars let's
go star check his back we'll try a favor
no socialism Star Trek is dead Archer is
Star Wars I said that four rounds or a
quarter of the way I think we're gonna
do it powdered milk milk you would go
yeah
what is there how did what part of
protein yeah I'm a long shot but right
now we down anything else the thing is
people are idiots people will do like
powdered water mash sounds safer mesh
ahh toast man powdered Donuts powdered
toast man
that sounds like the shittest superhero
ever
I think my dad is it gays there we go
the thing is our thing that popped into
my head as well there's gonna be
cheating gay I think my dad is not my
dad that's gonna be my three guesses
let's go cheating because I feel like
that's probably cheating okay okay yeah
oh final one is bad my dad oh ah I think
my dad is my uncle I swear if that comes
up oh my I feel like that my been
searched brother
smart thinking please
but know that ma'am I think my dad is
Batman wanted oh god oh my god no I
think that's it see you later
no you know what would do well money
will 47k why have dogs racist why are
dogs I'm putting it wired dogs dogs my
dogs colorblind they're gonna be
American spelling of color ha ha ha does
the smelling mouth I don't know I think
so
colorblind no we're still doing all
right
football is awesome football football is
soccer football is this is going bad I
knew bullies gays yeah I knew it I know
this actually double football is back as
well brain juice a superhero I drank it
and he came up with that
no I guarantee it's gonna be there with
them yeah let's get our space I wish I
were a butterfly what okay what do you
wish you were an immortal oh and AH an
immortal I thought you said more other
you said more tool I wish I were a bit
taller press it press it press it ah
I'll use it butterfly I'm sorry honey
I'm sorry Manny I'm sorry son I'm sorry
Tom Hanks is the best Tom Hanks is gay
yeah
ah this is the one time it's led us down
what films has he done what Forrest Gump
Tom Hanks is Forrest Gump I'm making it
I make it up there okay Tom Hanks is
Welles I don't know for this world
I just don't know oh my god but we're
back on track now we're back Tom Hanks
is he dead
we put dead eb-5 more rounds we'll go in
culture country music is gay she had to
go and get that one out of the way back
but I don't know what your time Ted yep
oh boy Lyle you how have we got more on
this than any other one
I don't know neither of us listen to
country music I have a confession
William one cup though should give name
a goes let's give it a go alright we've
won we've won we've won I exactly as
well that's it we've done it okay what
we're gonna see what we didn't get any
wave is it bang
no I dunno pick up the star check
massive if it is Star Trek Star Trek's
game we backed that is we rushed it we
rushed it that's what is beef jerky is
gay that's like that laughing ah
beef jerky is awesome show me the money
nasty I'm sorry
Manny I apologize going culture final
round biography of we fucked up but we
fucked up biography of Obama Barrack
Obama
I was gonna say Shakespeare when it
first came on Barack Obama Yana we put
Obama we did pretty bad some of the
rounds but with beat the score we got
with Toby in 15 rounds 108,000 that is
gonna be all for Google for you today
with many thank you many people coming
and doing this and you know helping me
win us win you know that's how we do
make sure you check out money in the
description subscribe while you're over
there thank you guys for watching
and push the helium challenge five days
before that so September for I don't
know exactly when I hit it but this is
the closest one to it basically there's
like screenshots and you can only go
back to certain dates November 12th a
million subscribers I think I hit it on
like November this still have the same
banner I do not like changing my stuff
much I had a Twitter profile picture for
you know the first like year and our
balls and pizza for some reason it
really annoyed
