yoga's was going on and welcome to
another video today we are doing at the
wayback machine and I know people have
done it before okay
but now it's my turn if you don't know
what this is I've seen Josh and Jada do
it it basically shows you what your
YouTube channel look like back in the
past so obviously mine will be a lot
shorter because I started YouTube a lot
later also I thought 2080 424 that is G
Day jr. that's not even Gigi's main
channel that's GNA jr. the his previous
main channel Wow
yeah February 17th that's right JG are
technically I'm YouTube before you I
know I didn't upload but I still had it
before him youtube.com slash user
forward slash Mini mentor I can browse
my HP I started in 2008 but the first
video I actually posted I got this one
which I just heard a second it sound
like I wanted to kill myself December
7th 2012 I actually posted two days
after that so you consistent from the
beginning so I can't go back the whole
way 2012 but I can go back to was the
first on February 17 2013 this is what
my youtube look like in 2013 now a great
thumbnail make great thumbnail I had
1500 subscribers at this point right
this guy here okay who's the first guy I
ever used his music from it was the
sickest music the relationship would
never face
it caused it strong buddy keep dining
mind sister truth ain't wrong why did I
comment let's go Fernando there just to
sum up how new I was to YouTube at this
point I had 1500 subscribers at the time
when the Harlem shake was a thing also
also also okay okay this is this is like
my fifth video okay fifth and six video
BAM
subscribe to nigahiga I've been there
since I started doing YouTube we're only
into March and we've already got two and
a half thousand subscribers look I'm
posting suddenly we got episode there
that's that's ten episodes already for
some reason if anyone is like an OG toe
gizzle fan okay you remember his Black
Jack podcast and I was in one of them
and I I don't really know why about you
Simon will even up to your suite I need
to get my start from early I have
another life for a long time one month
forward again one month lam 10,000
subscribers and we have a background so
this is I know JJ said it as this is my
favorite YouTube layout ever as well
that just looks so nice four thousand
five thousand seven thousand blogs truth
or dare no summer you remember those
look how unhappy I look in there yeah I
was always set on that being like a logo
for me never really took off but I mean
my bio stayed the same I just make FIFA
videos and vlogs not much else to it
really it's still there five million
subs later and you say I've changed so
all the way to August now and we have
30,000 subscribers so I'm a dickhead I
didn't even put jay-z and featured I
mean this YouTube layouts alright it's
pretty similar to what it is now
I missed the old one so my second
channel started in September 2013 it
took me till the end of 2013 to actually
put a link to my second channel so now
February 2014
we've changed up Adam PI cast on this
one and yet we still donate a I'm so
sorry JJ and these are the og series you
know bros gonna bro challenge seasons
you came as as you're saying your team
there's like the four og series if you
did watch them okay if you were no gene
you watch any of those which one of
those four was your favorite let me know
in the comments down below
june 16 2014 3 hundred thousand
subscribers well done well done and
chaos is there we got we got chaos
eyebrows draw bazinga of dip star zurka
and talk just we got we got the sidemen
yeah this is where I had my first video
hit
we have the youtubers crossbar challenge
like I know this isn't even that long
ago this is only two years in two and a
bit years ago so we finally changed the
banner about two years ago today or two
days before yet what happened two days
before today two years ago we have over
half a million subscribers so in two
years we've gone from half a million to
five million now we've got a few videos
over a million is out and that that is
when we released the helium challenge
five days before that so September 4 I
don't know exactly when I hit it but
this is the closest one to it basically
there's like screenshots and you can
only go back to certain dates November
12 a million subscribers I think I hit
it on like November is still have the
same banner I do not like changing my
stuff much I had a Twitter profile
picture for you know the first like year
and our balls on Twitter
for some reason it really annoys people
around Christmas I did my only ever
public video I think I think I've only
done that as that that is it I tried
picking out girls in public thing go do
well and this is back in the days of 301
view so basically your video gets like
view locked after you know whenever it
hits 301 views it gets you locked for
like 24 hours as I said my second
channel no I don't want to do that don't
know there was actually a point where I
thought my second channel would overtake
my main channel I'm ever talking to the
others about saying like if that
overtakes which has been my main channel
yeah I mean I was like a riddle right so
we finally make it to February and we
finally have this yellow scheme or gold
schemers I have now in fact I have the
exact same gold scheme right now I've
had this since February 2015
you know what now I'ma keep it people
hate change I'm a keeper by June 18th
this is pretty much exactly how youtuber
stage you know there's the same layout
this is this is it now so it's it's a
tiny bit different but effectively the
same 2 million subscribers on my main
channel 1 million on my second channel
that I said July this is a year later so
July 2016 we now have two million and
four and a half million that's about as
far as my history session goes obviously
I haven't been doing YouTube that long
so I can't really talk about much in the
past I'm fortunate enough to have had
quite a quick like growing session I
don't know that that just sounds odd but
this is kind of the end of like the
hitting 5 million subscribers this is
like I wanted this week
almost to be like I've hit 5 million I'm
going to have a week where most of the
videos are dedicated to know that
starting tomorrow it should be random
videos and then obviously Tuesday the
demo on fever comes out back to normal
starting tomorrow but thank you guys for
watching I hope you've enjoyed the
history of my channel and have a good
day and see
