yo guys what's up and welcome to a five
million subscriber special I guess and
also a birthday special it was my
birthday yesterday
I turned 24 and I hit 5 million
subscribers on Saturday night I thought
now would be like the perfect time to do
a essentially like a draw my life except
I saw Manny do a more documentary based
kind of real life video so I kind of
like that way instead because it's a lot
more personal etcetera so I thought I'm
gonna do the same as you can tell I'm
not at home right now I'm actually at my
parents house which is where I started
doing YouTube upstairs in my bedroom
alright so this is my bedroom now
obviously it's changed pretty
drastically there used to be a desk
along there and then that that was where
I used to do the videos so there was the
chair here which obviously now isn't
here but that's why I did the hi again
it's me in this room
hi again
it's me so we're going to Berkhamstead
or Barca which is like that's why I went
to school pretty much my entire life too
and since I was about some moved to
handle I was about 3 or 4 this is
secondary school year and also college
technically as well
I didn't start no I literally started
YouTube while I was at uni so this is
where yeah this is what JJ started and
no one knew about it until you're 11
when I found out so I was actually here
when I found out he did it
I get mocked for it but if I had the
choice if I could go back in time and it
wouldn't affect anything
I just saved my parents money so no I
don't I don't see the need of it I've
had the choice to do it again I would
obviously do it again so I could still
meet JJ still get into YouTube
everything like that my house was always
like the house that everyone went to if
you know I mean it was that you know
that you know you always only go to the
houses like the snacks and the consoles
and stuff like that the first concern
when were playing is the snez super
nintendo house the best console ever so
I met JJ at Boca
and in year 7 and then towards the end
but he actually dropped out I ended up
helping him do videos but you know just
help filming and whatever if he needed
an extra white guy in a video I'd be
that guy and earn YouTube that's like us
two questions I wonder in YouTube and if
I didn't know JJ I guess I'd still be
doing JJ's clothing line or attempting
to anyway but if I didn't know JJ I
wouldn't have known you two existed and
I think the whole reason I left uni was
cuz of JJ because he kind of took me
along to loads of stuff so if I didn't
know JJ I'd probably have stayed at uni
and then I'd probably be a police
officer by now or be in training I was
doing criminology at Hull about two
months the second I found out it was all
theory based I wasn't wasn't really up
for that obviously quitting you need my
mom was just like they both both of them
were kind of very against it because it
seemed like quite a rash decision but
then I think why me and my mum's main
thing was just if I leave I have to look
for a job straight away
I can't kind of just come home and just
sit there doing nothing obviously I had
to look for a job and JJ was trying to
set up a clothing line at that point and
cuz I worked in a warehouse for a shop
actually down here I said to JJ like I
can set this up if you want set out did
all the packing from his house for a few
months and we did all of that until BIA
until YouTube kind of took off for me I
went to games come in 2012 I want to say
maybe 2013 and met and Nepenthe Birds
and Cal freezy and that's where they
both actually said why don't you do
YouTube so my first video was winning
the Gold Cup part 1 which is literally
just me when I was at uni playing a
tournament and winning it and I spent
like a month just editing this video
that was I don't know now I look back on
it obviously there's so many things that
I would have changed though I probably
wouldn't uploaded it hi guys welcome to
my first video I thought I'd just try
winning the Gold Cup in thief ultimate
chief but I mean no one's first video is
good is either it's gonna either be a
the original crossbar challenge that was
on my channel or the helium challenge
hey JJ member that time you spunk in
your eyeballs better give it into your
mouth now played Sunday leagues since I
was about this is I can remember really
since you know I must have been like six
or something like that when I started no
I never really went anywhere yeah this
is the one this is the Southampton ball
kept this in my I kept this in my car
the entire time this is like the senior
school playing fields kind of things so
we played football here every Tuesday
Thursday and then Saturday matches as
well and now I play once a month
I support leads because my mom's my
mom's side of the family's all from
Leeds so I was actually raised as a Man
United fan which all Leeds fans are
probably hate me for now as soon as I
soon as I had like a brain myself I kind
of wear white asks for money knighted no
reason our sport leads we are now headed
back to the Seidman house from my
parents or Berkhamstead actually but
yeah I don't know who's home right now
I think JJ's home it's probably asleep
it's definitely one of the best things
about doing YouTube is being able to
live with you know through my best mates
that will do the same thing and then the
other guys as well like Caffrey Zeke
Alex Harry
Ethan Toby you know all living you know
pretty close Simon started from GTA it
was me Josh JJ Ethan and Toby we
basically just played GTA online we kind
of decided why are we not recording this
because I need JD from school Toby knew
Josh from school and then on Josh's
birthday like four years ago he went
into Ethan stream just started talking
to him and invited him along to a Skype
call us five started playing Vic joined
in a GTA session and kind of just stuck
around and then Harry joined in later on
that was it that was the seven I mean
Vick I barely see he wakes up yesterday
he actually woke up at 7 p.m. so barely
see him I'll see a lot of Josh and then
I see a lot of JJ's mess but that's
about it
the day and night for me is literally
wake up at like 1:00 p.m. and then roll
from bed to here and then just edit
until food and then once I've got food
edit again then we have like a group
recording session every night at around
like 10 p.m. and that's to like 2 a.m.
and edit till about 4:00 and then go to
sleep
ah the book you have to you have to have
to find out you know there's a lot of
stuff when we first like had the idea of
doing a book I can you know I can barely
write as it is so I didn't really know
but there's turned out much better than
any of us could have imagined this mad
it's like editing mad cuz obviously 5
million is just like there's not much
difference between you know 5 million
and 4 point 9 9 9 or whatever for
hitting 5 million is a round number like
that is that's quite a massive milestone
when you start obviously you just want
you know you you upload your first video
and you're just like all right I've
subscribed to myself I've made for faith
counts that subscribe to myself what
made my brother subscribe that's 5 if I
can get the 10 that will be sick and now
obviously then hitting a million mental
and now 5 million is just yeah that's
incredible at the exact moment I hear I
was actually sitting here watching the
live count I've actually got the live
count recorded so I just want to say
thank you to everyone watching everyone
who subscribed all 5 million people that
are subscribed plus the sidemen any
youtubers that you know I've
collaborated with or even spoken to got
advice from etc everyone around I just
want to say thank you because
it's not just it's not just me it's five
million other people so yeah thank you
that's how we get another five mil
