tell me
oh jesus fucking christ what are you
doing you me just did five million
subscribers and it's my birthday
is that it you guys and regardless of
what weird intro I decided to put on
this video I am doing a giveaway to just
say thank you for 5 million subscribers
it is currently my birthday is actually
right now it's about 4 a.m. in the
morning um on my birthday and this video
is going live on my birthday so I
thought what better way to say thank you
guys than to do a little giveaway
nothing behind me are things that I am
gonna be giving away stuff this this is
this is mine I was gonna do an intro to
do with Jay Jay's giveaway about you
know the whole turning the phone and
being like oh that's cute but basically
my phone's broken now why am i giving
things away why am I not buying a new
phone anyway I'm giving stuff away now
before I give stuff away back back back
back all you need to do to enter this
giveaway is like the tweet so that is in
the description I don't know what it'll
say I'll make it up on the spot once
this video goes live you will have one
week to enter after that moment no more
winners shall be decided now what can
you win firstly but back back back those
are codes you're gonna have to pause it
and get them to start with we are going
with three Triton headsets along with
three other tribes and headset swarm
headsets ten people show inside men
merchandise of their choice shit well
sippin it back but three people shall
win their custom controllers of your
choice from custom controllers another
three people shall win a copy of FIFA 17
when it is released
they I can't give you now that wouldn't
make any sentence but black but now we
get into the biggest stuff obviously we
need to record our game so if you are
thinking about becoming a youtuber I am
giving away 3l ghettos if you don't know
what they are by the way basically
that's how we record our game planes
they are really helpful for youtuber
next up is the jet you can win a GTO
mega chair of your choice as well I even
know what giving away there's gonna be
impossible today and what's that on it
you ask this is a very dull box I think
it is that's a MacBook which you can win
as well now people often ask what do we
blog with the canon g7x just looks
sponsored as fuck and then just you know
chop it off
we got 2x boxes and to Playstations for
you know that is a boring box only what
you doing now I know that this isn't as
big as you know JJ's giveaway maybe not
even Harry's giveaway okay but you know
like I don't even have a working phone
this is broken now the final thing but
I'm gonna give away is something
something very big more big gonna be
giving away a custom-built sidemen PC
from PC specialists as I said all you
guys have to do is like the tweet in the
description that is everything I'm gonna
be giving away today anyway and I just
want to say a huge thank you to everyone
who subscribed same only said happy
birthday to me everything all of that
obviously I will be able to do this kind
of stuff if it wasn't for you so I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna be spending ages
being cheesy and stuff that's what I'm
gonna say so thank you guys for watching
have a great day remember to like that
tweet and soot
Oh
Oh
