now what's up guys drunk fifa I am okay
I've recorded a video I'm not I'm not
like I'm I'm not gonna lie to you guys
I'm kind of lip I don't know where this
is being uploaded I recorded video with
minilab anyways just you know make sure
I am that drunk I'm gonna drink some
more and yeah don't obviously drink
responsibly I do drink responsibly I had
said that wrong
but fuck ah fuck it one more for luck oh
my god that is horrible
fuck it for for two holding let's go I
don't wanna I don't care about the
drafts I'm just like I do but I don't
really care about the building of the
drops we're gonna end up with the same
team actually let's go from otter hog
ba-ba-boom let's go you got a red last
week so not sure about you but that's a
weenie that could work that was probably
the wrong decision but we're going for
fuck Syria left mid late yo Costa boom
darn Baines well done good job I should
probably look at the players before I'm
choosing them to it oh what a legend
okay you know what cool we are okay I'm
bragging right now incredible I'm saying
wait you oh okay oh ye sure I don't know
what's going on right now my nose is
getting blocked with alcohol if anyone's
a that was good comment now going oh
geez this guy I like give a shit
I mean honest is you lot this is this
the alcohol was bringing out the honesty
I don't give a shit because I every care
but I'm trying to just oh oh going out
so I know we could have gone Erikson
Erickson's good petrol Sal oh you know
what sila That's not me don't say it's
me it doesn't look like me especially as
I've got my head I'm now Levin dusky oh
yeah has it I'm very happy don't know
what i'm looking for anymore
how's it run out a messy how would I do
any of them what is that you know what
actually looking at this team I'm just
I'm just saying this team isn't actually
bad okay you know what 98 came
considering winging about this boom you
know what
snot sea schnapps a big ol schnapps
that's a solid ass team my team is so if
I lose now is purely because this
bastard
say yeah well let's go for another Wow
I'll do a half a quick quick - - as you
know let's go for this boom there you go
this is this is already vodka this is
vodka Fanta but now it's double vodka
Fanta drink responsibly
ah ah ah yeah yeah I ain't even looking
at I don't even know it's chemistry
right now I just you know I just noticed
like different color cards and there's
more than mine I got one legend I got I
got less than that I got a little hype
tune in my ears got a little hype tuned
pipe - all right you know what you know
what I feel like I feel comfortable I
poked up Oh big tackle okay wait wait
wait
oh oh again we get oh oh no no no no
okay
see solid got this calm time waste time
we ran Bertrand take what okay okay he's
ready oh oh one more finesse wait for
this and shoot someone just shoot please
do that way I don't you there mile
bollocks oh yeah you gonna Suarez oh you
want your no shit a shit these rubbish
use and reason fighting little tact oh
boy Oh beautiful
it's just beautiful Oh cry yeah yeah
that's right your name is cry and your
cry how you feel Oh No
bye ye just like my sorority that's kind
of racist oh I messed up I messed up
that's kind of racist I thought I put my
his name was cry suddenly I'm crying
is that it it's genuinely kind of bugged
me matter we Corner corner corner
chicken korma how is that not only how
is I know you in my ball
I'll pass up + on one more blank you
know I literally you see earlier little
hands up honestly I literally press you
so early this is mad this game is shit I
met as our time and I mean
this is genuinely like 1% Fanta and like
I put some vanilla vodka in here and
some raspberry buttercream and it tastes
like shit I think I actually play better
people when I'm drunk like without being
without being you know arrogant like I
wouldn't have done that pass and I would
you know I wouldn't be in this position
I would've been in that you know just
I'm just saying I'm just saying I
wouldn't okay you know that's like oh we
gonna do now it's just it's just chill
for the rest of the game hold on hold on
hold on no no no no
nice counter counter let's go baby
oh I just farted I thought I fired again
oh there we go quit ciello me let's go
baby came to game to baby put me in a
game per minute yeah I've won
I've only done one draft in this account
before and I I gots a final so I've won
three and lost one so right now I'm on
four wins one loss CDM low chem just
saying lo Kemp CDM and his defenses man
he's got a mic although he's gonna
scroll our goals let's go why does it
look like I'm playing at the empty car
it looks like I'm at Wembley Cup 2016
what's it on and take such finesse Oh
what the fuck I'm subbing him up equate
and I'm not some Rockies is it he's an
import pick touch bank go honestly I
think I should do a whole frickin series
drunk poke poke poke poke poke boom take
such finesse I am freaking this is
absolutely no point in playing it's this
game is already over this games really
over and I know that I'm probably
getting our pretentious jinx myself I
wish that went in okay who are you why
you as your pace come from yeah peace
out he's not nerd we did was he his name
is poontang Tom like if I lose to a guy
on poontang Tom I I just I feel like I
need to retire a favor turn back oh I
need a piss I need a piss badly
time shit I mean I am looking stats I
can't read I just need to end this game
I need I need to just finish this game
off if I go three nil its if I could
have got a third goal I think it
would've been over look at this plate
look at this look look let me just
finesse it boom go
I'd like that was his kickoff oh shit
okay okay that's adult lesson
yeah okay well no okay three one I I've
done a couple of done a couple go on
please him in pass it across Oh
Vaness pull goal there we go that's all
I got to do all I gotta do is take it
slowly and I score let's go for it watch
this which is little trick oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh where's the runs voice where's
the runs where's the runs
there's the runs think such finesse boom
6-1 please quit I can't I can't even be
asked to play 11 I'm minutes of you
really what's happening what's happening
you know what keep up anyway sure fuck
it he always missed it oh my god
big tackle oh that's a yellow he's off
oh you know what I'll take red cuz the
red doesn't affect my draw hug but yeah
it's realistic
this games really I'll give you that
FIFA painted shit yeah yeah a nine let's
game let's damn done are you gonna Messi
Thierry Emery David Silva and a good
defense okay you know yeah well I see a
couple red lines a triangle what we said
right let's go
let's go boys alright I feel like I feel
like we might actually have a game on
right now like I felt like I'm not gonna
be able to you know just dribble round
him like you see that you see that you
see how I didn't just dribble round him
like that oh I'm honestly my eyes are
like my eyes are struggling right now
oh wow wow that just bounced straight to
him wow wow wow I'm listen to them that
was really easy
oh he's one of them as well he doesn't
actually defend he just kind of it just
kind of lets his players do the
defending for him oh god oh god oh god
well I don't know if that was going in I
just saved the hell out right pause for
it no
then there was such an easier path up
buyer I'm listening again I've lost
again I find I haven't a shot I've had
one shot sizing all right you know what
bang it this is but oh no I needed that
if I could name that's it that's the
size the game on know what finesse it
finesse that that's not fun Vichy he has
he's spider-man
lamella get off like salad get on earth
sill format Serena sure boys actually
have to go ultra attacking why is she
gonna lose look ready pass it turn out
finesse oh my god I'm struggling I'm
sure the mice dream is so far over this
is horrible with one girl like if I just
got that one doll or wasn't it
why did you jumped like you fully
galloped no don't name don't don't let
him troll us like a bull fuck
get the ball thank you oh my god I fart
it again like you know I'm guessing go
that's the front ball that's the front
place but I should keep this ball wait
wait this is a chance still it's a
chance it's not a chance
keepo wheres my kpop where is my key but
reve reve reve gave me the blow give me
the freakin bow
rip the I'll rip the dream it's over
what's the point in playing anymore
that's a fuck you mate fuck you mate
that's all I have to say fuck you mate
okay well yeah great
no great game to nil mice lobby bar bar
well you suck your own mother
you know jumbo premium go back in a
premium ok ok well over nice anything no
nothing really yeah rare that's awful
one trend 83 know what 20k packs the
seat I'm only going to show you the good
ones after this one I'm only gonna show
you the good one that's the flash Swiss
dot summer forget someone brilliant yeah
oh no a billboard smack us again send a
mid arsenal oh please Swiss oh shit
who's that Leng draw for the Ling lang
oh here we go second lost pack yeah
another billboard is the penultimate a
tune is is that soon as you up in that
there now 85 be for pay guys for
watching hope you guys have enjoyed the
video if you haven't let me
by leaving a like if you haven't don't
you know don't watch my videos anymore
I mean crime I in no scene man or my
circle that's my team if you wait that
more time you can fuck off my no kappa
an x-man scream on the through this team
that I'm old and I surpass hundred
thousand soul told my manager fuck this
job I'm gonna take my tongs on the road
