hi there what's up guys are welcome to
recreating your goals our brand new
series where you guys are sending goals
I'm gonna try and recreate them if you
want to send them more for next time the
email address will be in the description
below this is number five all right that
was number five this is arts pretty good
say you're a gangsta what's really good
say you're a popular here as well by the
way so I enjoyed the day with maverick
wolves who you can check out in the
description we have done a video over on
their channel which you can check out
down there as well yeah that was totally
first time that was number five which
was on their Channel now we're gonna be
doing the other for the first there we
go hi number four and I'm Bo
I let for you I do the mother-son nigga
touch my game we gonna time this she
took number four out there over the top
but you know who saw
Oh
Oh
I don't know what you're gonna get my
smack it would say better than the
original a DB so father back you know
about you but tell them I see you know
that nobody can be you I don't know why
they'd be so bought you
number two which is kind of tied as
number one but we decided this one
because the dough goalkeeper this is
number two
my sister
how am I gonna do
Oh
thank you my legs can't do any more how
did you do that
pling
Oh
we do it alright so that was recreating
your goals at number one with maverick
wolves thank you guys for being here you
can check them out in the description
below bitch sure you subscribe to their
channel also check out the video we did
as I said earlier which also down there
last thing to do
crossbar early oh okay
oh that sounds gotta savor the kids the
kids are saving the ball I saw I meant
oh you know what end the video thanks
for watching yeah a shower is his name
lurch is that kind of kind of oh that's
like a hint chimp there that one bang
yeah yeah yep thy bang I will as we go
hi my name is Stephen Hawking welcome to
jackass
