what's up guys and welcome to reacting
to weird internet videos with
and expecting you mr. Smithers
me and Toby have done this on Toby's
channel before I leave a link to that in
the description that we're now doing it
for my channel and yeah you guys send in
some pretty weird videos so we're just
gonna watch them you know the kind of
weird stuff you see I'm still not ready
alright we're not sure if Toby's seen
this one so if you haven't yeah a man
for surprise
yeah this is art so who I don't know
that's a good question I can't remember
though but I've definitely seen this
it's like human centipede all over again
no the game space thing is amazing his
ways do it but have you seen that or
having seen like when jay-z does it JJ
doesn't it what we don't do that on
Fridays all right this one's more for me
how to jelly your hair whoa whoa
do you Jo your hair I have actually job
my hair before it wasn't like white
people Jo you know like you look after
the wet look the wet look yeah that
wasn't like I do not use that much
that's a little bit that was half the
bowl that's the look that's the look I'm
talking about you know when you go into
places and this we took my facial
expression on his general look because
those are the very creepy face
everything is in my soul gonna get out
of it yeah he's got the weirdest haircut
as well like it stops his haircut stops
here it's like a half-hearted attempt at
Boka oh my god this is not mr. Horgan
this is a classic Peter look surely that
is not yet and that's how you do your
hair ready for church for George
oh he needs prayer it is ladies like
from The Addams Family as a link that's
a shower there's a shower
this is named lurch is that kind of kind
of oh that's like a hint Jim there that
one bang yeah yeah yeah dies Aang I will
see go I my name is Stephen Hawking
welcome to jackass
welcome to jackass I'm going to help
this is white people a weird or
something like that no she's gonna get
it oh she's proper lips Oh rot was so
gross
I'm good again okay look I'm looking I'm
looking good
look wait family fuck off that is the
length of her head she's deep throating
a ton I can't not all white people let's
draw alright have you ever lips to drop
no I'm not a heavyset lunch I had a
healthy lunch today thank you God so how
to bark I'll let a little poop poop
cause you know everybody poo poo you
know little fart hey all this air my - I
gotta leave me alone I can't hold my
farts in cuz I hold it in my tree gonna
hit the boat I'm getting my new bone
caveman don't shake through my nose and
I'm a guy
I can't home Authority we all like
talented like you Rebecca where he's
gonna hold everything in your stomach
your master boost so listen here Rebecca
is gonna talk stuff about my fart well
I'm just gonna go to your house and is
farming your pillow Bob Bob please don't
ever do it again okay okay thank you
the sass levels yes how you know he's so
angry he's got the eyes are the whole
people white stuff yes no and all people
I've gone around
Simon was out for Haram bitch oh my what
I don't know what's going on I'm so
confused
both mentally and sexually did that just
happen
wait what what you can't talk on
NewSpring in there show me yeah that's
the Beyonce dance another hjj dancing
JD's answers by that look you're telling
me JD does love that you haven't seen JD
Dostana
no I'm gonna stop to the road J Taylor
ha ha ha ha I see JJ dancing with a pole
hitting another poppy I think I've seen
this I haven't it's very grown-up ha ha
ha
I thought of somebody gotta go
triggered now an instant classic I fuck
I love this video weird thing is pretty
certain I have seen JJJ JJJ does whether
it does the exact show alright this is
just a Toby so uh you know this is I
can't say I didn't see this come that
tick doesn't mean that I'm impotent
yes it fucking does uh me it does
doctors video later we need the best
bitch just means I'm me we need the best
bit my global fine take it doesn't mean
I'm important just watch damn you pew
pew beauty by African snooty voice oh my
god alright the final video is what I've
seen but Toby I know hazard the rooms
are boy my grandfather died I can't
laugh at this
a port
how excited are you for this I couldn't
take his voice I don't really know how
do you top a Ronald McDonald clown fight
you don't top a Ronald McDonald clown
fact you don't thank you guys for
watching make sure you check out Toby in
the description and subscribe to wait
over there and sit so Vic not much here
I just play no voice for you for me
might want to check that muttering hey
thanks
why did something silly message hey
buddy check your cupboard
