joke as was going on and welcome to a
Twitter Q&A questions first in with the
app first things first out with the old
in with the new
right we have a new chair this is the
chair I'm going to be using for now I
don't know why I'm telling you this it's
kind of boring anyways I asked you guys
on Twitter for some questions using
hashtag Minter sometimes follows you you
didn't really get what I was going for
so let's just move on on with the
questions why did you make this hash tag
this hash is so stupid because you don't
follow fans like what is wrong as you
see what I mean this hash tag wasn't
meant to be
minta sometimes follows and then belike
follows fans
I was literally looking at Twitter and
an added a something came up and it said
first never follows and I was alright
Minter sometimes follows I know I don't
follow enough people but there is reason
for that last few people I followed that
were considered fans actually ended up
getting a lot of abuse whether it was
through tweets DMS or just abusive
messages but I decided no more follows
however I do feel bad about not
following anyone so I don't know how to
do because I don't want anyone to get
abused if I follow them and I know
whoever I follow it's gonna be like Oh
why'd you choose them not us so I don't
know a way to choose people to follow
you have suggestions let me know in the
comments and I will try and pick away
that is fair to everyone
I'm ready I'm ready
l otm now you may have seen this in my
bio but what does it stand for and we go
to the bank the lord of the mike's one
it was the original lord of the mike's
me b JME i basically got destroyed in
Lord of the Mike's and just decided now
I have to get rid of everything so I got
everything taken down that is when I
turn to youtube if you really want me to
I will try and find any footage I can
but I'm not promising you anything
why do you in the same inimical up north
really we just went to Manchester
Newcastle area oh okay now it comes out
alright everyone from Newcastle doesn't
consider Manchester north
Josh literally considers anywhere
outside the m25 north so we went to
Manchester we did this video on the
Simon channel
but no we haven't been to Newcastle now
there may be a little detour to the
north for our book tour if there is one
I don't know where yet but I'm just
saying keep your eyes peeled it is open
Isak eyes open ears peeled am I saying
when will you upload your coming-out
video
why do I do this to myself what to begin
you swim is what basically gives you
younger self before your first Wang
don't do it Simon do not stop because
once you start you will not stop you can
become a famous youtuber one day you
could bust out five videos a day instead
of just busting out five times a day
well there's moments where you question
why anyone watches you at all that
wasn't one of them by the way that joke
was incredible Simon would you rather
dab or wet I think I would rather get it
wet wit good yep Simon a loli Oh which
channel do you prefer mini-mental mmm
seven games I don't think I have a
preference I mean it's kind of like my
main channel is like my baby and then
second channel is more like a stepson
although I do have a reason to hate my
second Channel they made this one a lot
smaller so now my main channel has to be
my favorite there's like no questions to
ask anywhere I've just ran out that is
exactly why I don't do too many Q&A s
because the questions have become very
very similar to each other majority the
questions are the same as previous Q&A s
so I don't want to do the same things of
you know how the sidemen Matt I even did
I even did a Q&A that was the most asked
questions which were like how we met how
I got the name mini mincer etc etcetera
so I'm gonna ask you now I'm not gonna
put this on Twitter I'm gonna just say
now to everyone watching hashtag
creative Mincy that is the hashtag on
Twitter tweet me
skits okay they can be raps ammonium do
one if I do one I don't know when it
will be out prank someone we're gonna
prank JJ today normally we put this
somewhere in his room and then when he
opens doors you know it scares him but
this time I think it's expecting it now
so I'm gonna try something else we've
given him a new surprise
so work now March here I'll just play no
voice for reforming might want to check
that muttering hey thanks why did Simon
send a message
hey buddy check your cupboard I swear to
God if it's another car might want to
check out the app I know I call
there's nothing here tomorrow Simon hey
captain Tom will you place yes go ever
again mMmmm no I don't know maybe I
actually quite enjoyed it so probably
let's go deep into a world only we can
see on a scale of one to ten how happy
would you be to shoot a deer Ryan video
with nigahiga since he's your favorite
youtuber and he knows he knows I did
that man you don't know that's like
bucket list man that's like meeting
Eminem meeting Will Smith meeting David
Beckham solving a Rubik's Cube doing a
ghost poo flying first class on Emirates
you know the usual stuff let me just say
dear Ryan that's all I want to do do you
Ryan and yeah that's it so thank you
guys watching yes I have been to the gym
stop saying that I have it thank you
guys for watching
you got games on your phone
where are my ears
