your guys's going on and welcome to how
to be me apparently this is how to be
mini mentor this is a video that I got
tweeted I asked for you guys to tweet me
some videos to react to yeah this is
this is what came out of it I don't
really know what I'm doing right now but
there we go all right how to be mini
mentor Hey okay
ah mic isn't that bad is it just to
clear it out I'm not taking the piss out
of this guy I know he actually did say
some very nice things in the description
but I have to react to this now this
video it's titled how to be mini mentor
yeah so let's go now as we know guys any
mentor is very good at all right what is
this okay there's some nice nice little
theatrical music nice ankles make
appreciate those ankles bad boy angle
what those shoes though they are ugly
all right now now do something do
something we get it we don't do this I
do not do this
this bear be amazing what is that safe
leave really all of that to not even be
wearing a Leeds top plane or what there
we go now we got the lead show on the
weirdest part is I think I've planned to
do a video in a car park and he's
actually ahead of me all right let's do
this then go on let's see this come on
then let's steer hi this is a long
build-up it's gonna be amazing
ready no wait wait what shit not did you
see that shit just goes on it
jokes and puns in this video yes so step
number two you just have to do many
jokes and puns in your videos hey Simon
50 what many jokes and puns many war
many jokes and puns many jokes many
jokes many jokes what type of shoes do
pedophiles where I guess you could say
white vans hey I would not make jokes
like that okay man because I didn't
think of it but secondly do cuz no
that's why I just can think of it now
shut number three right obviously have
to play a lot of games you have to play
fifa you have to play GTA meant many of
those games and technically mmm seven
games alright let's see that was just
that was an alibi that wasn't a LeBron
the front of that packet that is ag√ºero
I say alibi because alle bruise on the
front of the pack hence an alibi pack so
bad pack again honestly if that's like
the impression you get that it's just
bad packs of the bad packs what why do
why do people watch them maybe just
quite bad boy only wish II just gonna
sit like this for the rest of the video
so you can't see my muscle any shame so
while doing the
so let's watch big big big big big big
big big big well shit do you ever feel
like breaking down clear this up I
didn't shit myself okay
people wish is the most unflattering
pictures it's always mid talks it's
always like I am really really white
anything else is there gonna be anything
else okay pretty well apparently that's
hard to be me that's another one guys
you need to have red hair now I don't
have any red dye know what don't you
need to have red hair no you don't
that's the simple shit no no closest to
record no that's a frisbee what is a
bowl you have a bowl on your head be
good at making people laugh I guess um
I'll take that I'll take that so I've
just been summed up by having red hair
and making people laugh I'm done I'm
done with the internet for today
that's all for the day thank you guys
watching and see what's going on guys
welcome to a new football game this is
just a demo of the game though but PES
2017 demo looking at I was looking for
purple that's what W play this yet you
have you have I know you I haven't laid
a Germany
so you oh yeah I haven't all right so
team choices how do you undo this I like
Barcelona you know what
