what's going on guys welcome to a new
football game this is just a demo of the
game though but has 2017 demo looking at
hosting approvable
W play this yet you have you have I know
you I haven't laid a Germany see you oh
yeah I haven't all right
so team choices out how do you undo this
I like Barcelona you know what I'm gonna
I'm gonna pick your team and you can
pick my team oh dude this is looking
bottom freakin happen okay baby you
can't choose those four okay no see I
see are okay yeah yeah you know what a
piece that was gonna be Germany nearly
bronze all right international give me a
bit of work me a bit of no I don't want
it
yeah give me a bit um tivity on things I
wasn't taking on face fat on my pitch
how it is you know what I'm saying you
know what well I'm taking a pie it just
because of evening nothing's really done
Mario Gomez it's not about the team's
about player yeah I agree
it's a very nitrogen bar i'm-i'm-i'm our
cousin Lou oh well you know what neutral
ground it's Francis ground vivillon new
day camp in camp and camp I don't know
nice to start the game man for taco
salad hi really are you stretching would
you mean you don't strap why I would say
like okay you want to see like this no
matter does it
wait a second I am on the wrong spring
control okay this is right this is good
hello hello Joshua how are you I can
tell someone's playing a little bit of
this my thick German is our spot why is
it go see on the motorway said our spot
on my way no exit is is the tires gang
oh yeah I'm game I'll spec I'm not
asking I'll scan yet again it's ours
gang Al's going Australia game of shit
there's four house part I think that's
with cards you know my favorite German
phrases get fucked Oh
don't praise right it's rubaba marmolada
it's rhubarb jam great save great save
mate this is great great defending look
at this counter attacking run counter
attacking football no no no no no my way
up
hello no I have a tire okay wrong one
it's crossed
oh no I here we go
wait what how is this done hello yeah do
me for us there's a Gaza Funko dumb one
no one is over it's over Josh it's over
I'm walking over there I do that that's
what Harry doesn't he wins maybe forever
huh no I don't do it don't do it
oh wow I'm so angry girl by the tactic
of this game already on my game on now
bro what the game was always on i've
white feel impossible to play we black
screen pop you send your mother so you
can see black beans racist it's
happening in trapped bear I lived in the
trap all the nice switch there are CMV
nano fashion really if it was he going
to play you and you were better
oh my god oh no no no I'm stop going to
great boy come on this is this your last
chance this is your last chance you try
we try skills
I did try new skills I need two skills
and they stopped me so is that sound
good at all as to think would say say
yeah me okay troll yeah you have a
possession but shots game on it's time
to pull out some skill oh I meant for me
hello hello hello trio mellow cheeky I
let's go let's go Eggman stitch out with
Germany you know it's good if you should
well you know you should have chosen a
worse team for me big tackle I
what's a time we get you know that's a
great channel in a shocking break toys
legs in it
why big tackle oh here we go do we got
up up turn back hello
ah that yeah so perfect cross look at
that look at that clear the shit he
wasn't even there the girls in their
duty I'm target I told she was a good
cross trying to go if it was a good
cross move like the wind I just failed
you badly
all right on site on site hello hello
look out for work
get the fuck off me not good enough
that's a great bull that's a great bull
ride what are we gonna do here
we got a turn back we pass it to the
edge and then lay him off pause it back
to him and then BOOM
wait wait wait no was that Matsui D was
it was it the legend I think what a load
of old cow say it was can take 18
minutes left
I don't like Germany I think Franz are
really good on this game and Barcelona
was very good what's the flesh for Viper
who this hello hello hello what client
is one for me game oh no Nick I just
forgot goo ball what of that balance
that is mister though he's missed it
John Zach that was you that was a chance
okay come on kiss kiss no no no no no no
no no no no why he nearly like went in
the goal it's over watch me finish this
which we whip watch me nae nae watch me
nae nae
what what what what that's a new tactic
what happens
oh my god where'd you like that I'm oh
no I've seen that are you serious
where is my face
Yeah right negative it it is done feel
across right that is the PES 2017 demo
we are now going to go play another game
on josh's channel which you can check
out in the description be sure to
subscribe while you're over there thank
you guys watching and see it's not what
you think
my drop my jaw but obviously how can I
do this seriously my dry period okay
this this isn't about sex okay I mean
yes it is kind of I mean I am wearing
these trousers I mean these are kind of
no instant women repellers but my dry
period is
