okay guys so today actually I'm
recording this intro right after
everything but today in this vlog gonna
be quite football based because what I
am doing today I work I did it yesterday
yesterday I went to the twitch kappa car
basically it's like a tournament where
it's the side medley team twitch we play
games of FIFA and then we play a game of
football and the school's kind of like
add together to decide who wins nobody
explain too much more because I
explained it in the vlog also not only
are you seeing a football match so you
know you get to see me with my skills
how I did a video with Louisville soccer
the other day which I will leave a link
to in the description below us is a
video on a channel called GB TV which
I'll leave a link to in the description
below as well we tried to recreate some
famous goals that have happened like the
Dan's incredible volley so I mean you
can guess how it went
and then the penalty shootout on GB TV
so yeah make sure you check out both of
those videos because you know they're
football videos that aren't on my
channel but I'm in so I want you guys to
see them yeah onto the twitch kappa come
I day - and look what this guy is
wearing you bastard just to rub it in
yeah this is good constant reminder that
you beat me in a bet all thanks that no
not you gather nope thanks to you we're
playing the match now it's the sidemen
beat which and if I score this right now
we're gonna win Bateson with the dream
team figured out how to do hunting we
will go he's the founder I've not taken
a serious today we're going to be
watching a five-a-side football game
between the sidemen and team twitch now
the sidemen took the spores of it all 75
was the end result giving them a two
goal leave so on the aggregate score it
will be 75 to the side now I'm here with
Simon well yesterday you guys won the
FIFA competition 7-5 that was master I'm
just hoping that they don't surprise us
here we're gonna get very much ready for
these two boys while these two teams to
get started in the match on Twitch of
it's slow to react here is a sideman of
pouring forward in their numbers simon
burst down the left
oh that's audacious
Chu is straight through route 1 football
taps it round can't find the girl
and again wanna say from Josh does it
keep her giving it the rest giving it
the rest giving it alright just about
works out Simon with a shot low driven
and there you go
the Simon restore Toby and acres of
space to do what you want lace it hook
to Simon keeps it going - with the flick
can't find the net parky prog distance
gets a goal on the board husband say man
of the metro now dive into another world
- one slide stops ago once I kicked on
not no nonsense choose one that one
basins got the call to come out it's too
late and two converts there is a
breakaway that told me simple as you
like reeling for you the Simon of
regular football players as it used to
scorn as if you wizzy has just come
forward from the goalkeeping position of
scored you just scored another one
suddenly side meant killing that
momentum that's built up from teen
twitch Simon picks up goes for the back
here my goodness to win that one in here
- oh wow what was that he's got a few
challenges in them all Toby's going all
the way o at maverick gets on the score
sheet and there you go full-time
have won the game it might have been ten
towards the end we pulled away again
they got it was roughly seven 675 time
for another I said I was gonna do this
one next episode next episode next block
okay this is a random mess of stuff but
there we go scraps caught first okay I
didn't win next one okay for some reason
there's a load of forks a hundred of
them to be precise don't really know
what I meant to do with that so I don't
know if this was meant to be in there by
the way but I'm gonna go look at it off
camera and see what it is it could be
anything
this might not even be meant for this it
might just be one of my old USBs or some
things got three Laffy Taffy's in this
box and i let up as you can't read what
it says it look it looks really cool
don't get me wrong but I can't read it I
thought you might want to have a wall of
youtubers they inspired you to do
YouTube obviously one person would have
to start this possible trend so I
thought that could be me
it says sig sig it - lies sick sick it's
a lie
sit I don't know how to pronounce is I
think ci Gita Li ze I feel like this is
gonna be like a painting or something
and now I don't want to put pressure on
the person that did this
but the Simon best youtuber okay I mean
I'll take is the great thing I mean oh
wait Matt oh okay wait no it says oh oh
my god okay so it says lots of
compliments wow that's amazing that's
actually sick oh this is my favorite
thing PPS here's a mustache for your
troubles and then there's a little
mustache that's so random but I was from
Jenna so thank you very much Jenna as I
said there is more pot I'm going to go
through that next time and Emillio
through some of the letters off-camera
but I'm kind of pointing the thing down
my crotch but anyway yeah that's all I'm
gonna do today for the P oh what's
opening you know I just go through a
little bit each time cuz I don't I don't
want to do a whole video based on pure
box opening so I'm just gonna you know
slowly roll through it in the vlogs so
you know some of you don't like it so I
kind of just threw a little bit in so if
you don't like it you're not watching
the whole video of it so everyone has
been tweeting me that I'm in YouTube
rewind and I'm not allowed you guys I
know because obviously I filmed
something for it so um yeah I'm
basically gonna react to a little bit I
it's a YouTube rewind 2017 I'm not gonna
lie to you guys
you should rewind to me used to be so
sick like I used to watch it and be like
this is incredible it's kind of gone
down oh I saw JJ already I can't see JJ
I miss the boy is the boy Jay King
now I've come earlier because you know
copyright music and stuff I'm gonna do
talking about this one for too long
either
I'm Kristin oh okay no yeah that part is
perfect for changing you've got a good
part
you got a great part so pain okay carry
on I need to cut because the copyright
music again come on YouTube give me
something I can work with that's the boy
that boy top left you see that jawline
that immaculate jawline that's Lachlan
if you don't know Lachlan I can't help
you no I mean yeah just type Lachlan
he'll come up
that's Lachlan the Australian boy oh I
think this is it this is the
it is it because if you look closely
right here that's Harry with this belly
out the Kim that is not a sexy image
that is a big-ass belly hairy men hit
the gym oh oh oh
anyway anyone there no no none of us
there I think next the next bit there we
go boom boom it's your boy I'm right in
the middle you see me me and Toby
overlapping right there
Ethan's al is a bit more sassy you know
he's more like this everyone else is
like that we've got a Vic Simon Toby
Ethan to know why sitting in the third
person
Harry Josh it's just JJ JJ with us I
mean I'm I'm very getting to be fair
okay as much time as possible so I'm
pointed out let ask me that I want in
them horrible gold shoes they're not
mine okay
they're not my shoes this Josh again I
think that's US done oh oh I see Jesse
Oh Marcus that's dead she does Marcus
sorry love dunno Jana a classic ditch
classic dude
Oh sim there is there's frizzy and
there's mark is the dead G again fuck
dirty Saul I'm saved I think that's all
my friends that are in YouTube rewind we
made it
this year we made it let me go a bit
with Logan - Jake Paul which yeah I mean
backpack get the backpack hit the switch
risk it
I don't do it but you know what I mean
you don't know what I mean look up
backpack kids alright
thumbnail take Paulo go easy done I'm
not gonna do that I'm not a cow frizzy
hey look here it is this is the swish
boom that's it anyway I think I'm done
here yeah that many minutes are right
next to Sniper Wolf
anyways that's YouTube rewind 2017 thank
you guys to give me in that now and now
that I've done that I feel like I've
achieved it I can I can sit back and not
be in the next one I've completed it
I've completed YouTube rewind I mean
obviously there is still though you know
get a big pot like JJ's and I do aspire
to that but I mean I'm happy I've made
onto that that's a bucket list so thank
you guys because this is upset it's not
technically up to you guys but without
you guys it wouldn't have happened so
yeah love thank you
