Toby gets the punch all of you now and
merit Gamescom in Germany everyone to
see it the gang gang gang
okay anyway yeah we're in Germany for
games comes this is my fifth year in a
row this is your fourth year Marin and
Tom let's go this is the first day
depressants the first day Press reported
for a day headed over to DEA booth and
there
I'm going to go meet Victor plan out
well Rally Championship I think it is
f/64 charge
oh my god this is over yesterday and
that people said I look like him that
looks like Manny that literally Oh
milord Spencer who does that look like
it was a really life
Castro
casters go a little curly muster we're
going to say hi to Castro today okay
still cool over 78 it's Castro my
favorite guy I'm jealous of your monster
in at my new - yeah absolutely you know
I'm taking another pic Sunday's good
thinking a new picture has to be a
better picture and it's gonna look no it
has to be worse that's even more blurry
and even worse I
I'm headed to play World Rally
Championship I think there's gonna be a
video on my second channel which you can
check out description you know know the
drill I think it's just me I know Vic's
doing one as well but we're not we're
like racing times against each other but
not racing each other you get what I
mean
I'm gonna go this way twelve seconds
later alright so we have now finished
mixed turn now he's gonna go he's gonna
go try it real quick
well hopefully not only zero and
crashing real quick all right so we have
just played WRC six and it was really
good there's gonna be a second televideo
as I said then we've just done some
meetings for upper sorry I know you're
sure like who doesn't meet things for
upload as well the event which hopefully
you guys yeah hope you guys all know
about it by now now we are headed to the
YouTube booth to
stop the YouTube stuff that's the only
way to explain it it's our home we're
headed into the mysterious box you ready
interns ready
this is I don't know what's in here
there's this stuff okay look who we have
we have little lucky me
a different title first day at Gamescom
is done and I am now headed back to the
hotel I don't know where everyone else's
I think they're already at the hotel
waiting for me to leave the quarters
because I little shot anyway yeah they
were waiting for me to leave so that we
can go to the youtube gaming party which
is a place called like Goldfinger or
something I can't not laugh doing that I
have four minutes to change and leave
and I'm about 10 minutes walk away and
we're headed out I am back at the hotel
what everyone is waiting for me
downstairs and I am going to the YouTube
party I'm not gonna be that guy with the
camera I might put out my phone and log
or like get some cinematics or something
but realistically I will see you guys
back in here this is a lot of time away
from you - you know this holiday is it's
doing YouTube based because you know
it's a Ryan Gamescom stuff but the
parties are you know away from that
they're not for YouTube's eyes it makes
it sound like it's some like orgy or
something you know I mean it's just I
don't I don't be that guy other people
can be that guy okay I'm gonna end the
day here until I even get back or
tomorrow morning and I will speak to you
then as you can see by that I am very
late I just woke up well I woke up about
an hour ago had sorts of stuff after
this blows off so I'll try and find
everyone else but I've only got two
hours left
by day two of games for one day three
day three of Gamescom is done and I
didn't throw anything really because I
was there for about an hour and a half
I played the new Star Wars game no
virtual reality it is sick now we're
going to go get food and at the same
height is just a little purple coat not
nice shoe so menu swinging from the or
you - what are they nice trainers they a
garlic mustard hidden but yeah we're now
headed back we're gonna get some food
and then we're gonna try and annoy JD as
much as possible by again to the one
place that he hates such as a certain
bar who's ready to go to the same bar we
go to all the time now I want to go
island gym one of those days casually
playing Pokemon high nap right and flush
that is an appendage the pampers YouTube
documentary so I can stand him out a
swag clutch what a fucking woman good
good me clutching D she's just fighting
the same gym then you don't get been
here for a solid I know time is just
passing and he's every time every time a
killer photo come on Toby I need you to
add a Pokemon on alright it's been about
five to ten minutes and we finally
taking it over to eat out and also after
American goalkeeper the few lives I feel
like oh yeah good morning it is the
final day when I said the plan of day I
mean the day where I should leaving I
didn't vlog any army yesterday well I
did but I did it live which is what was
up yesterday I know I know I left out I
said I wasn't to leave up in the video
actually the reason I did was basically
this models may be having yesterday but
I kind of thought you know I want to try
the new feature that was live streaming
and also didn't have a video ready so
it's kind of like you know what I'll
just a live blog and I'll let you guys
watch it
if people don't want to see it I will
take it down when I'm all privately
however but it seems to have gone down
one so I thought I'd try something
different once this rules obviously
you're not today
or at least I hope it has dubois way
it's gone up today was he but I hoped
it's gone up the day that I've got back
I'm actually going to the airport
now and swore my suitcase done yeah that
is James Cole I haven't actually blog
too much because I just kind of used
this as a little getaway from YouTube
but yeah it's been it's been fun let's
move on now I'm heading back we are
going to have to edit some videos
straight away basically the videos I've
got planned and really turn out this is
gonna be on Friday and I didn't have any
time to edit and then I have a different
video on Saturday but that video
basically I haven't finished it I'm just
waiting for like one or two more files
and then it'll be out so now it's time
to get to the airport let's go
ad Mahone ah he's a London trip but Rio
back is moving the long trip it's like
four days but uh yeah what quick thing I
think that uh yeah you'll know soon
you'll know soon what that is so that is
all for games come I was gonna actually
try and get two rules that game combo
yeah I did the livestream yesterday as I
said earlier that's gonna be it for me
today sorry if this wasn't as good as a
normal games come blog but this time I
really needed to just not have a camera
with me 24/7 so I'm gonna end this there
thank you guys for watching hope you
guys have a good day and saw actually
setup video very soon
look it's actually tidied it's tidied
for once thank us watching and see
