I was trying to think of the most random
thing I could do but turns out doing
nothing is the most random yeah this is
the most random drop basically this is
how it's gonna work
I have asked Toby to give me positions
in the 433 holding formation in a random
order I am going to have to try and read
what position he's thinking choose it
then listen to one position he says and
whatever player I have chosen has to
play in the position he said confusing
right so 433 holding I don't really know
how this one works
okay well I think I just have to choose
one and then he will have to say the
position they have to play I am either
gonna take our danny galvers or moderate
i'm gonna take a dani alves now i've not
listen to what Tobias sense that this
could be anything
okay position 1 Dani Alves is gonna be
playing in CDM fucksake much it should
actually work just thought about this
and this isn't really gonna work as it
you know what we're still gonna do it I
think he's gonna choose right-wing mix
so we're gonna choose this player now
and this player I'm gonna choose a
DeMaria what position is d Marija
playing in striker ok
could be worse I next up definitely left
back I'm just remembering these
positions left back he will he'll
definitely choose left back Philippe
Louise you're staying in left back
really left back I actually can't
believe I got that I feel like I was too
predictably the CDM striker there and
now be a center / and we will get a
masher ah no matter honor you stay in
there aren't you
right sentiment oh okay right so the mid
it's not too bad he might link and if
she's a right center back yeah we use a
brand right said about please Dobie
goalkeeper
oh shit for anthing go
I've basically decided that I had 11
positions he had 11 positions and we're
just gonna have to mix them now so I'm
gonna go with my goalkeeper and this
person is gonna be playing in the
position that he says now so I know he's
looking being gold so I may as well
choose like I guess we'll go with him
Oh black is gonna be playing right wing
right wing well for anthing gold I'm
gonna go with a center mid and hope that
you choose tonight I'm gonna take a
Matsui D and I hope that you will link
with the goalkeeper for our next
position is right in a bit right-center
back okay that's fine I think I've got
less than about left-center mid and left
winger and right back
you know what we're gonna go send a mid
and a hope that it's a right back I
guess oh no none of them are gonna link
screw it laughs and go for it mate left
center bet oh fuck well this is
definitely gonna be what Toby chooses us
right back so we are gonna take none of
them really fit I mean I don't even have
this is the right position but I guess
we choose a catcher react where's he
playing Toby left-wing are you really
screwing me over here aren't you so I
think I've got left centimeter right
bailiff I know this is damn very
confusing but this player is we're just
taking her an hour I don't care where
you plant Toby just tell me right back
there you go the final players get to be
that striker which is going to be
playing less than a bit d Maria's gonna
swap over so I can actually think about
this one okay I mean I could go like a
zip go go a gwine cuz they're gonna swap
over he'll still live with D Muriel's
living the measure on Oh Toby let's do
the final position listen to me there we
go Oh No
right we're just gonna also complete the
rest of the score let's see what
happening on me whatever you want that
is a horrible bench I'm choosing my own
manager okay cuz I need some form of
chemistry screw it let's just get the
print guards must be can we got an 89
rated draft 29 can add in rule okay I've
just added this now if I go three nail
down or I am Lu
thing weaved 20 minutes left I'm allowed
to bring on one or two players wait a
second he should be should be there I'm
sorry I'm sorry I don't mean to cheat we
don't have 29 chem fuck
I let me see yours let me see a deck a
one eight eight that's the right team I
guess what am I saying I have a freakin
four ranning goal I don't really know
who my danger player is here so yeah oh
oh he's not marking me up he's not
there's not marking me here Oh God ref
thank you okay come on run please right
back for now though right back for now
don't put the top right bang I'm winning
with this team let's go let's go good
turn in - oh it's a goalie a black good
like just Gordon how is he gonna let my
goalkeeper right-winger school a black
so forget oh my god he's actually sick
you know what drill it in ah
good effort he almost got an assist
there come on eat Wayne I actually have
a striker on the ball in an attacking
position and he's done one he's done one
he's done - and he finesses awfully good
do berea I actually have a good play on
the ball I have a good play on the ball
and I near post that was not anything I
can score with a goalkeeper by cos
Quintino in a good position there we go
three nil up there it is half-time three
nil up with this team and deserved as
well feel like this should be a test
whether you should have to quit FIFA or
not this guy shouldn't be allowed to
play for you until the new one comes out
i what do i do from here I keep
forgetting I have a silver player on the
pitch all right we could use you know
what we's do Maria we can have a little
Fang that you just got axed little one
over the wall there it is please just
quit just just move along move along man
there we go
see you later round two what's game to
play in store for oh there's so many
pretty colors that's another 100 camp
you have a chance no no we don't know we
don't know no it's over okay well we
have a challenge at least this game this
is really difficult right about now
look at uncle oh no you get you always
turn it we know you're turning it that
is what I mean about having four anning
go whoa finished
zoom a real you are not big wine oh my
god you poked your Botox glares DeMaria
you're a right-winger why you doing that
touch I almost want him to score so I
can change things about because at the
moment oh no no no no like and there's a
goal okay three no and I can change it I
said I almost wanted to school I
actually like fully going in right for
an that are you serious I can't change
what goalkeeper I guess that's changing
form and under that's one of my subs
gone I guess that I have to do for now
no okay I need one more one more I just
realized that I have last and still
playing center back well what are you
serious my substant even safe don't
really know what I'm doing but I need to
make sure that I do it there you go
hi the subs have been made and now we
can begin effort towards the combat
regroup and re-energize return to
energise it's like that old laser quays
again asleep later I've only had one
shot I would good now we're good we're
good here we go is another girl we up
just keep going just keep running down
the line kick come on Mascherano nice
where's oh oh oh oh oh you smelly goon
closet my sweetie
smushy goes no stop blocking everything
oh oh oh oh oh oh that's one that's what
we're back there Wiggy get the gold okay
we're actually starting to get some
little pressure now out wide Cristiano
Kristiana okay now i'm
I didn't mean to shoot I honestly okay
one more goal guys one more yeah I see
that part I see the passes through that
pass as well keeps he does oh oh that's
it game over game over this is his final
chart and get back keeps keeps there we
go game over don't rub it in don't rub
it
don't rub it in can we get one more over
that okay I might not got there but
we're out anyway
oh the Pats why why do why do I show the
packs why do I bother putting these in
there's just I'm not okay we get the
repetition from from 5k pack a racket it
isn't too bad if we bet in this pack in
this place is seven and a half K pack
ready we get nothing and then a stupid
shitty silver pack which just silver
players pack that's all for the
randomizer Thank You Toby for sending in
that the randomizations thank you guys
for watching and see we're back here
so this is 20 painful questions
