I am late so we are headed to something
be a Toby we're going to this I have to
see what the game we are running very
late not only was I late to meet Toby
with an hour late for this we have 18
minutes until kickoff and the train
arrives about five minutes past kick or
so
yeah the reason why I should go in is
because for a football match one of the
charities that we donate to with safe
foundation which is Southampton so in
charity we are presenting the cheque we
actually manage different for the game
but that's not helping out because we're
late
so I think we're just going to be doing
it Peter after the game or a sparkling
in the tunnel I don't know who I want to
win son of that's bad because we're
going with silence and
football is the real with the referee
the fourth additional come up all the
fish work cinematic that music see you
sad
sighs you can see by that it is three
minutes past 3:00 so the game it's
freezing it it already and we're like 10
minutes away so he literally just said
two years ago it's gonna be like three
nil before you together and then there
won't be any more gold it's already one
nail to what post 39 minutes limit
everyone in any game for their you don't
know and that is mini game last time I
was here scored a hat-trick Toby just
throw me goggles I got your assist buddy
got it thank you yes yes yeah yeah yeah
a boat okay
I did hit it but yeah I just punch that
I don't think we can go in there then
they got the wrong game they say we cut
the wrong day this is a this is a
practice I we made it and it's color
but the flu could not be never alone
lunch thank you
hahaha
is actually fun even either we saw one
of the girls
things like
the checks are mone think so
good idea endemic
you can come pick killer 12 seconds
later just that that's where you school
uses that's what that's actually there
three times there no no I'm putting off
with ya ha way like chills around the
sort of to else our own house Aaron hot
animal and uh pretty much on my
hungriness
food food when home there's been a very
quick day so what happened so far
because I woke up sir okay you forgive
him yet I gave you straight away my
awesome huh
okay not gonna forgive that price we've
left the stadium now we're about to go
back home and yeah this is we're
watching the real match right now
we are at Victoria Station headed home
to record we would have stayed out for a
bit longer but uh
got videos to do anyways I would have a
full camera on the train but there was
no sleep and some poor it's stuck
there's a toilet that just absolutely
breathe
and back at the o2 and as you can see it
is dark as hell because I left at like
11:30 that dark ally okay I left there
like 11th day I think it's 9 o'clock
right now but basically I am now heading
home to record some videos very soon I'm
headed to Germany for games from we got
every year it's like me Toby Josh JJ
bangs etc there's loads of people that
are going means I need to get a head on
videos so I'm not sure how long this
video will be but there's something a
couple other things I wanted to say but
I need to remember what they are
Oh
and I'm home and I'm starving I like the
sandwich on the traitors name belies
about it and without any food changes
eating my food so I got an itch you have
no food in this house I have a baby girl
that is this that is my food from today
everybody's comments that they want me
to do like a cooking video or something
but I don't know how that would even
work I mean if you guys want me to do
that then let me know what you want me
to cook cuz this is dark as hell let me
know what you want me to cook but I have
also played this room for a video I want
to do so this room I want to do a little
like indoor football video and Manny
soon so hopefully yeah that's not what I
was clear to daily and then this is
another idea I want to do so yeah that's
a couple of sneak previews to a couple
videos I want to do is anyone home Vic
nope no one at all this home you know
what that means no one's home ha ha only
kidding but I do actually love that so
oh yeah you're probably wondering why
there's that bin there basically that
I'm getting really off topic
yeah I'm not actually what your Pokemon
again I just you know wanted to make a
joke basically that bin there you can
see it's dented on this edge see how it
does that I've got a very very odd video
that's the only way to describe it with
record going out probably sometime this
week later on maybe the weekend it is
very very weird again I guess some of
you won't like it but for me it was one
of the funniest videos I've ever done in
my life and those guys wrecker anchor
I'll leave a link to their channel in
the description for this video go check
them out before so you know what you're
preparing yourself for basically the
backpack Toby was using today it was the
is the new backpack so I been clothing
so yeah there's a link of that in the
description as well that came out like
whenever I record this video so Sunday
Saturday Saturday also my setup I know I
know I know I know
firstly that's a mess secondly it will
be changing within a week or two weeks
max so please stop asking where the
setup video is I don't really know what
to do right now I don't know why I just
got up but I
I'm uh Lu the park what is that thanks
grim I would have blogged one more
basically I was meant to be at Waterloo
at five past twelve I was gonna get the
five past twelve train
I woke up at half 11 and left at ten
past twelve I also fell asleep on the
train on the way this ho I couldn't even
block then also just when I say very
very quickly thank you very much to
sudden sand for everything and since I -
as well firstly for today secondly just
for the entire you know football event
let's just hope there's more who knows
where who knows when who knows what
except football you know whatever you
know yeah I think I'm so bad at this let
me know if you want me to do I like a
cooking video or something and if you do
want me to do what you want me to cook
that's all today thank you guys for
watching and
