what you want for me I'll tell you what
they mean no Simon this is a serious
video game series video so if you guys
follow me Josh Toby Vick or JJ you
didn't notice that we tweeted out some
dates now we have been a little bit
mysterious with these dates and and
we've never actually said what they are
the other thing you may have noticed is
we haven't really been to any other
events for quite a while these things
fit together and if you haven't filled
out by now we are running our own event
as I said earlier it's me Josh JJ Toby
and Vic we created this event called
upload now if you had seen the dates you
will know that we tweeted them and
teased them quite a long time ago that's
because we've taken so much time with
this and planned everything out we took
feedback from other events from
youtubers fans people who just attended
it and we basically tries to create our
own event that incorporates all that
feedback just to create the best
possible event as it is being made by
youtubers it's gonna also be for
youtubers so we're gonna have a website
up that will have all the youtubers that
will be attending you can find that
website right now in the description
over the next few weeks there will be
more guests added there will be a
schedule added there'll be more
information everything added so we stuff
to do there we like panels for youtubers
maybe the sidemen shop with exclusive
much you know everything that you want
are that kind of event now there will be
a limited amount of VIP tickets as well
which you can find out what that
includes on the website it'll be stuff
like you know guaranteed me increases
certain people or extra stuff or merch
anything like that you can see all that
on the website now this is the most
important part okay
the event is the 11th and 12th of
November that's a Saturday and Sunday so
close it is the 12th and 13th Symonds
the 12th and 13th the Saturday and
Sunday okay those are the days you need
to know tobacco dock which is like Mid
East London I think like that kind of
area I don't wanna say East and then
people it needs to like that's not East
you know what I mean anyway you can find
out that on the website tickets will be
released Friday the 19th of August 6:00
p.m. so don't say we're not giving you
warning because we are telling you right
now that is exactly when they will go
live I'm telling you this because the
tickets are limited because we want to
insure everyone that goes has the best
possible time so 6:00 p.m. so they might
sell out quite quick and I'm sorry if
you don't get one but I'm telling you
now that is also UK time remember
so that's pretty much it for the event
now I know a lot of you are gonna be
like well that was a boring video but
I'm genuinely very excited about this
because we've never done anything like
this you know we've been to events but
this is this is us this is ours so if
you guys do want to come along be sure
to check out the website in the
description as I said tickets next
Friday Friday the 19th at 6 p.m. is that
tobacco dock in London ok that's what
you need to remember and beforehand this
I just wanted to add a quick aside now
get it inside sidemen ok I just want to
thank everyone on the support with the
Seidman book because it's doing
incredible much better than we ever
thought it would if you haven't had a
chance to check it out make sure you do
in the description I'll leave another
link to that as well we've worked a long
time on that as well you know we've held
the finished book and it looks really
good that it's actually saying we're
really proud of I mean hopefully the
event will be the same but that's that's
all I wanted to say if you guys check
out the book check out the event that's
it really thank you guys thanks thanks
for making all of this possible and hope
let's hope that the event is incredible
let's hope that you all enjoy the book
then you guys watch a thing for all the
continuous support for me and all the
other guys and yeah thank you guys for
watching see we're back here
so this is 20 painful questions
basically I'm gonna be sitting in here
doesn't gonna be all me questions I have
two answers I just have to answer 20 of
them that's it it's kind of like cat's
belly
