young castles going on and welcome to
something which I mentioned in a video
quite a while ago I do have some smart
friends like Vic or Jay Josh Josh
as I said I have some smart friends
including big as you are the smartest in
the sidemen based on results of things
they've that only applied to really so
we are going to be playing the horror
lower game my record last time was 15
that sounds that sounds easy but there
are some there are some curveballs
anything sounds good though it's alright
but everyone apparently tweeted me much
higher scores and they have unlimited
time that's very true okay so the horror
lower game okay it should start off
quite easy I've never done this so cos
your number so 550 so archery do you
think it has higher Scott anymore cuz
it's a thing people actually do are you
sure you can I don't break it must yeah
it must do because it's for it because
Stonehenge is like only people in the UK
would look for archery that everyone
does archery oh now you understand
hey now you and I stand a bay I got down
up again celebrities are normally search
more things to do at search less so yeah
electrician I thought this I I think
this should be a lot I think I'll be a
lot because that what do you do when you
want to get like an you Google
electrician but at the same time it
doesn't always well I think most people
bring me here to stretch me out I'm just
explaining how this works you know okay
okay I think I think his lover
they'll look oh yeah I'm millions a lot
that is I'm not really eyes a lot of
people said yeah the function we go the
back oh yeah okay good I've got my mojo
I was no doubt libraries loads Xavier I
forgot it no God it was there we go 2.79
hey Oh Kobe Bryant was such more than
erectile dysfunction I don't I want to
say laughs I feel like Super Bowl the
tongue all the American people sit and
watch on TV is not really something very
hard that's true I've been telling you
watched online I'm I'm I'm feeling lower
look that reason I'm thinking about the
same as a reptile dysfunction
yeah that counts how could it was even
right you know my home's gonna be long
I hope this yeah man yeah yeah for the
sake of humanity
please be lower okay the same as a
wrecked our dysfunction may be twerking
one whole answer
talk to assumption is that erectile
dysfunction you should get a video
someone to working maybe a hell yeah I
want to go lower yeah but I definitely
go lower
I'm thinking like 270 or something 450
Oh what it was the same as Kobe Bryant
in the Super Bowl I don't get it I don't
get it okay he's a well-known author but
yeah Google in last turn last please
yeah date has gotta be higher
yeah yeah yeah sorry sorry sorry George
Stormin now how much give us something
I want to go back why yeah girl best
doorman we are still well where's broken
we've only got four so far New Zealand
Dubai was higher yeah and you see them
go friend listen all the Australians go
there on holiday yeah there's a lot of
economists oh yeah it must be must be
hug are you serious are you serious you
know what I'm gonna let you compact
that's me that's nothing like the
average school in 3.2 we've got love
above that once no way it can't be it's
going to Scott anyway sure sure
when it starts going up you hate to be
that guy like you like it search for
less so do I 18,000 oh dear but it's got
me more yeah just anything selling more
than 18,000 not that we're firing shots
at women's right just the Google search
of women's run Goa
I'm gonna lower think how many British
people getting flight to gonna search
this it's true wait we can only assume
the La Trobe
your hope you can own his bloodlust
hi-yah is gonna 6 mil something like
that ah 7.4 okay we're stormy lower yeah
oh yeah we are storming through this
yeah I love the ocean
hi oh yeah but no it's gonna be many our
advice okay give us something ridiculous
now let's go be high yeah give us
something ridiculously high oh my god
I swear 27,000 people go to Coachella
you tell me they ready this they just
went there just buying tickets okay what
we got above the average just okay keep
you guys like ten mil and I'm not know a
lower like down down oh yeah yes I
insist you remain higher a little bit
just oh wow what I want to lower good
cool good Foster's headquarter we know
that yeah you know all about if you just
went a million-in-one so you know that
one person at the time we've done it sir
sure it's a suspense hour
yeah is child marriages it's a real
issue so it's not gonna have many
searches Milan higher yeah oh my god
like Milan has more so you know again
real life real search real issue not
real issue
oh yeah these guys trying to work out
what it is based on British Airways
being so high I want to take this is
higher this is an international hotel
chain I want to say higher yeah I I
wanna I want to be that guy I don't look
oh boy
I've got I'm ready to bite the bullet
all out you know holla tastes please
taste bad no no damn you Hilda doesn't
make sense why more people search for
British Airways than Hills okay we're
back to 11 okay so we're on our way
we're trolling our way through and we're
both saying lower yeah it's another
serious issue so more people don't want
to find out about : okay okay that's
good be higher this is gonna be like 10
mil Barry is she's she's gone off a bit
in G Oh dresses we go lower
I'd go lower get her yeah I love cuz
football was around 3 million wasn't it
I think so yeah
Laur sleep okay Gus 14 I don't know I'm
not Jim nerd do it but I have googled it
if you are then no I'm also Google table
tennis okay
I'm saying I think it's gonna be higher
but not by much fill your heart yeah I'm
letting you do it again but oh I don't
like what like I don't like know the
place tastes like gain Caesar yeah okay
life is beautiful
nice luego one cares yeah am i doing at
my back yeah go for it just when I get
stressed wait wait this is this is
living here we have a beat in it yet
we're beating it alright exchange rate
that's cool I feel high yeah I don't
want to get that class one sibling gets
money Beauty balls again brass key to
point sevens a lot that isn't I really
like him and JJ and those are getting
searched for more than real celebrities
yeah that's the art is your Highland
this moment evening damn your beauty bar
oh my god Oh big youtubers laying us
down alright we're back at ten again and
for some reason we've come back to moobs
that guy look I'm not easy proud proud
is about yonder's I know it's like what
would you rather watch part of the
Caribbean actually ice that's a tough
month is a tough question if he looks
like that looks like a he should be in
part of the Caribbean is the thing that
they called out the sea the Kraken I'm
gonna lose me looks like a slightly
agent big nasty pac-man I'm the I I
gotta be gotta be gotta be sister
goodbye old on position you know this is
lower our trees lower yes sir okay I
want ones that are like two thousand
crik crik crik is gonna be more popular
than archaea there's no doubt oh boy
okay Oh
I want to say hi was it I feel that hi I
feel like yeah I'm going high okay it
tastes good it was the same come on
we meet again it was beyond what we were
okay I feel like I was it was lower yeah
Wow
yeah serious issues or such but there
are wait a second who are they we're
about to get 20 how many is a serious
issue
this is just all were highlighting today
have better health by searching hot
disease I don't know if it works like
that though Oh Harry stars his face I
was about to say one could cause nothing
but that would be a bit hard how much
time scourges hard oh yes whoa oh oh
that could be I I think it's one of
those things that you think it's googled
more than it is
yeah there's lower could still be like
70k or something I think yeah that's it
like until our oh wow we are sliding
this everyone higher higher higher so on
that for milk boy boy I knows it Oh like
I could get a glass yeah okay like maybe
like one meal but wow I guess I mean
came out long they're at war tire
serious issue you're gonna be lower
issue high and high it's a place and
there's a place oh not like much more
fostering please study yes
oh my Colossus of Rhodes I'm gonna hit
lower now fine we're on a single use one
G's roll oh I'm gonna say hi everyone
getting that count 20 way funny yeah not
8080 brace enough oh the affair website
isn't it I reckon that I search defender
yeah it's actually didn't isn't that the
one over hats personal news as well yeah
let's go higher it could be very easy on
us don't cheat on this game high 33
cheap flat all I've such that Oh what I
don't think
actually yeah I don't think it is I
think it's like round magnitude okay mom
yeah come on please what finished 33 is
we're in the talkin 1% so when I did it
on my own I or 15 I saw a lot of people
tweet me and they all sent around 20 to
30 you know I didn't really see any
about never guys I don't think so
I was three that's a win-win yeah wait
wait three plus three with a 3 plus 3
plus 3 plus 3 plus now minus 2 minus 4
that's a win my dinner 69 68 plus 1 SWV
we have done another video for Vic's
channel which will be out in a few days
so make sure to subscribe to his channel
in the description thank you guys for
watching see
