hi guys let's not walk into the vlog i'm
here today with shredder shredder was
out but no this is the beautiful new
side member oh no check it out so I'm a
clothing don't go to grab you want
alright so I bought this book breathe
this is you why did you burn with the
University on a blog grades cooking us
food right now so I'll leave it there
leave his channel in the description
it's gonna be horrible i shredded did
you know that you can't hum with your
nose closed like hold your nose and you
can't home run then let's do tongue
twisters red lorry yellow lorry lorry
really nice weather has made this I
won't given the shitty rice in a while
welcome to how to be Instagram famous
with me Simon
alright so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna go through this and see how to be
a famous excited for the new Seidman
night jumpers windbreakers right now
Simon do I think so the first page that
we're gonna copy it says unleash your
inner weirdo I guess we got nicknamed a
tip so she's hugging like a corn dog and
she's in a bowl of cereal okay so I need
food what foods give you a voodoo queen
sits on a custard cream okay number
three we need this to be like we need it
to be exactly the same as this so it
needs to be four pictures something
wrong how can the spring remember it
needs to be vegan butter food don't want
this we're going for the same star she's
wearing glasses
even through your impulses have you done
think that Instagram page completely
dedicated a girl this much to spread to
their face guess we go go smashing Brett
time to room this bread with my face
I don't Instagram I need to walk home
before I do it okay so look how she does
this first lunch like rolls it like it's
so like soft and then she just goes
yourself in the picture okay
video romantic blaze next one we're
doing shoot full frontal fashion do your
crotch app so you gotta wear weird
outfits and stand in front of boring
background oh yeah if it's a bit weird
to be honest
let's say McLuhan think about the
background and how the colors and
patterns relate to the clothes clean
colored backgrounds are good for making
clothes stand out but brickwork or
plants can help highlight fabrics and
toe
ladies single is good listen all right
they also supplant what boom that's good
oh my god it's Barney oh oh my god oh my
god we should do a Pokemon fight
Charmander bees Pikachu okay so we move
on this guy's done a picture of him in
the car I think you know we would go
take a picture like this we can geotag
picture of us in the car yeah so has to
be like as if we're traveling somewhere
this out we need to pretend with
somewhere else well beyond just a long
highway how about six alright so we've
done those now one point one make a
difference
one dollar Billy I mean that's the
actual picture you know animal $1 I mean
it's it's pretty close in it like it's
pretty close yo Instagram the links in
the description
why you jump or you go jump around did
the sound effects nothing I showed it
that kinky stuff
I think he's the peeper broke use the
p-word if you're not gonna find me right
now then stop calling me the P word I'm
so fucking sick I was puking the other
day right now I'm in no condition to
fight it's not true have I been in bed
the whole time
oh you can't do that what has happened
yes mmm from over Tibet Simon curve is
become so we brought them out 9 minutes
ago they sought out 2 minutes ago
I love Wayne I loves that
anyways today's blog make sure you check
out Jules and shredder in the
description let's keep going
I mean crime I in know seen my Norma
Saco that's my team if you wait that
more time you can fuck off my no kappa
an x-man scream I'm go through this
thing that I'm old and I surpass hundred
thousand soul told my manager fuck this
job
I'm I take my trunks on the road never
leave black broken freedom trapped in
minimal times it's partying living
