jogos what's going on I'll welcome to a
bit of a different videos so far I have
been drinking with my good friend many
laps who is here in the call hello
basically we're doing another drinking
video seems to be a common theme between
us every time we get together we always
end up drinking I know what that says
about us but I just think I'm kind of
dumb because I know you can drink a lot
more so we are playing this game called
true or false to where basically it
comes up with a statement it's either
true or false we're gonna take it in
turns to say whether we think it's true
or false if we get it wrong then the
person has to drink first person to get
5 wrong loses now we have recorded a
video over on Mini lads channel so we
have already drunk quite a bit so if you
want to check that out it is in the
description down below while you're over
there subscribe to minute lad if you
don't cross over quite a lot I feel as
you can see everyone watching that we've
done number one and two we're moving on
to number three so it's your turn number
one snowflakes take about an hour to
reach the ground
snowflakes actually going on in this
video I would I don't think they're
scientifically correct that sort of
thing as well imagine if you clicked
true if you click true it was like no
they take five seconds look at the
screen you idiot I understand clouds are
a long way up right but at the same time
an hour
I'm calling false okay three drinking
just to clear it up I'm drinking bras
brief okay let's just carry on but mini
light is drinking what are you he drinks
more than I should I'm choosing flavored
vodka bite number two an italian mine
dressed male frogs in tight-fitting what
the fuck question is this that is the
most italian fashion district thing i've
ever heard in my life if that's true I'm
going true I I'm so certain I have seen
it a cartoon of this exact thing what
was it
the frog that sang hello my darling
hello Verner I'm going with true it's
based off that too I'm talking it in
I've typed in frog hello my baby hello
my honey but I'm watching exactly what
I'm thinking of but he didn't wear tight
pants so I was actually very lucky with
that I'm typing in the guy's name 90% of
my knowledge comes from either Simpsons
or other cartoons
spongebob is mine well smelly a nice
find blood for quotes badges can't
attack humans I feel like a badger can
what actually does much is completely
different but of course anything can
attack anything whether a knight does a
good job is a completely different story
I'm going false three two one go has to
be false thank you we have to take their
statement the Badgers can attack humans
not the fact that bad you know anything
can attack humans no it's just the BBC
says so so fuck it it's like oh I'm
sorry pedia so it must be true
I don't want to sit here talking about
that bite number four
India has 122 major languages oh my 122
I swear this not even a hundred and
twenty two major languages in the world
I swear there's like seven the Hedgehog
is looking at false everything do you
know I'm gonna trust it because he's got
similar hairstyle to me three two one oh
fuck speaks many languages I even have a
good sounding lid
Cheers they're not getting easier are
they there are 1000 years in a light
year 3000 years
3000 years a long fucking time but it
could be three million years I'm going
true hold mine I'm holding my own hand
and I can't click I'm holding it to the
left for the right side of my screen
coming into me right now oh yeah they're
all like I'm a paleontologist
you're an idiot vanilla you have drunk
too I've drunk one ah
fact number six balls hate red I mean
the obvious thing is like oh you know
the matador holds a red cape and they
hate it they hate red so they run it but
then I've heard that that's a myth so
that they actually just hate the matador
and they're like the attacking nature
they also run at the red linen but now I
felt like you're trying to trick me
I'm fucking playing games maybe there
may be a double bluffing me I'm saying
through three two true go boom
for our fuck run why do they run up the
red capes things no their dumbest fuck
not all of us can afford those glasses
but Logan please wait
no you know this colorblind glasses I
think the boys actually colorblind I
think I don't know it could have just
been a video this is getting into
dangerous territory
cheers Cheers bite number seven the
opposite of a blacksmith is a white
Smith it has nothing to do with the
color of said Smith okay maybe they're
talking about someone with the surname
Smith that's white Smith like the
opposite of Will Smith is Bob Smith you
know
and John Smith is white Smith okay
Christ with someone who crafts metals
right what's the opposite of so many
crafts metals and shit in your video I'm
not gonna give it away possibly the
greatest moment happened ever so you
know go watch the video right now and
you'll understand the point that I'm
talking about and now many lads you have
no idea what to choose
it's just stupid to be true so stupid it
could be true
you know what I'm going false because
fuck white Smith three three one go oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh man who
works with lightly colored medals
particularly Tim so you boy blacksmith
who crafts medals says no I'm gonna be a
racist fuck and give my I keep all of
the black medals cuz that'll give these
shitty white medals to someone else
oh fuck but number eight the Kremlin
still uses floppy disks I'm not gonna
make myself look like an idiot and try
to explain what the Kremlin is the
Moscow Kremlin usually referred to as
the Kremlin is a fortified complex at
the heart of Moscow I was in Russia a
lot last week DGC floppy disks I'm just
saying this so I'm gonna I'm gonna say
that's true did they put in Putin floppy
disk
oh I'm going true because I feel like
that's a that's a tactical way to not
get half three two one true true God
oh the Pentagon studies a sloppy
see the Pentagon the Pens are gonna on
it they know ac/dc
guitarist Angus Young has played guitar
whilst his amp was on fire that sounds
like the most metal and rock thing to do
true it's gotta be nah all I'm saying is
the most rock thing today would be while
his guitars on fire or him on fire you
know no okay
I appreciate you gave me a second of
your time to believe it I appreciate
four three two one it's me Father like
it's true yes his guitar amplifier
cotton firewall she's in the studio
recording solo for 1977's let there be
wrong I mean what clauses is a fire
these I don't know but the music is
pretty lit 2017 and Roman numerals as I
am livid though no it's no he sure i IV
kV is five a nice for Isaac one is 3/17
for the six fucking foster both I'm
careful yeah exactly I was like these
know anything 2016 is the hosta CEO and
record I guess yes this is 2017 isn't
the hedgehog we're looking at false the
Fox is looking at true what did the Fox
say true I say you guys wait for the
reaction forks like
Roman Empire was the largest empire in
history you know the word Empire gets
thrown around it does SEOs you know you
know I'm here this Empire that bad if it
wasn't there even like the Empire
Strikes Back
you know there's the Empire State
Building that's just a viewing platform
yeah you know what the Roman Empire is
bigger than the Empire State Building so
I'm gonna say true how much logic no
actually no no no no no I'm saying false
I'm going with my boys in China whole
time hold on China o28 it got beat out
by 27 others che guevara came from an
Irish family I don't fucking know anyway
where are you from I'm Northern Irish I
mean that's that's close enough
yeah if your boy che guevara was in
Ireland you shouldn't nothing yeah maybe
down south I don't know
I'm gonna go getting true it's a big
moment aural Darwin and Abraham Lincoln
were born on the same exact day that's
false though two days apart no or I feel
like I can bullshit quite well but it
doesn't really help in this game your
bullshit towards yourself which is yeah
that's the thing I'm not really trying
to convince anyone I'm really
realistically trying to figure out you
know what I'm just gonna stick to my
logic three two one cheers Cheers
apples originally from Poland
do you know any polish words no absolute
one play was absolutely it means uh like
it's like a pine cone see the way you
said art means you're completely
bullshitting me I can do this if I was
sober I can bullshit honest if you said
it means my name is I would have
believed you correct yes Kazakhstan
compose impressive monument a movie
based of an English actor who s extend
nice
Mark Twain had a twin brother Phil Twain
okay well you know what
I'm
I'm gonna say false but I'm not gonna
click it I'm gonna literally wait for
your reaction are using I'm saying false
I'm not reacting I'm clicking I'm not
reacting your back seven a greater
percentage of Dutch people speak English
and Canadians I would say true get a
live trial uh Canadian speak French
Canadian oh that's a saucy answer are
you ready let's go you serious I just
realize I'm wearing my own merchant
accent sorry
oh okay we're good what am I gonna have
mini lad written on my leg oh come over
to the Seidman house and we'll go for a
tattoo day we're just give me your names
tattooed you know what we can both get
mini tattoos I like that on the sole of
our foot back number a a mouse can have
150 babies every year Mouse's Mouse's
they look you know like camels
they're like mouse mice my my his what
the plural is my imma go with true oh my
god I'm going straight to the next in
Cleveland Ohio mice it's another nice
one it's illegal to catch mice without
hunting licenses in Ohio Cleveland I'm
saying true true
okay three two one boom drink let's go
how are you getting all of yours right
taco was invented in Tacoma Washington
do you want to know something funny you
know tikka masala this the Indian dish
was made in Scotland but so what you're
saying oh the Mexican food was made in
Washington America could be true we can
speak of a sour the Indian dish was made
this colors nice false false oh yeah
fact number eleven an eagle's nest can
weigh as much as two ton who the fuck
needs a two-ton nest I mean I mean are
you under there false it's gotta be
false
two tons is ridiculous 3 2 1 oh my god I
told you I was trying to help you wait
of 12.2 tons of death what depth of 6
meters which means it's for old you can
see the parent modes immediate from
space lies folks let's pose you can see
the Great Wall you can't see anything
out 3 2 1
we can see the pyramids in space and
space is around 400 kilometers from
Earth you know I could see your mom's
house from one kilometer that wasn't
meant to sound as mean as it was before
yeah I used I used your mama's house is
just an example of a normal house I
didn't mean I'm sorry I mean it uh yeah
I thought this is gonna be fun for all
the family
but the diss tracks are still sleeping
around him are watching this he's not
he's actually a nice guy I've met him
quite a few times I understand he's
being a bit of a prick there but don't
worry he's actually a visit well played
cheers and cheers thank you guys for
watching this video hopefully you guys
have enjoyed it if you did enjoy it make
sure you leave a like as I said we have
also filmed a video over on mini lads
channel which you should definitely
check out because it was good more of us
being drunk and probably a like it's
definitely just as weird if not weird so
make sure you go check out subscribe
while you're over there
thank you mini for coming on the channel
gameplay as you appreciate a mini
hopefully we will do something soo
together yeah focus listen and please
