what's going on guys and welcome back to
another dice Draft I am here today with
Manny what's up I'm amazing right now
you remember the one last time with Noah
I remember after the last time side with
Robert the brinel finish brain he's got
that Jesus actually got a hat-trick he's
insane we want for one last time and
yeah you actually want the only people
to win the dice drop with me I think the
only other person maybe Vic me yeah
exactly so you don't know this works
basically we're gonna throw the dice for
every player the number on the dice
corresponds to which play we choose if
we get a six we get to choose it's as
simple as that so Manny are you ready
you're gonna be a dice throw up for this
okay okay formation time we have to do
it for this as well which formation do
you want four three three okay forget a
five or six now I never get on the bed
but cool hey six how do we get to show
you yet you see you on the 433 yeah I
please please play Oh Manny just please
anything but one anything but one please
well I get you sound disappointed
why don't I say oh it doesn't even
matter what positions we go forth where
we go and trust me yeah oh you know yeah
what we gonna get a - oh that's not too
bad it's not it's not too bad based on
how you're doing with maybe swapping
over okay I say you do the defense okay
bang Oh what do you want what do you
want I want a form or Y that's F one two
three
why are you gonna six I ran I'm in my
zone son go on I'm just in my zone remix
three goalie time this is your last one
for now last one until the bench
okay is a cat yes
I think okay I care now hi Manny this is
how you throw it this is what is that
you get what you want none of them are
good if you go on one building with the
renowned aroma but again okay
he'll link with that narni what is it
what is it it's a six okay oh we go
smart and get that and then we can still
get a devious striker cam time we'll get
another opens
Simon that was yeah what is that Brent
well they all are under Israeli War it
fitted man there's we got Spencer please
can we am I even reaching the bed am I
don't reach an event you got a one okay
well that's all right
you know what I'll reach the bed and
we'll get a good player at we bang there
we go don't read your blood please wait
don't look tell me what is a science
Simon oh hi this is the player that's
gonna save us I'm gonna throw it okay ah
do it Suarez what's it a pop-up a
Portuguese you're gonna do the Samson
unto the reserves it is a - they're all
pretty awful there we get a 1 1 2 1
David Luiz no nothing I take a 3 ok 3 we
need a cam badly I'll probably take four
ghoulia you want to forget Lee yeah
we'll get some what mate yeah you go
ahead knees on great these are awful I
mean I guess creature take a three get
three three and three Maitri yeah oh
it's the one that's up not three four or
six you get half the dice right now many
three four six no pressure no pressure
oh you just mean over it
not my as you are it's the one he gets
he gets he gets a
I think it's my turn to save this ready
bang
what number is it it's a six we get to
choose you gonna bail well I told you
we're saving this low okay nobody
doesn't even matter
Oh cam ready or set a minute later was
it uh let's go all the way yeah tell me
what it is the one it's a one um pretty
tricky shot huh oh okay gonna get ya I'm
sorry but don't know don't look I didn't
know you were what did I get like that
six big wine in the bring him on yeah
okay
I'm gonna try and get six in already
back oh my god oh it's fine okay so we
have to choose the fifth player one two
three oh god that's awful
hi we're gonna see what we can do to
this squad to make it usable so the team
is done and we have an 89 chemistry but
we still get we still get a manager
look out of the cap you're okay I don't
know why he's a rogue man yeah yeah so
there it is the draft is complete we
ended up with a 173 it is average right
so now we play one game see if we can
win with this squad so here we go his
squad Oh
I mean only 90 can we had 89 it's not
the chem Simon the Kiwanis fine man is
fine you don't think it's fine hey you
are blue daddy double-die I'm ready okay
let's go let's get some nice nice
passing football around oh my gosh it's
all so weird what what you mean I
haven't touched fever in a while that
we'll have you touched Oh God's sake I
knew ah
Maddie we're in trouble you call a house
nice a loaf of bread what why do you cut
bread out I don't know don't worry I got
it
oh my god mother mother sauce outside we
knew that a lot manager just looking the
funny okay boy we do go this is your
sat-nav Sam I'm Sam I'm Sam look left
sandbar what are you saying sat-nav Oh
Tom Tom Tom Tom what you're on about to
spin the ball in foot what
there you go ah is that the fence in the
air was I good I shut up oh those awful
doesn't know I'm striving on the upside
okay Manny Manny we're in trouble again
what should defend watch it watch it
watch it
what what are you doing now I'm still
gonna do you know I only weigh on its
look okay I'm still watching told you
look at that okay
Oh Manny that wasn't me no yours a
suicide pass though
nah that wasn't what you did Oh actually
once it actually wasn't Eddie's rubbish
why have we not boring white look at him
he's a lump but he scored the final goal
wait wait for me
oh really
I'm so so really good don't you learn
the through your on side as well go
outside yup okay okay and store the
second one but you have do a bit ever is
a loved one let's go that's gone it
wasn't a nice it was a nice goal it goes
the nice second goal we're winning one
nil right let's get one more before
laughs oh uh oh man it happens oh it it
does it does it does it does
scared horse no it's fine it's fine
get rid of it get rid of it get rid of
it get rid of it but is it is because
it's on my window costume like a bouquet
anymore don't care he's he's French
okay Wow just move on Daniel it's all
gone tits up get it nipples without I'm
good
we need to take a door sound about it we
need to get a roll now you just back to
you've got back knife on little engine
sounds we winning I will bring bring it
on in wine if we win I'll do it to you
okay tactical decision or win and it
will be an iguana Go Go on Bali okay I'm
dragged them away
no you higher you've messed us messed up
you don't go excited but look who's here
look who's here
that fake shot was my turn like a boss
honestly those mad though oh god that
was sick I can't say anything yeah
anyone they've done that I don't have
fallen over his own lip but here we go
spitting OH
they spin in something but I what yeah
spinning yarn yeah what the gram another
mind games
what was that part no big chuckle why do
you go French tech else it's cuz it's
sponsored by Claude makélélé what oh
oh oh
ever since that nipple joke about you
getting way the foul
okay egg why is gonna step up again um
what is going on
I got you coming trout you know that's
why I picked him just that interception
do you mean that's why you picked him
you didn't pick him whoa Simon if ever
there was a time to take ye he doesn't
miss why are you so calm about that
couldn't think what pressure anyone else
it was anyone else I would be nervous we
have ten minutes left the thing is you
don't cost
areolar again with win would you be no
one oh cool
promise you know any custom ones we've
got to in oh okay that was it oh I
really like that I enjoyed that a lot
you enjoyed it gave me a boner they
don't want it they don't want it look
they don't want it I told you that I
want it they don't want it let go let go
let go let go let go let go piggy oh you
see that Simon hey somehow did not
school are you going hat-trick we said
now we said I can't any it's all the
manager it's all in half nuh nee nee nee
decide special oh my
Nani wait shoot what he didn't want to
shoot no I was just about to score bang
huh oh yeah well we won money we can't
lose together
we took the other right so there's
another dice draft done me and Manny
have won again that's all for today be
sure to check out Manny in the
description and subscribe while you're
over there thank you guys watching and
see it rock climbing
biking playing basketball I've got rock
climbing rock climbing rock climbing
rock climbing whoa horn girls love
emojis but there aren't enough emojis to
say what girls do that's just how things
are
I'm not
