when watching videos I have loved you
I've cried ok I haven't cried but anyway
I haven't ever cringed before I have
cringed this is a horrible intro but I
haven't done a try not to cringe
challenge so this is the try not to
cringe challenge compilation 2016 I
never know what to expect because people
have different meanings of cringe so
let's find out this looks way too much
like me and my old room I've been
watching porn for like two weeks
straight sounds like me as well I
skipped school mom spits private care
I'm probably family but haven't care go
porn Go Go porn
what did I just watch we will watch porn
okay but no one has ever chanted in the
history of porn go porn Go Go porn go
the worst part is the second Heidi I
thought of Pokemon go except I just
thought go pong go like a new game
my name is a 34th ruler disciple a Lucic
diamond dies today we're gonna do some
mad mad murder step magua
grind step I felt like I had to be in
the zone for this one yeah what's up how
you doing my name is 34th legend what's
your name
alright so today we're sick sick I even
little crash set who's not familiar
Graham stabbed huh 34 chicken wing
beatboxing King mo fucker
I dunno beatboxing us yeah well I'm the
disciple of Lucic Diamond Eyes you
probably heard of him all right here we
go
who hasn't again huh I'm also the
disciple of Phillips the third
- I know what the fuck I was Johnny
Johnny yes Papa eating sugar no papa
adding the line no Papa open your mouth
ha ha ha I don't know how that was
cringed I was just fucking weird there's
no girls in the profession emojis
unless you count being a bride a
profession yeah ha ha not getting
involved in this I've got rock climbing
biking playing basketball
I've got rock climbing rock climbing
rock climbing rock climbing porn girls
love emojis but there aren't enough
emojis to say what girls do that's just
how things are
I'm noticing anything none of my
business you want to point blank me fuck
you I don't think no no an hour get it
dude ah there's no there's no minimum
engagement distance here so I mean I
could be right here and shoot you yeah I
agree I agree need you thank you all
wait legend like all my fucking back
open up as you like Wonder Boy hold on
my name fucking Kia is this really
happening because one of the guys shot
one of him from close - hey hey come on
down calm down guys remember at all yeah
this guy in the orange has no control
what is the point of him what is going
on guys why don't you try to touch you
motherfucker he's awesome
congratulations
I mean I can agree with that little bit
I mean out of me I'm too much of a pussy
to actually do it myself
and the final clip is one of the top
clips on ready
okay Ryan and Shanna after their wedding
night I uh this is uh I think it seemed
really happens sometimes it does take
some creative thinking oh no if you're
kissing on camera it's gonna be like a
movie kiss imagine watching a film and
seeing this
well it was a little painful the first
time it was really really painful but
what are they talking about buddy I mean
you know
oh my oh
kill yourself I think I'm done for today
I've seen things that you're just not
meant to see see yeah let's see that top
of Reddit bitches
