what's up guys and welcome to a master
class in football this is basically
horse but it's going to spell out SD
amen we're going to take it turns to set
challenge if the others can't do it in
three attempts I see what you're doing
Toby if the others can't do in three
attempts they get a letter that's on to
spell out s team and it's gonna have to
do a punishment so you guys ready yeah
alright this is the first challenge yeah
how did that happen
this is the first challenge yeah three
times if they don't get it get it
I'm looking at you but in trouble cream
privyet I'm not looking to get nests so
let's do this that shows not fake we
wash it oh that didn't hit it it unlucky
wait wait oh the consistencies there go
on Manny
try nope courgette joshie checkers Oh
Levi you're a snake Allah fake me oh man
I'm gonna get showed up by the little
grosser that's how it's done before I'm
just gonna get shown up by the little
brother and it's gonna happen oh yeah
one take Wow I'm just gonna get shown up
by the little bro All Right see if you
know how this game works basically as
they all managed to do that I now get a
letter so yeah I should as well it's an
S next up is going to be mani certain
the challenge so Manny let us know
blindfolded penalty oh my gosh one take
that's cool make it a post in chat chat
plate them up this heart all right let's
get it done ready let's go this game is
just bad enough for penalties when I
can't see Oh a mess oh la la la yeah not
get into content to be honest let's get
salami but God good go oh yeah go
sigh the solids head soften Manny takes
the s next challenge is
oh did you get for that I don't want to
take a deihi R so I'm gonna I'm gonna
try do this challenge right Oh too much
wicked you know too much I know so close
the lost jobs us I'm taking the be gone
Sam oh my god oh my god that's to see
salmon to the D you can't say that yes
you're gonna take the D is when I'm deaf
or not
Oh terrible oh you missed this hey daddy
join me please join me with the day away
from me share the tea with me money no
right gents turns asset challenge
this is my chance oh how comfy honestly
my first letter suckers everyone I you
got it man did you boaters fine
hey hit like it yeah do we take schemers
I don't think we do bill I'm not sure we
do Jess that protects Kim popping up it
will take schemers for this on that yes
I don't think I got this you got it man
no he doesn't
are you hate that one you to lose
I don't know I feel like I need to be
louder angles roll em em for money I'm
not confident right now
I only hear like we said what's it all
right Oh your face once I oh my gosh oh
my what you said back in LA so we take
some you know my second challenge is to
score from the halfway line there'll be
a goalkeeper in the penalty spray he's
not allowed to run back you just gotta
love him so basically all they gotta do
is this that's it you guys know I don't
like losing but I might have to take the
El today oh oh come on man you're better
man carrying an injury trapeze Oh oh my
gosh you might you be in Ziploc goes oh
come on flash back to Wembley come hi
Simon
what was that Toby as your day been so
far
mom lets me know
you
