what's up everyone and welcome to
punishment drops with Jessie what's up
Jesse
hello everybody you pretty much just
here by me with your what's up scary if
you don't know how this works basically
me and Jessie gonna have four minutes to
build a draft each we whoever gets the
best combined rating and chemistry does
not have to do a punishment whoever
loses will have to do the fire and ice
challenge which is having an ice bath
while eating a habanero should and it is
pretty much miserable has already done
it and done it once before I have I've
never even had an ice box do you want
that's like the big thing that
everyone's already done have you got
that other way yet well I don't waste
water Jesse's oh okay there is another
video going out which is on Jesse's
channel which involves the different
punishments you could say that in the
description while you're over there
subscribe Jesse I keep ready I am so
ready to do this because last time you
do remember I think you wouldn't both
did you know I remember
I don't want that to happen again so
this time it's my pain back okay I have
the timer okay four minutes
are you ready I'm so ready 3 2 1 go oh
my god hi alright come on
well formation formation I don't even
back to g1 that'll do they'll do right
yes go come on
oh here I'm going for people yes all
right you know what we'll take you thank
you oh shit oh my god what a nice player
Oh messing you better there oh ah what I
do here guys what I do know what oh no
oh yeah I don't know where she lives
just be safe just be safe II I shouldn't
take a hemp pot good for you
and then here please it gives me so many
BBVA pleuritic oh this is so great I
think I'm gonna do that I just need a
hundred chemistry that's what most we
had last time I just yeah I'm really
best not focusing and I rated okay come
on come on come on come with it use it
you happy either don't know why don't
worry I'm trying a minute already this
is the draft this is the draft right
here
Oh nobody's gonna lie I actually think
I'm gonna be terrible here you do yeah I
think I'm really struggling
I'm really struggling kind of really
struggling
give me baby be okay but show up all
right so I pretty much got 100 chemistry
I don't worry about anything else now I
just have to get high rated C I so me I
don't know oh I need I need I need I
need anything
yes please give me I'll do okay okay
we'll just grab the highest rating in
the coach something happen happen we
have already had no oh no what happened
we've I've just got bad players okay
there's something wrong at the time I
was like don't tell me you met this up
I'm sure this isn't going well at all
screw this I could just auto-select the
bench
hold on complete squad no time to mess
with my students did not want to do that
such better players no no no I don't
think so I don't think so I think I'm
obviously I'm struggling here okay I'm
really struggling him go here okay yeah
yes let's move everybody a lot more like
that I need all these ABS over here in
the 70s with the highest rate please
please the woman at 50 left I got this I
got this I feel good about this I'm
probably not going to do this in the
rating it's not as good as I thought it
was going to be okay I don't think I'm
guys though okay come on he's really
struggling Owen okay okay on you that 83
to go over here I don't know if this
really matters but I think it does well
thank you but like you so maybe could
have been a mistake
for 8282 eyes okay we've got one minute
20 left
Oh John this isn't wait maybe some
players can be changed to make it better
hold on let me check that it's rude
please please please please please let
me one doesn't fit I'm actually fuck
what you can't get hundred chemistry No
probably didn't tell me that's the case
please tell me that's the case I'm sure
sit here patiently I'm gonna pay you
back when I see those I messed up I
messed up here badly please please lost
I've actually lost what a bit of their
time get in there freaking time yet
there's ten seconds and there's nothing
I can do yeah
struggling yes that's the time I was
waiting for that right there I have 188
can you somehow throw something guy you
couldn't there's no way coming back in
that one allele okay I have an 89 rated
squad my chemistry is for 100 let's
that's 94 oh I lost yes finally I'm
defeated Simon and something in my life
it's literally just as I couldn't I
didn't get strike hell it's not gonna be
that bad okay I'm just pretty much given
you your first ice bath about sobbing
please haha well um I've near a reason
to do your first ice bath as well as boy
that sounds weird to cuz then you have
to take it's like taking a cold shower I
don't know where to go but yeah this is
I'm just stop token apology okay but you
do have to do the ice bath while eating
a habanero pepper coma chilli and now
the arts poppers I've never done yeah
Oh Oh my testicles are inside me forget
I'm a in and out Oh Jeff eat into your
bowl oh I think ah don't hit my legs are
numb come out the strong buyer but I've
done it gently name some I'm not letting
you in right so that was the punishment
draft unfortunately I had to do the
forfeit and now I'm gonna go make Jesse
do a forfeit on her channel so you tell
out in the description thank you Jesse
for that actually no don't know I'm not
saying thank you your honor
thanks watch it and see I'm gonna answer
this politically okay I would rather not
kill my friends okay I'm say I'm sorry
so the second one yes Wow would you
rather never use the internet ever again
no or have no friends think carefully
about your answer I mean um I mean it's
it's kinda obvious
