what's up guys and welcome to a would
you rather with Toby would you what
brother what yes what yes or no wait -
what would you rather yes we're gonna
take it in turns to pick tweets that you
have sent in giving us would you rather
if I choose
Toby has to answer toe chooses I have
answered window choose okay did I say
that right when I choose Tobias time to
time yeah yeah that okay
yes I'm junipers - Chang voila okay you
get the choose drink it first yeah okay
go for it would you rather yeah wake up
yeah as yeah well I would oh okay or
Vick don't ruin my face I would rather
well I'll rather wake up this Josh of it
Josh of it this is basically who do you
like better job it no it - don't want to
be more not who would work for right
back well know is one you know wake up
as Josh why so that I could finally
experience having a beard oh that's true
yeah and also it means I wouldn't have
to play Minecraft and you don't have the
pressure of like needing to become a
doctor that's true yeah Josh I'd rather
casual racism shut up
thank you
would you rather kill JJ oh no or kill
an innocent child in the country you'll
never you know you'll never know the kid
oh no why would you ask me that aj stays
alive this is a horrible question it is
a horrible question i can't kill my
friends is that the child I'm gonna
answer I've never met the child and I
don't know that you'll never you'll
never meet him anyway he's done nothing
JJ has oh why would you come on Oh JJ
doesn't done anything
JJ hasn't done anything you know what
he's done like okay I'm gonna answer
this politically okay I would rather not
kill my friends okay that's all I'm
saying
I'm sorry so the second one yes
Wow
would you rather never use the internet
ever again no I have no friends think
carefully about your answer I mean um I
mean it's it's kinda obvious a half by
our friends you have to have yeah I mean
it helps I live with people's cell means
you can't use Google Maps on your phone
I can't use YouTube either that's what
some of your seriously I couldn't do any
jobs that involves Ian's there yeah you
me kind of fuck a bit lumberjack a bit
bird killer
Wow are you killing is enjoy I think I'd
have to go for the no internet though no
internet think about not having any
friends not even people online you like
you can't even talk to you but online
who needs friends when you have family
so your family aren't your friends I
don't say no into that no internet I say
that's a good choice thank you
you'd be bored as fuck right now would
you rather date someone who knows
absolutely everything about you or
someone who knows absolutely nothing
about you and when I say nothing I mean
you actually you start dating them at
the point where they still don't know
your name so they are your girlfriend
and they don't know your name or
boyfriend that's a weird one isn't it
I'd almost say nothing
what the fuck do you talk about with
someone who knows everything about you
what you did today
no they know that I wear a lot of name
tag that says pseudonym nothing there's
my name's your girlfriend could actually
call you submit pseudonym Superman she's
gonna think that's actually your name so
but she was just like words house you
can though I don't know the chisel she
finds out about that later
I was so creepy please don't keep that
here yeah my thing so you're literally
on your first day she can learn the
audio you on a date like you know she's
coming to house the Netflix and chill
and she's just like oh I don't know
you're black how the fuck did I meet
look like I don't know yeah well nothing
nothing okay nothing it's interesting
those I'll be interested okay Simon yes
next one is specifically tailored for
you Taylor Swift or fish
hey I blend in hey
you Clendon you know what you do we
should switch chairs wow that was
amazing
the magic of editing would you rather ya
quit YouTube or either fish the whole
thing you can take out of bones and
libels you gotta look it in the eye
first good Oh God look at you I'll look
at an eye yeah then take out eyeballs
sobbing is this fish I'm talking Latin
that magical oh no I have to eat you
know you'd have to eat the fish yeah I
could at least make a video on it as
well I was just gonna say that high five
yeah idea fish would you rather never be
able to blink again or have your
eyebrows permanently removed can I get
them tattooed no you literally you have
what just stop you have look like
without eyebrows
Tice show us can I shut my eyes when I
go to sleep cuz that's not blinking you
see what I mean no that's not basically
would I rather never be able to shut my
eyes again okay no you can show you guys
to sleep sleeping with your eyes open as
fuck and you're calling up that does
bring man finally I used to do my
brother walked into my room once and I
was there like this Rick Astley's to
read you have at your eyes water when
you don't blink
yeah but you might get mad with it I
won't eventually adjust to it maybe get
blind at some stage but I can wager
people and staring contests and never
lose spanner in the works here what a
furnace better not allowed to blink by
just having things holding your eyes
open as in it's not it's not you not
having an ability to blink Oh hold it
you know yeah ah so you can enter it
staring come to tease Dennis yeah
everyone loves a good span ring oh no
that man what is that then I'll probably
shave my eyebrows off people get used
yeah but it wasn't that one okay alright
so the final one with what's gonna
answer and it is would you rather be
itchy for the rest of your life or be
sticky for the rest of your life now the
only thing I want to know is what's
making us sticky because that that
changes a lot that changes a lot there
are some variables here that need to be
clarified okay let's say that nothing
nothing makes you sticky nothing makes
you itchy but you are just sticky okay
okay I can't take it seriously I'm sorry
I know keep in reston one so unless you
just had a bitch now it's like that was
horrible yeah I was holding a fork yes
there's a little bit stickier now
speaking what's the letter o stickiness
you know you know when you like yeah
like you'd hear that that noise yeah
every time think about how horrible it
is not like hey you have a rash or
something did you ever get where you get
like hot and it makes you itch yeah and
you get back these I'd imagine that all
the time
sticky sticky sticky definitely sticky
say your answer yeah sticking with it
yeah you're itchin Stella yeah right so
that is all for today with the would you
rather thank you sending those in Thank
You Toby been here you can check them
out in the description thing is watching
nothing already said that and sip what a
flea are you see what did that a
LinkedIn no anyways this quiz is
designed to figure out which athlete I
am closest to in terms of my personality
or my attitude towards sports so the
first question what does an important
professional athlete like you thanks eat
before the big game a balanced meal
Wheaties of course whatever I want
