yo guys what's up and welcome to a
sport-related quiz slash but I don't
know basically whenever we do a football
video or something like this happens
time to smash it or this or this but not
this we always get asked our G
professional footballers you should be
in the Premiership my initial thought is
always just know just just stop we are
not givin up okay I have tried going for
like professional boy tried joining
academies and I was younger never got in
but then I thought if I was to be an
athlete what earthly are you see what I
did that a LinkedIn anyways this quiz is
designed to figure out which athlete I
am closest to in terms of my personality
or my attitude towards sports so the
first question what does an important
professional athlete like you thanks eat
before the big game a balanced meal
Wheaties of course whatever I want
caviar or pineapples I mean ignore the
fact that I did literally just eat a
pizza and a Ribena well you know that
not that one I had this one I don't even
normally eat before match when I used to
play like Sunday League football I
literally ate wherever I wanted half the
time I didn't eat whatever I want pro
athletes make a ton of money where do
you spend yours
yes charity if I had to be honest I mean
diamonds are bling is the obvious choice
although this stuff is JJ's so probably
fake diamonds and I forgot what else
he's won even bling there were old
people glasses that is what old people
say apparently the thing is none of
these really fit me because even though
I just did a video of my car
I don't spend money I usually sit in
here all day I mean the only thing I
realistically spend it on is stuff for
videos like a camera I mean diamonds and
bling if they count as props getting
fans to like me making videos does that
go this sure let's go that one you have
to wear something under the uniform what
kind of underwear for game time I
genuinely forgot to porn underwear they
then it's not the first time which is
kind of lucky cuz I knew I forgot
something is there wait what Hanes wait
what i hain't Oh Hanes are a kind of
underwear endorsed by Michael Jordan
okay becoming a professional athlete
doesn't happen overnight
what were you doing before you made it
big time I was working in a warehouse
let's see if that's there nope
okay well I was groomed what having fun
with the rosin it just happened yeah
what the hell the sandlots is definitely
an American quiz sandlots what the hell
is sun loss is this ether but one thing
I know is I definitely wasn't groomed I
think wait let me just check mommy
didn't groom me from a young age to be a
star dig' hello my supposed to gender
say grade whatever yeah we're we're a
merrily though I'm saying we're I am an
athlete I'm a good athlete I am a male I
think it's all about face time what are
you most likely to be on the cover of
Sports Illustrated
Us Weekly police report little kids
lunch boxes or anything sports specific
I mean I've never been on any of them
but little kids lunch boxes I guess I
guess cuz that's the only thing related
to like youtubers know in a pedophilic
way before you met that joke I just mean
if YouTube was gonna make something or
be on the face of something that seems
like the most much abou think what
legendary hero do you model yourself
after that's gotta be my dad nope LA no
Pele Pele its football owner after an
athletic victory you drive where what
kind of ride really nice pickup truck an
Escalade with 24s custom Ferrari bicycle
or I have a driver
Escalade what is this I mean that's the
closest to a Range Rover which is what I
have so I I guess that a really nice
pickup truck we're not gonna go with
that Escalade with 24 who you most
likely to date just a normal girl a pop
star
model date is in more than once now I
know the last one is trying to suggest
oh you're a player but I'm gonna take
away the second sentence and just have
it as date question mark because because
yeah I mean we could go supermoto if you
really want by date what music do you
listen to before a big game
clearly gangsta rap as a champion
athlete at the end of the championship
game of course I won my teammates
probably let me down I'll make excuses
about the loss my teammates who have to
help me when I choke or I will have made
history
I mean if it's kind of like the Sun
hunting game that I'd go with the bottom
one
if it's like anything else definitely
excuses about the loss you have a ton of
accomplishments but what are you most
proud of I mean even know this isn't
actually about sport I would definitely
go for my house I mean I just put so
many videos up and I'm just proud of
myself of that I mean I mean the others
are right but I'm definitely not proud
of my stacks of cash
I'm not JJ I mean I could get used to
this that really hurts your eyes where
do you go in the offseason floor it up
for some rest and relaxation to
mountains to get away from the limelight
I tend to globe trot
that is definitely not me I hate
traveling anywhere I have to do for the
modeling sheets back to my home country
definitely back to my home country
anyway now we put our age in and we have
continued and a lot of you are very
angry right now because I skip that part
for no reason but how do I waste 20
seconds of my life you wanna be 60 plus
1 but with slidin I've been really mean
to change in this video I actually
really like that so anyway now you have
to find out the results
what athlete are we we are Allen Iverson
actually know him I watch the
documentary on Netflix we're talking
about practice man you play her you can
put a city on your shoulders you might
not be the biggest man on the court you
have the biggest heart and the most
hustle not to mention the most attitudes
are you guys haven't seen this before IG
yeah yeah that's my tattoo see they know
that's why I'm like an alive person you
know I mean that's what I see in the
morning when I look at myself
but anyway yeah that's it it's a Simon
Iverson from now on let me know which
appellee you'd want to be if you could
be any athlete in the world that's
watching
