well as you guys have guessed by the
title it's Knicks birthday although I
don't think he's home right now anyways
you guys know the drill by now this
video is gonna be a montage of me and
Vic of videos from my channel I want
everyone to go tweet him right now
saying happy birthday Vic hashtag Vic
day and then go check out his youtube
channel which is also down there Vic
have a great birthday and yeah enjoy the
video hey guys it's me welcome to I know
this is my first the day we have this
right - yeah have you seen this before
no wonder
Oh Vic
have you ever play fee from the ball yes
and now I played like a few minutes of
these Berg I obey people icon oh my
girls we be a team with a hundred oh my
god yeah complete Wow that was the first
round battle for but they're all as one
yet because uploaded for 642 videos no I
thought the visual of how many good
videos oh that's more like okay sorry
Bob that's how I did I even made why is
that real light why is that runs camera
angle just like I can hear as well on a
scale of 1 to real she's we're going on
chat Bob calm now what everyone's on Oh
Vic no side meadow the pack
he's on the side man I'm just saying
like oh oh
the your sound is what that sound that
was I know the war was that wasn't about
it and drop yourself these are so
generic
you're such a generic myself moderating
force NFL all you got to do that right
now you want to take a nap again do
something you want to take a nap haha
first question you hesitated what
anything start the question who is the
quickest quickest what like how do you
even race
go ah
Alva
there's light your Instagram you ready
to find out oh yes
who would you guess fuck you bro really
bad news I don't know pop of my bounce
off my afro on my back my butt is so wet
I think you still have balloons stuck to
your back
hey mega maaan ah these three that's a
good Easter egg ruined it's not the
wrong Easter Egg one yeah yeah yeah
illuminate is out next week if it's not
I will get a tattoo of JJ's face I
listen to a sound last week if it is not
going on illuminates is out next week if
it's not I will get a tattoo of JJ's
face Jewish and do a sound
love to it if not I'm gonna kick you in
the face
you harder sound last week if not you'll
get kicked in the face any mentor mister
no no I'm unknown cat gaming no no
channel man's um porn tube Hey hi how
are you related how are you doing today
no you find shorts are English accent
you think that's acceptable you're
enjoying looking at the penises on
omegle today are you tired of penises on
omegle speak to bacon Simon on
tell us your troubles and we will help
how many penises have you encountered
today on omegle or Justin I'm glad
you're not a penis hey I guess that's
kind of a comp card of a couple of man
I'm not a dick
three two one go whose is that what mine
he's got it I'm sorry for everyone who
hates spiders that you know is said like
that's what I meant by it is that was
over there that won't happen touched by
the vacuum we all we tried to flick it
down the toilet
oh you gotta spice it up either back you
know I think like Harry tried to use it
as a lightsaber and broke it and we put
it in the bin hey wait a second you
caught the spider yeah the key use
ground that's what you want yes dude
that was in my room and I did chase it
around for a bit you're anywhere and I'm
screaming that was a bear fast so once
that's done you have to establish a main
character which is normally a sexy
cheerleader why am I doing this I wanna
know you guys thought that a bad girl so
this half here this is Vic this is Josh
let us know in the car to use over there
a bad job Jake can't kick a ball anyway
Oh
sup guys tell me why I did how is that
funny why you love a nice sees any
officer oh okay
oh my god no I didn't fuck you guys you
smell like piss wrapping papers right we
will be the number one rappers we wrap
the wrapping paper but wait because the
thing is they'll have the exact same
rough mix and I'll see that is the iron
core shape and size as the wrapping
paper nut up could be on this fuck yeah
woof oh I'm just going to have eyes and
I feel like maybe make them think it's a
Christmas cracker I did that's like
Christmas cracker sorry yeah yeah about
there I don't know if this is actually
common it's not so perfect
he's a point yeah he's a studdy spirit
oh it's like a steak random jump cut
doors
alright I've lost count of how many eggs
and how many cream eggs are anymore this
we never said we could you gave us way
too much control hi deliver welcome to
the house of fun it doesn't look fun
genuinely like I'm so sorry I did not
mean to offend you guys can we just all
calm down a little bit right you guys
see my really chill guys and we just
chilling I'm here you go you having a
good time I like my craft if you've got
a problem with that don't subscribe to
my minecraft channel Oh
if not if not you can show everyone we
won we won
I don't think that's Caroline hey she
knows awesome the other KFC sandwich are
you married mess it up as well
he made sickness inside I did it for you
you can't win in this game sit down in
the chair receive your punishment what
we punishing foam I have no idea go
this is that mine spongebob yeah where
annoys me
ah your buddy's a bloody suppose me and
my dad so walking moment when I almost
put the picture of Josh and spongebob in
as a shit
there you have five seconds to name
three of my videos I'm human challenge
youtubers crossbar challenge and plants
vs. zombies today I share just name the
food games and hit the button I was
waiting for very best one very very very
best three it's a new selfie stick okay
Vic new selfie stick Philip I was
running through six he's given me six of
his foes it just tripled in my nose I
would get the seven because we're gonna
give you a good present normal
realistically it's a small logic so I'm
gonna go fix six are you sure you okay
sex
II really should seven I'm gonna do it
in a second why Michael seven for you
first between what you could have won
but what about my like just a six come
on open seven it was your birthday you
might need to catch them all but all I
need is to catch you you care to take a
ride on my lap rest till you squirt all
over me
yeah no not you not the middle one all
right - huh how's that your dad what you
have five seconds to then three types of
cheese camembert cheddar mozzarella oh
you're such a fucking Google that
fascism cereal the problem is you said
your speciality so I'm already thinking
cheese before you laugh - that was my
little sermon I was already thinking
cheese
room where they're so coming back from
the government button
oh forget it
look for something big if you guys don't
for any reason know who their kids by
the way you can check it out in the
description he is him he's the best
paper player in the world as I said
thank you guys for watching and soon
