the footies car as it shows I have ten
attempts remaining get on me ten all
gold five stars if you win you get a
special Connelly anchor your team's
gonna win niggas what what team you ask
this team I mean I'd hoped it would be
this the same that I do I say it's not
about the team it's about the player and
right now I'm not really doing too well
on FIFA as good as mine it's still good
let's go guys come on right give it out
to bail bail run first charts come on
let em off through the milk and then no
I didn't actually push the wrong button
doesn't matter though cuz I do ease a
dewey's to with us season is wait why am
I using bail and maole complainin all
right and then why what am i doing
anyways why am I using bail when I have
renowned oh oh oh where's your face
where's your pace
finish finish it I'm sorry that's one of
the worst attacks I've had any estar the
past we must okay Duras is not up what I
did not shoot here we go there we go
there's a second mini yesterday gonna
miss lazy right we met it's a halftime
two-nil up first John's going exactly
how it should and it shall continue to
as well come on bail nice mayor where's
that there we go then edge that's the
really edge but it's kind of working
what are we doing what I've literally
said past I don't know why I'm omitting
for that let's stop let's stop hello
hello hello
whoa seriously so he has a guest playing
I'm pretty certain one of them is kind
of decent and then the other guy is the
reason for the you know the charters and
stuff like that
that one that says me my bail I bail
with the finesse come on yes sir
how is he such a bad touch this could
potentially be our final chance here we
go nope nope never mind this could be
our final chance here we go why did he
pass to him I done a wine party it's
90th minute who cares
all right Marcello vital jaw and it's
over we're to the second round
Game two and we have less of a challenge
in terms of teams
he has like transferred gooned again oh
god he's passing around the back this is
gonna be a horrible horrible game seeing
that first chance goes to Simon and what
am I gonna do I'm gonna just crush it in
you can't it's a little bit far this is
definitely going to be a game with
little chance to get to that come on
where is he where is he okay wait bail
bail nice they all know what as I said
earlier why don't I use Ronaldo more
than bail how did he miss that I know is
this weak foot and everything but still
all right nice no weak foot is awful
come on bail run run okay you don't
actually have a week but do you do you
do blue with scores
what about to climax for a goal big old
run laser no no there's gonna be a lay
off to NES things Oh pass it and then Oh
run okay we still got it we still a ball
mr. ball we're laying out why have I got
out wide okay it's still could tuck kind
of work no it hasn't
one more take a dodj put us bang to nil
we may need to have time to knit up
again main are the stats enough maybe
this time but the scoring I mean schools
what counts realistically knit so who
cares and Danny Alvarez whip anything in
for a cross I don't know why I'm
crossing all of today but for some
reason I am and water save is that
barely get on his right I take back what
I said about the same the same was
average just as this bells right please
what settle for Bruno come on he's had
to go Ultra attacking for this okay just
get to
get Tim quit we can get that get rid of
that and then wait a second
we could have a nice little counter on
there no this isn't good
this isn't good get why am i doing that
what is going on I need to stop passing
it and just presently up get rid there
we go there's the clearance I needed
where's where's my support where's my
support 30 ah here we go has it worked
has it worked no no that's a good save
okay so he's got one back I'll go a
certain place in the way okay I think
he's gonna get one back at some point
yeah this go and let des ie that's like
you have legends I'll just get out oh
really is he really gonna you know what
this always is a pretty I probably
should have guessed that by the fact he
has nothing to lose here we go here we
go know what okay I feel like my
controller just didn't work there but
Bruno good effort we've won the game
it's up it's it's over just where you
whistle now ref come on there it is
finally into the semi sweet into the
semi semi final time ooh okay I don't
know whether he's in the semi final as
well if he is then I'm a little bit
scared if not then that's in trouble
hold up is that me just to hench me here
we go semi final time holy chance early
oh no I it up damn Bruno here we
come prude again wise it was brutal but
it's not worked out I'm Bruno oh no oh
no oh no we're in trouble guys Ronaldo
yes come on we're back in I saw that
runs so early it was always gonna happen
finally okay Ronaldo is getting a little
job I don't know why I passed it I don't
know why I passed it I don't know how
this could potentially work but you know
what you know what okay that one
actually should be passed that one that
was a good class I don't know why I keep
passing it whenever I get any s2 in the
bottom so just ignore that small Gareth
Bale can you two of them know that
somehow I've got a corner and he's there
he's on the edge
odorous has been tackled okay now we're
now we're in trouble
power all right never know my team is
short look at this team part night and
then finesse whoa
how will I miss that why did I get why
why there is we are playing around so
nicely and will it end in a goal Koch is
amazing a long shot sweetheart school
there I just really could use one more
goal just before half-time got polemic
oh wait hang on hang on hang on run time
back breath that is it just a foul we're
not quite to kneel up but two one is
good enough long as we win it for C
changes is only non rare this is our
chance with our chance for a third goal
I don't know how much how much does Bale
curl it he kills it not not on that much
apparently ah there's gold stick I need
is for third you know what guys these
paused it I'm gonna try something the
Duras is coming off for stoical although
we may not need it because I popped it
know what door is actually I'm so happy
he's coming off he's just a bit too slow
on the ball I don't like it we need
deliver though that's the question right
dammit no dummy he's really splitting my
defense apart right now but no good save
good save good save good save
that's fine that's fine I don't know how
I'm gonna score believe get a score
right now Oh
Stoick of you ain't done jack right
now
bail bail bail bail
damn it he's got ultra defensive and now
I up the corner as well you know
what I'm gonna have to go all-out attack
this is it this is my final chance after
tackling here and then pass it up and
then dummy
alright bail that's good enough that's
good enough but
turn in turn in all right and then fail
what are you do okay no I want three
cute thank you I have school it's like
going to go in they always though two
weeks you are what is it it's just white
it's white I'm out yes they always been
the biggest disappointment maybe I do
need more tries a few inches late he'll
I was in the semi-final and winning now
I know you're not gonna believe me any
of no reason to but trust me I genuinely
was I thought to myself yeah oh you know
just do the whole tournament again
hopefully get to the final and then
replay that and be like look attempt to
now I have eight tries remaining you
know object I'm not doing this again I
am done thank you guys for watching and
see
guys I'm scared I was on Twitter the
other day and there was there's a video
linked and they said I had to watch it
this video is basically a man telling me
of something that I have apparently done
which I definitely happen and then
threatening me because of it and I just
want to reiterate I have not done
anything he says in this video the title
of which is mini mentor Simon wedge man
Simon mentor you will
