guys I'm scared I was on Twitter the
other day and there was there's a video
linked and they said I had to watch it
this video is basically a man telling me
of something that I have apparently done
which I definitely happen and then
threatening me because of it and I just
want to reiterate I have not done
anything he says in this video the title
of which is mini min - Simon wedge man
Simon Minter you will troll me no more
with your child abuse content viral I
mean he even put viral in there so how
could that not go viral now before we
get into this video I just want to
reiterate the point do not go to his
channel and hate him okay you know what
let's just stop talking and let's
actually see what he's saying about me
silly I've been trolled by someone on my
youtube account and he's blocked me with
in loads of stuff to do child abuse
threats to kill the lot you name it he
has done it there we go that is that is
the summary of what I have apparently
done that I just want to clear up I have
done none of this I have never seen this
man before in my life I didn't know
about his YouTube channel I don't know
what he's on about and I definitely not
said anything about him doing any child
abuse or anything like that
I found out oh he is he's got a YouTube
channel called mini-moon touch em i n IM
i NT oh wait wait wait m i NT oh well
there you go maybe you misspelled my
name that's not even my channel i mean
if you watch this as well he's clearly
reading something so he is reading it
straight off the YouTube page and he's
still misspelling it what what does that
tell you that tells you that's not me
I've obviously been pretty worried about
this and him saying that I've done these
things which I haven't made me comment
on this video I said I am so confused
this definitely wasn't me sure it wasn't
a fake account that seems nice enough
right no he is back a day later I know
it was you fella a joke is a joke but
when you go on with the kid stuff and
threats to kill you're going overboard
just leave it at that fella I've seen
your Facebook account like you've seen
mine and trolled my football bans videos
and use my content on your fake account
this wasn't me it was traced back to
your location and came from your
household what the hell like and now
he's suddenly some mi6 agents I know
what results
apparently has been traced down to this
house I thought to myself I have been a
nice person here I've said I'm confused
it wasn't me you know what you sure it
wasn't a fake account as a logical
explanation why would I say that why
would I even bother commenting if that
was me I replied again honestly I have
no idea what I've apparently done but I
apologize for whatever it is and whoever
has impersonated me can you please
direct me to what account made it my
official Facebook account is and I've
linked my Facebook account
anyways back to the video he's named
Simon wait oh my god I'm done so he he
freakin thinks my name is Simon wedge
man he somehow managed to trace my house
through a Facebook post apparently
honestly I'm silence question life right
now yes Simon you are a troll you're
disgusting you see everything that
you've said about me or my family and
now I've got your address what the fuck
see why I'm fearing now this guy
apparently has my dress and now he's
threatening me another email 50,000 of
my people my friends my followers 50,000
of my people 50,000 of my 50,000 50,000
50,000 of my pay poles a ghost town I'm
sorry I'm sorry I just heard the number
and I couldn't resist on a real dough he
is email and 50,000 people his friends
in his followers so I am starting to
think that he is mi6 cuz for me to send
out 50,000 emails would take a long time
my only question here is does that mean
some of them will subscribe to my
channel they'll know what you were bad
who you are I'll put up pictures of your
face all over the internet again
seriously and everyone knows what a toe
Bob can't you are okay so now now he's
just flower in salt with me he's just
called me a - Bob cut pussy I don't even
know what that means
secondly now now I have no problem
insulting you because you have literally
just flat-out called me that I was just
saying my points you know just trying to
have a counter-argument here because you
have wrongly accused me of this but now
you're calling me a - Bob cunt
and if he's feeling this way about me I
am honestly kind of scared you can stick
out your pipe and
Connick maybe our paths will cross
Rousseau night didn't live ah oh no no
lies made me feel completely uneasy
as I said cousin I'm scared I mean I'm
actually terrified I mean he knows where
I live he said he's your a trimaran into
me one day I mean I guess everything's
all right yes yes that's it for today
thank you guys for watching and see
