I c√≠mon mentor the manager of what was
our team called I Simon mentor the
manager of the very best hereby resign
at the end of the season this is a sad
time for the club but I feel it is
necessary for them to reach their full
potential I don't know what I'm reading
this doesn't even say anything this just
says I resigned basically guys this is
pretty much the final episode there will
be one more episode which will be
live-streamed the entire season and I
ask you guys where I should stream it
whether it should be on Twitch whether
it should be on YouTube whether I should
do the stream and then cut it down to
highlights it seemed like the most
popular answer was to just do the entire
stream on YouTube and just leave it out
there so you guys asked for it so that's
what I'm gonna do now the question is
will I be live stream of myself in
division 2 or individual one based on
recent form it's going to be division 2
but we have two games today which are
the final games of the season we need 4
points a win and a draw if we lose our
first game we're out then my resignation
definitely kicks in the French team here
we go this is the last game that they
are gonna play in the normal episodes
this is really sad please stand up if
you want to me here we go guys the first
game saw a blue straightaway and got
worried but the team is ok the team is
actually very good and yes I am wearing
a blazer for some reason I don't know
why oh this isn't gonna be a fun game is
it look at this lag this is honestly
ridiculous I thought I don't know if I
can play with this this is this is this
is too much like there's such thing as
too much like come on Simon this is what
that training at my old house is all for
this one moment here we go
Lugo Oh know what it means actually pass
that to him you know what we can we can
do this we can totally do this we can do
this with oh we can we're back
come on the lag is this is this is too
much like that look at it look how am I
meant to play on this connection I beg
you just scoring on gold and quit a bit
I beg come on just for the cause for the
cause just do it No
no no no no holy honestly I caught it
took so long to change flour what nah
doesn't go in it that's a fuck you see
what happened there house you can't lose
the first thing because then I don't
know what to do like if we lose this
game then then we're already relegated
what not I didn't pass them as he done
it again Shirley's aside please
are you serious he's got another lucky
bounce almost ridiculous brauch
please Benzema hi alright that's the
beginning spin and then the chop no wait
that was gonna be a chop okay then
puss-puss and then dummy thank you now
lay off fucking oh shit fucks up or have
I give me another one
I'm doing that game script hi around the
wall what you know how hard it is to
make a tackle when the lag is like this
look I caught it's okay
now look now no like I think he's like
switching oh no
no no no no no I just miss 3-nil
actually can't be asked her out we've
actually got relegated already I'm
taking this off how am I going to listen
to some shitty LD connection like that
at least get one goal before before half
times please Simon please please please
with some other edge there is there is
to meet you pyre with the finesse wrong
foot mate hello hello there we go that's
one back ok it's not over just yet
someone make a tackle with someone
please I can't deal with the leg
I can't deal with the leg oh my god oh
my god because he just saved him is he
just ah a green bar like how do you how
do you give me a green bar when it's
like that
how are you giving me a green bar
connection with this please please
please pyah pyah ticket touch and shoot
why I mean we're already going attacking
now why not there's nothing else oh my
god we may as well go ultra tacky and
honestly can this guy just explain to me
how he can have fun playing in this
connection
please George George George that was a
horrible ball what the fuck is going on
I don't know what's going on this is one
of the most horrible games I've ever
played in my life and this is if this is
what division one is I don't want to be
a part of it this is horrible
look I press pass straight away how will
you know okay you know what
there you go and then how low are you
gonna take the ship or you know you're
injured now you're fricking injured as
well aren't ya and there's gonna be
another girl yeah cool you guys die
actually understand how you and I am I
have two games left the kid all I got
doing is win one draw one I know that's
challenging enough and then they give me
this shitty connection look okay ready
pass see how long that took please as
play min and please just fill up on you
think she just passed into his hands
wouldn't mind losing no but losing like
this this is the end of the game guys
here it is ready okay no you won another
corner before we end it I'm an go for it
have another corner I'm gonna pull up
this past okay and you just end the game
there it is
but actually really good thank you thank
you show me that back to Division two
that is a disgusting sight to see you
know what guys these are the players
I've got all of these players okay if
you want me to sell them at the start of
the stream let me know basically just
follow my Twitter and follow my snapchat
and I guess just make sure you subscribe
to my youtube channel because then you
will know when I'm going to stream this
final episode
who knows maybe if I get promoted in
Division two and maybe I will play
through Division two and try and win
Division one as well so I guess it is
time to hand this in thank you guys for
watching and let's hit the stream go as
well see ya pass get the ball pass it
Wow I'm being destroyed I didn't feel
like I was right you know because it's
already had one shot oh fuck get rid of
that no closing down de bruyne might be
time guys it might be time to bring on
Mike where Oh unless this edge of the
ball edge of the ball edge of the box
works Muller blank
