there's me it's me
right hi today we are doing these
special card draft what is that you ask
I have to pick a special card every
single time unless the river sea isn't
one but this is the order I choose them
give it a season or team of the Year
legend hero or orange inform normal if
there are the footies which are pink
then they go before all of them I've
definitely forgotten something but
anyway here we go formation 5 2 2 1
captain time and legend is led I said
legend before orange I think I've
already forgotten good George best
slightly episode very best strike a time
I come on me because season is befall of
them gonna do in a season oh shit I
don't think anyone's gonna link it oh oh
I also forgot international mine of the
matches all those cards at the end they
go with Fantas so very cool name our
team of the year is above them but nany
is above them we got Noddy in the
fuzzies god what am I gonna do I Fanta
oh I get choices Minami Rose
Gottemoeller just the same lead please
okay that doesn't even matter team of
the year right wing back okay oh no one
be like a really useful on my novel yet
second team in a year this is not going
wow awful come on give me at least some
link okay
he might link with someone not yet but
he may like she Lena I'm so screwed the
team looks colorful that's what that's
what matters there's nothing I clear
he's Ralph got cheese in I didn't point
out but that's kind of obvious he goes
red non rest
Oh booth one or far man who fun just
because I've got boss a glee may as well
use lay on six stats come on give me
someone
oh no he's I said he's with Francis
tonight so we can't use him we have to
use one of these - yeah ah come on
oh I didn't even I didn't even clock
that that's a 40 I think it's a fuzzy
anyway but Luiz Gustavo over Diarra
come on give me some 100 but I'll get
there we get bullshit to them yeah
another pink and Khedira I'll shit that
means I have to play him oh how am I
gonna fit him in DeMaria oh I get choice
of three actually four I said they're in
the same category
you know what imma taking a Bama yang
won't give me another good player that I
can know grow we have too many good
strikers I actually don't know who to
play what do we do here whatever okay we
just wanna we just want to get the good
players come on give me someone else
there's actually more too many years of
team and seasons than there are those
international matches
I should have realistically made those
higher but oh well you live in your
learn and we get all I'm gonna have for
DeMaria just so I can just keep mixing
things up up front and now whatever
sorry let me sort a team out I said this
is how the team is looking boom well
what we could do here is we could put an
L sure re on up near and said Nani and
we get plus four but I kind of thought
as the footage is so relevant right now
I thought well the relevant FIFA I
thought I should probably play all of
them hence why Kadir is playing centre
back then if we are struggling you know
we always bring on a DeMaria and in our
Aguero I think that's as good as we're
gonna get those into the draw and what's
his team gonna have oh that's a very
attacking team but he didn't do the
special cards because he's got some
normal cards I'm gonna abuse the pace of
a bama yang in this here we go where's
the place there's no that's not even a
mummy yang where is a bama yang here we
go here we go oh good start oh wait wait
the mummy hang with the pace or breath
dies of breath hi come on Wes where's
Jorge
give it to Nani Nani first time Ella oh
he's not good at passing is he gonna
learn that from real-life
George best big touch look at a place
that George
you would think that he's like 68 viper
shocking
it's a good effort Fred you're not think
that George West is like 69 years old
nanny beautiful beautiful can starve on
with the Fidesz Oh what wait no house as
a bunny and claiming that oh no Gustavo
to get that gold foot you where did this
here that's well that didn't even touch
him get rid get what get to emka term
why am i what am i but no no no no okay
this guy just needs a bit it's a bit
trigger happy even if you don't press
the trigger about to shoot whatever you
know you know what I mean get rid of
this run tackle own without great
tackles stop the cross way oh no better
fuck off I have five at a back and I'm
letting crosses don't let alone a little
bit of can you stop crossing at me can a
kilo and you go on George George
yes ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
no in a racist way who's this the
riskless George best do lecture
literally not stroking people please not
straight from kick
kick off in the 45th minute ah we're
back the two all have five at the back
and I'm struggling to defend the goal no
puss-puss nice pass
get the ball pass it Wow I'm being
destroyed I didn't feel like that was
right you know because it's already had
one shot oh fuck get rid of that no
closing down de bruyne there might be
time guys it might be time to bring on
Mike where Oh unless this edge of the
ball edge of the ball into the box what
ma blanket that is please big that's not
even a corner a bomber yang off for
agüero that's what we need to do for
now you know what I'm gonna try this
tight against Ted just take a touch
bananen Sal Dee oh I actually like that
way more than crossing I mean I know
that is crossing but I prefer way more
than crossing it straightaway
oh shit oh shit oh wait was one offense
oh I am actually gonna lose this I blame
agüero for this will this work I don't
know
oh it's causing confusion one George
nice turn there's our beauties how have
these big ugly heads in the way oh great
ball and finesse Oh follow you beauty
okay we're back in this three oh stop
trying that man every tie it was always
actually more eye-catching nope
nevermind okay he's doing the same old
type thing you know just from what
status a bit of a different tactic but
he is just trying to cross it still
where is he
yeah yeah yes oh my god come on I'm
outside George oh no why did I not oh I
should have taken it so much closer
you're asking you on the edge I see you
and Sal be and there's a horrible truck
leper game over mate 86 minutes not
letting get goal now guys do not do not
let him get no it just said it's game
over
are you serious that was such a good
goal to win do not lame with this make a
tap oh my god oh my god oh my god
actually not this game it's good that 88
spin it in the night I can't believe I
actually just gonna lost after that
incredible goal and I've lost I've lost
in the first round
I didn't even deserve to that's a drawer
written all over it do I even want a
price meat I mean it's the point in
these snow there's not there's no point
in this see look this nervous actually
can't believe I just lost that after the
most incredible goal my left back with
his right foot Russell for this draft
guys thank you guys for watching I'm
sorry I did so terribly but yeah see ya
just pisses me off 18 this is me million
wow this is our is only beat Olivia 18
million oh my god I'll take your fucking
mum's door if it's fucking hinges you
you don't want to mess with us man come
in twos will come in two minutes away
honestly I'm fucking trying to that's
what you want I'll fucking tighten well
understand
