remember what I said last episode I just
want to make everyone happy
oh not that this maybe I should do like
a livestream of the entire series the
boats are in and if I do not get
relegated you know what even if I do get
relegated I'm gonna live stream a long
episode of this I mean out I hope we
don't get really gay because we need one
win and one draw never know in Division
one also if we win one more game that is
the hundredth win of this series
it's a French team if you can win this
game we are pretty much safe in the
division one draw from three games I
like to think I'm safe at the same time
who knows what could happen all right
please let me oh god an orange Ypres
he's like March nemesis in this game
beast it is let's go I did not pay
attention he's where eyes wearing one of
the kits you get for winning something
unless that's the one you can buy I mean
we're gonna find out pretty quickly give
me yo guys were off and Jorge
there you go right we need to just play
a bit slower than normal we're doing
well here we are doing well but some are
but us wake finish quick increasing
let's do is turn around didn't do that
here we go Ribery no no no if he scores
- no he's looking for him please dude
cut this disgusting yep oh oh no no no
no
no no stop it
keep up wait get there come on oh my god
I'm gonna have to defend for my life
this game Oh
dad wait boss boss boss please just come
on oh my hood I literally I accidentally
shoot hens when did the fake shot but
this was not men that fake shot was
gonna be a pass Simon all I have to do
is just shut down his Ebro and I'm quite
I'm kuchi what did I just say what did I
just say I said shut down a zebra the
dangerous position was he broke 80
wasn't it
okay no eBrush taking the frigate you
know what he's not gonna past intervene
quickly puzzle run ah jump
oh no just talk you back in there you go
look at it we can actually have a little
counter on here
there we go round one yes back post
please make it to the back post oh wow
you serious wow I just done that oh you
got one full on chance and that part
should not work oh my god that was
amazing
you know what bang how does his Ebro
score but my George best con George best
his name is best off yeah you're
gonna
turn in and we all know it we all love
it I knew it you knew it he do it and
yeah I just can't stop it because it's
ypres a big I can find a way to into his
II broke it pissing me off massively
home stop giving it my no meds our time
honestly I don't harmless oh wait yes I
do
ebrill Ibrahimovic is just such a melt
okay Sanjay yeah just play all of them
on.i it's gonna it's gonna go across
it's going to crack what to say he is
really really struggling to defend but
he's he's not but he is at the same time
finesse oh no was that player he's
literally just getting that last line of
defense
I just can't beat that that is it
chuckle please please no
and jump bang thank you George Slade
doesn't matter anyway because it's
ibrahimovic honestly look I tackled him
they're a tackle him and yet he had glue
in his feet even then even then just
can't stop it you actually can't stop
Ibrahimovic on this game I know he's
good but come on I can get the ears look
he just took me down he literally just
you just push me over Brett and now it's
really somehow yeah he's got a
counter-attack I've actually like giving
up it gone
well mate yes there's a v 5-1 game over
ads go loud tank he was destroying me by
the end because of fracking Ebro well
now I'm not exactly confident about
staying division don't have E but don't
honey but don't have return okay and in
for Benzema 's maybe is bad
not quite but still a little bitch come
on guys let's just let's just do your
old routine wind
zooni fault mine what though come on
Darby and stretch those legs stretch
those legs i and then we go back down
and then we reel it back to the edge
take a touch and wow wow wow it is the
same freakin thing every time
all I needed what what he flailed his
arms that's all playing that doesn't
count
oh you don't have to do that come on
just give me one more chance one shot
all right you know what
what there he is well I should leave
them for a bicycle kick come on storage
from you lil sugar go on finish that
finished
of them my players have turned into
ghosts again great to see so many plans
like I go for a tackle and sometimes it
works is the exact same scenario quite
early book le book storage I want to
sell you
oh you missing that your storage he's on
two shots this is one of those days that
I just don't want to play any more games
because I know what this could lead to
me being relegated come on blow me up
for this what off okay you know what
actually I pulled off one of those steps
in the first game I'm not gonna complain
about that alright George best whip it
in and dab it silver last Clarion is
thinking on their forehead oh where are
they okay there's the ball in through
this oh I've never been frickin headers
please please please I are you know what
yobs alright oh hey that's where he died
through the post whack across in there
and storage just don't put any faith in
storage whatsoever okay I've got an
ultra attacking because we actually need
a go blamin sing such yo yo yo yo here
we go here we go this is it this is it
then
just then just George you know what I've
gone bottom right I took it very quickly
and easy dip course has oh my god
I'm gonna lose this game oh my god
that's gonna work out and then look
these got a man in the middle I'm
starting with the man in the middle get
to him I'm tackling him to stop a goal
he scored no he didn't wait he looks
cool okay we have one minute to get at
all and it's over
sweet this is a great game make great
 oh this game makes me so
yeah great yeah let's just do some
tricks in there shall we what is storage
doing honestly what is storage doing
right now well that was a great game
Anna yeah great
yep great one of them days guys well now
we have two games to get a draw and a
wind so I'm gonna end it there
next episode you'll find out from
relegated or staying in the division
either way I'm gonna livestream the
season I don't know whether I'll do it
on YouTube and leave the whole thing up
or do it on Twitch and then put the
highlights on YouTube let me know which
one you prefer hey guys watch it and see
this is the best team I've ever played
how can it not be I hate the vision one
I mean I've gotta play as if you know I
still have a chance don't I but I mean I
mean how much am i ok ok ok guys who win
it one nail again I feel like this is
how the game's gonna go now it's gonna
just be like him putting pressure on the
entire game and me having a couple
counter-attacks that get shut down very
very
