oh right why am i single I mean the fact
that I barely leave my bedroom is a good
start second that I play pokemon go all
day is another another good start you
know what there's a quiz for this why
are you single it's BuzzFeed I know
we're gonna crack down on why I'm single
and hopefully it gives me some
suggestions as to how I can fix this
well that's a nice sentence the starter
isn't it let's find out why you're alone
okay I can't wait to do this what's in
your fridge right now okay well there's
just condiments meats cheeses the works
leftovers from delivery just beer fruits
and veggies one container of spoiled
milk I mean it'd be a lot easier if I
just show you and it also means I can't
lie it's in the fridge you know look we
got some healthy stuff we got your goods
that's out of date that's that date
that's that date that's that date this
is a bad day we actually have takeaway
for once we don't normally have this I
promise and there's the condiments I
said so I mean we pretty much have
everything except the beer but this is a
solid this is the solid placement here
well you know what I think this is the
key thing this is the only thing in here
I'm gonna eat I mean that's not fully it
I mean I do have a mini fridge here as
well there's not some mini rolls we got
some that's empty we've got some juices
which are out of date okay I've got some
beer I'll eat them now look I'm a lad
I've got beer yeah Ladd points wait what
is it I got fuckin it out
fucking ale beer it's just the bad ones
isn't it leftovers or that container of
spoiled fruit juice will go for
leftovers how long was your last
relationship now I've actually never
been in like a serious relationship you
know that I've never liked these
suggestions you know like a few years oh
there you go I've never had a serious
relationship that's uh kind of
depressing it was one night wink wink
if people put that then they deserve to
be single but how long was your last
relationship
one night I wouldn't date that I mean
obviously it's a dude but I wouldn't
date that is your room clean right now I
mean I would say so
it's pretty clean okay I'm completely
lying it's it's such a mess just not the
camera shot isn't a mess
this is what my room looks like look
it's me it's me I promise it's me it's
Oh God I mean it just gets worse and
worse do that they're just kids worse so
just a facade it's just the facade I
tell you that's never been me it looks
neat on camera but it's not I know I'm
answering all of these wrong online
where do you go on a first date well
like honestly if a girl is down to go
Pokemon hunting then I'd go pok√©mon
hunter guessing that's not one of the
options what is there it okay drinks
dinner the movies of concert it doesn't
matter to me my bedroom yeah boy with
three eyes my bedroom yeah boy again
wouldn't date that I mean the people go
on dates anymore I know that's gonna
sound really lonely and you're gonna go
that's why you're single Simon well I
mean the last day I technically went on
I'd say it was it was a mix of dinner
the movies but in reality it didn't
matter to me we'll go in the movies that
was that was the main part the final
part was my bedroom good boy when's the
last time you showered well that is
really unfortunate because right now I
actually do smell a little bit but I did
shower this morning I say this morning
it was actually about 4:00 p.m. 5:00
it's about 6:00 p.m. when I woke up this
morning yeah last night I've never
understood that people who shower before
bed you do that you're weird
and for some reason many things all
white people do that my natural oils
cleanse myself okay fee for monster
using the word cleanse I bathe no ever
heard of Cologne
yeah it's a city in Germany this morning
I don't think this is going well I like
at all choose the thing most important
to you Pokemon that's not there is it
okay friends my faith family cute memes
my job money now okay it is family or
friends well it's family it's its family
cute memes I mean look at this no no
stick with families Island the final
question of this quiz is be honest do
you even believe in true love and I
don't know I mean luckily there's an
option for that so that kind of helps
but I don't I don't know if I do this is
gonna get all cheesy now so I'm just
gonna just stop and just okay okay you
got your to attractive plate that's not
really an excuse for being you know for
being single consider traveling to
another planet
Wow because no one on earth can compared
to the ultimate sexified being that you
are that's okay because you are above
these bogus earthlings anyway that's not
really okay because I can't actually
just go to space so you're effectively
saying that I'm alone but quince is
upset me guys said I'm too attractive
is it true this is hard you know for
some reason I turned like slightly
northern when I do that anyways we have
another quiz called are you a hot date
now this is gonna find out if I'm a hot
days and in the title you're kicking out
how spy who you hanging out with not
people that use the word kicking I mean
realist
I'm good answer this honestly I stick
with my mates I should totally change my
name to Minnie mingle house parties what
are those make a move on the hottest
person there well according to the last
quiz that's me I'm not doing this how
would you describe your parents Oh No
I mean none of those answers are nice
either I'm fully ugly that fully button
or I'm really big headed like too sexy
for you I'm attractive or I have a nice
personality that means I'm not
good-looking but I think I have a nice
personality fuck it I'm attractive
there's no other bad option don't judge
me fine I have a good personality which
of your physical features would you say
people notice about you I'm gonna go
with my body not because I'm gonna be
like oh look at me Abed it's because
every time I ever meet anyone they
always say whoa you're so tall I don't
know why I hang out with American
midgets but anyway you gave someone your
number when do you think they'll call
you actually did give someone my number
today was I mean ignore the fact it was
you know like my 70 year old neighbor we
have to go pick packages up but never as
usual in a day or two yeah there should
be a package there actually a couple
days don't know but I will be right next
to the phone waiting or later that night
everyone has their phone on you know my
phone is on the floor right there next
to me what kind of dates are you into
what I'm a man I usually date women yeah
that date anything that walks this quiz
apparently caters to all kinds of
ethan's how did you break up with your
last dates as I said I don't really had
a serious relationship so phone I guess
it was just a mutual text conversation
oh no that's so sad oh no no there's a
there's a lull in the conversation what
do you do I would probably ask them
about their job but if I had one night
to live
what would I do I would I would wah
it says have lots of things I would try
to have a lot of sex which I guess
counts as email every match on my digs
the fuck's sake spend time with loved
ones that's why I would do no I wouldn't
have sex I mean I tried to do both
not-not-not saying that I would you know
intertwine them that's gross
you're moving to a crowded party and
there's a hottie standing in your way
what would you do I probably just tap
their shoulder and just be like yeah I
it's not northern its cockney that's why
I keep doing what's your favorite treat
on a hot day putting my beach chair and
the kid oh my god Oh in my kiddie pool
okay it's definitely ice cream it's and
there is a you but I don't know who made
this quiz it could be like a 42 year old
fat man named Keith your apple pie on a
scorching day what do you do take a dip
in the pool that's what I always do how
would you describe the way you usually
kiss someone for the first time um
awkward I guess I mean I guess press the
lips against yours when you're talking
to someone where you look in the floor
the ceiling their eyes them up and down
at their picture no no ah Keith classic
Keith always on Facebook looking at
girls
I say I'm a very awkward person you can
probably tell this I mean yeah normally
end up by having a conversation you know
start the conversation like this and
then slowly you know delve away from eye
contact you know looking around stand
kind of almost side on not say anything
how's work going
I guess the floor in the ceiling would
work alright so I put in my age and now
we wait for the results yeah yeah why do
I need a quiz to tell me what I can't
get a date and the results are in I am a
cold day if you don't think you're hot
chances are others won't think you're
hot loosen up a little it can hurt the
fuck are they talking about well we
found out that I can't get a girlfriend
and apparently I'm never going to so
yeah that's all for today thank you guys
for watching and I'm so alone see ya
oh whoops was on that story okay right
luckily she got you know that's when he
should you got unit big what what see
what they say
I don't know what was just said crane
yeah oh yeah we'll make them hold up Fox
was a dolphin having sex is an elephant
what is your favorite color and why
