what's up guys welcome to a snapchat Q&A
I love how tied in my room books when
realistically there is a mess they're
there they're there and even on screen
there's one over there now so questions
quite a while ago hence why I got this
as one of my questions today which by
the way obviously France
anyways normally one else a question
have to accept snaps from everyone this
is what happens
so I spent all of today of finally
fixing that so that I actually kept some
of the questions and now I can answer
them for you what's up dude there's like
it's gonna be one of those days
Oh burning of a fuck sake I the way they
did is like Oh as if it's like oh look
it's so cute
but no you just let your pussies burning
stop okay so when you are stuck on an
island with the sidemen who do you eat
first and why you for filming the wrong
way around don't feel snapchats that way
no one watches snapchats that way so
then why would you film it like that
anyway anyway going stuck on a desert
island which of the Simon would I eat
first
I mean Tobia probably sacrifice himself
first it'd be that nice guy that goes
you know what guys if you need to you
can eat me sounds really gay I think I
just wait and see you the first argument
was or who was helping the least and
then yeah eat them cuz you know if
you're on a desert island you gotta like
build a shelter you've got a hunt for
food etc if there's someone just kicking
back getting a tan there my dinner again
sounds really weird then who is your
favorite I'm a Leeds United fan in case
you know they are the championship team
I mean if you'd asked me that like Oh
like 15 years ago you may have heard of
them if you pick any new in the wall and
League
any country for a 7ex you do against
what team would it be and what its goal
would be either good for Leeds as I just
said I'm a Leeds fan or I'd go for
someone like Roma drink just like a play
against you know like the likes of
Ronaldo Bale etc either way we're gonna
lose I mean we may get a go if they
think this is a charity match and decide
that we are the charity and give us a
goal oh whoops was on dick story okay
right we got you know looks when he
should you got unit big what what see
what do you think
I don't know what was just said crane
yeah yeah we'll make them whole Oh fucks
why the dolphin having sex is an
elephant what is your favorite color and
why well favorite color is red but I
didn't really know that there was
reasons behind color favoritism oh you
know whoever finger Joseph who dorky
come cake
that is the best phrase I have ever
heard I think it only works with accent
though you don't dick come cake then
when slightly Indian there probably
didn't work hi Simon
I was just wondering what's your
favorite TV show at the moment Oh
I mean if you're going at the moment
technically you'll probably be How I Met
Your Mother just cuz I'm rewashing
through the whole thing I've already
seen it once and no spoilers there is he
gonna move I swear he's pranking himself
this is what you do that other people
not yourself stop come on stop stop
watch porn mmm I really need to finish
this Q&A please all right Simon can you
speak Swedish
yeah well Club that's not a Jamaican
does mana mean yes of course I don't
speak any Swedish what's it like to be
ginger
oh I'm not is that it there was a reason
I was the 2009 water flippin County
champion
so assignment if you have to choose a
seventh Seidman who would it be
my mini-mental why do you not have a
girlfriend why are you lonely bastard
hey stop rubbing it in okay stop rub it
in your happiness although you're
probably not gonna have a girlfriend if
you keep filming the back of her head at
night I mean I'm not an expert on a
ships but that seems kind of weird and
creepy
that's where every youtubers better than
you you're my eyebrows about amuse
Christian names that was so mean I'm
sorry I didn't actually mean that I mean
you did insult me first seven second
challenge with tourism um what the hell
is this but I mean I admit I mean yeah
I'm just saying it looks like a seven
second challenge with tourism dude do
not move there is a vendor net on your
head hey Josh fuck off hey Josh hey Josh
hi hi
stop it you will never be my background
that is for calyx or should fully
technique huh pulling pulling technique
I use some sharp lines like this you
like Harry Potter because I want to
partner with you Oh like poki wad cuz I
went to poco with you oh my god I love
those like I just love the laugh right
you know what guys that is all for the
snapchat Q&A today thank you guys for
watching I hope you enjoyed it follow me
on snapchat to know when I'm doing
another one thank you guys watching
