conflict has begun in the comments I've
wondered how long this would take turns
out not very long I have been told to
get a Portugal team instead of the
French team some of you weren't happy
about it like him wins and now I don't
even know what to do I'm halfway through
building a Portuguese team but what do I
do
I just think every what happens I'm
going to do that by winning two games
today I said earlier if I get relegated
this season I think we're gonna have to
end the series if not I want you guys to
let me know what to do maybe I should do
like a livestream of the entire series
or no series but inside season subs -
you let me know in the comments down
below that's why we need to let me know
either what should I do with the
Portuguese team do I carry on do I not
do I keep the French team and if I do
get relegated or if I don't get rid of
yet but I'm not gonna win the title what
do I do
but now Division one give me a party oh
my god this is the best team I've ever
played how can it not be I hate the
vision one
I mean I've gotta play as if you know I
still have a chance don't I but I mean I
mean how much am i okay okay okay guys
who win in one nail again I felt like
this is how the games gonna go now it's
gonna just be like him putting pressure
on the entire game I'm having a couple
counter-attacks that get shut down very
very easily come on the problem is his
players might be too good but it doesn't
even matter that I can read it because
he can just get back when everyone
come on cyber that's right alright now
we have a bit of pressure now we have a
bit of pressure look at this and then
cause it what caused it one more and
then for this I should have passed it
one more Spencer we should know we are
defending like a fucking monster now we
just need to learn to attack like one
and then we're all good grunt whoa wait
what you buting she's two new against
this team what is what whoa whoa whoa
this better be him yeah we got the wind
celebratory jellybeans
no no normally with one screw at the
french team could play again what's this
one gonna be okay I'm Ashley more
worried by that team but at least we've
won one game today so even if we lose
another we've got
we've got one winner other way we are
one win closer to safety in this
division but here we go look at this
ball Ribery
whips and purpose crap so you should
have scored their name a brand it was
Laporte a here we go gone what's run one
runs there you go and then that's all I
don't say that I screw it we're going
again there there he is
Ripper e pick touch okay he's tackled me
very very easily I'm in trouble or am i
oh my
no I'm not I'm winning my George vs. is
coming into the zone of the French team
the BBL and there we go look at that
from Pittsburgh come back Lopez Bren and
birds above it that was the calmest
finish I've done ever these are the days
where I feel like I should do more than
two games far side
come on Benzema fight tick touch yeah
things are turning in for you're not cuz
you're gonna pass it back and there pass
it in and then finesse but oh I thought
I was in on the stroke of half-time we
get a corner and his keeper comes out
and collects it but wait wait no no
don't let him have a chance
don't let tough time and I'm winning and
I deserve to be just hope we can keep it
up for another half okay what did I just
say summon just said just stay meaning
and I win I mean there's kind of obvious
I'm pretty saying everyone realized that
what's in what's it one more one more
all right and then dummy oh if I could
just got that little nail - George come
on could we please just get another goal
please go run at the ball I mean we are
like dribbling around him a little bit
but we're not why might like that why am
i passing it there Benzema should is a
shot them on - give me another girl
why's that straight to the goal you've
got nine minutes left not win that nine
minutes not nine minutes pass it okay
and then or Greece born
oh why I think it's safe to assume now
we've got two minutes left I'm - nila
I I think it's safe to assume with one
especially with a chance like that
and that's a gate with one with one
there it is
two out of two wins no I'll do a third
game if we can win this game that we
need one point in next episode just to
be safe for the same that if I win this
game in only four more wins to entirety
me
Oh God five back here we go can we get
three out of three wins never ever like
this firstly I don't have a play three
games secondly I don't normally win most
of my games where is what events on ok
ok guys where what just happened but on
a serious serious note what is going on
what is going on right now get me get
rid of the ball all right how am I going
to do this how am I going to do George
best is gonna be the guy to do it if
anyone is this guy is good that is not
pen I say that because it definitely
wasn't run run run run oh no no no no no
run no oh please please read it over
goal Sanchez I can't knock this guy he
is good oh but what the bays are
disgustingly bad kick let me go though
yo take such Wow Oh but why did I why
did I not just carry on dribbling he
fell over right in front of me I swear I
struggle with like five of the bags so
much and yet he is just destroying me up
front I really can't decide if I prefer
the BPL team or the French team every
every episode it seems to change Sanchez
please Sanchez smashed like that what
was that ok I don't know how I'm going
to win this game but we still have a
chance slowly there's only one nail
we've got a chance I mean the stats
urges of the tongue oh what'd I just say
about being one
keeps just going down the wing what were
you doing make a tackle someone please
that's nice nice nice nice but this is a
good defending MA he just loves his
freakin wings that he always just little
it'll definitely try and dribble it in
or pass it in do not no no no oh oh no
come on game over now I mean he's got
five at the back how do I beat five at
the back look he's on the way again and
was he going to eat he actually shot
this time and it just perfectly bounces
back to him
this game just loves feeding the striker
well we lost this game
we now need one win and one draw to stay
in the division let me know what you'll
need to do after that or if I get
relegated what you want me to do thank
you guys for watching and see it was
like thinking with that car how could I
ever get around in something so small I
was such an idiot it's not it's not
moving it's not moving so guys this is
my brand new car I got BMW i8 a bullet
