guys what's going on and welcome to a
random video done what already or
changes channel basically we're reacting
to our old videos together so anyway so
I'm changes channel we reacted to videos
of us that were on his channel we're now
where we at since videos of us on my
channel if that makes any sense that I
will leave a link to JJ's video in the
description below so yeah you can go
watch us react to some about older
videos on your channel
oh yeah cuz yeah I don't think outside
YouTube for most of them the first video
we're gonna watch is ducks in Vegas this
is our first trip to Vegas because that
was that was everyone that when it was
Josh in the front and then us three oh
yeah it's kind of cool just showed the
room for the next like a couple minutes
okay I'll figure it out later Louie I'm
doing with okay that's a getaway big see
- this video was actually recorded all
in one night Vegas for five days we got
these bits and then let's just record -
all right so the second video is the
sideband patience this is obviously just
us but you had quite a big fight
Oh would you like be willing - no no not
not sit here would you be willing to be
pardoned oh yeah pretty sure everyone
would be down to do stuff I'll do
another patient and you'll be Barbie yes
yeah okay
oh yeah that was the worst part
just off the boat
I would just cover my face I'm allowed
to do this because I know you tried yeah
you're wearing that because I don't know
why you actually wearing out this side
of court light you told us about
physical violence brother this noise
okay you know I might do for the next
one
I might just way cause I'm kind of
changing my mind the face of a break I
actually really appreciate that they got
rid of all the tuna juice on my face so
this side if we do it again you're
actually gonna feel
yeah around here if you're doing that
video is the gonna do it hold like this
even
every question you are looking for
something like the old papers done I
actually remember this so well because
it was bashed in to me
oh because of like the trauma happening
in my head I remember this so well I
remember every question how many of you
answered haven't even answered them
you're there you're doing all right the
final videos not that all but it's the
QA
this took so long because we have to get
the perfect question even now I don't
think we did it was about yeah I did
enjoy it this is the weirdest dinner
I've ever done in my life yeah what
why is going on
because all the other do nothing oh
she's so good the you came up with the
last one
this one using anything found in your
fridge
serious all of these are really winds
down you can see it look at your face
you were thinking about it you're
actually thinking about you're not
looking at me thinking about yes we
would charge yeah I guess yeah I know
oh then the five girls that go crazy
whose cars foster have a race to design
then now I owe sake the scene
you said earlier facing that way cuz I'm
like crying one day this is your idea
oh my god you see how weird we are
you're finally seeing it from an
outsider's yeah yeah how weird we are I
did some right so as I said we'd have
done a video reacting to videos on
Jana's channel of both of us I will
leave a link to in the description below
also link this channel if it all
subscribes some reason go subscribe all
you've come from his channel so yeah
thank you got to watch it so in two
thousand likes and a patience test will
be coming you know what screw it why no
thanks for watching peace she wants to
be my one night now she wants me to I
just wanna be free I just wanna do me I
just wanna do any and then
feelings and our depicts I like you
belong
