oh this aisle this chair this is the
most requested thing on every draft
video today I have the greatest draft
the Builder in history joining me go on
my down here vikkstar123 is here okay so
the challenge everyone has set me is for
you to build a draft for me and I'm not
allowed to help you so I'm just gonna be
back here making some faces we've just
submitted yourself to torture oh I I
have to play with this team after so
please twily knife fights back to back
okay so I just pick a shape I like I
made a huge mess today
I like this fun surely I can't be going
wrong already oh my god I thought they
okay is a no-brainer it's a no-brainer
right it was a no-brainer I begged I
told me your timing of that all that no
brain exist two ladies not changing now
and also now you're not helping just
like the decision is done okay I would
hang on someone else
okay let's start off with the middle the
core of the team what options I have oh
wait do you see look his flag matches
but his like his his League matches
oh I'm sorry so I got it McCarron oh I'm
sorry I'm gonna put someone in here
that's gonna gonna collaborate with both
these guys gonna hit collapse this is a
huge well this is youtuber this isn't
you choose so don't know you know our
same country same league you know same
country this is this is a squad right
here they got yet orange line that's
good stop crying Oh mate I'm onto a
green line upgrades since Shirley
actually just go for each blue this is
arigato Muslim League hell yeah why are
things different but different teams in
the same league
I'm sure yeah sure he's got these live
yes they favor the same team as well I
do yeah I knew that I definitely know
hun just flashes of Harry oh my head
screaming his blue okay he's a good
bloke
you're moving
why they don't giving me the right place
here they are you start oh dear if it
helps none of these players pounds
they're all terrible we'll kick Bradley
oh can I just move them somewhere else
that helped but yeah I look at that big
striker position
please sir on teller okay how about I go
for Murata just Bradley my Bradley's
fucking up my feet I'm gonna change the
change in with the world left right what
I was doing saving hide in here damn it
oh my god you bucket can this guy fuck
off he's fucking up my team oh you can
ask this one the Ben hi I'm gonna put
they got a goalie first ok surely I
can't really go terribly wrong here
you can't go wrong now they're all
terrible cool story bro ok yeah let's
get rid of Bradley these are all bad
right yeah my MA oh these he's blue ha
ha ha what's happening he's sure carry
on
needs to be placed in a weird position
any major right back
oh I think I got one night you want that
this right now and I mean you your left
position will be a goalkeeper and this
would be a midfielder so you could get
good sentiment
damn it back he's not he's nothing I
found out he's blue though I don't know
Blair he doesn't fit good next one is a
striker these are both like attacking
positions so surely aren't DeMaria I
surely named ah yeah cos he yeah
Barcelona yeah Neymar yeah I did it good
Ronaldo no man's good man
ok yes who you take here um I'm gonna
take the ball just good decision back
again two of them two of them would fit
right now
a blonde one ma just me with him yeah
improved as it is you've done decent nur
okay it's gotta be another improvement
you keep a few quiet I don't think there
is a maybe maybe I'll swap one player
around that's it I know what I'm gonna
do with the results what I'm gonna I'm
gonna press a magical button oh hey I
found you I live at a sighs good riad
you actually done well that was the Hat
this is your last decision for today
who do you want out yeah fuck it he's
got the most hair so there you go this
is your squad your bill but I'm gonna
have to play with you at 174 honestly
yes solid solid a five-star rating right
so now I'm gonna have to play with this
squad see if I can win the draft Thank
You Vic for doing this after I the Hat
as well okay where the hounds it comes
with the teeth but I may have to wear
like this so I can whether it's part of
a package okay now on your head but how
am I gonna wear the headset you're gonna
put the hat on that sir
okay I mean that's the team I wanted him
to play but you know what was doing see
Vic made it's still decent I don't know
what's gonna be harder winning the draft
or playing and having this stay on my
head here we go
187 my team is actually rated higher by
pausing it do not quit do not quit here
we go lads we've got a game yeah he's
brought on Ebro for sure ooh something
about this team just feels a little bit
wrong but then it's the formation here
we go here's our first place oh what Oh
bollocks
ebrill you need to leave you need to get
out of my house
the pitch is metaphorically my house
here we go da ba la Ben wait here's the
discord error
all my goals are gonna be headers you
know why cuz head this weight head
nothing to do with heads they're gonna
be straight from kickoff no it's not yes
it is yes it is no it's not don't be a
pen guys what a foul again Lisa's into
the area
wait no oh my god that one that one
actually probably was a foul mouth pass
about an entire ball oh wait still
press I was with where's my fouls this
has to be a big tackle big tackle big
missed it missed the ball and then he's
gonna have to pass it he's gonna he's
going to pass he's not passing 82 scored
well Vic this is your doing I kind of
like this you know if I lose I have an
excuse I mean the only reason I'm losing
anyways because he has slapped on
Ibrahimovic why don't I ever get cool
this ain't cool get rid of the ball okay
we have a team of the season bars Agee
and now it's halftime I'm losing in the
first round and I deserve to be in my
defense Vic has chosen one of my least
favorite formations Oh boom fun with the
challenge of the game who would have
thought my goalkeeper would be making
the best tackle not again not again not
again Gabe are Poupon you could have
saved that one screwed is stupid no no
it's been hooked ah ah I felt like a
swamp monster just an ax all right you
know what screw it ultra attacking let's
go stay back stay back stay back is only
pea soup on thank you for finally
reaching the ball just going all-out
attack guys why not there's nothing else
to lose except more dignity which you
have a much of right now but spend the
whole game wearing a hat the fuck are
you serious oh my god that's a red that
was meant to be a cross you know those
games where your players just don't
really do what you want them to and
everything just seems to bounce the him
play I tackled him again how many
tackles glad to make 14 minutes left and
I need to go the problem is I'm already
on as attacking as I can be and I have a
man down remember let's not forget that
my fail fail yes nice
nice okay we finally go in we're finally
going let's go Messi go
you know what just poor ballin we
haven't been crossing and that's why
where is our players let's see
please oh that wasn't even a good
attempt than that
ah how he just don't want to weigh
Maratha
I'm just the gate we have seven minutes
left here we go Murata one more come on
oh ma come on look at us never get us
who drawn we've actually got the draw
which means it's gonna go to extra time
unless you get one more Atta matter get
the D no no I said I get one more not
you I said me me uh stop pause back
we're into extra time honestly I swear
this game is easy with ten men oh okay
yeah
straight from kickoff sorry Vic but we
had to what see look like that why am i
passing
that's what Messi up front because we
only have one striker right now it
matters when you're crossing like that
and he's just got another one he's just
it's game over now it's easy with ten
men when you get that momentum then if
it's a break in the game you're screwed
I can't believe this has actually all
come from that fork in
hi this is all come from that red card
where I actually tried crossing it and
he ended up sliding let's go let's go
let's go let's go
what is that for a pass it's what's out
collette's out because bars a Glee is a
monster me mod me mod is lost of all
Nemo Nemo Nemo breath Brett you see that
well guys safe to say we have lost it's
got one minute left and
it's over I have failed Vick today how
have I lost in the first round the team
wasn't even that bad
Vick if you were watching this I just
want you to know and truly sorry okay I
did I tried my hardest the cake and I
don't want to blame you because the team
was good but I have let you down Vic and
I promise I will never let Mick down
again even though we did just got
Hummels you know what - screw you this
anyways that is all for today I finally
done what you wanted me to do let me
know what else you wanted to do in the
draft take us watching and soup but
there's still blue and purple come on
guys pretend this is the Euro final and
you want revenge pretend they are
Portugal George best just do ever you
want because you know you weren't in a
game there but whatever you know what I
mean breathe man what's he gonna do was
he gonna dip and chop oh oh oh please
haha I'm not even mad - really smashed
one of those in Martha
