division-one the bane of my life not
this vain this Spain you guys told me to
get the Portuguese side instead of the
French side because they won the euros
this was the top comment but I'm going
to slowly build this team as well and
then I will sell my French team as well
but based on that team I should be able
to afford it quite quickly anyway so
Renard ofc here we go there's the team
that you want me to buy we will go
through this slowly buying the players
that we need start with the goalkeeper I
guess how much is he is 1000 that's
alright it's informers a little bit too
expensive so we're gonna just go for the
normal one and a bargain 900 next up
right back Cedric done on sale wanna get
you informed ma'am it's just too
expensive
we'll get the normal one eleven hundred
coins we got to eat what we have to
build the whole team today see this one
I'm not sure by its 1100 476 rated left
back and the final player I think we're
gonna get today Pepe three and our
thousand coins that's the defense done
next episode the rest of the team will
be complete
back to Division one we won our first
game we are in a good position we need
to win to attitude today it's up to the
French team for the first game just
please be nice to me pool to pool man
what the hell I know they're all like
low rated team of the seasons and stuff
but they're still blue and purple come
on guys pretend this is the Euro Final
and you want revenge but then they are
Portugal George best just do ever you
want cuz you know you weren't in a game
there but whatever you know what I mean
Griezmann what's he gonna do was he
gonna dick and chop oh oh oh please haha
I'm not even mad - really smashed one of
those in lava
go for post far post see you in there
but it's a whole week out as it was
offside for a second feds above great
run one nil don't let him come straight
back from a corner in a gobby don't
censor something just don't them get
don't name school ah yes
your stories like and you can have your
title back as the broken goalkeeper okay
get rid of this is less unless you're
broken you're broke you're actually
broken why do my keepers always come out
and not get the ball I swear it's only
mine oh hello hello what everything is
so much more serious you guys actually
realize my life depends on Hampl playing
through British red pen something no
where the hell is my tick there you go
there you go there you go birds of all
for this turn around turn around you
little rat what are you doing by you
know what liar you're a beast just go
back to coach brush come on please say
his keeper comes out and doesn't touch
it no he catches it my keeper doesn't do
that reeseman he doesn't have a good
goalie just put one of the top corner
evil laugh rant glory state seemed that
that wasn't even as far that was further
than the last one I mean last time and
it's one or what said a draw isn't good
enough and we are all over him okay here
we go he's made a little mistake at the
back but can I get crossing is that a
good cross as keepers he won the last
one Pie's defense very very solid and
his attack is obvious is incredible
blocking not gonna catching
if you just keep passing about in the
area like this and I God do anything I
think it blocking things but I'm not
getting anywhere go dink touch and shoot
touch and shoot touch it oh I gotta give
it him he has been all over me this half
guys I'm not going to win this game I
don't know what I can do but he is he's
pretty solid this guy how is he gay all
of these chuck that didn't make sense I
don't know how I'm winning this not
everyone in the gym I don't how I'm even
drawing this game that's it we actually
are you know what I'll take a draw I
know we can't take draws in Division one
and the special circumstance is like
getting shat on we can yeah then I was
shot in the second half he had quite a
few now we really need to win in this
BPL time apparently we're playing
against Real Madrid not that there's a
single real madrid player we need to win
thus the most for this episode holy cow
where is my defense gone for concern I
have defenders in this team pretty
pretty so I also have a goalkeeper I
surpassed that he's a bastard even for
Oh guys look how defensive he is as well
look at all the players back oh my god
oh my Dave right George George I was
gonna be a fake show how does he keep
getting the ball back look every tackle
I make ready wait wait no that passed
and even how look every pass is
effective every frickin pass are you
serious oh my baby
oh my god is Mugabe no just have a
little go with Yaya tour√© bang one up
yeah of course
alright here we go here we go first
attack it again first attack traitors
keeper caught Whittle it again an attack
well guys at least
we made it to halftime without any more
goals so I think like what done fun this
is exactly what the last game was like
in the first half and yet I was one
Nilla gonna be another freaking Steve on
the division one in fact I might even
get really it I've already told you guys
about your Ella gated it's over what do
I do like do I just go for crosses what
breath breath that's a full-on like hand
to the face
rooster take for this for this bang we
gotta go back there you go and bang what
no that was a big touch dummy dummy
George bursts George best thinking in a
but we got two back laughs Oh George
must double it and pick up great back
surely he is just playing me for a fool
right now here you go here you go just
footballing just pop all in ah okay you
know what no no no no we just need that
one little mess-up all right no no there
we go a draw and a loss isn't good
enough in an episode what do we do if we
get relegated it's awful I mean next
episode I'll have my Portuguese squat we
need six wins at seven and a draw let me
know what to do guys thank you guys for
watching see it being at least we get
some coins for finishing the division I
mean if that with that benefit try and
look for some positives here guys
I don't see congratulations like that's
an achievement after that game I
actually want to sell the French team
but now we're using the BPL team please
don't let me down I mean this thing is
solid
maybe I can have a better center back
maybe a left back all right back it's
solid around back to division one to
start and we place
