hey guys what's going on and welcome to
Google feud this is like Family Fortunes
except it's guessing what the most
searched terms are or phrases are on
Google does this mean you consider me
family Google feud not family feud I had
to say food to him to get there
what means I was like is Google food and
he was like food okay I'll do it
we're gonna be just playing Google feud
and seeing how far we can get us in a
lot of other people do this and yeah I
think we have a good Channel I'm excited
got this I mean hmm
doctor what is name manly things in it
choose a category culture people names
questions questions questions are always
okay how does google also complete this
query is it okay to swim with it's gonna
how would I know that
no that is delicious you know how racist
the internet is okay that's not that's
not me thinking the professor such thick
ah okay I want to stay sharp
yeah I was gonna say is is gonna be some
sort of like animal or something
yeah it could be shots is it okay to
swim with Bob our own I'm diggin some
sort of STD oh that could be a shower
yeah I don't know how sense of this is
them don't wanna put gonorrhea because
don't have the spelling to say if you
have to spell it go for it now I'm not
gonna you know well let's go a shot
let's try it
sharks like it some shot let's go mmm
okay we're not we're not good at those
headphones oh actually I quite like that
okay this is three fails around we
rounding like a cold dolphins and a
tampon in how do we not think of that
mollusk and Kentucky Oh school so that's
uh no butter that's a spell day to go
some pink eye fever ringworm cold that's
all right just ring round so fancy
that's all like gonna read it but I'm a
sprained ankle yeah exactly
from the last time you caught a sprained
ankle yeah at the same time you had
gonna read there's good names
thanks all right Obama has to be Obama
Michelle Obama bang
Michelle Kwan why does Keegan come to my
old Michelle Keegan could what I can't
think i I keep looking a collage Ivan I
know what if they just put Obama but
spoke wrong mister damn it
okay I'm sorry that we haven't heard of
these people okay next round would we go
for I should go back to questions yeah I
feel like question questions as well do
fish ever
Grameen Oh drown that has to be well but
that's number five sleep sleep sleep is
asleep sleep yeah you're good at this
what would the fish ever jump you want a
roll right now yeah I don't know I mean
action role go do fish ever stop
swimming no yeah I want to try water
fish fish fish just try don't walk I me
I mean I'd be interested in civil war we
have one more guess I'll take it the
fish of a far no wait get thirsty blue
fish ever Google cubed wow that is just
yourself up she is you a cheap link
bling heart breakers any of this fish
ever Google for you dude no they don't
the fish I'm all viewers might be fish
man culture cult you really Google are
you racist okay so shit a bit Google are
you I'm gonna say gay homosexual yeah GG
yeah Google are you that no no no no
dumb are you human
oh I'd be a good one Google are you
there now that would be that I said
though I said verbatim okay next round
thanks to the three sheep is Ola yeah
Timothy DeLaGhetto I saw I was seeking
out how to spell it
deadlight get to know to the Dolson how
you spell it
boom don't know you know when you're on
the spot yeah it goes oh yeah a hundred
said honestly I promise you we're not
stupid but do a stupid
I'll get we're not you I've been hanging
out with Ethan more and more and then
live with JJ exactly I've caught
something
of course we brain men could haha of the
same time yoga I don't have good timothy
headman mr. Timothy Hutton Timothy I
body fun do you know what have to see in
those answers I don't think we did they
are I with that next round which one
choose one choose questions questions is
it possible to lie I was going to say
that lie but people know that it's not
possible okay well I'm just gonna throw
out there suck yourself I don't think
someone would I think I feel that most
people wouldn't have searched suck
yourself they were penned up that's true
suck your end it yeah yeah they would I
don't think they're crazy about you
sucker into grow yeah I've searched that
a lot what fine you say about the
opposite what about the opposite what
about shrew really
okay people in doubt me yeah this is
this just Yoshi I make searches yamming
so is it possible to lose weight be
alert allergic to water
yeah why not no I didn't lose weight
please alright let's do it fuck me
people put lose weight or like why
there's white lose whiteness is weight
oh come on lose a pound a day that's the
same thing
oh sorry you know it is we're not stupid
enough to ask these questions which
actually pisses me off this local person
things out cheat codes for nez the fuck
is that Nintendo cheat code for nez 64 I
don't know Google dude stop advertising
is up right as close with James Bond not
Mario Zelda mainland and then Memphis
let's just forget that round of a half
alright let's go with Windham people my
eyes look bred in Vegas yeah come on are
you shedding shit tired ed throw that
round the way to this is going
terrible's go people to get my armpits
smell like eggs I know why it's a date I
don't know why you said eggs and okay
nice listen we're doing so bad up it's
more like children why my armpits smell
like sweat like surely no one searches
that know they would mmm
skunk tacos is it safe to travel when
pregnant shorter - oh is it safe to
travel to pregnancy is it safe to travel
- good baby space that's a good one
is it that's a real Oh for real how many
rounds are there unlimited rounds and
you can just keep playing all right so
this is round 11 now we've seen
jacksepticeye went to round 15 I think
you've got like 87,000 and maybe 90,000
we're gonna just try and beat that can
the government control minds I was going
to say minds it's cuz they're
controlling us minds I don't I don't
know anymore for media I don't feel like
you would oh okay I'll take it back I
think about yeah government control me
look at mine meet me yep me
seriously there is immigration which was
before flipper coin heads terrorist
tells immigration okay
it's a service head service yes
I'm covered again I'm Kevin grazier
immigration hmm
your whether your mind your cycle
happens oh come on
online team the fact is you have to
literally get the exact wording right
one of these times we're gonna get a car
one of these days we're gonna get very
easy one go for a cop okay just the car
back up I'm gonna baby baby wait really
you'd be surprised fuck fuck you
cellphone yeah let's go for it oh my god
what is where can you sell a soul where
can you sell a drugs that's up that time
sounds more sellable in review computers
gonna be there now as well yeah I am
almost tempted to go fuck if you come
here let's go for it why not yeah why
not we got 17,000 points
damn MC we're not gonna get that laptop
more questionable question okay can you
still buy drugs Pokemon cards I feel
like that would be unfair and it's
relevant right now rather very relevant
mmm and apparently if you try tapes stir
up we're so bad can you still buy radios
I feel that the world is that done we're
doing terrible anyway Girl Scout cookies
a lumpy profit I'm sorry I'm looking
we're not we go we're going for one more
questions what we go to more friendly
well how does if you microwave your
phone a phone yes a phone my there's
gotta be something to do with the phone
here there's one that shrinks when you
microwave it crisp packets and Chris
bucket yeah Chris bucket it's gonna be a
phone there's gonna a great chocolate
right why great because have you seen a
great cleanser it's plasma doesn't it no
I haven't seen that highly it has its
plasma it wasn't okay look at iPhone
there you go
oh nothing we should have got nothing we
didn't get nothing to be big all right
this is the last hour we need to reach
90 thousand yeah let's get a culture
Google feud sure
Google oh my god breath Maps there's got
to be there that has to be try it good
if there's not that images yeah are you
serious
Google Translate Google i/o Google i/o I
use like all of those but I use Google
Images way more we found I used I used
translate Docs drive I don't know what
the fuck Google classroom is but Google
images in so celebrity name here nudes
Thank You Dobie for doing video we also
did a video on Toby's channel you can
check over there it's not out yet I
apologize but subscribe and you'll see
it when it comes up hey guys watch it
and sit kind of want it to be the two
six look it's a six I'm gonna choose a
way up your Lea because I don't know
what else I'm gonna get I know I should
choose a messy basically because it's
very unlikely I'm gonna get someone a
link whereas the legend links to anyone
right forward we throw it and it ate one
I haven't even seen we get hope Oh see I
could have got a bail there that
would've been fun I don't know who I
want please four or six
