guess who's back the dice the dice is
back
you haven't seen this on it for a while
on my channel we're doing the draft
based on the dices decision if it's a
six I get to choose it otherwise I have
to use the player corresponding to the
number you get the idea straighten oh
I'll just going all right we start even
from here okay so I'm going to just be
using this camera as well and please say
that I see what we get a two we have to
use a 3/4 to 1 that's all right captain
what are we all okay so we want a one or
a four or six one four six I kind of
want it to be so six look it's a six I'm
gonna choose a way up you only because I
don't know what else I'm gonna get I
know I should choose a messy basically
because it's very unlikely I'm gonna get
someone that link whereas the legend
looks to anyone right forward we throw
it and it ate one I haven't even seen we
get hope Oh see I could have got a bail
there that would've been fine I don't
know who I want please four or six for
six
it's a why does it keep going so five
two three next one Oh butt out butt out
okay come on here we go whoo yah who
goes for six oh not a question is do our
I'm gonna get bundesliga PBV a player's
no one let's go different for what let's
give a down I mean I know that's gonna
screw me over but why not try it left
mid boom that's a little little throw
little throw in a three Gaitan sentiment
OOP that didn't work oh shit okay well
now we know what we can get do again and
six we can choose guess him right mid
time here we go whoo go okay two four
five six two four five six and of course
it is her one Shaqiri foxy center back
right but and it's if it didn't work but
what is it to fall Oh Pepe actually
that's probably the best one what did I
say about BBVA center back and it's a
five witch's Oh God weird this isn't
going well you know what I'm gonna see
who we get but we have the choice of
these it doesn't even matter what screw
it sure goal keeper here we go what and
five dome I am getting the worst one
game wants it don't link you know what
don't even care okay we take a one
somehow we have the most varied squad
ever I get a two okay I could have got
one little bin like the one I borrow for
Tsinghua oh okay we actually need
something good here it's Oh
oh my god this is so frustrating I can't
get anything good and a five guys we're
screwed
you know what we're going to throw it
first it's a five this one we have to
choose the fifth player and it is back
for me more yes finally a player that I
actually might use unlike any of these
honestly what do I do here guys
what the hell do I do what means we
first of all we take it to four more
players come on let's go let's go four
more players it's a six we get to choose
screw it meadow is he actually willed to
be fair he'll link to both sentiments I
don't even care we're gonna have one
more good player surely we are gonna
have all we could get a pyre
give me a four oh yes final player and
I'm not even looking right now but it is
a five the fifth player weak yet is
Draxler solid and final thing is the
manager
which is a six we get a choice thank you
thank you yeah this is about as good as
we can do to the draft and what do we fo
I should expect this every time now it's
getting kind of boring what the fuck the
grass just rose I just play calm your
throne Ron Ron what no I didn't do that
type W fell good how was it
what are you doing calm calm buzzer oh
yeah oh oh come on please please poke
just a little bit quicker fee and it
whips a ball in and aah gold unhooked
taps in what the hell was that are you
seriously yellow here we go rinsable in
where legend we just point out the word
legend
I don't know what this has to do with
anything here we go here we go way eyes
what the fuck is way up no what can they
mussels me why not why not give it a go
name up I'm definitely getting better
free kicks guys not getting better at
corners for a one-nil I've never felt so
in control in my life like I honestly I
don't feel any pressure right now and I
don't feel like he's going to score any
point the only thing I'm worried about
is that I still need a second goal all
pleasing through turn back all right
nice P annex and but there we go - Neil
there's no way I'm losing this day I
mean look at that he hasn't had a shot
I've had seven there is no way I will
lose this game if this moment he knew he
fuck nope nope nope nuts what the hell
how the hell did he just see that what
the hell was this guy playing up is
actually like he's trying to foul me how
am I not scoring a third goal here we go
here we go here we go way up bang
three-nil finally finally he's leaving
thank you very much thank you for the
game mate see you later I don't think
I'm gonna get that lucky in the next
game let's find out now I mean maybe I
will
good dude let's find out shall we
here we go come on Shakira okay so this
guy at least knows what he's doing
yeah I told you guys you wouldn't get so
lucky but saying that saying that saying
that where does pasta in turns out I
don't think wake and shoot we go name I
here we go but but what the fuck that
was about alway okay you can do that but
he doesn't score it which is the main
party but saying that same that same
that saying that no he doesn't do
anything layin silly with a little bun
and sitting you with a little run to
where to not score what's a surprise
here we go here we go pause about one
more Vaness what not Vanessa - smashing
oh I press that so much earlier than is
your right we back baby we back in the
game that's what name our mate
stopping just can't stop the name are
okay you can OrCAD you know you can't
but Neymar doesn't have the ball anymore
pass it and then turn for us oh haha
we're playing nice but will now Oh
wallets keeps keeps kicks yes no I'm
just say mom
I'll have I take an ankle this been
through Cena's the receipt of through
there we go to one we I should be
playing some nice book I hope what you
got me hopefully got go right foot have
you got a right foot it's a good ball no
I'm not good enough though why you
forced it mate why why you pull it out
and out Oh fantastic I mean I think I
deserve it I'll always say it doesn't
make a difference if I deserve it or not
if it happens here we go here we go see
you chose up odd but how'd you do the
posts from there that is a big big miss
and players Pat my shot power he was
don't know what happened bomb not
complaining there's a little bit too
much pressure on now yeah and there's
finally the goal there we go
I don't know what he's done what he's
changed apart from an Aldo the he is all
over me please please please only the
second round remember we can't go out
now Koch on a run in a bank
Oh way up far side okay kind of been
that kind of a nap
oh why isn't it black would you know
what is put a player on the line but way
uh god I thought I honestly thought that
went in Oh bollocks
no no no no no I double dipped Oh Mike
what are these saves this one straight
to it this one straight to it the final
moment we need a tackle right now give
us
people give me the bow at least when you
have one the time
one of that get the ball what sum up my
players given up they've all given up
look at look at how they look at how
they're playing it's over there we go
it's actually over now like officially
over how did I lose this game is so even
it did not deserve to be picked
brilliant a gold pack
nothing hey he doesn't even play for
them anymore another gold pack
nothing again no way and jumbo gold pack
where we get three rares in 24 plus what
I even bother
yeah it's sporty yellow well guys that
is all for this bastard of a draft and
that is it thank you very much for today
thanks for watching I don't know what to
say anymore see ya
everybody is obsessed with something
something they can't live without for me
from an early age I was obsessed with
Pokemon sexually
Oh
