we're so close but have to win three out
of three games to win the title this
could be the end but it may not be we
will find out now top comment was to
sell the entire French team and by the
Portuguese team because they wonder
euros firstly I won't have enough for an
outer and that is the majority of the
team secondly I have said before that if
it is to do with selling more than like
two or three players I won't do it
thirdly if you do want it to happen let
me know in the comments I will take the
top comment do it next episode if there
is another episode and that will be the
top courses that I really have enough
coins to do anything right now and we're
gonna start with the French team so here
we go Game one let's go if I lose it's
literally all over straightaway here we
go first opponent it's a good BPL team
sure about the goalkeeper Manny was
actually the first person I came up
against but I decided not to play him
because he wouldn't let me win on
purpose I'm not saying this guy will I'm
just saying I don't know this guy so I
know he's not better than me I actually
hate this I have to win what like why
why do I have to win this game and the
next one and the next one ah great
challenge I swear I swear Mike I tried
fouling him on purpose there come on we
go go go go go go go go play through
good that's exact to touch for that Oh
we're one day long all four team is a
gay player I love you last episode a
little bit of a guy empire doesn't up
taste over my god I'm sorry Ethan but
not happy Oh piss off Oh piss off commit
come here Lou
Oh Garrett what did like this big loop
oh my god honestly I have never felt so
much pressure in my life stop using
sterling you little bastard
no no you're gonna go inside we read
that but I scored again it's just it was
lagging he just runs down the line then
it lags and then he scores guys I don't
want to do Division one again
oh my doesn't file thighs disgusting
göran göran Simba you know what you
know what new post
bang that was not near post and he
fouled me somehow okay it's time to get
towards the time toolbar that was almost
amazing it started what there we need a
goal we actually only got about to be
the second hole and now he gets the
final chance with the half does he
why does it don't do that don't don't
duck do not let him get another chance
he kicked stop getting the bounces how
does he control the ball that Oh get
get lost that's the end of the harvest
and I'm losing I'm losing in Division
one I have to win you have to go
attacking soon come on my mum just said
she wanted to be proud of me and this is
what I need to get her to be proud of me
for some reason she is very weird
demands like that oh oh oh yo please
don't be good at free kicks please don't
be gonna freak that's awesome okay come
on we actually need it up we need to go
badly
I said it and I said all he does go down
the wing and then use Raheem Sterling
and then what you gonna do you gonna pop
how how did that work I mean I know you
didn't score and everything but I still
count that as working keeps keeps kick
what screw Ultra attacking oh my god get
off the wing you little shit don't tell
me they it's fluffy its fluffed it right
ten minutes left we need two goals and
it has not worked or has it
what's the challenge go go go George get
it up George
okay battle back
and there's the goal which means we are
staying in one I didn't want to get too
excited about this episode because I
thought realistically are we gonna live
in no.3 in a Rob is top especially when
your team is playing like absolute shit
literally look look at that uh-oh guys
it looks like we're doing division one
again I mean at least we get some coins
and finishing the division I mean with
that with that benefit trying to look
for some positive here guys say
congratulations like that's an
achievement after that game I actually
want to sell the French team but now we
using the BPL team please don't let me
down I mean but this thing is solid
maybe I can have a better centre back
maybe a left back all right back it's
solid all round back to division one to
start and we play someone with a legend
and in forming three team of these
seasons bloody fantastic you know what
no I have George bets this is the very
best time to destroy this die so you
look look at this look at this look ok
just keep looking for a bit longer
don't be one of these why is Division
one full of these people no get loss is
getting keeps keep to keep that one keep
this game I hates me right now and it
keeps showing me freakin cutscenes
during the corners we've gone out wide
we've got out why because we know that
he could cross Danny
he got long the storage can finish
apparently here we go here brother
take us flat we're to deal up our George
best with two assists now I told you he
is
ah why couldn't I have done this last
game please George please be on side
please be offside you know what you're
George back wasn't far don't name get
questions don't let actually no don't
let him run him that's the worst that's
the worst mechanic ah
big tackle nice here we go here we go
here we go takes it inside far side I
should have tried going for that I
should night I mean I gotta give it to
this guy he isn't bad he's really really
not bad gone okay dummied it is the eyes
past it tackle beggar tackle I literally
had that tackle one point and he just
couldn't do it
where all goes tips up isn't it oh here
we go here we go look I told you this is
where altes - a cougar run George
run run big touch big touch big touch
yeah yeah are warm I can eat the guns
gonna turn in I'm just aiming for
storage you see storage you see storage
since I started it is but it's the
goalkeepers okay do not let him do this
again I swear if he scores just again
he's gonna run over it and then pass
he's done it again he's just he's
literally just done the same thing just
went the other side and there is
halftime I'm winning but it's not
convincing I mean another goal would be
nice and there's this goal yeah because
my player just my way is literally just
lunge pass the ball did he just shush me
did he just shush me you don't know what
you've just done it's not realize what
you've done
closer told to not shift George don't
shush me
oh my god if I were gone in okay now I
am a little bit worried because he keeps
getting these little turn des and go oh
that save is incredible but twice now
the broken goalkeeper Laureus you could
suck my told you guys honestly i am a
self saboteur stop the shot stop the
shot he lives deep dick just over my
foot I slid in there I was so confident
of Sean now we get rid of it
oh no oh no get rid there we go run no
no no no no no no no no no no Nance my
shit in that was so bad
I just can't finish Matt don't take that
the wrong way I can't finish this much
as I want bang
Theon was finished how the fuck can he
just go around me no no no no okay okay
you know what anything right now I will
take go go George go go go go go go go
go yeah yep you're so slow why why you
slow why the yes we won guys Game one of
Division one has gone well this shall be
the season I know I said that last time
but this time I mean it and I think this
might be my final attempt if you want me
to sell my entire team let me know in
the comments thank you guys for watching
I'm sorry I couldn't do it today
see acting good splatting at cooking a
what um flies around your head
ah
