yo guys what's up and welcome to the
return of punishment packs now if you
don't know how this works basically I
open packs and depending on the players
I get I either have to do a punishment
or don't below today's one has been
altered slightly there are ten 100k
packs I have five punishments in my mind
they have been ordered from best to
worst as there are ten packs five
punishments I set the bar about eighty
six rated so if I get an 86 rated player
I do not have to do a punch this means
that I should get one in every two
realistically if I've judged it right so
for the first player I get that is under
eighty six rated as the main player in
the pack I have to have three bean
boozled beans the second one I go I'm
going to have to have a lemon juice
third one is going to be a wax tripley's
now again fourth one is a cinnamon
challenge and if I manage to get five
then I have to go in a nice Bowl so if I
manage to get to the 10 pack without our
player under eighty six rated then I get
one I have to do the first punishment
let's go here we go and if I don't get a
zero player I manage some of these
people zone yes just just 86
I know us at the bar right um and Diaoyu
legend these are pretty horrible I don't
want them okay statistically this should
be under eighty six rate if I have
judged it right I'd know oh my god I
almost dropped them wiggler pickle let
you know in 88 brief is a gyro races
okay legends fricking om bring into my
club anyone else
no doesn't matter anyway I just got a
legend I'm already escaping odds I am
escaping the odds as you're mad well by
now
and now I don't see no right 86 break
the droids I am right no I don't really
care if I've got them already or
whatever I just want to not eat these
right now I am on a freaking roll come
on give me another 8686 oh no no God no
wait there could be a special card I
forgot to say special cards account so
here they are I don't want to know what
flavors I have a case so I'm just gonna
pick three like this ready you can see
them I'm not looking at the flavors
though dropped one get have to do this
differently okay so first on we are
going for it is this one that okay next
one is I haven't chewed it yet this one
there's two and the final one is this
one please tell me I've got like a min
buttons into case second one here
that go up go problem get it down yeah
punishment number 2 lemon juice what I
done I've done like three packs Runkle
good players one point where I haven't
this time I mean the fact that you
literally could only get that much out
of time shows because it's gonna be
horrible hope you guys can see that
there is stuff in there okay so we go
ah round two bitches hot
the amount of faith as I pulled in this
video I'll know the next one is wack
strips are putting it on myself though
have them in that far in terms of I had
three packs good toupees are bad if it
goes the right way to shoot bud and is
786 we get another pile is done that
means we're how many packs are left okay
but Teves good enough
Oh
I got these things again I'm so happy I
didn't do that he's ever punch myself
really hard in the leg fell like Ronaldo
just hit me this is where it comes down
to it three packs left three punishments
are we going to be able to escape the
ice bars right now we get an 86 red
blade now we can't have a nice pot it's
love itself we can't have a nice boss I
mean we can still have a wax trip and
potentially cinnamon challenge we can't
have the ice bar that was the worst one
for me okay penomet but I'm not even
worried now because we can't have an ice
bar that we get a Alaba oh he's
Isaac's Oh No Oh No okay so this is what
my leg already looks like a nice clean
line from last time so I'm gonna put
them around here while I think of a good
idea to have him do this
oh the last words be gentle gentle I
know that you're gonna do it slowly and
it doesn't work you just okay
hey babe relax this is so if I stop that
stop stroking me I'm just shop stroking
me if you don't Slayer welcome off I
really feel it it's already hot off
unless you don't want to oh man look how
smooth that is oh man John oh my it's
like a baby's bottom Oh God really for
the next one no I've changed my mind but
do this in five seconds all right you
ready you ready countdown do i I mean I
definitely lost words put it up do it
come on you do you're weakening it Bob
oh oh he did not like that one
he did not like that one at all oh my
god dude you look like a mess I'm gonna
slowly walk my way round it's like hair
it's so smooth oh my god well no I
like more of a fool on time for the
final one which is a cinnamon challenge
and I absolutely hate cinnamon let's
just see what we got do please just give
me an 86 86 braided
I'm gonna kill frickin frackin right now
though injuring prick there you go guys
happy there's the final one cinnamon
challenge okay here we go
I had a little ball I hate that I hate
cinnamon more than bean boozled that was
a very exciting was it thank you guys
for watching and see you
pens sometime Franck Ribery is better at
crossing
he's amazing of crossing straight to
Benzema now defend Simon learn to defend
from Center Kings okay we need to stop
oh this is my audition for X Factor here
we go this is this is this the new boy I
think it is Frank wait garrison
