why why why why can't you just give me
one that I can 16k really oh my god you
weren't lying we could actually get it
we have Franck rib√©ry I am so sorry
Carmen okay I'm Jay I genuinely enjoyed
using Coleman but Ribery is 10 better
than you and we are in the most serious
time of division one one more win and we
are safe four more wins out of five and
we actually win Division one so if we
can win both today then potentially next
episode of the last episode French team
you're up first including the Newport
what do you have for me a BPL team
that's decent this game is so important
because if I can actually you know if I
can secure my position in this division
I say we have nothing to lose so at the
same time we could also finally win
division why Penn get up Franck Ribery
nice play plus I'd gone to get such an
George best but one nil oh no no no no
no none in it what it's always been
pretty kick off I was so happy about 30
seconds ago George best with the cousin
through it
oh we get pens sometime Franck Ribery is
better at crossing it's amazing and
crossing straight to birth tomorrow now
defend Simon learn to defend from centre
kicks okay we need to stop pit
oh this is my audition for X Factor here
we go
this is this is this the new boy I think
it is Frank wait gay crossing all that
was a shot that I mean why I actually
pressed cross but it turned out to be a
shot and his next goal with us
yep there's a nice dog I can't I got
tackle storage okay my defense teams did
not want to exist anymore okay he's
gonna have to roll in he's gonna have to
it's gonna roll in I've read that oh my
god cliche ref you see the hand you see
his hand there no oh
finish battle easy keep the frickin lead
Simon uh I read wait turn out oh memory
pen Oh where's your pen in the last
minute the first off um left eye yes I
normally goes what I'm right now but I
don't know change I'm a double the
amount of shots double on target but
double the goals can I hold on we'll
find out now get to it get to it nice no
oh come on we need to keep the ball toss
it oh that is so slow but player does
not apply than that place over my collar
sorry Ethan but not happy oh no no no no
it was shot what what I did not press
slide there when our players just fell
over cool oh we do this I make it so
much harder for myself than it needs to
be you guys to shoot no no no no doubt
hey blow your whistle blows whistle okay
wait don't don't because I just want to
shoot and I'll take a corner I'm sorry
I'm doing it I am passing it in the
corner
on the first game with safe in Division
one
if we win another game today then we
have three games to win - but it's up to
the BPL team now what am I gonna carry
buttons we found out how much she
doesn't mean anything and there's his
first goal okay I'm kind of screwed here
guys I think I've realized I don't like
to beat for your formation one then come
on then
and fuck okay I really know what just
happened there but we've scored Oh
why just go Sam stick his team a
diseased relative of the year every was
it gives school from any angle can we
stop playing and just have the ball
around our area please we please stop
these attacks I don't know these guys
had a shot yet inside the area exactly
make a tackle now and block for the
other chuckle don't play them through
where's that run there was I say that
run there wasn't a run okay you know
what we're gonna curl it we're gonna
curl it into the top left and that was a
phenomenal effort if I could score from
this corner then it'd work honestly okay
I was wrong he's had one or maybe two
shots inside the area maybe that's where
I'm going wrong maybe I need to start
shooting more from everywhere please be
on side and ticketed ah I don't know
what to do guys come on father
okay father hot side oh yes we actually
scored I saw him so early
I just thought all I gotta do is get the
ball - okay it's - no
Oh get to him stop this stop this stop
save we have ten minutes left I don't
know if the draw will do anything for me
to be honest I need to know just one of
them
one of them ones he's really going for
the win as well isn't he because he is
stopped the long shore did he say no did
I hit the ball this isn't a final
attempt okay now it is go please please
don't go please don't blow the whistle
don't blow the whistle
what how is it how does he keep tackling
me so easily
but draw does nothing I now have to win
all three of my last games
if I win two and draw one we on one
point away so three games left three
wins needed I think if I win two in a
row and then whatever haven't done the
third one I may have to end it because I
can't win two games and then lose and I
can't do it again thank you guys for
watching and see you're never squeezed
all done in a whoreson army that you
know
Oh
