yo girls what's going on and welcome
back to another PES video what we are
doing today is my club if you don't know
what my club is it's kind of like where
you build your own team like ultimate
team etc if you guys do want to try this
yourself basically you can get PES light
2 which is free and you get to try out
my club it's not like the whole game but
you know it's it's this yeah it's a free
so you may as well however some of you
won't need to download that because
you'll be getting the whole game when I
play this game and concede a goal I'm
gonna be giving away codes for PES every
time I can see the goal although it
isn't just me conceding goals it is also
Manny Manny is gonna be joining we're
gonna be playing a 2v2 online on my club
it's all very confusing I'm terrible
explanations so yeah if you guys want to
try it you can download it for free PES
like it is free and it has all the
legends on it like my favorite Beckham
who is exclusive to PES hence why I love
I love I love PES I love David Beckham
he's a beautiful man I would make sweet
sweet love to him David hit me up what
No anyways my team is really really
really bad I actually only have Pogba
and Diego Lopez the good players so I'm
gonna be opening some of these just to
build my team then I'm gonna call Manny
we'll build a thing together the way
this works basically is like basically
you merge your team so you take it in
turns to pick one of your players who
are you who's this buddy gasps great
eyes give me them black balls
I haven't had buttons yet see ok
defensive mids you know what I'm gonna
get rid of it I'm not gonna do the young
players anymore I'm just gonna go all
out just opening some balls what else do
you do on a Monday night eh that's right
I'm recording this on a Monday where are
the golden balls where's a Jasper
Carrott man give me a Jasper Carrott
Santos in a forward ok bug seriously man
I've got quite a few forwards now I
don't have a good defender Robert where
are they go of your way there's gonna be
a way to get one come on
yes yes yes yes here we go come on it's
not black ball but it's a gold ball mat
it Oh mats it ok nice low 83 rate
oh we've finally got a gold us lots of
infielders as well we finally got
Schneider ok that's actually all right
now we've got pod Verde awara and
Schneider in the middle ok oh my god I
just want to get I just want a black
ball that's it gimme a black ball please
be sure is
probability has no memory so we got a
black we're gonna get black Mayfield
knowing the race this way we're gonna
get 87 rated T I'll go I will take that
okay he's gonna make the team
bye we need a goalkeeper that's what we
need we need a goalkeeper come on come
on come on come on one please please yes
yes come on
Gold goalkeeper Bob Yap mmm happy with
that now we just need a gold as a
centre-forward get this and then we play
with Manny that's weird I'd know in that
way you know what I mean i can't play
with Manny okay we've gotta call it I
can't play with money and not bring
something to the table up front please
give me some more good Zeus oh he's not
crazy
I mean he's better than what I've got
let's just go for defenders again let's
let's get a solid black defense that we
can put in with his one more goal or one
more black even please please please
restrain boom please oh just silvers
right midfielder time come on please
just give me some more good CDM why
can't it just be the goal next of it I
opened an extra one while I'm waiting
for Manny to join the cool and I got a
gold striker I get gold and it's an a
serious
well hi all right Manny we're into a
game I'm having a look at it's okay
you'll - yeah you just kind of carried
my team as far as yo I'm just saying I
brought Thiago pogba yeah but he's still
playing for us so you know how does work
every goal we concede we are both giving
away a copy of PES so I will whack on
two codes on the screen for every goal
great I'm glad you're doing that Simon
you said I will so that means you oh no
no no no we're both giving away a code
you know it's just so that you actually
like care about the game imperfect and
perfect perfect Joe sorry who
oh you're offsides no I wasn't gonna
point out that it was my plans cool you
know how you it actually tells you which
out of us did bail whoever just worse
has to give away another code look boom
I'm not gonna lie
and kind of glad you missed it because I
knew you'd say oh that's my point
ready I was ready to say attack ever you
just want to score your players no I'm
not doing that money I'm about the team
is over now though could easier turn the
bank no look I gave pogba a great chance
don't even oh oh oh oh don't make it fun
it's fine saying that's what you brought
to the table poker look let's just take
a look at this look you're a little bit
ahead I'm just saying look at your
passes 225 they're all safety passes no
you're playing like John Obi mikkel
that's the best I'm giving you you
haven't done a single forward pass oh
you see that no you know well you want
to give away a code for a goal no I'm
saying did you want to get work code for
a goal I mean I scored so maybe you
should give away a code but now that
means you can just be greedy I'm not
gonna be greedy you know you know I'm
all about the team so you're already at
one code man nah come on like Felipe
Louie there you go I'm giving you the
ball toss unselfish unselfish there you
go
I'll let it's my guy that's why you
should shoot my team there you go look
at this look look oh nice yeah take
around to keep it whoa oh it's my guy
and another girl you do whatever you
want please say this is glorious look at
this space
he's here easier easier you wanted to
cuss me then no you know what I see is
you giving away another coat you're too
happy I can feel you smiling I don't
know well do one more game and I'll let
you off the fact that I've got a higher
rating yeah I got 1,600 you got fuzzy
magic
we'll have four codes so far that I'll
already they've already happened or
we'll play one more game I game too
all right you got to redeem yourself
here money I'm yes I'm one with just
your orange that's colorblind the guy on
their team is yellow no they've got
three people oh okay we might have a
game on this time he goes you spawned
him come on beyblade oh that little gap
in the middle I respect the effort okay
I feel I were gonna be a lot friendlier
this game that was I was I was about to
get so guess what that no no no that
isn't that's not my fault Barry that's
not my fault oh I wasn't getting away
with these guys are good but they're
still only winning by an own-goal
I don't think either of us is getting a
high score this game I I'm not fussed
about that right now all I want to do is
win win win and I knew you were gonna do
that don't make me feel sick you say
yeah that's a bull that's how you that's
how you take a corner bro oh I literally
just held so okay well it's a halftime
we're losing so far we're at six
counties they have another shot on
target Manny all I'm saying is you ask
what every game doesn't like me the last
45 minutes of football Manny come on I'm
so bad at this right now
don't worry about it don't think about
it I've got you I've got you bro I've
got over oh oh oh I'm gonna say that
we're not giving away a code for these
goals that we score because these ones
mean more oh my God he's brave he's
brave Oh brave enough to school bravery
doesn't really change your ability to
school this is some intro that was
taught Vince
can we talk about the pass the pass
oh we got the burden all right but Manny
redeem yourself no christened eating
it's great pen all I know is been raped
what I'm being oh oh we're toying with
them now and that sounded really oh
please
is he off I mean missed anyway he whip
that's the word I'm just gonna say one
thing Simon none of your players scored
well I'm just gonna say one thing money
what I got a better score than you
that's what I thought yeah I'm gonna end
it there um Manny will be giving away
the code cuz I got a better score than
him so oh there it is
thank you for that money make sure you
guys check out peasant the description
check out PES light as free as I said
and it has my club and everything like
that I'm free
also check out Manny subscribe while
you're over there made money you're
gonna be doing some football videos very
soon hopefully anyway although it is
very cold but yeah thanks for watching
peace
I mean grandma in know seen man on my
saw call that's my team if you wait
there more time you can off my
knock ever and x-men scream I'm going
through this Tintin I'm old and I
surpassed hundred thousand soul told my
manager this job I'm gonna take my
chance on a roll
Oh a jiff
