welcome to the highest rated drop
possible in this precise draft okay not
just in general what I'm going to be
doing is doing something that I have
done before it's choosing the player
with the highest rating if they are
equal that I get to choose technically
this is the highest rated draft I could
get in this draft even though it may not
be the best draft
it's the highest rated let's go for the
formation we can get the highest even as
well three for three flat all right high
rate in ninety nine run out know where
to take the ronaldo give me 95 Griezmann
right we are 99 message come up 99 Messi
well uh give you some goods give me some
get international minor match Draxler Oh
Maude rich pogba just missed out there
lamp are you serious get us hog balls
close but Maude rich come on another
another another lap pod seriously
dammit Lampard new la Schakowsky this is
not going well chemistry-wise dammit
Louise save my bacon there come on I
need some linkage give me some links
that ain't Lincoln that's a freaking
Syria does healing with anyone no oh God
with me
a sub goalkeeper we're getting a 83
summer oh okay we have a choice to it
right we can take a Syria or even a
bocce superly what can we do it I guess
take the Syria alone case Gary jean del
ah ah - mounts over to take the job that
and we get a coat okay
lamps you ain't staying on mate this is
what England should have done a while
ago don't hate me for that right Pedro
oh yeah Neymar okay now we're talking
next one is a Royce
I wonder what rate and esteem will be
all beyo I don't think he'll even be
that high anyone out Sandro this is not
gonna link at all how am I gonna link
this defense to the goalkeeper Ben Arfa
I've had a silver already so I shouldn't
have another one final one is agüero
alright let me see what I can do for
this team yeah so guys I think that this
team is good ok other look this is the
team we are using obviously the
goalkeeper no chem can always bring on a
little bit of an agrerro Ben Arfa Royce
I think the team's these obviously we
get to add a manager as well so we find
out what our final rating is ok so the
final rating we get a 178 with the
highest rated players let's go into the
first game and see if we can win and the
first team is a 90 rated squad 65 Kemna
it seems like he's trying to do what
I've tried to do alright here we go
let's okay we're in a game keep going
keep an and then play them in and then
finesse what are you doing mod rich run
Griezmann alright oh wow you've done so
freakin well finis
ok go let go my Greece's bed in his
Griezmann some say he's called grease
man because he's so slippy what am i
doing with my life what am i doing why
am i ok don't know what he's doing with
his life
we need another goal we need another got
play him over
are you serious that better be a read if
you're stopping the play there give him
a red set thank
great decision
brands roadside and finesse go that was
the terrible golden knew okay let's play
on just pretend like nothing happened
run mod rich house up there you go plus
it through that one more Griezmann ah-ah
bail
why are you offside there there's no
point how has he just got past me
Griezmann come back here come back here
I know you're left-footed no ha ha ha ha
ha howdy miss from their final chance at
all ah
there was absolutely messed that up got
it caught rat under his body
I should be through Anil up does it look
like I should but trust me a shit Ranaut
is away Ronaldo's away I posit gross and
the Griezmann that time I might actually
have to take bring on aggro Ronaldo's
got in there he's passed across warm up
oh my god I'm I cut I can't believe Isis
today I'm so sorry I'm not sorry you am
I kidding early bow early bow flick it
one no I just could effectively just
you're not even booking him after all of
that you're not even booked I pretty
much just scored here we go we lay it
off we lay it off and then you lay him
off lay him off and then finesse there
we go that's a nice move
what my keeper didn't even move
are we really gonna even let like are we
even gonna tolerate a bit it's actually
got two back there's only nine minutes
left
no no no no no I'm today what I oh my
god oh my god bail I wasn't even bail as
DeMaria how is it this is that there you
go we're we're through the first round
all right let's see what you got for me
round two what are you gonna have okay
yeah you've got another 90 rated squad
but only 80 Kem Oh Micah oh bugger no I
am game very lucky with that crossbow
you know though it was oh yeah I need to
get on city off the pitch Alexandra all
right now we got some more pace at the
bus look how defensive he is right now
this is horrible how do I get through
this seriously this there's no way
through go on board rich that's a foul
pen pen really
ha I fell over just while shooting
that's that's what my church does
honestly don't out to be this guy it
just it doesn't do anything look at his
defense look at honestly look at the
amount of players and there's halftime
how do i score look at that look how
boring is now we've got another 45
minutes of the same thing Griezmann I
need you in there please man please oh
my okay well we got corner it's what I
wanted now I could just aim for David
Luiz okay let's not ever leave this yard
oh no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no I'm it this
guy is so freaking annoying and now he's
gonna go ultra defensive as well
actually he's probably already on pot
the Botany we're gonna put on voice and
then we're O's gonna come on for
Griezmann because I know Griezmann is
good and then the same rating but trust
me agüero is agüero okay we need a
goal we need to go senior papist there's
the odd no I need to frickin learn to
cross okay okay
okay okay prepare oh no oh my god oh
wait wait wait
why okay no no Alexandro I was a mistake
bringing you on oh my god my father shot
my final shot Alex a Jew then oh my god
it's actually a pen it's actually a
blimp
Alexandra I'm sorry for everything I
said Ronaldo you know what I've been
doing well but I'm right so I'm gonna go
bottom right he's pointing that way and
I've gone that way and it's 100 in the
90th minute that's it full time okay
we're going into extra time go go go go
go do not let him score again No davin
louise has absolutely fluffed that oh my
god davon Louise's all frickin will go
ultra attacking for now I'll demon real
DeMaria yeah you're touching me you're
touching me touch it here you've touched
me you've absolutely touched me he's
touched me why am I saying touch me so
much regrouping all that attack nothing
to lose now is the Alexandra Alexandra
Alexandra your left fated right I
thought you were left footed please look
we're a grow we're okay we got one we
got nine minutes left okay isn't it this
is the last little push here we go you
know what you know what Neymar puts the
ball in wait no wait we have a chance no
voice voice Royce please why straight
stop fucking keep up that's it done done
what a load of rubbish oh my god I can't
I cut I can't
I'm shaking I am shaking right now yeah
cool give me my backside hair the
rubbish anyway are they
nothing we get darmian to all players
but one rare what's the point just to
end off that load over absolute bollocks
like as it gives me Titan cool thank you
guys for watching and see
welcome to the 5b I was going to be so
epic as a welcome to the five-second
challenge with the reigning champion
Josh sir here was he flying against JJ
that is now
