hi everyone okay I never know how to
intro these videos anyways what is up
guys and welcome to just a quick
catch-up slash announcement video
basically if you ever saw our event we
had for our two-year anniversary where
we went to the Emirates Stadium and you
know like had a bunch of you guys there
you'll understand what this event is me
and the other side men are hosting
another event but this time in the north
because we realized we do nothing in the
north so it's gonna be at the Etihad
Stadium in Manchester tickets go on sale
next Friday at 6 p.m. which I believe is
the 15th it's basically where we just
you know we come and just chill with you
guys for like four or five hours or
something if you suppose anyone who went
to the Arsenal stadium event then you'll
know they enjoyed it I think I hope they
did please say you did the yeah that is
the first and the biggest announcement
because as I said earlier I we do
nothing in the north so we just wanted
to do something like that which speaking
of that again not in the north me and
Toby went to thought part today heads
where this video is out so late a lot of
people ask me to vlog which I was going
to but I kind of thought against it
because me and Toby basically took over
their snapchat which is real thought
part yeah basically we just snapchat on
there the entire day so if you check it
out when this video comes out they'll be
up for another I don't know like 15
hours or something so feel free to check
that out obviously we go to Thorpe Park
what a lot so it could potentially
happen again but yet realistically the
reason I thought of that is because me
and Toby's spend I don't know maybe like
I know we spent one solid hour meeting
at least like 400 people the rest of the
day was like continuous walking through
and like meeting a lot of people as well
but that is that's like incredible to
meet all you there so obviously that's
more of you know a picture hi quickly
that's their the event in Manchester
will be a lot more you know it's a lot
bit more exclusive there's less people
it's a lot longer we actually you know
we would get to talk we get there you
know get to know each other this is
getting weird so yeah I'm sorry I didn't
vlog that but that's that's the
Manchester event and thought part I mean
the other thing I was planning on doing
at thoughtbot
as well after the day but that we
realistically didn't have time I was
thinking about doing a car video because
a lot of you
no my car okay love you know what can I
have some of you don't it's not very
interesting but I get asked this so many
times whenever I ask for Q&A questions
so I've thought of myself like do I just
do a video and just show you guys my car
you guys might not like it you might
find it really boring I'll try to make
it entertaining as possible but once
it's done you know it's done it seems
that there's a very very high demand for
it so I thought why not but it let me
know okay let me know either on Twitter
or in the comments down below and we
will find out whether I do one soon I
guess to be honest I'll end up telling
my stream which is the next thing I've
started streaming a little bit twitch TV
for / mini minutes are basically me and
Josh stream I don't seem like every
night but I've tried to stream you know
like four or five times a week it's not
FIFA and it's it's normally a random
game like overwatch or rocket League
it's a lot more chilled so before you
come and watch a stream and think like
oh it's gonna be very you know mean
screaming and stuff like that it's a lot
calmer it's a lot more like a personal
Q&A session everything's sounding really
sad right now
the animated stream fee fire stream
random games including shellshock which
brings me on to my next point you guys
have done so well at ruining
shell-shocked chat because all it ever
is now sad man book no code at UK thank
you so much for doing that the book is
going really really well right now if
you somehow haven't heard about it
basically the sidemen have a book coming
out is that you can find their Seidman
book code at UK sorry everyone that
already knows this so still quite a
while but you know we're working on just
getting it good and yeah hopefully you
all enjoy it so that's pretty much it
really I just wanted to mention to you
guys there's the Manchester event
tickets on sale next Friday 6 p.m.
feel free to check out thought pucks
snapchat you don't have to don't really
mind it's up to you real thought park if
you want to see me and Toby muck about
let's thought part for the holder today
I will be streaming quite a lot of
streams you know like I'd say 10 times
in the last two weeks actually no
probably more than that for any stream
like on average once a day because
sometimes what I miss a day I do like to
the next day
that's twitch.tv /a mini mentor let me
know if you actually do want to see a
car video and if you do if there's
anything else you want me to do in it to
make it better and feel free to check
out the book if you haven't already
no this is a really horrible video for
some people that don't like these kind
of videos but the ones who do thank you
for watching this video and hopefully
you enjoyed it anyway so thank you for
watching and see
