twenty thousand coins say God's watching
something doesn't add up here also there
is a one that literally is the one on
the market that is every special player
on the market like each other's comments
so I know which one to do okay next time
if it is 20k I'm gonna do it regardless
of what it is now I'm sorry for posting
this often for people that don't really
like this series but I really want to
get this series finished because I
didn't finish it last year and I need to
win pretty much every game in Division
one and it's the French teams turn now
France are playing tonight or they have
already played by tons of you goes out
let's see how good they are and his team
is why is he got laying there is he
trying to prove something well whatever
you're trying to prove I'm not going to
let it happen oh no oh no no oh can't
let someone with lay on up front beat me
please come on this this is Division one
oh no no no no no no no no no I need to
stop laying him Shoei he passes it
around quite nicely ends of my please do
something good you haven't done much for
me but till now people came out well
come on win that header your defender
and Zuma keeps finding himself out for
what out white I go on wait hello hello
hello well just I'm winning come on Jake
I was just about to have a good been the
most well for being out wide too often
and then he does that pass a frickin
gets the gold come on we're starting
place a nice but welcome our G is doing
some serious work
serious serious what Penn there we go
George best do not let me down we are
going bottom right I never normally go
bomb and it's a goal getting a wire
penalties now oh no get to get to a
github and it's a top laying him shoot I
said get rid of dojo
make a tackle now make yes surely surely
have time or not oh no we have a short
back post you're through oh who was that
that's Benzema that's Beth I'm sorry I
apologize for everything cream and there
it is halftime three-nil ah okay ignore
that ignore the fact of a three shot
same again let's go for six Neal I mean
look at pie it's frequent 79th needs to
be at least double that flick okay all
right we'll have to lose Simon it's just
not mess up what I feel like you press
the run but just get a little counter
get a counter go put it okay please be
on do you want no it's like Benzema
wants me to hate him get caught feedback
oh no no no no no no there's your phone
I was passing on oh no he's actually
dead no school from there I blocked off
every option I thought oh no no no no no
no no no lay on lay on lay on your left
back I know you were left back I saw the
card at the start went through and okay
finesse that finesse that thank you
there we go for one game done I am a
self saboteur I've realized I literally
tried to make myself lose obviously a
subconscious or whatever but no I let
him have pressure on me and then just
need to get rid of it okay guys we've
actually done it with won our first game
can we win by more gone see some of his
like you are left footed there it is
first game done that we were on track 1
track 2 atleast not get really good
I still need 5 wins out of 6 to win the
title and it's BPL die please don't let
me down it's a good chance to win that
probably means he's very good though
because how is the in Division one
with that team goes storage gone you
know what storage storage
I think is goalies actually decent I
know the rest of the team isn't that
good so maybe we keep in a corner we can
win a head on just storage I just made
that goal embarrassing tonight no no
okay players are making a shooting I
need to win this badly I have time for
George best to step up his is left back
is his worst player I think so it's
George best time George best George best
penthe this guy really isn't that bad
holy cow guy ahtori is good enough to
school I believe I believe in yo yo yo
yo Hassan Hassan please please please
it is the last chance last opposite okay
never mind
Sanchez takes so long that we don't get
another chance I need to win badly and
this is a very good chance to win as
well run run yo yo run yo yo that's a
great ball in but I could have singled
out thank you completely on please be on
please be on I'll be on yes he was on to
one oh you know he's pit you know he
says he ain't playin right now Sanchez
with the place that the thing his
players don't have that pet okay but my
players can't pass by on it I know
you're probably thinking it's not that
important but trust me it really really
is dougie from do not know George I here
we go this is our chance is what sharks
use George best more
like the corner okay there's way too
much pressure on me right now there is
wait way too much
ah he's gonna get a last-minute goal is
me he's a hundred percent gonna get a
last-minute goal keeper please okay I'm
being smart I know that was disgusting
behavior and I know I'm gonna get
punished for it
I don't know no I'm not I'm not I'm not
gonna get punished oh we've done it lads
we've done it got two wins out of two
today the dream is still alive
one more win our five and I'm safe four
more wins and we win the title twenty
one thousand coins let me know you want
to buy thank you guys for watching and
push the first thing we have to do is
find out what your buzzer noises are so
Josh what is your buzzer noise okay you
men oppressor Nick what is your noise no
they need to press the button all right
so to find out who's going first
King Jack wall up Jane Jane what blue
tang 101
