welcome to the fight base I was gonna be
so epic as well welcome to the
five-second challenge the reigning
champion Josh sir here was he flying
against JJ that is now colored okay
that's what color his Challenger today
is none other than bitch star one two
three white star 123 the first thing we
have to do is find out what your buzzer
noises are so Josh what is your buzzer
noise okay
you think you meant impress it Nick
what is your noise don't get depressed
at the bottom
alright so to find out who's going first
Ching Chang wall up ding Joe and water
oh oh oh I know you're not going to know
you have 5 seconds to name three balls
football take the times to a ping pong
ball
Oh Oh Josh you have 5 seconds to name
three teams in the championship bumhole
leads can Wednesday little bit of
question it was just over line three -
it was even right oh I don't know Nick
you have three what's this you have five
seconds to name three of my videos um
helium challenge youtubers crossbar
challenge and plants vs. zombies ah too
late
oh I still just named the food games and
hit the bar I was waiting for very best
one very much
very much though she never asked me this
question Josh you got five seconds to
name three places you can get the
sidemen book fan Bubba okay
Anderson was down through six goes
Amazon NZ Australia I was in us bad
things get it out
you have five seconds to name three
vegetables that are green
kara oh machine humming no fuck your
furnace is for you oh this is prime time
for us there's not right now not right
now okay I'm gonna do what it is the me
right I'm in Australia time zone right
now it's live you have five seconds to
name three boys names beginning with M
Matthew lot and like the one I should
another guy
I said pomegranate gave up in my life
nyah-nyah Oh coach duster that I changed
a budget mother this is a big speciality
one courage you have battles just pure
races I guess lows in here so you got
the tea or mixed up Nick you have five
seconds to name three types of cereal
I'm cookie Craig put Cheerios and
shredded wheat this speciality is we
yeah that's why although freedoms of
pepper and I'm like is my second half
zero doctor and cherry five seconds to
name three guns in cot angry 7np 5md 44
second I just like calculate
names all these cardigans but wires
illuminate oh you have five seconds to
name three sex positions
yes very doggy go on it's a do it do it
be have you use a ball great John now go
the shell girl I'm Ranger library so
apps that n-word flip I said n-word my
brain without it out Josh you have five
seconds to name three phallic objects
whoa ice cream hot dog sorry
same thing my dad casts like an ice
cream yeah I do it said like an ice ball
I'm envious but I could be at a tub this
is my speciality Vick
you have five seconds to name three
types of cheese camembert cheddar
mozzarella oh you're such a tease and
cereal the problem is you said your
speciality so I was already thinking
cheese before you'll answer that I'm
gonna I was already thinking cheese Josh
you know five seconds to name three
songs of views all of this shit
redemption hotline bling
none fuck mom night okay yeah but today
isn't one another one of them is called
use as well yes one dance controller is
bad there are energies on if you have
five seconds to name three types of dogs
poodle Labrador pitbull terrier I'm
going to get for them okay I can go
through sir you're not meant to be
touched
you have five seconds to name three
youtubers with over ten million
subscribers ksi markiplier justice guys
bitch okay jack is about them so looking
way looking Jack has 11 minutes yeah
Mick you're five seconds the name three
conventions you have been to euro gaming
games comedy all by the adult
ex-boyfriends okay
let me ocularly any percentage person
obviously
Josh you have five seconds to name the
three best side man Oh Josh Simon Josh
yes Gabe okay
I was said ah okay how do you do
plication I did Bobby dagen television
please Vic you have five seconds to name
three members of phase phase reign face
banks face hammer this is like the best
one so far
Josh you have five seconds to name three
things that are read your short stop
button and Martha Victor thing like the
fun that takes longer than members of
face around it looks you're aloof
writing I do I let you look at the
oranges yeah now for the final rounds
and none of us know the score right now
what's going to happen here is they're
going to bounce between themselves that
sounds weird
I'm going to give them a topic and it's
personal to take longer than five
seconds to give another answer okay
what if it runs up is I just they work
on out
it won't run out cities in England
Manchester Liverpool Luton London stop
former Newcastle dozen last 1/4 merging
don't do it I just jumped you to rapid
is very I give up press the button to
start anyway I was like what's going on
then it's like one just a girl with half
a second knowledge I can see me struggle
a little it goes like I was like baby
Custer wait Brazilian champion for a
reason like what what in stressful so
now you guys know who is the winner
we don't really but loosely I feel like
it might be why this is wrong if it's a
draws then you're both winners on the
final round moment but that's all for
today you can check out both these guys
channels in the description subscribe or
yeah over there play girls watching and
soon
