yo guys are stubborn welcome to the very
best division 1 your top comment towards
to buy the entire Iceland team for 20k
why would I do that
luckily that wasn't actually the top
comment so I lied a second ago it was to
buy pole before the French team and or
sterling for the BPL team and I just
don't want to we just bought sanctions
so I'm gonna give you one more chance
20,000 coins let me know who you want me
to buy division one that we drew last
time not again because the first team we
face EU he's got sterling let's see if
he makes me regret my decision here we
go first chance first chance roll up
roll up add 2 - war full wait wait what
what the fuck what on the wait wait
finish it George fuck sake
we have a charge we have a little
counter on here come wait wait far side
far side please take a good touch
finesse
no I gave this is good we're getting
attacks and that's that's what we need
you'll see me just keeping us from our
posture George best does best and that's
one off the bar oh he's on he's on no
was that Johan is he good Johan gold
wait this guy he just caught man City
team come on just give me a goal give me
hello hello hello
no oh no oh no
why was he winning I just don't deserve
to be losing vision one is my kryptonite
please please please okay in that win
that we're not
turn up turn up lemma and turn in and
then for this then is that when he's
actually giving it yeah that's having a
big head company George as I said I
never go in the corner stuff gone but
I'm left and of sport he's fucked up bad
there it is every time every bloody time
on your outside Matsui VY's between EF
seniors about boys I've seen you please
why is Joe Hart nine foot tall in this
game
Coleman's on the wing he's still
dribbling he whips our ball into the
bubble screens back corner he's given it
easy enough time okay you know what I
don't know why I keep going for crosses
cuz I can't cross oh great bull Vaness
for net what what like that how does how
does Joe save that darn even freaking
save a shot straight I am in real life
oh no oh no oh no no no no no no oh
please see with the bicycle click
clearance click there you go here we go
put six on no I said take Itachi Mill
melon this is the chance we have this is
our last chance God but I do please
please please please please
each other no no no I've wasted it I've
wasted it wait wait where's pass this
buzz buzz buzz turn back your footwork
is slower than an elephant come on run
run run run run run please please please
fight NPCs but why did I go straight to
his hands there it is we freaking drew
again I can't keep drawing in Division
one I have to win I can only draw one
more game
to win every single game here we go game
2 and he has a la ligue that
come on BPL team you got to show the
Frenchies why I should choose you over
them stop this stop this stop stop nice
come on let's go
yeah I know every shot Duda seems get
deflected somehow that's a great ball ok
what a touch what a touch what a goal
come on let's show him who's boss let's
show him who's boss go on nice nice a
little numbing cheeky roulette nutmeg
again that count how does that light
just catches it like it's a fucking
piece of cheese you know why have I gone
back there didn't mean to nice pen wait
he's actually giving pepper
George I'm going in the same place they
went last time bottom left please please
please please
that's a terrible Panther you go George
there you go up that back oh yeah
religion wasn't the best rate there it
is halftime to near like this why needed
look Curtis just domination ok let's get
rid of this now let's get rid of this
get rid of any danger and then start
plays in plays it one more George best
and they've cut what how does that work
just stop the disturb it stop
no he's just flopped it that was his
chance oh my days what a ball I begged
up a goal just for that just for the
just for that ball we deserve the goal
turning which I'm not going to because
I'm going to keep going here and they
dribble it back oh oh my god I'm sorry I
am sorry to whoever I'm playing if
you're watching this I apologize for
your goalkeeper hello hello a little bit
of play for him lol oh who was at me
another sick finish
oh it's bracketed right 3-1 let's not do
anything let's not do anything stupid
Simon swim that's all we need it ok for
one that is our first win in Division
one hang on hang on what the hell was
what keeper do it ok for two that is my
first win in Division one
as I said six more wins I have my seven
games and we win the title don't think
that's gonna happen but we could try let
me know you want me to buy twenty
thousand coins say you guys watching and
see ya guys what's going on and welcome
to a game I have seen a few other people
play I think the most recent one I saw
was quibble Cup I'll leave a link to his
in the description below today we are
playing a higher or lower see what do I
did that I win higher okay this is a
game higher or lower it's a Google get
why think it's a Google game is
basically which gets Google more so it's
gonna be two options and then whichever
one is well the second one will then
stay and then the next one
