yo guys what's up and welcome to a euro
edition of the draft
now obviously the quarterfinals have
finished and you know who's through I
however only know that Wales and
Portugal are through I am recording this
on Saturday night oh no no Friday night
so the other two games obviously anyone
could go through I am gonna be building
a draft only using players that are from
the teams of the quarter-final so I can
still use opponent play I could still
use a the other team that played shit
Belgium that's who I could use Belcher
players France Germany Iceland Italy
Poland Portugal Wales and Belgium I
could use those players if I don't have
a choice of them I do have video clips
of JD saying random numbers so I have to
choose that player so here we go into
their draft week oh four three three
defend just go for the first one all
right please give me I can choose her in
Aldo
I could choose lemon dusky as well bail
boom give me a ronaldo and we all Gucci
here Ronaldo boom Polish or French good
what you say busy might link whenever
Saskia my athlete shit to Turkish and a
French it's lab we go with the French
looks like I need to call my good friend
JJ - fuck you JJ outs in top of all of
them if I do get someone else I will use
them instead but England no you're not
in Spanish straight back to JJ five
masaccio they're all free
Belgium yay sense of a can write back a
tattoo that aren't in the tournament but
now me there are these people either I'm
gonna ask the coaches yeah a lot more
than I thought
sorry actually you've done me well Oh JJ
no not dumb me well I'm digging a hole
right now
give me a good goalkeeper die kinder
German oh I can choose any one he said
nervous nipple boy areola there we go
with the choose blue four-door fireman
now do we think we're gonna get
Cheerilee knee yeah you know what boof
one yeah I'm gonna go with Tazawa I know
you're probably gonna hate me for that
but now I could put him there and then
change these two over bang so go well up
here come on
oh wow cuddles cheerly neat love I have
a choice out all of them Chiellini is
the one our Hummels is so good but she
means the one I literally just said what
do I do here guys I'm gonna go in
homeless I think I may have another
chance at cheerleading German German
French French what have I done if I
could have taken hit oh my god I fucked
up you know what I'm gonna take a Matsui
D and we're gonna play you there another
German we have to choose them keep going
get a voice we have to take tally in
Italian and a German which none
ah come on the French okay okay actually
and Nani
yeah I know it's good Benzema is French
boom
I know lemon dose is good but boom 21
chemistry can't use it I can't use him I
have to take you go and take one of
these too we may as well say yeah that's
great oh wait we can't use any other
butts JJ can for Oh sanchez 90 rate and
i'll say that and the final ones give it
silver in it oh oh we have to take Pepe
but that could change the game let me
see I could do with this well guys here
it is boom that is the team 88 rated
you've got 91 chemistry we get a manager
and they all pretty much do the same I
said a French guy and yeah that's that's
the draft done ended up with a 180 I
feel kind of bad about playing this guy
though if I'm honest it was one of the
players that JJ chose actually gonna do
this just to make it fair oh we're gonna
we're gonna switch it out and we're
gonna have a raggy playing there okay
it's love at the chemistry a bit but I'm
a fair guy I'm doing it let's see how we
can do in this draft what do you have
for me you got a half of them aren't
even actually Spanish the Cape yeah
there's quite a few there that aren't in
the euros anymore all right we're off
alright if you guys want me to by the
way I will do one of these for the
semi-finals as well obviously you all
already know who's in it I could still
use a bail I could still use a Ronaldo
or positive closet breath can I'm a
free-kick
never might can I buy free kit is that
mine thank you alright you know what
it's bails
show me Ron no Oh God
Guzman no no no no no I stopped that ah
bloody hell how am i losing this already
bail bail Oh comedian call you serious
yeah that going less last lips are
ballin so I thought there's the bad boy
Matt HD game her Hummels
positive one more and then taking us
shoot what are you doing beds about bail
boom boom bang bang just like that we're
taking the lead garrus garrus garrus
funny bricked and he scored 3 1 as long
as I have him I'm good
there it is halftime I'm 3 1 up I'm
doing alright I mean is stats or even 3
1 it's it's it's gonna stay that way
scenery now that far side head in add
flap what a save what 8 no you know what
that is the last straw Benzema you're
coming off Ben's abhi should have been
scouring that lemon dose he would have
scored it oh no
stay back stay back he's taking that so
early what's a hole oh my god really
how's this happen how is it no I didn't
did oppressor are you serious I was the
other guy and that it just he's gonna
come back into it win this game no and
he you know he is you know he is back
and I went the right way I went the
right way I was holding it early why are
you pausing yet I went the right way
slow if I saved that this game would
have been over how is that come on yeah
that's yeah yeah keep going
garrus garrus you know what you know
what
turn back nice no Garrett's I'm just
trying to cause a nuisance don't
actually give them the ball oh my god oh
my god oh oh this is it final corner as
long as I clear this ball I win he's
taking this time
there it is keep up there we can we win
first round done we got a game against
Paris ganja man and he's got Ronaldo
Messi Daniel busy I've got Kamini as
well you know what let's actually go for
a run we never go for runs that
there's this lag the serious lag right
now it's kind of helping you know what
just have a bang almost go Wyatt don't
quit don't do not quit okay wasn't
quitting he was freeing on Robin
and anyone else and Yannick anyone else
is there gonna be a third ad DeMaria
okay Matsui be mat-su meanie
he's dribbled round everyone and banks
with it I say dribble I mean physically
dribbled around everyone cuz that was
the worst look he shouldered it and then
ran through someone far side gone all
right go fell death though he's come out
and he slipped Kamini what you doing
mate two-nil one more goal and I'm good
to go and I'm team 800 Gareth Bale was
found a week and then Liam off and gone
Matuidi bang three Neal game done sorry
sorry sorry sorry
Gareth was that was that Gareth that
tried that did Gareth really try a
bicycle kick to get rid of that I take
back everything I said Baio is the
reason actually you know what it's gonna
be Wales portugal's so realistically I
can still use both of them I don't even
know for what I just said made sense
cleared through what no are you you went
for him you have to him out of everyone
to go for but late bends them up know
you're coming off you've done a bad
touch you coming off so you look lemon
dusky you know he just offers way more
than beds of a look at the place as well
look at the pace seen you back post
finish it off run but in your own net
Kamini at school for one delay Baris
ganja man and see it for one he's gone
just by the fact it's called Paris ganja
man you know you
like we knew we were gonna be semi-final
time and it's a good team I can't
believe I didn't make a single joke
about semi-finals and how I'm using it
quarterfinal wasted opportunity man
we're off we're off lads was straight in
we're straight in go on he's completely
gone played sir here you go here you go
you go all right you know what bang
there it is go there you know what we
were taking them off already Benzema you
missed an absolute sitter straightaway
you're coming off seeing you through
seeing you God now you go there you go
poke it it's a girl what Neil is that
Matsui D again considering is a CDM and
I'm playing as them as light as cm he's
doing bits or maybe it was actually last
I'm just looking very racist right now
can we please make a tackle please
please stop letting Messi shoot failed
positive turn back so my claim up one
more pass it there's halftime we're only
one nail up this is the semi-final
remember guys not sure if it's deserved
but you know what it's happened we are
struggling to find passes right now go
up pop it up all right and then one more
and then you know what lower does gay
week weak ass shot run Gareth come on
big touch big touch seen you in there
sinuan the keepers come out Oh I grew a
couple inches for that one more one more
go one more one more goal there we go
thank you humbles that time no more like
faffing about with your feet
gods he's done me he's royally done me
why does everyone pause after they score
do not do anything stupid here Simon
nothing stupid and I think it's stupid
I don't know if that was because I had
the player behind him but I'm gonna take
it as it was get to get to get to get to
know no way did he make it through me
there I was to kneel up against this guy
and now I'm drawing tool IRA now though
please just put Paul in back post you'll
delivered us oh it's the time it's
frickin
it's extra time we're going straight in
yeah and you've somehow managed to yep
yeah yeah of course you see that this is
what I mean I knew he was gonna score ah
he thinks I'm gonna pass it now
something I just have a shot with Gareth
Bale over the wall let's have a look at
this Gareth Bale whips it into the top
corner last time and with which for
hints real we got 15 minutes left of
football and then it's got penalties oh
no great block keep on oh I almost kill
oh he's got corner ten minutes left this
is the moment this is the moment it
changes this is the moment it changes no
it does game I wish I had been tomorrow
on right now go go go go go go where are
you fall side oh I know ease please
please please please please please
please yes I'm gonna stay down the
middle because people are bastards
people are bastards or not okay lads I
could be headed for the final who knows
who was a pen I'm safe - in the road
I've just saved to my score this and I'm
in a frickin phenomenal position what
save water
it's a mission right as long as I can
keep story I'm through please know what
we come bottom left I never go for just
even Themis this one we go ah now you go
down the middle this to win Diarra
Diarra of God top right he can't hear me
and we've we're into the final we're
into the freakin final lads we're into
the final and I'm cooling this the euros
we're into the final four euros right
now and what does the final hold the
final holds a 189 that's a solid team
accept check All Right game on we are
into the final what is that all right
you know what Polanski good effort ok
this guy is quite slide happy he's quite
slide happy we passed it along and we're
taking it we are taking the win if we
can I don't care if it's sweaty I'm
doing it oh my days run rock no Gareth
Gareth what have you done what honestly
what is going on I had a clear run with
Gareth Bale to just lay that through to
Ronaldo and he didn't take it
yeah see see cracking completely cracked
look at the space I get against this guy
I'd black a dream of this kind of stuff
one but then look at that I can't do
anything in the final third see look and
look at the space look at the space
please I'm passing out the parsnip and
parsnip pick touch Anthon s there we go
to one I'm running away with it now last
time I'm winning he's only had one
choice bit of bloody boring final please
why is it gone all the way across the
pig Gareth may have to save the day no
because lemon dose key is a donkey that
takes ten years to wind up a shot I mean
in Italy a very good donkey by a
talented footballing donkey but I still
a donkey nonetheless and I just missed
for their last some say that's why Levin
dusky is worth so much is because he's
actually a talented donkey and obviously
a football playing donkey is unheard and
so you know come on one please I'm just
I'm just changed so much rubbish now
whoa go 3-1 Andy's got a chance this is
bad this is very bad all right keep a
look people to come out no stay back
Go Go keep up no great save nipple boy
pressure has got to him it's a 3d world
situation was good outfit it dicks dicks
and I've absolutely fluff that that is
way too far and we've done it we are the
champion we are the champions travelers
Europe we are the travelers show me as
Europe geez we actually won the draft
with the quarter-final team what do we
get what prize is it boom absolute
rubbish it's great well open them see
what we get and I'm not really focused
on our more focused on the fact that we
just won the draft and we get a rear and
the colour fit no it was Corona the peel
is there even anything good in packs
right now that is all for today we will
we've won the draft again that is
Ericsson that is amazing though we won
the draft again thank you guys for
watching have a good day and see it it
started with a one
just kept growing and growing and
growing
let's stop go back to the beginning
that's right we are here and we are
taking back the draft I don't really
know what I mean by taking back the DRA
