yo guys what's going on and welcome to a
game I have seen a few other people play
I think the most recent one I saw was
quibble cock I'll leave a link to his in
the description below today we are
playing a higher or lower see what I did
there I mean higher ok this is a game
higher or lower it's a Google get why
think it's a Google game is basically
which gets Google more so it's gonna be
two options and then whichever one is
well the second one will then stay and
then the next one this is a horrible
explanation let's just play so it's
which has been searched more on Google
ok so play game alright Raging Bull so
that's been ninety thousand times the
Dark Knight obviously higher I'm not
even gonna waste my time on that oh are
you really gonna search rowing I know
there's uh none of those like the
robbing races but are you actually gonna
search it I mean Dark Knight is a good
film surely it's lower than that Shirley
Shirley don't don't ya
what the fuck a chia seeds the fact that
don't know what they are gonna head go
ahead and say lower please be lower
please below please what that no no no
we need to see this chia seeds what the
fucking cheese well are these badges
those like I've taken too many drugs
okay well I got two yeah fridge score is
3.2 so apparently I'm now route okay
here we go Colossus of Rhodes
maroon 5 I've learned all right from
watching clever cops bands are normally
hire car wash that you might be quite
high but maroon 5 no chance mate well
isn't this just a bit sad now loneliness
I mean the fact is also meant to be
doing this video with someone else
screw it I'm not gonna be lonely yeah
see I'm not lonely I got my best bud
here what do you which one do you think
it is okay not really helpful anyway
we're gonna get rid of in that good yep
I'm gonna guess the carwash is higher
loneliness
oh I got beat in my last school already
Billy Joel I've heard of him don't can't
name a song
Oh for the longest musicians hire I'm
sticking by my logic just a vow okay the
dark web I only know one person search
for and that's JJ so I mean I'm gonna
assume he's not the norm if he is we are
screwed
lower come on lower lower lower lower
noise just give me a music good loop
tile Tesla Tesla but people search him
surely not that many people care that
much
please flit ah at least want to get
double digits okay The Shining Madonna
musician higher done boom Eric and 50
cent gets such more just go to the
bankruptcy you know you can clearly see
his bankrupt through this watch that's a
two pound Casio watch that you get from
a bubblegum machine higher please no
Madonna
again I'm and below the average Family
Guy or PayPal surely PayPal the amount
of people that use PayPal 24 million
bulb god oh god no that's gonna be low
but it's telling me high as can be like
4 million okay no in it the Sabbath or
the dress I'm gonna go the dress which
is that's very sad of us we are all very
sad people but pill everyone is sexed up
boom Michael Schumacher I know who he is
before he's starting in a down more than
the pill I mean surely yeah he still
gets that meh oh I don't know what to
choose here iPhone 6's let's get low on
I'm I'm Olivia I'm at I'm actually gonna
do you know what take my place
well that didn't work at all did it okay
that is a terrible school thank you very
much okay this is the one The
Untouchables I don't know what that is
so I'm going to go higher okay you know
what we are not doing well here we go
this is the one we're gonna just we're
gonna feel the energy right now we're
gonna go lower how is that low eyelids
are 5 I need to get know surely not
I need to get to 10 at least Aguero sure
I mean just keep giving me relevant
footballers or musicians
beach-volleyball
know who searches beach volleyball
exactly sorry if you're one of the
40,000 I don't even know what
broadchurch is it's good David Tennant
we're gonna go higher Shirley
okay there we go we're making movement
Seven Samurai I'm not cheating here but
it was on the screen in an earlier round
but just when I was testing this Street
League of Dancing higher okay we have
reached something that I'm a little bit
uncertain about solar panels I mean that
looks like solar panels itself I'm
thinking that solar panels but gonna be
searched for lower Oh
all right here we go Johnny Jackson
musician sticking by my guns or just
about give me a more Edward Snowden I
don't know I don't know I don't know I'm
sticking with my musician fact please
yeah come on one more one more
David and glide were people search
saving life I don't I don't think they
would search it I I know it's very well
no I don't think people would search it
so I'm like a lower we've got turn right
let's keep her busy Joel we've had that
before it was higher okay we were on a
roll right now keep it wrong
I'm going the top 10% I you know what
we're gonna reach 15 then we're stop it
the pill oh no we've already had to peel
what was it it was like 30,000 eyes she
knows like 45 was it it was $30,000
right guys this could be it well we're
way at the Holocaust I know that's a bad
point to join back in but we're at the
Holocaust surely lower it slower we are
on a leopard the pill was lower okay
33 come on two more higher one more one
more
come on besides Matt that's lower that
has got to be lower we got over 20 let's
we're not actually going for 20 please
that's it
what the hell is why itself as soon as I
bring it back in with daren't doing my
kidding eye and stuff and there will go
I go up Austria come on what I go broke
free that's gonna be more why did I do
I've had Monaco Grand Prix like five
times come on we return again i Djokovic
that's gonna be like a mil okay exactly
I'm out okay Big Lebowski I know it's a
film but I'm gonna Kalu yes come on got
Gillette that's gonna be quite right you
know what guys this is my final one this
is my final go anorexia it's gonna be
less that's sad but you know what the
temptations is gonna be nothing but I'm
not going my musicians corruptions gonna
be higher than that
there we go we're going on a roll right
now Bayern Munich high lift to the sky
one mil boom Taiwan lower we're on a
roll we are on a roll you can't stop us
we're on a roll
not really there's no roll underneath me
but you know what I mean witless people
shows up okay good Samsung definitely
higher definitely debt nine million app
Oh Apple watches like seven mil five mil
okay five mil do but the Gran Torino is
surely lower yeah 200,000 come on boo or
Easter that's got beat oh I don't know
what we chose but I'm gonna guess it's
huge and go higher
yep okay it is it was bigger than I
thought Vienna lower 12 well on 12 come
on come on
it Mozambique lower than that yes come
on our team Coolidge a BAM boom
hi 2.2 give me something nothing give me
thus that's got real our Shore Noah I'm
gonna get high no why can't I beat 1500
croissant meant to happen today guys but
I do have some smart friends like Vick
or Jay Josh Josh if you guys want to see
me do this again with someone else let
me know in the comments below thank you
guys for watching and see division 1 has
eluded me too long now I know what
you're all thinking
you get relegated last time yes yes I
did but off camera this is what happens
