Division 1 has eluded me too long now I
know what you're all thinking and you
get relegated last time yes yes I did
but off-camera this is what happens and
I got a bunch of other goals
riyaad we are back in Division one now I
am only gonna be playing one game today
because this is more of an update one
because I obviously did the whole of
Division two off-camera so we are
playing our first game obviously you
have seen right now that I have
Sturridge I also have about 20,000 coins
right now I can save them and buy
someone better or you could tell me what
to do with them top comment will be the
one I choose
it's a Division one BPL team including
the Daniel Sturridge here we go let's
see what we have brothers game this is
more like a drafter you serious what the
hell am I meant to do here leads badge
as well ah Division one I don't like you
oh god he's good I can tell he's good
yeah he's good there's what we're losing
one nil already
what is this Division one what is the
vision one honestly I'm I'm gonna get
relegated again on her guys he is really
really good this is painful
Oh how has he got through that though I
am NOT happy with you thoughts wha they
don't know okay okay and then all that
that's a how is that not foul he just
fuckin pushed me in the dick oh my that
was my chance I needed a free kick there
good
get to him no great challenge Go Go Go
Go Go hey games like this ones where I
know that I am a royally being chewed up
spat out like the useless piece of Pete
Pete gone go oh we scored
is that Dmitrievna wait to meet using my
French steamer our such as oh my God
we're back we're back in no do not let
no no no don't no don't open oh my ah
David silver come on man you let me down
here let me down
royally let me down and he's oh boy Lee
screwed up
how are we just let me just get rid
there you go come on why not a Mike oh
my god no children
no let's go Tim and he's now scored in
it no no he hasn't he hasn't he's about
to he's about to and let's go make a
tackle are we made out there we go
halftime oh I do not deserve to be in
this game at all but I ain't complaining
just whip a ball into the bat post your
little B you all you must but I tell you
what we're actually doing very well at
keeping the pressure up far side there
it is please win that please when a
header
oh my god get sir storage put your life
on the line no you know what we're just
gonna hit that cross bang where's the
finish wait finish no wait
turn up
oh my oh my god how are you reading this
how these horses stopping all of this
how's it goes turn back where is he he's
not
how does he score from there I call
school with Sanchez and he scores that
will be all my boy I told you guys it's
gonna be a tough second half you had
truly believes that we could still do
this but I need I need to pull okay this
is his final chance and my final chance
realistically I gotta make a tackle go
to make a tackle come on are you serious
go go go go go go go go go and there's
the final chance got lucky wait okay
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
I'm saying wait because because rough
bet then we're gonna play to the last
minute oh my god and this is legend vs.
my legend okay here we go go bottom
right I never got one we've got bottom
right we've got that wrong ah fuck you
goalkeeper will you whistle ref there we
go we've got the draw like that oh my
god I'm happy with it all I know
realistically I need to win the games in
Division one but a draw to start against
that team I will take it there's
division one that's the first game done
let's see how we can do next time that's
all for today thank you guys for
watching and see
there's a lot there's a lot going on
bitches the right one others is that I
get was trying to yeah yeah I ca
yeah I see I guess the left one is uh
she's just drinking his coke yeah left
one is Darryl Sittler sons aren't
anywhere near as bad oh my laughs one is
I don't know she is
