yo guys what's up and welcome to a
dirty-minded test now we're gonna find
out which one of us is more dirty minded
or how dirty mind we are combined now I
know your dirty mind the who breathe I
wondered basically there's a load of
pictures and we have to just click the
ones that seem dirty to you all right
that's not one of them okay I don't know
I like to be oh these are the only
people I've seen I'm honestly still
trying to figure out what the left one
could be it's a baby holding a phone oh
my god is but the right one is like it's
like it could be fisting but I think
it's more of um she's a tranny and she's
getting jerked off what I'm definitely
seeing the first one is day if you
honestly saw that as she's a Chani
ganger tub that is dirty fucking not
allowed we will go over laughs one
little voice I dunno you can click both
oh you can yeah we'll just click as many
as it lets me think of dirty yeah I
think that's done
there's a lot there's a lot going on
which is the right one others is that I
get what trying to yeah yeah I see la
yeah I see I guess the left one is uh
she's she's drinking his coke yeah left
one is Darrell so those are not anywhere
near as bad
oh my loved one is I don't know she is
but neither do I she's like I'm sorry
I'm sorry we detonators yes she's like
holding I guess is that a stem I don't
know like I have no idea what eyes
leaves an onion that's not onion all
right one on the right one it looks like
someone's about to shit on the baby but
obviously obviously but it's just the
guy who's bolded where do you see the
shit oh well the code it's looks like an
ass listen here's what to show the baby
babies ah you see how the white I was
just like well uh yeah I said I was okay
I'm gonna say even though that is like
penis shaped yeah phallic object it's
not no it's not this one is the classic
lab ass the classical and the classic
lamp well the right one the naked girl
in the middle Oh Mike she's not making
holy shit that's right you see an item a
linear Jesus yeah imagining that oh my
god
I'd say that's dead early over like
creased there Annette yeah yeah yeah so
like nothing to me the difference the
other yeah yeah I thought that was a bit
of hair no no no I'm just realized that
she has big arms yeah oh my god that's
actually mine that's a mad fellow yo
what complain I hope she did that tough
no no yeah Oh
won the Internet Louise's she's all mad
foot you know that's a that's a mad dog
neither mad daughter I think it's a dog
that she missed oh okay well one on the
right is let's just I don't know how
that looks like you guys didn't realize
what actually is yeah
I don't even know that is close to
captures next each other only yeah I'd
be an ass like someone bent over that is
terrible ha ha which you can ignore
those two know what over the right one
what the one is shank in his ass
yeah I like both of them oh my god both
of them I met both of them looks like Oh
what I two fingers that actually looks
like a clip mother that it's just so
weird those kids like is some donkey
dick bring it oh my god there's kids
yeah honestly I verified they're like
the one on the left is looking at it all
right oh my god they are both a hundred
under extremely dirty
clarenbach amazing sideways by next 100
whoa Wow okay okay so last one is a bike
seat yeah looks like he's a it's got
really really really long erection and a
really strong erection defendable a
thing like that much like the powerful
erection of Jesus the one on the right
is one of those cushion fishes even one
of these things I come to - you have
this Vick convinced me to buy one it's
such a mom thing to have Nick can visit
do you think of an art straightaway when
you see that no really
but I know that is my human color color
yeah no I knew that I should so we have
a Bible so powerfully okay I don't think
this is working I think we're too day
minded yeah why is the left
oh just plenty of adjourns okay yeah I
thought that I just yeah I just went to
look like but her legs lair so she's
sitting with a length out and then
there's a couple hands going down these
two rubbish yeah oh wait Oh what can the
one of the left be Ilyitch our elbows I
don't know why I wasn't so like pink and
the one on right I'm still trying out a
fee
oh my god what a real life times well
that's a fucking cave anyway that's not
one of them things again I don't do what
this is like what you're fucking my
all like ha ha ha chiana's like massive
doors there you go
to see in like museums and like it just
slowly opens eyes may that is that's the
final boss of Mario right there let me
seems do you go to are they a go to
museums for door alright next tip Walt
mad that they're both actually mad is it
tomato or what but alright that yeah
that's a that's a mad phone the boat
Dave Wow
yeah I'm not there all right so now we
get to find out it reminded me all right
what you getting for what out 25 what
who scales at a 25 all right 10
disappear out of 10
oh I'd say what 9 yeah I'm gonna agree
with you oh wow he is shocked and
appalled at your behavior ksi but even
for you and I saw nothing
there's only like is slide dick
somewhere like it was amazing wasn't it
yeah one of them just something and you
like nothing that's like a lamp in Chile
haha
the lamp um was actually uh right so
that is all for the how dirty-minded
are you really test I'm pretty certain
you would have all guessed that answer
to be fair yeah but that is all for
today you can check out JJ in the
description thank you guys for watching
and see it started with 190
just keep growing growing and growing
I'm not stopping
- endless go back to the beginning
that's right we are here and we are
taking back the draft I don't really
know what I mean by taking back the draw
