it started with a one night
just kept growing growing and growing
when will it stop
- endless go back to the beginning
that's right we are here and we are
taking back the draft I don't really
know what I mean by taking back the
draft but basically I'm doing a sub 100
draft now I know gang under 100 isn't
actually that difficult but to have
under 100 and winner game is so I think
my team is the best chance of doing that
so my voice is slightly gone but I
present to you a 99 rated draft every
player has got one chemistry for some
reason they can't not have it it's 88
rated and I don't know I feel
comfortable with my defense I feel
comfortable with my attack I think we
actually have a chance let's see what
team we are facing let's guess a BBVA
I'm gonna get I'm gonna guess the BBVA
it's holy shit well okay this is the
start of one eight nine it only seems 15
when I play against the 189 or 190 with
this team all right let's go guys let's
go big tackle make a tackle make a
tackle please nice here we go - and
we'll just play slow play slow went oh
no oh my god I forgot I dive a
goalkeeper is this Brit really this is
happening why is this a bit of pleasing
him alright let's try that again who are
we facing this okay a 190 this seems
even more fitting all right here we go
come on let's go but this is play it
around play it around put pedal play
nice football that's what we're about
oh my god oh my god yes you have chance
give a shot real job let's go is it
yes we're winning I told you I have a
good team as long as he doesn't shoot me
go look at this look we're getting a
chance to get shots please be on booth
side
oh this web guy is amazing thank you
thank you oh my god ref ref that's a red
and a penalty come on you have to send
them off you actually have to send them
up that I'm completely through come on
you have to send them off are you thank
you all right Ron now is your chance
finish this off make up for what you did
the orbs what happened to Neil with this
team are you mad I still hear he's still
it's staying honestly I don't think I
could have got a worse opponent in the
first game with a 190 as well oh shit um
I take it back this guy is right but I
can win this he nears ten men why am I
not attacking his wing oh shit okay it's
really hitting me that I have a goal
kicker now yeah even if I lose this game
I am ecstatic that I have scored two
goals please win that bleep what what no
no no no here we go here we go here we
go pass it in and then bail hey turn
address wait he's still - ah still got
shot let me go ski but there we go
there's my center blow it's my
centre-back playing said to me three -
who would've thought I wouldn't have an
issue scoring goals with this team here
we go whoo yo and then lay him off on
the edge jodel pass it one more all
right
fail fail turn out and then smash it
across at that for - what's the actual
hell
going on Ronaldo he's on a run he's on a
run okay shoot and it's just turned in
between two people going he's still
going brinda okay we'll just finesse it
Jardel that's that's the center back
again half timer were winning four to
cheese I know he's only got 10 min ago
but I made that happen I hate to think
what's gonna happen next round is this
too far out for a free-kick that's
completely fine mate is completely fine
I'll just turn around there like I said
finish that what so my centre back can
score but an actual striker Khan oh holy
shit oh shit sighs my ghoul close right
there Gareth Bale up front you know what
when deserves a goal went deserves one
there it is
maybe you already had one Marcus Butler
well played please just quit man with 70
minutes in it's 6:00 to scout the
station
I'm right the team doesn't even feel
like I'm playing with the weird team
honestly mate just shoot and you're
probably score like if you actually
shoot you're probably school we have to
target first far sides gone mate
Shondell the centre back shut down well
that's right climax and that is the end
of the game yeah who the thought that
the under 100 team would actually win
again surely it's gonna be it's gonna be
roughly one night meet ok 189 as a
thought just too easy 189 one night is
too easy now can the team do it twice is
the real question
come back here little shit come back
come back
oh my god oh my god oh my great double
save Marty ripoff oh no oh no oh no wait
wait yep good smuggler Tim please please
great great tackle tackle again ha sit
let's go you're screwed just whack it in
Sanchez Sanchez and centre back ribs Oh
riff leave below long yeah he's just
passing it across that's gonna be his
game plan in it and I can't defend it
for some reason you go bail built built
built and if nothing went would finish
that damn it oh no oh please Wigan oh I
need to stop letting him shoot right
when you are left footed I believe so
poor good balling through this but no
like a second miss - how did I miss both
of those I mean the second one was a lot
harder to be fair but how does it make
the crossbar and the post and he's gonna
say that as well I don't feel
comfortable but I definitely feel like
it's if it's possible to win this like
is that with the foe he meets the
freakin loads of shoot come on like I
said please please
ok if you can't shoot at least learn to
cross no you don't want to do anything
to make it a thief eh
fail fail fail fail just say oh uh I had
remnants of like a Jemaine Beckford the
Maggie night in an Old Trafford vibe
just the sheer pace and then the keeper
comes out and the little thing Oh time
and you know what look I'm it I'm in
this I really do this come on let's go
let's go let's go let's go
Ranas really mothers up for me hey pass
it or something oh my god and this is
gone yeah I just used to do one pass and
he's completely through why are they all
on their knees is that this guy sucks
dick you all remember my defense have no
chemistry whatsoever together Eli did
smoke wearing my defense gone wearing my
defense gone right surely surely he's
dribbling off them all my this is this
is the downfall guys and as the next
girl bears but that yeah for one guys
it's already over
get rid kick like my keeper what I know
what I know he's not keep up
oh please just end this hell please ref
just blow your whistle and end this
there it is I yeah I got I got a bit
arrogant in the first game and then got
shat on in the second game I didn't
think it was a 6-1 though okay now we
get to see what we get for one win yeah
gold pack whoo Messi on the front
I love Messi even though he just
destroyed me on Alito oh no a silver
players pack as well we get one rare I
can't wait for nothing oh my god whoa
so that is the under 100 draft I'm sorry
that I can get any further but trust me
it is really really difficult that is
all for today thank you guys for
watching oh wow
hey baby
