it is finally time time for what you
asked
time to get my legs waxed I can't get
them any higher what I'm doing today is
a foot draught and now I know they're
not the most popular things at the
moment so I thought how can i spice this
up Wow
they sent the wrong one okay this is
this is actually foot bikinis and
underarm but I'm gonna be using it on my
leg so what I'm gonna be doing is doing
the drop I'm allowed to choose the
formation and the captain then I have to
auto-complete my team and I can't fix it
at all a game go ultra attacking in for
every goal I can seed I get a strip on
my leg by John um I could be boring and
go with the defensive one but I'm gonna
go with one that I think you know I
could play better with go for a 4-3-3
okay I seems fair all right here we go
Capitan North I'm give me a good captain
right we are Oh see there him or another
but we're gonna go for the international
man of the match message here we go guys
complete my squad this can't be undone
and I can't change it three two one boom
oh no no no what is this okay go bail I
got I got a check okay back on you guys
the team we are using so guys I have the
strips ready these look so horrible
let's see what we're gonna be facing
come on I don't want to have to do oh my
god again it looks like I'm definitely
getting at least one strip here we go
here we go here we freakin Lee no messy
near post bang
one-nil lien a little messy two-nil
loudly laughing on to a good plan of get
my legs waxed and of course I get kicked
off Alton let's try this again okay you
know what just cause we demolished that
guy I'm gonna go for the most attacking
one probably the
four three two one unsafe go we'll go
with it anyway Capitano is so yeah one
the thicket deploy let's take a Fanta de
Bruyne right complete my squad ei go on
go for it
do your worst alright John Terry got an
idiot they gotta bail but see what we
could do right let's see you the second
person go jeez man here we go alright
all that sack there it is oh my god come
on what run bail run bill run run run
run bill run turn it yep yep yep Belgium
back babe pass across take touch and
then turn out nice hello makeup you're a
mistake
may God for your mistake dammit oh my
god oh my good
come back it know that winning I'd have
been so pissed off
oh no keep us no back keeper stay back
no no there's the first wet ah make the
first guy rage quit and now this long
and how do how do I do this you do that
bit you don't have love that bit I
reckon I'm a free-kick I want my free
kick I don't I don't know I just I can't
go free kick 5 it's two-sided want this
on line for the front oh no no no no I
like it I like it I can take it my out
up yet oh my god wait a lender's there
is a nice line no no no no hey yeah I'm
gonna pass it I'm gonna Fawcett oh my
CDs gonna turn off as well
oh my god not I call it up my car lay
another goal in I'll take him down
before I let go Lynn they're all screwed
up do that oh my god I'm actually sir I
got a red I got a red for that please
don't score this don't be dumb be that
guy
can you do it already I'm nervous top
rap
oh uh you know what I might last around
the back no you don't display properly
otherwise they leave it lay properly
yeah okay Matt please you know which way
to do it right no no I wax my legs over
window wax my legs
John this one oh I don't like that feel
we should get the right way is that when
you've done it come around it's gonna be
up as well it's gonna be fast though all
right happy
that's me why I don't know mozzies back
on No hit this okay whoa
oh my god no no no actually this isn't
meant for legs oh my god oh my god when
I lick it more wrap Josh ah come on
you can't put it back on stop yeah
ah I'll let you off one me but if it if
you can see it again ah ah please go
please for school please please
how am I not scoring there honestly so
on these funds your hair will stay by we
I put it on this way what yeah you're
not being meant to do it up you own your
hair today
what go away don't no no wait what okay
I think I'm sensing a goal here I'm
sensing it I'm certain
would it be a great time oh do not hey
we're doing a shoot oh wait I've got
okay
no you dick you know this is the most
aah aah
wait he fucked up finish it bang kids I
would hair doesn't come off that way -
oh but it's a lot some hair oh good this
is so much hair I can't
Rikin it look at you well you can see I
don't in half turn it off
blend it back please beyond yes but back
in I am NOT going to sometime I'd rather
conceit we've survived with only two
four strips
I completely forgot I don't understand
about this there's no way I'm not gonna
concede
no but edge sure finish it but I'll guys
awful yeah I'm actually like sitting
further away from the camera because I'm
scared of Josh down here with black
strips he asked to pass it he's gone for
the past forever he's holding me off
yep that's even worse that's even worse
the tip it was take a limb bro I'm
actually so nervous I am so nervous he's
hit the post seen you through come on
God will make their post you are white
pen wait wait what are you
what's he doing he's just gonna run it
is horrible those truly horrible ah I
don't like that feel I don't what have
you
why me you've already done that part
damn it Josh you really this is a
Pacific kind of you this isn't how did
it go then one alright enjoy the next
one I don't know preference can I have a
shower and just get it off no oh oh
don't you get off in four Lakes : oh my
god ah oh you but that's a laugh
hey God it's a lot more look less
painful that way no I didn't meet hot I
didn't me the book finish it finish it
Oh God oh my god that's the worst go
I've ever seen in my life Oh God
let this happen we Carla the boy you're
my captain you are my really another
strip this is not even two strips please
don't get on the doll please do not get
another goal you horrible horrible being
if he scores another he is a horrible
person
get rid get rid of it it's over it's
over the game is over
I do please I lost fuck oh no no I have
you like you did not jump properly fix
it fix the fix of hatch three two one
did you get it no no no that's fine
my forehead that's fine look at that it
looks like it it looks like a battle
wound write it in winter you check out
Josh's the description there isn't too
much of that over there but subscribe
over there thank you guys for watching
and see ya I'll have this sure enough
good safe joke one proud of you son
oh no that isn't for face an orphan boy
well played right we're gonna do we
gonna do I'm just a cool gonna stay cool
you guys I'm gonna even it hi Daddy huh
what that was the computer that's what
Ari is kristymatt the car Walker no side
Oh
