what's up guys and welcome to the key be
our challenge now a while ago Toby
challenged me to keep your challenge an
hour yeah
Simon you're up next to see what you got
now I have character on the camera doing
some very very rude gestures to me what
this is really there are four balls this
one this one this one
hey basketball Toby what amount of keep
yep I've to try and beat but I decided
to add a little twist for each one apart
from the person first I'm just doing
normal wing Toby did it this way the car
I could try to beat that this is just a
normal one that will be twist to the
other one but this one seems hard enough
ready good luck wait give you stretches
here we got boot cut cheese
that's a 360 by the way but I saw that
360 how many better 40 what is that I
lost count I mean I think I love it 51
52 like my feet no but I could be wrong
I'm gonna say this I guess as I said
that's the first one simple enough
now you get the idea I'm adding a twist
second challenge this book this is what
happened with Tobin here we're done
come on and now I'm trying it so this is
yeah he go 47 I can't get one in there
47 you know I can't do it channel your
inner suit
I'm gonna help you I'm gonna help okay
sweet spot oh I need to get ten fuckers
Paul you're in deep breath for magazine
bonsoir
right whatever
not sure it's quite the same round three
normal footballs I should be able to do
this challenge this time is Manny Manny
he's going to be on my back the entire
time ket okay tell us that's quick right
I have to be whatever told me that this
is what Toby did oh yeah oh so this is a
little bit embarrassing compulsory what
this is gonna do for you oh I was always
this fun
you better join in take - oh my god
will you leave or you go hold on tighter
this time hold on legalize mucha wants
ya know lick your arms together miles
yeah
Diana man oh yeah you see people so what
you want to do is he should feel your
balls against his white couch on the
stop just hold on a flat strangle me
okay yeah
just save my god leave me hanging out
with stereos I did you see how
l-3 God thank you get back that's my
comment whose fuck was that run for but
farther up but come outside of this
because the fire round is a basketball
this is one of the Matata we did it so
the challenge here is I'm going to be
doing this I've got big Toby's 37
roughly or whatever it was in for this
standing behind the camera with some
little treats for me no symmetry this
one is your I think give you a bigger
cover
it's the scariness but I'm almost Alice
I need to be ready but I'm okay I mean
mobility right there we go us up instead
I know that's Josh yeah it's just job
aims to kill so there we go
Oh No everything just shows like I my
body doesn't work anymore
no this is the celebrate drop every blow
safely to the man right so that if we
keep your challenge done I can believe
two of the rounds I'm taking three of
them I want to challenge this start of
this right
I hear going on moment of truth okay
since that one isn't going to work on a
challenge
Ethan Harry and breezy to do this again
Tony and Manny have done it already
I'm challenging those three let's see
hello Oh got to end of this venture
Obama's killed his brother those who
have been challenged I'm sure they'll do
it soon in their own way spank us
watching thanks even further let's try
to kill me yeah Anna sure well the hell
just happened there oh no wait I kind of
it no I want to see what some of them
said Jay got a Jay John got issued my
nose is Loki itchy ass Georgia smell
that affect the otter I just find love I
feel like I'm filming a porno this is
why I want to leave the Sun free to me
only white people man wait
