back - that's right we're back you know
what this ain't going too well we need a
win and a draw to stay in the division
what do you guys tell me to do sell
Lukaku so I can buy Rooney or storage I
think it was this is it right there so
you know I will sell him at the end of
this episode so that I can play him for
now and then sell him and then hopefully
get some coins and buy one of them you
guys gonna let me know which one of them
you want to buy Rooney or storage but
now we are playing two games in Division
one and if we can win and draw then it I
might even need to sell em to have the
coins if we haven't finished this
episode then yeah let me know if you
want me to buy extra matches from the
catalog I know someone else suggested it
and yeah I'm kind of agreeing with him
right now
Frenchie's let's go I let's see the
Division one pussy old and I'm gonna
have to be what is that okay it's an
average ppl team nothing special nothing
a bit of French cheese gon handle and
empty seats man what's that bow no time
to talk Simon time to win BAM tackle
here we go here we go
what what Hyatt where is your pace you
just been absolutely shat on by van
Aanholt
come on where is your place okay Pyatt
we get a mysterious falling out soon if
you don't pick up your pace come on make
a tackle make a tackle mega mega putz it
is scored what the Frick is going on I
have to win I'll it I can easily have to
draw this game at least I don't know how
he made it through there come on we need
some support through the middle and then
ref rep rep how was that not a foul
Popeyes
is one of them here we go bang haha what
is okay pens them up we're gonna have a
falling out soon here we go this is it
this is it gone bang
I've just done a shot I've decided you
know what I need to stop passing around
here to the area and shoot that's right
that's why you can see that coming to
jump out and they touch in a by oh my
god within the bush come on George this
is where George comes into his own here
you go look then you whip in but boys
bang so sorry so watch it how did I not
just school ah please give me one more
chance just before the half please come
on I need a droid please no ok get go go
go go go let's go we're gonna attack him
now no I wouldn't bus that way you read
or down I lose it a hard time and I
don't deserve to be look at that I know
he's had more possession ok Buster's
busy parsley around the back
I'm not gonna show you that Mike that
would be very interesting yeah there we
go finesse it first
I should've smashed it in near post I
just put a ball in Peyer
a shocking ball there's a really really
shocking ball okay you've done well
there though and you have heard have you
it was a glorious ball he has so many
players back this is horrible how am I
meant to deal with the tummy that's how
that's how and then we got wide and then
coburn cover whips a ball in near Pozzo
you know where we're going Altru
attacking here we go here we go here we
go turn it no I should have laid it
option my I've wasted that so badly got
a couple nice we can get back into this
we have chances we have chances what the
Frick is that just need one goal come on
come all right and then pass in no into
the area yes sir panel run run
clear back in oh my god no wait wait
wait wait Oh
Oh No Oh No go on pass it in and there's
golf for house go breaking my losses in
this game
i'ma have to get the extra game it's a
disgusting tactic he's on that ultra
defensive it's mad you know what George
have a finesse and there you go that's
wider look if you scored that I may have
had a chance at this point there's
nothing to lose you've got an ultra
attacking okay turn it toss it and then
go on bag one we get a corner that's
fine oh my keepers off and the ball in
there we go there we go turn in our nice
nice no not nice this is my final chance
yeah I fucked it up I've absolutely
fluffed it up completely and there it is
ladies and gentlemen another frickin
loss in Division one I am really stunned
fucking hate this division look at that
no one in this division plays nice
football
hi I have to win and draw my last game I
mean I'm gonna see what happens in this
game anyway I'm looking for the BPL
teams are really do me proud here Luke a
coup it may be your last game better do
well around Madrid KITT Real Madrid
badge what the I'm screwed let's just
hope these one of the people does just
bought a lot of coins and he's not
actually very good at the game
there you go George think oh god that
was close
okay cook ago he's gonna throw things
gonna throw nice I read that what is
make
a tackle someone here we go mate here we
go yeah nice do not give a penalty thank
you oh oh oh okay and then tie back lay
it up oh no no no no Elite reset in the
last game I need to just learn to shoot
a bit run George run George run joy opal
black America Nathan oh oh oh oh George
best can be bullet there it is Oh George
Busbee hula and George best wins I love
little winged play than a he loves these
little wings play and there's the past I
blocked it I actually brought that here
we go Marino to know why you're here
don't know why but I don't really care
put it back George no turning up the
heat now he's turning up the heat but he
hasn't done anything with it okay one
bought one more meant exhausting George
Oh George I thought I was in honestly I
haven't sweat this long in so long
ticket cake
oh my god one look at you please bigger
touches not touched it it's not it's not
battle to boot it's turned out turned
out far post there's the ball eyes keep
has come out for that make it to
halftime make it to halftime why am i
sliding in there he's gonna pass it come
on go to him someone good Tim no no no
great save slide is mr. you stomp hey
Simon we're winning but only just
oh my please can I just get another go
Oh No there it is let's go
what what what does my keeper doing my
keeper literally was just walking out oh
my god what is he gonna do here what's
he gonna do get a pink ribbon we're
gonna know wasn't down he's outta sure
that's fine go on planning good oh come
on little boy
get a book okay all right and then touch
there's a shock it's up no no no
holy there it is that like that that's
the core of boomers just like that
doesn't happen for me
oh shit if I lose this I'm not even able
to use this game it's over me I'm out on
to be someone I am actually out what no
no no no no no all right we can go we
can go you know where you have to go
OSHA Tekken or what thought how is that
what go plus it run run run run run and
then pass it across but no always block
that off very well come on please nuke a
coup please please see through that no
that's mud shot
okay wait there's one more one more
charge one more shot you know what that
is
oh it's a six minute there it is guys
it's over write that if that is division
1 over to the fat bullsh
again how many times we gonna get the
ball back guys
we're we're relegated we are relegated
on my feet oh I can't believe we're
actually getting relegated we're
actually relegated into division 2 again
I just can't be bothered
thanks thanks mate thank back to
Division two I don't know do you guys
want me to play these games join me to
just like play them without showing you
them get back would you want me to do
let me know Lukaku mate you're gone you
are not staying I'm gonna put you up for
three days cuz I'm making sure you felt
well that's all for the very freakin
worse thank you guys for watching let me
know what you are need to do and yeah
see you ready take cover immediately
there's a while visiting on the loose
what's happened he's pissed why because
people are throwing balls out and it
keeps getting on continuing video yo God
doesn't wit yo guys what's going on and
welcome to another sidemen vines
reaction I'm joined today by the 5th
side man it is
