right buddy take cover immediately
there's a wild buzzing on the loose
what's happened
he's pissed why because people are
throwing balls out and it keeps getting
launched continuing yo God doesn't win
yo guys what's going on and welcome to
another sidemen vines reaction I'm
joined today by the fifth side man it is
Harry hello how are you
this is me although I'm just an Emma
okay yeah how are you guys done out his
first visit it's a compilation of the
best of sidemen vines so now yeah we're
gonna react to that so I mean sure I
haven't seen one of these yet you
haven't seen haven't seen one of these
years that's perfect actually because
I'm going to show you this video first
okay sighs I'd sure like some 1 2 3 yeah
oh my god
12 seconds later most people don't make
it this far in fuck you all right now
we're actually going on to best side man
vines part 5 we go right there's a
little intro normally so okay you're
just done more the copy back okay Wow
nobody you know there was an actual
intro which is that song but no I've
seen that I've seen this channel before
I don't know well why did you sing it I
was trying to explain to Toby that there
was an intro okay all right now we have
to get on to the actual vine so oh no ha
ha ha I know this woman I've seen it
do you read what a chat I was wait you
know what you know when I got to here
I honestly for he was gonna
you know everyone's going yeah yeah when
we were mentioning okay oh my god god I
think I actually started that llama
trend I tweeted the llama everyone's -
in his haircut but it's a - it is so bad
it needs to be sorted I used to it like
I am and whenever I shocked every time I
see him now what is bad hey let me spell
it for you fuck out of my fucking way
sorry
some of the makers lip Nobles okay not
Hakeem star man anyone who watches
keemstar k I'm not called mini-minor
that just sounds like those terrible
sounds like a minecraft channel sounds
like something with seven drawers
although there's a wait does it hang
what we're thinking about they do that's
the whole point of them they mind that
yes they do there's a heigh-ho heigh-ho
oh yes he doesn't miss a dinner hang
grenade haha no is it I don't think
that's just the one okay that's just the
school one and for every vine is by
someone from something Minter the
something mindo it's not okay it's just
some of them most of us 99% of anything
on Twitter side quite a few rows ashore
oh my god winter as your classic was
that you ever look at someone and wonder
what is going on inside their head Bob
first of all I look good in this shirt
second of all I look at in this short
ain't part of our little didn't t-shirt
so tell me I don't look
what the hell just happened there no no
I want to see what some of them said JJ
JJ got tissue
my nose is Loki itchy F Josh's hands
smell that like the answer I just find
love I felt like I'm filming a porno
this is why I want to leave the Sun free
Toby only white people manners so wait
what
wait STG what does that mean no idea
let's give you a little group of
unorganized disrespectful mob cards that
play my space mobsters Shirley us what
does STG me swear to god swear to God
that make sense
no one is here in different design but
Paco go hey you're not the last one to
do this man you know it was oh yeah when
he's left Ethan hasn't done this
anywhere else just even not my mommy
topicals I forgot your mother was wrong
what is the boys dish
what is this poisonous you did not look
like a frog I swear on my life I did I
was alive
no I Runyan about you that's actually
pretty bangin I are Tiger oh yeah all
right I got my carving Mama's Batman if
it even was so easy it was easy as
you'll see
oh my god I say you would do this more
you know yeah it's only once on it
yeah that's me oh my god sighs thank you
yeah I get it oh you know every single
one of these are pretty son has had a JJ
son played at everyone that goes using
this year every time watch him go he'd
be rolling down the street he'd be
thrilled to the beat
have you seen a bike where he's big
during that and then they took him to a
ball game
oh yeah that's one of my favorite vines
ever some of these just I don't know
what is that's a pretty good at it like
it's right for these so many most is
that it's a very impressive they are you
to your pussy is destroyed by my massive
penis and your tits are squirting me in
the face no no I'm not gonna shush
George just actually did kind of zoom in
on Josh as well no no my day why I
delighted to be what's the part one to
four matter how's that five of the air
guessing as there's one side man left
there's gonna be one more as well there
better be a bumper car so that's all for
Simon bestvines pop five thanks Harry
for not worrying through those and me
and then quite impressive I'm on a quiet
present there's a lot less there that
make us look normal
there's normally a couple where we sit
there and are we actually look alright
and then yeah then full-on weirdo mode
but yeah that's all for today so if you
somehow don't know who Harry is you can
check them out in the description thank
you guys for watching and see ya I just
need another goal to just completely
lock the game off he keeps getting that
who did save the time to text me that
you put him off though thank you whoever
that was and then he gets a chance like
this and then yeah I fluff that and he's
come on Simon you know where I'm going
you know where I'm going straight to
keeper gone minute head it across and
then George I'm scrubbing shoot all
right where we going
