what's up guys are welcome to another
draft I am doing a strictly normal draft
last time I tried the international man
of the match did not go well although I
did then use a 1:9 one I think and it
went pretty well today we just we just
scrapped in that international analyze
it comes up and it helps I'll use that
but we're just going into the draft
we're just going to trying it the best
team possible and win formation or one
two one two why here we go give me a
captain give me a good captain okay
we'll take a moderate scare off all
already this is this is horrible lack of
set as a better card but we're gonna
take him oh oh oh babe
that's a tasty little card you got there
Garrett I just gonna drop it on me like
that
I'm just give me some good players I beg
everything ass why is just a chemistry
can please please please please please
believe in Louise give me some good
players getting the lowest rate of all
of them our bench baby freakin amazing
right now
cuz right now this is awful Matthew
welcome aboard now with its changing now
now that there we go this one looks like
a game Liga BBVA that was always gonna
happen if we're just trying to win come
on give me some more good players take
highest rate if we're not gonna use them
aren't we I need a right mid or below I
need a right mid a cam and a striker Oh
Anna left mids yeah I'm gonna take a
Rodriguez and no Hulk is high rated and
he's a right mitt I'm hoping that I can
get some better the dance looks Arion
you know what we're gonna put Rodriguez
in now we get a Bundesliga striker in
camp no this is horrible give me the
players that you normally give me okay
put this
cam Drax's good as well Bundesliga
strike offer Frick safely Maria screw
the breeze man high rated breeze min as
well come on strike up late what is
wrong with this we just leave one
freaking Bundesliga strike up that's not
any other sound by the way that isn't me
slapping one leg like that that's not
keep digging a hole for myself let's see
if we could do anything with this team
yeah I think that's the team it's like a
nice BBVA squad with a light little bit
of a Bundesliga just sneaking in you're
always very agreement on if we need to
like it is that fair as well really
collection of straws guys we have to
face a 90 rate squads but 92 Kem I got
better game than that teammate better
though oh no there's already like what
is wrong with this game called please
please please can I not have like okay
the lag is apparently wasn't helping him
much because he's now gonna charge good
double team on him not in that way to
stop your dirty-minded BHEL BHEL BHEL
strike a bail breath please can I have a
free-kick if you dare give him a free
kick for that but a good that's why I
thought it's better freakin be mine you
know what I'm sorry you know however you
say his name we're just gonna dig that
over the wall you jump so early and yes
not any estany ask the police I'll do
this to me come on dusty you're dusting
yes I don't like to see you because
you're dusty ah he's gone Freddie's got
for it yet what you do make up no no no
no no no no how would the deflection
videostar get rid Gary Gary good I'll
know the legs back the legs back and
Neymar dip two of them alright you know
what Tina sees are much less coming on
oh you dusty mall fucker yeah you had a
lot at easy sweat I don't know if I
respect you because I don't know if you
did it on purpose here we go we finally
have a low chance that is on the 45th
minute what yeah you thought I was gonna
turn back but I'm not I'm gonna cross
the traitors dokey because that's what I
do I just cross the goalkeepers I don't
had a shot on target this is awful
believe I don't know what I need to do
or why I'm doing differently to normal
but I just can't play like I would
normally do you have to win that you'll
get Iniesta he's so dusty what am I
doing with my life
what the Frick am i doing why am I not
just shooting Oh
oh oh oh no no no no there was lag
honestly I don't know why you'll believe
me and I don't know if you are believing
me but trust me there was some lag there
more rich more George more dabba pow pow
screw it just whip a ball in with eight
little eight feet and then turn out turn
out Traxler trace up ref ref no no no no
I want my out my pen or free-kick or
whatever it is wait how is that nothing
how is nothing coming from this come on
faster faster took a touch nobody I know
I'm out I'm out I'm out I should have
finessed it should night that was it 90
a second minute and I have a one-on-one
like that and I miss so it is all time I
told you guys I'm not destined to win
this game you know what screw it we're
gonna go with Rodriguez playing as a cam
and Griezmann could come on as a right
mid there we go there we go there we go
up a me and do not miss two in a row do
not miss I'll allow that one I'll allow
a block but a miss is a different story
than a one go for this but is there one
rich yeah Maude rich Maude rich moderate
there that's why I went for it
Oh Thank You Luka Oh No how was he put
the shot how's your shot Smitten Kitten
oh let's go I said hold our fast here we
go here we go I'm gonna take a touch-up
name off I'm black wait wait for us get
us finish how how is he not letting
these in half time just hold on now come
on please don't let him score a corner
not a corner not a corner oh here we go
here we go Oh make as a mistake as a
mistake wait I'll fluff it absolutely I
can't I don't know what to do when his
keeper comes up you know what bang up
all in open go there it is - Neal game
over we're going into the second round
guys as I said one went down three more
to go
okay he's got five of the back silver
goalkeeper this isn't gonna go well I
don't think Gareth Bale he's already
through oh no I first I've lost it
alright I'll take a corn I'll take a
corner
with a ball in and but you stop blocking
my headers I'm gonna go a bit closer
there it is
there's the ball like breath breath we
got the bed Oh
Neymar Neymar Neymar Neymar Neymar
please I'd fluff them absolutely fluff
it yes I'm one of them bricks today what
how do people score these goals against
me I never score them although I don't
shoot from this kind of decision there
you go there you go Gareth Bale go fell
bang you I don't understand you can
score facing other way and that's
halftime one oh please let me get to the
semi-finals one okay it's kind of what
kind of work kind of work kind of what
you know what it's actually what's
better than I thought hey I am this
close to going super saiyan you know
here we go here we go here we go and
bang bang bang someone buying buy bang
the automatic bank lemon right back ah
come on now you guys understand my pain
here time bang you know he knows Tony
back way costal bit the girls rub it
down just the Bobby I just oh my god how
long did that take the calm and I hit my
funny bone this is what we needed this
is what we actually needed
Draxler to whip a ball into bay all two
three one another one I'm thinking
anymore life I can just stop him for a
little bit than it's a guaranteed win
stop this attack and it might be it
might be a win but the attack look I
just said stop the attack on me might
win and now he scored what would I do
guys we have six minutes left
this is officially his last chance he is
the 88th minute if I can just get rid of
it why am I saying
okay get out now we're gonna wing it up
nicely slow actually I'll say we're
gonna play slow but we've begun just for
two I really care mate you can score if
you want go for it yeah nice shot good
effort there we go there it is two wins
out of two we're going into the
semi-final it's only getting better was
this team gonna be okay ninety rated
again and he's guys playing five in
midfield I'd like to think that means I
can defend him but he has a renowned
obey all messy and greens of an
attacking me go well here we go he could
get another chance get another chance
early bow and oh Bale was there here we
go mode rich much much more George
here's the sickest player I have I know
he's missed a couple babies sick okay
this is where we need to pass it about
this flow needs and earns place where we
play this is where play by O'Neill post
and he scored to Neal we're going into
the final boy than I can moderate Maude
rich ah what the hell team the season
Maude rich we're going to do here mate
beginner you know Oh
little bit different something a little
bit different and it almost worked this
is where we need to go this is why we
need to go now this is where this is
where we need to finish we need to be
clinical guys come on if when you get
one more go he might quit thank go this
we know less if he does quit don't know
what's gonna have a second half but I
hope it goes exactly like this fail fail
you know what you're a footed yup holes
come on bail come on bail just finish
the game near post I should have
probably passed it oh dear Messi Messi
don't be a little spindly one but Oh
weights going on please just quit we've
got 15 minutes left just just make it
easier to me leave
yeah I mean he is gone very attacking
he's gonna have to pass it's gonna have
to pass it some point today this three
one is and it's the 90s but not every
kid there it is there is the full time
which means where is it a final one more
win and the final team we have to play
I'm expecting a good'n why it's got five
hundred filled again if you're still
watching by the way let me know in the
comments what you want me to do for
another draft like if you want me to use
a certain team a certain player whatever
let me know because I'm more happy to
carry on playing the draft and
everything but I feel like watching the
BBVA squad every time is a little bit
you know is it's a bit repetitive hello
ello a Bama yang about me oh one more
one more one more one more
there we go one nail done two new it
took two meal two minutes in said I
wanted to go the same as the last one
let's just hope that I can carry on and
get two more goals I know which side I
have to attack now know what name are
you got a lot of time and space
oh my god oh my god you had it Oh wrath
come on right that's a foul in it I
think your honor I think you're actually
on I think I think you're on are you
want but you want please score so no he
was on I said I want to beat three nail
up my halftime in the final no do not
land me some right place right there and
he just passed that across he was
completely this is literally his final
chance of the half that's it no no there
it is it's 40 freakin fifth minute and
no it's 2-1 he could pull this back half
time I'm with mr. winning that's what
counts for winning but it's very close
here we go this is it this is it this is
it this is it my man
finesse if he gets cooked if I can score
one more if I can school 1 I feel like
it's over bail bail bail bail here we go
here we go a Bobby I finish house off
Mandanda
everyone I play has the best goalkeepers
ever I'm not gonna be outside yeah I'm I
think I loved it
hit it just just phaona Panna yang I
think I accidentally loved the bombing
shot stop him
stop stop give it get rid nice I don't
care if the keyboards going for that win
it
no we can we can still get rid of this
listen have to turn in its gonna turn it
no it's not it's good what why is this
happening out it's the 84th minute in
the final and I'm winning 3-1 I swear to
God connection got lost connection got
lost connection got lost surely that's
it surely with one get me the win this
one and what do we get what do we get we
get premium gold pack a rare girl is
that good its players and consumables
it's not good first pack here we go we
won by the way guys and they'll take it
away because you know Dempsey why can't
you give us packs are worth it like I
don't win the draft much and I don't
want to get to boo she was my best play
as I said guys there's anything you want
to see me do on FIFA let me know that is
all for today thank you guys for
watching see it so if you don't know how
cool are penalties works basically the
goal is split into five sections the
middle top left top right bottom left
bottom right we have to say to the
camera where we're going if we don't get
it in that target it doesn't matter if
we score doesn't count when this goes
the most out of five wins it's like a
normal pet issue I accept you have to
hit those zones 1 2 3 1 2 3 choke you go
first
