back to Division one how could you guys
top comment Alexis Sanchez you know what
that means we have to get rid of the boy
you're trying was only a matter of time
Gradle but trust me he will be back so
potentially the biggest buy we've done
this entire series is alack alack see
okay we put him now it's too late
luckily we sold all of these players
last time that we got after the draft we
are down to about 4000 coins and
division one of them going to well we
have five games remaining and we need to
win three of them or win two and water
so we are starting with the French team
we need a win today guys I don't know
what to do if I get relegated oh god
we're playing against Ross victim land
his team is rights a good ppl team
please I don't want to be one of Rahl's
victims George best God God God but play
war Fred how is that not foul oh no no
no no no why is that happened was that
we like a minute in well it could have
been worse okay doesn't count as
anything used up another bloody contract
try this again what you can have for me
okay as a blue rest of the team isn't
that good for those saying that I think
these players are all beast players as
in players they're cheap but overpowered
well with all the empty seats look at
that alright here we go guys I was bored
on ball early alright Plus back nice
plus it one more one more
and then back ref and then shoot i press
to play man shoot house off
and then shoot Oh fie how I'm not gonna
win this game there you go there you go
bang oh my god I just did the post again
come on George please you know what oh
my god
Hahnemann good freaking shot oh no oh no
first you go crazy you definitely been
blazing come on please can I just get a
goal before half-time
I like my crossing honestly how do you
make it go back close oh no oh no oh no
oh dear in me okay that's karma karma
I've hit the post twice you wouldn't hit
it one more please this time please hit
it that's okay you also put up a good
saving man that's my turn you don't
allowed to score yet mate he doesn't
know what I'm doing it yeah actually
just in the house of the fete what it is
all what I really don't know what to do
right now I can't
I've got like okay wait this I see the
last minute come on if I can pop all in
now look the loss must go did he keep
that to my face and my chances at the
start and now it's over there it is
halftime nil nil fuckin just still a
last minute goal I will be ecstatic I
mean it's pretty close I don't really
know if I deserve to be winning don't
really care the only thing that actually
matters is the final score that was a
foul I swear no hug come on please he's
excited nice charge charge buzzes what
is that for a pass honestly I don't
really know what I can do here come for
George George this is where we need a
moment of George George buzz magic I
fight with a purpose the mother scored I
mean I don't really know what I can do
right now obviously kept what is that
coma what what is that
there's no one
that's one whip up all in and it's
straight to the goalkeeper again don't
tell me he's on time do not tell me he's
outside and he's Depp oh okay guys you
may have figured out that I've been
pretty damn lucky this game to even be
still in this waste you're turning the
wrong way George please please come on
please can I just get a nice little
attack now come on pop it up and put it
in and watch for more and thereby ah we
got a corner in the 87th minute where I
do just don't give it to the dogs
between that's not some last obstacle
bar okay we could take another one
surely that's not come on the keepers
coming out you're just coming out again
oh oh wait wait where were we tackle him
what's you doin son oh my god
Louise with the big save of the entire
game is in the last second we've drawn I
think you know what I'm actually going
to taken off that save so even I think a
draw is probably fair that isn't good
because now we need two wins and a draw
in four games guys I think we're gonna
get really good well that's unless the
BPL team can do anything about it leaves
I'm a terrible team please an average
team but it doesn't mean anything I here
we go okay oh and shoot why is every
keeper amazing I mean we are playing
some fast attacking football and Georgie
scored this time okay we may have a
chance to get this lady duck dives done
dip dive duck we way that's no in there
the game ain't over until the fat lady
sings
make the fat lady sing come on come on
no no okay it's without nipples one get
a pen ref you see a bull over oh no oh
no oh no make a tackle
oh I think I tipped onto the post I just
in another goal to just completely lock
the game off he keeps getting booed this
overtime to text me that you put him off
though thank you whoever that was and
then he gets a chance like this and then
yeah I fluff that and he's
come on Simon you know where I'm going
you know where I'm going straight to
keeper gone with it
head it across and then George I'm
scrubbing shoot right where we going
where do we go from here we pass up we
pass in and then you're through
and then you near post you don't score
the freaking 45th minute and you go to
failure back ooh bigger touch better
tight there it is
and the bully took a deflection is there
to nil I'll take anything right now
this is Alexis enter the date and right
now is going well don't then get an
early going this heart and you could be
good
George what do you do okay you actually
done very very well but now there's too
many of them
there's so many people I can get the
ball run big touch and then such as such
wait wait wait I didn't mean okay I kind
of did ish mean to hit that go
straightaway go on come on who's this
this is Dom Ian Darke Dom you know what
you've done very very well
taka that's oh come on uh so uh so uh so
uh so penalty penalty thank you what so
George best to win the game he's gone
top left and he has wonder game
sanchez the new boy the new boy come on
big touch there it is there's the big
touch there's the explosion of pace and
there's the big touch inside and such as
wait okay okay oh what a sight more than
now my left back is to some reason over
here season at the far post
I'd such as schools somehow on this baby
know what the cleat sheep are for
wonders and four minutes left and now
that you mug me off in front of my
powers I'm like what the that was
disgusting exactly go read for it blow
your whistle ref thank you we've won it
we have this one's closer to safety of
division 100k so we need one win and one
drawer to stay in the division or two
wins mere three games left this is gonna
be tough let me know who you want me to
buy on what you want me to do I have
about 6,000 coins that's all today thank
you guys for watching and see you paint
look look look I don't have Rose you're
not starting ham sick I didn't see his
name anywhere she ain't he no he's just
the teammate he's resting
you're cheating he also changed his name
real quick oh no oh wait we love this
place here Mike hang on mate
hang on no no no get rid right England
England
this is this is just like England
sweeper I'm sick on the free kick
