ok ladies and gentlemen it is black we
are doing a FIFA series I've made a mess
already
not in my pants anyway this is the new
FIFA series ultimate team here we got a
cake so yeah
download it give me this give me this
clip come on come on come on
boom look at this ok let's just clear up
one thing quickly we want to choose a
starter pack now imma just go for
England it's just the easier one to go
forth it the new series begins who's art
who's gonna be our main man Joe yoga
period I'll take it not too shabby quite
a lot of English players ok now we get
our high rated alone player I'm gonna
have to go with the hail alright now
this is an important part so the home
kit we're gonna go for that you guys can
change this still I don't like this
long-sleeve they're all long-sleeve you
know well that's a pretty name kid let's
go for that don't even know what team
that is and we need : obviously you guys
can't change these are badge
we're gonna go for something we're gonna
have now let's have something weird
let's go for that old Sam you guys can
change all this stuff foam that's our
stuff done ok so here is how the series
is gonna work this is our team we have
some crazy-looking manager he looks cool
the lastly series we have made have been
based around one player now I am gonna
be doing that again and that player is
none other than rude hulless I'm a
condom who's winning funny now you're
probably wondering why the 86 versions
so the way this series is gonna work is
it's gonna progress throughout the
divisions division 10 to division 7
we're gonna be using the 86 rated
divisions 7 to division like 4 we're
gonna be using the 90 rated version and
if we make it past that then hopefully
we'll be able to use the 93 version
there isn't any on the market right now
so we don't know whether we'll be able
to enough now that is not all that is
going to happen normally in the store
there are the bronze packs bronze
premium there aren't those bronze
players there are silver packs silver
premium and gold and gold premium at the
start of each episode I will be doing a
real-life football challenge for example
crossbar challenge I will have ten
attempts at each one that challenge will
dictate how many packs I gets open
before each game
each episode one two games so say first
episode I do crossbar challenge 10
attempts I hit four for the first game
will open for bronze normal packs sound
for the second game will open by the
four
the region 10 will be Bruns facts
division 9 bronze premium division 8
silver division 7 premium silver
division 6 gold and division 5 onwards
will be gold premium so obviously to
start with the team is gonna take a long
time to upgrade now how am I gonna get
Hollett and that is why I'm doing this
video right now I'm explaining this
series so I don't have to when it comes
out also I need to get the whole it in
the first place he's 1 million coins so
I thought why not do a pack opening to
show you guys the players like yet if I
get any icons informs anything like that
I will keep them and you guys in the
comments can let me know what to do with
them cuz I need to sell them
realistically but you know I need to get
this whole it but I also don't want to
sell them because you guys may want me
to use them if I get like another icon
we are opening all of these there we
have these packs and we also have the
promo packs they're coming out it's
Black Friday so you know they'll be a
lot pack opening begins now here we go
this is gonna be a long and strenuous
journey this is gonna be long we've got
some all players Pat Mike no you know
what we're just gonna quick sell
everything and I'm just gonna show you
guys the good things that I guess so
from now on there won't be any packs
that are bad ok so I'm only gonna be
showing billboard players and basically
I need to get to like 1.3 million coins
wolf billboards come on no lie him wears
or so him yeah we'll just sell him that
would get all coins up quicker sure
Michael give me something that's just
gonna get me a milk oint owes that much
dies it's my dad two kids actually no
lemon doll skis now my dad if anyone
knows levin dosti who watches my videos
tell him I want to do a video with him
oh that was a quick billboards Oh inform
oh I was I didn't know I don't even know
who's in team of the week so you know
what K you guys have 40k you know what
guys I might I might put him up for 40k
no I said informs I'd keep so you no no
no I've get rid okay turn the rope
Turner oh come on why did they make it
83 and they're made a billboard 84
Erickson's Nazi about 84 85
okay I didn't think he was that I didn't
think it was that highly reared okay we
got walkout but before I carry on
opening any pack so you guys need to let
me know what kit we're gonna get because
I'm gonna end up buying a kit that has
hood on the back with that kit when
choosing my kit by the way make sure it
is a kit that I can actually get these
do not give me a kit that I can't get
otherwise I can't use it then you gotta
let me know what formation to use as
well because I've got these players here
but like we don't have any right
midfielder so left fielders that they're
English so it's gonna be quite hard to
use that I mean we could use this
formation that I've got here and then
play hurl it there that would be pretty
good talk to you guys let me know
anyways back to packs I bored of opening
these plates okay we got another walkout
for a tea again I mean I'll take you
right now we talking lightning rounds
50k packs come on as a big flash big
flash Swiss summer get lost winter right
now I don't want no summer oh okay
inform come on really we get the same
one I other thing is I don't want to
miss if I do get something sick so I
don't really want to skip Spanish right
back how about you know you can get
straight on the transfer list as well I
mean I have to open these again tomorrow
because I don't think I can get to 1.3
million tonight because firstly my card
doesn't work anymore because EA just
don't want me to buy anymore you means
something good Belgian let me know what
guys I'm just gonna open these packs I'm
just hoping the 25 capex and then I
might just open the 15k packs until I
get someone I wasn't even thinking that
was Ronaldo okay
we'll take another 65 K I'll take that
Ericson again 1/3 walkout same one we're
definitely get in there don't toy me
like that don't give me bringing me
Argentina don't give me Portugal don't
give me those those flags and then not
give me Ronaldo or Messi okay actually
probably goes quite a bit that one wants
it are you serious a use are you broken
that's not even the same one Hilton who
are you why are you playing why are you
here only one there's only one big flare
and it's Spanish goalkeeper
why just give me a daheia FIFO just make
this easier for me Griezmann ah Camaro
really not making it easy for me really
making me spend a woman right so we've
sold all of these I'm gonna get rid of
them now and then we have all of this
left to sell and based on what I've
added up this should be well over 200k
like I'm thinking like maybe stretching
to 250 depending on how much everything
goes for yeah I'll be bad transition
anyway some day - this is where I
hopefully will reach 1.3 million coins
to get there are 550 thousand coin packs
so maxed out my card again guys oh okay
no actually morning I'll take it how
many times am I gonna get marquinhos
I took one hits a walk out okay not one
of the best walk out elf eBook
come on you're not making this easy I'm
not even keeping these players I just
want to get a sick player because then
it's easy done now we're back to these
84 raids
oh we get a draft token okay well that
actually may be used in the series in
form we get it in four please
eighty-seven okay okay we may have a
little bit business going on here let's
have a quick little look at this 6d k 6d
k 84 83 yeah that's it you let me down
it oh wait walk out no no walk out just
firework why there's so many Portuguese
players charisma so many Portuguese
players that aren't Ronaldo why can't
they just be one no you're not a delight
you're the last thing I want it's the
light oh God oh my god how are you gonna
get the light that closely must be one
of the highest rated centre forwards
because there aren't a name we've got so
many informs that none of them have been
good
actually no card he was good Bacardi was
it good info all right all the big boys
have gone which means we have 1.1
million I'm out of coins or I'm at
points actually so I shouldn't say that
ninety rated rude Hurley three point six
mill on route her--let eighty-six rated
1.4 1.3 1 put it's about one point three
eight I can get in for some only 200k
off I mean if karate sells marnai sells
that's already 50k I might need to add
like an h2 12 K P four points
boys it's done we've sold absolutely
everything we have all of this is gone
we have one point four million coins
team can finally be created and the
series can start so
but player on the transfer market
whatever Sina making a cam as well so I
need to buy one of these firstly okay
that's 850 sure 7 3 or 400 this is the
moment
86 rated bullets her lip welcome to the
squad let's start the series boys and
girls ok we also got this by a player so
I guess I guess I have a cm to
composition modifier so we can use that
but I'm gonna wait and see what you guys
say cuz you guys might want into place
sentiment but you might say oh yeah play
it like this instead I know I'll wait
and see how you guys want the formation
and everything what kit to get as well
but realistically I feel like the team
should be like this make him into a cam
and he stays there but it's all up to
you guys now we have Ruud Gullit he's
had four owners plate 36k okay make a
mental note of this people at the start
of this series if you're gonna be
watching this the whole time I want you
to make a note of those okay Michael
anyways that is this series begun rude
her lip welcome to the squad I need to
get rid of these 27k coins so we're just
gonna open a couple packs we have to
start with 0 of em but well as near to 0
least we can get we have her lit like we
had hunter obviously he's a bit better
ok boys a hundred and forty coins as low
as we can get the squad is made you guys
need to let me know if that team is the
team were playing with what kit we're
gonna use where you want me to play
Holly and how you think this series is
gonna go basically because yeah as I
said I'm gonna be doing a real life
football challenge at the start of next
episode that determines how many bronze
packs I get oh hopefully it'll be 10 so
that's it for today hopefully you guys
are excited for this is if you wanna
make sure you leave a like so that I
know how often to do this series if it
gets a lot of likes obviously I'm gonna
be doing it a lot more yeah thank you
guys for watching I'm excited
ain't funny so I practiced us they I'm
playing a P my knee my knee my knee I
said I've got to eat Barney that's why I
practiced us they on playing a
pre-mining
