what's up guys and welcome to another
England school predictor today I am
playing against Slovakia and the closest
thing I can get to the Slovakian is JJ
Slovenia well I actually met you as the
closest thing I get to Slovakian but
also yes lavake I aren't in FIFA so
we've gone for Slovenia instead so
please stop commenting that you're
playing with the wrong team okay I think
they're gonna call in that yeah it's
already it's too late yeah so we're
gonna be playing this game I've played
Manny already when he was Russia and we
drew which was right I played Harry when
he was Wales and I lost but England
somehow won now we're playing against
Slovenia in the game which is actually
some back in real life and if we win
we'll win in real life as JJ if if you
don't let me beat you will be painting
just saying Oh Oh sick just say thanks
all right here we go England V Slovakia
okay it's just I you just gonna put a
little back in yeah so many yeah ham
stick is so good you're so lucky to have
him
yeah ham sit Oh starting strolling as he
uh yeah
this one has three chains look I don't
have roads you're not starting ham sick
I didn't see his name anywhere CIT
nyesha's the teammate he's resting
you're cheating he also changed his name
real quick oh no oh wait we want bit of
space here mate hang on mate
hang on no no no get rid right England
England
this is this is just like England
sweeper I'm sick on the free kick what
oh I have second skirt or a sly one
there Oh God says haha no we're doing
the right slovenia slovakia I'm still
back you see I don't even have body in
my squad so I can't even bring him on Oh
a shame I know I've got Kane on Oh God
worse using Slovakia instead of Slovenia
got Wayne here we go spread the plate
spread the players beautiful and then
later babes I mean Danny Rose that's why
I need Danny Rose I'm pretty sure please
a bit of weight to be rose
let you off the park kill me oh okay you
ready we're gonna do we're gonna do mate
early shot really Shawn target meet Sean
target here we go this is why sterling
should play hi are these doing backwards
okay these hand oak red oak box outside
oh yeah yes to celebrate England school
you know oh no oh no no no good it sure
oh my oh fuck oh yeah totally
Thomas are leavin all my totally go kick
oh my God look at that toe touching hey
garlic on swagger looks like you can
shit no you mean yay oh yeah he's Bobby
he's balding a light top them lower play
slower foot slow a play hurry Jane sir
alright hold it oh wait mallanna
mallanna mallanna no wow those hens a
double play my backside old what what
literally I think you're getting your
races no no no no no I'm not that don't
try to turn this racist Oh big tackle oh
oh
it's gonna bang it in from about 40
yards and allows the loose aunty
clamoring whoa whoa come on man I wasn't
that far dominating your possession and
shots on target sir yep that sounds like
England yeah why are we in Wembley
Stadium as well this is also this is
France what this is France
no this is Wembley Stadium tonight it's
France and you don't know cannot tell
you'll see all the baguettes oh my god
ah I got the wrong guy what you because
you're out Paisley no I said it's light
rail challenge oh great
don't even appeal oh oh look at oh my
god Oh burn bag is from ham sick tales
of them nightmare came as having a
nightmare
Kate Kate Ville I said Kate milk okay
not there no great challenge real shit
come on come on cousin oh are you gonna
turn out yeah no I read that all right
why would you be outside fighting the
pressure on us I'm doing its tactical
tactical look cuz now you're not going
to score that see Joe hearts and goal
don't Joe heart doesn't make mistakes
shit
what what do you laugh it up no just
some of your comments just humorous come
on such a funny youtuber oh my god does
it go ah come on slipper said it right
thank you you're are you're supporting
an English draw uh no yeah you're
actually real I'm changing but yeah your
team is actually where it is so white
car walkers looking a bit different it
looks a lot more like understand then
back out oh I even said it
thank you
oh oh stop stop these noises what are
you doing okay oh hi we have 15 minutes
left come on England JJ why don't you
like England I do I just want to fucking
wait front stalling run all right mum
what you're just you are a disgraceful
human being
oh my god come back to our side
oh no I on a real England or wank on
this game go cross what if why strangle
people why God oh go on come on I like
in the place always smiling Thank You
Polly great holy Teddy sorry
gorgeous oh my god we gonna racially
da-da-da-da-da
Hey goodbye England
you got P by Slovakia leather
well uh I mean as an England button
let's hope this doesn't actually happen
so I really hope it doesn't happen let's
hope that my prediction isn't right that
I'm gonna actually train with England
for the next fact if we make it through
anyways basil for today thank you James
coming on if you don't know Jake is
somehow you check them out in the
description thank you guys watching and
see oh
over here who's that I think that's the
last sign man minds well it's in my room
oh that's him we ate into it like oh
yeah oh wow I think I don't know where's
don't waste time eagle-eyed didn't
complete a dance move it was just like
but he is the fact that he didn't even
sing out loud
