yo guys what's going on and welcome to
cool out penalties I'm here today with
one of the YouTube all-stars George in
my book as well I had to up what you
were gonna go and I was going to but
mine hasn't been washed so this is on
here I did put it on this morning and
then I realized how bad I smell so if
you don't know how cool up penalties
works basically the goal is flames do
five sections the middle top left top
right bottom left bottom right we have
to say to the camera where we're going
if we don't get it in that target it
doesn't matter if we score doesn't count
but if it scores the most out of five
wins it's like a normal pet issue out
except you have to hit those zones one
two three one two three choke you go
first okay
oh no no that's why we put you on the
All Star sleep all day during a just
saying this is the match bullet he
scored from the halfway along with so
there's obviously going to be some sort
of thing going on here I'm gonna go oh
right feel absolutely dreadful about is
not hey Chris then be boots take lessons
I'm good this is already the walk of
shame you know back to the cameras tell
them where I'm going ok I'm going for
the spectacular bomb right this pen
thank goodness it's a sigh of relief to
not put it into the tennis court get
this one out the way I'm going out
you foot through it oh stop that
that is messy very messy up for an out
oh but thanks working our way from right
to left
straight down the moon mm-hmm no George
you know I mean unless you're
considering going the whole way around
discounting wouldn't really consider
left right middle as go from right to
left
oh no no it's good you couldn't get any
more central we've actually got the ball
that tennis cause look yeah I need to I
need to regenerate the batteries you
know fireman's gonna go and get the ball
I'm gonna go for I'm going cocky motor
so I'm going
let's not talk now to be fair she's
better than all the penalties I've taken
and it still doesn't count for you okay
I'm going to try and keep myself at
least in the game Oh
still in the game right only the bottom
corners to go we're gonna go with full
food come on Kane please remember who
drove you there yeah hero that's why you
bring your friends from home who are
actually relatively good in gold Thank
You pain JJ go we needed oh look at this
look at this guy right there's only one
place to go top right he knows everyone
knows I just try knock you up whoa just
yep see how they clean is strike of my
life right this to win and I have to go
right there
Kane don't sit down I apologize if I
hurt him face ah that's ball I think
you've actually made a mark on the
goalposts good pen no very good pen okay
as cool out penalties can't settle who's
better at penalties we're just gonna go
back to normal very sudden death cool
okay so it's your girl first I have to
say a place just after score very
sellable to Rex anartha way of it okay
okay what's up that was it I honestly
don't know I honestly I don't know this
here
that's it he's done all I have to do is
score one goal and I win I know you know
what I'm still gonna say where I'm doing
Oh dad either
I like I'm gonna go top now do the right
thing Kane
burning
by the buttocks and back is very good
wait for the video right so that is all
for the cool out penalties we're also
going to do some videos on George's
channel which you can check out in the
description some way over there came the
goalie ourselves channels I you can
check out in the description the yeah
thank you for doing that man thank you
very much well good I will see you in
the next video and one with a revoked
thank you guys for watching so it's in
my room
I let him we ate into it like oh yeah oh
wow I don't know where's don't waste
time eagle-eyed didn't complete a dance
move it was just like but he is the fact
that he didn't even sing out loud
he literally Victor said the word
promiscuous and he just oh anything ever
happen I didn't regret
