previously we have nine tier 1895
chemistry please be on side I'm on
to nil so long farewell we've done it we
run it we run the second round we are in
to the semi-final next episode that's
right we won two out of our two games in
the draw now if we can win another two
we get some good Pat we don't get good
packs but we get some packs and
hopefully we can get some players out of
those if not we can quit sell them or
sell them and get some coins I already
have 14,000 coins so you guys need to
let me know who to buy top corner will
be the one I choose
and now we'll go straight back into the
draft let's have a quick reminder of the
team boom it's actually incredible to
see I mean if we really need to we can
always bring on Hulka better where we
would bring him on but the team is good
if I do lose this though we are heading
back into Division one but win them
today's episode is the draft let's see
what he has is called no forking chance
oh my it's right keeper doesn't have
chemistry which is good
come on Simon we got it ow ow I saw in
the movie once I thought it would help
here we go let's see come on come on
just win this game easily and then we
get into the final window walk out walk
it out walk it out let me pick it up Oh
what about that wasn't even met there oh
no my control is dead no no controller
why why is this happening he's miscues
with I need to go no no no no no no I
learned my lesson this time I actually
have control as charged here we go come
on come on we actually we're back in
this he's had a chance but we're back
cry come on let's get some nice passing
movement right in the middle here we go
here we go oh Suarez core slice hold
them off hold them off
lemon and then turn in what is that what
are you doing this is it this is it bad
no I will keep with we could push us
from
pass it one more one more one more one
more alright and then you know what for
this that was all for just come on Oh No
good save come on let's go we need a
goal this is what we
this is exactly what we need bang there
we go there we go
Neymar wipe him I just wanted to pass
the Suarez I need to stop trying to be
swayed by Bob we just can't get that
final bull through our best chance to be
honest is literally just before
half-time I think right not right yet
not right now but Oh
Neymar I actually feel like I could use
a George vest right about now just - I
swear you used to stand there come on
see this is it for a minute you see that
you see how I should have got that
chance there get rid you see I mean boy
50 minute he's a witness he's a sight ah
thank God and that's halftime nothing to
settle the two teams right now I mean I
can t muster deserve to be winning
hopefully I will be after this come on
let's go second half is underway he's
used all three pauses against me I don't
know what he's doing right now he's
brought on Messi I think it was worth
the god Suarez that ago mate
bang whoa I think it was actually not
further away than I think stop crossing
it he's gonna score one of these and I
know he is no no no I don't mean to do
that I keep spamming it seeing you by
post senior Baba's fronting good if it
was it was a challenge DeMaria VP came
for Pacey you mad you mad how is there
even a battle Oh easy Kong I don't now
I'm gonna score this bang bang oh come
on here we go
early born early bull Aleppo y-yeah
Suarez let's do a tiny bit further away
from the goalkeeper and that's a goal is
keeps which anything me
finesse it you never this is it was the
last chance who's who's gonna get it
who's gonna get the last chance he is
he's getting the last chance look let it
once into Boise or is he yes he is he is
because know it once it wants to give it
to me it wants to give me the last
chance this is that christening No
ah why didn't I take a touch first we go
into extra time he's had a couple more
shots if I'm being completely honest I
think you deserve to be with him and
he's just done all this subs and Sydney
and mascherano I haven't done any subs
and I don't know why here we go here we
go we go here we go and then turn in
wait no wait positive wait there's a bad
bad part is it gone so far across our
nose sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar
honey ice tea he just passed it that was
a go go go go go go oh please just get
rid of this please just get rid of this
you come out you have to get that change
you're coming out for it she's nice play
come on I've seen you at the back post
senior the bubbles bah-bah finish you
just bought you went off what is going
on something bad is happening come on
come on ref ref ref ref something please
how is he getting out of that honestly
can't believe I'm not winning this game
I don't know why I hit that so hard into
the crossbar I think I was annoyed
because I didn't think it was gonna
reach my player right let's try ho
Kanpur DeMaria
let's just see if that can work I hope
Hulk's in there but I see I see Pepe
Pepe is pretty big Guam's just that
that's too far in it too far thanks for
rubbing it in EA please Pepe please can
you score that no it's change playoff
again for another long ball in we have
completely lost all composure but it's
kind of corner it is a corner and we see
Pepe again it has a good trip but he's
got an open header to slow this it
actually goes all the way to penalties
right for you serious oh my god he
actually got a red you got a red with a
douse it at least he can take a penalty
we're actually going to penalties with
this I'm so glad at penalties and you
guys know it please please please please
my Sharona is taking first to him and he
goes down the middle more noises there
we go there's a nice pen away from the
sub Hulk lien
MSC Suarez that's all that's a risky pen
that's a great pen hi I'm gonna save
this one ready it's gonna be slightly to
the right just here left Guerro top left
boy okay I don't know Oh Neymar have you
just it for me no yeah then come
on I need to save one right if this is
this is something definitely now and
we're gonna go just hear all this skits
it's sudden deaths you have to score you
have so many eyes on you this gets a
little bit of lag on it but oh I went
the right way
come on please can I save this right
he's gonna go that's awesome top left we
saved it okay come on if we can score
this we win I feel the heartbeat ah
matter weenie saved it ah we're down to
PK now come on please please eyes go
down the middle you little prick and now
Felipe Louise what right that's a solid
pen bars a glee the centre back surely
the scene oh he's powered that yes check
Sergio Ramos to go into the final to go
into the fire we got top right to the
final celebrate lads we're into the
final celebrate one more win come on
guys we've only had one opportunity of
this and it's gone pretty freakin well
even if we lose I think the packs are
still better than actually winning the
whole thing and the final is under way
worse not we look at all my god that
team is incredible I mean is left back
and center back is again the chemistry
for the keepers bad but Matt there is no
way that I am not letting a goal in
today and here's his first goal already
great say Brett okay hey Chris hey come
on don't give a been do not get I was
Clark's house very very
I don't know what to do I don't know
what to do gone wait turn up Oh
die said his keep her out real quick
real quick oh he's okay
the tack is just too good wow wow wow
wow he breeds the game pretty damn well
as well and I'd like to think I do like
I knew everyone everyone knew it's good
to back we brought Bobby a pen here we
go here we go you know what we actually
might have to resort to a couple crosses
but why have I not learned I can't crush
it good morning out Oh
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my he's
actually this guy is actually really
really good and here's his second go
he's actually sweated it twice across me
I've lost this game guys he's too good I
wish I had some good news here but we've
really just don't he is very very good I
can't I can't say anything else get rid
of this please come on don't let it be
embarrassing
Oh win that okay there's half time to
kneel down and I don't deserve a goal in
any shape or form I haven't had a shot
yet he has just destroyed me I can't I
can't literally cause anything and now
he's just run through my entire team and
got another girl gone Suarez whip it
over the wall over the wall and help us
have a lot more faith in my freak
ability grunt even real whip it in he's
running in back okay whip across in ad
come on for this
someone please school I at least
whatever okay no mind tells about say at
least whatever happens it's not gonna be
as embarrassing
wow wow wow wow what is going on
honestly he has so many players forward
and back I don't know how he's doing
this but he's done something here he's
got some mad you're gonna have cake
really
you're still he's really still trying to
sway he's five nearly if I got all the
way to the final one then just get shot
early ball come on slow it back in what
does that's what I mean that's that's
what I mean come on coming please get
one one goal one goal and then pop in
and I'll okay yep cool I'm just happy
that I managed to hold on to five mil
why am i speaking so early what was
wrong with me yeah six nil see how does
he do that having lost six neon fever
and so long you know what guys I pulled
the stats back he wasn't so embarrassing
by the end and I did say the prizes are
better for losing in the final than they
are for winning the final so I mean
we'll take you anyway there's not much
else to do so we'll take these free
packs this is the end of the draft for
this ultimate team on the bar so we get
our we get C Riku but our most of it
ceiling game and this is the pack
please gonna get something good a BB o
or French player or just something I can
sell some Sam ERISA but we now do have
at least 20 K so you guys need to let me
know who to buy with that 20k top going
would I choose thank you guys watching
and see what's up guys and welcome to
another England score predictor this
time I am against the one and only blow
to shore hello how are you I'm good how
are you
I'm terrible I've got Wales Wales
there's pretty much a silver team but it
allows about say so England's next game
which is tonight is England D Wales I'm
gonna be England Harry has got the short
straw here's Wales we're going to be
playing a game and
