what's up guys and welcome to another
England school predictor this time I am
against the one and only hello - sure
hello how are you I'm good how are you
I'm terrible I've got Wales Wales
there's pretty much a silver team but it
allows about say so England's next game
which is tonight is England B Wales I'm
gonna be England Harry has got the short
straw here's Wales we're gonna be
playing a game and whatever the score is
in this game is gonna be the score in
the actual game okay now I played Manny
and we eating at the school right but we
did predict at all wait if it goes how I
think is gonna go England's room for a
tree here but I need to let me get in
front figure honesty when I played
against Manny I did not have any of
these players God this team this team no
pressure Simon
long England's hopes rest with me right
now here we go
come on England I also pointed out you
beat me right now you're admitting so
ever on the UK England Oh what I thought
I've realized if I'm sat in the world
and I'm not literally just sat in the
main wales bit so I can't celebrate
England's school I've got a v-plow Wales
fan he's gonna be bad right okay let's
go you ready I'm ready
okay we're on Cara fairly literally all
over all I've got him do everything's
gonna go through Gera Vale oh go on
hey I gotta but don't hate England my
dad hey England gone don't do Lou oh
hello gone gone
come on buddy come on Jamie this is why
we should play you wanna tackle okay but
we shouldn't play come on Jamie this is
why we should play you I'm not Jewish
but night what what's what's going on
Danny Randy you've you've got a face on
wheels yes surely
yes he won in my subs did not work Lucia
should not be playing either body stupid
my mother's a mother today don't got no
pace one good golly Olli just hey no no
Rudy thanks that is an awful shot come
on England
my asshole just clench stop there good
lovely saris garrus garrus
come on left oh my god yes go on
Harry hates England right nah come on
position man you can't parry there is no
winning for you this game no yeah I see
I see that Chris Smalling this big ugly
head in the wake one round each of us
just one oh he's noise not healthy one
poor boy the weapons Joe Allen ever done
that
oh god no oh what a sweet what a save
guys actually I'm real not doing too
well here I apologized England right on
the go wait this could change that you
can change apologizing to my nation over
play today that's for the good one
go Harry yes hurry what about me not you
Harry came oh I can see how that was
confusing yeah it was very confusing I'm
getting it from mini mr. Frohman here
you're good
really you're gonna trip you can do
laundry I'm gonna try what do you lied
if you know is what I got I tried oh
this could be it could be if I can get
that look at that
Oh Jamie body one tell me buddy all
right you know what see the other Baba's
that is all right check this absolute
trash he is a donkey on the girls come
on
how was that stay here I don't know but
we've got another job hurricane whip
score freaky better win it win it win it
okay good
know what Jack the wood does pass it was
aa halftime we're one day down but we've
got this I'm gonna make a couple sub sub
I would make some subs but I believe
there's no one else I can bring on I've
got nothing do your worst Simon do your
worst
ahh why don't I do the worst one will do
my best
you're saying all go on they have a shop
oh you're gonna shoot on you cause I am
from their yards out know what I wasn't
a bad effort I'm about to have some
quality this is possible there's a
couple how is not a thank you I was
about to say I I took Dyer off oh no
this is the exact same position as well
very much Kane is banging this what the
fuck was that
that's are you sure about why just came
take three kids
look at him run where you gonna go from
there huh you know yet what there that
was doesn't madness no odd you know
you've absolutely yeah but my Lucic the
Wales to mill that was a really good run
the little dink over my foot yeah I
don't quite a household are feeling I
told you we're second half team the
second half of the second half ah come
on let's go let's no go no but they are
you swing right I am England Harry do
what England to win on her I guess I do
okay you're on counter it I don't even
know how to put counter-attack on I have
13 minutes to get two goals just to
salvage a draw
England needs a win this game let's go
disco where is your place came cane just
you just got out put up post outpaced by
a guy from Gunter guns is the boy man no
disrespect one of them Davis is the boy
Oh garon kol Garren's are you sir lately
Danny Rose Mayberry's Danny Moses face
that's always good for Danny Rose Sony
good for Payson he didn't have any long
free-kick this is gonna be a goal and
then we have one more charge let's go
fuck bang oh I think that's best of the
sleeve of your 7480 people's bull
blinder make it a little less
embarrassing make it you're a donkey
you're actually a freaking I hate
England I don't hang England that was
very uh nationality I'm nationally like
wait
better put our data better data I don't
really well dump them but that ever guys
um I didn't do too well for England but
know what they say now that means I have
to do I said and have to put a bet on
Ramsey scoring first I put a bet on -
Neil Wales and have to put about Wales
win it yeah that's all for the Wales
England game also if you don't for some
reason know who Harry is you can check
them out in the description thank you
how if you're playing there all right
thank you guys for watching and
seriously
Oh
