what's up guys are welcome to another
draft this one is all to do with the
euros obviously on FIFA right now there
are the international man of the matches
which look a little like this and I'm
going to be doing a draft and if I get
any of these players I have to pick them
and they have to play honestly if I can
win a draft like this but I really
really doubt it unless they fit the team
all right here we go the formation we're
gonna go for this one don't know why
we're just gonna go for it all right
here we go
captain time and we'll take any brothers
why not can I try something a little bit
different here we're gonna go for the
reserves first come on give me some man
of the matches okay that's not okay
we'll take a bunch of it though we're
gonna end up with a BBVA team
realistically come on give me some mana
matches come on here we go whoo he got
ball boom boom I don't want Nani in my
room though just gonna take some hi red
players cuz we're hoping for some mana
the matches come on man give you some
man of the matches give me the play yes
a cold though that's one of the bad ones
though well he's got a play are we gonna
get any more we need to get more than
one come on surely SCN is now 73 another
international mana match no take a bail
now we're gonna fit that Center back
into the team as well okay we really
shouldn't have taken the tiara or the
bail we should have put me oh that's the
mud rich okay that's a good one
going alright we've got two so far we
can take a dani alves guys i don't know
how this team is gonna work it doesn't
really work doing it this way but we're
getting it a nice team give me like an
over like as well or not you know what
we're gonna take a Tim Howard because he
will link to the sentiment but we may
not play him if we get note we are gonna
play him I did not get a good choice of
gold this isn't fair
right send it back I already know I'm
playing I'm not gonna play either these
who's gonna be the next one no okay I'm
kind of happy I didn't get
I'm out there cuz then I wouldn't be a
pleco dude I'm just gonna said highest
rated unless they are in another match I
need a Bundesliga left back please
Bundesliga left back and he will fit
none of them what a surprise
she CDM come on give me another man in
back there's the man of the match and
again what the fuck we do give me
Madame Edie I'm tempted to take Jose to
link to the center back but at the same
time I can't should frickin taking
DeMaria and my team would be sorted
screw it guys I'm gonna take Jones I
know everyone is screaming at me and I
apologize okay but now he at least has
some form of chemistry I am left wing
who do we get here we get up iets which
doesn't fit the team but we get another
man of the match ray and I've just
realised we can't even play Matthew Edie
I mean we can use a Benzema at least the
knee links actually that worked pretty
well knowing that I have Messi Ebro
Matuidi Bale and even tiara on the bench
how do I get more chemistry with bail
even a messy you know what I will play
that just screw it Messi's player net so
we have for international man of the
match is playing if we really really
need to what we're gonna do is going to
put bail was a right winger we're going
to bring Ebro on we can't there it is
guys what a wonderful theme 160 that's
right you seal these one 9 pause about
how often do you see a 160 alright let's
see what we're gonna face and probably
lose to straight away okay that's a good
start we get a 1 9 1 to face first
really a man brilliant why do I feel
like this is the YouTuber I don't know
why and I don't know whom but I feel
like this is gonna be a youtuber please
don't be amazing free kick jump keeps
good safe Tim you ain't get anything
past this big ball dead today ok maybe
you are okay yeah he is
how the hell am I gonna come up against
the 191 in my first game ok we'll do
this cuz you can still do this you know
what mod rich mod rich good effort right
who are we aiming for win for the big
centre back there is full
oh god no no I did not mean now then you
know I didn't either but I see by post
I've seen it that's not backbones here
we go here we go
no bro the blow up your man of the match
why you man of the match if you can't
score that I think I may need to
actually wait actually wait wait new
post new post
what are you doing Benzema come on get
to him get to him make it tough I would
get our nice nice ma'juj nice they get
to touch way no what are you doing
finish it there's a pen thank you Ben's
them are please there is some
my great pen we may have to bring on
bail oh yeah we go again you're gone
going good to me this side driven in two
hours actually
so he makes him how did it like a
two-year-old window I'm not taking off
another match don't worry I'm taking on
mom am nabarro the Bora Bora and then
fit us
why it's my lip black heading that I am
losing our time because my left back and
another play called seen you do come on
take it Arjun finish take it up and
finish it finish it no bull what ma
judges - Manju just through you know
what know what Modric I think I figured
it out I think I feel that it's the
quick it's a quick one two's what you do
we don't know play yet it's the one
two's dust that's how to beat you've
gone to get that gun dummy right no
butter hi Brock's everything though it's
one thing knowing how to beat someone
and it's actually another thing beating
them messy you know what it's a little
messy
wait wait please come on come on I just
need one more goal and then like at
least we can go at extra time hello
hello hello hello hello hello Tim Howard
looking like a two-year-old again how
the hell have I lost this game I know
how purely because of this team but if
that is the only reason actually no I
take that back it's cause of my team
come on does it over go okay we go one
back come on we got one back he fucked
up bad got 12 minutes to get one more
goal come on Leonel messy Lynn Oh see
you the back but oh my god and then take
a touch mode rich though we are my
keepers gonna be up this is it actually
we're not gonna score corner are we I
don't remember the last time I actually
scored a corner when my keeper was up
there we go there we go there we go
exactly as I said since the chops
still a chance all right male well they
all do selfish little break
how have I lost in my first round eight
on target Amy at seven oh my god
Leslie
now the two gold packs in a premium and
Loan players get anything in these
anyway even if I get to the fine I don't
get anything this is guaranteed garbage
at least if I get to the final I like
you know what this is a slight chance of
hope
oh yeah a player 18 to 85 on loan I
can't wait to get AI go up
now it's my turn bitch I got a 191 and
I'm gonna win and yes I know I'm not
playing the right team is it I didn't
choose all of the international meta
matches you know what screw that it
clearly doesn't work yeah let's see
where you got from a little bit okay
he's got a 91 rated squad as well you
men have the chemistry but the squad
rating is there I let's just end this
now
honestly it's incredible the difference
in how these players feel I don't have
is because the chemistry or what but
they feel incredible compared to the
other takeda months oh no oh no oh no so
when I said incredible what I really
meant was utter wank here we go here we
go here we go renow oh oh that was
majestic here we go again let's here we
go again Lou no I need to get better at
once here we go there we go Empire and
fat there we go 2-1 just gonna run away
with it now see look there's another
goal bank three one
Leonel messiest running rings running
rings when the head is just you'll get
to just win the header image and open
golden ear start to slow pan and that
could be a red as well you know really
was it was it it's a red game over
I miss but I missed that's why don't go
up well that was too easy
okay game on Suarez from 35 yards out
that I don't have that'll work that
though five yards out Suarez good effort
I mean I don't know how I'm not just
scoring Oh after all of that yeah
okay like why can't I just score like
that there we go yes ten men for Frick
sake and this now and this now there we
go 5-3 just quit mate to the edge to
edge to the edge to roar oh now you're a
little final attack is it is it it's
it's not it's that's the end of the game
well made a lot harder than it should
have been anyway into round two what are
you got for me
why is everyone seems like one rated I
thought I was special
let's go then come on mate come on mate
there we go it's gonna little runny
running runs nice okay bad bad messy no
no seen you in there mate see you in
there
wha wait wait messy messy oh I'll miss
ooh no no no someone please just write
Ned Ned Ned fed Nedved vetnet Dec breath
there's a man I just got bushed
come on that was beautiful that is
beautiful play playing some nice
football with this thing 18 minutes in
why is it pausing it there egg wine for
Benzema really ah why does everyone do
this everyone passes it and was bad said
that's why beating school okay there's a
little bit too much pressure on here
he's offsides now but the next time I
might know get lucky come on here we go
here we go there we go nice nice I'm s
ah near stop in ESR you were right there
I just saw one of my testicles stop
really hard not now not 45th minute
look 45th minute nice get rid here it
and this is the end of the half move
exaggerated when I said end of the half
please not now you see that oh my
goodness ah come on second off I just
need to pull away again oh my goodness
yep somehow Ryan Ryan the least Spanish
name in the world has just saved it the
Spanish goalkeeper Brian oh no he's got
positive but good no weird roaring damn
you nang goo lagoon good mornin es that
i know you're old and dusty but you can
still possible it's still possible
better than that come on edge of the
area all right and then laid off and
then take a touch let's rise oh nice
free-kick or Ronaldo Ronaldo what no no
really Esther was that your dusty Aeneas
that dusty oh no no no no no no no no no
no no no no please please please please
Lucas Suarez working his ass off working
his ass off and then playing it into Mia
no misty and one you ran away no no no
run I'm remembering this I'm actually no
you've lost of all there too Suarez
always finish the freakin game there's
only two minutes left
Oh
Oh a nice just dyin riot the hero that
is Ryan I think we have done it look at
look I'm just
whoa Messi truly that conquering I put a
player on the line as well and we'll
take that to the edge to the edge lay
him off and then okay believe mr. blue
mr. ref look there we go we're into the
semis and what stands between me and
another final and okay he's not I want
the other one ninety one rated squad but
it's a 189 excuse me excuse excuse me
this okay I mean I went window down in
one of the first games this guy just has
so many players like you know I know
he's done he's gone he's gone defensive
and counter-attack any cuz look how many
players he is back right now 1v1 me bro
1 P 1 1 P 1 be broke yeah how I know my
team's good I'm not blaming my team it's
just he is got he's got like the anti
Simon right now he's just got a team
that's designed to beat me
Lea no play one more and then touch run
there were it is one all I go down
without fight Nedved whips it in Braun
great head on OK mmm-hmm this guy is
actually quite good like it's not it's
not amazing Oh dinner ok ok please read
that read that nice teamwork come on
senior bus
I've seen you you're running in I saw it
ah yeah right you know what 45th minute
why not just go for that gone smart bang
native fine that was all that's truly ok
halftime gonna be a tough half a
football now but I believe oh wallets
there's such a 3-1 this is Stein's debit
worrying I'm having flashbacks to the
very first game when I actually use the
man of the matches I think this is it
guys I think I think it's over it's gone
from that
oh what a Ryan actually might be the
best goalkeeper in the world you know
and I am playing off Brian regardless of
the score I'd like to say my goalkeeper
has won wait a second wait a second how
much broader egos that is
right please than ever oh my god I can't
stop being off site here's another goal
Oh kick what are you doing really you
tried that and there's the whistle we
lost in the semi-final at least that in
better than the international man of the
match I mean they're better packs at
least I get more rare than this one pack
than I did in all of the packs I got
last time and we get coke we got that
from Tesco's if I really wanted it
thanks he a jumbo premium go pack we get
and to end the video thank you guys for
watching we get a Ramsey okay hope that
he plays like wanking in Finland that's
all for today thank you guys for
watching and see way better than a foot
no solo I'm not part of Daniel Duffy
come on Jesse running good God
