you have spoken I said hath for effect
by the way but anyway you have spoken
you said do the trough win the draught
get a hundred K back get up blue not
sure losses still impacts but you know
we can give it a go
heads up as Jack has sold for 1600 which
means we now have about thirty thousand
coins as they I'm doing the draft and
I'm using the draft token said to be
thirty thousand coins you need to let me
know to my top common will be the one I
choose I am playing two games today so
we're going to build the team plays two
games hopefully still be in the draft
let's find out if we will be I'm not
gonna go for anything specific just
gonna go for the best possible team and
I think I might just go for the standard
four four two holding here we go let's
see what we get who's our captain gonna
be give us a good captain boom ebrill
Ramos you know what there isn't many
people better than Ramos in defense so
I'm gonna go with him there are people
who are 96 it was up front Ramos will go
for you alright right back come on just
give me the Danny Elvis make it easy
make it easy
no you don't make it easy let's go to
Marcus why forget all there we go at we
take we take a Suarez do we take a
deeper you know what I think Ibrahim a
zhing but I think we might take a Suarez
cuz deeper is not gonna link with anyone
at the moment
take a Suarez come on please give me
someone else give me someone else the
door oh oh oh I'm instantly drawn to it
but he's the worst one there by quite
long way we're gonna go for agüero now
if we can get messy for the
right-hand-side link them up Oh
Regas here need a BPO come on I needed
some VPL players we can think of us gets
but we need a ppl player now please
please please please please
take you in case but we need a right mid
okay back that can work company could
work here none of them link except
Philippe Louise yeah Wow
screw it we're taking him goalkeeper
come on give me someone good give me
someone good gimme hey none of them link
so we may as well to the highest rated
come on I need a good goalie a good
goalie please check check will do you
can Alisa link with company it's going
to right need a left or right back in
the BPL now I left the right back in the
BBL there we go if we swap these two
over all we need is a ppl centre mid and
a BPO right MIT could go well come on a
BPL there's no one really they're square
highest rated it doesn't really matter
here we go come on
centre mid BPO that's not anyone I
really want there I know where we dabble
right mid will take a whole break I
could have taken a knee bro oh well
we're still taking him above everyone
else everyone else there was all full
DeMaria Perez lack of set nemo huh okay
may mark what but I might take a demon
rear so that I could play yeah let's
take a team of rid then I might be able
to play mass media where a mouse pad
this is very very bad
five players remaining and we still need
we'll take it take animo we need a
banging player to get a right mid novice
Cadoo wait oh ok now that's still bad
before I start getting him myself or
taking a Maxwell but he's not gonna play
come on give me an amazing pool eh it's
over
let me see what I can do now you maybe I
be able to do something else here but we
have a 1 8 5 now we have 90 rating 95
chemistry I know you're probably
thinking like Rodriguez will do better
there but no chemistry doesn't change
even now that's a right MIT doesn't
change so we're gonna just stick to this
team I mean a 185 is pretty decent and
this team is pretty sick two games today
let's see if we can stay in the draft
for the first two and then hopefully
next episode win the draft
what did you
me what did you get okay a lot of
informs a Joe sugg look at my bugger in
the middle one eight eight we can do
this here we go
come on play it play about just play the
ball let the ball do the talking lads
let the ball do the talking
nice no that's bad going to grow rest
rep rep rep oh look what no no no no no
no no that was way too nice from aggro
to not score we have to score now we
have to actually score but back back but
and then oh here we go
here we are no more live all breath
pen-name are with the pose and then bugs
it no why should have just passed it I
need to get through this round
why are you pausing in that white why
are you really pausing it well if you
know quitting least Lucky's not quitting
nevermind it's brought on DeMaria for
Griezmann oh no his team is ksi I mean
with games against some chances okay God
go go go I keep fake shotting and I just
don't know why but you keep going this
job oh nice good go go go go go go go go
go I can get to here but I can't do
anything past it sorry sorry sorry sorry
so so so sorry what what what here we go
this is where we now score complaining
and then open go what was that don't
know how that went in blaze oh dear oh
dear don't join skill go meet nice touch
me nice one run agüero run run your
team of seasoned agüero you missed from
there and your team of the season
agüero does this class of the counter I
think I think it does make I think it
does gone go on what this actually this
is actually the bangin counter buying
encounter please be on side I'm on
two-nil so long farewell good game egg
fried rice well I was made a lot easier
no you had more shots and one win down
one more to go today and then hopefully
next episode you know we do the thing
what are you gonna have for me now come
on please dodo
okay is a bit better a lot lower
chemistry he has the Ronaldo Neymar bail
trifecta place low nice football and we
have a chance of reaching the semi-final
can we you know what we can go get a
shot off at least or cross it in and
that's way too far you know or on or not
forgot the team of the seasons can score
headers from like a hundred yards
there's the bull take a touch is that
bus gets again oh why does bus gets
there I am actually a bit worried that
bus gets is there because he is going to
be my CDM I believe holy cow holy cow
holy great save grace okay signal go go
go
what foul free-kick my way is he on he's
on d maria de maria left foot no he's
saved that with his teeth k he's got a
little bit of attack on his but it's got
corner crossing the end with the dusty
player in da stuff but one take touch
then get a shot do not let him get a
shot I've let him buy the shop I'm after
on the through through I am love it Hojo
who was ours as there was a musket so
glad saying biscuits to school to God it
was Suarez beautiful look at that boy
man he somehow gets past the defender
don't know his defender was but I think
it was a Panucci go go go blow blow
Yan Yan side you know what you know what
finish it no I was offside I'm sorry for
being sweaty okay but I'm trying to win
the draft go-go-go agüero gone gone you
know what you know what and then turn
back and then turn again
no I need to stop fake showing it
doesn't really work as well as I want it
to how did he just I'll work a 45th
minute I explains it one more eye is
left a lot of space a lot of space a
loss will finish finish my god really
that was that was going wait a second
wish I can take it outside and your left
foot it aren't you your look Fred I hope
your left foot I want actually I hope
you're right because that's off target
there it is half time I'm only two one
up think I deserve it I've had more
shots of in last game I didn't have as
many shots and I still wanted to get a
couple more goals Simon and I am sure he
will quit I don't know where to go he's
got a lot of players back here I mean a
lot of players but we can get bawling oh
God good gone and then you know what you
know what finesse Bank how is he saving
that I'm getting too close to the
goalkeeper on those I think that's why
I'm missing the one-on-ones DeMaria with
the balling us too far out again Wow
so we need to go badly November come on
one more and then you know what
Wow that's a foul you know what he's
actually left some room for biscuits for
best what I actually just happened
surely he's not actually better with his
head than he is with his feet I mean it
is called football for a reason Iniesta
are you mad are you mad he is old as
hell how is he trying to outpace someone
with Iniesta no time at all left and
it's going to come right down to the
last kick of the game no no
know what I want this is know what I
want why have you gone for that okay
Lola ladies seen the past we've seen the
past he's seen the past great challenge
keep on Cuba heís got corner in the
84th minute who's been taken off Neymar
yeah I know name I was injured oh oh oh
no no no I didn't actually throw out I
didn't try I didn't I didn't throw that
always happens
I'm spamming it to get rid I had to help
stopped a little bit I mean we are
literally we are doing something I don't
know what yet with you we're doing
something might get rid of what the
frickin you do what the hell pass it up
what what take it easy take it easy
right no who's this is this this is this
is the end what I'm done I'm doing right
now it's as if I'm trying to we've done
it we run it we won the second round we
are into the semi-final next episode
this is a lot better than I thought I
mean I just had debuted everything but
there's two wins to nail two one
national might be two one going to extra
time but that is the team we're using if
I lose it the next round I'll play one
more game in the division let me know
you want me to buy 30,000 coins remember
top comma with on a Tuesday you guys
watching and soup man is sitting right
here looking like a Russian basically
I'm going to be taking him on with
England he's gonna be Russia
whenever the score is in this game is
gonna be the score tonight this team
it's just nothing like what we're taking
obviously the team on FIFA's a little
bit different to the euros team so you
may see some names that aren't actually
at the euros but I couldn't help it game
has kicked off
I'm just saying money if you beat me
