what's up guys I'm welcome to something
a little bit different now because the
euros not started today I'm going to be
taking on different youtubers every time
England has a game on the day of England
has a game today's opponent is obviously
Russia and I got the most Russian
looking person I could find which is
Madame Lee Billick well what Nicole
Billick I tried to do the GTA thing okay
let me live you don't actually look very
Russian I bet you're gonna make me look
Russian you're gonna get ties on its own
you let me just let me just helped us
alright so now that is done and Maggie
is sitting right here looking like a
Russian basically I'm gonna be taking
him on with England he's gonna be rushed
out whatever the score is in this game
is gonna be the school tonight this team
it's just nothing like what we're takin
obviously the team on FIFA's a little
bit different to the euros team so you
may see some names that aren't actually
the euros but I couldn't help it game
has kicked on
I'm just saying money if you beat me you
want England to lose nothing not you
can't do that try make me look fat no
just house I just have it money that's
not allowed you put feel Walcott in your
squad look alright good ass to you he
was already in the team huh oh my god
your mug it off England you hate this
country
haha look at await me look bad bye Manny
before you shoot I just need to know I'm
not wearing pants why do I need to know
that all right even what were you doing
stop trying to unloved me I'm gonna
shoot it worked am it oh my god
yo you play better when you know I'm not
wearing pants I'm a fast Bacchus I see
you baby
signal oh boy stop talking
Wow Apple held on to some 1 mil that's
good I'm putting a bet on my to England
they're gonna score first
it doesn't matter if it's Henderson
alright but England will store first
Henderson yeah I'm a little full fan Lee
hello render son Henderson doesn't start
we will miss he may be England's
salvation I love the way you said
salvation you just like pointing like I
am the one and two so Patrick point this
why is it wait you got that recording
we're not even playing ultimate food I
want even to win but I wanna win this so
yes oh my god use your bra you love the
little boy oh you know I'll see you
going out there oh oh yes
oh oh it's nice last night you don't
remember Russia being this fancy haha
Oh Shirokov hmm Fanta okay
well you said to also yeah you know it
so happen come on boys
you're cheering on Russia no over
England why would I ever do that bread
and butter lads we'll bring them
whatever Russian people eat there we go
vodka vodka I know that's distraction
that makes this room know you just try
to be bystanders of the structuring
scene was fruit what is his name why are
you going to do oh that's fantastic
that means no more girls with a second
off you know what if the game is like
this I'll be happy as long as we're
entertaining
there it is halftime and I don't feel
like this is very realistic all right
you ready put it this is an England
tactic who works in this back you are
really going back to it yeah I realize
you have influence
yeah I can't believe you done that I've
just dropped my controller I dropped my
controller and learn the batteries
coming up it's telling you again why are
they locking off what am i doing what am
I doing with my life
what am i doing with my life shoot
someone woke up thousand yeah before
fire here we go there we go this is
where we go the best thing you got was
Nathaniel Klein I just realized what he
said Wayne Rooney notes pass please me
lad God Simon what bubble-wrap me what
is this even this what was the real
winner tonight in before this ha ha and
before this the nil nil game that
straight up all of them try to be as
English as possible lads one do it for
the Queen oh my god good one no come on
what a great black pumps why is that
going in Oh
no no I'm going on you at school okay
good all the council the council back
out so come on lads for a glide why are
you sounding more more English
oh my poor England yes ah poor England
why never again mental in the books
you've run just had their hands on the
head and stuff Theo Walcott
but but but Walter sure Wow but no so
that mystic that is realistic as
realistic pretty good what snows
why does that happen this is to win it
that's the winner hey Marcie - this your
country yeah maybe silver Gucci Manny
are you serious England they're gonna
draw against Russia and I'm gonna go
place a bet now I'm gonna put one on a
draw then I put one on the Surreal and
I'm gonna put one on Henderson school
first if you guys want to let me know
who you want me to play for the next
England game let me know in the comments
below also huge say you to Manny for
playing me especially as plain as Russia
yeah thank you for that you can check
them out in the description we also did
a video on his channel as well which you
can check out down there as well there
you guys watching and see well our
season through ad for this how am I not
how have you not scored that noble a
code the way the goalie do you want a
hundred percent when I save this admit
this player wasn't in the way oh here we
go now we're getting into it now we are
getting into it oh we're so close we
just need a fourth to join last game
this is all we need
f√†bregas this the we need for the
fourth goal there we go now
