we've got the usuals out in London plus
say again just smoothing it and shredder
if you guys don't remember shredder this
is him the bunny's shred of a treat
stream or usually juice off Batman
fucking Janice
I would use a turnaround look at the
statute and tell me the first thing you
think it looks like Oh
walk on what does that look like what
does that look like
thank you like the Google colors it
looks like a penis con okay I don't know
how penis might write about hair in
Sancho am i baby
mr. song raindrops keep fallin on my
head
he doesn't know I thought I was selling
upstairs because it's fat you bro as you
guys know I am vegetarian now here's
another vegetarian vegan bar many
vegetarians so we just played football I
recorded a second of it here it is and
now we cook daily vegetarianism starts
now well kudos next day with Toby and
Toby has dragged me to box bar this is
vegan I was gonna say that's chicken
vegan Donna we're all vegans now we win
obviously need a reminder
let me remind them anyways that's enough
that's enough I'm back in the piece
'mobile i'ma come up with a name for ya
the Tesla I am currently going to the
sidemen clothing store warehouse I want
to get some stuff I'm on my way there
right now and then I'm heading home late
hell we're going to the flat I'm gonna
be doing a video with shit or but chip
if you know i'ma just wait till I get
there and I'm gonna turn the radio off
but hopefully there's a bangin song
mommy was supposed to be buying us upon
this day and mission accomplished we got
some Simon stuff I got a poster and I
got some goodies for Tobin alright I'm
about to show cheer the secret I'm doing
this again but this is the chips first
time seeing it now old people in
technology don't get along well so I
think it's just issues trying to figure
out what you doing and you just figured
out that that's a computer screen you
know old people are you ready for this
secret it's about to start
it's not starting
I'm worried maybe it's a cop this
specific car part
hey you are a medium right there you go
okay you've seen my new light on Twitter
I pulled it off so they really just give
these to anyone these days you know how
many times I had to put wrote to shorten
the title oh yeah like the roots are
sure revenge on ksi prank I remember
that seeks hours later alright the three
videos done one for me and one for Toby
you still got Tiger brand new bro yeah
it is oh nice trick ease bro nice
Trekkies oh yeah that's nice Chucky's
bro yeah
I gotta head home going back to my
parents I didn't get to show chip but I
wanted to show him because the ceiling
is too low we figured it out so we're
gonna save that for another vlog but
yeah I'm heading home we got our video
recorded yeah now I've got Drive home
but it's like 11 o'clock so late time
driving my brother's birthday so I
didn't really want to film any of it the
next day been a weird one today I've
just got up hence why this isn't done
but the reason it's not done it's cuz
I'm about to go get it done it's coming
back
ah there we go yeah it's back Blondie's
back okay so I don't know if you can see
me right now it might be a bit dark but
hopefully my light illuminates me so
what I haven't explained to you guys is
that are basically jaws and shredder are
both vegetarian so they're basically
both coming over now to cook food for me
to try because they're gonna they've
both think they're really good at
cooking and then I'm probably gonna try
and cook something to it so it's a bit
of a weird vlog I know but you know what
why not you guys like seeing what we do
so why not just show you guys are
tempting today I'll pick them up at that
cameras on oshi
so this is your first time seeing the
house bro what do you think hey wait all
right stand there Spence down there look
at me you think no no what do you think
turn around
that's the pool parcels everywhere add
anywhere our jobs are so gassed right
now tani done I God try with a book I
feel like I'm taking my kids on like a
holiday to Butlins shredder goes up the
Browns yeah oh no no Kenny died of truth
that's what I'm trying to do I can dunk
like that
this your boy go in this is tofu right
now okay perfect us are okay with vegan
cheese finally it's really good
so give us a rundown around our system
poverty gap you're a bit of an exotic
taste you know then I've got some
chicken seasoning this chicken seasoning
makes it taste like
that's the fuck is that laughing this
makes it taste like seasoned chicken
back back to the make any sense right
now
ninja Ramsay cuz I know there's three of
us we've done in five minutes so you
just have to wait for the past hour
while the pastas cooking and put the
sauce in here pastor Luke Luke past life
it blows these guys amateurs all right
update look at this with the peppers are
inside tomorrow sauce spicy marinade
that's that it's done now all we need to
do is mix it all together
no we are big and cheese hi George
have you ever tried this food before no
is there a reason wow this is good it
might certainly vegan to see you know
making history ham if you have your hunt
set your I was four in the past in time
you're done huh
are you sure it's really good
please actually really good though 7.3
really some reason you're terrified of
this all right come on it's not like
this is the end about fighting that's
that's harsh
that's all I need fabulous ladies hear
that ladies hear that he's a kook it
makes five meals that big enough exotic
and he's single ladies absolutely single
no cares fields I mean grime I in no
scene man on my circle that's my team if
you wait there more time you can fuck
off my know Kappa an x-man scream on the
through this thing turn I'm old and I
surpassed hundred thousand soul told my
manager fuck this job
imma take my tongs on the road
