no guides and welcome to another draft I
haven't done one of these in quite a
while and why I have but they've always
been to do a team of the season or
something like that today is just a
normal draft
Thibodeau season is over we're gonna be
just trying to win by getting the best
possible team right so here we go we
just go for the best possible squad not
even like a 192 or anything like what I
mean we may get one if we're lucky but
we are just going for one that I want to
build and one that could do well I like
that I'm gonna go for the four five one
attack quite like that even though in
the end one striker you know we've got
two camps
you know what I think I might go for a
Filipe luís are you know what actually
I'm gonna go for a Brahma mix this up I
mean I'm not gonna go to the Liga BBVA
I'm going to mix this up give me a BPL
striker BPL no that's not there we go
DPL strike a bank perfect start and
watch it all go downhill
no okay matt'll do not fantastic but we
could get another camp on another cam in
we could take a pie it although are
saying that we could get a pie as a left
mid to middle season I only took a
Martin's that he'll live with de bruyne
if we get a pie it now it could work we
don't want that with fucked ah yeah this
this has suddenly gone all downhill and
OH
just come back could go pogba but I feel
like there's a better pumper out there I
can I'm gonna go fàbregas and we're
gonna try this BPL side come on ppl PPR
ppl while zaggy and you can play on the
other side PL come on bbl bbl bbl trippy
yeah you can work biggie I'll send a mic
on ppl bbm oh this isn't going too well
guys ain't going that well ever and
goalkeeper come on a ppl or BBVA not
deviate what I said BBVA now yeah okay
good take the Neue but he doesn't link
with anyone there but we could say the
Buffon links there and a potatoes - hey
we're taking up the hair because he's
higher and he will link with the ppl
center back that will get substitute
goalie here anyway we get okay we'll
take you for higher rating send it back
from the video please please please
please
eze it'll have to do I guess so I need a
laugh amid to do better I need a left
mid maybe another why are you doing this
to me I am taking Bella in because we
could get about we could get the team of
the season Bella room come on give me
the good players oh we're not gonna use
Ramirez who may as well take the higher
one the yo-yo Tori good work I'm afraid
I'll - it's fàbregas so he may have to
be like one of our sobs that we get ok
now this is interesting because we could
take a Millar but he doesn't link Mulla
we're taking below and we can swap out
Martin's if we have to ah ah car walkers
great this is going badly oh oh I don't
know what to do anymore go oh well oh
are we got okay we got pyre there he is
we also got the bail we also got a
Rooney we got to take Neymar don't worry
cuz we can sub off the left miss we will
start him and we're all for now donut
better in this is Ronaldo and pellerin
what do i do we've got to take a bell
ring guys I know you're screaming at me
but we've got to take I know he's 12
worst but he's better than the position
I had the last few cards have kind of
saved me a little bit and the final one
may as well take a bail I think I've got
the best school I could use and what it
is is a 180 okay we got 89 rating 99 Kim
and I know you're looking at it thinking
like I was like we're taking off hair to
match we're taking off Martin's and
we're taking off matter
Neymar mullet and BAE will come in
straight on then my team is shit right
time to try this draft let's go opponent
number one
okay it's it's no chemistry but it's a
decent team Ebru might cause some
trouble here we go come on come on
actually wait you know what matter
you've done a pass now you've done a
pass see you later
well my team just became incredible ah
here we go
go on bail come on come on come on mate
come on mate yeah you didn't see that Go
Go button
what is that Gareth whore whore whore
Attila grow up where Oh quite well-known
a little quick bang Namor there is a
team of the season Neymar and he hits it
like a wuss where is a Gareth Bale you
know is it this is only an informant he
is dribbling around everyone on turnout
turnout agüero one there's one I just
want this to be an easy painless
experience but don't want any struggle
from this shame it's lonely the first
round
fàbregas with the place with the place
I display damn it ha
come on fire gasps oh now you keep
ending out this wide but it's kind of
working okay and uh wow wow how is that
I don't know how I am it's cooled there
am I getting that am i getting that done
Namor I've got it
good good bank right come on guys
sterling is catching up
oh the touch was mad all right and then
blame it and for this why are you
turning around like that agüero I think
I've got this game now I think it's done
halftime all right three nil up last
time nothing to say really it's just
been a standard game here we go can we
get forth can we get forth all right you
know what you know what Liam or four
more army posts there we go what head
what what how mullah you're six foot
nine how many is this gonna take foot
gone taco hello ello ello
don't get gold back on Mon de bruyne
what are those just so close here we go
no more and they my wedding I know I won
it to Kuwait what why doesn't it go to
my players
this isn't even a difficult game I just
can't do anything for some reason right
okay okay ah yo be Schmeichel come on
bail come on and then turn it and no way
that was white and the one time I'd want
to do McGinnis even I can't screw this
guy's not gonna quit we're so close to
the end let's just get on goal alright
guys I think we've done it I think we
are into that there we go into the
second round
honestly bringing on those three players
makes a world of difference opponent
number two and it's 89 Wow places good
defense
I mean we face better before you say we
can be it right pass it back and
Fabregas out to matter matter with the
first nice touch there you go math
you've done well I mean not that well
I'm still taking you off Neymar Neymar
Neymar Neymar okay who's this fàbregas
oh my that was the biggest touch ever
ever ever pass it right where Oh
agüero I was about to praise you now I
want to hate you oh no oh no Lana
hold on the specific out wide
and then take it inside and that
Buddhist bang mole I just whoa okay one
goal we need three more other lads but
for up come on agüero come on come on
come on and grow and grow you got like
so many of them there
Oh to chop the boss a turn good boy bang
I don't cows wetsy I am okay I am going
to try and win this strong or what
reddit I've read it okay here we go
prepare grab place it inside you know
it's a mullah no no I couldn't think
it's so much longer gone put it put pen
then please but he's oh sorry you see it
that was a pen for goals and I am
convinced this double-quick
no no please be aside get there get a
get a get a get think of it
can I get it get it get it yes nice how
is he going through oh no ok
he's putting a little bit more pressure
and I feel like he's swapped playing
it's playing differently bar slides go
up various you don't much place but you
could bag one no you God how am i end up
on the floor god no no no no I didn't
mean to force it nice hard time alright
second half goes straight in that died
didn't even see the stats as I said
Henley spamming a bar sadly to me to
season bars eglee against bale against
bill I've cycled it I've got it oh no I
passed the straight back to him tackle
nice Ephraim I'm absolutely I'm fluffed
it a fluff that so badly I suddenly
pressed it when I didn't mean to mala
season throw add finesse how am I not
how have you not scored that my god the
way the goalie you want a hundred
percent when I save this if this player
wasn't in the way oh here we go now
we're getting into it now we are getting
into it ah we're so close we just need a
fourth to join last game this is all we
need fàbregas this is all we need for
the fourth goal there we go now that
should be the goal to quit apparently
not
this guy's more of a challenge than I
thought yep there we go he's more of a
challenge than I thought oh no we've got
another one for to the 12 minutes left
now I need to focus
oh no oh no no no no no stop this stop
stop him stop him
give it get rid how is he okay keeper
keeper oh there you go there you go de
Bruyne you've missed the goal okay but
we've won it's 90 fights first minute
and we're for toe up there it is for 2
into the semi-final come on
semi finals here we go let's see is team
okay I mean the Blues are pretty
intimidating but I gotta remember I have
blues I don't like playing against
people in white kits for some reason
it makes it you know harder to see my
team even are playing in green I just
look like the pitch
alright fàbregas go blamin and get that
and then agüero shopton and then chop
again okay no or not but what the same
no no we know we know he's gonna have to
turn in he's gonna turn he's not that's
level I touched it last
oh no no no it's one of them he's one of
them no great save okay subsea we go
here we go now's our chance now is our
chance we've seen you in there Malhar
bought bail I wasn't even call it Gorman
that way Kuwait I can get to this
emperor ballet you almost a pass hang on
to be really just done that no deploying
on a wavy run to broad finish it no you
little I don't know how I've managed to
lighten hit the crossbar every frickin
time
what like that like that
but that wasn't exactly what I was
talking about but you know what I mean
like how has he got a chance there and
yeah yeah Oh to hell with the man and
there's a stole yeah Oh No are you
serious
two heads it all of that and then let's
plat in blue she gave up before the
polida my name Neymar Brennan brings
when it rings wait wait wait oh my god
oh my okay that okay I take everything I
said about his goal and I put it in the
bin because that is full-on just
disgusting off the post to himself and
then taps in an open goal oh he's my
thumb he's what's up and over go and
there we go
to one still switched up they might
absolutely kill in this game he's
killing Ref
hello calm in that Bank no there's a guy
right in front of you there it is
halftime we've taken the lead as well
this is going well
it'll be shaky to start with but now
we've got the leaves we just need to
hold on how is that bounce to him no how
is the ball to him this game that hasn't
been a single good goal oh my god my
defense is becoming awful gone make that
tackle here you go Gareth Bale Gareth
Bale can't fail you know what have a
shot mate have a shot finish it just
you're not seguro de bruyne you can
actually no can eat me no no I don't
want to shoot I don't want to shoot
because I got blabbed in whoa there's
only one goal in it and there's only 13
minutes left he has to surely joy good
oh come on we can win this we can win
this with nothing when that when that
win that then and that someone make a
tackle someone make a tackle get tackled
by old Brian deployed deployed finish
bang for two game done
he's paused it with four minutes
remaining what's he doing well there we
go he's quit we actually made him quit
like four minutes left
where's our the vital let's see if we
can finally win a draft although now I
say that we're probably going to lose
again in the final and what stands in
the way of winning this whole draft is a
186 again it's a nice squad just a
nicely built squad all right you know
what as this is the final doing this as
quick as possible I it is done that the
team has reached its full potential
come on bail we have a chance if we have
a chance good bang it bang oh just one
Dale good one that plastron bail was
actually many go to the guy at the back
post I think you just okay it keeps
sending angle here we go go fail you
know what finesse it whoa it's got
annoying ghost it's gonna be difficult
to beat him again gone God but gone
where oh please please wait wait wait
and then turn it no wait please still
got it
he's still got it alright and then a
great a great know what am i doing
wait no I can wear my fake showing so
much I just I need to stop this is a
very very uneventful game I can't really
get to do much it's got very good
defense come back come back oh oh oh oh
oh oh wait no damn it yes
without pain there it is hi yeah um how
wow Mulla you freaking gods oh my days I
don't know how I'm even winning this
game to be honest the hard time though
not many shots at all well we just need
please Simon cannot hold on his bronzer
Brian for the Fayette to fight that what
the Frick I we're going for it with
girlfriend right tick touch in a grow
grow whips it in and the bill three Dale
in the final dude just quit I beg I just
need to keep the ball for a little bit
of play he's getting some very good
chances no no no no no no no no his
golden is there that is golden that
means he's unlike ultra ultra attacking
right now right let's run just run just
run run run run run we've seen it
alright we're gonna just go down the
line we've absolutely fluffed out all
I'm saying guys is we have 12 minutes
left and there okay what's really luck
with 12 minutes left seven minutes left
and gareth bale's on a little run now it
fell on a run inserted then what are you
doing Gus Gus finish the game son I
think this guy's kind of given up a
little bit because I'm about to finish
the guy and there it is we've won it
guys we want to draw I know we're not
gonna get anything from it but who cares
we won the draw let's see what we get
come on prizes can you do smoothies on
the Jumbo replicas
that's awful this is this is all players
I believe in this seven razzle gold is
it boom we get to Sarah's 81 Wow okay
we'll get this one then all gold all
rare 24 items but they're not all just
players come on please please please
else please that is it's just not worth
winning the drop I mean I'm gonna open
this pack as well there are 55 K pipes
but they're let's just open it 125 k5
all items all players all gold all red
boom it is done right that is all for
today we have won the draft now we end
with a boom that's why don't that's why
don't open packs that often guys that's
that is exactly why but yeah we are done
for today so thank you guys for watching
and see
whoo no no fuck I'm out of this lip
knife it let's go move ugh well we know
inside we have to attack down now don't
we and here's his goal straight away
yeah yeah yeah there we go brilliant
suddenly because I have 10 men his
players become 10 times better
don't lame do skills don't land ooh what
is that great save
wait whoever I've got every single donor
this is nurse
