in my underpants
cuz it's freakin boiling here honestly I
am sweating my ass off in fact I am
actually in my boxers right now but you
can't see I asked you guys do I should
buy you said by mana the matcha mini
mentor and school from the halfway line
cuz cuz the school from the halfway line
and yeah let's take a look
yeah let's have another look all right
we're not gonna do it anymore okay all
right now that is DNI the actual top
comment telling me to buy sell seek and
biker toy who my son is you're saying so
check and buy Courtois so cut well
welcome to the team I'll put check up
for sale now but we are using a French
team for the first game and I am
starting to get nervous because we've
done three games and unless we win every
single game now we can't win the title
right now we're worried about relegation
time to get rid of the doubt from my
mind let's just win these games and we
should be in a very good position to be
safe this guy's gamertag is like
something-something snipers with lice
Zed's at the end you know that this guy
is gonna be good he's got like the oh
jeez sniper clan gamertag that means
he's going to be pretty good yeah he's a
skilar is ass killer
he's our skill err no no no no no don't
get rid how is he how has he still got
the ball no no no we we know we know
he's oh my god this is gonna be a
horrible horrible game please keep all
thank you oh no he's not even skilling
anymore okay no he is he is trying to
steal his he's go for some skill goals
got paws up right we could we could win
this we can win this there you go down
there Gore George George great touch you
know what back post noticed there are we
did you do that it's up wait wait okay
we'll take a corner okay wait there you
go wait no I've done awful I actually
can't do much against this guy I mean
I'm doing I'm doing all right
but I can't there's not much to it
there's no what is that for a touch here
we go we've got a bit he's made a
mistake I made a mistake and he's no no
no no no all right all right all right
you know what you know what we're good
all right I don't know one really doing
it what am i doing I'm absent I don't
know what I've been doing then putting a
play on the line really fluffed of my
brain can't believe I'm drawing this
game he literally rat I had an open call
George best come on come on here we go
and then turn it
all right don't turn it i meant to
actually bikini spin great bolts with
keyboard alex every time i freaking get
through it lags a little bit maybe just
wait a second wait a second play pat
post come on go on George
do you see that how yeah he gets a free
kick to Z this is it final shots firing
shots go playable more and then play it
go
what aah ohh I don't get how I haven't
scored yet
oh no honestly I know I've only had one
shot on target but I had a freaking open
guy just didn't shoot for some reason
please I need a win here oh no no fuck
I'm out of this lip that's it let's game
over well we know which side we have to
attack down now don't we and here's his
goal straight away yeah yeah yep there
we go brilliant suddenly because I have
10 men his players become 10 times
better
don't let him do skills don't land ooh
what is that
great save wait who I've got Laurie
single dunno this is miss fine here we
go here we go oh oh okay and then buying
what I cook what is that cream okay it
took a deflection I'll forgive you a
little bit but that's only if we score
and it keeps come out and hi-yah
there we go though no no no his gifts
come out again oh please can I get a go
now if I get going now then he's gonna
be attacking for the end come on come on
that's what that hit my own player seen
you at far side fast I think it's at
George George
you're a legend you're George best what
do I do what Bentham it's not gonna
score across the IE know what fuck it
we're going ultra attacking come on
please please wait wait no dummy
oh great play what but Wow and this is
game over game yeah it took that oh okay
hey last chance last shot what the fuck
am I did alright this is it this is
action last chance Karim Benzema you
know that that's what was that for a
header what was that for exactly this no
no no no no don't name up don't let him
up plus it back plus what's your tap
Johnson you actually tap Dalton this is
ridiculous this doesn't that doesn't
count
you've already
this realistically mate there you go
blow the whistle how have I lost that I
know how cuz I'm a freaking idiot I
destroyed him he did not deserve to win
guys I'm gonna get relegated again into
Division two and I don't know what to do
if I get relegated
we're going with the BPL team come on
then show me the next person that's
gonna beat me oh he's got a legend as
well as equal Ricky Nia Oh what do i do
guys what the Frick do I do I've been
asking you who I by the entire series I
don't know what more what was that here
we go here we go here we go here we go
all right and then oh that was amazing
that skill absolutely ruined his bum
hole it was Yaya tour√© as well look at
it let it drop Freddie and whoa whoa
Farsight oh oh yeah go on - OH
my ball my ball my my my come on we got
to destroy this guy that's true the best
was rested Oh what banging near post
bang it all right I met inside the mere
postman on the near post there you go
they go go go go run look at goon new
post you are so powerful that's that too
powerful stop hitting the gym oh no god
out oh my god that's fair that's fair
now that's fair I hit the post now you
hit the post is fair farside good good
what school here you go here we go
I'd play them at roof
yes yes it's good he's injured I don't
care you could go up into them you won
oh my how does that work I'm sorry man
whoever you are I'm sorry but I have to
sweat on it oh no oh no oh no oh no oh
my oh my
bang go that was an incredible dummy
halftime solid solid play three one up I
mean I think like win lose win lose or
whatever it is I don't know if that's
enough with a new put one out he's only
got one so potentially yeah we could do
this we could know
around go route didn't mean to do that
nope composite take wait wait pulse it
one more one more and then take a touch
out and then glad what I didn't mean to
fake shot wait it's kept on no I didn't
shoot I press I pressed a oh my god his
fucked up he's fucked up these fucked up
bad he is fight up so bad turn now right
go go go go go on gone gone come on this
is the end the game and the game em shit
across take touch up tips cut in take
gone fake shot and then oh the trouble
but somehow that's great oh is that was
that gradle the man himself max graders
made it 5-1 make it easier on yourself
mate go on George George George finish
the game bang 6 1 I mean the games
already over guys honestly you have no
idea how much I stress about these quick
no idea how much I stress about making
these episodes because I do not want to
go back to Division two
I've played five games I only have 6
points I need another eight to stay in
the division so I need three wins out of
the five so I can't lose win lose win
lose I have to win lose win lose wind
that made no sense but yeah that's all
for today I have about 11,000 coins let
me know who you want me to pie table
come one will be the one I choose say
yes watch it what am i right now
Oh
