125,000 coin packs the ultimate pack is
here I'll be the judge if its ultimate
or not a Kea the biggest packs they've
done yet I don't know if they're gonna
be good but a cruise I don't know what
team in the seasons even out at the
moment
if I get up low it's gonna be good
because it's the EAS fcz I think okay
yeah so everyone there is pretty much 90
ratings up like two players come on we
need to get some please give me a blue
if the blue we know it's a sick one add
blue nope check come on stop giving me
company I'm getting way too much how are
you gonna sit there they ultimate pain
if I'm not getting a blue ribbon come on
please please if that's company oh yeah
why come on come on please I got run out
of the other days well okay I'm not
taking anything is that blues guys it's
so late in FIFA now why would I want
anything Sat balloons or like Nigeria
players please please what is this we
just get wing Rooney it's not great is
it please can I have a blue I'm drinking
Mountain Dew because it runs Tevez great
ok Cavani I'm gay 85 86 is I know that's
a while and then form the floodgates
maybe opening now I feel like that
inform is just gonna open the floodgates
and now I've already got him like 7
times as a 92 rate blue or legend or
something almost drops controller ah why
I don't want CVG silly mates sunny mates
but still want you what's a blue I don't
want to Stevie G or the wonderful don't
pop with Stevie G or to bloom okay
agüero is like bit better than the
normal car that's better than an 86 blue
bar obviously isn't a I haven't heard JJ
scream yet so I don't know if he's got
anyone yet I don't think he has but
neither of we so you know what icon I
can't say anything right now this is
like the last chance of what we gonna
have this is technically better than a
hundred K back D Maria's alright no I
want a blue fuck he's got something JJ
has something guys J I just heard him
say finally he has something I don't
know what it is it might be rubbish but
I need to beat him please blue blue blue
blue blue blue blue blue blue blue blue
blue do you see that stop that stopped
let's stop for a second
I feel like that means something next
Pat you ready for this I'm sensing it
bullets shot bang no we get the G again
fuck fucking Stevie G I just can't be
bothered to do anything now in there
fort y 86 again okay that's what I said
that's for me I was about to quit til
eleven thousand left company I'm
honestly I'm gonna cry
it's horrible yes we finally got one
it's a Bobby yang victory rated Jose Oh
Robbie finally suck it JJ no way he's
not there by the way he's downstairs
that not he's physically he's out the
door down step not this is turn really
weird and I'm sorry I we're about
halfway through now and I've probably
already spent like 500 quid oh we get
another blue is a black that's fine now
this is there this is the flood gates
we're not gonna waste time now come on
two in a row that is two in a row I
think if we get like a Ronaldo or Messi
or something that's at the store a no
come on one more one more just do me one
more and I'll be really happy we get
another Luis get one more matter
and yes but I already got him an IT raid
I'll take it as a third blue and he's a
90 rated one ah here we go this is the
final little rush we're gonna do and we
need to get one more why am i bouncing
about come on one more ass Marcelo
Please Please Please Please Please
Please Please Please Please sonic boom
Sanchez
I've actually learned to like have an
educated guess at the player pretty
quick these days come on please please
Yaya touré is decent but I'm not going
to keep him because we already have
about 300 your tour is on my transfer
list a and a half thousand packs left I
think I'm just going to open these
points and then just go through my coins
see we can get something better than a
wing or any come on Jade you just got
someone I don't know who he caught but
JZ just got someone I need to get some
food table it's a black come on
got another poo and it's a black again
oh I remember the first one I got was
always a fami yang Barney I'm sick
I keep getting long I don't want along I
kind of want these packs to go I feel
very bad about my wallet and my future
family cocaine yes Boris I think we
rated Boris the mistake yours Oh Mike
his stats look at this 93 pace likes to
shot names to parts of meds for
dribbling no five-star skills so we'll
stop out Morris as well we got yes knife
is up to 93 to 89 and 90 oh he was gonna
stay back holy shit buzz ugly and Morris
in the same pack I did not even realize
I never get two good ones out of 93 and
an IT blue in the same pack I haven't
got a legend though was so long I could
use a legend as I Aidan has I've got you
but I'll put you on the chance for this
i I've got what five blooms but two of
them no six words to Black's to boss
daiquiris and Anna Bama yang and amorous
3ds and eighty-seven as long as it's
above an 86 I feel like I've done
something no keeping it honest but you
know you know
have another blue in a while and we get
a citizen please business if you could
get one above a 93 that would be Oh 95
golden 95 golden holy yeah okay okay
straight to the club anyone else anyone
else anyone else anyone else come on I'm
actually got another two in a pack
we didn't come on come on please a 95 to
date threes to 92 89th Joe Hardy state
before you know he's got clean hair at
least I think he just got this popper in
is Papa blue is he still blue cuz I
think I think I just heard the word
Pogba and as long as I can get another
blue it makes it all worth it for you
just for you you know this is this is
all for you 87 achieving something one
more blue and I will be ecstatic get the
Miranda we are reaching the end of this
pack opening its nearing its end - done
well regardless of what we get now we
still hampstead got you like three times
as well but regardless of what we get
from now on we've still done well I mean
I know I've got ones where I've got like
25 blues and a hack opening they're not
this good they're not like almost 90
rated or higher one more would just be
the little cherry on top that would be
perfect come on
the hunt is on it begins hope he gets
Schweinsteiger please play we got our
cell we got the bug item ingenious 94
rated art so mad come on one more
Danny that is the cherry on top he's
even wearing red to be a cherry but we
get one more little cherry to go on top
of that cherry maybe doesn't have to be
a red one maybe a white one like a
Ronaldo you know like to make it a
little bit of a messy topping that's
what we want we want a messy topic one
more blue and I can stop I these are my
last like three packs small packs maybe
if that yet another agüero probably
worth putting those new yeah we'll put
him on the chancellor list you've made
room for him where is he there he is
come on we've got to the last 5,000
packs I'm just still opening these last
see beat a van persie get one final blue
I don't know why I'm like I'm literally
just talking to myself right now I'm
guessing a lot of you aren't even
listening so I could say anything right
now monkey testicles come on monkey
testicles come on T Maria again one more
I keep getting steven gerrard and I'm
pissing me off now
Oh
end my suffering don't give me that
donut bullshit he's an even go into the
euros please please not looking and it
should be done now
oh my don't tell me how it is please
okay PK oh we've got two more packs off
of this if we don't get blue blue we got
to blow were one of the worst ones but
it's a legend I don't know I would just
run over my microphone we got a legend
de Bourgh he's so shit I said I won in a
legend we got a freakin legend aboah
that's made my day you know what I'm
done up these are my last two packs I'm
done what was that I was eight blues and
95 and 94 to 92 93 s I mean two 90s to
89 and a legend thank you guys for
watching this pack opening that was the
new pack ta released they are 125k packs
of course we enter the company you know
just why not thank CA right so that's it
thank you guys for watching have a good
day and see you and it turns out okay
people
so did you enjoy that welcome to the
jungle
