yo guys what's up and welcome to
something that I didn't know if I was
gonna do an OP but I thought why not
basically you guys know the other day we
played a Southampton Satmar Stadium
driving in a bother boring you is like
talking how it went because hopefully
I'm hoping you guys saw it if you didn't
I will leave a link to the live stream
that happened in the description below I
was gonna release a vlog that I did but
basically I vlogged the night at
beforehand because we went silent and
then and then we stayed the day and then
went and played the match but as soon as
we got the stadium I stopped blogging so
now I'm going to show you the star of
the vlog up till we got to the stadium
we're good this is out we're going on a
meal I'm very I'm kind of ill I'm like
some people actually tweeted saying is
the game off because me Josh Harry and
Toby are all ill but of course not no we
we are a little bit ill but you know
once we start running it will be fine so
yeah I'm gonna go to sports all right
now this is actually the day before the
game we had it Sports Direct now let me
drive down so hunt and later because we
need to get shit past that's why we
against was don't know we're driving
down and then tomorrow is the game he's
grown his hair so we can school headers
that's how prepared is that's so ball
just goes it's gonna be a mess right
Sports Direct let's go okay no I'm just
focusing you like this oh that's a
simple it is bad place on so that's a
bad place in it ugly
I'm buying Napa present because he
doesn't have boots so yeah yep these
will be on your feet tomorrow today yes
two days ago creepy on your feet your
feet yeah but on your feet just ruined a
special moment I would back I need to
get one or two videos done before we
leave
got my shin pads top man and got some
other stuff got the boots Annette I'm
gonna have a shower and then yeah get on
with the videos so that we can good
videos are done that we need I need to
do I need to do one more video for
Saturday but I'm gonna do that when I
get back now we just wait for Harry and
tobey's come here and then we're gonna
go get some food and then drive south
after I'm so excited my piri-piri is not
meant to be a collar
that is not a ripen lower memory 28 a.m.
right so we are in Southampton after
that nice little transition it is 2:00
a.m. we're gonna just meet the other
guys who drove up just chill in the bar
for like half hour just to relax after a
long drive and then we need to go to bed
because we need to wake up at like 11:00
a.m. I will probably see you guys in the
morning for the match should I do draw
if game - game day we're playing at
Southampton and the enemy is here I'm
calling you I can't see you
I've come to steal their Weetabix so
we've just gone and got a coaster we
literally just gonna get ready and then
go to the stadium to meet a lot of
people and get ready to play bubble
we've just arrived at the stadium and
I've been outside for a quite a while
and it turns out ok so did you enjoy
that welcome to the jungle we're in the
president's suite
Ethan's the happiest man alive because
yes look at this that is why I gave you
of you what ladies want to know it way
to Ethan's heart press I have this ok
all men know before we are
before we see anyone yet we decided
let's have a little look what will be
playing boom that starts the sidemen FC
right contrary to any primary to any
Simon si Thank You Toby oh no boo time
us
okay wait no wait a new picture
right so now we were at the stadium we
had already arrived we've got everything
sorted we had melt with some of the fans
that had come to say hi and then the
game started now what I'm going to be
doing today is kind of showing you my
highlights and you know a couple of
other things that change the game I know
you've probably seen them so if you
don't want to watch this understand and
you've probably clicked off by now but
this is actually the first time that I'm
looking back at the footage I have seen
some of it like on Twitter and
everything but this is the first time
I'm actually looking back at the
livestream so I'm gonna be seeing what
happened I so here we go we're going
into the game and this this was so like
this was the most nerve-wracking moment
we are headed out onto the pitch the
music has started we actually spent like
an extra like five minutes in there
going do we go out to eat there isn't
there's no minimum there's many music I
think I think there's gonna be me oh oh
there's the music oh oh we can we go now
no no it stopped again look at that time
look at the team I spent with the new or
not Marcus like look at Jamie Channel
ago series and Josh as well and where am
i what was either
oh no I've already started walking at
this point I did not see that though I
did not see that JJ and Willard did not
shake hands this is the moment I
realized it was real as well like
standing there looking at freezy and we
just could hear the noise like we didn't
know what to expect because obviously we
don't know whether it's gonna be a
typical football crowd or what I would
honestly say that was better than most
football guards I've been to and uh
freezy actually won the coin toss I
think so here he got to choose
they got kickoff then we had our little
huddle and no one was saying anything
all day Jamie there was just going like
you gotta get your hair cut boy JJ heck
are ya that's what we said that's
actually what we said and then we began
and this this literally the scream of
the crowd at that kickoff I was just
like you know what I'm gonna save some
energy i'ma just have a little jog do a
little running man challenge and then
Kris MD decided to become Leonor messy
and just ran through everyone and got
tripped up first it was it was like
Fairplay honestly my best player of the
day Chris MD it was incredible until
this happened
yeah
laughs wasn't it wasn't wasn't the best
I mean cue great Blake great Fairplay -
Hugh busy I think this was my first
touch of the game Hugh is he with a
bangin to hit up there and then okay I
didn't really go for that I kind of
pussy doubt that one but then this touch
look at that the touch and then
dribbling loo no Missy no lays it off
for Ethan Rinaldo and that shot was
banging it was so close he had scored
that Ethan would have gone down in
history right so this is why I actually
learned last time is how far I could
throw it on this pitch so I kind of just
went for that and I mean I don't know
what jail is really going for it was
decent it was a decent all right caused
a lot of panic just which JJ had a left
foot so he got a chance here from about
I know like 35 yards out 40 yards out
and honestly I don't know what I was
trying I don't know whether I was going
for gold or not but somewhat I mean I
think I kind of just went just put it in
I think I was aiming at Spencer of this
but I almost ended up scoring then of
course Marcus scored this goal and you
know what I'm giving it to Marcus I know
technically it's going off target and it
doesn't count then but I want Marcus to
get this goal
Marcus played well and I was trying to
get the balls because we actually plan
to do a celebration and that's why
that's why I was running with the ball
like this yeah Marcus was already on the
floor
so I wanted to do bowling but no one
balls a pin on the floor ready so I
didn't go so well
alright now this I am very proud of okay
because we did a video could the control
challenge it was like this look at it
that that touch that I can ignore this
thing on again dallisa focus back on the
touch then I don't really do anything
for a while you know I took a couple
throw ins miss controlled a couple
passes then this ball when sir I miss
control that had no idea how much time I
had and then just fluffed it I can't
believe I fluffed it it was so easy all
I to do was hit it on this like straight
with my foot but I put my foot like that
and he hits me here
bounces over there I think this is it I
think this is like the end of the half
right now he plays a ball down there to
me and then it's me V freezy the two
twins and it freezy goes in for it so
I'm just like nah me nah nah see you
Toby I see you Tommy boom there's a goal
that's a good I told me knew the
celebration we planned this in my queue
like two weeks ago three weeks ago or a
week ago and we were just like yeah
everyone everyone in the boat we're all
going for it everyone in until humans he
comes over and I felt so bad because he
ran the whole pitch of this as soon as
he sits down there everyone gets up then
I actually went straight off from this
yeah I went I went off I think Vic came
on and about six seconds later it was
halftime my touch is pretty off today
well not today that day I mean my
throwing seemed on point like I saw
Manny just sprinting and I was like yeah
just go for it son it was a little bit
too far out of bounce didn't didn't help
him it actually got injured a little bit
there and he's he's walking a little bit
gingerly little bit cap gun Thomas right
here comes the third goal we had a free
kick
Spencer is taking this freaky plays the
ball out to me I get a weird controlled
touch like to the side play out to
Marcus Marcus sees Manny Manny a bit
behind him tries a little roulette and
then pass it on freeze Lee gets so
unlucky there and then I'll bang it in
as I hit that right I hit it and fell
back so I was looking up at the sky and
then I just hear Bing and I was like no
look up and it was in that was the
moment I was like I I'm happy now you
know like it's gone well for me I'm good
the celebration just topped it off so at
this point I think the YouTube all-stars
a little bit depleted Manny plays a ball
through to me and he just keeps running
and I'll nutmeg Joe sugg right I mean if
we have a collab I'm bringing up play a
ball over just over freezy Manny bangs
in as I said Manny was incredible like
him and Toby unplayable I don't know
what happened if Chris had scored that
penalty earlier on cuz I honestly think
it's good that our heads would have gone
down a bit but yeah I'm so happy that
that will work because it was I mean
freezy the tool guy then we go a little
bit of a scripture
I came off for the next I thing like 15
minutes or so DMX great finish
great ball from herder a buffalo and or
George Benson and Jay makes of the goal
sorry about the shorts mate they're a
little bit short you had to wear a but
chip shorts for the day I'm just gonna
move on because it was yeah I know he
wasn't exactly happy about the shorts
Manny with a moment of genius I don't
well like stay on these ones too long
citizens like my video they can show you
their highlights but Manny genius
absolute genius and just you can tell
are these little reaction that I think
yeah I'm a move on imma let Manny talk
about his go when he wants to and then
we're back on with back now hue with the
ball in his hands and yeah I don't
really want to talk about disco either I
know you were like are you too many
girls but this gold spends afflictive on
it's maybe one defender sug and I just
took the shot early and I'm sorry calyx
alright I like that one he should have
saved a hundred percent it wasn't it
wasn't a nice finish I knew what I
wanted to do I wanted to do a Thierry
Ari incredible finish but more like a
David Dunn fall over your own feet and
somehow the ball goes in and then Mitch
Mitch keeps the ball on Beijing Canadian
plays about Joella scores a goal pulls
it back and then he runs off celebrating
wears it no one followed in vouchers of
his line for the first Senate kick we
had so I saw calyxes off his line so I
just went shall I shoot Marcus goes yeah
fuck it why not
Anna yeah that that is a all the stream
saw the stream just saw the ball in the
net no idea what happened I tried it at
the Wembley cop and it failed horribly
yeah absolutely horribly that was my hat
trick that that is why I got this I
can't I've ran and got the ball I was
like I am keeping this this is a magical
moment I got a hat-trick Patrick ball
and at this point I even said love you
mum but you know that I don't think she
heard I was so happy and I actually
found a video or mum found actually a
video from the crowd so one of you
actually recorded this yeah this is
another angle of it and I know a lot of
people Bosman I did I pay
Alex and stuff but no like no definitely
not I don't think I could ever do that
again so next year
No before you start saying it like I'll
score another one I could never do that
and I think for the rest of the game you
know I don't think there was another
goal there's quite a few chances
Ethan getting taken out the NH missed
another penalty as well and then at this
point the ref gave a gold kick for the
very last kick of the game and even said
to us let everyone come over here I can
see people are coming onto the pitch get
ready to run alright so I told like
nepos I quit Nick come in come in so
yeah we can see people you know getting
ready so as soon as this is over it's
done so yeah then the ref blows the
whistle it's full time I know it's
jayjay drops the ball and I'm actually
running off so is everyone running into
the tunnel I know is a turnaround see
the ball over there I'm like that's my
ball I'm having that so run after it and
I'm racing against one of you guys we
both run I get there first pick the ball
up leg it in and then the swarm begins
people are flooding in every direction
and I don't know I I kind of want to
know what everyone's intentions were cuz
everyone kind of just ran out they kind
of just stood there they're gonna just
like like sprint on like your eyes now
what now the initial plan was we all
come back out with a little ceremony we
hand over the cheque to the charities
then we lift the trophy and everything
like that obviously because of the
picture mission is a little harder they
only allowed a couple of us out and Josh
and Vik were there so they went out
Julia presented the trophy to them they
lifted it and now at the end I didn't
hang around afterwards for a couple
hours and just tried me as many u-thor
out that outside the stadium as possible
but yeah that was actually one of the
best days of my life and I want to thank
all of you so much for that because
obviously we can do it unless you guys
supported us you know came and watched
everything watch the livestream it was
all Chad's you remember so be sure to
check out special effect and Saints
foundation if you do want us to do
another one next year as well let us
know I mean we we wanted we want to buy
if there is anything that you would
change art we thought about it and I got
a bit of feedback about why I would
change what you would change rather
we'll take all that into account and if
you do want us to do another one
there is no chance in hell that you were
stopping us so yeah thank you guys for
making everything possible thank you
guys for supporting such great cause
I'll leave links to the donations down
below that you can you can go donate
yourselves yeah thank you guys for
watching this and see
