yo guys welcome back to the very best it
has been a while and the last top
comment was to buy plug but now my
question for you is how many coins do
you think I have I have about fourteen
thousand okay and I can't afford it last
time we got promoted into division 1
then we've won our first game as well so
today if we play our - we win both we're
on 9 points in three games like we are
on course to win the title saying now if
we lose both wrong cause relegation the
French team are up first and yeah let's
just see if we can win I don't sound
hopeful do I where you got the knee it's
an all right team I mean it's good
I faced better oh no that means he's
probably good let's go guys just cuz he
play ideas playing on the back slow slow
no halfway line goes ah oh there's gonna
be a lot of references to this sanyo
whips a bollard gribble bow or first
chance of the game goes to Simon what
the fuck just happened what was that
header oh my god Griezmann Griezmann
I've absolutely fluffed it but scored
anyway somehow I took so long for some
reason here but I add that me I mean
that's good I'm winning division won't
even come what's going on with my voice
today Oh bollocks
there we go ah that's straight from
kickoff as well why does that always
happen
Matuidi turns in plays the vid what's up
oh oh oh my please please please put
like
perfect nice nice bang right what how go
play it go play it go buy it go go go
my Bravin boom the boss didn't - oh my
god oh oh my oh no no no yeah I I didn't
panic Oh
on those 45th minute look see how that
passes good+ do it hear it alright
that's it that's hard time I mean I
actually could be winning this I don't
really feel like I should be but I could
be come on
second half this is my heart I have a
chance but oh he's moved his keeper
isn't it keeper across but you know that
means it takes them longer to get out
for the role no it doesn't nevermind oh
oh my god I actually tackled him as role
look just then and and then there as
well come on please be outside please go
outside
alright and then and then and then fit
us
no it's keep you boys keep her out a
very good and Matt why are you pausing
it I hate playing this if I'm losing
Benzema Benzema breath breath wait wait
wait
Oh Kalama free-kick please I'd rather a
free-kick than a corner because I never
ever ever score corners we don't have
anything on we don't have anything on no
I've crossed it what you took so long
come on George George best ball corner
please please get off leave it off okay
wait wait why you don't go no one my
flat this is good this is good this is
very very good
you know about post bar this kid was
gonna send alarms cause he's gonna pass
it 90th minute Hey oh don't you have a
free kick this is such bullshit you know
what if I can do it so can I
I mean the camera coy about the same as
our match to be fair well it looks like
when I went to the title again I don't
know how I ended 3-1 but it did that's
what we can do now is move on is there
any post in the best position because we
can only lose two games max are we got
the BPL team or we are gonna be facing a
French team always one person ruining it
come on guys the scale win today don't
get two losses today blame it go go go
go George come on come on come on here
we go this could be it let's give it
wait wait wait no what's his that stone
told me he's good a free-kick
pass these past it wait person down what
does allows a really good nor good shot
but I was a really good pool come on
silver silver
you know I've strength me up something
fake my car no score crosses everyone is
just fallen over ever oh my god go go go
go go go go go go go go we can plea get
counter-attack here gone playing far
side
what why are you falling oh oh my god I
thought I was going to go to the other I
kick you know where it's kind of work
it's kind of work but never mind my
player ran away come on George run run I
can't get that final ball through ready
I've got two here look and then and then
yeah just ah the bounce little alert
fine a bullfighter walk wait wait where
are you have a vital ball
I'll be strong I'll just see I can
actually do the final ball there I had
to I had to rely on this defender
mucking up come again another before
halftime
that's the question that if it that is
the question we might be able to it does
a good poke it's Naga ball it's a it's
an almost Oh ice almost one time again
dead game so dead but I'll take their
games if I win oh he's man heed me
he-man heed me and now I've given away a
pen oh I meant to start like come on
please you busy and go
Huber's eagle but pies ah BAE goes on to
win this as well like three one exactly
the same as last time
wow wow that ball that ball was
incredible whoever did this ball as
ridiculous where's my defense what does
our that's a girl isn't it where the
fuck was my defense
hey I'll keepers take so long to run
back they kind of run out they've run ok
don't watch the replay it's cool right
my defense just literally disappeared
there
what the fuck just happened
you don't know how much I want to sell
check right now how does that happen my
nipples smash how is he saving that I
think I'd actually take a draw at this
point one double bully oh that is a
shirt what was that I mean we may as
well try one of these
Oh get off go okay well not what is it
was north side we have seven minutes
again and I'm a gold down this is
exactly what happened last time
oh my oh my check is awful check it off
when as I said I was one gold down the
seven minutes left of any schools ah
why have I lost two today I can't
believe I've actually gone and lost two
games today hello hello hello
wait a second is he not playing no he's
playing he's playing Oh Jake you
actually decided to turn up for that
there it is we've lost two games today
and now we're fighting for relegation oh
why why is it as you once don't never go
let me know I could buy it I only have
15,000 coins okay not 17 hey guys
watching and see you Rufio again another
92 great I'd add absence and a decline
before to bruiser to bat that one was
actually worth it to glue in a pack one
of them being 92 rated one of them a
drop before can we can we recreate it
please leo long 87 minutes why do I do
this arms I've gone under 24,000 feet
points guys so you know what we're gonna
just do it you know what
