dude I'm doing it out let's go
come on back come on hi I'm gonna do it
down Jerris we go so this right yeah
can't wait can't wait
hi I'm eggshell do put the livestream up
oh yeah actually I'll do it lay out
there and done the livestreams done the
livestream what's not done it's just
starting the livestream is starting now
or like in I don't know there's a time
it does you can click on the link in the
description below click that that is
going to be the sidemen charity football
match V YouTube all-stars please come
watch it please come support the sidemen
don't support youtube all-stars alright
I know they've got like weather and
frizzy and all that LA but you don't
need sport I'm used to putting the chat
SDM NFC to wit the link is down there as
I've said it's also just there and it's
also just there and now it's here and it
keeps moving I'm sorry especially as I'm
the one editing this but come support it
support us and support the charities as
amazing causes a special effect in
Saints foundation hopefully will be a
great day and I don't it depends when
you're watching this video obviously but
the livestream is starting it I think by
45 or 6 p.m. on Friday the 3rd of June
so come watch now I'm gonna go I've
actually gone something like pretty much
as soon as I've edited this video so
yeah see you there so you're on the lash
I'm gonna look straight on the camera
lens and be like this I know you're
watching yeah you came from my video see
ya come check it out thank you guys for
watching click the link in the
description below and see you
