yo guys and welcome to probably one of
the last pack openings I do on this FIFA
maybe maybe maybe this is because team
of the season this is the last team of
the season us out until next week which
is the EAS FC team and it sees early but
that's only like the best player so this
is the final team of the season it is
actually a team legal US Syria Turkish
league and something else I don't know
what illness all impacts right now I am
on the store just waiting because
apparently there might be 100 K packs no
one knows at the moment based on the
last couple weeks it's very likely now
yesterday I was opening some packs I
didn't record it I was just sitting
there just opening them and I got a lot
of Blues so I'm literally just hoping
for the top rated ones there we go from
my backs and there there we go 100k
packs bum we in here we go first pack
we're gonna open a lot of these because
we have a lot of fights
okay that's new kagu 15,000 that's how
much I get for a normal pack hi here we
go these are gonna go quite slow I
actually record now I can they'll slow
down in the middle Hulk no Lucas is that
Nasri these are awful
no even 250 of dunya and I'm really open
about five unopened literally like but a
fifth of the packs that are opened come
on give me the Cruces 87 oh there we go
we have a go m8 Angie we could be
opening these for a while I might as
well sit back and relax
oh oh ah roofie at 92 ratings nothin
it's a 92 rated I've already got him as
I said I've pretty much got all of them
so I only want the height like he is
very high rated oh yes oh okay I'm sit
see I've already got you as well Oh two
blues and a black and that's the other
league helis league I think it's Russ
the world for the tunas and the titty Oh
first thousand down
we get another blower this one our good
yeah I have got care haven't I
I have I haven't got care well no I go
I'm in a draft that blues thus types of
rolling now gonna get back to back blue
back to back blue come on I'm closing my
eyes three two one
yep no it's a Marcello C's decent player
oh it for oh we got someone else 24 I
think that might be an informative
season it's a table a season annoying
that one was actually a decent time when
the blue plus a deployed plus seven
hours it's alright it's better than
getting just Pepe on his own or even
2,000 pounds of Chania not even okay a
bro is good I'll take it at grow hand
Coulibaly another flower I haven't got
we'll take a Coulibaly my last pack
actually been two packs ago the last
pack was definitely worse than that come
on give me another blue give me another
one
oh there's another blow these so
we're not gonna talk about em for long I
just want a high rating blue or a legend
Please Please Please Please Please
Please Please baby
oh okay we'll take a bell as well with
no he's not really what I wanted but
he's good enough why I do it let's go no
Santi okay man Golan hadn't got you
before had I know 89 raisin Angolan that
is a good one the problem is EA know
that I'm gonna keep buying packs like
I've just got more points for this and
they know I'm gonna do it they know that
I am getting continuously buy packs
until I get a good better player I'm
tipsy again honestly I'm going to show
you something in a second that'll make
you sick my my
here we go look alright so it starts
here bang bang bang bang bang bang bang
bang there's like three have six levels
look around look about phase which is
why you'd be one of the higher rated
ones or something like new like a legend
oh why I've already got you before as
well I will care of is like an 88 rated
one unless it's freaking game up support
in like nineteen times but I'm
salla 87 rated it's good enough City B
and kochiya both absolutely wank but you
know they're both bloom I said adding
onto an apartment there we go right
point I'm gonna go for impact and
this'll only take us halfway I can't I
can't keep doing this I've literally
spent so much of these it's it's going
it's going it's in that midsection where
it's going bad again I actually will be
able to buy one more with Quentin still
have million points come on please
please please
Rufio again another 92 rate I'd
adduction Santana claim before to Blues
at a bat that one was actually worth it
to lose in a pack one of them being 92
rated one of them and got four can we
can we recreate it please leo
I'm 87 minutes why do I do this arms
I've gone under 24,000 feet points guys
so you know what we're gonna just do it
you know what this is the last pack
opening I said I'm gonna do for a while
so why not just come on make it worth it
for me I don't want a guy to keep seeing
packs where people are getting like
three blues or legend and two blues I
haven't had any of that this team of the
season I've had two blues Mac something
I don't think I've even had three or not
even two in an in-form and now we're now
go we got a Ronaldo though I will figure
it out oh oh okay a Ronaldo are two blue
a Ronaldo and a blue oh yeah now don't
enough in er no it's okay that that
one's worth it that pack is 1 billion
percent worth it oh ok I'm happy now I'm
happy I mean a legend would top it off
for like a high rated blue but we're
covering out oh that's a ham stick 90
rated good enough as I said though guys
I've got all of these ones but I've got
a ham stick I've already caught for now
though I'm not I'm not saying that's bad
I'm not saying that I'm not grateful I
am very grateful that I just go Ronaldo
and a hamster but you know what like I
could do with a legend no we've already
got you we've already got you toes out
please I really really thought I'd get a
legend today you know
eighty-eight Raven rubbish we haven't
got you before kind of wish I didn't
looking at you I woke up and I looked in
the mirror I went Simon you're going to
get a lizard today what you're going
you're not to make out alarm you got two
in the back to that haven't got sweat
Asya cook and drug lau you pack good
Peggy it well sounds good I'll give you
that one but please can I get a legend
oh don't want a willy and we get it yay
my what did I say to you guys I said as
long as it's not in yay my bad bad your
door Oh every time I think it's like a
zit yeah another blue no yes yes we
actually got like I said this dog goes
oh my god you been yet uh and Topo
in a pack so we've literally got five
packs left after these five we are done
okay no matter what we get two in a row
that's two in a row we've already got
you and an in-form
and and done yeah that's what I will be
after this pack ugly ah there's still
2000 packs left I really want to carry
on but I can't I can't do this to myself
I can't do this to my future family then
they're just not gonna have anything Oh
Kate gun all right so thank you guys for
watching I am done for today this has
been another pack opening one of the
last ones for ages so check there better
be fluent
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the pack
opening if you have enjoyed teeming
season there might be one more really
they know I believe it they know I won't
stop until I get a blue come on
oh my god uh till they can still be one
in here but there's not but it's still
wow thank you guys for watching and
enjoy the rest of your day that is going
on new oh my god how is this happening
how is uncle so many Blues the second
I'm about to end it I can't get blue
please thank you thank you a tow a tow
you legend as well as a sick one as well
so is mine I'm done thank you guys
watching have a good day see you this is
gonna be harder than I thought
left mid come on this needs to be a 3y
let's go just Pedro please give me some
cereal players Oh a legal plan that
works we'll take the dr over the Matsui
D obviously I mean it's not the worst
star I've got I've got all I can sense
we are we have to say like as that is
the only legal player or cereal really
are we gonna take a toss see like us
that wall
