yo guys what's going on a welcome to
another drought today's draft is only
including legal and Syria now this
doesn't mean that there's gonna be a lot
of upset people as soon as a Renaldo
comes up like oh no but we are only
choosing players from those leagues
we're gonna try and build a hybrid or
one team just from one of those leagues
and then with the draft with that team
so here we go guys I'm not going for
racing we don't need to work to you know
one with the winger's and stuff so what
make sure I kind of like is a 4-4-2
caps in time a team of the season
ibrahimovic please Buffon okay as I said
we are going for those leaks so we have
to go for Buffon over the Renaldo as I
said I can predict the future who for an
AI Center back here we go come on as the
Aventis okay of events all orb to cwe's
has a team this season I'm to the
instant you know what no no you know
what let's go to but a Caesar this could
mess me up a little bit but I'm gonna
take the team of the season if I can if
they're the right league uh chalets and
looks like the right side is legal and
the left side might be silly yeah no
there's no leaguer there or cereal you
so we may as well take a hawk that I
have to I'll take a team of the season
Oh CDM come on legal illegal and legal
oh that's not good hi straigt sure but I
will not build a Liga BBVA squad
Basharat oh please that mean we have a
league oh that's that's fine we don't
wanna use them we want to use the
adventures player
what is this is all for no way and Saudi
has it's even a Cesar will take over
Pascal it's gonna be harder than I
thought left mid come on this needs to
be a three yeah
let's go just Pedro please give me some
Syria players Oh a legal player that
works
we'll take the dr over the Matsui D
obviously I mean it's not the worst star
I'm caught I'm gonna come all I can
sense we are we have to say like as that
is the only legal player or Siri Apple
really are we gonna take a toffee
lacquer set welcome to the squad who is
our final player top eleven big way ah
no I have to choose it backup goalkeeper
needs to be legal legal legal legal
illegal okay I may have to taking my dad
over you know I know he's steaming
season but I already have a Syria player
I need to set it back and a left back oh
there we go there we go Balzac Li Hao
would just use the left mid and a set of
it but the tip might not be amazing but
it's at least it's at least in the right
leagues all Thiago Silva legal left near
does the hoot good eye from the cigar
ah what do we do Eric sir Mike Gesell
Gaitan yeah guy tankers he linked at
least what else are we gonna get we need
a centimeter Center Midwood oh
ah ha ground up regular season as well
now we just need a leverage that's it
all we need is the left mid and we are
goods that is Syria we got left wing we
need a right mid I didn't even cook we
need a right lid score I'll take kazar
one we need a right mid and a left mid
badly right and a left with right 11
right and left it right back into or
oh we are sorted now DeMaria common and
we actually answer it we still be left
mid realistically I don't want to use
those who are read probably last player
and we get oh yes he said right let me
see what I can do with this squad and uh
bang the team has done to our best of
our abilities you know it's right take a
look see there you go we have a whole we
have a sewer I would play the song but I
kind of decide to know what as it is t
bilities much funny politically the
season over and it fall it's a decent
team a pop of that left back but how
will it fare in the draw first game and
we are playing SDM n beasts they were
playing SDM MB sleds we I don't know who
you are you may be watching this video
if you are let me win though right
though that doesn't make any sense
because they've already finished the
video let's see how we can do in this
tournament I are there let's play slow
play slow we've got a good team one more
warm up wait wait all that all wait I
have a team of the season like I said
right where you have our side come on
like a set your team what the season
then post wise you team the season
mainly so little gum free it's quite
crowded but into the area take a touch
bang oh no it could be injured wait no
it's not his place is just never mind
nope
my brain just tackled me like as that
loggers that good go on look at that a
bit selfish but that's why Stephen a
season-low little man little goals that
don't make any sense I'm actually kind
of feeling the draft you know I'm kind
of Bo please Bo please Bo please I'm
getting there anyways man okay go go go
this could be it this could be the
chance I needed right no no I didn't
mean to do I meant to do it the other
way okay kind of what kind of work there
you go take a Dutch football that's a
foul go on bang it go up up a Moose's
wall oh wait wait every war ii know i
like a thing you can just throw your
file okay i'll shuara lays it on what
one more okay that kind of what that
works that one way better than I've
wanted it so I see wants go out why done
probably with a Miss one more we could
get one more gone go on Deema real wait
there you go it turned out then shot oh
wait wait plus it wait no wait why is he
faster here those are completely open
guy in the middle we have to store
this guy I'm sorry he is SD mm beats you
know SD MN is it's all cool and
everything but there can only be one
piece today DeMaria you know with the
pace with the place he's bright uh what
people's keep her out far last one
causing such like a sad oh now we're
safe now we are 100% safe because these
boys keep her all the way out and
there's three Neil I think he's just
wait until the game ends is this it is
this the end of s demon beast is it it
is sorry I'm sorry man I'm sorry
Heyman forgot me at Hulk right let's go
into the second game now what are we
gonna face in the second round Olli
sugar there's so many blues there's no
chemistry those are 69 the Sun but that
team is mad right let's see how he plays
how does he know yes yes OSHA wari yes
nice I'm actually kind of worried that I
might be heading out in the second round
you know tackle him please what sorry
when did in the SL a rocket for a
 gone pop but just have a bang
actually wait wait wait there's still
time there's still time oh no cokes gone
missing short great tackle right we are
we are under the cost right now there's
the right phrase right come on like I
said wait and then turning and then you
know what no I
oh my god Wow Wow and it's just love to
shoot with it oh my oh my oh my that's
okay that's fair now I hit the post or
the bar whichever one oh how am I gonna
win this game how the hell am I gonna
win game I midfield is a bit lackluster
right now main tackle Webster tackle
where the hell was the tackle Buffon
you're playing well but how long kaboom
form realistically hold me in this game
cool no
let golden already it's only time until
you've Lexington the hallways look
custom tactics get rid there you go
there you go let's go anyway
run run where do we go from here okay
lay it back play it slow play it slow
slow slow
Tommy alright Egwene right that wasn't
blocking everything leymebamba one more
good god who's that
Reynaldo boom I'm getting a little bit
destroyed I mean to be fair I was
getting destroyed at the start now it's
kind of even but I don't know how I'm
gonna score don't tell me this guy's
gonna be some mad expert get rid get rid
get rid o Buffon has actually saved me
so many times this game there you go
sleepies oooh see you through take a
touch big wave
bang there we go that's how we're gonna
score a fire flame and go through the
loop to touch like a set bang little one
up in a Mauro seconds we have just
stolen the lead yeah nice then pass it
in one more gone limit wait that's not
really where I wanted it but like is
that mom do I need to just learn to
shoot a bit more gone Oh sugar
Oh oh good gosh sugar sugar sugar honey
I state I miss Gordon Gordon give us the
lucky bounces that happened just then a
wiffle ball in there we go there we go
to Papa Babar good effort Edward I can't
deal with this pressure we only have 20
minutes left
oh my god go dude just walk around my
defense Godin just made it through and
scored that are you serious
golden how is this Golding at a school
from there oh my god you guys wear these
I can go in job before you heroes it no
no don't let him up shots turn mmm jobs
get rid hit go puss puss go go go wait
leave off limb off then back out back in
okay shake it all about
go on eat Wayne hit Wayne wait no we're
way way we can still are
giving full time we actually go next
time he destroyed me again towards the
end but you know what we need to make a
change i'll shuara I'm sorry you're
doing well but hope is just a bit better
go on Dima real do Maria lay back the
ticket touch Bank
how does he broke everything equating
has leaves do Maria please please turn
it right make sure Oh live back bang yes
yes like I said three two come on Simon
I can do this right that should be hard
there's to half time okay we've got half
time but we are one goal up and I'm not
comfortable at all I'm so tempted to
just be a massive douche and just pass
it around the back but I can't do that
there is literally eight minutes left
Hulk you have full stamina your full
stamina no no I didn't do that I
literally thought I was gonna be a
Mickey DS P power side Farsight talk
about you little poo if you don't pass
that part of that okay you know what d
Maria de Maria you know what we're gonna
take a little bit of time to do this
there we go there we go we can we can
still have an attack but bang why did I
not take a touch I'm so stupid
oh no no daddy Ava's way Brock he has a
corn in the hundred and twentieth minute
of these scores we are going to peddle
these is keep us up he's crossed hidden
he's confident get rid okay wait is the
good shot film Oh charts okay attacking
no no no no wait wait
I can just make the stack they can no
done we did it and time waste bang in
the game is oh we are through to
the semi-final that log game was a bit
of a struggle give me through the bag
it's right and go here we go here we go
you know what bah bah
good effort he's got move on as well
good at name was the guy in the middle
aim for Pogba he hasn't got it but OSHA
War II has OSHA wari has and he's been
fouled is that foul no he hasn't
ok we need to get into the time back
yeah we all know where he's going we all
know okay I didn't actually split across
that but close him down so down here we
go both of us made it
wait wait buh buh what I honestly that
just kept powering up you have no reason
to believe me and I don't expect you to
but honestly that is what happens don't
know why Frank no no no no no not in my
house I honestly think if I managed to
somehow win this game it's not gonna be
by much Oh God
Oh God ah I'm getting lucky today
no I'm not ok I am I am finding it very
hard to get past me so I may just have
to rely on one of these kind of goals
you know like so pusing and then a back
that was very close there it is halftime
nil nil this is a tough game you can see
that about a but no one's had like that
many shots here we go this is some nice
movement that we got like a set with a
McQuaid Oh cliff over the week
earthquake where's Matty oh my god
that's an incredible ball baboon ones
there again honestly how the hell am I
going to get past this last line of
defense wait wait go on that that was an
awesome display ready veneer it Metheny
Oh turns out like a set like a set go on
go on wait a second wait a second and
then turn wait wait no no no no where do
we go right to gateways plastic uh spot
across wait okay you know what
black is that ball Oh you need to put
your body on the line there there's only
five minutes left and where it's Neil
Neil this is it last chance this is it
contact out pick up Bobo how Buffon is
actually a mastermind in goal that
should have been a goal what
oh sit there then it's all done
please bang no no no no no no no I go on
wait wait
yes he's blowing the whistle thank God
another game with extra time we're gonna
do it again hope you're coming on left
mid okay extra time and straight into
the goal
Wow I was very easy for him how the hell
was he just done that it's like he's
just decided you know what I'm actually
gonna start playing now I wanna play men
go on take a touch DeMaria bang - what
do I mean I was gonna say - all but is
one oh this is the game that decides
whether we even get to the final
halftime and we are 15 minutes away from
penalties but aside by the way you get
to go down below we go to the final Oh
y-you know what right now I don't even
know what I would take whether I would
want penalties or not but um I mean
hopefully hopefully I can find out soon
soon what is that place wait I didn't
mean to actually shoot like I said like
I said like is it like a bit Byblos
you're completely free listen up a
goatee Mario oh my that was it that was
that was the difference between me go
into penalties well not that that's
gonna be it nothing he's just blue
Felicia seems me the last second oh no
oh no oh no no no no no this semi
frickin fine hundred 21st minute and
Neymar does that you have royally pissed
me off mate and I'm sorry I'm sorry for
my French but well that's the draft we
could have won that game now we go get
our prize will mean screw it we may as
well open it we're not going to get
anything you never do in the draft packs
anyway so
Griezmann where you got for me bang we
get ball ended so
then we get a jumbo premium which is
seven rares 24 cards and we get this
waiving a player on the front we get
bang dab no odorous but that's all for
today thank you guys for watching I'm
sorry I couldn't win it yet again and
see it yes ok we got one we got one back
we have 15 minutes left it's ok it's not
a good team on your team of the season
lack is there ah that was so close okay
we got corner from it I see Ypres I see
Brad Santiago Silver's at the past squad
bang on you're kissing me
you're pissing me off actually you
actually
