hi there if you didn't know recently
I've done a few pack openings the other
day there was some Syria pecs and there
was some legal packs
I packed quite a few so if you didn't
know that firstly what they'll for
second lis there is a legal team of the
season come there was a serial one but
it just went I'm going to be trying this
you have to have a whole team and subs
of legal players
hence this bad boy team oh look at that
we have packed every single one of these
team of the seasons is that like that
which we bought but anyway we pack these
ones down here as well may as well add
and game it to it as well so we are
going into the tournament not to see if
we can win we're going in this
tournament to win oh yeah we also get to
disease and on Ilan's if we win
let's see your league pooty may haha
yeah well that's what I thought no
ticket of seasons there is the be easy I
about I said this busy hang about hang
about I what I coffee Simon is dead we
are struggling how was happening hang on
for this ferrati why you not screwing
that be his matter any chance for
someone like is that come on just have a
shot have a shot please come I score if
I could get one I know that momentum
will change and I could get another this
is like last chance before the end of
the half and my swell wakes up come on
Mac sauce on the lower one gonna pop it
in and then shoot chimp just right we
got one back we got one ebrill come on
give me the ball or end a half do
finally does it no like I deserve to be
losing where are you Ypres where are you
is that a bra no wait what ref is
literally just oh okay to knock your
file for him okay where's
where's the team Ebro that's naughty
brah oh mrs. keeper come on come on come
on yes like is it gone
like I said no way should have passed
issue Matt do not wide y'see oh here we
go here we go wait Tim hurry up breath
then just really got the pin okay we
have to score though Ebro you have to
score this please okay you know what
we've gone two gone
top right please though yours we're back
to all should make him watch all the
replays he does that for me
but you know what I'm not that guy keeps
going up Liam off Liam off take a touch
for PTO Oh what the finish the video
there you know what there we go
that's right that's right you ate you
were watching all of these replays I
don't know why I'm doing this but I'm
actually gonna cross it
libras crossed it in and wait Thiago
Silva
Thiago Silva that a bank oh what a bang
what like I said bangs one yeah you've
lost 4-2
ah that was pretty hard for a first game
straight into the second round and he
has a Leeds badge and a lead kit that
yes purchasing hang about anger frickin
bow where does my defence go whenever
that happens
big attack this goalkeepers here we
go here we go for nada Wang why I
literally tap that so lightly smashed it
harder than I just smashed him no the
fact is I still need a goal pretty badly
and you know what you know what turn out
nice night no your soul not agile now he
has a ridiculous counter-attack a
ridiculous and there's a goal and whoa
whoa I missed it although saying that
there's still time for a goal there we
go to noon I haven't even had a short
target and he's just scored again we
actually have to score like these
seconds did get us bang bang pen please
Howard how was I not pass back or
something please please please please
please please please finish that yes
okay we got one we got one back we have
15 minutes left it's okay it's not a
good team come on your team of seasoned
lacquers there ah that was so close okay
we got corn from it I see Ypres I see
France that's younger Silver's let the
past squad
bang are you kissing me you're pissing
me off actually you actually pissed me
off y'all go silver enjoy if you don't
score back if you don't I'm not going to
win this game like is that you'll throw
your team in a season like is it if you
don't score this I don't have hope for
anyone
I doubt hope for anyone
one I'm finally winning headers and I'm
not scoring or maximize keep us out it
give us out
you just off there we go luck it's at
one nil who's team isn't good enough for
this tournament that's a goal that's the
goal there's two there's two nil come on
run Silva run bang big touches all right
Bernardo this is Bernardo nose nose okay
but daddy
there you go there you go a wider touch
and joy and I II like as there please
and through six illan he brought water
frickin step we part you can't deny good
safe when you see one oh no oh no he's
got a goal he's go go back though boy
5th minute that doesn't count
I don't think I'll be able to get one
before half-time
will I no wait wait wait wait if I can't
act note that's it hard time with two
one up though and we don't seem to be
able to much pressure he broke come on
we just need one more goal one more one
more
yes yes done done three one and it's it
game now one more goal to end it all one
that sounds like Lord of the Rings oh no
oh no great block although I may have
taken out my own teammate but you know
what it was a is a risk I had to take
stop we know what we all know where
you're going oh we got a little bubble
that works but come on we we could get
counter-attack that's a great book
they're great and there you go there you
go and first time oh you're just pretty
slow out you did get in yeah back there
we go finally another goal come on for
video the video you're to be a suitor
for me do he's got a decent shot in the
final chance Ibrahimovic Ibrahimovic
Ebro Libre
Oh bang go six one there it is we are
into the second round where you got for
me will you got for me show me your
theme everyone has pretty much same team
some people can afford the TV team some
cars need to get through this round we
need to get to the semis minimum come on
enjoy good with your place the power the
base the power Oh Oh No oh god oh god
past all a great save roofie yeah that's
why your team in a season oh no don't be
that guy don't be that guy
come on tobe that guy don't be that guy
oh he's being that guy instead that's
almost as bad that guy's just as bad
please please please like a set please
right you know what we're making sure
we're making sure we are making score
far side good come on the doy come on
mate right you know what turning turn
I'm back out and then back across and
again why do I struggle so much what a
one okay
he hasn't marked on that pass I have to
pass it okay
I'm really sleepy happy right DeMaria
you like you can't like that close
oh you can't not mark that half time to
nail up we're going to do well I mean it
don't deserve to be to nil up maybe on
stats no no don't let me shoot dalam go
oh oh come on Bernard oh come on mate
come on mate go get christened wait no
no no holy apparent sauce got me there
you go enjoy plays them in luck is it
like a good blame it again okay luck as
there is not one for passing but what if
get in front of him from Maxwell Cross
canny crumb who
we're never going to find out because we
gonna play it in DeMaria who has a
horrible touch but he still has a ball
bang it's a go oh yeah I brought the
senior one pass it across and take a
touch and boy thank you
right you had to do something good three
nail I should wrap the game off about
now can be bro finish off the score
sheet with an amazing free kick tipped
onto the post there it is written to the
semi-final I think semi-final where is
it a semi-final with Stein Yama Tino and
I also realized that de Maria should be
a left hand on left winger so he is now
a left with right wire you god is gonna
be a team if there's no tumor the
seasons couple informs we made it to the
semis that's what we wanted you know
will I even if we lose this we've done
well I don't know what I'm saying I want
to lose I'm just saying we tweak that
was bad come here you little pen get up
walk whoa whoa whoa oh no oh no oh no no
no close him so close it down and I'm
missing running it him no one moving we
definitely have our hardest game right
now gone flick it away and then take a
touch I'm for this wobble you eat this
big asses in the way not that I know
it's big and I've been looking but you
know Gordy bro hey brah boom Wow here we
go like a set team in a season he
doesn't always score those we are
struggling to get past this defense no
company players he has nothing
oh wait wait first time cross the street
keep again Oh blaze so many boring
people today there we go here we go
y'all live off and then like I said you
know what big big bubbles there's such
there's no way I'll just bang
why is he that far back here we go yo yo
Boris no video is Bernard's Weber's name
is and there's hard time
this guy's a boring player 45% just in
his verge he's not get frustrated Simon
do not let him play the game that he is
trying to play I know what he's trying
to do we all know what he's trying to do
ah honestly guys I want to put some
highlights of this game but there aren't
any
and then he has one chance and let me
guess yep D score well he hasn't scored
it good that's a friend that's a foul
thank God he didn't score ah that would
have been ridiculous Oh
I just got really freaking angering me
now this is this is ridiculous and I
know I know that's the point is he's
trying to get me angry but how is he
enjoying himself right now
this is it as well this is our 90th
minute chance this is the last chance we
have in a tie back out turn up and go
please get off no oh my god it's over
that's the chart that's it we're going
it's extra time on the most boring game
I think I've ever played in my life
Glenn font-size there you go there you
go please why why is this such a blood
pool so easy you like let me run down
the wing it's kind of weird
30 literally just lets you run I need
ebrill to step up and score one that's
not why the couch is in the person so
far oh oh oh wait wait you know what
bang-won oh good effort good strike sit
halftime of this as well we're actually
going to go out penalties I can see it
this is so boring
bringing Lucas on for luck is there I
know that doesn't make any sense
and just good pace everyone else is dead
This Is It this is the final chapter of
it driving that not win it win but oh my
god oh my god no no no no no no no no no
no no yes Rufio
thank you for extend-o-arms that's it
we're going to penalties that was his
last chance when he went for a chip I'm
so bad at penalties come on please
please please on top left for this one
Bank and safety I told you I'm so bad at
them I don't know where to go you know
what we're gonna stay up we've done away
move to the left
gone top left again okay I'm feeling I'm
feeling a thought I'm left from him
right now but I'm left you know what I'm
left that's where I wanted to stay the
first time DeMaria just a mark I've
aimed up up in the middle I missed it I
missed the fricking waking everyone else
do those an icon let's leave it what is
that I literally collapsed I'm actually
out in the semi-finals the one of the
most boring people I've ever played
against my life now Matheny oh this sub
but I brought on where folks yeah come
on save it pit even more you
know I go along saying that special
anyway I don't want to win it he's
stupid
rubbish yeah well thanks and 75 and
thanks mate I'm going to end it there
I'm going to open one of these packs I
don't know why they're here but ok thank
you guys for watching that was a poor
attempt and I'm sorry but we are done
for today and we end with a we go thanks
watching and she got back into it as
well and that let go wait ticket please
how would see why does that not fall
straight to me his runs full straight to
him religion II need a goal ASAP and
then we still need a second goal yes the
millimeter free cake one more come on
one more goal and stop the wings
rumbling play do not let him score this
Oh cake no no close it down closin down
nice okay
