okay so football manager 18 have
challenged us to a like a boss challenge
hence Whiteside like a boss just then
when I say us basically I recorded a
video with the other guys that is cow
frizzy hurry Chris MD Toby mani but on
the day of doing it I was kind of ill so
I didn't really feel comfortable talking
I was kind of sniffing every three
seconds so I filmed it now instead we
basically been taking each other on in a
series of challenges over everyone's
channels so I'll leave a link to all of
them in description below some have
already come out some are coming out
soon my challenge however is gonna be a
weak foot challenge because you guys
don't ever really see everyone's weak
foot you see us all you know hit the
crossbar schoolgirls bla bla never
really see the weak foot which is
probably the reason why so my challenge
is we're gonna have five penalties each
using our weak foot we're gonna move to
the edge of the area where we use our
weak foot to take shots and then we take
a final challenge where we have five
attempts each again but someone's gonna
throw it over your head and you have to
just basically try and score first time
or within a couple of touches only using
your weak foot after the challenge
football manager Scouts are basically
gonna give us attributes to give to our
in-game player profiles so basically I'm
gonna be in the game I'm gonna run
through them after the challenge to see
what they gave me basically so you can
check out foot manager 18 in the
description below but they are gonna put
me in the game and the others in the
game so yes answer the challenge I've
explained everything right so the only
thing to decide is who's going first
mani toby incisors you
Wow
oh how frizzy here so if I play terrible
they're not guess you know why freeze
three behind right now yeah
unless those double points in the final
round around
kitchen Oh left foot Oh
presently this is the redemption round
whoa whoa Oh double points
come on oh these are triple points there
Nelson - so no and then there are three
times nothing still nothing Christmas
miss Oh big shame doesn't matter if you
have triple points penguin wings are out
Oh God
obviously the scores on the screen right
now regardless of what the score is
c22 it
we lost alright so as you can see they
have put me into the game full name
Simon mentor striker obviously favorite
clubs leads reputation Wow thank you
very much
yeah that's great of course media
friendly you know how it is with this
face that was all positives looking for
a new club flattered by the interest
being shown in you yeah I'll say that no
no- can that current concerns all right
that's just you know the basic overview
but this is the interesting part this is
the stats wow I am not too bad I mean
wow I am pretty bad I wanted by
Cambridge Lincoln okay yeah severely
lacking in match sharpness that mean
what we looking at what's our good stats
long long throws yeah that that's about
all I do to be fair jumping reach cuz
I'm tall
I'll take it a leap like a gazelle very
kick taking 14 long shots 14 Gresham 14
I don't know progressions a good one
penalty take in 13 Ida giving myself a
24 but whatever hold up a sec marking
six work great 7 dribbling 8 yeah I
think I think I'm on the wrong profile
I'm on the wrong profile this is a bit
this is a bit meaning that goalkeeper a
ting to you know I'll take that I'm just
quite an average player which actually
sums me up pretty well but you know
acceleration 10 agility 10 pace 10
stamina 10 natural fitness 10 corners 10
kinda just an average player don't know
why you'd sign me on it sleep well I
mean I know why Lincoln would sign
makers link in a below average but maybe
I should join a football team should I
join a football team I don't know maybe
but yeah valued at 0 pounds thanks
football manager scouts that this is in
relation to actual players you got
remember so I can't just say like first
touch 20 because like Ronaldo doesn't
even have first touch 20 so they can't I
can't have a obviously so that I would
say that's probably about right well
yeah that's it for today so thank you
very much football manager 2018 for this
and also guys if you want to check out
the game and download me I'll leave a
link to it in the description below that
sounds really weird but yeah thank you
guys watching
push
I do too
