yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to the very best last episode was
episode 69
no more games this episode is very
serious why you ask
I have one game remaining and I have to
win that's it that's all and that's it I
have to win if I win I'm back in
Division one if not I remain in Division
two for another season I'm playing that
game plus one more game today and then I
want you to let me know what I need to
do what you want me to do because some
people said do the tournament but that's
the Serie A tournament I have a Serie A
team right now we only have 3000 coins
because Gazala just sold but that's it
for now the French team is going to take
me into Division one what stands in the
way of us in Division one ok it's a good
team I mean he doesn't have team of the
seasons which is right but it's good but
remember we can't draw we have to win
oh no oh no oh no oh no ok bad start bad
styes and it's only one nil I really
want to get promoted please I don't know
how he's doing this he's getting her
Keenen oh my god mark up ah that's fine
it's fine but that's not fine not fine
whoa we need a goal we need a we like we
can't even draw one come on come on come
on right alright only ball early Paul to
Griffin only four degrees man there is
an e is an engine wait a second where's
it listen
but no this is it this is the chance
ready wait yeah you know yeah yeah you
dogs get out get away get away
good quit ballin no wait bleep how has
he controlled that oh come on
yeah oh good wait wait wait no white I
said and how is that not found by the
way there's about four thousand there
okay this is bad very bad running across
we made a tackle
but he's still got it got it again okay
hit defendant good defend it but we need
a gold-backed
principle they spread out wide agrees
with Brisbane yeah and then yeah yeah
and then you can read that all you did
okay dunno why you fell over a bit we'll
take a corner we knew goal what just
happened last chance the half last shots
come on let's go where we finna go from
here where we go ah come on please
beyond please wait wait wait we can you
get the ball mate you get the ball right
and then take it no we've lost lost half
across the half I'm not gonna lie to you
guys I deserve to be losing as you can
see by the stats but we have to win oh
no oh no put him off do not give a pen
that is an absolutely fantastic
challenge and I love whoever did it but
we're still losing okay no I didn't mean
it okay wait wait wait birds of all know
how were you not scoring a your Karim
Benzema laid it in and it keeps come out
but he's go back oh we're back in we've
got okay Karim Benzema made up for me
back with that one alright next goal
basically wins and there it is right
great great what the fuck is this save
what is that how does it perfectly go to
him oh my we just got back into as well
and that let go wait hush please
how to see why does that not fall
straight to me his runs full straight to
him we literally need a goal ASAP and
then we still need a second go thus the
minim is a free cake one more come on
one more goal and stop the wings
buckling bleh
not let him score this Oh cake no no
close it down closin down nice forget
the wait no no no no that's another foul
isn't it sky just not like shooting
disease you always outs holy crap
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no he tipped it could he tip that
Egypt's it come on I just need one more
goal one more first off cross batboys
notice there is we're winning we're
winning with five minutes left I defend
defend I'm not gonna go all-out
defensive put up I'm gonna just go
normal defensive please please please
let me get rid of this let me get rid
let me get with no that was a full on
clearance and it okay wait this one that
has to be bow that Isabella clear it's
gone win it win it win it win it yes
Griezmann that might be my fault as well
this is actually it wasn't actually the
final attempt he has the fit and he's
gonna cross it
it's crossed he's got corner he has a
corner that decides my fate if he scores
we stay in Division two if he doesn't
score then we quickly go up that's my
ball my ball let's go kick and I think
that is that the bit we got promotion
yeah geez we got dominated as well I
only had five shots five on target I got
three goals but we did it we got 10,000
coins which means we have about 13 and a
half maybe 14 we are into Division one
and I know we have to win all but like
two or three games ppl team just have
some fun umm what's the vision one going
to be like today they're gonna that's
horrible that is truly truly horrible
let's see what the vision one's gonna be
like then shall we ideally I mean I
might as might as well have a go
oh I loves his little wings he does that
he loves them loves them mate go on wait
wait wait we could take advantage here
take advantage come on wait wait no wait
oh this is some stretch play come on
wait a second only pool only ball two
back post oh yeah why didn't it change
them to its best you're on though you're
on
huh and then turning and lame-o's a bank
oh bloody hell
come on come on come on please please
please wait no it's just not strong
enough is he can he take free kicks
those because she jump Oh Oh get rid no
oh my god my guys live for some reason
what a freakin save that is this guy he
loves his freakin skills and he loves
his posts he loves he loves everything
he just loves missing here we go here we
go here we go turn up and then ship it
through bang I don't know what that was
I did a wire chipped it or whatever but
it almost worked
Oh bollocks bollocks Oh check is
incredible here we go come on George all
right yeah you think I'm turning in I am
I'm not not really but buzz your side
your side you missed anyway your off
side and you missed from there but a
45th minute free-kick come on play he's
gonna roll it off oh my god arcades for
some little set peace plans here we go
oh no no no one does that to me or here
maybe when I'm not recording yeah it's a
pretty close game but I don't feel like
I could score how does he do this
how does he put him through that he
literally just walks between my players
so easily come on Luca go your left foot
on you
Wow that better be a frigid corner else
that was awful it is a corner George
best can whip it in there he is
bang oh oh wow
I don't know why yeah your tour is
celebrating I'm pretty sure someone else
got that oh no oh no oh no no no no no
no no no no great block keeps great safe
holy shit
oh no no no no no no no no no no no
great
Garrus good water frickin save check is
on point today George best is what's he
doing we'll see wait wait what are you
what you do Stanley will fall over from
George best if they get back get the
Frick back great challenge no yep come
on keep the pressure on keep the
pressure on get the pressure on add hits
it yes yes they are again 85th minute
and we have taken the lead 2-1
it's the 90th minute and he's poor
literally in extra time right now and
he's paused why are you pausing it now
what is he doing is it surely no no no
no no this is it this is final chance oh
god oh god oh god he's going to turn in
we all know it oh no no no no let's go
Oh oh my god surely we've done it with
what have we done that twice today I got
destroyed again but I'm managing to
score more as I said it's up to you guys
what I do next remove to do a draft or
me to do a normal tournament carry on
with Division one let me know we have
fourteen thousand coins let me know you
were to buy a top coat Luther on a
Tuesday us what's in and see yeah yeah
yeah come on there we go hunting that's
a sick one
graduated you got an idea rated one
night up she goes I'm saying a ninety
plus a Bob still aiming for Pogba I've
got a ninety plus rated right now I got
a nice rated one I need a 90 plus rated
one is what I said
