good come one right we got one more we
got okay that's we're doing well there
are 55 k-pax out all involving Ligue 1
players is a Ligue 1 team in a season
now because I'm an idiot
I lost the recording of the first pack
basically I managed to pack silver in my
first pack and then I got nothing in the
second and this pack in the third a
hence my previous sentence we're doing
well
carry on you idiot good to blues in
three packs now oh my god these are
going faster than White Falcon so I
think you know what and skip okay now a
mind and let's note no duplicate I'm
feeling no like a Ebro I like you set or
something like that
boom bro man dander no just will believe
a better way up so we got two bruising
aback oh my days okay you know what he
can go on the transfer list no no you
know what we have time we are doing coin
we are do requires put my shoes on in
the now use the coin come on three two
one no okay
you know what the come on come on come
on come on come on please those moves oh
please you've got 92 already we can get
higher than that not with that passes
for a yapper for it so DB there's
another blue by blues these pipes are
amazing come on I need to get as many as
I can
three two one skip every time I skip
it's really bad whoa
where is it it's another blue it's
another blue we'll get the same one one
that luck is set or the ypres or but I
don't know who else that really was D
Berea a team of real would be tasty and
no no no no no no no no come on give
nice about 92 bang and gamer
we have all three goalkeepers now 88
great
oh my if you aren't open in these pace I
don't know what you do with your time
although they've already gone by the
time I've said this so never mind I do
what you're doing your life you're
watching this video I haven't slept much
so hence why I'm just chatting a load
write the story again we only have 1200
packs I really should a use points and
thirties in these coins like a by
players but a lot of time and who the
packs of some I've gone up to 1300 but
we need come on I can get this I think
at this wanker Oh baby Neos another
blues an 85 rate for video we could
almost like a whole team but we need a
striker honestly and this is actually
incredible 1577 in fact so many packs
come on give me an e bruh now Andy
Brenau to top it all off for a lack of
zet bang we get good cheer again I'll do
in a bag again Matt to in the pipe just
to boys that last three pegs I've got
two in the play this is worth it this is
worth spending point on normally it's
not but this time it is boom
uh okay trap no dough no trapped up with
a band Oh do we have this please another
blue no yeah martini oh and there's no
blue there get rid quick no they've gone
the gun
we did get roofie air we got in gamer
got Fubini oh we got silver could she
acid Eevee and I think we got like three
of them as well twice you know what I'm
actually going to just move that's my
video for today I know it's just a long
video and I'm sorry but yeah that is all
for today thank you guys for watching
and see ok I lied when I said that I was
done ok there's now the serial ones and
we are going for I bought some points
this time so we are good to go forever
not forever but probably until these
right now come on give me a blue I want
a bouffant I want some high rated
players I want to make the
new players with la ligue poo players as
awful sorry but oh there's our first one
bang and it's an Southie heir to the
back tap Inara boom and boom there's 286
and 83 rate we are going quick through
these because I didn't open that many of
the last one yeah here we go here we go
come on come on boom bang bang bang
bonaventure and he's actually not alone
this time I've gotten the other day but
he was alone
now we get to keep it forever no why no
why why are you kicking me out bolt of a
team now come on that's all we've just
lost like a thousand of the packs come
on I wanted to open as many of these as
I could ask it really nothing there are
still a lot of these left we are getting
someone good today we are getting now we
keep getting freakin Lea & Perrins sauce
I even know there isn't a Syria like
okay you know what I'm aiming for a
pogba that's what I want today from
these I want a pogba in a pack please
centre forward no menace yeah yeah yeah
come on we got sick that's a sick one
graduated we got a nitrated one nap she
goes I have seen a 90 plus above still
aiming for pogba I've got a 90 plus
rated right our night rated one I need a
90 plus rated one is what I said ah yes
brother negative plus right yes mm zero
three with gas run 90 rated a 92 that
we've made legal and look like League
boo come on come on Kimmy give me one
more whoa these packs are freaking sick
these pies are actually ridiculous bro
and
Yelich another another 90 plus rated a
91 rated player we've got a nicer to 191
192 is second it's a nig way 95 a
pauper's 92 a Buffon 93 okay so
basically we need to get a Buffon pogba
or Egwene roof unplug what it bagua boom
boom
I can't even talk Bufo Bufo we get
another ham stick okay wait I need to I
need to clear some room on my on my
freakin whatchamacallit oh yeah I'm
shaking go there now come on I we got
another 90 rated but we're still looking
for that boo from pub or Egwene well
give me one of them now come on please
please blues boom no get rid get rid
quick we're open in as many as we can
no splat come on oh this is this is not
time efficient we need mini package week
and I'm seeing it pressing it with my
nose please bug bar please come show
yourself poking fun I'll be down to the
final quarter two and a half thousand
pegs left and we have a fourth row our
points left and we're not getting anyone
good I've got blue balls right now
wait no wait I mean what I mean by that
is I need to get another blue to satisfy
myself come on please Buffon hog ball
please just please I want one more just
to top it off just one just one more one
more blue one more blue eyed okay it
doesn't even have to be one of them it
just I just want a blue are with us 300
packs left come on you can do this you
get one more flip three two one skip Oh
village it oh I thought it was 95 i
doing i saw it a 5 I thought it was a
nice bike on one more one more one more
we got we got one in 85 right under sit
in the seat and I set so nope
why am I not skipping I might be able to
hit one more come on one more one more
one more
oh my god yes you can get one more come
on let's go
this lip this is the final pack most
likely ah bang no cast on so now we are
actually done for today again I'm sorry
if this is a short video whatever but
yeah I didn't really feel when I saw
these packs so I thought you know what I
have to do today you guys watching and
now actually sweet
show you how to race into this let's go
oh
