yo guys what's going on our welcome to a
pack opening today there's a new team of
the season be French me
aka Ibrahimovic I mean realistically I
will take any blues not only that
there's also Syria are about right now
and I mean a Pogba would be pretty nice
to Miranda a booth one I mean Egwene
there's a lot of good players out right
now there's also 25k pie but we're gonna
start with a regular pie just because we
can nope we're gonna go back to 25k
packs okay these are just as bad I mean
I get 20 of these
so 190 now you'd hope that one of these
would be good lit Steiner
it's the right League come on okay that
is exactly what I did not want I do not
want to get Liga BBVA players and no I'm
not saying I would turn down or an out
or oh Messi okay I'd still take them Oh
who's that bench well that's what makes
weight separated he's still sick I'm
always gonna take him out at 87 rated as
much
I mean he's not 90 rated I was just go
for 100 there's a couple 90s you know
what he's still a blue we'll take it but
you can all be back I'm getting more
blues boom I got the guy who looks like
he touches things if a Marlin Callie
Horne hostage I don't even know if
that's how you pronounce it Oh piss off
I always get Femina or Katina are
darling I don't even care which one they
are right four of these packs left and
then we're done with these we were after
move on to the normal pack brilliant
coke
all right well cokes been good to me
that's probably not a sentence I should
say I know it wasn't that coke that was
good to me but coke nonetheless has been
stopped saying that Simon sound like a
drug addict
well these places have been great my
final pack
blue oh it's okay it's Oscar that's fine
on to the 15k packs don't even say it
though I don't want to hear okay I'm
going for the next package just I like I
hate the whole Panteleimon joke you know
they're so they're so freaking annoying
oh we're global Oh since then immediate
as a blue this same one it's still blue
good enough ficus
I mean good put them on the Chancellor
list he's still blue is nice oh it's
still good enough we get we can take
will take blues number one Oh back to my
blues we just got back but I don't know
who enjoys but back to my blues I didn't
eat when to get any blues today and I've
already got three to being the same yes
but another blue and do it yeah I don't
I say enjoy and door yeah I'm blue da ba
dee da ba die da ba dee da ba die da bad
eater of the cake no you're a no
more please EA please just do me a
blue I don't want to I want a blue
blue nope jekko
how did people say I used to look like
Jack Oh what added added people used to
say I look like Jack oh not that I used
to like it I don't know anyway James
Milner the drawline himself the only
buzz with a stronger jawline than him is
Gareth Barry
of course I get an ex team of the season
ah got stretch he can forget a blue and
you know I need to scream nope you know
it's just I'm ready if a blue pops up
I'm gonna go mental
okay I want lockers that he's on the
front of pecs why can't I get like a set
or a nybridge Ebro no you want to give
me funnel nandini oh yeah yeah one sec
I'm so forgetting mud never mind anyway
opening now okay no bye-bye
well I didn't help Li za give me one
like EI please you know I've made that
joke a million times but you can't spell
please that yeah thanks yeah why can't I
just get one more blue that's it one
more and I'm happy with three yeah but I
just want one more cuz that one more
blue is like sick I will not no I shall
not no I shan't not stop until I get
another blue today will be known as the
day Simon got four blues with my nan
Wade oppa down the title of the day I
don't want it to read 227 the day simon
pegg for blues with his now now that it
just doesn't have a ring to it I don't
think I'll catch on I don't know what to
think
do I count myself lucky getting three
blues or am i unlucky because I've
opened so many now and haven't got
anything I it's done the nose pipe will
also skip it
bang nothing I say nothing but a bow
with Singh and a Bensimon the same pack
as you can't blah blah I only want blues
that's just us just focus today is the
day time a pack for blue this is Matt Oh
Matt dandies a ninety plus rated one as
well and though he's on the bench or the
reserves the actual team season but he's
ninety plus rated you know what I'm
gonna end it there I'm gonna end it with
a 90 plus raid I'm gonna just get rid of
this lone pack versus on while with you
but thank you guys for watching
we've got four blues and now you get
five blues this isn't meant to happen
does that count does that count as a
like that is that five now I mean if we
change you the name could we get rid of
the pot with my nan as well the year
that is it now we're actually is it now
I'm opening this package open thank you
guys for watching that's four
four-and-a-half five blues we're at
least ending on rare thank you guys for
watching and okay that's a wrap thanks
for watching and soup this lag is
horrible but we scored we scored with
the 70th minute on mom we're so close to
winning this do not let it slip now and
then great comeback part no okay weights
the word so what you know what we're
gonna just the Ness it we're gonna shoot
again know how how is he getting out
there by pausing this is his last chance
Oh No mark mark up Mark Upson mark Upson
what am i doing that's it
