Liga BBVA team of the season come a
regular cup more eyeglass even though
it's actually made of plastic on it this
is the team that we are using and yes
there are a lot of Blues and yes they
are very cheap pretty much I packed dani
alves team of the year went into the
years Wow
I have packed coke but I don't know if
I'm gonna get a pack opening out this
week so I thought I may as well tell you
how wrong I was just a blue dust and
this coke as well the others i bought
because they're all very cheap do you
want to buy the best ones you know
because i feel like you need to earn
those i feel like you either have to
pack them or you have to win and
speaking of winning team and seasons
what do we win if we win this tournament
Lubin cat Ruben Castro Roma's Lubow I
kind of start with an art we're gonna
use the team we're gonna see if we could
win the tournament and get a room and
Castro to replace a dress let's see what
you got let's see what you got okay yeah
everyone everyone could afford a bail
with Neymar and Suarez these days you
know they're no special cards let's show
them what the blues do baby let's go
let's go Bruno come on bail come on bail
come on all right and then turn back Oh
Luther dad boom boom one nail never did
you think you'd see that but I will just
pops up and out a plant believes FC oh
no oh no okay yeah we got to the
seasoning goal
I got scooped off that come on Wayne
wait where do we go wait wait see the
gap in the gap taken touch whoa I said
take a torch I like I know I have to
actually use my fingers to do it but
come on come on all right bail bail bail
no Addamses keeper come out Arush Gareth
Bale and inform as well Gord Gareth you
know what if I'm got they can't cross
which is right I always use people's
wrong foots across wait wait coke coke
bank goal to nil don't happen ah is
there gonna be a fade to minute quit
oh it's not one more and run with the
finesse that wasn't a finesse that was
some weird topo calyx looking thing
reduce oh oh my days
right there you go there's a pool in our
like coke boom go is he gonna get a 45th
minute go this the question oh yeah is
yeah yep yep he is oh where is he then
we stop then we stop
then we stop supper oh I doesn't look
like I deserve to be winning but I
really do a pretty certain all four
shots for just then oh wow wow wow wow
wow wow that was good man I mean not as
proud as Caruth bales about to be with
his near post finish that was a near
post frame here we go here we go coke
come to minute season coke what's a safe
son what the game brundun ready with the
little extra exactly a nice finally
score fourth wait you know a car because
he's proud me something in there is a
foul here we go Gareth go - what's your
finish son for Neil game done it was
already done Oh David it's seasoned well
I know what I'm doing next game there it
is five nail fuzz Graham done what a
final here we come when you got for me
bro when you got for me okay the team
isn't very good but that probably means
he is only one way to find out I guess I
can already tell this guy's better than
us but there's a matter Ronaldo Ronaldo
bad one why are you not scoring now no I
just want to close to the next round
right
c ronaldo see him no no way Oh code you
beauty you here's a good run good run
wild laughter gone and that and then
turn and again and again and again and
again and again the dude is scored going
over another come on lynching was
upended Oh Mike was able to run back
bail bail
back then turn up no no no no just
really happened this hot I think this is
it this is my last chance wanting no no
no no stay on the pitch okay never mind
just waste the chance I mean he has
another shot that's that's a big that's
a big factor this one Neal was poor in
seeing you in there seen you in there
what up or bail
you are absolute is that stop him stop
him stop him no oh good one nipple boy
if you're wondering while cooling nipple
boys would areola which is another word
for each other leave their hairy odors
never boy you got you got bail bail
please please make a boom that's a great
ball but it's just small they still won
in somehow bar side take a touch run
boom boom yes like this lag is horrible
but we scored we scored for the 70th
minute for mom we are so close to
winning this do not let it slip now and
then great comeback part no okay what's
the word - what you know what we're
gonna just mess it we're gonna shoot
again no how is he getting out there by
pausing this is his last chance no no no
mark mark mark opsin mark Hobson what am
i doing that's it he's giving it just
see did not deserve to get Drogheda we
are into the semies right we got a game
against leave my arse Ilona and the team
again isn't that good which probably
means that the player is high here we go
into the semis and we are off oh no like
your fake shots Oh No here we go first
chance of the game first chance the game
and it comes to Simon it comes to Simon
and he fluffs it up take touch his
keepers fully out if keepers fully out
it's an open goal it wasn't open go win
that please please receive how would you
stop thunder bit by side and wait quick
touch in and bang how am I not scoring
that he's injured himself as what he
leash used injured himself
Iniesta with another pool in that's very
very far out and I've injured myself as
well oh my god he's up he's
absolutely fluffed it was an idiot here
we go again here we go they go anything
and Iniesta can't finish that and I
can't win that header either wait wait
editor I'd take such a Oh Bruno Bruno
bang - nil work I don't know what's
going on here we go again lads and wait
Bruno Bruno Bruno Bruno whooping
with the magical feet odorous wait oh
wait wait that touch
wait google it and yeah and then for
this Oh eyes brought it he's blocked it
but I couldn't go to the Golden Door
Oh at least go for now I don't care if
I'm being sweaty I'm getting my levels
of the semitte remember I've just
realized how little of this game I've
actually played I'm absolutely
demolished I beg this guy just quit like
honestly I don't I don't I don't know
how I'm getting so that's our pence
halftime and I'm 5-nil up like I don't
want to play this guy as I thought he
has another shot guys I'm sorry to do
this okay but I am just gonna hold on to
the ball so that this game goes quicker
I mean I didn't say I wasn't gonna score
as well there it is finally the guy just
stopped playing do you know dude a mezzo
quit but we are now into the final and I
have been completely thrown off my game
because of that I've been searching for
many moons and we come up against this
not not again not great teams the final
this is where we always crumble and I
have had so much time between that guys
stopping playing and trying to find a
new game and I'm not confident anymore
please let this be easy please let this
be an easy game here comes the first
chance first chance for more one more
wait wait first time it's it's so close
sigh oh no oh no oh no no no no we're
losing we're losing one milk I tweeted
out to let me win as well I don't know
who I'm playing I'm guessing it's not
one of you guys what the Frick what the
Frick was my team crumbling now where's
the muscles like what's the leg what's
this lack what ok we'll take that I've
been playing so freakin well and I came
and put two passes to get a jump and
that's fine I don't know why I can't put
two passes together come on
wait wait you're doing you know what
tuna season it Oh
Wow Wow Wow
oh my god I was so close to winning
Ruben Castro and now look what's
happening halftime and I'm losing - Neal
- deal
this is awful it's always freakin
happens my team is insane and then it
just gets to the final and the nose you
know what and I don't want to work
anymore boss usually dude we're in the
55th minute and you're actually passing
around the back are you serious oh my
god oh my god oh my god please please
please
why can't I score one this guy's such a
douche may all be my big bad I beg I beg
all that it's only please can I get one
coming short and then he's gonna mark it
and I'm cross it in there he was coming
out no he's not he's not it's over
games over please please please please
Ronaldo then we got this one and we have
two minutes left it was done it he's
done it he's actually broken oh my
god oh my god this guy's an absolute
prick right I've never played anyone as
prickly as that he was so bad as well
three shots yet ah that's it thank you
guys for watching thanks Tom Hill's 97
for being an absolute bell end of a
person and yeah thank you guys for
watching and see ya
Oh
oops dr. tree buddy Lowe's
why would it have to be me how could
this happen and me
this is to decide the winner we can't
move our feet from the ground
Manny's choice there's no point in
giving you account that we caught my
girlfriend
