new team of the seasons were announced
Simon had just awoken then the sudden
yes I know that is for 100k Bank just
came out and I am still in my
dressing-gown okay and I am opening
these packs that is all for okay we are
just getting the blue player plays all
we are going for blues come on we've
already with water hammer how much how
many left is about 7 1/2 K left I missed
the first 2 and 1/2 K but we just
thought you just want blues that's all
we going for Oscar no I don't really
have any Blues at the moment I've got
coke that's about it so as long as as
long as I get another blue I'm happy I
could lose what is this I feel so stupid
that I'm in my dressing out but I didn't
have time to change before these came
out you know okay I didn't have time
because I would have missed look what
are these packs Miranda piss off
honestly I am not getting anything good
bang okay the dalles at 86 at least
maybe if I had a song okay
88 rated Oh blue blue just boom that's
one blue and we carry on a blue and an
88 rated C the somewhat I keep having to
do this because it keeps coming undone
gonna lie to you guys
I wear it very much under don't that's
weird why am I telling you this
come on give me another blue give me one
in the right lead I mean I was over the
pegs last week and I got better players
I mean I've got two blues so far out and
show you this this is the clip now
please
let's just do a blue dust and his coke
as well 89 rated girls not quite
90 but girls I literally turn these on
as soon as I finished recording another
video I turn this or Al Abbar make some
room for him on the transfer list that
we move on because we'd have time to
blow yes we already have him we already
have him we already have him but he's
blue why don't ask you know what I
already have add back to rubbish ok be a
dentist
hey don't tell me that I just like shop
into a dressing gown I literally I
stayed up all night and I'm getting an
alibi I look oh no blue two blues okay
there's another blue but is a blue
nonetheless it's building up I can feel
it I can feel it can you feel it can you
feel it nope we can't I just go be the
most comfortable pack opening I've ever
done in my life
look out a lion I can put a sleep I'm
not going down either this you support
loads more points and I hope hope
they're for a good cause please yes good
ask me know what leagues
I mean 94 pace 85 rate in blue Amir
leaves in a terrible lemur you can link
with you know you can link with su√°rez
Cavani there's three blooms it seems
like a god when you know like five six
packs and then I get a blue again I've
opened one since I've opened my twosome
see I'm not getting anything good less
than three and a half thousand packs
left and I need something to add to my
comfort levels I need something what can
add we're going to add to my comfort
levels Hummel 86 rate ah yes papa why
did I say like that I was weird okay
well you could go to the club bail bail
I know what I can add I'll open a pack
while I do like anything no all right we
carry on 3,000 left and I'm struggling
to move my head to help I literally
can't move man come on I don't know what
I'd even do my air balloon is a
moon ah company blow just blew my money
as I said a comedy movement only 82
range but that's another blue we got one
up for blues five boosts three blue four
blue the purple I just want one in Liga
BBVA no please ah
2,300 left I'm about nah you know what
I'm taking all this off in a second on
everything now though yeah all right
we're about to go down into the last
2,000 points we're taking that off we're
about to take this off after this but I
don't want to donor but expose my naked
booty you know I'm just saying that
Manny's getting really good packs
what the hell where are my good packs
he's getting like sick players I me
again Pastore how is this weird answer
1600 packs and I haven't got good blue
of 185 rayon who couldn't decently good
tipper blue again rubbish League 85
those a go EV uh I could use him 285
ratings right how is he doing that I
mean I can't I can't get a good blue I
can't I can't get a good blue when
legend wore blue oh oh yes just oh my
god
over Conestoga blue oh my god Anna
Griffin oh oh oh it's on Manny
Manny Manny screw you oh my god hold I'm
carrying over the packs
Hulk is like is the good one here's I
know I know there are the ronaldo's and
stuff but out of the ones that just came
out he's sick our last thousand I think
an open these last what six packs and
then I think I'm done this hat this come
that is that does 88 write it again
there's an in-form I must wrong Marcello
but still an in-form 500 left okay come
on come on we need to open we can have a
full Mach 1 come on add skip oh another
blue a5 rate again yes Oh
get rid of c'mon come on we got another
85 rated okay with somehow the packs
went up who cares come on four more four
three Martha let's go up blue blue blue
blue blue blue broke no I thought
honestly I thought for a second that
Marvin Suarez Oh blow let the arrow I
don't know what is going on right now
I'm getting all the blues right now
they're all average but they're all
coming solidly and this is our last pack
there's a hundred and sixty two packs
left but don't nobody be able to get
another one I might have to do my my
trying this point yeah but wait why not
end on a blue why not end with barrows
etske a blue eighty-five rated center
back that is the pack opening done yep
they're gone that's it but we ended with
a bloat we got hope 95 rated scope but
that was you know that was before hand
that wasn't now we got Sanchez 94 pace
zaga wave in the Russian league CDM
they're met now that we got whole crew
pairs that is all for the day I'm sorry
that I'm like this but you know 100k
packs made it worth it
Oh
I'm sorry guys
