episode 69 low of 69
we are episode 69 you guys were the top
comment that I could see anyway to buy a
player like Yaya touré
or Ramirez because I am too attacking
that's rubbish but I'm gonna do it
anyway so Santi Cazorla is gonna be the
player that I swap out you know the
central player the lowest-rated see what
we get for him we sold these two last
time and we will buy yaya touré three
games remaining who wins and I am
promoted with one game remaining and if
you add those numbers together what do
you get out of correct six then if I win
my last game I get another three points
and I am winning the title I mean is
that add up to 969 I need to stop let's
go into again French team it's on you
and the French cheese will face oh my
god this isn't a draft guys this is this
is an actual team I'm just kidding just
fired what the actual hell have I just
got myself into tell your wife I managed
to somehow win this game I think we can
successfully say I am one of the
greatest people to ever live oh this is
gonna be a long as he'll get why it's so
long with that eyes even one of these
guys what no no no no no no get him get
to him Oh dear me we're getting these
tiny tiny chances I don't know if I can
even class those chances but we got the
crosses ah I keep a game I can't cross
call me please pick touch finish this is
a bundle up how we won their lot we
don't know how long this lasts but
go on go go on us oh my god graceland
please blow it up bang oh now I will be
mister there I'm not angry I'm Justin
I'm angry actually I'm lying I am both
angry and disappointed no no no no no no
way to even utter all of that you just
as a longshot and then just head to
inform yard I know it's like a long shot
but I do have a chance of winning this
game it's only one hall and you know we
are we are doing well we're doing doing
well wait wait wait bang
oh yeah things I'm gonna short but I'm
not I'm putting in there Kiba Scott duck
head of it onto the keepers hands this
is it this last chance he's going in
yeah no no no no no no no no do not let
me have another chance Get Rid
can we have a chance commit we can't who
could the kids to have a chance no no
okay halftime we'll take half time one
old longer it stays like this the more
chance a but just get one goal of
winning come on don't let me down Simon
George best with an early ball in there
is bang
how was he jumping that high just got
stilts please be on please be on side
you know what we get a little crooked
right now what did I say I just need one
goal one goal and I actually have a very
very good chance of winning doing very
well with the defensive side for now
Oh bollocks oh great save I don't know
how we're still in it no no no don't let
me the short one don't never do the
short one he's gonna pass it up there
okay let's cut pass cuts the pass no
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa we don't
like that we don't like that at all we
don't really have much on we don't have
much on at all it's that back post but
once we do corner we're gonna whip a
ball in with Pyatt there's the whip
äj-- oh this keeper can literally run
the entire length of the pitch before
the ball comes in oh here we go 77th
minute
where you going mate where you going
here to trick to trick ya ready with my
absolutely just go for crosses this game
go far post far post
see you in Greece but no no no no no no
no there is no frickin way you can save
that this is it this is final chance of
the game and wait wait now it's our
Pharmacology again what I didn't do that
wait I did no I didn't that's it we drew
one oh that's like three draws in a row
for me I swear
I mean I have to look at it like this
his team was ridiculously good so to
even get a one or draw against that is
good but at the same time it means
nothing if I don't win this game we
can't get promoted this is right Yaya
you gotta win me this game all right at
your first game you better win it for me
surely he can't have as good a team why
does everyone have them everyone has
team of the seasons
oh god this is gonna be a horrible game
let's see what happens I guess we have
to win so even if we're drawing when
there's well go all out I you need to
stop you need
actually stop okay all right we have a
little attack now hang on a second hang
on a second hang on hang on
I god let's go holy shit smart on my
French I notice a the French team give
me the balls gonna turn around this guy
likes the little pass thing you know
that loves a little pass where am i team
where are my team we go inside the
plateau
oh there we go let's go let's go Luke a
coup come on come on mate
come on yeah you know I'm turning back
but can you stop it George
no it was your older debut I don't get
what this guys doing like look you just
passed it you'll pass it back right I'll
pass it along the line grandpa's back
and now he's gonna pass it ready he'll
go go back he will go back here 100% see
then he's see look
why is he doing you're losing ikkaku
moukaku Lukaku Lukaku you know what no
no yes sir what's going on I need
fasciculus again I got tackled and then
just BAM shoot we're just giving myself
so much hope to be let down on next
episode run Lukaku run Luke a coup
please you know what I'm just gonna hold
up oh wait wait wait yes poor Neil where
they shit he's gonna quit he's gonna
quit and that's gonna be it we're done
I've always struggled to take it around
the Golden Key no that's a team of
seasoned goalkeepers well oh no no no no
goals we call names for the part
continent score one I don't care if that
selfish would not let him score one
right center back out and then George
blessed cause it's George Brett the
deflection almost took in yeah you think
I'm gonna pass it huh I ain't gonna
posture I'm not like you see see see
that's why five mill artsy with the fire
get out of my face gal quit do not be me
do not be me I swear to God if this is
me this is way too ridiculous to be me
I'm not even looking right now I'm not
looking we did it we got the winner we
are two points away from promotion back
into Division one the only thing is if
we draw we don't get promoted we lose we
don't get promoted me up one game left
find out on the next episode of the very
best I've always wanted to do that but
on a real you will find out next episode
I don't really have any coins depending
on Santi Cazorla sells what I want to
know from you guys is Arthur I do that
game do you want me to do the next
division whether it's station 1 of
division 2 or doing it to do the draft
or I can try tournament to win one of
the team of the season players let me
know top comment will be the one I do
thank you guys for watching and see you
inside before the game I don't know
where we're saying but
Hapgood thickener what
Row 1 Row 1 Toby queer bro one will
remember one press benches we aren't
bench the best part of the day
lazy the food is nothing is the food and
drink we've been trapped down there
Oh Oh
