they would like me to focus please focus
please focus
what for doesn't count right if you
haven't guessed we are here for the epic
Cup Finals thanks to the FA obviously
this is the bit that we actually arrived
for the Wembley cough good memories but
we lost
probably work memories for you scream it
in oh and I think I don't know what
we're doing now but looks like we're
going out for the pitch see that bright
blonde hair right there you see that you
see that you see you see that bright
blond hair what is that what is that
what is that I get your head out the way
Toby gone Toby safe is your camera
inside before the game I don't know
where we're saying but we have some good
tickets you know what it is Row 1 with
Row 1 Toby with Row 1 will be number 1
press benches we aren't bench the best
part of the day Ravens food yes it is
there's food and drinks we've been
trapped down there
Oh Oh
money replay
mannequin taken man say Keesha
the bake-off figures unite
like just so famous these days funky
sign it no but also we can see
we are looking at I don't know what I
mean but
cow
I don't
about to kick off right
I for some reason I love the free kick
and I'm only showing you panis
highlights
I don't know why but times
second half underway mani was talking to
me
one time
Oh
ha
a few moments later
you're going into extra-time cookie
Garcia but now about to read the trophy
oh he knows this is more of a
Oh
now we're always there to go watch David
Haig fights but I know he's even playing
this guy right where the paint on a wall
one we're going to a million blue one of
that all enough to sort of David Haye
play and religiously right just in time
we've got five minutes till the fight
right so at the after buy after the
fight and uh oh my god I don't be that
guy at the camera party so yeah you know
just really put this away now and I'll
bring out on the way home alright so now
we are home and we're you know we're
warming up to Southampton so yeah
done this the way and I am going to stop
recording now it is 25 plus 3 me and
Josh are both feeling like we can record
a video or two so I'm going to record
videos to it Josh I'm hoping that I can
get my videos done by the time that I
sleep obviously I'm gonna edit this I do
have a football video up which I don't
think it'd be out now I think it'd be I
in a couple days all I want to say is a
huge thank you to the FA for allowing
all of us to go to the game wasn't that
the david hate for the tickets to the
fight beer pretty much if the vlogger
now this was as long as blogging I'm
sorry but yeah I actually ended up
staying up to about 6:00 a.m. trying to
get my videos done for yesterday or
whatever happens of Saturday but I
haven't really slept so I'm gonna go
record these videos and then sleep like
a baby
thank you guys for watching have a great
day and see you is there gonna be
turnaround is it is he gonna be doing
wrong it's it is it's two in a row I
mean when you're coming up against this
team you're gonna worry a little bit on
you but this is very guest interesting
because I normally go out at this point
he's got three and a team of the year
let's see what we can do can we get into
beef
