it's the time we've all been waiting for
team of the season la liga 99 run out of
98 sorrows 98 messy i'mma be doing a
draft and choosing any of those players
that i can get i mean it helps the fact
that you always get given the league of
players anyways i hope here is that we
get a lot of fees what formations we
what we got for the back for all of them
and we'll use a holding here we go
Capitano give me one of them give me
that's not one of them right well ii bra
just because i don't want any of the
others i want the team of the seasons of
all of them demon of caesar messy if
they could start an outer ronaldo ran
out a ball okay
the name are will do that's two already
out of three come on keep feeding me
feed me feed me them will take comes I
don't really want comes
okay well racket itch isn't in team in a
season so we'll take him because it's a
safe option and then the other sentiment
we will take bollocks screw it whatever
bowel month CDM is there any okay can we
get cdm-t midseason we can't trash
horrors ah we may have to take Marlowe
instead we're gonna have to take my load
ah come on it started so well I got two
hour for Grammy can go there and then
this one we need one we need one please
Oh
take you me no one else really fits
anyway so me as well we yeah Marcelo you
could work Marcelo
please click hectares anyone work teams
looking pretty decent but we need some
send a mids and a good goalie ok another
Brazilian goalkeeper that it fits the
league right but Oh Annie's Brazilian
buddies ah we're gonna go into the Czar
come on give me some one good gimme
gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme keep
Mandanda I we actually need some now we
need some more team into seasons we
haven't got enough Hummels is the team
of the season being the wrong league but
we'll take it one more one more one more
one more one more
another hector carvajal we'll have to
take if you don't have a right back we
do have a right back I'm an idiot oh
well it didn't really matter anyway we
got it weren't gonna use either so it
solo any others this isn't going that
well guys we've only got two of them we
need one more I chose this go and we
straight me so much right now I didn't
got one I have to use Llorente come on
give me another one Ronaldo Ronaldo
Griezmann I could choose the Ronaldo
bomb get it I'm gonna take a Babel I
know a lot of you are screaming at me
right now because of that but I'm sorry
boom Oh or Danny Alfa's they're both
team of the years not to be the seasons
I'm actually gonna go with the dani
alves I know Renaldo's 98 but you know
name eyes closer to 98 than he is to 92
Dania right while swells come on give me
one more team in a season don't care ah
what more King I'm always keen for a
green come on two last players two last
players you don't get what please we
need a sentiment please please please
wow that was an ant flummox let me see
what I can do with this the best we
could muster up is 95 Kevin 89r 80 I
mean 80 9 rating is pretty solid and
that is a very solid team but if it's
good enough though you know what we're
gonna have to just go into the draft
with this we've got a pretty decent wing
force that
first round of the draft - we got what
you got for me whoa I for three took
three - Percy's another 70 year 80 miles
get a business good in the leader anyway
may as well hype them up this time to
test out these team in two seasons let's
go yeah we may as well do this as well
just change them about no enjoying
playing this guy right now guys is quite
good geek in fact when I say quite good
he's actually very good first chance
let's go that was awful that was all for
right turn in so they all see me through
Gobbo no how does he got that head up
you know the worst part is Loretta is
still on the pitch somehow the rent a is
not good that's all I know but boom and
he scored anyway or hussy cause Danny
atmosphere I can finally make the sauce
it's knuckle make the tackle make a
tackle this is a good save you know what
Eber is a big boy gone get a ball into
him get apology bra he was there that
would have been a goal if that was you
know a goal come on what am I saying
what am i said right gone plus in
l'amour L'Amour add boom Jess
ibrahimovic 1 nil big way Eber on the
pitch and he's not even a team this
season one team of the season look at
that you know what it's tuna season
messy for this weight cross poop Timmy
this is mercy take the best when I head
off oh we would have fun Kay a team of
the season messy header maybe they made
his team in a season car taller as well
don't LEM score now it's almost halftime
read it read it read it read it makes vo
layer for this goal three nil I think I
see it guys I think that's it three nail
was enough three no there we go see you
later
I mean somehow I scored three of them I
only had no I only had three shots team
works very well after the sub sub 8 85
pounds Liga BBVA ready ah what I guess I
mean it did I did ever a couple this is
an odd team you know this is everything
I giving you 5 pounds
Messi Messi masu big Tucker I and
Lorenzo okay well you know what that's a
good it's a good opportunity to make us
up bloom not boost dani alves running
about Wendy running busy right there you
go
and then finesse bang what wait look oh
my no iris aside
how did I still not school all this look
good jobs go on TV bro yawn yawn please
please be on your side please get to
that Neymar take a touch and cross it
where is why is he poor so far back wait
all see the job through treasure eyes
with the slowest person on the pitch
seen you far sites and Neymar ah that's
a sick - great - oh my game is gonna be
the death of me honestly racket it whips
a ball in it's quite far out they were
careful but Johnny overs corner right
where zebra zebra
Ebury but as keepers come out for it it
will him people only when controlling
him at this point it was oh wow that was
close
grab one nail we can win this very good
trust one take such Gareth Bale on his
left fine go on mate just leave us all
for this minute is there gonna be Turner
oh is it is it gonna be two in a row yes
it is it's two in a row I mean when
you're coming up against this team
you're gonna worry a little bit on you
but this is very gift interesting
because I normally go out at this point
he's got three and a team of the year
let's see what we can do can we get into
the final over I was a plank then if he
wants me to make a sub or make us up
eyes brought on a balmy yang and bail oh
no oh Tsar with the first save these ads
are making quite a while but we'd get
rid get rid get rid get rid or fail
turns out and then finesse it's a
default pose how is that what what was
that I figured out this guy's tactic
with players he literally just run
that's it in a straight line
just run Ebru and make a run make a run
not in not there not okay you know what
you know what see me bro with the early
ball early ball that's not enough he
doesn't have enough power in his left
foot I mean it's right foot no to bail
please have a right foot for what why
can't I cross I leech
all I need to stop using people's weak
foot don't know guys I don't think I'm
gonna be able to meet this guy quit my
half time you know I think this actually
might have to be a full-out game but get
he's market up we're gonna have to go
for it and Messi
you're taking the bloody poos particles
ah oh now I have the frickin team of the
year Messi is better team in a season
such a hard life only having a 98 rated
messy come on messy messy messy run
finish it
Neymar is absolutely won't fail foot
right and then there he goes there he
goes treasures that was stopped no that
was really really nice play as well I
really like where is my defence where's
my team he's oh my god he's gonna score
one of these of me my team is that my
team's tired I think this is it you know
what this is what no matter ah no I know
your team in a season matter come on
just let me have my moment man come on
give that to Ypres there's the ball
there's a ball there's a book ah that's
it extra time we're going straight those
stalkers no one can score we're both
rubbish ah this game has not been fun
this is it though this is it gonna fail
left foot bank go done it's done one
kneel like that why can't I just do that
two minutes that took and then to nil no
no no no you don't want to score though
if it's only one goal that I'm not happy
I'm really not hungry
this is why I'm not having this is why
I'm not happy this is one RB get rid get
rid of that ball a double and hoping for
that fibre earlier that he scores this
gold ready
and wait mister it's done a chance still
still counts wait still counts still
kinda you guys a tenner
one goal is all that it is right now one
goal holy cow where is what you know
what defensive defensive right and this
is gonna pop it's gonna pass it no way
is he just scored by controlling the
ball taking the best mate long time one
hundred and twentieth minute hundred and
twenty minute where are you
no I wanted to just cross it wait a
second wait a second
but that was a shot it's actually going
pen wheel oh I'm so bad at penalties I
never win especially when Matt humbles
is my first penalty and I told you guys
I'm not I'm not scoring okay it's not as
bad as this golden
what a duck you saw me edge there please
please please
oh good pen though I barely know what
stay there
nope not that time a dice sign a ma
please please please please please
please
that's it it's over guys it's over I'm
out in the semi-final I'm out no we're
just gonna stand there right we're gonna
talk left again okay if we can save this
we're back just let us go there are you
serious if I score this I'm still in oh
he knows top left again great pen this
is it
please Leonel messy don't do this to me
just with solid a Gareth Bale please
I've gone top left again and he knows
I've hit the post i prick it hit the
post that's a good pen as well you know
what we're gonna just go slightly better
saved it again this guy can take pen
through it I can save this and come back
I'll bake a big register where is it a
final but comeback of Dreams in
penalties mad be final for like the
hundredth time or 186 the legend okay
it's right I we're off we're off into
the final week oh can we manage to
secure a draft win for once in this
messy messy with the little gerbil
there's a ball don't bang how will you
save it we know what I'm gonna one-arm
sick I'm sick and tired of this we just
bring an apron I'm not being stupid in
come zebra that that's the Ebro it's
Aldo he'll do what they'll do this
always a fight over this bad
this is very bad yeah he had like three
people on me there
oh one all in the final oh this isn't
good we had it we had it in the palm of
our hand
bail bail bail ibrahim ah no no no
racket it's just nothing that first time
and that was at all but almost a
guaranteed goal you know ha ha ha ha ho
please be on side please be on side
Messi it uh he's widely run away from
the ball so I thought he was a sight
just here just hit a ran away go on bail
gone gone know what you know what and
then Phyllis the wait named ice never
there for the rebound this is good this
is very good there we go there we go
and what was that for a pulse Messi Oh
like always crumble in the final ebrill
run run at all rest that's a foul thank
you it was almost in the area as well oh
there go don't go that's a bull halftime
it is and we are winning we're winning
in the final and it looks very
comfortable it's only one goal who knows
don't do anything that my mother
wouldn't do a bra he Brooke wait Libra
wait this to the shots there's still a
shot there you go and then a Brooke no
Mon please please Oh bail bail
how have you missed flat and then wreck
a ditch
what a finish that may have just wrapped
up the final oh my god he has a
free-kick on the edge of the area are no
no no please
jump
Hey nine minutes hi I want to cool it
now but I have one unless this this will
make me no this will make me no this
will make me no ha 90th minute though he
needs to girls blow your whistle wait
now don't blow whistle don't blow your
whistle I want one more chance
oh ok blow whistle blow we've won a
trough finally we deserved it well
destruction show me my prize baby four
wins in a row come on show me my price
please please please please do good
please a mega pack and a piss at AI
we're gonna go with the smaller pack
first just we don't know what we're
gonna get but team of the season la liga
is there right now and we get nangou l'm
a mega pack 18 res a mix of players and
consumables are not getting anything
nice get a good play boof on no Sirico
Oh at least we won the draw that's what
counts
I'm gonna say thank you guys for
watching and I'm ecstatic right now hey
yeah thank you guys for watching and see
ya that was it even close that was a
terrible attempt when Zaman please can
you just finesse one into the top corner
duh bear in mind that I swear that is oh
my god
I want to sell him don't even know who
him is but I want to sell him don't be
that guy stop being that
no no no no wait get me there to get to
get to what the what the Frick cooling
it right now there is
