hey guys what's going on and welcome
back to another video we are doing a
truth or lie challenge there is a many
night game on in the background just
their words no fans how this is gonna
work is we're gonna take a turn to say
two statements one of them is true one
of them is forces it's kind of like two
truths from lies that we made it shorter
basically no one can say it's boiler
you've still got the tag on your jacket
that's because yeah brand-new and
exclusive wait wait no every time a
person guesses at which staple was true
or false if they get it right they get a
point and it's where most points at the
end with black I went trick-or-treating
to the same house four times in one
night
oh I broke my brother's TV on Christmas
Day that was his present well now begin
to ask questions about each statement
and try to figure out which one is real
which one could you change out knows I
hope that's the like you can see our
next slide you've got to nail our babies
no we do but we no no way no way
any other news the second one again I
break my brother's TV on Christmas what
bring my name's Blanche it was a 28 inch
TV was it one of the men the ones in the
back off with a new clothes is a newer
it was a shell for that man how did you
break you I basically just picked it up
and threw it on the floor
they gave me a PEZ I don't know either
way you have to do you have to pick or
knowledge now you pick you're not
combining are you getting you're not let
the other buck go up pick your own
answer same costume same house four
times in the same night I don't believe
it that's not you so you're saying the
TV's much TV smash if I'm gonna say the
trick-or-treat literature no sense to
you is true you'll sign check the
trickster yeah one of you is correct the
correct answer was I want really long
time so research thanks to mr. whippy
from the pond this shape was incredible
what's the other statement I want to
have a ball its toothbrush and this is
what I was on Gary Young so why did you
wipe your bum with a face brush no
toilet paper
I'll I had socks as well on my feet
Edd's I'm going by this one oh it's just
a weird kid I one thing these are both
very salacious well that they are both
true
she understood pretend I'm gonna go the
toothbrushes true I'm beating them what
because it's Paris I felt like he went
into too much detail about the person
who is he you've been playing games with
me I'm playing games with me you gonna
say well you know now you're going I
once had to get my hair completely
shaved off because I attempted to cut it
at school
with a pair of left-handed scissors okay
you know the other one is I once shaved
off my pinky finger now with a pencil
sharpener ah okay so another one was
your hair when you first started cussing
yes I didn't go barbershop it used to be
dead doing the trimmers
I mean I already know which one I'm good
how old are you when you put the finger
in the pellets a drummer we're the same
age convenient well maybe one of them is
a twisted truth the pencil sure that's
true
my logic is live your head I'm going to
cut out the scissors and I had a massive
whole patch in my hair that's where I
had to get real shaved off is not true
lupard oh I'll go with what I said your
chocolate is not okay
I go with pensive shot that is true I
was a pencil sharpener wars in bead Oh
world of oil
I have watched once the zinc at least 50
times for in one summer the other
statement I don't know my seven times
table is it ever what 7 times 8 say
things like he's like the other day
exactly Monsters Inc 50 times in this um
how many days would you say is in summer
oh by the way new Incredibles is coming
soon yeah I know
okay well the determine are just baloney
depending if they pass yes wants to take
each trip sure reversing the same piece
mine of us again Francois the correct
statement was did watch yeah I was had a
girlfriend online oh and also once got
caught masturbating at my mother's
friend's house by my best friend why are
you your mother's friend's house because
my mom used to always see a friend
outside shared a computer upstairs which
i played runescape off that with you
mini girlfriend hey button was that
morning every mr. Rainey my home but I
was amused together and attack tonight
picture boobs picture of boobs
it was one of these you know
gets wet it's like they go through by
the unbelievable yeah
and then it just kind of you start skip
ah but I was looking for me at that age
was a girl anything
rugby tl8 I'm one day which she just
didn't log on ever again I was very
upset you got catfished and this was at
the part of runescape where they just
brought in like building houses cells
gas gas stove my house because I was
what internet browser did you use
whatever was the norm Jews back then
no no Jen you there I've always used
Google Chrome cheese goggle chrom has
been available so i played runescape on
google chrome and some of the forums
amongst friends one is a lie
hi Bruce M alright your mum's friend
never caught you wanker you had a
girlfriend
no I composed GCSE music practical
myself and performed it or my mum must
quote me peeing behind the sofa why are
you peeing behind the sofa
cuz the toy that was a long walk away
GBP African reaction I don't really know
what else to ask about this why would
you do that if you know you know it's
true I think your mom cool going against
everything why I'm gonna someone needs
to win this I'm gonna
I'm gonna take unsaved that is alive
okay I feel like he's got musical
abilities he looks at the other I think
in compositing I did indeed get co-op is
Aman ya know I reminded me of it was a
video that went around on Twitter the
other day of some kids they've been
peeing in a drawer for like oh okay now
the final round you each get to ask one
question to the statement you want one
question each okay okay okay so my turn
I once went to a friend's house and when
I was very young my brothers convinced
me they basically tried to be nice just
because I have faith in you would not
blame the dog and my brothers why the
 would you whack that way well
that's a good question I say why do you
want
that way you can't give me an answer I
just find it uncomfortable wife and get
away look I have your button again time
to say so if any made is that with the
white the white is alive
oh why that's true okay once again
opposite to what you said just to make
em be saying that the vacuum is true
ladies and gentlemen I can't confirm
that I did white balance yeah I enjoy I
recently found out that one of the pair
of Yeezys I own is fake snake doesn't I
feel as we get really deep sentence the
other statement is I once acted for a
Nigerian TV station no no ever it made
it to the TV station in the only but I
did act like hero we get to ask how did
you find out the easiest one thing one
of my friends made me what did you do in
this show oh I just said some lines for
Eric I remember for the life of the way
what did you do I was it there's just me
acting up some other kids might we're
having a conversation about some I can't
remember what the it was Nigerian
one's true I'm gonna say easy big man I
don't care about image Tim why do you
care
easy
no there's nothing enjoy it's fine I
ain't even curb my hand today that's
what I'm gonna go do master want a
ticket w okay laughing yeah well it's
not a video then thank you guys for
watching make sure you check out both
the channels in the description a Pigman
who won I think I won you came second
yeah I think I'm switching your shoes
you got the Tom's in description below
thank you
which is bad cam don't even know me
so me and my dog like Cody and I only
 crazy girls to come home that
come Brody better come try it's like Oh
be damned
so I'll shout - Alexander McQueen I
don't even know what that mean trying to
live life on every day scream
