booyaka France that's what I should have
called my team booyaka France
damn man anyways asked you guys who
watch you buy because I had so many
coins you guys said get bends more j2
gets to slap you why would I why would I
knock my pension I facing getting
slapped today guys I'll get one with
lots of contracts and done ten and our
thousands we still have a lot of coins
because all of these people so not so
much but you know they've sold so these
tips we will list those again and we
still have about 10k now who do we get
rid of I think it's gonna be Remy
someone did say we should get Ribery and
it did have a few likes so that that's
nothing to think about we're gonna try
our Benzema straight away and use the
french team in Division two and if we
win one game we are safe two games and
we only need one more win after that to
get promoted
so today's pretty important this guy has
West time as his name where summer skits
and he doesn't have a single West Ham
player he's even called West cap alright
let's try this I've only just noticed
that Mon is the last part of Simon okay
no one else cares that's great but I
yeah go Wendel fuck I'm try and tackle
me hey if you're not gonna come tackle
me I'm gonna score hiya is on a roll
today
Boise wait wait you might be what what
Ref oh come on dammit player
oh no no no no no big tiger all great
block you guys question my center bags
what the Frick was that what the hell
was that
how did he get through this little gap
here look at that touch all right and
then turn it and then shot back I'll not
chop you but whoever what I press the
wrong button
what do I even press we go Bentham are
birds apart look at and then
oh I've on the free kick can I'm a free
kick please come on we can score we can
score one more one more
yeah gone nice let's Bob
finesse that's not fair I thought the
deflation could take it in Benzema
Benzema get a goal we need Benzema to
get a goal today that's a shocking ball
but wait wait what's going on he's
scared of the ball Brisbane
wait no damn it there it is halftime and
we're drawing an e I mean I could can
draw again but not this one I deserve to
win this one please throw me good at
free kicks and jump oh I guess a decent
strike I'm on Griezmann flame visage
there you go the police
you know what just that wasn't even
close that was a terrible attempt
friends amar please can you just finesse
one into the top corner duh bear in mind
that's where that is
oh my god I want to sell him don't even
know who him is but I want to sell him
don't be that guy stop being that no no
no no no wait
get rid of to get to get to what the
what the Frick calling it right now
there is going to be a 90th
there's got to be a 90th minute winner
unless I can just whip up all in matter
reading because well you can I feel like
I feel like you could've got that oh
he's making us some boozy bring it on
okay that's fine I was waiting for a you
know over a now that oh hello hello
mother back
wait I'll take a corner I guess we can
still get the crust in now all those
bang corner again fall in there it is
keep us coming out it's gone
wait wait wait wait wait ah we lose to
the target that guys this is it this is
the hon this is the 90th minute goal and
that isn't it going away okay where is
it wait could be could still be but the
other way around
oh no don't let pass don't let do not
let him score now get back here pump
give me the ball give me the get rid get
get rid okay there we go
we drew us not very good it's just a
very dull game I mean if I draw one a
win two then I'm still promoted but I
still need I just need two wins honey I
had two wins at a point bvl team you're
gonna have to step up we are playing
against brazzers and okay normally you
beat two passes this time I'm gonna have
the beet brothers here we go go on
George run round them all run round
make a run all right no no um guys I'm
not super comfortable right now he's
doing ball rolls which means is probably
quite good I know ball rolls don't seem
like much but if you know about bulldoze
you're quite good no yes shit what a
save yeah oh yeah wait
that's horrible it's in its aim that was
a horrible horrible pass no holy cow
this guy's good this guy is very very
good guys I thought browsers just meant
to be like helpful for this but it's the
opposite it's actually hurting me maybe
that's why he's called brasses cuz it's
like porn watching this guy he's
actually very very good there you go
just like know what to touch back and
then turn there you go there we go we go
one get across it though
dab it kpop is literally the first
chance I've actually had the levels of
concentration are real right now okay
ahh - what
see that lag made it's a half time
somehow I I don't think I've had a shot
I'm pretty sure and I haven't had a shot
yet okay I've had one shot don't know
when that was this is definitely going
on breasts laughter it's all right what
stories I think one date but it's worked
out kind of and then take a Dutch well
that's all that was in George there you
go ba ba ba ba ba yeah yeah I'm
definitely starting to get back in for
this but I don't have like I just don't
get past this last line of defense
come on George George what soup - no no
no here we go George George go George
wobbling doesn't for damn it why can't I
cross wait a second wait how my lord
have a lot it was a good cross it's a
very good cross because he's very little
so it would be very hard to win a header
just need a goal that's it that he's
free it's free wait wait bang you need
to score that oh no he's gonna tacking
on something right now he's gone very
attacking he suddenly got a lot of
people forward make tackle make a tackle
how is he cool this is it this is it
88 2-minute 88th minute Oh No watch the
line watch there what's it okay alright
we have a chance now we have a chance
run but right we're gonna pass it back
plus a back turn turn out nice wait I
need to turn where am I going when I get
alright pass it in if he's not marking
it no bro again how we draw Matt Amelie
yeah she got destroyed in the first half
but second half I destroyed I mean look
at my shots just wouldn't go on target
we need two wins out of our last three
to get promoted let me know who you want
me to buy okay I think after I finish
this division I'll try the draft again
it's up to you let me know in the
comments if you want me to thank you
guys for watching and sleep I put a
whole band a jelly bean
oh no what's yours what's your white
please at home there you go me falling
off my chair and cards against humanity'
yes sir I though I had a condom on my
head judges what's the words what was
that let's go back that is
