what's up guys and welcome to another
reacting to sidemen vines this is part 3
I have done one before with Josh and JJ
now I'm here with Vic yeah but first
have you seen this before no games I
don't sure pick 73 Minnie Mouse that's
all I wanted a math instructor rock
about us oh is that a feather JJ though
video contains creative beyond in the
beginning match I was brave I hope their
voice is sped up though I hope their
voice know I met them muscle it sound
like really no I wish the awesome I so
this is best side-bend vines pot 3 3 as
a kwinto is all you can't be attracted
without confidence to look better
destroy other people's confidence I like
the bit why Josh let me make it Joshy I
don't this is it you see there goes
again
destroying confidence right there
thought you could catch the glove but
yeah these destroying confidence the
whole vine all those bass about what
happened here this is oh this is
different vines virginity to that oh
we're now reacting to us reacting oh
nothing we can't react you're exception
we call react so outside why confuse me
so much I was like that was a reaction
but we just we reacted too I put a whole
bag of jellybeans
oh no what's yours what's your white
please at home there you go me falling
off my chair and cards against humanity'
it yes sir either I had a condom on my
head
judges what's the word what was that
let's go back that is pretty bad I've
never actually happened right that's an
edit isn't that the guy from Eurovision
the guy who can see you Josh you know
what actually does bit love you can
affect another picture by the picture is
not here that's on my Josh had a wig
that is the like facially nice game Zack
same Josh he got a different video do it
for the video I just pawned some ass car
and stuff and your Gucci Ethan's woman
is a genuine picture that's a flat spot
oh yeah I could be a good girl
yeah I see you just give that win - Josh
know why we saw some film I was on
filming cow changes t-shirt two phones
basically a song that sounds like this
started playing and then cow was like I
will gonna dance at the drop put his
camera down and then decided I'm gonna
change shirt halfway through then Josh
didn't done semion Carol they're like
and we just let ya we look stupid we
know you want take a nap again do so
then you want to take a nap
what it counts face sums it up I watch
you carry my himself that was I felt
like this sums up joshan a lot of things
is it about time enjoy the fuck up
Seidman on the path was not the intro to
it now I don't know why do we have to
bring up the past
okay you said sorry I said the right and
the right thing I'll be regretting it
are you gonna be leaving yeah I felt
like I need to use this more on Twitter
as a reply shut the fuck up I need to
use that more to tell you on any one
reflects I anyone down hey Simon having
a good day shut the fuck up to action
but why we all had messed up hair you
know I'm actually surprised by though is
you know how he just showed all of us
with wigs yeah I'm surprised that there
wasn't a single one actually it's not I
don't know I was just JJ I was gonna
suggest yeah this is no war hair all of
us with wigs and the dangers normal wear
his new hair is been getting mixed
reception Scott don't Mimi I'm calling
it next one's nice funds that is
definitely in that you think yeah his
hair at least something to do with this
hair okay I was bad to do it till I look
down
those thought buzzes a very abrupt
endings just a bit assignment and a
little bit of me better Simon to wrap it
up I don't think I had a tie in the
video I think you've added that okay I
think that look at the same fun same fun
as what Seidman sported you didn't take
more a bit cuz just figured out it was
you right well that's all for part three
of the best sidemen vines if there is a
part 4 let me know thank you Vic for
being in the video everybody check them
out in the description and subscribe
over there thank you guys for watching
and see it helps
