first there were 50 k-pax come on
okay well be nap times hang around
Sonique boom too early we all just I
don't know who that is a to look back
it's pretty good I think I will take it
one move on 3,000 left come on come on
you get we're gonna get come on go go go
go go up just bump gardling up but
that's how you say it's me I think that
lays there we got to losing this we can
get one more visit with a little bit of
a milling Oh Jake 87 rated Raphael then
the 45k pass over the one we want who's
that
ha yeah thanks the eight are and now
there are a hundred k-pax out here we go
come on hundred k-pax seven and a half
thousand left please please please give
me a blue one blue that's my blue that
is that's back up okay can we how many
could we get how many can we get I've
literally like woken up you know like a
little bit ago so we are going that's
why my voice is a bit come on give me
something good cut while to write then
for the one in form is good oh if that
was like a couple hours later he'd be a
91 record breaker I need a blue I can't
buy all of these hundred K bikes and not
get one blue please tap it principal I
blow this yes yes all right I kiss check
I don't even know who you are gonna take
you I'm so happy I've got one blow
already so that that has brought this
total of Blues up to quite a lot and
pastori brilliant
I'm a gold good rated blue though I
haven't got one of those top ones you
know the
we get with kamini or Katina I don't
care which one it is yeah I don't think
I'm gonna have an issue with the opening
all these packs there's actually quite a
lot they're not very good though we get
to brine STIs and I'll another it for
r√ºdiger no no no no why is it that way
you doing that way doing that don't give
me issues thank you I don't want I have
enough issues as it is damn it come on
give me a book George
boom-boom Leon Leon Herrera 83 and an 87
rated ah to Blues lay in her later
get in my club and let's open some more
come one come all
come on blue bow bow bow motherfucker
eighty-eight races now we're into
ordinate cuz wha I'm actually out of
breath another song
Oh
eighty-three ray and we are games so
many blues almost our plates and we have
to buy more cuz this is actually worth
it for one the first time I've ever had
good luck Jordie Albert nah an in-form
I know what you're probably thinking why
they get inside over and in form
compared to like an 86 red player it's
the fact that I pack the others so much
like disco I pack him so much that you
for rated better than the import but I
don't get the informs that much oh god
this is gonna be a lot of coins and we
are still spending more for
Randa you vibrate though could always be
won I've already got in the because
there we go
tap I have made a space on the transfer
list he can go there now I got guy son
as well just that I didn't realize he
would be powerful if it was another
hourly to later why am i spending so
much on this it's cuz I'm getting
players for one I'm actually getting
blues but I haven't got good blue light
a very good blue and now I blows there
we go Oh see I'm not getting good one
thumb get all the light out Lee oh I
wanna put the Spiga player please oh
yeah I'm actually I'm already tired I
just woke up and I'm already tied again
from all this vitamin noise I thought
nah I thought for a second dealing with
Galu Sal oh man
woohoo he's actually decent there we go
to the Bundesliga what oh my god
this is so much money just going and
going but I'm actually worried about not
being able to open enough packs and now
I'm worried for my own safety about
opening too many packs this is
ridiculous we can't okay quit we got a
machi Co they could still be in a tree
make three but there is another inform
I'm slowing down guys slowing down this
is this is an incredible pack opening
for me it's so many freakin clothes holy
crap other people again amazing place as
well okay well turns help people are
actually getting while they're getting
like less but more in one pack which I
want that one pack I've had two Blues in
the one only get two blues and an
in-form
or three blues in a pack come on please
we need no it needs to be a blue that
flashes up at gone guys they've all gone
javi Alonso the Blues are out of there I
think I think I got in just in time I
think I got perfect time to get the
Blues now I think they're all going out
uh packed because we haven't had one in
a while and changes got another blue I
can hear him getting them I have to get
more come on please please can I have
another blue I'm not even looking I'm
looking over here now I am and we get up
via Wayne Rooney no I don't want to
waiting room he I want to blue I have a
blue bleep I can hear him and I know
he's gonna mug me off you know I've got
stop giving me it's go oh okay Jung Yoo
ah ah we've slowed down a lot slowed
down quite a bit right now because
in the traps the about 190 rated player
come on bro
boom-boom by t5 rated I thought it was
gonna be a much higher cause using first
one the flasher we're going in a blue
either back can we get back to backpacks
please like the back blues blue give me
what bulb no go bail though and 87th
Quebec no there's no that's an 87 Gareth
Bale not spending any more after this
guys this is my last like you pack okay
no I I don't want to spend anymore I
don't want to know how much of
specialties I just want them to give me
something better than an elbow there's
less there's still 3,000 packs available
I can't I can't do any more I can't
spend more than this please
why do I keep getting his gold please eh
just take them out the father they've
been last in half an hour it's
ridiculous I don't get how they're still
with Sanchez a pair of sisters inform as
well being happy the screaming really
takes out you it's yjj falls asleep
everywhere he goes come on please give
me one more one more good blue what did
i do what did i do no no no no no no no
no Jonas 91 I said I'm done if I get a
90 red plus I'm done I'm done I'm out
I'm out how that actually finishes off
the plaque opening I am done for today
with the plaques and okay I wasn't you
know I actually opened another one while
you guys were talking B yeah that is
actually it thank you guys for watching
I hope you've enjoyed the ridiculous
amount of Blues that I've just got I
know daddy others debris along what I'll
just name there we go that actually does
end it now thank you guys for watching
just holy shit we just got an oh my god
oh my god dude oh ah carriers as well I
don't even know why I'm recording this
no more maybe okay now I am ending it we
get to hoot again that's it that's it
you can go to the list after we answer
this one hey that's actually for
watching see yo guys and welcome to the
very best episode like number of 1
billion or something your top comment
today very very useful one by Ethan's
mom for 5 minutes 5 minutes later we
play chess and my coins haven't changed
another comment was to so all of the
players I had that I didn't use so we
have everyone here we're just gonna
listen
