yo guys and welcome to the very best
episode like number of 1 billion or
something your top comment today very
very useful one by Ethan's mom for 5
minutes 5 minutes later we play chess
and my coins haven't changed
another comment was to sell all of the
players I had that I didn't use so we
have everyone here we're just gonna
listen for 3 days right so there they
are they're all listed up for 3 days if
they all sell even for like minimum I
should get another leg got a no 8000
coins which means hopefully by next
episode I will have pretty much 20k
that's quite a lot we can either improve
this team or this team it's up to you
guys my mind is set on division - if we
win both of these we are safe in the
division and we will be five points in
five games that's I need to get back to
the mission one we need to win today
sicka disposition first opponent and I
seen inform FIFA is going really really
slowly today I'm kind of worried so I
was playing a bunch of ghosts just then
there's lag already I think I think this
is honestly FIFA Oh God look at that
look at how slow it is get rid okay all
right we can use this to our advantage
I had many years for playing on slow
Internet oh god this guy's actually kind
of decent this guy's kind of decent he
has to turn back no he doesn't think oh
they go like that and live through
George West West though are those gonna
be like a much quicker turn in Wallops
stay back stay back stay back yeah
oh yeah red the crying he's cool I've
read that quite in and yet my players
still work for it saying good guys this
really ain't good not often I say this
but I think right now I might actually
take a draw against this guy just
because of internet issues
look at this look wait wait wait the
like like like it's good
how am I to kneel down why is it of
cheating oh no that's another goal is it
does it have a go
what oh my doing how does he keep
getting away from my defense oh and he
scored three nil in 25 minutes
oh my days that has to be a rent that
that's a straight red is that my hope
right there go and put away right puzzle
one more all right and then keep running
just keep all right no how did you catch
everyone what see like that where's my
players going tell you what if I could
get one goal before half-time I think I
may have a shot Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go
this sit this is my last shot this is it
and I really fluffed it up that much how
is he stop that I'm gonna lose for 10
men I don't even own a shot on target
Oh a chart the charts gone against 10
mid-weight no no no that loves a cross
where it is his team just came out of
nowhere he's how us still getting
through this is left back left back is
he a striker cuz what's the matter John
he literally I don't I don't get what it
is and he has something on this only boy
le boy le ball please told you he's got
something on this you have a chance we
have a chance if we played it over he's
taking it touch it
David Silva your left footed wait wait
gun good what headed put it back heading
back
Osgood please please Lukaku this kid was
come on wait there's a chance there's a
chance at Chico's all are red pen pen
pen please the question on everyone's
mind can Simon pull it back I don't know
how many of you have to get but I just
want a goal at least look how many
people we have back playing him one more
breath how is he saving that all outside
let's go where's what team where's my
team go go run run gorg lamb off then
to below a bar with room that would
absolutely ruin this attack where is
your place nuke a coup against Kalin
please look good George I brought
everything run onto it moreno takes a
touch with his right and you're not
putting your life on the line for that
that's it that's game ton I lost for new
hope the next game does no any lag I
know you guys are gonna believe me that
trust me that messed with me I mean he
was very clinical we have ten shots ten
on target or goals I deserve to lose
I am a to that mistake again we need to
be safe ah we're playing someone with a
one of those kits oh my god really
we're playing someone with a kit where
you can only get it from a tournament
got Ronaldo Bay when it has its whoo
let's try and see what we can do a gate
that's about starting yo-yo the son of
little turn in and I've even gone down
that little bit of break hang on leave
of your one that why can't I defend
today seen you seen the rod seen one
room or tenant and then turnin yeah you
knew I was turning in but you can't stop
George best oh no oh no oh no oh no oh
no oh that's a flower there oh no he's
picking it up no he's off side that's
fine ah not much is happening right now
right som some but yeah
and all the job oh oh
Greensburg the nests are the women it's
so good we go where do we go where do we
get what no bones oh not do not touch
the ball don't not okay do not know what
all right
I even have time to scratch my nose
going but I'm not even talking English
anymore he goes and then for this for
this oh don't be like okay he's not that
guy got to get there nice okay someone
get to him someone get to him someone Oh
Mike always scored that somehow for
somehow he's passing the ball into the
area like that we gotta play please no
side please please just deflect run ah
to one come on we need to win a game
today
oh the ball from the goalie trick one
rep rep thought you saw that try it you
drug rep please how is that how is that
not a penny we can someone describe how
that is explained either I'm nervous man
I might double the shots double shots
and target double the goals but I don't
mean nothing at the end of the game
unless the stats were at the end of the
game and not let him pass you if you get
passed through we're screwed if he gets
past that winning he can score facing
the wrong way the same understand ah we
have 23 minutes left and go go go play
pause that's a good ball it might be a
little bit far you know what you know
what you know what yeah yeah what if I
dribbled Slovak poor Niles hoping it
found me seen you in there they go they
go oh that was so close
ten minutes remaining and we are winning
this game no no no no no
okay we'll take another throw in with
just time I'm not time wasting which is
wasting time oh six minutes remaining
oh no no no just stop the crook okay not
even crushing it he's just running he's
running he's running rock the shop I put
him off just in time right now we have a
child fit while we'd have a chance we
have a chance to time waste
I mean waste time that's the time but
why is it doing this now why why why why
why why is this happening
what please that's gotta be him please
be here please be him yes we won one
more win and then we are safe if we win
lose win lose win lose or however many
we need
so hopefully make them solo should have
around 20k coins let me know you want to
buy top corner when I to stake us
watching soup that's right we are live
streaming the event I know I know
celebration yeah oh well okay so we are
streaming the event you know what's
going we are going to be streaming the
events to YouTube on to a sideman
channel which has just started and you
can find it in the description you guys
all need to go over there and subscribe
to it the live stream will be on there
on the 3rd of June it will start roughly
6 p.m.
