yo guys what's up and welcome to some
news this isn't a Q&A I'm sorry but we
do have some good news I'm gonna say we
I mean the Seidman now if you guys
didn't know we are playing a charity
football match at Southampton on the 3rd
of June hello
anyways that sold out and they obviously
weren't any more tickets available I
tweeted out about the possibility of
potentially getting more tickets but
that that's all that's all foolin
through now you know that we wanted to
announce that we are going to livestream
the event on YouTube that's right we are
live-streaming well ok so we are
streaming the event you know what's
going we are going to be streaming the
event to YouTube on to a sideman channel
which has just started and you can find
it in the description you guys all need
to go over there and subscribe to it the
livestream will be on there on the 3rd
of June it will start roughly 6 p.m.
don't quote me on that it may be 5 p.m.
it may be earlier it might be whatever
the match begins at half 6:00 after the
match we obviously have a channel that
all you guys want to see content on so
we have a couple of ideas we want to
hear from you we want you guys to go to
that video and comment what you want to
see on this channel after the live
stream so honestly all you go down to
the description right now ok keep
scrolling
yeah and now I'm off your screen alright
and now click the channel and now click
Subscribe and now our needs to comment
on the video what you want to see right
now that's done ok you're done all right
this is actually huge for us so we want
to see all of you there this is a
charity day there's gonna be a lot of
money going through charity hopefully
the entire thing goes smoothly but if it
doesn't yeah you guys are gonna see on a
livestream unless you're there then
you'll actually see it live so that
piece of news 1 the sidemen channel go
subscribe no dots the sidemen app that's
right so we released an app maybe a week
or two ago you can find that in the
description as well it's a free app kind
of like a social media where we post
some exclusive content all our videos
are on there your messages you can make
memes you can do whatever you want
except make toasties you can't do that
there'll also be things like exclusive
discount codes to cite men clothing
stuff like that or like I might do a Q&A
based on it I know I haven't done my
last Q&A but once that one's done the
next one will probably be done on the
app so you guys will have to send in
questions on the app if you want me to
answer them so again find that in the
description and the third and final
thing is
today as long as this video is going up
on the Sunday so Saturday me and Joshua
circa released a new series that we are
starting is basically like me be him
kind of thing of real life things I'm
terrible with descriptions this is like
a 10-second preview
so I have the challenge Josh as a vlog
of the entire day which you can find out
both in the description next episode I
will be having the vlog he will have the
challenge so go subscribe to him as well
so you'll see that and again if you have
any suggestions you want us to do you
can let us know on those videos I think
that is everything I mean we have some
other things that were pretty excited to
let you guys know but you're not allowed
to just yet thank you guys for watching
sorry this is a very informative video
and you know not very long either but
yeah a good day and see
