new team others say though I'm only two
days late goodness League a team of the
season is out Lewandowski 98 great I'm
doing a draft right now and I'm gonna
choose any Bundesliga players that I can
I'm gonna try and make a Bundesliga team
screw Liga BBVA one too many B's and if
you notice the midfield are all left or
right mix so we're not gonna go for a
three for three
and as you notice there are two good
strikers there's a couple good strikers
down there and there right mids and left
mids and stuff so we're gonna try and
play like a 4-4-2 if possible let's see
what we're gonna get we didn't get a
4-4-2 but know that we don't we need two
strikers you want to strike that one ah
no none of them have two strikers except
that one that is on the right middle
left mid I'm gonna take a four four one
one because there was a mullah there
centre forwards just hope I get a mullah
please please please Kosta will do to
start all vomiting as well now similar
season's over normal cards any day
Bundesliga Bundesliga Bundesliga
Bundesliga please please please don't
want to choose BBVA and I'll have a
Premiership team instead Bundesliga
please Liga ah we actually are going to
have a BP I'll team up with oh this is
gonna be bad this kids not gonna what
what is that
I'm gonna take them just as Kim diseases
mark come on come on wow my bench baby
freaking amazing with this why am I
getting strikers through centre forwards
I have to choose him even though there's
290 rate is I've got she's a ppl shortly
we get a normal a Bama yang or a Kang
we're gonna take a team of the season
because I'm hoping I can get Tim to
seize the Bamian as well please give me
some Bundesliga players I know okay a
Hulya Sicarius
it's Bundesliga ah screw it I'm not
caring about rain for this I should say
boom fun but we're gonna just go for
team of the seasons as much as we can
are those our Hummels but I'm gonna take
the boa tea instead in the hope that I
can get a team of seasoned humble
No oh yeah we have to taste even the
seasons I said our words please please
I'll to put all debris all voice though
said bundesliga go to start we're gonna
stick to that so a more colorful cargo
Donna another team of the season should
live to the other cards before I chose
that but it's too late now screw it
Pedro
I need another cent about Oh Bella Rin
rat hole okay okay it's working out
alright right now and it's all just
fucked up come on give me one give me
okay we'll take you know what would take
a strike 11 dusky no it's not the team
of the season but we have got enough
fish given see you've actually got so
many TV diseases
Rinna ah we're not gonna use Bella I'll
be realistically are we because we have
a customer so I may as well take of an
out literally almost every other card
has been blue now we get will take Zuma
that's it we need to see what we can do
I mean it's pretty decent we have four
similar seasons on the pitch we have 40
mattes seasons on the bench we have a
team in a year on a bed 87 racing 97
chemistry nice little Bundesliga BPL
vibrant their game starts I can bring on
her and out if I need to bring on her
granado's well I mean this team could be
pretty fun to youth so we head into the
draft what are we going to be facing we
are facing yes alright so not legally
BBA so I'm pretty happy though that
legend let's see what we can do come on
Kane and lemon toski are we gonna do
this I'm gonna have to turn out turn
quad cane God came see with all three of
the season cane link it would seem to
see the Casta and such valor in similar
Susan alright that you guys know who to
be the seasons are now so I don't think
I need to say any more
please be on side please be on side
please star bunker stop run run run
another linen huh and then turn in no no
no no all right turn back or the chop
the dolls and chops or miss book here we
go here we go leopard Oski yep nice no
I'm a circle I'm a circle it's informed
now and Dusty's not gonna miss that is
this fake shot here really screwed him
over legal out there he fell over let's
keep going keep it going keep it going
ah I just want a second goal cuz that'll
shut this guy up this is it ready Plus
it down and then play through and then
take at our shrine E and go to Neil just
quit now just quit get out of it go of
my face I don't want to see you here
anymore
Thanks I mean you had another short in
25 minutes game numero dos and that's
why I said numero dos cuz I knew it's
gonna be Spanish Lee come on man
disgust me the worst part is I will
probably end up losing this game when I
um what did I just say he just scored
with Ronaldo that's a great stars in it
where the hell was my team not Ronaldo
needs to stop I mean either that or I
need to start using my Ronaldo no no no
do not lose this ball now clam down
right here we go Harry Kane Harry K
super the season okay da Thor's gonna
turn back and I'm not I'm gonna do that
what was that what the Frick was that is
paused it he wanted me to do it go on
draw never run around just put a ball in
company we need to go back soon so if
you could put football in please just
gonna that's Renaldo's first touch come
on run come on blow in and the dick that
and then for this tiny one oh we're back
like Ron's already getting involved come
on keep it going this guy's honestly
very very good at attacking like I am
pretty worried okay I know that was the
best example but just me he is come on
Harry Harry Harry get going come please
please that's not the ball I wanted Bree
almost won
it's almost worth one because know what
tickle tap breath that's a foul on me
thank you
very go Costa gone he's on the line but
I can put it over him when over anything
doing you know what lemon Dusty's have a
go mate I can I can shoot from far away
I got good players gone good company
what up for that son is void start here
and ends back here oh no no no no no no
I don't give a pen
do you that's why your team with a
season oh my god where's my team where's
my team right he's gonna have to turn
back Rosie whoa bellowing oh the
ninety-eight paste Bella in honestly
this Bella ring is frickin good this
Park a shit ah run with the last chance
the game you know what it's poison
minute no I thought they'd fight just
got short before I could have been it
gormak tackle tackle make attack what a
challenge son what's the tally she's
giving me the last jobs per game I mean
the half notice your breasts are Kane
damn it there is half time I'm winning
but I ain't comfortable no furniture see
I'm not comfortable in this game we've
really started getting to this game
going came what the Fu's that seen you
in there water boy what a ball he was on
side did you see that boss look look at
this ball honestly outside of the boot -
lemon husky what a goal
now though for one the team is Lincoln
well looking even tried to slide it I
wasn't even close
still 20 minutes left you know there's
always time for him to score a couple I
mean you know when you lever Dusty's a
buyer doesn't matter anyway I may need
more than a couple now with 20 minutes
unless he wants to leave and make it
easier for me do you want to ask you
later Vater winds down two more to go
what does the third game have installed
for me oh what a surprise
Liga BBVA there that Butlins a bit
apathy and kids are a little bitter but
you know what we can do with it we can
deal with it that's all good start
though one more and then lemon dose key
you take a free-kick no we won't
okay we won't I thought I did enough for
the referee you know I thought the other
kwikki behind the shed was enough but
not apparently not gun what the foot
that was so slow
gorsh ready know what I just want to
shoot that's what I want to do glare
endorsed go that's the shot back eh
that's my first shot that's all I wanted
I said I just want to shoot I said I
just want to shoot Jack Butland
you don't have chemistry how are you
saving that I want to make three people
in a row quit go and win that headed
back headed back that's not to me it's
not to me
but that is that's to me turn out pain
or fucked it up I shot I shot there's a
little bit like oh my god please you're
actually on your on your on your your
king what toss up one more one more one
more take a touch finish it Rudy ball
through - you don't even know who you
are you're the bust our place would
bring either an out or you who cares
right we're making him quit come on if I
want to make him quit I'm going to
school
come on little dusty do something for me
yeah yeah you think I'll turn it back
but I've got Kane in there
I've got hey how is he saving that yeah
that's why I can mop me short so I can
put it a home forgot bubble oh that's
the chemistry that's the chemistry
coming out so you completely through
your completely through where's your
place
what wait wait okay no no no no I was
going to be a shot then I faked shite in
it ended up in the past 45th minute
listen he scores now I can see it I can
see it happening if he shoots I don't
think he will but if it yeah ah halftime
I don't think we're gonna be able to
make this go quick guys he hasn't had a
strong target in his two shots for both
those free kicks and I'm only one nil up
which worries me for the future okay no
okay no okay where's all the bubbles
Rudy can he can use his feet well we
just can't use his face come on Rudy
where's your base Rudy okay maybe you
can't even use this feet hi this is the
difficult free-kick book Douglas Costa
that's way too high come on let me just
eat come on come on where's your place
where's your strength where's your
strength and your place just hit it but
I'll finish it bang came to nil why here
we go here we go here we go and then dig
in and bang what's a what's a powerful
header three-nil we might be able to
make you quit still possible mock slam
in and then turn back Rudy Rudy doing oh
my god oh my god lemon dusty please
please please you pissed it off a gold
you little melon right gone no no no
that was a meta bish really good shot
oh he's actually on side as only going
to hit it front yeah yeah got one back
nothing stupid now Simon nothing stupid
finish this demo finishes demo he thinks
I have to turn in which I do but not yet
and now yeah how did you miss that sight
better in with the pace with the pace
with the poop the room with the putt
okay
kaitlin laid off wait wait it just went
to the back of me there surely all right
Royce Royce right turn out levin dosti
pass it back one more and then I need to
stop being stupid please be on side
please be on side please be on side
wait who are ok wait I'll fluff it I'll
absolutely fluff that but we win he
didn't have a Shawn target any school
headed into the final where we go what
are we facing oh yes 3 Bundesliga
players a legend and the recipe BDA
ours a really good team when never win
the final the final is underway what is
gonna happen today
please make double I'm so bad at dealing
with pressure get rid why is this
happening why is this happening I'm here
that is through that is come that's
completely through a please just be a
scare
honestly I honestly can't I find a fart
in the final with a sick team and I'm
not being dominating anything
doing all right what the fuck like I
don't I don't get it
and now to bitch great I don't get I
don't ever it happens so much strong and
I just open one of these because I feel
like I should have got a couple of them
for winning how is this gonna kick me
out like that honestly piss me off so
much that's whose fault is David
Rutter's that is him he works va it's
his fault that's all for today I'm
actually pissed off thank you guys for
watching and see it that is massive I
just leave that fly the mandingo of all
because how even it up
I'm not Everest is it you're gonna burn
this one you're at the show the ball
shred the ball third of all see Oh same
in zoom in make you look big
make it look big think of it yup shave
around the edge so let's pick up Eddie
in shape around
