time to go back to b6 time to go back to
the original go back to what everyone
loved I was mean I'm sorry course I'm
talking about divisions we are in
Division two we've only played one game
when we want we need another five wins
out of our nine games to get promoted
back to Division one top comment last
time by David Silva as you said he is
between five and ten K so 7800 meaning
we still have around 7,000 points sorry
Mimi oh but you're gonna be replaced so
the midfield is now looking stack the
last time we were brutally knocked out
final of the tournament 25 minutes or so
away from winning a team in the seats
and Robert who's you know what we're
better off without him let's go guys
okay he's got a team of the season but
it's not the best one our way isn't that
comes high here we go come on Santi
okay you know what Santi right like all
you're good for is passing David so all
I'm saying is this is your debut we have
to win but going down the wing you oh my
god II died she dumped me he's not no
well like what what what what's he given
was he given what what is that for oh
okay that was ages ago
here we go here we go here we go here we
go it's taking the touch about it Oh
your grade your honesty I know I call
him the boy but he's turned into a man
why are you making a sub are always
rubbing it in Ernie maybe this is the
guy who played you know what I'm gonna
pretend it is and I'm gonna get revenge
this is for Robert Huth this is for
Robert whoa that was awful here we go
Gradle rate up up yeah yeah I'm puzzle
ACK and then take such that if Silver's
not having a good game guys
what just swap weapons there we go look
at goof your left foot breath
he's all ours either at Luke egg who's
been out muscle there's gotta be
something wrong with us
Santi Cazorla but but I put a bubble
Santi honestly I'm not enjoying this
Santi Cazorla fellow ah so with the run
answer with the round you know 45th
minute that's a great ball George ah
45th minute
if whoever him he gets a sharp he's
gonna score just give me any shot go
Google please me no I couldn't just sure
I don't want to prom probably not good
Wow I'm being destroyed I don't know
what to do guys I'm not really getting
anywhere right now
ah here we go here we go we got an take
a touch all right ah see did you see
that you see I fell over gone and then
pause it back oh no no no no no no I
please please oh my god he's gonna give
a freak if he's not even get a free kick
why did it go to that guy
damn it silver you know damn it I didn't
know how I'm gonna win this game
now I know just score what like I can't
score for some reason and score now
that's fantastic isn't it
I'd understand it normally but thing is
I've been destroying this that's surely
about it's off this off no no close and
I'll close and win it what what my
players have turned into ice lollies
here we go here we go here we go me push
the bucket just sooo cool okay we're
back in we're back in 200 wallets are
terrific do it right we're not losing
that right go what make the tackle lick
it
oh my oh my days that's aside please no
even we go this visit could take a touch
and look I go oh we're back 83rd minute
I feel like I've been pretty damn
clinical since I started losing oh my
God my god oh oh oh wait yes but now
we've taken the lead
and Max cradle the dippers paws are sad
because all I said is passing is what I
use them for and okay we'll take our
take you wanna take a corner 90th minute
wait what how is that not a corner
that's it we've done it we did it
ah somehow we've managed to win this
game okay I don't deserve it I'm not
gonna lie to you guys one went down four
more wins to go get one more we're in a
pretty good position to get promoted but
it's up to the French team here we go
please please please please he's got a
knee bro no the rest it seems not that
good though use another window so we
need to get this one right
it's just passing around play nice
football he's gonna be one of those guys
that abuses Bieber isn't it gonna be a
strut what what was that what was that
boss
what's the boss all right I guess we're
gonna have to just start one down there
you go through Remy hits it crook Leno
aim for Moran loafer and runaway babes
completely open and it split up the line
Oh
Remy take such finesse Wow Wow I need to
score these if I want to win I should
have had two goals already and I can't
frikkin oh Vanessa Vanessa please thank
you one old finally oh no he's gonna
turn in so what why do my dough honestly
tell me what I'm doing wrong my players
every time I change them they start
running that way and I'm holding that
way here we go that is a horrible
horrible pass but you know why it's
Griezmann Griezmann Griezmann that
though no no no no no come on here we go
here we go here we go do we have anyone
in there we do place short inspire arm
and far side and take a touch and
finesse
holy cow halftime how am i losing this
game honestly the other way around love
game he's gonna win even though I
deserve to oh my days he's gonna pass it
back then
yeah it's dribble ground me okay there's
always an extra layer of hope when you
have Laurie sing goal there we go see
run George run run run the boss boss
finish oh come on I should have scored
there's one where we got 20 minutes you
know what we're gonna go attack it yeah
oh no no no no
this is go bad talking a bit
you act like you're actually a prick
Griff oh my god it's all going so well
as well well not this Gables Lee right
well I guess we go ultra tuck in and see
if we can get anything out of this game
even a draw I mean I'll take anything
right now I here we go here we go this
is it this is it this is it and then
turn in no no right for this for that
wait Matt Oh Evie I beg you school this
just I can't school that should have
been a goal at some point in there they
should have been their goal come on
name off and then you know what turning
and then turn in for this stop blocking
everything I might keep us up This Is It
this is the last chance and his keepers
come and go ahead neat although Oh
although although there's one we have
like two minutes left
and that is we need one more goal it's
taken too long we've taken way too long
we've taken too long give me the ball
get no matter we tease just fucked it up
like that's a pen anyway pop fucking bar
there's freaking what mushroom looking
stupid freaking ugly breath absolute
prick gone yeah got that yeah nice
but now it's too late isn't it it's too
late because you're going to blow the
whistle now aren't you you're gonna blow
the whistle because you're a little oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh yes your friend all
right and now attack aah
we take we'll take a draw we will take a
draw boys tell you what even if you
don't like this Sue's you can't denied
it it is full of ridiculous come back
from your heartbreak and stuff like that
last episode illusion in the final this
episode drawing in the last second after
saving a penalty ah I've deserved it
smell win but I don't want to lose the
main thing let me know what you want me
to do like jobs comments about 7k coins
they've watch it and ship BPL team at a
season I know what you're all thinking
nice hair constable thank you anyways T
vertices a B P L team is ouch means they
are now in the draft so we're going to
try the draft we're going to be choosing
any BPL players you can let's just hope
the a don't push you down the Lily
yeah that's not very good is it right
here we go with allowed to use a draw
token yes I would what formation we
gonna go for we're gonna go for a 4-3
attack
