what's up guys and welcome to sidemen
trying Chinese candy I've seen a lot of
trying candy videos and I see a lot of
the sweets are quite normal or quite
normal to us anyway so I thought I'd do
this video but go for the most
outrageous sweets possible and yeah
China China number one for that salad so
here are the sweets sit up you guys
don't know what these look like what is
the bag sale weaker what is the bag
safer the bag says we only have one up
we only have one up we're gonna do a
lucky dip alright alright so you leave
it like meal it to me cuz I think just
one flipper
go press ok nice should I go say for the
price I'm feeling doesn't really make it
definitely does it just like to feel off
its food okay you won't touch it up and
on earlier a little bit with you know we
have leave like wall
we have whoa there we go you're trying
it won't show what ingredients out your
looks like shit inside Thursday was it
going there I don't reach either you
open it isn't mine is bad for this day
there's a long way if you want yellow at
the other closes exercise your hands
time your openness my race sister food I
don't know I'll try out wrong own
computer on it no there's your beard
hair smell cheap it doesn't look you
know is we cookie dough balls no it's no
sweet Twitter we have the world
goodnight it did you taste of dry yeah
it does cook it over bringing you the
taste of the desert how do you spoil the
fires and saloons is this a challenge is
even though it was a shower who me
would you hang in that meat are you go
out of guess and I'm gonna put it here
and put it on the table what it means um
guy who pineapples no plan of those
coconuts but their dreams of I knew
existed you know that's another
challenge
good Chinese dreams as well and sick
you've messed up there was that look
it's got like read business like a
granola bar that has like dead things
inside it look it's like blah that's
what this isn't even seal
it's just sellotape it's just Selleck
eight pounds black if I error it in them
or anything
hold on I've an idea why is it joking
g-strings there's blood everywhere open
your mouth big bite can I buy a lot of
some pepper
that was a pussy by now then tiny by a
Cleopatra latex foodie don't love it
when all about it smells and tastes like
wool did you say it smells dry job it
seems can taste of a wall the smells
don't it ain't gone he's getting there
he's trying to get a lot better okay
that red bits just broken up and I'm
right inside your mouth maybe we're no
less a semi boomstick original very good
description
Oh No I don't know what this is but it
looks like the bar of soap
could we comment saying you actually a
nerdy guarantee back guaranteed oh oh my
god
what though it smells like play-doh ah
okay that's nice
I won't try that the animal is going in
I love the drinks oh this is what's
picture you're gonna you're gonna see
the drought please drought right now is
drought is Malthus draft that honestly
taste of nothing I only like the crazy
some wacky flavors like goon it's like a
it's like a Hello Kitty on what is a
little girl on the front door exploring
this is a perfect for certain individual
users won't name them no rotative
honestly was quite it in like a reverse
triangle so how do you eat this if I'm
awake
do you open it but we were doing a 3d oh
this could be anything inside this is my
bass back fruit is taco was it these I
assume is that y'all get around it yummy
like your girl Ashley bad I've gone off
route on what papers is 8 over 1 1 2 3 1
2 3
I don't know what the hell these are the
mag or chewing gum
it feels like that it feels like it
looks like gilsu yeah I think it the way
it's fine though I think it's fine you'd
be right but I usually feels like I'm
true I'm even someone else to chain them
how that is I love the little girl maybe
little girls a year
oh that looks like a brownie doll let's
drink on the tower Charles Drake oh
that's better
oh look you realize why is it what is it
boobies and stops my thumb why is it why
is it I'm gonna be I can sell it inverse
bad surely no / mr China - sesame oh ah
oh yes me bye not good thank you
not many being a bit too gooey it feels
like I'm on a Chinese game show and I
poured him enough that things like crabs
testicles I don't know what this is but
it's pretty much opened already it's
good with seeds on water to lose more
sesame it's a second easy this one's
cool you've made a mistake that hope
like fish chili chili what is in spite
you it's got rid of it I'm not good
fucking good oh my gosh that it looks
like we have green goo now it's a new
video yay I was like nigga don't look in
your eyes a great cube we have actual
good let's do why they all rectangles
and cubes and thistles not we have rough
white rabbit brown creamy can be like
drumstick or like marshmallow II know
it's not you spirit weevils oh my god
you get really fat bone new series wrote
to diabetes
I thought it was going to be nice I
smell it it tastes like a nice accessory
again
we're not enjoying the Oasis this
bullshit don't something's go again both
weekly actually looks actually tweet me
what I want for some reason we've gone
green next back that's not right that's
like Hilton nice even it's so close to
my pretties bill if you do you type
touch your nose
oh you can go fast for that yeah where
is this shit um you've got a bigger gun
do you think you base of it
oh shit hahahahaha nothing goodbye oh
sweet thank you candy Donna dryers fuck
burger no no no no no I'm fucking ha ha
ha ha that's the only way to describe it
is it tastes of green it tasted of
avocados mixed with lime avocado
walleyes I gave it a great block look
every eight loads July looks like it
looks like insulation foam that you put
in your lot that's why it looks like
fucking feels like Oh ed more Drive
that's more driving last one oh my god
I'm so dry Dino what the fuck man I'm
number one
yeah well I just love that what that
used to be a slug I would not be
surprised if that shoe in your wax
hello I guess it's genuinely playdough
Leroy good there you little brother
this one's all right give wet one sweet
we like light but once we like it that's
all right yeah there's a little bit of a
pretense
wait I actually totally run out though
yeah yeah yeah the outside isn't good
a little go into a shop and are we sure
we're unwrapping X properly are we
showing a plastic around outside
that's probably where this is a big
Chinese letters on the phone
all right we're eating the white rabbit
brown creamy candy
oh my god I've been waiting one yeah
yeah I've been waiting to see vex all
day long and one for me either
oh all right second yeah Oh what that's
not no stop paper around it that's not a
normal color there's like an active
sweet is the paper maybe you had the
paper guys when I was a kid I see Black
Jacks paper on steel so nice T star bus
and pens like a Nicolette I mean what
are it's the company's yeah that isn't
fitter this is route there's a rabbit on
there overnight
Wow look at you yeah just go get the
paper stick right so that was trying
Chinese candy you can call it candy
I mean this will actually have candy on
it so that minecraft house with candy
yeah if your parents are special or
trying to blast down which one do you
think it is just retool and then someone
China
well almost 1.7 million people or two
people that you're going to see soon
we're these near of them yeah that's
right right so that's all for today you
can check the guys at the description
thanks for watching and ship
BPL team at a season I know what you're
all thinking
nice haircut cyber thank you anyways
team of the season BPL team is ouch
means they are now in the draft so we're
gonna try the draft we're gonna be
choosing any BPL players we can let's
just hope the a don't push you down the
lily the room yeah that's not very good
is it
right here we go what I lied to you the
draw a token yes I would what formation
we gonna go for we're gonna go for a 4-3
attack
