BPL team at a season I know what you're
all thinking
nice hair con Tyler thank you anyways T
vertices a BPL team is out means they
are now in the draft so we're gonna try
the draft we're gonna be choosing any
BPL players we can let's just hope the
ADA push you down the lily guru yeah
that's not very good is it right here we
go what I like to use the drive token
yes I would what formation we gonna go
for we're gonna go for a 4-3 attack
that's right let's see what we can get
co-op BPL to mr. oh whoa okay I know I
don't want to go Liga BBVA and
everything but a Team of the Year Messi
is a teeny is 99 rate Oh super season as
well two minutes using the grey team in
a season okay the highest rated player
there and go for the BPL team Kosta
left-winger come on give me some BPO big
PBL's man I I guess you go with Neymar
if you want to have Liga BBVA let's just
say I do like inform Oscar so I'm gonna
take him come on oh this needs to be
picky OPP yo man ah any esters good but
going fàbregas we're all pretty similar
rated but fàbregas is BPL said was
sticking with ppl ooh
well ha ba I'm gonna take him just for
the sake of it the team is a season at
the end of the day come on team in a
season's team we're the team of seasons
a ppl screw it Marino come on give me B
PL b PL team of mistaken ago dude we're
not taking a short course because we're
gonna get other ones like awesome nd bbl
bbl bbl BP better I don't want to take
him because there's potential for me to
get team to see the better it will take
it to Marcus all right give me a BPO
Goldberg
but let's better go right onto the bench
we need a sentiment at some point this
is just kind of layer over top is Oh
black ppl players come on give me ppl
BPL but song good come on
where are the tier 2 seats of that man
this is awful give me a sentiment timid
a season a sorry I said I'm gonna take
team of the seasons I know I haven't
like stuck to that very well deli alley
deli alley waterboy whoa okay that could
save it but now we need a left wing I
left wing up that 15 will take your
voice for rating this team ain't gonna
make any sense we needs no BP out BP LBP
out beat the old centers if I could get
a right wing BPL player this team is
pretty much sorted let's just hope we
can come on one right wing of right wing
up no like a highest-rated and move on
come on right wing our BPO we get a
pblpblpblpbl
Oh see me the Caesars were taking them
by no one and we need a right winger in
the BPO right wing in a BPO that's not
it that's that it's awful highest-rated
let me see what I can do with this team
I mean a 187 is not too bad I mean in
the team alone we have two team of the
season and one team in a year then we
got three team of the seasons here fair
harbor beltzman and promise the thing I
said a single name right and I mean end
of the day we can bring on a golden a
name on a Royce quite like the team to
be PL team in seasons and three more
after that right into the drop we go
with this team where you got for me bro
whoa gays got one team of the season
from the BPO and won t many years little
bitch plant fiber back let's do this
guys let's show them let's show them how
similar the seasons are meant to play oh
okay poke blow tackle me hey Joanna not
mate you want to know oh okay because
it's really sweet to win the header but
let's go let's go come on let's go just
go look at this go right what's the back
then slap I down there we go come on
Leonel lien--a lien
oh yeah you saw I was gonna turn back
but I'm not cuz I'm late / - what what
no oh how am i such an idiot
why would I actually - go go go Lia no
messy you'll really start to piss me off
oh look at Delhi Ali with the boy Delhi
Ali with the book aaaa don't know where
I'm going now - you gonna lay em off no
that's not - Delhi Ali is here I want
Delhi Ali to school all take a touch and
finesse there we go one-nil Diego Costa
we've got a win this day Oscar again
through dozen what niggas play just
turned up madness oh my god really after
I just said we gotta win this game ah
come on let's go got noise keeps coming
out but the Tongan you everyone knows
he's got the best left foot in the
Premiership look at that ball you don't
see that for everyone
ich ein Leonel Messi Leo Messi lays it
off right list up we still got it
fàbregas wait wait okay what is what is
happening well how am I losing the ball
like this
okay I'm not that's how that's how I'm
not what I've been making sense fact
take a touch calm calm man that way no
watching my arm Delhi Ali doesn't score
with a ball in utter Mende what a ball
what about what up our Vuitton gun get
you a Vanagon on it Oscar Oscar no I
didn't mean to do that one okay you know
what I didn't mean to do that one though
and then take it down
what is up for a boss that was such an
easy pass 45th minutes one at half time
exactly cool he just brought on Ronaldo
as he just as he always had name on what
the what the home on on on on on on
Ilana how was this past work I
what you can do it I can do it too yeah
that's right I got Neymar on now let's
see you defend against NEMA although you
have to defend against Messi first I did
well what did you what did you know your
digit I turned gang come on Diego Costa
how slow do you want to be what the hell
what the right to touch and for there we
will take the free kick everyone puts a
player on the line man but ok you know
what yeah exactly yeah exactly
exact change to play ah oh wow
I'm really not very good at free kicks
anymore pass sides take a touch in and
then turn in wait one more one more
ah Wow why do I take so many big shots
in the area I have a problem with them
there's estable there's battles in awful
bull Neymar Neymar Neymar me oh he just
gets everything about last second I need
I need ago I actually actually need to
go now like it's actually hit me now but
I really need a goal but breath Thank
You Tomas do you see this I'm I'm in a
school when he's doing stuff like that
that's way too soft
hello you know messy crosses it in there
is keeps come up to touch all right
Alexis Sanchez Smalling big ugly heads
in the way no no no Ron Ron Ron Ron
please big tackle
oh my god yeah yeah yeah I've read that
I've read that can I stop it though can
I stop it like I stopped it I actually
got in the way of that this is why you
take a Liga BBVA teen because it's just
so much better in FIFA
oh my god it's 80th minute and I'm
losing oh how do i score how do i score
please Jack Jack right nice I'm on
attacking and I don't have any defenders
I mean the attackers what the Frick with
nothing that no one can they get it get
a good turnout turnout all right and
then we just go to play slow click well
we don't need to play slow but you know
what I mean
turnout turnout Neymar Neymar no more no
more
what what what eyes giving it back to
messy and Buffon save that one as well
and you know what I've gone for it I've
gone for the lay off I'd touch deli
alley what was that I was Buffon saving
that last shot and then not saving that
one well and he's coming for that is
coming this short well there it is
though the ball get that I get that I
get that I get that but all right quick
touch tick No
know what's up me keeps keeps I've lost
I've actually lost I've lost from the
first round in the first freaking round
what am i doing
keeps you out and I've lost this but
lost anyway what like how have I lost in
the this is first round
first round neck this was you this is
your focus is completely necks fault all
right first round but plus the first
round the first round ultimate lone
player reward had great I get to normal
gold pace and an ultimate loan reward
pack what why would I want any of these
ah but this is actually you guys don't
understand how much this is ruin my day
oh I get a player eighty-five to ninety
raid on loan can't wait
boom who is it it's Ribery just because
I've let you guys down I'm gonna open
some packs as well I'm not gonna sit on
my chair my chairs down here it's on the
floor and what are we gonna get we get
nothing great way to end the state don't
know how many of them I could open but
we're just gonna try putting as many as
we can in the time that we have so
Cahill and even shown you guys all of
these packs of open because there if I
haven't shown you them they've been
absolutely terrible and no one even
funny in the pack oh I'd let you go like
what two packs off to this that's it
that's two packs done sir oh and it form
Martin Opel Wow okay we get an inform we
also get come on Jean all but then I
guess why am I doing this we get a 74
aid Conrad's the final pack for today a
normal silver pack and
we get two days right so that is all for
today I'm actually gonna go oh okay open
to silverback we got roofies Steve it a
seasoned roofie now put me to sleep
tonight if you guys didn't realize by
the way don't open gold ones they don't
get you anything
that's all for today thank you guys for
watching I'm sorry I can do any better
but we've got a similar season in the
end in one of those packs so I guess
that counts as something today you guys
watching and see you what's up guys and
welcome to the ultimate touch challenge
what is on my head your hat okay what is
going to be is someone's going to kick
it up in the air and everyone has three
attempts to control it that's it ah
