what's up guys and welcome to the
ultimate touch challenge what is on my
head your hat okay what is going to be
is someone's going to kick it up in the
air and everyone has three attempts to
control it
ah
that's the babel of best
oh nice a defender defender in it yeah
okay right
are you all right if you don't know that
dqo bang-up you work out right defender
in it the vendor
my mum kept it that cross father
well this could not gone better
what is it what is sick there is a
defender is that dummy yeah the dummy
dummy
why always being so
go out go out
you know zircon anything about Zopa and
prostitutes I think that about joseline
prostitute
six hold your balls does the Lewis
volleyball Lewis though you should know
I hate waiting I got no patience I'm the
world's greatest
all 20 baby
kid they're rats that's all for today
for the ultimate touch challenge last
know who you thought did the best and
who did the worst
right we have something very special
today because this is probably the only
time when I will not have George best in
my team also probably there any time I
won't wear any trousers because it's
freaking boiling in here this is the
team and if you can't work out what I'm
doing this is it the BPL team in a
season cup you have to have only BPL
players if we win we get team of the
season Robert
