right we have something very special
today because this is probably the only
time when I will not have George best in
my team also probably there any time I
won't wear any trousers because it's
freaking boiling in here this is the
team and if you can't work out what I'm
doing this is it the BPL team in a
season cup you have to have only BPL
players if we win we get team of the
season Robert Huth I know I wish he was
a better one - you guys all told me to
do the draft again and some people said
to leave it for a while so they wouldn't
do that I'm gonna try to get back into
Division 1 then do a draft but this is
the tournament for now so round 16 let's
go I don't really know what to do if I
just lose in the first round I mean it
seems not very good but if I lose in the
first round I don't I don't know what to
do because it's not something where I
can just go I'll only show you if I do
well this is our series I have to show
you everything here we go we're off
right Ally - that'll a Leo a Leo mm ah I
was gonna say you're in for a rough ride
but okay no no never mind never mind
alright we can win this let's go I miss
I miss George man whatever wait no no no
no because I go I go not that's it
I he heard me he heard me and he thought
I was talking to him get rid no should
warm pants I didn't say I wasn't wearing
pants as well did I oh why here we go
whoo go there the judge oh whoa whoa
what what way was that gradle a velocity
is greater what finish what look up what
no no no no no no you why to see it
doesn't just do it to me just to other
people we don't even get win all right
let's try this again and yeah of course
he's got a better team which means I'm
probably gonna lose here we go we're
trying to run this time run go and run
on an overload that
really what has it well has it what no
well has it was it it did it didn't work
enter the area go and read I know you
what tough really okay wait
what uh okay that was absolutely over
all whoa come on grab him and then take
a touch-up I get him Jackie bullshit
with a little run okay we need to get
one more go one more go
good breath that's a foul that is
disgusting behavior
come on I need a goal right time in tiny
shoot Yahoo Yahoo Yahoo yo whoo yeah
I'm soaked I'm soaked Wow okay yeah
she's two-nil five minutes until hard
time it's just the first round I'm not
getting - why are you doing this why
does it happen
I beg that's him I beg please oh no I
can't I can't be round one again yes we
actually care it counts as a win-win to
the core final I teamed it well we don't
need to make any sub round do pleased I
have a good team please have a good team
eyes got the boy the real test Oh boys
this is it this is the game of our
lifetime hello hello hello going going
your what bang that cross oh my god why
why why come on our tester with the ball
in he's gone oh another one off the line
what the hell what the break current
will we go here we go
turn back pass it in no it's not hard
enough that's what she said oh my god
you're on you're on you're on gonna
Please Please Lukaku just one just one
but let's see with the finesse is he
left full right footed cuz that was
awful this is it gon play em take a
touch in take such a blast though we got
one nil whole graders well again greater
with the first guy in both games ones
gone gone gone gone God oh my god I some
so commencement Lukaku is gonna get away
like it's gonna write this game Oh sugar
Oh sugar Oh sugar okay
I wet was let's count up get rid just
get rid he's taking it with all bana and
it's a really good ball bigger get rid
good Gary good good go go go commit
please for me I'm shot listen we have no
oh my god it seems even but I definitely
deserve to be winning here we go here we
go gone second half is underway has
underway I just said has underway
yeah pen okay we need to close him down
we need to close us down stop stop the
attacks now
no give a bet I know that's coming off
okay Wayne Wayne I'm channeling my inner
Wayne I mean he should have done it
first okay never mind he just scored
anyway tell you what whoever scores next
will win that's I'm almost guaranteeing
you that so if I can get goal now I hit
the post come on Luke I could lay back
go on hit up wait no wait wait wait
that's right puzzle back was back what
all right finesse okay no no no we can
still score that's what it was goals I
have ever seen that was the past that is
a shot that when somehow that of that
was me trying to change Claire I loved
it oh shit I just guaranteed a win and
but lassie I think he might be left
footed for one game ton 90th minute I
think that is that wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait
go go go go last chance of the game last
chance of the game go Lukaku go a Lukaku
shower
yeah buy one there it is second round
done now as you guys know I normally
only do two games prep so but I'm going
to do more you only cuz I have no faith
in myself to actually get through this
round here we go guys semi-finals if we
win this we are one game away from that
team of the season Robert Huth from the
team that stands in my way is a horrible
horrible team ah here we go
the nice summer's day and you serious
game is already a much higher pace than
the last game go play and tie back
breath thank you he's got play on the
line we're trying this for trying it
gone Jack Wilshere wait look at her eyes
offside that keep us out and it's a goal
kick he almost scored mmm scored scored
he'll miss scored here we go here we go
go go wrong on tickets us and for us
just one day look who's finally stepping
up to the plate oh no oh no oh oh oh
this game is turned this game is turn
that's gonna beat no you can you know
you know him get to get to stop across
stop the cross oops
okay didn't need to do that weird but I
actually feel less comfortable with Luke
a cougar headers then on oh wow we've
got another entry 45th minute again it's
still 45th minute stops across great get
rid no no no no okay whoa this is tense
I've had more shots of target he's had
more shots 45 minutes away from the
final lats oh my god oh my god oh my god
that came out of nowhere and another
jobs out nowhere and fucked it up turn
back yeah he's read that but has he read
that he he hasn't he doesn't turn it
no I'm doing too much I don't know why
I'm doing too much so I need to stop the
earlier ha breath foul for something
just anything just something that gives
me the ball right he's going far side
he's good
no he's not it's not he's coming near
side I just pull like turn in huh no no
he's actually scored oh my god but we
are drawing one or in the semi-final
then it's go wins the next go wins are
the next door wins the net oh come on
this game wants me to win or does it it
doesn't be done
well does it it does here we go here we
go rushing me oh my god semi-finals in
final all right hot boss spot of us some
about someone bow all right shit that's
a red though I didn't mean foul like
that we've done it we've actually gone
to the final cost yoni I'm sorry is
gonna have to miss it we've come all
this way boys don't let me down now
oh she only is a big player to be
missing though let's see what we got a
face in the final oh god that's a good
team I need my team of the season whoo
tell you what lads I think after the
fact I've got this far I don't think I'm
gonna even try this again either oh no
oh no no no no no no no no he's scored
there he hasn't scored there don't like
I recognise his gamertag for some reason
run take a bud take it son you know
there we go there we go there we go how
is he saving now oh we're having good
attacks but we need to score one that's
a great oh yeah let's go what nail would
I say about Lukaku setting I said it was
amazing oh god oh god
what the what wait am i my team honestly
just run away I'm branded him here and
my defender just stopped
I was so happy about 18 seconds ago can
I make myself happy again that sounds
odd it sounds odd but I didn't yes I
start panicking the fake sir and way too
much this one there what and so that one
in a weird way stop stop don't no no no
no no no oh okay
get back to that please win that bus you
haven't won it you haven't won it yet
you haven't won it yet make a tackle run
at him run at him twenties in acid it's
gonna okay he's part in with you yep
what my defenders keep running away my
defenders keep running that way I don't
know if that actually helps does I don't
know if my screens mirrored that's a
golfer I'm going to loose and I know it
please new khaki the khaki you know what
I've fucked up oh fuck bad a photo bye
bye
I have that was app that was absolutely
awful 45th minute as well what's gonna
happen here I wonder
and oh yes she made it all time see it
looks like I don't deserve to be winning
and I to know I'm not gonna say anything
Oh sugar Oh sugar no no no no no no I
didn't do that I didn't do that at all I
didn't do that that was me
no no that was me trying to get rid of
the ball that's me trying to get rid of
them why I was trying to pass it out oh
my god this is ridiculous
oh fuck sake it's all gone to shit now
with loss come on go ma'am I've had Bank
what the there we go that sums
everything up about today well not today
does a bit it's a bit bit far but you
know what I mean like I can't I can't
actually okay we've got one two minutes
left
you know what he's gonna do you know
what he is doing right now please don't
blow the whistle please deliver whistle
please let me win that no no oh my god
those were fun chance was in the final
I'm winning one nil then two one one
goal away from a team of the season
Robert Huth guess we go back to Division
two you have 15,000 coins you guys need
to let me know who to buy or what you
want me to do top comment will be the
one I choose staying us watching and see
you
you've got no mate that is the entirety
of West Ham's fans right there
shut up and there's another one there
normally can't be too
