yeah that's right I'm at Wembley and how
did I get here you mayor I drove all
right that's it anyways what am I here
for there is a gaming tournament right
now while FIFA tournament to be precise
me and a couple of other youtubers
including Ethan you can't see me right
now are coming here to basically oversee
the tournament here we see a while Ethan
was in life the last time here he was
losing so you
you've got no mate that is the entirety
of West Ham's fans right there
shut up and there's another one there
mumbly can't be - somehow you managed to
lose at this game - green you lost in
this game and Wembley Cup 1 this is one
big dr. 1111 all right
on the last team on the board fun and we
give an adventure in who asked me amigo
who's going to go
I'm doing they come 5th round right now
leads be yokel yeah it's not very
realistic because later in it but you
know the best things happens to leave
quite a while if you moments later
we've done it we've done it oh great
sometimes you might see you there then
if we do go through I've I get you
potentially the greatest play swap ever
wait let me focus on this sides
horrified if what I created you know in
a weird way I'm proud of you I'm really
proud of I so are you've added a filter
though no but I'm just I'm gonna I was
in 3.5 bias and Theo recreating the FA
Cup final but they've already finished
the game and one of them looks a lot
sadder than the other so you can
probably figure out who won oh go get my
videos already
since it round Wow oh don't
well - oh yeah I need to go besides
Allah
Aggie can I join you lunchtime date with
me are both our teams are out so we're
eating food - you know get rid of the
paint yeah we're gonna have to choose a
random team together etiquette round I'm
going to the quarter-final we're gonna
pick a random team and store them in
apart from Bolton what's up that and man
sit and I'm having Bolton romantic no
bond was it okay we'll do that
after this cut up your mind okay Mike
yeah look a hidden rock beneath them we
send two guys
look at my down we decided with
Southampton but to nil up so we chose it
before they returned all right so three
no three nil of Southampton stays a weed
in Ethan's periscoping can they say how
it's my blog yeah hi this is sick
this is sick all right first things
first
the reason I'm red because we did couple
videos the other day me and Josh also
went to Southampton yesterday and
recorded a new series which would be out
I think in next Saturday whenever this
is going up what's that it really tweet
about what we're doing today I wore this
sideman app which I came out last week
so you can get out now it is the final
and it yeah who is it Southampton
Michelle so sweet so they are playing
the middle of a pitch right now so we're
gonna we're gonna be watching on their
big screen we're up here point out
I'll recon pretty oh I lost it and it's
over any stuff so see when we chose
Southampton they go to the final well go
to the final but just one for the
runner-up sighs well done
that's right down there thread on
so we are at Nando's and I think that's
going to be the end of it I'm actually
having home office I don't know if I
have enough battery to log anything
there but yeah issues meetings and food
and how I'm gonna drive home those are
going to go the other way and we're
moving table parently so knees and a bit
now I'm at home and I'm heading out for
a meal so I'm going to end the vlog
there check up the FA in the description
where you guys for watching and see I am
dying of sweat that's not a death thing
I'm dying right now it's so hot in my
room everyone oh girl oh ok he's not
very good
he's only 83 red no one get bootiful and
he's better oh we have a blue already ok
just based on the fact that I've already
got him
25k packs loose galore hmm yeah okay
well wow really
