yes I know I am red eye I went on the
Sun for the last two days and now I'm
red awesome enemy blue Fatima diseases
and hence why I'm wearing a blue t-shirt
not even blue it's just got blue on it
I'm a failure you're trying your heart
anyways BPL team in a season is our
players
I want Marez Utz ill Vardy and I mean
Anna Guerra would be pretty nice as well
there are 25k packs out right now but
we're gonna start with a 15 caper
come on blues give me a blue you know
what it is but oh yeah Robin enough us
but I can't even be happy because he
goes from so little right now so you
know what not a Nigerian player my first
package decent alright we're gonna get a
pollute today I don't know what it'll be
but we're gonna get one I mean Carius
isn't I am dying of sweat that's not a
death thing I'm dying right now it's so
hot in my room everyone oh girl oh okay
it's not very good he's only a trade no
one get Buffon and he's better oh we
have a blue already okay just based on
the fact that I've already got him 25k
packs Blues galore hmm yeah okay well
wow really
what the fuck wow these packs are
horrible oh it's not good I know JT will
like it and then it hit me
JJ's in Switzerland
the worst part is he's better than the
freakin team at a season I got I got an
informed van persie and another one like
okay not that mercy I don't know who
shattered his shuttle back-to-back
inform spared bits I haven't had a
chance to use that song for a while I
know it's outdated now but I wanted to
the rest of these been absolutely
terrible but worlds are the last one
here we go this is the one we make a
crown back to 15k packs come on give me
another flute please just another one
and then I'm happy to blues in a pack
opening and Herman the German if I get
two and how many I've got what two
informs already I got Van Persie and
shuttle what Ashley no cleared out Gibbs
if I get another blue I'm running off
I'm running out of the room I'm not
coming back yeah you don't want me to be
here come on you don't want me here send
me away give me a blue no okay you do
want me here me
en ba EA sports we've broken up give me
a blue and I will make love to you okay
that's not an open offer not everyone
can say it okay not everyone could just
give me a blue okay so meet any you lot
and you're just Lao is a Buddha an apt
name a lot to me
here we go come on come on give me 2000
there for Joanie Johnny Jody Jody Asia T
- featuring jelly Asia I say don't you
know you say you don't know I say dump
dump top um Pereira that fit annoyingly
well I wish it didn't fit so that the
player I got could have been better
don't call my name don't call my name
ag√ºero Oh was really happy with that
and I freakin Cassano works as well hey
- hey uh hey ki blink that cave that one
has just disproved all my logic it had
to be the pattern snake in as well in it
you know what I've heard other people
not getting a blue so I'm happy that
I've got one blue I know I'm getting
high at all I'm seeing people not
gamblers or spending a ridiculous amount
of money and not getting loose the same
thing but anyway I am happy I've got a
Garlow I don't care how good he is
I do EA are punishing me because I
didn't go turn Balu I should have gone
into a cold country I would attempt blue
instead of a hot country and what
climates England how am i red it's like
boom the Nazi are every frequency even
benattia gay is better than a golem or
blue-blue alibi I'll take an alibi at
palais yes I know the joke is dead but
I'm still doing it shhh shhh glue oh
wait what storage quiz what huh wha
I know why he has it but I didn't know I
didn't know this was the thing so I
doesn't have a watch
I don't know what time is why was it
okay yes I'm liking this pack up in you
know I got three informs I got a blue
and I got it orange just like my most
colorful pack opening yet thank you guys
for watching and see you what's up guys
and welcome to the guests the youtuber
challenge I'm joined today with Josh and
Kelly on the wall hello punk Alex hey
I'm Josh anyways how this works is I
have 11 pictures of youtubers I have
zoomed in stop staring at me and they
are going to have why are you staring at
me you're like you're talking so it's
prior to the kitties so this Oh
