sup guys Simon here and I'm here today
with Toby and KitKat have brought us
here to play Crossy Road so I I'm gonna
go first okay so it's my first time
uh-huh
slightly nervous what we're talking
about here what are we talkin road okay
just making sure you can sure so I'm up
like by the title you'll guess okay wow
you've died already so I'm gonna show
you how it's done right on the front
you were the chicken and not a very good
one you weren't even looking yeah smash
it River okay my weakness okay there we
go but I smash the score the Frog is
better than the chicken what I said the
Frog is better than the chicken what do
you say set the frogs better than
chicken salmon what
Crossy roads come on man I wish I could
send the burden again can I send the
burden again oh that was close this car
this is the fun bit come on really come
on ah he's having trouble climbing up
he's having trouble yet oh this is not
gonna end well is this area
awkward
he's doing it Crossy role okay having a
goddess
I think he's got is the oh oh no oh no
finite get to comfort is there too
please
nice huh he's done it he's done it he's
done it
the winner is yeah at a club next time
Simon you're still making puns after all
of that you know what next time I will
win next time do it I could beat even if
it was multiplayer not again
no game over so if you guys want to see
some of the first videos on YouTube scan
the QR code on the front of the KitKat
like this and check out
