previously I only had one team of the
season and I was still unsuccessful this
time I guarantee I will have more than
one team in a season and I'm not
guaranteeing that I'll win the draft
though would I like to use a token of
course I would I have to be a 3-part to
know we got for a 4-3-3 defend I'm sorry
come on Thibodeau season Tabler season
okay we don't get tema season but we get
team of the year messy reserves first
and I'm gonna take them I'll sell oh
come on don't don't make me do this
again it always ends up just being a
league a BBB I'm sorry guys I said we
get it in two seasons they will play
copper hat now PK we might get Danny
Albert it's about time one team of the
season I need I need more than one
horrible Busquets would do very very
well
script Virata here we go and we go into
the substance is not going too well
right now we haven't got a single one oh
no treasures
this is badly it's just the Liga BBVA
team right now take her now though right
well I know I've got a left back and a
left-wing us we meds or do those two
positions and left back yeah we're not
gonna beat myself up nice rates and left
winger and we get a marble use come on
give me where the team of the seasons
and this is redic
don't get any team that seasons oh fuck
is happening but seriously what is this
team
give me one now it's gonna be care okay
we'll use a golden now goalkeeper
thinking me a Lopez okay there's one
areola and he fits okay okay this could
still work we have any others other
goalkeepers we want to use no we'll just
take you come on give me another one
give me such e there's two I said we
choose them I know it kind of screws up
the team but no one else really fits
anyway we're taking him I need one more
I want one more I want to aim for three
we'll take a brand I guess dani alves or
no gasps wha C DM C DM this is this is
it this is the one this is the one this
that's not the one this is the one and
please we got one we get federber three
tuna seasons is decent I know I know
this could really screw the formation in
chemistry oh we're gonna take Alonso
just so we have some chemistry for the
other player we have our last position
at the striker and we can he get me
no one good will take your marrow I said
I'm gonna play the team of seasons so we
have three team of the seasons in the
team I know it kind of messes up in
chemistry a little bit but I'm doing it
okay now I know you're gonna judge me
for this eighty seven rating and eighty
seven chemistry isn't bad considering I
said I would play those three team in
two seasons I mean realistically I think
I could quite easily get a hundred
chemistry I mean there you go very very
easily I could get a hundred chemistry
it's just this one player such she does
not fit in this team but we're using him
can always bring some players on I gotta
Rodriguez and Neymar I think I can do
all right
oh we got a game against someone with a
guest and holy crap he's got two of them
and a purple Messi this is gonna be a
difficult game time so there we go I
guess gone round it nope okay bad start
but we just take it slow
this is panic stations right now put on
a gun what it was right Marcelo is my
father's play forward okay you know what
you know what you know what it's Ronaldo
it's louder well I have a theory that
inform Ronaldo is broken well you
brought you lit your tape of the season
you just passed it to him I don't have a
game in the first round right nice the
nice that's nice when I win a chicken
dinner winner winner chicken dinner
what have I done alright Riano know what
Dan hey Dan who know I already think
it's safe to say that this team of the
season was not made to actually win
games there's a halftime and I'm losing
how am I losing this okay actually yeah
exactly that does help me there you go
wait wait buzz in wait I what Peter how
long did he want to take to do that
lemon go go go go go as you touch touch
you touch horrible horrible horrible
talk while you're on strike and you
can't do good touch Neymar can come on
Rodriguez on for Alonso go go Linna
Messi yes we're just gonna babysit
give it all my God my heart is pounding
right now come on go on come on blow
whistle now blows whistle turn extra
minutes from nice time unless no no I
thought I had a chance it's extra time
come on guys let's go let's go where do
we get wiser like why is this happening
why is this happening now
come on Messi your blood and pull it
across and finish it they walk
we scored it's to 106 listen to extra
time come on hold on Simon holy crap
Coco Coco Coco Coco Coco Sachi gets nice
that should be it
ok again I'm on the attack but whatever
ref this is so tend to have the same
amount of shots rather more possession
just defend Simon defend for your life
oh no oh no no believe me listen please
yes yes Jupiter season come on play min
claiming please bigger ball and then one
more one more and then turning no he's
read that but can he stop it hey God
just Messi three work game done ok let's
not know don't let get gold just for the
cake that was a bad defending a bad goal
keeping but it's 120th minute as long as
I don't do anything absolutely stupid
this game is done okay there we go
didn't even have time to do something
stupid Oh a lot closer than I wanted it
to be I wanted to just say all through
the first round game - here we go
what's he gonna okay it's it's a nice
hybrid Liga BBVA Bundesliga is it gonna
pay off for him we'll find out now I
guess such a touchy I knew there was
gonna be like I literally are those
there was it changed from orange to
green bar and what it changed from
orange to green what whoa whoa whoa whoa
where did that just come from why am i
struggling to defend today but okay
you're not getting even show the replay
name are up front and Alonso can come
off for Rodriguez the team of the
seasons are still on guys far side far
side right turn it and then Ronaldo trap
you just trapped in his hands how did
you do that
come on Messi how does everyone else
seem to have like I'm on defensive right
now I'm not even gonna lie to you guys
go on play then and then pass it one
more and then wait wait will they right
shoot shoot finished up please please
just one I am on defensive and I never
have like four people back everyone else
does
come on run house you touch house you
touch going to be is
gonna slow you down it's gonna actually
make you lag to back post your
completely but that's little a messy one
in the header Oh to one again I need to
stop conceding first come on run come on
come on run run run you're shooting is
awful win for Ronaldo isn't as good as
normal Ronaldo there you go
run you know what 45th minute get the
kick of it though
that's it halftime it's deserved but
this lag is pissing me off
considering JJ's got Beatty in his name
they must freaking hate us oh we are
really Stein - okay we're starting to
you know what you know what you know
what you know what you know what no I
don't know what what is going on Oh
Keith on alright um bang big touch and
then inside and go that's the like that
was like you saw him lift his foot he
did a little like dance like that please
just quit this lag and you're losing
your name is hashtag winning is
embarrassing oh no no no
no no maybe the tackle Marcelo you what
so long do you see it it literally
changes to Marcelo and then he stops do
not deserve to be joining this I need to
score when out over and out every now I
know more take the touch and he's off
side of course he freaking is for looks
he's got this last chance and it's what
I can't look it's that's it though
that's it there's a ball
nice minute this game is bullshit oh
yeah no no no that just yeah that's
that's the team in season right there in
it that's a frickin team of this season
and there's the game he knows he's won
it so he's just kicking it off on the
other side of the pitch yep there's the
fucking whistle oh my god honestly I'm
not that bad I just can't score in some
games
I am absolutely fuming right now he had
three shots on-target three goals
I only won one game and he was in extra
time the first round in extra time
wherever yes sure I'll open the packs a
gold pack first and why am i bothering
why Michael exactly silver players pack
I actually can't believe I just freakin
lost last one Premium Gold pay
I'm happy because this team in a season
is out of pax tomorrow and tomorrow I
can actually get someone good that is
all for today thank you guys for
watching and see you this is the moment
of truth
get in there back post back post come on
actually wait wait like infront random
I've got Leonel Messi I've got a little
messy
oh those head it lodged in as I go I
swear this is in already
