once in a boy's life they must become a
man how you are firstly we're lead
shadow helps secondly the draft but this
is the very best it's not it's not a
draft well it is a draft but it's the
very best draft even though it might not
be the very best drop ah yeah this this
has gone horribly let's just do the
draft so the reason we're doing this is
cause we have the draft token and you
guys all told me to so we are going we
get it when they go for the eyes rated
formation we cat that's not a thing what
I meant to say was we're gonna go for
the highest rated squad possible so if
we have a chance to get 190 we're gonna
take it I think a 433 is probably the
best chance we have the horrible draft
in general but for 33 here we go captain
time who we gonna get a okay now Matt
now
now at this point I would normally take
Ronaldo but team of the season has just
come out about four days ago and Maki
see I was there we are gonna take a
marquise co-planner cent of it I know
you're all judging me right now and I
don't care but right winger who are we
gonna get come on Kimmy no one really
bad I might have taken driver just so I
know I have a link where is he gonna try
a can drive ah ah we get a team at a
seasoned pot tuna gear papa at some
point now it'd be awesome I mean an
in-form ham chicks decent striker time
this is a big position big position
you've all let me down and Sydney's
gonna be there yes he's always freakin
there and I actually have to choose in
this time ah what have we done we've
screwed ourselves over and we've had to
go for an all-italian team you know what
I'm gonna do the sub snakes I'm gonna
leave the defense of the goalkeeper til
last here we go sub time if we can get
so okay we're gonna get them anyway well
take it Neymar just cuz I think we could
be a decent buzzer to bring on I mean
that's a normal name I sign in for but
it's an informer and although as well
he's not even a year but so getting a
bit carried away if I can get a minister
or something like that the team could
you know become a hybrid and then we go
to the floor NZ then if we can hope for
a Chiellini or something like that was
likely all care we've got another two in
the season but he doesn't fit at all
we're gonna have to take your balls
agony I'm sorry why looks
why I hate turning down TV the seasons
but I had to I prefer playing with him
than to free so
take him and hope now left back either
okay is heat and one might league know
Herrera
because then he'll link with Sarah's and
if I could get an NES doesn't this could
be perfect this could be amazing could
also be horrible but we won't know until
we find out will we so no no one no one
good another player that I could just
bring on I guess I don't know what how
I'm even gonna fix this to you all we
get another one idiots too though Lila
Lila Lila Lila Warren in for me like oh
no why have they come now I am so sorry
guys I've screwed this up but I'm gonna
take any Esther oh I hate turning down
two minutes seasons that ice raid gais I
read team bias rated come on we have
what we have four positions that we have
goal key we may as well do one of the
cool clips come on give me a boon fun
Bufo Bufo ah Lopez I have to take boo
forum oh ah this this is actually
screwed me over that's so many team in
two seasons and I've chosen one of them
but we could get another playoff teams
dicen it's just I don't know how it's
all gonna fit together highest-rated
last two players and I don't think any
of them are gonna play especially if
they're not that good like that so final
position is the sub goalie who's not
gonna pull Noah
we're gonna hahaha on this Justin really
weird but we'll take a no just for
rating let me see what I can do
how is this only a 187 this team is
incredible but even the bench is freakin
sick now we just got a manager but we've
already got 100 chem so we'll take
Martinez there we go the main goal of
this is to get some good players in
packs because you know if I get some BPL
plays in a pack that's players for the
very best team saying of this I could go
out in the first round and um yeah
brilliant
well this should be interesting let's go
come on Ronaldo come on come on make a
nut wait wait wait wait wait still got
it still got it still got it still got
it
still got it still got it still got it
add bang one nailed us
go team let's go we are really tearing
him up okay
bad pass but we can still get this is
our chance for florenzi come on you
floozy floozy florenzi oh wait ticket
obstacles oh that's it that's a bad
touch bad bad touch punish him
punish him punish him how was he saving
that I know he's a team of the season
and everything doesn't mean he's
suddenly sprouts extra gross and can
save everything he's not playing he's
not playing he's not playing I'm going
to take advantage of this don't judge me
okay
is this far we should have been ready to
play oh no oh no no no no no no come on
good luck good luck good times we are
playing some nice football now come on
triangles lads triangles triangles no
you ran away from me triangles don't run
there we go end this game now end the
game Gareth and the game I took that way
too far this is why I don't I just don't
finish the game look at the amount of
charts that I'm having right now and I'm
not scoring score score
what see this is why I don't ever win
the draft this is why I can only get to
like the semi-final and come on look at
look at the round that's a foul
alright take on take them Oh got Gareth
Bale taking this one that was a horrible
accent but this game stupid big run with
the final chance of the game I mean the
half I mean
what run run run Gold's Reno halftime
I'll take it if this isn't destruction I
don't know what is because he is not a
shot and I've been peppering him let's
see if I can go a whole game without him
having a shot here we go here we go guy
and he's on side you're on side Ron Ron
see okay that time I got lucky but I
need to be finishing that this is going
to be embarrassing for him soon
well it's already pretty embarrassing
but 5-nil no it's got a free kick which
means is gonna shoot jump and that's
this first shot wait wait wait wait wait
and look what there we go there's
another girl why isn't this guy quit yet
this is actually embarrassing this is
gonna be another goal is it gonna be
another goal is it pursue more no it's
not there it is there it is this book
and open yes hahaha
Oh juju yeah went in that's not even in
that's the whole ball isn't over the
line they're just showing they've
literally just proved themselves wrong
final chance of the game final chart and
there it is I've scored eight Neil
that's game done I he had three shots in
total none of them on target one went
down three more to go obviously I said
I'm gonna claim two games this episode
so who knows I may be a nickname episode
still we'll find out now and his team
yep okay BBVA that's very cool I'm happy
I got mark e-cigs MN I at least had a
hybrid all right here we go will gets
the sheep what what wait magic it magic
you see that did you see that he's a
ghost make tackle what what is this pace
where's the pace just come from no no
what how has he just done that seriously
his players are ghosting through my play
and there's like why is they like oh no
it's gonna be
one of these games for is it what is it
it depends on Gareth Bale's attitude
towards the game right and then that was
way too far guarantee what am i doing
nice and then back down here we go run
here we go here we go run run run with
them no wait wait no wait turn out right
lamb off you know what pass it
we're not then we're not close enough
yet we're not close enough and now we
are that's how we do these offside for
fuck's sake Benzema Benzema but why my
turn that way I'll turn the wrong way
oh if I'm honest guys I don't really
know how I'm going to school unless I
get a chance like this you know what
back it across that's it that's what
we're gonna have to do we're just gonna
have to take chances like that come on
Ronaldo and turn in yes yes breast why
ha ha ha I've read it I've read it and
then turn out I'm finessed there we
killed I knew that mistake was coming
literally I didn't even go for the
players went for the ball we go here we
go
turn out and then turn back turn one
more one more and then that's nice play
but how's the cross awful we just need
aid another gold come on man oh why
surely that one has to go in here we go
last chance 45th minute 45th minute
no make tackle white meat half time I
deserve to be winning just really
struggling to score and now he's born
I'm DeMaria and such he who is the timid
of season what what how has he got
through it he's gonna have to turn back
he's gonna have to turn back gone where
you go where yes I pushed him out wide
yes great different what he knew it was
good defendants oh he thought you know
what well done mate have a ball back
come on Pereira I chose you over some
other players you have to do it why does
everyone have other prizes just lot so
go what's he doing what's he doing two
one just quit if he quit now I'd be the
happiest man ever he's made his final
sub and he's bought not to do that much
why do I say these things I know he's
gonna score now as these guys shoot he's
gonna score come on make stuff up with
tackle make cycle no no no no no yay why
does it okay just no no no Ivan no I
haven't oh my god why do i why is wrong
with this game
I didn't I was winning 2-1 these packs
aren't even gonna give me anything are
they I mean a 2-1 it was it was all
going so well I mean I have another
draft took it if you want me to try
again but I mean realistically I'm gonna
just keep this stuff and then sell the
rest silver time oh my god Mike honestly
you guys don't understand how few Ben I
am right now we're not keeping any of
you lot either
and the final pack okay I can't believe
it like the drop I was I was doing well
I was about to win that game burn out
Dave I'm not gonna use them know I might
that's it that's this that's it we have
another token whether you want me to use
it or not is up to you but I've got like
12,000 coins let me know you want me to
buy top corner will be done I choose to
be sure like each other's comments thank
you guys for watching see up leads are
amazing ha ha ha kappa ha ha ha ha ha
it's done and we're back at the train
station but
