team up the season everybody it's here
well you know it's here cuz I've already
done a pack opening on it if you miss
sides it's here which means that they
are now in the draft so we are going to
be doing a draft normally okay normally
and we're not doing any superstition
this time the only superstition is we
have to take the team of the season
player if they're there so would I like
to use a draft token yes I would what
formation are we go for we're gonna go
for a 3/4 to 1 I know I'm not good with
3 at the back but captains come on who
take message center back who are we
gonna get come on give me give it whoa
this is an incredible stock call giving
them yesterday that's Wow ok yeah well
we'll take a roberto right forward we
might just have to take the highest
rated Wow everyone is being nice today
imma taking agüero script I don't know
what I'm doing right now I'm really
really messing this team up but I'm
seeing good players we're taking her and
out oh no what am i doing to this team I
give me something give me some good
players good players good play by a
pareo it's good enough we can get a good
center mid nap we get like an NES TARDIS
obviously isn't it
my body is not ready guys my body is not
ready for this kind of thing what is
going on I know has a desires rate and
we could put him as the left forward but
I think where she can have to go through
gigs or Nedved I'm actually gonna go for
a gig so I know I have chemistry
please come on give me some good set up
oh oh I said I said we would go for them
he's high rated we have chemistry gigs
so will you get another good centre back
that's not it no one there's even
Spanish so I may as well just take the
highest rated one goalkeeper time come
on give me a good goalkeeper good go key
part none of them yet so in link collar
Cheney we started off six we need to get
some Neymar will take a Neymar Ruiz
though we're taking a Neymar I can't not
take a name or can I who else we get who
else we all go down
I'm sorry Royce I know you're in form
but we need this centre back now we need
the goalkeeper we need a
rightly I think I'm just gonna take
Royce for rating and just go for the 190
come on 190 will it still cost Oh we'll
take him give me someone good give me
another good play another good play
another good player
anyone in the right league know so we
will take highest-rated who this is then
I'm nervous right now Turin audit around
might work we need a striker we have a
striker but he's not very good we need a
goalkeeper in liga BBVA then we may be
sorted by napkin come on four more
players come on we could get 119 we can
do this I believe I believe I don't
believe anymore and I've lost I've lost
all belief highest-rated we just cook go
for two more players come on give me a
player that I can actually use please be
a goalkeeper No Oh No okay well as rated
can go in we will sort this team out and
it is done take a look this is the team
that I've decided to go with I was gonna
change this guy Roberto for been at Mile
is one chemistry so I may do it after I
get a manager let's actually see what
manager we get or we get an Argentinean
one so that may be what we have to go
with we have a 187 right now can we get
it any higher we can but it's only a 189
we're so gross it seems ridiculous let's
see how we can do in the draft though Oh
mark it's a 187 pretty decently
especially up front
come on here we go Leonel Messi Leonel
Messi hi and the turn go got or add pop
there we go one nil
hahahaha outside a monster owner Messi
that's up play on what how you gonna do
that you have to send him off you have
to send him off sandy more sandy Aman
send it you didn't even get booking Leo
Messi are big if there's justice there's
no justice in this game oh you know what
it's Ronaldo he Ronaldo it's not scoring
that informa now do as well not just a
Ronaldo rankings Please Please Please
Please Please Please Please renowed oh
please no no no really
oh he's completely through hello hello
Ronaldo please come in school just to
this lag I want him to quit just so this
lag goes knowing me I'm gonna end up
getting disconnected anyway come on
that's of that's disgusting just let me
score one and quit can he stop Leonel
Messi from a free-kick
are flowing in it literally throw the
ball throws in the goal there we go
halftime if FIFA wants me to reach my
full potential you know they're gonna
have to leave have a good connection I'm
just happy I managed to school before
the light kicked in because they've in
and out a shot in target yet Leonelli
and now you know what see what a season
leo yeah I don't normally shoot those
ones but I kind of thought you know what
the lag is gonna fuck me over at some
point please just make it easier on
yourself just quit it's too near we have
20 minutes left neither of us wanna play
this come on it's not you it's easy I
was gonna say it's not you it's me but
it is you know it just wants to make a
substitute instead sugar sugar sugar
whore go check Chuck oh no it's 2 1 and
this 15 minutes left this is this is bad
defending with lag is one of the hardest
things I've ever had to do and I did
laughs today s level this is it this is
the moment of truth
get in there back post back post come on
Ashley wait wait I can run run them I've
got Leonel Messi I've got little Bessie
oh it launched in a zone go I swear this
is in orange Cheston it this I swear the
whole ball wasn't is coming out though I
don't know I even know anymore
come on mate where's your pace whether
brick is your place what that is a
fantastic bull he's tough back he's come
back you come back I've missed an open
goal he's pushed me over though guys
it's harder than lucid lag ok don't
don't stop calling me rubbish in the
comments I love you God what's happened
he left right I assume I've won because
I'm still in this screen I okay I've got
a 3-1 win that's one game down hopefully
this game won't have the lag that that
last one had game 2 against egg fried
Rhys I mean I was gonna say it's
incredible but it is very good alright
no like no like no like no like no like
oh this guy's attacking as hell I need
okay this is this is one where I need to
just counter I have to just accept that
he's going to have the possession and I
need to just counter the hell out of him
okay we have a little chart
arda turan can he do tricks he can he
can he can and then he whips a ball into
Messi the shortest player on the pitch
probably ranaut it no wait wait what am
i doing going wind up please puss in one
more one more - Ronaldo
then scoop wait no something has to come
of this I don't like this
Oh getting nervous we only haven't you
have a twin that we know we know and
that
oh great safe check whenever I do those
headers they just kind of like float to
the goalie okay yeah I've been very
dominated but you know I'm just not
shooting I keep trying to do tricks in
the area for some reason oh it's just
brought on Neymar I haven't changed my I
haven't even thought about what's wrong
with me why ever not wherever not my
tops get rid of that goalkeeper and we
can finally make the change you know
what just because we're here let's
change the guerre forces Eidos well gone
Renato it was oh no one my side I'm
offside I was thinking I was too good to
be true
get rid of this goal that's kare-kare
the hero he is the man um no I mean the
god amongst men oh look we're going on
oh well then rest then yes yes yes I
love that I love that Ronaldo my knees a
weak my palms are sweaty and there's no
spaghetti on my oh my god he saved it he
just he saved it aim for care aim for
care there's no that's not care it's not
care no Renato Renato oh yes now um
with the buoy I'm sorry ran out I should
have let you take the Penry I know
that's why I miss all right now defend
defend defend defend pot the bus apart
I'm sorry guys I know you hate that I
know you hate seeing caught the bastard
but it is the 90th minute no no no no no
careful careful keeps for I refuse I
refuse to pick it hi I'm picking out a
ticket now and end the game play horn
water frickin kicks on water kick that's
it done great game second round bun two
more wins and you know there's a very
good chance we'll get a good pack that
may have a team of the season in right
time for games three against waste men
TV and
it's an alright team he's got a team of
the season in there alright get the ball
and make us up now we're making us up
I'm sorry color Cheney but I don't care
how I get it you know what we're
actually gonna give a Guerra our whole
game as well I feel like this is gonna
be the toughest game so far unless
unless Ronaldo oh look at that
yes oh no no no no no this ref ain't
taking shit oh no oh no oh no no that's
got care
it was care care is the hero of the team
honestly care is ripping up the team
care is the best player I have go on
pause back give it no it's not gonna be
a pasta renard oh here we go here we go
here we go here we go wait and then hit
it first 100 wouldn't it hejdå back no
wait it's just come on man how am I
gonna pose to the 45th minute I mean he
isn't even had a shot yet let alone one
on target there we go
and then tie back and then go across him
and no oh no no
oh I've jumped in it's up to care care
is the only man left cares the only man
left he's he's done well but he's gonna
have to turn back he doesn't he doesn't
partly just scored oh oh my god if I'm
going out because of that
okay we've gone we've gone attacking but
I don't know if that's gonna do anything
because I can't seem to get anywhere he
just he just has so many people back oh
that's beautiful play oh wait no I'd
loved it he's just paused it what a
little bit and I'm act I've loved it
I know I've loved it I know I have and I
can't do anything I have a completely
open goal please please
game let me score I just gotta keep the
attention please please that one in no
no no no that went in Tom bleep too
young to lose this early Oh No okay okay
okay he's eight had to do is have to do
his job it might be it might be read
this is it if he scores this he wins but
if he doesn't score then I may have one
slight chance jump
then limit no where do I get that go
he's just gonna go third round with that
I'm it care you didn't play very well
that game he's been so good until now
let's see what my prizes are come on let
me see them they're jumbo
I also have some packs from the last
draft I did so I'm just gonna open them
all here we go silver pack if we even
get if we get an informer be happy
because I never get anything okay looks
like we're not getting anything today
a couple gold packs we got two gold
packs a premium gold pack and then jumbo
premium gold pack and these two are
gonna be thought yeah this one and the
next one are gonna be awful and awful
please get changing oh my god thank you
guys for watching we get jeka now we get
damaged brilliant play brilliant play
thank you us watching see
yes yes we go one Sachi I don't care you
I don't know who you are but are we go
blue oh my god we finally got to go to
blue
