let's get in this is safe you should be
holding the iron you slashed or is
missing the door is missing mr. day so
it is time we are throwing this door
away it's been emotional but it's time
to go I'm sorry good vibes I'll miss you
crossbar no it's Manny Manny why this is
impossible to do that clipped dad slip
schema that's a schema run run maybe two
of them for a future video coming up all
right I need to obviously move my car
forward a little bit because that cars
blocking so trying this summon button
basically I can press forward and ready
it's not my I am the last of my po4 some
gain new delivery and like in the next
couple days so don't worry if you have
sent something don't worry it's not gone
missing Susy another package what is
this jewelry make it a liquid voice
that's kind of sick that's very wavy we
you're not wearing half of this just see
you know I am thank you for our
friendship Jane give from amber enjoy
your gift I hope you like the friendship
yin and yang necklace for you and JJ oh
thanks amber
alright so I've been recording a video
over on Mandy's channel I'll leave a
link to in the description with my Manny
and Sophia behind the camera Jed is over
there anyways I thought we'd do an old
video that we've done before it's cool
out penalties I thought I didn't want to
make this a whole video so yeah called
up penalties maybe Manny and Toby roll
against each other when it takes off
we're gonna do black or white see who
goes first
odd one out goes first you know just
call it blue or it black white your
first book - picture - picture i guess
ii buy you a nice jacket on though thank
you ma'am
where can I get that then download it
from Sodom and cloven comb are nice
let's get something right out of the way
this is the easy pen who said the cool
down the middle down the middle is still
a talk with a bang a pen it's very you
know what you know what I totally wants
to give it - no no no wait Toby Toby was
the play that counts I think man has to
go again
down the middle the middle is like there
the middles like that I'm right I'll
give you that I'll give you that just
how easy is me I'll even do a little
Samba on the way
Oh Jett dive mate at least I've pushed
this money I'll give him that
I'll get him no remember the last time
you the top right let's cut to this clip
Manny where's your final shot what all
right Ian right bottom right who cares
go good save thanks guys
you won't give me your heart I guess I'm
stealing you I don't want I still mean
it now you just being you
I told you things
