okay today is a big day and I left me
big like that TV I mean bigger than that
I I'm going to go get something is you
probably tell by the title wanna see me
you can anyway I don't know what I've
titled this yet but I'm going into
London now I'm gonna meet draughts we're
heading over to Heathrow or somewhere
where it is and then we are getting what
is in the title hopefully in the title
so we are in yeah copy and Jake Paul I'm
copying I know anyone else that hasn't
we are in the room full oh my god it
can't be are you kidding me yes so what
it's you watch show me the gas
sorry love mint immobilo
I'm excited my hands were shaking what's
the first immunity no I was gonna say
have sex in the car let's go in can
somehow struggles about the galv have
bags in the boot it's good when the
car's not cooled Simon's concern the
profile is son hey Simon
hey oh I took him to the car yeah open
the door for you oh yeah yes will you
close the doors please so I never have
to do anything again leave the seat Boca
done imagine you just press the button
don't run it because it's electric gas
what you mean you're not personal it's
about design it's automatic braking
you're laying genuine
can we not it's teaching it's too soon
it's too soon to be doing this
I should scare those hold it stop I'm
sad no hands hi we can chill all right
cool one two one two three yeah we're
coming
the road is curving yeah it's gonna turn
itself right maybe there's Easter eggs
apparently and I don't know how to do
them here we're in a service station I
think it started
let's go neaten in the car comments down
below let me know what to name the car
don't open videos hundred thousand likes
yeah but I've started a vegetarian one
month show us what you got any
vegetarian burger at the moment really
not and the journey of vegetarianism
start casting back under our own Range
Rover
so yesterday going now man you got leave
the spaceship which means I'm gonna have
to go to this camera this part of the
video are you gonna like say it's for
you yeah two keys I was hoping we do in
those videos then you be like Oh
surprise surprise this is actually your
Chi until next time she never know it's
just nigga probably thinking over Simon
you have a nice car like the Evoque it's
a nice car wide why do you need a new
one I'm not gonna lies you guys and be
like oh you know ever since I was
younger I wanted the Tesla Model X blah
blah because it wasn't even out
basically I went to LA a few months ago
like well almost a year ago now and I
went to the face house and faced rain
has one of these cars i sat in that car
for about ten minutes and I was
immediately like I love this car I I am
in love with this car because the phase
rain realistically I've seen obviously
I've seen like people like david dobrik
I've seen Jake Paul I've seen other
people have this car their cousin Model
S's you guys know I sat in that car and
I literally just straightaway was like I
know that's my next car and obviously
thanks to you guys obviously able to get
my dream car so obviously this is all
down to you guys so I obviously want to
say thank you and everything's a soppy
bit at the end and say thank you and do
the whole dream speech you know that's
basically why I got the car obviously
the Evoque I don't really drive much cuz
I don't go out much but I'm hoping that
I start driving more cuz I'm obviously
want to start vlogging a lot more which
hence this car I thought you know I'll
get a car that I literally want to drive
every day and
then I can you know go out and vlog
every day hopefully so this is hopefully
the start of a beautiful vlogging
relationship between me and the car see
I need a name that's why I need a name
for it because then I wouldn't have had
to say between me and the car I could
have said me and Caroline was weird
Noah's gonna say Caroline I'm not
calling it Caroline so I stopped on the
way home and now I have to have these
corn corn corn corn this stuff isn't
mine by the way just clear up luckily
this is my favorite sandwich so I know
be too hard I don't know I know a lot of
people are vegetarian and stuff but I a
lot of meat that sounds weird a lot of
meat so for me to just suddenly turn
vegetarian quite a lot I'm gonna try
anyway
I'm gonna see what happens I'm told my
parents yet so when I go home it's gonna
be kind of weird all right so I just
want to say thank you obviously I'm
lucky enough to be in a position where I
can have that car and I'm really really
bad using words as you can tell by this
sentence so I just wanna say thank you
like I never thought in a million years
I'd I have a car like that and I'm I'm
lucky enough that I don't know I don't
know what to say I'm just I'm really
happy right now and I just want to say
thank you because it is obviously all
down to you so I'm gonna carry on just
making videos I'm gonna sit indoors I
know I was gonna say I'm not a flashy
person but I did just upload a video
like a couple days ago where I had this
TV so I can't really say that much
anymore but you know what everyone who
watched my videos thank you very much
thank you for the support thank you even
if you hate you're still watching my
videos and it's talking it that's still
but if you do support me thank you very
much and if you aren't subscribed to
then subscribe like the video share the
video with everyone you know we
obviously trying to form like an army
from I'm not I'm not looking Paul but
that is everything for today so thank
you guys for watching thank you guys for
supporting and thank you for allowing me
to do what I do so yeah see I mean crime
I in know scene man on my saw cord
that's my team if you wait there more
time you can fuck off my Knock ever
annex man's dream
that I'm older I surpassed hundred
thousand sold per minute or fuck this
job imma take my tongs on the road
minimum wage
