what's up guys welcome to another way
this is dirty as hell just how long it's
been since I've blogged I am heading to
Leeds United to watch leads be childhood
Lewis is the only child fan I know so we
have to win me he's not coming with me
I'm actually meeting one of my like one
of the first people I met on YouTube
could r9r I or Danny member football
tournament it for like base seventy nine
eight years ago will copper 90 hours
this is it basically so I am getting a
train now to London and London two
leaves and then meeting him there I'm
also going to tweet out while up there
to see if any of you guys are around at
the game cuz I know some people who
tweet me that you're going to the game
so yeah I'll probably see a lot of you
there but I am surprisingly awake
considering it is now hop up 9 then I've
been up for about 45 minutes so now I
just have to wave my cab
welcome to leave seriously also sunny so
sunny and we're here about an hour and a
half early so I'm gonna go meet my uncle
for quite a bit because I'm like and
then we go and once again
perfect
if you moments later
minute
okay
because it's logging in my vlog I don't
know you but my daughter's you know -
maybe
what's the channel
okay hey Danny leads are amazing ha ha
ha kappa ha ha ha ha ha ha
and went back at a train station but
we're again from buddies now we got half
an hour till our train first off where's
the shop
I'm gonna leave kit finally like the
first year hadn't got one so I finally
got one he got the other one so you
wanna match
I've been awkward we have half an hour
now so I don't know what we're going to
do to kill the time I have an idea
burning last long because the copyright
so yeah I would have done that a whole
way around but copyright is a nap man
and back in London
basically I fell asleep as soon as I get
to the train to know about so does
everyone I woke up and after like an
hour and every one of the sleep kind of
spooky just like no one is moving I kind
of thought everyone died
now we just got to get underground and
then go see Lewis Lewis still be there
and you're probably gonna rub it in and
Josh can ask how we did cuz Millwall one
does that work social media asked how
leave did if it wasn't
six counts we return
and then 96 back as the tickets to see
lead moves the chosen chosen anyway
that's why I look like a zombie because
I just spent the last two another
sleeping so
Roma's home
we're home
hey Josh hi hi moo moo is looser Luis no
unluckily a few is not ah thank God I
have two more days of not being mocked
please believe me okay Noah London they
happily all that free goes zero you told
you earlier right he only asks who a
no-win please overtime it's after the
time these days don't you see women
would go sex gombet and we're back
longest day it's not long as they're so
but it was a pretty long day by the half
9:00 in the morning and I am now back on
my house at 20 to 12:00 so yeah a lot
guys a long day just spoken to Josh and
uh looks like we might be recording soon
but yeah I met tons of you guys there
today Danny was actually like Danny by
the way is uh I said in the intro
Danny's called online Ryan YouTube I'll
evening's his channel in the description
he hasn't actually posted in quite a
while but he says he's gonna start
posting a bit more again maybe in the
summer even if he doesn't post anymore
you go look at his old videos and look
he done at all like football videos as
well yeah as I said he was I one of the
first youtubers I've met a copper 90
tournament he's also one of the only
Leeds fans I know that was you tube or
anything Nick 28 I think is the only
other one it's good to see him again
yeah that he was like semi counting like
where he gave a rough estimate and he
thought that was between like 250 to 400
people probably this is sound really
weird okay because some of you'll be
like this sounds obvious if you see me
out just come talk to me because there's
quite a few pictures that'll be on
Twitter today of me just in the
background
someone like taking a picture over their
shoulder and me just over there and it's
kind of like just come talk to me like I
only bite sometimes favorite that's just
a random point that was in my head and
I'm very tired so I think there's only
one thing left for me to do you know
what that is as well ah
I'm playing I'm gonna go record boosts
oh we got one we've only got one it is
for us Jason Mraz oh man that's the
first backup reaction - as well while
living scene inside hey yo Mike I even
bought lunch at Phyllis but Jason Mraz
welcome it was those actually met
Patrick Martha's brother oh that was
like oh no so what was three super PAC
I'm gonna get one more silver-blue then
go back to gold so no
