favor the season is here guys it's
finally here I will put a blue red
bunker that's blue whoa Mike Lee Co
biscuits can say imma get one of them
and there are 25 k packs out right now
but we'll start with some 15k packs here
we go guys team of the season is
underway who we gonna get give us a boat
wait wait we're on color uh uh huh I
mean it's an in-form but the pace well
it's a good start I don't know why I'm
opening these 15k back so I should
probably move on to the 25k boats but
here come on come on I loose weekend rez
I mean 85 rate it's not bad just a shame
it seemed this is the one this is the
one I can feel it can you feel it can
you feel it can you feel it
mm-hmm I think it's probably time we
going to these 500 fifa points then I
get 12 things already come on one of
these one of these 20 25k bags has to
give me a blue one blue that's all I
want today I want more than Apple one
blue no jackal
man you're not a different kind of date
I'm a different kind of G you're not
shack up one of these has to be one of
these has to be a blue come on that's
these are awful gays I don't want gays I
mean there's nothing wrong with it it's
just you know I want blues not gays so
come please please it's off man dander
oh yeah brilliant alone pack maybe I'll
get one in there you know how funny it
actually be if I got 188 raised all
right let's go again we're going back in
we got back in come on blue
come on give me a blue blue blue blue
broke your Barney needs to just knit he
needs to leave the game get 85 ratings
but I don't really want them I need to
drink the blue drink as the blue comes
out ready really I mean I'm just getting
people it clearly worked for ei as well
everyone's getting these everyone's
getting Blues on Twitter already and I'm
slacking and I told you I just burped
this mouse I have to put my the way I
don't wanna put this head dog Amiga
Blair I haven't got anything in so long
I'm what I believe she got like five of
these packs left and look what I'm
getting I'm getting a senjo like one
blue one blue in these packs what I need
one blue one blue
okay brassy cool but give me human Mike
a couple weeks oh don't do this to me
come on just let me waste my money and
open packs please about time I just
burped a little bit Oh and matter we
know it's Cabaye good bye bye three
packs remaining of these three 25k packs
and I'm getting Kaanapali anchor again
saying now let's actually try a cheeky
silver pack acres you know silver super
blues would be pretty decent I would be
I'd be
blue apparently I'm not getting anything
bog freed i elite player so uh I got a
leads Claire come easy my team is
seasoned can I call it a team in a
season pack I mean yeah Wow oh we got
one with my legal one it is Perez Jason
Mraz oh man that's the first bag up
reacting to as well while living seems
like yeah yeah Mike I even bought one
shuttle is but Jason Mraz welcome it was
those actually Patrick Matt's brother oh
that was like oh so what was three
silver plaque I'm gonna get one more
silver blue then go back to gold so no
not this one alright Wagyu isn't that
type of beef I'm below Devon do you have
a day oh whoa whoa well my straw my
controller bastard I actually sung it
that's the first time honestly I swear I
have sung it today I don't want to go
back to gold Ford you bastards
welcome to Michael oh I'm sorry guys I
want to stick to Silver's right now I'm
open about six packs and got two of them
silver silver okay tying it up in a row
what the why am i getting going oh oh
and another bloke that's three bows in
the silverback cause I do absolutely
gold that's three blues in some little
flats I'm going back to golds while I
have the luck nothing just gonna rustle
through these jimmies until we get one
as quick as we can come on skip no I
don't even say that name kuchinashi
Chad's alone hello
low blow blow blow blow blow blow blow
blow
I said blue I don't feel like I've
achieved anything haven't got a gold
blue yet which is what I set out to get
I didn't set out to get silver blues now
I'm game yeah I haven't even got an
informed since like the first pack where
I got Tommy itchy I'm not getting
anything these gold plates are genuinely
horrendous bojam there's my best player
and not not even a rare gold I've opened
way too many packs do not get one I've
heard JJ's showing least twice and I
haven't I haven't even go over a golden
ages Oh
why do I want a one-player backwards a
2-player back why do I want a two-player
patch I get two players one of which is
red it's gonna be silver boom okay it's
a shocker I'm a DIF no you know what you
know
oh my out of points but I haven't got
one imma go back to Silver's just make
myself a little better because right now
I am really contemplating what I am
doing because I can't I can't get one in
gold
whereas Silver's I can get one every now
and then this being uh then alright
starting a little bit pissed off fate
let me given me a blue quite a white
okay Debbie can we get our fourth blue
of the day Davey's I don't even know you
are you play for Portsmouth and ammon's
Portsmouth anyway for blues but they're
all silver what do I do
take him we have four
yes yes we go one Sachi I don't care you
I don't know who you are but I we got
blue oh my could we finally got a gold
blue you know what screw it we'll take
it at least like it ended happy now
right that is all for today
and I know I didn't get a good one guys
but I will be opening more packs so yeah
thank you guys for watching and see ok I
lied I'm going for another pack ah but
on a real I just I just want one more
that's it that's all the one I mean that
would be is not quite one but oh it it
formed a ditch
I'll take it in form come on whoa one up
another in four I see a black card and
immediately think is gonna be sick he's
a tier eight and I don't care one more
one more player Peron okay brilliant
oh yes yes good one of okay no he's
absolutely terrible but it's bro but boo
- well that's always fun isn't it
anyways - blues that's all I wanted I
mean I got full silver blues as well but
now we got a second blue absolutely
shocking but I believe it on the list I
now that actually is it a party now were
you serious that's the first body I've
ever packed a thing anyways that's all
for today thank you guys watching and
see time for a French team don't let me
down guys is the new division let's see
what we have the last theme was bad and
he played bad this guy has an alright
team that just hope he is average I mean
his name is kind of average he's a be
he's easily sees on a oh come on good
boy that's a man there's a pen oh
there's a bad but that one was always
upset a pen I know I always say rest on
everything
