yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to the very best I asked you guys
whether we should do their drop and you
agreed that we should but before we do
that draft something serious is
happening black borders make things
serious I am in Division two we need one
point if I lose both games today I am
relegated into Division three that's no
laughing matter alright so we're gonna
play both games today and the next
episode will be the draft because team
of the season comes out later today or
it's already out by now and then the
draft should have the team of the season
oh shit Brown got read last game well
PBL team I guess I made this up to you
and the team we're gonna have to face so
actually this is the first time where
I've honestly looked and gone that is a
bad team saying that he probably knows
what he's doing I come at George causing
such alright and then turn back alright
the plus plus oh no I'd never plus I
shouldn't pass there alright come on
Luke a coup come on alright when we go
returning and then you play them up and
then he's running ok arts hill let's see
your left footed remember
alright you know what you know I know
what is taking so long why do I keep
passing from that's why but seriously I
need to stop passing from that angle it
never works big table I wonder you want
me 1v1 me bro one all right name is IRET
big man T but he hasn't done anything
yet like he hasn't even had a shot yet
but then I can't get any locate how does
he wait huzi how does he get it doesn't
how is he just keeping up with me I
can't even get a counter-attack because
he just has so many people but come here
weasel boy coming
don't lay across deliver us a throw in
here is fine
let him get it to the guy in the area
don't let him get it no I see you
running there yeah look how much I've
closed him off one do something
oh no no no oh seriously Susie he has to
take it sometime surely after all our
hold up hold up hold up
max gradle bad ah okay that's then and
that's a red surely that's a red he
didn't even get rent alright George best
punish him for not giving him a razor
boom other terrible penalty that I
scored I'm not getting relegated today
go go go go go go go come back
nice nice by side look at the Liggett up
for work
the footwork and the cross de Luca go
still on look and then pass it in and
then turn back lay him off and the
George that was honestly terrible
fucking a chance in here that's not a
good shot
wait no wait wait how is he just go out
a counter tactical big tackle this good
you know what I was just about to shoot
here's another shot yet I'll be so
disappointed if I don't get a point out
of this he is literally trying to foul
me come on player I know I'm being a bit
good all turn up turn up
Oh even he's hurt me to go that way look
is trying to foul me he's actually
trying to foul me but all my players
won't get fouled
honestly this guy is not very good he
knows fun I've seen that I look at that
pass that's a horrible touch but it's a
great ball in an S - Neil whoa thank you
George
again let's see look at his goalkeeper
Eddie is goalkeepers coming out I can
actually just pass it there and then I
have an open goal can I score I looking
panic look at him panic right now
Oh pass it back we're just winning the
toying with it the toy with 20 we're
toying with him with toy we're toying
we are toy we are scoring just clear out
I said we're toying with him we're not
toying him okay having a much more
disturbing video maze keeps coming out
again come on
woods no ways purple on the line but can
you stop it it is better if you got into
the line and then just stood there
that's we're not yelling is ah what am i
doing why am I even wasting my time and
energy on this guy why am I doing this
um five Nilla five is like why I'm four
all right
oh my god I was actually playing
one-handed as well come on Mike come on
Mike come on Mike
come on mate he's giving it he's given
the goal I kind of wanted the red card
what is he doing does he not realize he
can't use these players next game lap
but honestly he's got two Reds now
yeah I'm literally just getting him to
forfeit the game
go on D again mate do it again do it
again is that for is that gonna be a
fourth come on send them off ramp come
on and boom not gonna lay them up the
satisfaction of abandoning the game I'm
gonna I'm just gonna keep the ball and
then the rest gonna blow the saw
actually because all I've never playing
no don't let mommy
don't let foul me don't let barmy no I
don't want to be bad I don't wanna be
bad I don't run all right there's the
game and he can't use four players in
his next game I'm sorry man but you're a
dick he had two shots I mean two shots
forward
he had more red cards than he had shots
good job you held your division we got
seven and a half thousand coins I won't
buy anyone next episode cause I'm gonna
do that first two games the draft so we
now have like 8000 points then after the
draft I'll probably get a couple packs
and then I'll sell those players and
hopefully I have like 15,000 coins and
now we're going back into the vision to
it with restarting ten games to get six
wins time for our French team don't let
me down guys it's a new division let's
see what we have the last team was bad
and he played bad this guy has a no
right team let's just hope he is average
I mean his name is kind of average he's
a B he's at least he's not a oh come on
good boy that's a man does it man
oh there's a bread but that one was I
was episode a bin I know I always say
ref and everything but that Ryu offside
didn't even you weren't even outside
here we go we have another chance
yeah you think I'm turning back but I'm
not good oh yeah no this is not a game I
meant to win I really like this French
team it just has so much pace and so
much electricity turn back finesse that
is too easy for the goalkeeper big
Dinnigan just we actually scored
oh nice leap there Griezmann ay ay ay ay
ay ay ay
hey hey hey commits cup how do I just
let them dribble through me like that
llamo Georgie baby come on judge
come on mate I am yeah
give me the corn okay don't give me a
corner oh and notice by yet come on no
no no no no no no no no no no no and
particles what's it a ghost baguette
George loves a shot by the way George
George's best little air bladder over
here we go George best yeah he keeps
thinking but I'm gonna I mean I should
cut back cuz I mean my crossing doesn't
really work
oh my god for an there's a problem
honestly I didn't do that I know your
eyes have no reason whatsoever to
believe me
but I trust me I didn't do that scene an
early ball seen an early ball ah why
does this give us to be so tall
what the hell my defect oh my god I
don't said about do I I'm missing a
centre-back come on come on out come on
out I need to put another center back in
I am an idiot what am i doing this is
why I lose games I don't have a left
midfielder now just to warn you guys now
I have to play down the right in it's
halftime I mean I deserve to be winning
but I now have 10 men I see you know
what now last time I said sometimes it's
harder to play against 10 men I stick by
that I just hope I don't go tonight men
I mean can we not can we just have a
little chance for me come on back just
to one I told you is harder to play
against ten men I mean it's easier when
it's straight from kickoff why is that
in the game I don't get it if you get
past the certain amount of players it's
just like it's a goal just so unfair I
worked so much harder for my goal and
now no-nothing gonna be very hard to win
this with effort but Remy put and turn
in for this but oh we win it 3-2 please
can I make a tackle no there's too much
pressure so much we should take a look
again take a look again no great seems
we have 10 minutes remaining and I'm
winning with 10 men I need
to get rid of the ball not that way not
that way George this is your time to
shine it's you versus the world there
you go there you go and then turn in and
then Oh Oh George best after all of that
no no don't make it foul don't make a
foul though don't do not bow whatever I
do do not bow like big tackle know what
right and then and then bang it and you
know what it's the 92nd minute he's
gonna put that straight away wait wait
wait turning bang reddit but I come
tackle em a call tackle em like on I
tackle him I can't does that go we won
we just won with ten men that you ten
men except you've ran I love you all one
game down one win done five more wins
and we are back in Division one but as I
said next episode will be the draft
hopefully the episode after will be as
well because that means I will be
playing four games
let me know there's anything specific
you want in the draft that's all for
today thank you guys for watching and
see you let's just cross it in there's a
book but we scored a header damn it
silver yours our heart counts for an
extra two three your height that's what
it is there's halftime we're right back
into this I was to know down within like
six minutes yeah
no no no no no it is the freaking season
and yes top ha
