yo guys let's go actually wait before I
do this what's up guys and welcome to
the shortest team we are doing the draft
today we are going to be choosing the
shortest player out of the options I'm
not actually in a sit like this but I
want to sit I we're gonna go for the
three four one two we have to choose the
shortest player and I'm so messy it's
very very short I know food tray is very
sure but your silver only such a good
start right we have a 5-11 we have five
seven all right in form messy we'll take
that what a bros not getting into team
five eight decent centre-back is next
come on six foot high we have by a
decent choice why may as well go over
the only argentinian playing dope in
centre mid who you're gonna get any
esters very short as well
Bharati is that short are you certain
for a cease-fire fine i have to choose
for Rafi over oh ah
that could have been amazing that could
have actually been incredible it's gonna
be silver
prosper Wow cost is actually pretty tall
Griezmann card the plane with that come
on short players done
I hate then that happens so we get it
yet we'll be gonna go we're gonna get
okay French player five baked to beat
cool I started so I mean I've got decent
chemistry one side of the pitch ah
Ted - it's not gonna link with anyone
ever are we gonna get our final center
back what 511 there's a centre back oh
god guys the chemistry is lacking a
little bit started off really really
well this now who's this gonna be it's
gonna be this guy in it 511 for a
professional goalkeeper that doesn't
make sense
511 please please one of you know it's
not six - I do
come on legal legal legal Nick W is
pinkish or 5/8 yeah 5/8 oh I'm gonna do
a spiel equators surely or coulomb we
have a choice of him as pee I mean as
FINA Quetta wouldn't link with Rico
Chalet with link with the goalie and
Bharati we're gonna have to save him
come on give me alcohol matters can be
very short
how short is it five seven were Shaqiri
all right Matt or Shakira yeah it's
gonna have to be matter give me some
more good players they're short Willy an
Oh gut so that is a very very tough one
go with Garza next play a short play
short lap Hulk's gonna be the shortest
isn't he dammit Hulk the players I have
turned down today have been incredible
wow he's short five seven there we go
anyone who's short you can still make it
we gave five seven yeah I need a center
bike I need another cinema or at least
like a defender telephones taller than I
thought Leonardo welcome next player
javi neo Pedro Pedro who's worked come
on come on come on stand back stand back
son back son of a parasite you man we'll
take him this team could work this team
could actually end up being
five final player of the day and who is
gonna be the fire it doesn't matter
anyway there's Silver's and none of them
are gonna play now manager yes I just
have to choose which one looks the
shortest vanghoul looks pretty tool
welcome aboard Miriam I let me see what
I can do with this team all right so I
have managed to transform the team into
Chris and yeah it's it's very average we
got 85 ratings 79 chemistry and a now
this is gonna go because I can't really
play with three in the back don't know
why I chose it
let's see I guess I it's a good team but
the left back that's his weakness I'm
gonna have to expose that and rough
let's go where do we go play slow play
slow we have Messi Messi is our man he's
the man
today my own David game called my Harry
King
I didn't know how you clean even had
lakes come on pass it up buzzer and
playing through and turning and then
we're silver just got in the way my own
player just got in the way just realized
corners are a little bit of a problem
aren't they on a very very short team
before the header lads go get that get
up cut makes tackle no wow wow wow
Wow what's up uh considering I'm on
defensive the same very defensive I'm
really going to plan isn't it come on
come on we need to go now we need to go
what all right and turn breath then
there's a pen just I if I want to have a
chance at winning this game I need to
score this penalty oh just what our pen
whoa all right one back we're still it I
think I just pulled my groin however I
pulled my groin this is a real football
posing a boss look at that go great
challenge Hal a donor how you say his
name we all remember when people were my
team do slide tackles it's like an extra
challenge for them because they are you
know let's just say vertically
challenged just the right term for this
last chance and a half here we go here
we go last chance and um folks it out oh
no that's a foul
thank you I've got the shortest team but
you know what we have more heart than
them let's just cross it in there's a
boat right
we scored ahead up dammit sylvite yours
our heart counts for an extra two t of
height that's what it is there's
halftime we're right back into this I
was to kneel down within like six
minutes get rid of
no no no no no no it is sighs frickin
season Andy esta ha o Bharati
grazie for us a yes is so little yet so
good are they always said good things
come in small packages I use that as a
chat line as well not that it's you know
small or whatever oh my god we are
putting some massive pressure on him but
I can't score this is it this is his
final chance that he's going to scores
me keeps please keep on thank you I I
think that is gonna be that he's got a
shot oh no okay all right no that's it
all right full time we're going into
extra time we need to make some subs
because people are dying out there
good so you're coming on for silver
the ball move but it may pay off
Rico's away Rico the Overtoun looking
full he's away oh oh oh
turning more more ad hats below yellow
seguro ladies in the Billboard is a
walking advertisement
there's halftime we are four three up I
should have scored more this hard oh
okay he's put on Messi just when you
thought alright we've got this I
possibly above it turn up turn up then
chop-chop no no no oh oh come on as well
this is it this is the end the game we
just need one more chance
Oh beautiful you see that and you know
what I'm short and I can't cross that's
as far as my point goes wait wait a sec
wait a second wait a second libero
where's your place arcade is now in
family but we have done it we're into
the second round again I was getting too
hot so the first round but we are going
for a second win right now what Oh God
187 but it's goalkeepers pretty terrible
in Al Abbar has no chemistry I'm
definitely gonna let some goals in this
game I just just defend defend that's
all we need to start with it's a nice
defense that's a foul as a foul you see
that's is that is that offer what am i
doing what why do I struggle so much at
the start you know Oh Guerro
Oh Oh sick what his goalie is terrible
and deserve a goal and I know I'm not
gonna get it come on please again you
have a second chance
the second shoved you bowled break oh we
see a judge Griezmann you know what
you're left for it I think you must be
the score that you must be freaking
barefoot oh jeez I need to learn to
shoot more then I can do that whole
Griezmann again Griezmann again turns
out
does the both and finishes for to Neil
oh this guy seems like the kind of guy
that would quit you know last chance
last chance come on come on please get
that Griezmann ah
wait let's limit where's mommy field I
with stormshock star shots pass it
forward pops it up
there you go pass it down pass it back
ah Griezmann going off the post again
you learn 45th minute you shoot halftime
three nil III wants impression now where
you want some pressure I'll give him
some pressure come on come on silver
please be on side alright alright I told
you I'd give you pressure I told you I
give you pressure oh do you scored one
yes okay he's got one back all right now
we just got to stop this attack while we
can we're kind of doing all right you
know we've got a pen we've got another
pen we was the pen in the last game I I
even know anymore
so many goals right we're not gonna go
in the same place is gonna go the other
top corner bang five one blaming go oh
god and then you know what I'm going I'm
just going goals I'm going for cold six
one I want to see him quit although
saying oh no no no
no no no that's the piles over wait no
no no no no why why why does this happen
every time
please just be a sketch please please
please please please please
okay was just a scare it's just a scare
that happens every time it's cool we
just it is just do you know like a fire
alarm it's not a real one it's just fuck
sake what the hell y EA servers so bad
and then yet look ready and it seems I
just created a night yeah brilliant
I'll just claim my prize yeah I lost
three no did I not like I was 6 1 up
sick 3 normal goal well one jumbo one
but I get one rare player in the first
one Harry Kane we get Paris Griesemer
man you were so good for me as well and
now
now you're gonna Voigt you're gonna
bring me I'm gonna bring me an Andre
gonna bring me not I'm getting three
Reds in this pack three Reds three Reds
and I don't even get a rare that pops up
it pop off it didn't pop up it popped
off well wow we get free gold pack just
to rub it in even more we're not done
yet
so Oliver we're gonna get us nothing
well that was the shortest draft I it
was it was going well and then EA
decided you know what he's doing a
little bit too well let's just keep that
switch and we're out thank us watching
and see you please leave me
Oh God I don't have a good feeling about
this one here we go what you see in that
one and what is that what is that know
what that I don't know what this is the
hole I'll call you I caught you done I
don't
