what is the most important cup or league
in the world some say the World Cup
others say the Champions League well I
say the championship but no one really
agrees with me don't really know what
this has to do with the video we are
doing the FA Cup semi-final except we're
not doing the semi-final word in the
whole tournament but we don't have long
we have to have it you have to have two
players from United Oh Everton and two
players from pilots and Watford's I
decided now that's not enough because I
could literally just put two United
players two palace players and that's it
I decided now ah no no no no no we're
gonna use everyone from those teams so
boom look at this team look at the
colors no in a racist way there's green
black and gold one Palace three what for
three menu and for Everton now let's
find out what other people use it is he
gonna have an old made up team up no
wait wait oh no no and I looked at the
top work my way down tour to Arsenal
players into legends right here we go
let's go ever so I need to think of the
name for this I'll come up with it
throughout the video go up go up go up
ugly come on come on I'm turning and
then finesse no wait get it get out
again come on man
Barbeau whips adil hits in the face I've
got it ever Chris what United
come on ever Chris what United get that
gone when it went ah no I'm trying to
figure out this guy's trying to make it
boring on purpose because he's
succeeding if he is he's just lit I
don't I don't go on hit up bang
what how did that not go in come on what
the hell is that going play pass and
then no did he did he used to go that
you why was I found socially hit the gym
and then talk to me this is so boring
I need a goal now so that he can't do
this please good
Kwame go there you're legal with it what
wait you think you tried hitting that
honestly how is this guy having fun
playing like this I don't know I don't
get I don't get it come on where's
moukaku
you know what we're for balling straight
to the goalie halftime from one of the
most boring games ever there you go that
just sums everything oh I'm on the right
Oh Mike what penalty please please
please please please give me go give me
gone what no no no no no no no no no he
missed Paluxy just missed over go loses
everyone to touch and did a Dido
score oh now we've got to go through it
now if we get a second while he has to
go for it this would be perfect
dodo oh he need eeny do they Oh Danny D
oh I am merely his chances are getting a
lot closer than me to scoring but who's
winning who's winning right now that's
what I meant to say he just brought
Henrik Larsson and Eden as I go on to
Bob oh come on come on come on please be
on side just to nil that's game get rid
of it get rid of it now and then we have
a clear run why would you go for the Oh
Ozzy come on Ozzy come on pass across no
no no no no no that was honestly that
would have worked if my player didn't
rip him up close them down
please don't score this now and jump
what my wall where was my wall
we need to progress through this
tournament that's why Marsha alpha
necessary to the top corner thank God
for that now get rid of this and we
should be good no this guy is a master
free-kicks this is the end it well the
games already over but you know what run
from rounded what what would I say that
that and then I can't give it why can't
I score one on once that's it game so
this is the FA Cup semi-finals this mean
round 16 is only the first 22 and a half
minutes and I'm about to play the next
22 and a half minutes will stay with the
halftime team did well can't fault it
and just as I thought where's the point
in these tournaments if they can just do
that ah right here we go again hopefully
this guy won't be anywhere near as
boring as the last guy I mean it'd be
pretty impressive if he is doing seen
you in there gone gone mate got Buckley
God but why do why not just pass that
one across you better be an informed man
okay this is it guys this is it marshy
out Marsh I'll post it in and then pause
one more one more
Oh just not far enough I can get it
round this guy just can't get to that
fire I just can't get in there here we
go we're finally in the area we're
finally in the area go low back
what is that's that's a great ball
velocity with either one there the
crossbar in the first game as well isn't
the point of an inform that they are in
form they don't know
roll by losing he's not gonna come
market I'm gonna do it here we go
alright and then plug it back and then
take this out mocchi oh look look up
he's gonna pass it
ah the pressure but I can't do anything
when I go oh good
oh look a coup right foot you don't have
a right foot do you I don't know how I'm
no no no no no we can't be with Harvey -
dad we're two down we're two down how
does he school that halftime and I'm to
kneel down now I want my players out on
the pitch I want to give him a
talking-to this is what we need Berkeley
Berkeley there's one there's one back
here we go here we go belazi but lasse
tripled up head just berkeley yeah are
now you're starting to play like an
informed
D Paul D Paul D Paul oh my I don't know
what deep all is he thinks I'm gonna
turn back I'm not I'm gonna close it
went oh no buddy good cousin it was Dini
Dinis in there dd-do named jack is
leaving that there's the ball there's
the ball that you see him you see him
he's open
Haku come on your orange legally go i
that's it this is it dude a why can't be
nice chords because I keep saying don't
own teeny teeny do no drop dollars wait
wait it's what oh my god Dean you to
Berkeley come on sisters end the game
now end the game defensive ultra we've
won it we've won it the last kick of the
game
whoa what a game Selhurst lions Kagome
ah team come on this is going well we
got a guy with a Wofford kit and a
Wofford badge and he has won Watford
player to Watford players
what's wrong with people these days
let's see if they bring him luck okay
he's a lot better than the last guy he's
better than the last guy guys some
worried tile god oh no he's simply one
of these guys to me one of these guys
the crust is how worthy ohh-ho-ho-ho
ohh-ho-ho-ho Lukaku Lukaku closin down
close down the norm no no no mm num num
num he's all sides come on ma hsiao and
this could be it this could be it go on
please like how's that
and then look I go yes he steps up
finally there's halftime as well run
this program Tommy get a goal in a very
very dull game but it doesn't matter
look at this movement look at it Lukaku
look at goo why did you jump why not
just take the hit there you go there you
go like that take the hit like that that
is a red as well no there's no red
there's there's no no - hey you're not
having it but know why but I trust
Barkley the most of this cuz Barkley
he's just shown something he's shot the
US what he's shown we can get a third
goal we've done it go and posit that's
it one more yeah I'm sorry to do that
I'm sorry to do that may fight it I have
to wait but you're doing some mad plays
right and then turn back out - OH
that turn that that Wow that gold that
Smalling with his big ugly head so I
didn't mean that small you know you're
on my team as well and we can we just
stop an attack can we stop that please
me can we just stop this for a second
please goalkeeper - here nice landing
it's safe to say that I've won this game
and I mean like I know I'm going to be
arrogant by saying I've won it there it
is three-nil where I to the final this
is my first attempt by the way what a
boring game in turn a photo and into the
final week oh this guy is gonna be good
he's got he's got okay he's got one
Watford he's got one more third one
Palace to Palace one United to Everton
and I know he's good because he's got
some kits for winning slow and he's cool
classic 11 here we go this is it went
into the final into the final but no
okay there we go we need to get a goal
nice and early nice and early let's go
god Smalling whip it in there we go
there's the ball
they're headed for us hit it what whoa
he was nervous there come on play
through turn back and then finesse dude
oh haha what a purpose it doesn't matter
then go in the past was still amazing
alright we're gonna go for more of a
back post and head across style so you
go back to there and head it across and
then you take a touch that almost worked
this is a pretty intense game I need I
need a go please get don't let him score
now don't lamb score the halftime goal
is the important goal that's the chance
due to this nice Oh dough covered oh
come on come on come on no no no no no
no no no no we can't have that we kind
of the 45th look at halftime ah all
these games have been very very dull I'm
starting to think it's me
I feel like crossing might actually be
the best technique
I was giving it near free-kick just
cause it's new kagu and he's orange
we're actually gonna go for it hahahaha
look I go you're left-footed i Det I
sent shoe and then you took an extra
touch back post back post see you in
there you can't no no no no no no that's
not actually allowed is it that's that's
not surely not allowed I mean I lobby if
I'm gonna score anywhere I'll take it
that we outside guys I'm not gonna win
this game have you seen what's gone
against me so far hang on he's just got
a second red I mean yellow you know what
I'm gonna say why isn't he playing
advantage but now I understand corner
sometimes it's harder to play against
ten men though I know that sounds stupid
but it's true no my luck I'm gonna end
up losing this somehow somehow look look
look look it look how he's gonna get
through come on go go go go go go use
your place use your place come on look a
coup come on you know what you're high I
mean Lukaku is right there I've gone for
it I've crossed it there's a book
there's a broken back the barb oh why is
it a bar but why not Lukaku This Is It
this is his last chance and he's gonna
score isn't he he's gonna frickin score
he's gonna freakin score no is it are
you bad for what what I'm to lose Oh
Troy Deeney can suck one he can do but
safety that's it full time again it's x2
the time oh no he's made some subs haha
fan though
you know what is bang one across by it
no wait wait wait we touch down line and
then pass it back and then wait mush out
come on get to him get to your turn
oh my god let temas just run like that
he's only got ten men remember Oh God
he's just scored a corner in the hundred
and fifty minutes I can't save a 90th
minute penalty and then lose right this
is it this is it we have five minutes
left five minutes let's go right cut up
no no no toss it go right and then run
Lukaku hold him off follow through I
didn't need to do that one there it was
a little be the other guy oh they go
yeah ma ba bo then dress how how does he
always do this no no no no okay we know
you're gonna go for a big touch go on
big touch oh no oh no no no no no no no
no
how have I just lost this game that's it
done - OH
how have I lost that and I don't want to
see his trophy ceremony yeah great
thanks mate you know what I'd actually
take that lead getting to the semi-final
worst players this isn't even a draft so
I get nothing for that there's one hour
15 so even if I won is Jay again I could
it that's all for the FA Cup semi-final
challenge they'll probably be a final
challenge as well thank you guys for
watching and see you that's all time
part-time to old I should win this game
as long as everything goes according to
plan then I should have one division one
because that was my plan what fuck what
the fuck looked up how does he make it
through this ain't my plan make that
make that was in people more and then
turn back come back and then finesse how
how how how how how how he has ten men
where is my team then you would take a
big touch around him
