how dare you how dare you comment this
about George Bester the you forgot he's
in the team he is the team kind of it
metaphorically he is the team obviously
I'm not allowed to field one person
that's below the minimum we got a free
pack the drop token pack I know it is
gonna be it's gonna be a free draft
token so we'll keep we'll keep this
stuff though now top comment for this
one is one of these you know that is you
know that is if you don't it's a curve
ball by a player of your choice so I can
by who I want to be fair last episode
are bikers all and I kind of like that
so we are gonna bind Santi Cazorla and
he shall go into the BPL team question
is who do I get rid of and I'm sorry
when y'all done but it's you that's
gonna have to go I'm sorry man I'm sorry
now I have a proposal for you will you
want me to do the draft obviously people
were like seeing drafts and people were
like seeing this series so Advan just
got a free draft token next episode
would you like me to do the drop or what
do I wait until this division is
finished so let me know in the comments
because if you do want me to do that
then I will happily do that but it will
be two games that is how I do it two
games in the draft then if I make it
past that another two games so today we
need one win at least to remain safe in
the division two wins and then the final
game we may be able to get promoted but
limiting times alright we got our first
game against the Pavlovian sand he is
decent sort of out of play on let's try
a little runt go up go up fridge stick
alright alright alright
God good breath something people must
think I'm a dog the amount of times I
say ref I you pausing it this isn't the
draft you don't just bring home an out
oh now alright come on planning motor et
your left foot it right you are yeah I
think I think your left foot
why are you pausing it again with six
vicinities used to pauses and I'm gonna
make him want to pause it I'm gonna make
him wish that he had some horses left
come on see everyone who said George
best was bad you may have been right
yeah George Buster's not left me in the
bed
position seriously how many players to
see her back right now and yet we're
still pushing through his defense oh no
don't let me do it I'm in there from
them in the area don't lemon no how did
that work as a boss guys I have to win
one game today oh you'll stop saying I'm
bad at this okay this was freaking lucky
and he's just got a second goal so he
hasn't got a second go he deserves a
second goal from Brannon owner and Sonia
why is back hairy saggy knees there oh
god oh god oh god oh god what the hell I
don't have any words left guys I'm I'm
genuinely speechless
come on long food rude come on come on
please pull it does it read and doesn't
read let's go hear it
that is a disgusting fire should have
passed across realistically anyway come
on that's gonna be ready cinema send
them off gimme red gamer ed come on
there your car boom we're back in this
well we will be if we can score this
where I go we're going top right
oh yes George this is a big moment in
the game he's not waking us up either
okay yes but that's its final pause what
can anyone explain what just happened
yeah you know we're turning in
but can you read this can you read this
I know that you can make I don't think
you can I don't think you can stop that
there we go - that was nice play and we
are straight back into it why does it
take me two goals to get that I don't
know I don't know
you're not scoring you're not scoring
before oh great challenge come on come
on boys are now closing down we know
he's gonna turn back a yes and turn back
I was wrong
that's all time half time too old I
should win this game as long as
everything goes according to plan
then I should have won Division one
because that was my plan what what the
fuck worked up how does he make it
through this ain't my plan make that
make that was in people more and then
turn back come back and then finesse how
how how how pow pow how he has ten men
where is my team then would take a big
touch around him will pass it in one
more puzzle I know I need to learn to
shoot I'd have a shoot button on my
controller I've just realised far side
far side for side turn in turn in play
boom boom and bang one that is I don't
like that what's that about what's that
about when that when that please please
please get that I swear I swear this
better just be a scare
just bullshit I don't know what I don't
know what to do I was losing III
potentially could have won but I pretty
much played an entire game and then
nothing happens
please don't have a good team please
don't have a good team is is wearing the
Legends kit but that's when you can buy
so it doesn't mean he's good let's go
guys he's playing nice as always but
nice triangles a nice triangles but I've
got the ball take it slow
there you go there you go look at that
ball look at that ball come on Jake come
on and then take a touch and finesse
there we go near post one Neal yeah what
a pass from George best bait for Gatti's
in the team get out of here oh no oh no
no no no for my income this guy goes
from like incredible to that all right
here we go this is the chance of the
Chancellor ball removal you're on your
own you're on right come back husband
one more and then tick what is that it
was I know it was a little bit behind
you here you go let's go turn in what a
touch what a touch what a touch and a
goal - Neal Oh Deary new water how big
did he just jump that was gonna be a
little no we're back - we're back to
this position that was going to be a
slide instead he decides you know what
now i'ma turn into King Kong please can
I save this right you know what Sam -
I'm literally holding that direction oh
this is a good this oh they're good guys
Tommy having that gap of the fact right
we need a third goal to make sure we are
safe
why is it no no no no what are you doing
defender do not be a pen whoo no no why
did you do is that Sandhya just stood
there
oh I'm gonna lose this game as well
halftime this has gone horribly look -
before our time come on Khaleesi go go
go get the ball rev someone who fouled
someone there I mean someone's out here
not not he's found someone he AR really
taking the biscuit
I'm wondering how I'm going to school
right now because it somehow has so many
players back get so many players forward
at the same time seriously this is gonna
take a big team effort what come fuck
what the fuck what up where did my team
just disappeared I don't get it always
comes down to lesions just one little
movement and look at my settle back look
am I said about there like that why was
that my fault huh explain why that one's
my fault yeah everyone in the comments
right now is like oh yeah Simon's fault
why he's losing I have five minutes left
and I'm just not putting anything on I
know I've got ten men so it's gonna be a
struggle but I'm not even having a shot
please why am i done that there we go
that should have been a goal to meet you
pie at WIPP sitting keepers come out
he's punching it come on far side far
side lay off one more one more
alright and then turn in and then for us
wait bang yes we've drawn I know what
your doesn't keep us in the division but
but this guy oh my god with ten men as
well right doesn't matter matters matter
regards for that's what counts
I say it or doesn't matter that does
mean we can now draw one of our last two
matches or win one basically we can't
just lose two in a row I get promoted
but what I'm suggesting is the next
episode will be no more I'll play those
two games then if you want me to I'll do
the draft something you guys let me know
in the comments below top card when I
choose there's watching and see it come
on Caesar below below 85 so I want to
buy buddies probably or in fall but
