yo guys what's going on and welcome to a
pack opening mixed in with yours truly
bean boozled yeah that's gonna happen
bundles you guys don't out his work
somehow
basically there are jelly beans there
are eight different flavors for there's
nice and horrible one so for example a
colorful one could be tutti frutti or
stinky socks what I'm gonna be doing is
if I don't get an 86 rated player or
above or an in-form I will have to eat
one so ten packs
hundred K packs you'd think there's no
way you can't get a 86 rated or an
inform ladies and gentlemen it is the
yet now a fiver on each count so I'm
gonna be opening them with two accounts
so without further ado here we give
first one is done and we get told you
there's got been informed has actually
got V something please a really terrible
one just any any terrible terrible one
terrible to spend account I know he
doesn't our eyes closed that one that is
the color I'm going for
that maybe one is that baby wife isn't
the worst one at all the others actually
kind of it you feel like you're gonna
vomit but it is what it is horrible so
now you get the premise nine more packs
to go surely we are going to get someone
good if we don't get an inform or an
extra player in the whole time I think I
might cry boom 83 again there's no
inform there's no how is that no inform
as the boy but there's no in for are you
serious no informant he's gonna go worse
than I thought as close that one so know
what color it is
are we gonna eat it peach some of them
are nice I mean it's still not actually
nice I three more on this account please
can I play it
86 I've got an 83 twice in a row surely
they're saving up something something
good something good please try say 86
yours okay we got an 86 Raider which
means we don't have to eat one of those
little bastards speaking a little
bastards who's actually in team in a
week oh my god this seems amazing
pogba Benzema Lewandowski ag√ºero and
Matt HD gamer all right now I actually
know what I'm aiming for right we're
getting one we're getting one come on
hunter kpac give me an in-form
that's 86 why does it matter if it's an
inform no it's oh that's not an it
forward it's a that we get a purple card
we get grey but I said 86 or an in-form
and we just go in 84 I could be a
massive douche and be like you know what
now I'm not gonna eat it cuz I got one
but I said an in-form
no he's going into the club though I
don't care I got doing as I was going
man that one boom
no popcorn that's 400 popcorns really
nice that right there is karma I get a
good player ei rewarded me by giving you
popcorn here we go this is the fifth
pack here we go come on come on give me
another good play on like that no no
about that in for me baby
oh god I don't have a good feeling about
this one here we go what would she see
in that one and what is that what is
that know what that I don't know what
the who the hole I'll call you I thought
you done I know what that was that was
only lawn clippings about long-living
Sephora no that was horrible onto the
second account and these I have a bad
feeling about this the account I don't
get good player since I don't open
packed please give me someone good now
this is what I mean I don't think we
have an informant here ah here we go
that one bang don't know what color it
is toothpaste toothpaste this two places
fine it literally tastes like toothpaste
as well I have four left I've escaped
very well so far
here we go fourth pack please can I have
an age I've only got one so far and I
got a purple as well no there's no
inform there there's no point even
looking because I haven't got any of
this week's inform so there won't be
they're great
I'm getting really lucky today because
this doesn't taste bad honestly what is
happening these are gonna be horrible I
say that I still have three packs left
come on please just give me some 86 this
is from informed so I don't have to have
any more I've got on so well so wobbly
Oh golly a book it will be believed
there hasn't been a single inform so far
ah when is my luck gonna run out that
one there all right
this is actually ridiculous there's a
nice one I don't know what that is again
but it tastes alright you're fuckin just
give me anything
it doesn't even need to be a good card
anymore I'm getting lucky with these
just give me what you want ei sure yeah
cool
so beseech I'll have an ice beam Harry
Kane nice to see you mate to see you
nice who cares about this anymore Mars
or look we go
no never had a good one like this okay
it's either dog food or chocolate
pudding never been chocolate pudding
please for once we talkin pudding nah
nah crude and I'll open it just I will
one is horrible as there is one pack
remaining imma make someone a team bro
you him in right there's one bike
remaining and I'm gonna offer you a
choice is it going to be above or below
85 below 85 85 hundred percent okay so
if you get this wrong okay
you have to eat your bean if I get it
wrong either you be janitor yes all
right come on let's go I come on see sit
below below 85 so why would I bother
your body's probably or it inform but oh
no oh God why it's fast I'll tell you
what I'll tell you what I'll tell you
what double or nothing for fun with a
seven and a half K pack fine yeah
alright okay you know you below below
obviously okay yay okay so good emotions
behind please please no no
yeah yours is reportedly oh fuck it okay
I'll another I'm ending it because I
come on please
oh oh you see liver for your life I'm
not doing anymore
I don't study group or nothing oh my god
control is gone
hi there are no more to this in schedule
not bad the way
nope dude that is why items for I've
never dismal such but look okay we'll
just full
I literally talked about this one oh
you're a little you know
alright three potential don't foods in
the sink yeah sure Oh
whatever hahahahaha oh no oh there we go
is that sick as well no I haven't bent
over darn it oh don't know harder
well you called swallow I know you're
over oh my god no no ha ha ha oh nice
well I usually go to here and then both
motormen no you ain't my nation down
what are you doing what oh well bye
sighs it for today guys so it's a well
I'm so happy
we ate the good way the bad we saw the
ugly that's all for today they are
watching and see over wall even I Baxter
from day I don't know what I'm saying he
put his arm around even an Edison self
closer to the point at which their
bodies I intertwines point at which tip
for these Oh
