how did I lose that no no no no how did
I lose twice last time I said I wouldn't
lose you know what the one difference
was exactly my logic small bunny luck
big bunny
lots of a lot I now we're gonna thrash
people top comers a day was to improve
the BP el tema Santi Cazorla I will buy
him at the start of next episode when I
have coins two wins today and we are
safe I said the exact same thing last
time and it went horribly and now we
have the body
come on French team surely not brother
French do battle of the Frenchies who's
gonna come out on top
and who's gonna well they're both gonna
surrender realistically up there wow I
am really bad at FIFA now no you want to
not what hardly take a limp that's a
great challenge get over it why why
could this guy what is that puss it
passed keep the ball move keep the ball
moving mat OED with the pace get so
ballin look at that to the keeper ah
this is horrible this guy is very good
tackle how is he
how is he made upon no no no he's gonna
turn it we I said it I said it i said
'yes wow wow what is the big cycle hey
that's still a pen do not give away a
pen that's the one what no no no no give
it why am i not just getting rid of the
ball go pass it down please do something
now where
my team my team where am i tick there
they are fit that was the worst console
ever seen in my life
oh here we go here we go we actually
have a chance visit what is wrong with
my wife poor good finish oh crap no what
what is that okay it's without her dog
you know what I've actually like somehow
going to the game this is that was awful
that was a terrible first touch okay we
need to just get a goal there we go
halftime and I've held on to Annie
O'Neal I honestly don't feel like that's
justified I feel like he deserves to be
destroying me oh no it's just made sobs
oh no he has way more French depth than
me what just happened get to him get to
him get to go game gonna try a trip
though he's not he's not like oh don't
have time it's gonna suck right oh this
is horrible no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no that Oh
lads I've met my French match if this
was tinder we'd be banging all day right
now oh no oh no he goes
Tynan past there get that look what that
I was that no foul make a tackle tackle
he's turning we all know is good Google
Google Cabo Griezmann come on come on
where is your place where is your face
finish it you turned the wrong way how
is it that where's my defense I'm on
defensive as well and it's still not
what Oh why Laurie's you know he can
only go that side of you I'm on
defensive and I'm getting torn apart
like that right you know what it's
higher please pipe that's too hard isn't
it why why do I have a problem hitting
that and there's another goal what the
fuck is
with this honestly I don't know what has
happened look he just gets one player
through he's gonna bullrope ready all
right Oh chop and then look he's still
got the ball he's still good what I made
a tackle just then and he's still got
and he's just dummy he's absolutely just
fuck me in the ass oh my god what
honestly what happened not even that
unfair you would never think that is a
for Neal I'm gonna get relegated at this
rate it's your turn ppl alright please
can you do better than that please Robin
Robin oh please just be rubbish just one
win today one win is and I'm happy no no
no no no no you can't just have one shot
and then score we're not doing that
again
I got one good turnin turned on the
little touch just stopped me how has no
one had a chance in twenty minutes
oh no no no no no no no no no no no no
no get rid of do not give away a penalty
though if I give away a penalty that's
the end of the day okay and then then
good good then see what I mean I'm so
close to it I just gotta get the final
board so frustrating come on win that
please there you are
honestly nothing has happened this half
I don't remember a shot on target is the
final why do you stop running great all
but and turn in nice no he's read that
it's so obvious that is half-time see
how boring this game has been hi we have
a small chance right now it's one of
them is
yeah I'm just gonna have to whip it in
we've whipped in this pool there's a
ball that's a great ball ha ha
surely you guys can see how close I'm
getting with all of this right turning
turning a bad one just bang what oh
there's my first shot there you go go
George go go go go goo goo goo goo goo
you know what you know what and just
buying it cross just break it but why
why do I have this problem I told you I
can't finish wait no wait don't just hit
don't twist that oh we have a charge and
finally our chair get on my way just
what new Oh when the adamance is running
alongside me the whole time we're gonna
go for another little with pigeon
there's the ball
that's a great ball that's a great book
oh that was a good pulled oh no stop him
pigs dangle oh good save Tech four
minutes remaining eyes one of them bees
one of them big tackle
giggles straight out there you go there
you go this is our final chance badges
minute you know what George best George
best take the corner take the corner but
you know what I'm sorry guys but I have
to win there you go there you go in
there dummy oh ok we'll take the throw
we just play him for the bread we won oh
my god that guy was so boring you win
all three of our games remaining we get
promoted I think we are gonna just try
and hold our position in this division
one win out of three that had that's it
I'm gonna buy Santi Cazorla the start
next episode probably after one more
game so we have enough coins that's all
for today thank you guys for watching
and see up
that is right this is the best chance I
have had of having a 190 okay the team
is it an 89 with a nine
