yo guys are summer I'm welcome to
another vlog another day another vlog
I'm not really doing that much now I'm
going to the zoo later on yeah I'm gonna
be good yeah okay hello was it debatable
okay let's go again random words until
Josh cuts me up there we go hey Josh
what's up there we go hey Josh what's up
but the delivery downstairs
oh what a shock what do we have today
what's it's oh my god that is huge
that's what she said but this is the
part where I leave I know it it's going
all right
oh it's going well nano so display TV is
so far away I can't reach now they
always say congratulations got your TV
upstairs you need a vacation peasants
keep moving my TV to my room boy please
basically Chris and I headed to an LG
event for the release of their new nano
cell TV we took part in a challenge
involving two huge screens which had
various points spread across them which
we would then have to try and hit with
footballs using various skill shots or
random challenges okay right in that
circle okay second tweet a you have a 2
goes in your head so I always got one
that's supposed to touch again basically
it's like technology so you can see the
TV like from all angles as clear as day
so if I'm Austin TV like here it's just
clear as watching from straight on yeah
they've now sent you one which is 65
inches that's a thing 58 facts upgrade
time not grading this cabinet so team
lift
where was the team know few people two
people holding that Josh yeah this don't
ice skate on it either yeah well I bet
you did that one is silky smooth
transition okay watch this alright so
after the transition you can take me up
with a rap in alright yeah
there we go let's transition I tell me
quickly the base on it that little
transition okay and it's done the base
thump doesn't need that the final two
bits
oh we go up now we have to do get rid of
the other team yeah here I really want
to smash it but at the same time
no I'm to smash it you can't smash it
but now I'm top of this filming on this
like when you got this this is like this
any words
thanks just letters wait wait I need
okay I'll leave it there okay let's do
this to you a bit team a bit this
sanguine it's just huge the moment of
truth is my POV no need to carry on
filming don't you put your hands out in
front of it like you're using it
oh I'm getting really dizzy this is so
mad oh my god
I've just got even lazier well I don't
even need to press buttons I can just
wait anglish I don't know wiggle are you
pointed a screen the screen I went to
got the screen - you wanna see something
cool
are you up fast-forward this is one of
the most satisfying things about
anything new for here now just go there
not being there I mean that would be a
sick transition if we could know where
that is Bora Bora or something okay okay
there we go you don't know I wait at
some point if we go to a place like that
there's a transition alright that's a
future Josh what is transition all right
so this is all clear now everything has
been cleared away I've set out
everything it's time to relax and chill
watch my old favorite youtuber
yeah I am oh yeah yeah yeah wow I didn't
realize how tired I lived actually don't
remind me so I currently got
eighty-eight thousand likes on that
video I said that if it gives a hundred
thousand likes
I'd be going vegetarian for a month I've
always wanted to try and I thought you
know why not why not just put an amount
on and if it hits it than I do the issue
is I don't want to be vegetarian on
Christmas Day I don't know that's bad
because then I'm already planning to not
be vegetarian but I need that day off so
I'm gonna have that day off regardless
well I kind of want it to hit a hundred
thousand likes if I'm going to go
vegetarian by the 14th so that you know
Christmas Day is like the end of our
psyche you know what I mean if you
haven't already like the video make sure
you go and like that video well I got
humiliated it was my two videos ago
probably but yeah this is this TV is
matte as you can see like this angle
here is the same as like here normally
when you watch from this angle you miss
stuff but yeah this is a just video by
the way so if you want to go watch this
video I'll leave a link to his channel
in the description anyway that is also
his much just in case you didn't realize
but yeah this TV is matte like look at
that that's mad that's like the skinny
is one of my arms there's TVs incredible
so I just want to thank LG I leave a
link to all in the description as well
yeah that's the madness I know watch
something when I go to bed as well and
I'll give you my feedback like yes a new
South voice the next day okay I have
just woken up and it's my tired looking
steak but I'd literally just fell asleep
watching it it's it's it's unbelievable
I was kind of worried that it was gonna
be a little big I mean it still is quite
big it's like being in the cinema
constantly and you know what's even
better is I can watch TV here while JJ
can sit here and watch it from this
angle get it because man yourself
technology you can watch from all angles
I don't know why I'd be watching TV with
JJ my room just sat beside anyway but
the point stands anyways I'm gonna be
heading to the zoo as I said I don't
really know what I'm doing I'm staying
overnight there but yeah that's it thank
you LG again I'm gonna leave a link to
it in the description as I said but
she's gonna be watching Netflix for the
name you actually gave me know some
Netflix programs the one I've watched a
lot of the main ones I've watched
strange of things of what Richard Moore
yard yeah I need some more let me know
right Jeff in my last video I said if it
gets a hundred thousand like some go
vegetarian for a month
video gets a hundred thousand likes
that's a long time to go
this could be my final meal you've lost
me it's too late this is my final meal
okay so I am staying here tonight well
that's okay so I am at the London Zoo
staying overnight see around the area
but it's all right so that didn't really
go very well because I can't see
anything but we do get to wake up early
and then go out and like see everything
in the morning so I think we have to see
everything before open so I will have a
good floor I imagine a world without
penguins go I'll forgive you it's early
is now like 7:30 or something like that
I'm weird walking around 8 days but we
woke up the seventh day and I was gonna
pretend like this is the first clip yeah
there's an extra hour for drama
it's more for your picture bro why not
smile if your picture you look like a
 felt like something is about to
happen
penguins no I don't know as cheery the
penguin that rules rules what start with
Jeremy for his wife again
Ward's subject get a bit sensual this
imagine your chip and some of your mom's
gonna be that's my girlfriend doing that
you don't wonder hug chip gets this nice
teeth so good at this is a dragon if I
was an animal this is me they call me
Papa it's wrong abuse well I have two
main attacks but llama was read last
night I swear it's like
well here we see dr. Dolittle a yonder
he's way too proud somebody ever wrong
she statue and they were wrong she
statue bear with a man oh no wait it's
not why are you getting this close the
ones that copy what you say where their
knee has a square head that was close
hello mate
sorry sibs talk to me does this not make
you want to get in the pool I think that
was drowned
 one lying face down you sure all
right are you running it's taken hello
I told you I've got no games on
my phone what's wrong with you bullying
penguins right oh yeah by the way I'm
buying this American sweets is this the
British kid tries American candy so this
bloke yeah so we just have to eat some
Twinkies and then we're good you train
too let's say you
don't let him chained up
you know who you are
