that is right this is the best job I
have had of having a 190 okay the team
is at an 89 with a 97 chemistry I've
tried what I can so far but I think I
could make this a one ninety firstly
everything needs
order here let's try through all of this
water we got 19 we got an icy boys how
do I get 100 chem hopefully anchor no no
no why does nothing change we if I put
whanau to it there
yeah don't you go and unclick that
dislike button because I actually have a
119 I wouldn't have caught this video
190 without being on 190 alright and
just to prove it look done yeah oh my
God look at this team don't want name or
food tree there it doesn't really make a
difference see how much our name are now
I'm gonna try the draft and this is the
best chance I have of winning
what am i playing in the first round
please come on okay he's gone adab he's
only got 61 chem it's got a name are an
hour of messy too too many years I can't
lose this round please come on please
guys this is my best chance what the
hell what the how has he already gone
chance oh no no no no no no go losing I
am two minutes in and I'm losing think
about that with a 190 how was this just
happen come on Messi come on I need to
go I need to go now
alright turn back turn back Messi turn
again turn again no take a such Apple
for my whip that in God keeps come up oh
we're in it right turn up
play all right for will think corner
whip it in again there is there is bang
go there we go pj back in this 10
minutes I'm turnin turnin lemon and take
a dodj for us there we go Suarez ball to
one Suarez seconds are gone oh no no no
no no no no finish that oh no no no I go
in the way of that oh my god why can't I
can't play three of the back oh that's
the only problem with this team
no no no no this is 45th minute Mexico
Oh
there's a half time in store why can't I
defend I mean I don't even deserve to be
winning I can't I can't I can't no no
pigs a go look at cycle like a tackle
tackle it get rid get rid of that get
rid all right we got rid of it oh no no
no no no no I made a tackle yeah what
are you serious
I called him and he still just put that
in guys I'm losing in the first round
screw it we've gone for the past we've
got the past these areas are marked it
what is that for a touch do any s-stop
when do you do touches like that and one
part in positive takes us towards Suarez
girls yes this is freaking roller
coaster right now do not lame score
straight from kickoff no no no no don't
do it
Kittridge get rid get rid - we go here
we go lads here we go
think such good blooded a buster second
time third time whatever just put him at
goal oh he loves his little wing plane
delete no no no no no no poor get rid
Gary Gary Gary Gerould
good save hornbill this is your time
bill that's your time there we go you've
done very very well become messy party
across sick such finesse no I just shoot
gamma see god Horus Horus
oh my total would just happen but if tha
whistle I'm gonna go this is only the
first round this is his last chance no
no no get some outlet get someone out
there no no no no no he's actually he's
come for it it's going to the pot no no
no no don't jump in jump in keep it up
and bang end the game please that's it
we've done it we made it through the
first round all of that for the first
round oh well we need three more now and
here we go again into the second game
what do we have an 8 8 wow we have a
chance right let's try this again let's
try and do a little better than we did
last time and not have to worry in the
89th minute MMR Nimr dibala knows quite
good in go as knee high he's left the
spaces left the space gone gone belt bet
oh I'm bear left foot
oh no this is what I was worried about
with my defense gone he's gonna pass it
in he's got a plus in get rid give it
oh come on run come on brown who's that
who's that keeping up with you play what
okay you know what
go out without better member Oh touch
bug thumping it worked right one nil
come on uh-huh knows a mezzo mezz oh
that's a great ball with paws back then
guys this ain't good this is not good at
all
I've got go play online is he gonna roll
it he is he is he's rolling it chase it
down great saving es stuck on my bail
this is our best shot
the no charge why does Suarez that's
another pass back merci merci merci
oh good ah to nil right one or two more
and he might quit and now it is on a
little run he's on a run he's on a run
what's he gonna know what I'm he's done
and then yeah yeah boom Ronaldo
just bran from the wing you done well
you done well done well you haven't done
well I don't know what I'm doing anymore
heart time it's deserved
near Milan amar be my neighbor yes there
we go for Neil is that gonna be the girl
that makes them quit it's not but it
might make him stop play okay hey Scott
play is he stopped playing no he hasn't
can he finish it now he can that's five
surely you're quitting what about 6:00
what about 6:00 huh what is that for a
finish hammers come on six Neil quit oh
no oh no oh no he's got one back and I
been what okay what happened I blew the
whistle okay do you see that there it is
two wins two more I feel like this is
gonna be the game this is gonna be the
one n18 he's got 187 is very good 187 ah
this was not gonna be fun messy messy
messy oh I got that last little tackling
right so this guy loves pushing forward
onto the man look ready look he doesn't
he doesn't how to deal with that though
does he
oh how he just has to
players in defense come on Suarez where
is my team where's the t plus it part
it's what wait wait wait Renato brother
bang just for another one Neil oh here
we go here we go here we go this is
where my defense comes into it my
defense are putting in a shift
nice goalie nice that's nice right get
go go plus it lets it go run no no no no
right turn in and then turn back up i 5
got passed in white what why is this
happening why is this happening why why
no no no no no no no no no okay good
good good
okay go on hummus hummus you know what I
look all good at first Suarez Suarez bug
it ah finish it
that's a foul he's fouled me somehow
somewhere there it is hard time and I
could have scored there one neil is not
ideal I know he hasn't had many shots
but I do feel pressured to stop that Oh
Oh my midfield don't exist
this is gonna be a very very tense game
oh please don't do this please phone
school please no school please let's
call that Oh
oh here we go here we go come back Oh
what's a safe Oh who's texting me I
don't want text right now please get rid
of this nice nice nice nice nice nice
whoever texted me I'm sorry
come on it's the 85th minute Messi you
know what you know what
see we're just gonna go for a crossbar
get rid this is it this is it this is it
great punch and now we need to close it
up okay go Renato go no no go Renato go
go finish it flush it
90th minute can you defend defend defend
defend Rock the bus can you know DeLillo
right there you go
ah there we go we're into the final legs
now who texts me no I was deserve but my
heart right now
one more win that's it one more here we
go lads again into the most important
game of your lives
what's he got for me what's he got
what's the final gonna hold an 85 that's
a good squad all right let's go guys
let's cut big tackle nice and I start
it's a great start ref take me alone
it's an early chance we're just gonna go
for a little booty boot in there and
then win the head up ah
good effort Suarez oh no oh no oh no oh
no oh no no no no no I don't know what
I'm doing I don't know where that just
came from
no I meant to use the wings why are you
using the wings come on Neymar come on
come on
right turn him and Modesto take corner
he's just born out of one fucka Barney
as he to standard behavior in the draft
or nippers then the esta finish that
boys keepers tripped me up his keeper
just tripped me up oh dear oh dear stop
that keepo please stop that stop that
that's nice
how was he done that how was he done how
was he getting these chances get rid of
theirs come on Missy Missy Missy turn in
breast bank go
one old he tried is what you see that he
jumps in for a lot of tackles this guy I
really think I can expose that come on
he thinks I'm gonna keep you things I'm
gonna cut in which I aren't bail bail
bail bail bail bail bail bail yes to one
regardless come on lads I know he had to
make a mistake for me to score that one
but that was a bad mistake for me going
lino
Corley no finish that finish this was
finish I need one more goal and then
I'll feel a little bit more comfortable
oh dear he's got another goal back to
all his attack is really really good
which I worry about because he has
freaking Ronaldo oh no no no no
no no no no no no can we go Gary Gerould
that's it halftime and it's 200 in the
final he doesn't deserve this
let's see if we can just make the second
half half
Leonel Messi Leonel Messi knows I'm
gonna have to pass across please stop I
wouldn't stop that one no bucket Oh
whole week so unlucky and I feel bad but
I don't just need another goal one more
goal come on please please please please
please
I keeps going to the same price how is
this good there how was that good in oh
all scifi side by side please please go
go go why have you not just shot oh no
no no no if he goes near post it's a go
how was he kidding off I don't get
he doesn't deserve to be winning this
and this is the final two my best job if
I'm in a wild ads of a Zagat ultra
attacking which means I'm gonna concede
again but I have no choice why is my
keeper there come on here we go here we
go here we go here we go here we go here
we go here we go you know what Suarez
schools that's one get one more ah this
is playing for we've literally passing
it around the back this is it last
chance last chance last chance
go play pause it what is that that's it
that's game over and it's just slight
lacking as well this guy fight this
game oh my lost for this guys but that
is how angry I am right now in the final
what's the point of doing all that for
those Pat's
two of these packs and I'm gonna get Oh
brilliant
I get Perrin and then just as a second
pack I have a LaBrea on the front and I
get oh my god
I got ciggarete that's all for today I
can't believe it I mean I'm happy I got
a 190 and everything but I lost in the
final and not even convincingly thank
you guys for watching and see you
about my back is even get through the
library work Simon
