what's up guys welcome to the Quickfire
quiz I have a few people but the like
right now with water balloons Toby and
Cowell if I get a question wrong or I
hesitate they're gonna throw water
balloons at me so let's go are you
little bitch
standard apology about the wind I'm
sorry I'm not gonna go inside for this
am I
yeah exactly poverty three times 600
they start Mouse
captain widget oh oh no no it's another
like this eat your favorite color dick
about my bad is even get ready work
Simon yeah hold it
you're trying your hardest
I'm so way to the other shit I don't
anyone Kendall about how did you even
say like stalking the time you guys hey
I need to go the answers they walk yeah
I mean hey doodles ammonia
yeah the planet one know so stop planet
it was Larry by very easy matter just
say your line ah planet this bruiser Oh
yeah it's a bonus things the magazine
I'm good now right next question do
another question gave me the NBA I'm
going to tell you this right it was the
rest our hands take us a very quick
you'll see going through the hesitation
that's yeah oh yeah this Christmas got a
little quick hi it's not even questions
anymore I just go over being an asshole
don't swear
I saved yeah
remember your back my name's will then
yeah a little name I don't know
how many probes do I have - OH which is
your favorite jet come on man oh god
yeah happens cut through the baseball
pitch you run it raise money woke up oh
look it's in 2012
oh no Jenny 2020 locked up that was
hello 2012 welcome how many countries
are open ha ha ha morning oh shit I
gotta do this mentoring topic but you
make that bigger this is an action
education what color - blue - my hand
pink will you love your x-ray right you
see that never change
ok bye Belle fille
what's your booty video in touch this is
extreme is about me the Waterloo - you
video hey judge know who's the one
person in the side man who has had a gay
experience even know ah Harry who's it
the lawyer what what he'll be all you
want you wanna gate oh really
it's about time Oh what are you spending
to play with okay
haha
that's right anybody who is sitting for
the video right now also what's a
haystack you're eventually right a
million dollar changes you can't eat
candy
no it's same doctor what are they drew
and then they are tickling it actually
lady said that on the table right now
you don't need to know
that's the video and it's not let's sit
in there young niggas uh-oh
right so that's all put a quick buy quiz
there you guys watch it whoa hey check
it one I in the discussion oh thank you
thank you thank you
come on you have to score that this is
my last chance last chance of the game
run turn back up and then buff it in no
one's there no one got a clue right
Sagna sad your left foot doesn't have
one of those he's only got saggy knees
bloody fantastic isn't it there's one
look how disgusting this hill type is
Louise do it look at him you are
disgusting
