what's up guys and welcome to a draft
punishment challenge against Jessie you
can now see on screen hi Jessie hi
everybody
if you guys don't know how this works
basically me and Jessie you're gonna
have four minutes to build a draft and
that is just including getting the
players we're then going to have less
than a minute to put the players in the
right positions and we have to try and
get the highest chemistry and rating
possible whoever gets the highest
combined score will not have to do a
punishment the person who gets the
lowest will already done one on Jessie's
channel which you can check out in the
description that punishment was the
mouth volcano challenge that doesn't
really explain what it is basically
baking soda and vinegar in your mouth
that creates like a mini volcano this
video the punishment is going to be the
cinnamon challenge while doing the ice
bucket challenge which is miserable
binding to its Julie is just good money
- are you ready for this I am ready I'm
ready to beat the shit out of you in
this challenge three two one go
okay I'm going information come on loads
right what's the all pocket formation in
three four three flats
oh me too oh okay actually interesting
then could MIT also know in the legend a
knight if I love G loud drop I'm gonna
die you know what we're gonna take him
it's a safety net
I understand City now I get 87 Bell
striker I usually don't see that striker
Bell that's not bad at all
looks like a puffle Ronaldo oh nothing
here works though yeah that's not good
that's weird I guess we'll just duty
Maria see I'm a but you're the bitch
dude I forgot you're the bench dude I'm
the bench don't pinch dude um oh I hear
that might I'm gonna hope that at one
point Oh Robin would be sick but I'm
gonna hope at one point that I get
somebody else on for ESCO right man I'm
gonna hope the BBVA thing works out or
I'll move them around actually a lot of
times I get parler food tray it's bad
did you get I haven't to actually I
think he's just like in the drop big
time this month or something I don't
understand it
he hangs up so much and I don't want to
use in that much let me move these guys
around that's plus seven chemistry there
okay I'm getting really poor like
they're not supposed to be in these
they're in the wrong leads pretty much
I'm gonna do you because you're gonna
help my dude out 76 rated though that's
pretty crap thank you Oh already had a
minute 20
okay hold it I think the next when he's
already gone I'm already done though I'm
done with most the team so I'm like
happy but what is I I'm not at all okay
I'm gonna grab young here because I
don't know why I don't know why can go
there's no point in him like a hostage
this one right come on
give me give me like I'm not I'm not I'm
not doing well I'm grab company I'm not
either it's starting to come together a
little bit more poorly than it was
before
it's actually really bad Oh PK okay I'm
just taking I'm taking the Liga BBVA
players right now and hosting oh no I
can do ice rain and maybe an ice cream
somewhere come on let's grab them well I
got silver right go could you go this is
bad they didn't give me a BBVA Keepers
Simon 100 me one either
wait now I've got this chart this chart
keep up good you know a significant
addition back
Oh actually what I'm good like I didn't
get BBVA keeper oh wait this doesn't
help anything why am I even changing
this around open I could put him here oh
my god 91 can we going on right there
right back in the right mid what game
was lucky but no you know what honestly
I'm not getting anything right now mine
lacks you sometimes so it could it could
definitely be a problem for you this has
gone absolutely told ya this is really
bad to be honest this is really badly
really bad my chemistry is like abysmal
it's really really bad can I'm gonna put
right there oh you know what you know
what oh you hear him do I have any other
sort of miss anybody him no I'm a
sweetie just a cake and then see what oh
that is a word no what am i doing you
know what actually to grab the players
let me just grab the players first yeah
I know that's what I'm thinking you've
got a minute left of it oh god I don't
even know if I can get to the draft in a
minute hold on let me grab whoever can
okay
it's like no why are you gonna grab him
God dang it I keep doing come on guys
come on anymore okay
come on okay my game is like it come on
my goods liked Oh center back right
there
I'll take actual game uh games smart
games liked where seconds local we're
back we're back
okay okay okay five seconds left wait a
minute I'm doing this is actually I
might end up doing this job because
right now it's just going really fucking
bad it's really bad I wouldn't be too
sure about that like my chemistry is
pretty horrific right now I can't even
get under Kim why I'm sliding to what do
I do
well have you got your team back no no I
got my legs but what my main team is but
right now the bench is like lagging I
can't even go look cover them all right
my team is done are you gonna get the
manager as well remember I'm frozen my
screens frozen so I can't even draft
anybody yet what do I do this consider
here for like 20 seconds it went off of
my screen so that was it this is what
happens whenever you have EA and they
don't care about their game okay I'll
let you choose them because it is the
ice phone yes I did not get a chance to
do anything with that
um I don't even know who to choose for
these anyway because I'm all over the
place because it just was too much for
me to handle so I'm just gonna go ahead
and choose whoever
oh my god please give me 19 I'm messy
you know you want to do that 99 messy
now I don't think I got a single Team of
the Year you know yeah I don't think I
did either now that I look at it so now
we both have our squads we have one
minute to rearrange the team to get as
much rating and chemistry as possible
that sounds horrible
okay oh are you ready I am ready I'm
gonna start my minute tell me whether
three two one go okay okay we have one
minute to change the cell all right
what's they do to make this any better
yes okay okay what else do we have but
what if we move these guys no that isn't
work cinnamon I need a different one
could I get one here okay okay they're
nicely for you it's coming together
pretty nicely
yeah want that I don't want that okay um
I needed these people to move over oh is
that the time that is the minute that's
the time okay okay oh I don't think it
came together that nicely did you manage
to get a 90 rated team now did you I did
not 87 now neither did I oh yeah 86 yes
I did get 86 so did I did you manage to
get a hundred chemistry no no did you I
did no oh thank god okay my chemistry
was start the heartbeat alright and did
they in Simon thank you right okay my
chemistry was 97 no mine was in 95
God lies all for the first of these
drafts punishment challenges that make
sure you check out Jesse's video in the
description and while you're also there
check out our Channel and subscribe way
over there thank you guys for watching
that you just see for plan yeah see ya
Mike alright so Simon is the biggest d
head ever cinnamon and I spoke at the
same time to try and get it it's cold
outside it's all outside
that I remember on EastEnders old well
it's a tough climb but they know that
corporal you think oh no four five six
Oh
