Joe ghazal scared and welcome back to
another the very best that's really give
another thought when I say it anyways
today I'm gonna do something that you
have all asked for so many times this is
finally gonna shut all of you up because
once I do this you can't say anything
again all the comments have been telling
me to do this and now I'm going to do it
he's gone okay well I become it's all
about the stupid chocolate bunny anyways
where were we last time we were Division
two and I vowed not to lose the game if
I remember correctly so we have two
games today
if I win two games today out too we are
safe then hopefully next episode we get
promoted and that's the end of the
dition two again picks then again the
French team is up first
let's do this alright let's go guys as
Goten possession that's what we want all
right
get out my way Oh God Wow Wow okay I was
a guaranteed cold but never mind
get him get him block cake and and block
vamper come on block block BAM what are
you what are you freaking serious Oh God
oh my god personally what the hell just
happened secondly what the hell just
happened
give me the frickin balls please ha how
how was it over me that no no no no I
know you're turning back what okay thank
you finally I am in go go go play em in
turn back and then prove it again no
let's do what okay it worked
oh my days please this has to be a goal
you know what I'm not pass they're not
passed out
well no no we should uh past it and now
into a chart straight for me with
laryngoscopy he put my nipples don't you
what was that I'm losing to this there
you go there you God bangs it Nick what
is this shooting and now he's pausing it
like it this day get any worse it's out
of date don't do this don't score from
day
good oh this guy is a horrible why is he
shooting from there how do I get past is
like hundred defenders like look how
many of them there are all my days how
does this lemon gusty do this to me how
did that work
I am shitting on this guy okay he's got
more than eleven people on the pitch
right now that's halftime I'm losing to
here for this before you look at those
stats and think Simon he's just drawing
you look where his shots are from this
dude is shooting anytime he gets the
ball maybe I should start doing the same
cuz clearly it's working for him
Oh see look right that was a foul how
was that not fouling I gave away a
penalty cake gone turning turning whoa
George breath okay that's what we got
want that that little weaving touch
ready this one and what there's one one
more kids because he said what I didn't
care that he didn't score the fatter you
did that was outrageous
No Oh get rid get good why am i Belarus
missing the ball I have 25 minutes left
that's very cool very very cool very
cool very handsome their hair sounds
very nice very swag come on Greece mode
come on big touch big touch come on all
right you know some roll it roll it
that's how we do gone blown it no why
don't I just shoot where you know wallet
I'm actually just gonna have to go ultra
attacking for now and hope that I can
get something come on ton of our where
we go this is the final nail in the
coffin what shoots from ridiculous like
you know what I'm going all out attack
victory get rid get rid now he scores
the corner what more bullshit can I ask
for
thank you thank you thank you come on
you have to score that this is my last
chance last chance of the game run turn
back up and then pop it in no one's
there no one got a clipping all right
Sonia sad your left foot doesn't have
one of those he's only got saggy knees
bloody fantastic isn't it there's one
look how disgusting this hill Titan
Louise do it look at him you are
disgusting you are a vile human being
and I've just lost us that I wouldn't
lose just please do better where you got
me where you got what you got
wow that's just a better version of my
team not me John I'm not you want to not
make make it's not love when it starts
like that get rid of that get rid hot
come out why does my keeper keep coming
out for it I am not pressing why as this
is a sad sad day oh my god George best
no cross it cross it no what no one's
there again no not in the area not in
the area not in the area not in the area
what did I say I said to a lot his I'm
game destroyed I'm actually being pooed
on again what's happening this Steiner
feel like Pez from like 2001 where you
actually had morale I can't lose two
games in an episode that's just too much
especially in Division two
that's too many twos oh my god really
really no he's gonna win the header his
knee
they always what what what and there's a
third goal for him yeah go damn it
all I can tell you is
I'm not happy with Lukaku he is not
doing me any favors
honestly I'm being destroyed there's
nothing more to say about it apart from
that man
frickin tastic get RIT oh my oh my god I
know none of you are going to believe me
here but my team is absolute waste yes I
am playing bad but so are they nothing
like that this pass just gets through
everything that how does he score if he
does that all right go on God pull em up
no we didn't pass it there we did that's
a foul
doesn't read I may have a chance just to
top it off what should we not score this
goal ready top left I've gone watching
save it as a second alright well there's
one George best come on where's your
place where's your place where's your
place what are you what just happened
right what George there's one there's
one done Lukaku you are huge
why just people come out of everything
and there's another god no we're taking
that tick tick
what is that for a pass oh my god Oh
okay we've lost
just sums up the game with it there it
is
two losses today - lots of us what I
wouldn't lose this division mm days
where you just can't pass a ball
properly
yeah well both me and the players had
one of those well that completely fucked
up the whole plan of getting straight
into Division one again we need four
wins or three wins and two draws to get
promotion based on that performance
knock it out let me know what you want
to see thank you guys for watching and
see that I remember our defenders on
well it's a tough climb but they don't
work or perform you think oh no four
five six
Oh
