I'm outside
that's why I'm doing the 4-minute drop I
saw how frizzy do this the other day
don't know where he saw it but now I'm
doing it Yana outers works basically is
a draft I have four minutes from the
second I click go
once those four minutes up I cannot
change anything so bring up the timer
bat three two one go okay I got it four
minutes here we go grab we're gonna
choose we're gonna go for a 4-3-3 defend
I feel like I build these pretty quick
anyway boom we know what we go with a
team of the frickin year Messi I can't
speak I don't know why I'm doing one
more after rush because I can barely
speak it is nice little cards there all
right look wait no I need to go to the
bench swallow we go for one night you
boys no we're not we know we're not
we're not that's stupid we're going into
the reserves let's see what we can get
down here come on goose um we'll take a
high rate in hope cloud do we need 90
rated golden this is going swimmingly
right now it means someone else
okay your nigga biggie I will take you
in case just because you know we don't
know what else we're gonna get I am
building this rapidly right now right
liga BBVA not that much lower rated so i
may as well take him just in case don't
know if that makes any sense but someone
told me there is Skrill as I'm doing it
I've done it I know I know I could have
taken another chance to do that but ah
right-center mid who are we getting bang
no one good bruno is you're right seems
right we got a minute and a half how was
it good this quick I've been going so
rapidly right to reactor there we go and
this one boom give me some good trash
Horace or guess alright Dani others give
it oh okay right
this team is looking looking all right I
mean take Mascherano and then hope we
can get someone in the bench Oh a pepper
or a PK I like I like Pepe but we're
gonna go for a PK see we're on at 83 and
a 90 right now this this squad is
looking decent okay daya there we go
we've got just less than two minutes we
got just over half our time and we
didn't get a good goalkeeper that's
that's really not good what do we have
Spanish and Argentinian Tim Howard will
take it alright we have to get a good
goalie now minute a half left right fine
are you serious are you snuff them no
one dies were screwed I'm gonna take him
just this is the highest rated but we're
screwed we have a hundred Kevin in the
team but how is this happen why am I not
getting anyone good now through I only
have a minute left I need to get these
players quick go go go go go go go we'll
take you bazinga right all five players
left I didn't really see and
Gaitan we're just taking the
highest-rated right now we've got a 186
like this that is pretty mad all right
52 seconds we're gonna take we're gonna
take an nes that I know the others are
all very good but Iniesta come on right
Jim or to my I got 40 seconds and I
can't change Hey right okay bail last
guard last cut go go go go go go go go
go all right we don't care
I should we do Griezmann I can't take
anything off this so in a yes star come
in for him and then you go out for him
oh that's not good that's not good
that's not good that's not good does
that build that doesn't change anything
no no no no no no no no no I'm about
it's about to run out
put out oh I forgot about Ronaldo lunin
but you know what you know what I think
Hulk on here and climbs done lads I had
a one eight six I know I've only got a
one eight one right now but that's
freakin sick for a four minute squad to
get a one eight eight now we got a
manager and then we go straight into the
tournament of gold Molina boom look over
a 1 8 18 now we do the draft and
hopefully a decent team I actually have
a chance I was a 4-minute squad got a
face sir 187 it's not as good still very
good I'm worried about my goalkeeper
though let's see what a team could do I
got a bale and a renowned o2 bring on so
you know it's not the end of the world
if something bad happens don't know what
it is for this team just feels slow like
really sluggish one take such Bruno no
know that touch from Marcelo he's not
marking it again come on
Oh big tackle make a tackle make a
tackle mega tackle he's putting the
pressure on there gets a go with my team
nuts okay alright we've made it out of
this alive how we take go go i I think
it's time it's definitely time bruno
just feels a bit slow Ronaldo you're on
and you know what I do is I don't really
know who is but fail you're a bit better
seriously man why don't your players
your players aren't stepping up at all
you are very very good like line of
defense right growing it again
you know what oh there we go there we
got big one across into the facts
straight inches oh we have a great
chance we have a freaking great shot
Neymar bang that's the first time the
ball has gone off since I made this up
oh he's good straight from kickoff
straight from kickoff look look how that
what yep what
oh my okay I don't even got charts just
bail bail bail
what is that for a pass I said you're
better than odorous and you do that oh
no oh no oh no oh no oh whoa it is the
one comic Missy ideas that get that back
get it back get it back chuckling
chuckling oh you just missed a ball ah
he loves his wings just like oh no no no
no win it
no let bed net vet Ned Ned ah done the
tactic he's done then no roofie a nice
one
come on big old run big old run oh nice
nice nice plus it one more look that's
not oh good how how is it gonna okay you
know what you know what you know what
that's gonna be an amazing volley that
went in top corner instead we have
halftime pretty dull game so far always
bought on big boy hope you think a green
giant can stop me Guam messy gramercy
you know what new post
bang - Neil I told you no green monsters
gonna stop me
trying to play a bit slower now but it's
not working and the fact I'm too near
luck doesn't really help his cause yes
male but but I can't go go right over
the top what is that bail oh no Missy
what have I done what am i not just
getting with it
okay bails on the little run bails on a
run good talk live again our bail keeps
getting these lucky bounces for me and
it's working really really well yes nice
nice nice nice nice nice go past posit
what is right but ah I'm very very
worried right now
what's he gonna do lino messy I jump
what that's fine hi this is his last
chance if he wants to have a chance in
this game he needs to score right now
well right then I'm gonna go for it's a
93rd minute we may as well just go
Leonel Messi bangs it old us bad and
there it is first round
done three more wins and the second team
to face oh okay 186 I mean there now
does nice look and see what you can do
with it hold up hold up hold up okay it
seems he knows how to use them a little
bit come on we need a goal early on wait
actually
I'm oh wait hang on nice take out me no
no no I should have scored there that
should have been a goal you know what
it's it's 12 minutes in that's enough
time okay run run you're gonna be on my
team
I literally just fought you on you know
I can't defend crosses either apparently
the Ronaldo and Bale combination for him
and now I have them legit like I can
plate nice football no no no no no I
can't score on there you go look at this
football NES star there we go one oh
that's a proper like nice footballer
I can't attack a bank babe I am bang I'm
Bank B touch right Bale need a touch and
for this
no why didn't I blast that cross what
what oh my what what it right good bang
scooped up and Oh piss off keeper keeper
keeper no no no no none nice save nice
save no chemistry but he's still good
this baby will keep getting ahead of all
my flip food
slobbing in it keeps hitting the side
netting and it looks like it simply no
messy me no messy right nice nice nice
go there you go Oh God we just ran into
a school in our name are with the pace
yeah yeah yeah yeah yep puzzle back and
take a touch finesse go there we go
three one i mama destroy this guy now
Latinos I'm gonna cut in but when he
doesn't know okay and then we go down
the line finesse and there's a fourth
how many is it gonna take for me to make
you quick let me bail don't let don't
know get closer don't name get crossing
door I said door bath time for one not
even destruction this is kind of
embarrassing right how many goals do we
think it's gonna take to make him quit
put your bets in the chat now that makes
it sound like I'm streaming oh no oh no
no no no no no bail
yes there we go there you go oh yes bail
water finish the Reynaldo bail
combination 5 1 5 1 then we'll put 5 1
in the chat I don't know where the chat
is but if you did you're right two more
wins Game three he has
Oh a couple red links there he's got a
good bench you know it right let's see
what I'm sure we'll find out pretty damn
quick if he does saying that I have a
very very strong bench as well you know
what there we go
Bank o QE guy is already paused it you
know what we'll do it as well you're
gonna bring on people I'm gonna bring on
people all right is for another one and
a fail and I should really pay attention
okay that's it
please put put on those two players so
hi Lea no messing with the base I'll and
ofin o tok racket is little me in the
way please don't be good at free kicks
please let me get it free kit no no no
no no no no no no no no no no that's it
Oh get rid get rid no that's not that's
not getting rid that's not getting real
either that's it that's why might why am
I not getting rid of it I refuse to just
clear it for some reason lad this is
gonna be a close game you know at wait
no you don't need to just learn to
defend crosses don't I moving it in
there go for it go for it head across in
it but wait had it had it whenever we've
had a bang ah with shots on targets
that's been games to know why we do
messy messy boss add no I just a mom I'm
sorry for being so sweaty okay but this
is the semi-final you guys always
complain that lose but I need that goal
sorry he can't just not do anything you
know I need him to be on the flight the
front foot so I can defend and then
attack not speaking English right now I
mean sometimes it's not the best thing
in life but that's why now it's one when
it doesn't make a difference
come on run come on run you know what
you know what we actually have a chance
we're all risky business right this time
we're just boon in keep it talked about
look come out why I picked us and then
guy up okay that's us that's gonna be at
halftime oh I don't know how else I'm
gonna score I know I've had more shots
than him but I don't feel like I could
have scored any of them
genius BAE oh boy oh my god that's
loading on it to nothing I don't even
made this through cuz he slipped then
spray with a little shimmy all my days
go go go bail bail bail know how has he
stopped or no no bail you just missed
the ball how could you do that little
shitty and then do that no are you why
the one time I'm actually winning in a
semi-final and that happens and I'm
straight back on and now I get my packs
and look at that honestly I'm sorry
okay I know you're all gonna be like oh
I never thought Joe Simon didn't win but
I was on my way to the final and then
that happens does anyone want to explain
why no I didn't think so
let me know what foot jobs you want me
to do in the comments below thanks for
watching and seal it is the 87th minute
running running running
when it no I didn't I just didn't do
anything
I froze I've choked this is the big
moment big moment give it
oh what a challenge done game truly
truly no no let's know what I did I
passed up the gorge leg shackles big
speckle make a tackle make a tackle make
a tackle get rid forgive
