what the I thought I was doing a draft
oh wait I am okay I'm doing the same
joke drops way in fifa15 though they
were a little bit different basically
you can go on a position on any
formation and press lb it brings up six
players up five six then you can buy
these players put them in position go to
the next we'll do the same thing now my
challenge I have seen Anacin Cuba and
JMX students and they've got a very very
good store 188 I've seen brief and
Tobias do this and they have got a very
good score as well of 187 now I'm here
on my own
they used Messi and Team of the Year
Dima real I'm gonna give myself a little
bit more of a challenge and give myself
team of the season Bharati I don't know
if it's team as seasonal Timothy I'm
sorry do I have to beat the 188 so for
example if I now go left mid and press
lb bang I have that as my choice luckily
I'm not choosing a position first okay
so the formation we're gonna go with is
three two one stop
a five to two okay
that's a good one I let's start with our
striker the striker we are going to use
is Oh
breath wait links I guess ok we need to
get help I've got him I've got him
that's not a good start though is it I
mean ok I've got I've got chemistry I've
got 19 chemistry we need to get 100 chem
and build-up are we gonna get left-wing
we need what do we need love XE Lavezzi
will do oh oh there is by solo rated any
of these who do I want to get wanna go
down the BPL group or them ah he's sorry
low rated where you fits has it all
events he has it all about the other
door Lavezzi Isetta Lavezzi so we're
gonna take an in-form Lavezzi I mean the
chemistry's there and the team's already
looking decent ah cuz I'm such a high
rating though I'm gonna struggle with
this raying okay under center mid we're
going for the doubt oh no I'm actually
gonna have to buy mark SEO I go with the
Dow but marquise is Italian is like a
good link I mean we managed to get two
leagues in already but our ratings
looking pretty darn ow alright so this
one has to be the legal or Syria
your other leagues are just
noises hi here we go new we get all red
none of those I guess if we're doing
that we may as well go for the highest
rated so we're going for a Carlos Bayer
I'm liking the left side more let's work
our way down here warm again left wing
back we all as feet but no that doesn't
work
I've got an Argentinian in an Italian
and in none of those leagues I know I
should take him but I'm gonna go ever up
pure lead so that I can get like in your
Ventus defense I mean if I can get like
a cheerleading and then a buzz a Glee
that's perfect I'm kind of banking on a
lot right now right here we go no you
know legends the way that they used to
when your legs don't work
he's Italian he's oh I cannot wait he's
the sort he doesn't link like a normal
legend in figure 16 a biker put in there
and back now achiely neora bars a glee
and I'm sorted come on bars acne or
chilly okay that's French League I guess
I have to go with him just in case okay
I didn't think this through
he doesn't even link with Rossi ah what
am i doing alright come on
cheerleader your balls a Glee give me
one of them none of them is a bowel
screw I might as well go dies rate as I
said well my rating of 61 is going well
and the chemistry is definitely yeah
hi this has to be someone in Syria or
Liga BBVA or ppl if I get all bronzes I
may have to just end it okay I'll do
take him and a hope that we can now get
someone right wing in the BPL and then
there that's like salvaging something
not sure I could be on a date right now
big moment here we get a mini late oh oh
we take him if I take him I have to get
Cheerilee knee but mini late by rating
would risk it we're risking it okay now
if I can get Cheerilee knee there I am
set on this side and I just need a right
wing or the BPL that it's Italian that
thing so we need a cheerleading how
unlikely is it I'm gonna be a
cheerleader though
hello Eriksson it could be a cheeky
little pie linking with Brathwaite okay
you know just in case I do get a BPL
right-wing and then I've got that link I
the ratings going up what we going next
come up Oh Oh God
so I still need a cheerleader or like a
booth one that would be a hoof on would
be pretty sick nothing oh we going for
just go for rating at the moment oh come
on oh now I only took long enough to
take Balotelli I know you're all gonna
shout at me right now I have to take
Balotelli told ya I know where is
amazing the legends don't link like they
do a fever sixteen if I take away our he
wouldn't link with anyone so I really
need a right wing and a centre back well
we can walk again show me the money show
me the money
ah I'm not gonna get on drew camera my
oh what is that what is this the highest
rate one I think my rate he's up to
eighty but I need chemistry I need a
right winner please no highest rated as
I said eighty three rating right now I
just need a right-winger please or I'll
lose the right Mitch Oh a left forward
what and after done I should have taken
Lukaku oh I really want to change it to
left winger and then he might be alright
come on
what is this highest card DeMaria I'm
wasting all of these coins and I'm not
getting anything I still need a right
winger but I could play hazard that I
still need a left wing back or a centre
back oh I'll start taking ppl center
back to maybe have to change it all up I
can't do this I can't win the only hope
I have of winning right now is if I get
Cheerilee knee and a right winger in the
BPL first one here we go drum roll
please thank you
right ah
and please that's the worst thing that
could happen I'm so screwed I don't even
know anymore what do I want anything the
left okay left back
Oh high rated though I'd have another
goalkeeper script Bane's play hazard
here
supera hazard even with the manage this
team is terrible
I was this happened somehow this is the
best team I can build 84-71 why am I so
bad at drops now you know what you know
what screw it we're going again you can
a virus our starting point formation is
three two one stop all right goes
straight into the goalie let's go what
we getting a Buffon that's not a Buffon
that's not a good start right we'll take
it to CS I guess I were working down the
left side first left back were you
giving me give me something good italic
that's not an Italian cover before we go
all right you know what let's do the
defenseless
I need like a ramus right now I need a
Spanish defender the Spanish defender
would be pub fare the nalddo though I'll
work out the logistics later right back
come on give me
what the for my men to do with this
Bundesliga come on Bundesliga so damn it
haha yes the boy I gave up my coins have
almost gone now I'm getting a little bit
worried i Bundesliga okay you know what
I'll take you now if I can literally
just get a Spanish centre back then this
is all perfect but that's a big if I was
relying on quite a few things last no no
you know what ratings I said it I said
we go for ratings just give me a BPO
left-winger BPL come on oh I can't no
Ike firstly I can't afford him secondly
he doesn't fit at all I said B Pyong I
have to take a silver David silver I
can't believe I've just done that I've
just turned down a team of the year
Bernardo what's even the season I don't
know well let's go the right wing we
need a Bundesliga player here we go
goodness Liga but Herman the German this
is the big one if we get a Bundesliga
Spanish striker donor if is one more a
German or Belgian striker the PPR been
taking right now no storage is in the
right league we'll take him for now and
hopefully we'll get one on the bench how
was my chemistry only 66 taken absolu in
case okay so that's like a backup so we
can put him in liquor with now though
just in case what we gonna get Oh a
Millar but German we may have to get him
instead I'd rather have the chemistry
because I struggled last part ok so this
is actually worked out very surely right
if I put this guy in here
this guy in here how is that only 85 cam
I need a German or Belgian striker I
need anything that striker to link with
at least three players of the
highest-rated two now we do her come on
no going well come on happy Martinez I
need happy Martinez no f√†bregas could
work perfect
he will take him and then I know he's
low rated but if we put him here surely
92 CEM 81 rate of 92 cable working our
way there boys this is already better
than the last one
what can we take here with you take a
pruning or butter cake not but take a
moment of truth here we go will what
wouldn't got to please it didn't go up
it didn't go up at all how can this
improve I don't even know if my ratings
gonna go up I'm just going to take the
highest players right now the hopefully
it will squeeze a high high rated player
we will take it I'm gonna wait and see
what will happen at the end whether we
can get something good or no it's of a
ditch so close as well I can I can
almost taste it you guys I'd only I am
able to do this I honestly don't know
all right
I mean we can't have to gamble on a high
rated player now the final card for
today
and the final card of this team is just
whoa let me see what I can do hit I
can't do anything I can't do anything
with this thing let me see if I can do
anything
Oh wonder eight six on a real this team
is freaking sick a lot Herman de Bruyne
aldo message then I have legend
Cannavaro and inform guts that and an
informed yo Acosta and yet it's a 186
not and more I can do I've literally
lost to both of them one of them were
187 one of them got 180 I'm here with a
186 so that is the retro FIFA 15 foot
draft you guys want to see anything
specific let me know in the comments
thank you guys watching and
see you okay here we go hey you know a
year ago yes okay oh that wasn't it
laughing the question you know fishing
okay
yes Oh name three flowers in League One
the nibble
oh my god like Ryan tonight the chef
Wexler okay that's too long so they get
all right yeah well your only name to is
a name
