what's up guys I'm welcome to the
five-second challenge I am here today
with the reigning champion Josh gets a
new challenger car reigning champion to
come to shit champion if you don't know
how this works basically I give them
each and turn a question where they have
to name three specific things in five
seconds then hit the button if they
don't do it they don't get a point if
they do obviously they do get point
you're gonna get 5e and then there will
be a second round where they teach
coming up here but hold on sir I'm new
to this you see welcome with potato
rights is to decide who goes first
rock-paper-scissors all right can you
not very fun one two three show watching
chat water you go to three or four Jean
chain water
Robert Scissors goes there Jennifer
finger evil you go Ching Chang wanna see
me show you what cheating check is
already slightly racist all right I said
Josh what is your noise gonna be um you
had a date in all right Kai's your noise
gonna be the same time why regular
solidly cow you have three you have five
seconds to name three shoe brands then
like he alley - and Pema wait what is he
stopping you how many times goodbye name
three letters no fuck
mmmm we have five seconds to name three
countries beginning with a Algeria
Albania
fuck you mom cow yeah five seconds to
name three types of fish and mackerel
cotton had agree is good yeah here we go
we touch alligators crocodile
you have five seconds to name three
things you would find under a sofa
remote coins that wasn't really
welcoming
ah start shopping you have five seconds
to name three youtuber films oh oh oh
watch a change in America you have five
seconds to name three youtuber books
shit mum I love Ellen go online going to
Stefan okay yeah yeah for you
it's Power Ranger please crying get
ready
you have you have five seconds to name
three of Josh's videos oh my god
illuminate doesn't come out
Gigi episode 101 102 103 hey it's way
too late I was expecting packed out one
packed up to do better
my trainer one trainer - yeah and have
five seconds to name three of Cal's
videos
oh my mum are you a golfer at ease I'm a
shit youtuber why don't I was still way
off I wish you two became out like mrs.
backup days okay cow you have five
seconds to name three five seconds to
name three things that are white people
Bobby on the pole and snow all people
two people
no no people Josh you have three seconds
four main things are black five seconds
in fact three you have five seconds to
name three theme parks full part of
empower Drayton Manor okay you have five
seconds to name three things that are
red in this room oh the coke bottle
thing device and my period
you're just inside can you anybody else
can you show you we gonna show us your
period no and it's red because I'm
hearing you have five seconds to name
three American presidents don't try no
Kennedy and George Bush when this video
comes out is the long trunk president if
we get a black cow when is all when this
video comes out we could be why did I do
so as I could have done fresh we don't
really know what this comes ha ha ha so
thus cause of this I know edited oh no
from it I think it's a draw but my Scott
we're going into the second round where
southern death you guys alright so this
is southern death you get to ask each
other no you get it wrong and then he
gets the right Cowan's another eyes
first
okay okay so what purposes see you guys
this change I'm not a king check water
she chairing water I'm first
okay here we go hey you're in a year ago
yes okay oh that wasn't it that wasn't a
question
no okay yes Oh name three clubs and
legal on the level oh my god
like line would you like the Shepherd
website okay that's true so they get all
right yeah well you're only name to is a
name one retarted ring OH
Richmond deep Willington oh I'm Richmond
a lot of tree my eyes oh so doing a lot
like Saturday I know the large net get
Wellington wasn't big trees in
California the southern are maybe okay
I mean I don't want to imagine long
distance and banana right has your
called calyx you have five seconds
same free animals you will see a
chihuahua a a curtain and the kind of
wave no chicken I don't know I can't
Guru the cane
I got pressured the curses oh sure why
is this game so hot see right so this
for the win here we go alright you have
five seconds my friend hmm - name three
cover artists
to fuck your mum's they were close and
that's why it so we need to watch really
oh-ho look like you but five seconds
okay so named free minecraft youtubers
fixed our Scottish micro wobble wibble
coal not lying about and it was just
after the time does not matter solid
yeah yeah five seconds to name can you
pick about them three origin
Benchley probably hackneyed bone these
little bar oh fuck yeah we got again if
you moments later
oh is a barabara
which was just again again the wind
hahahaha that means josh is still the
undefeated champion at the five second
challenge be sure to check out both
these kinds of descriptions were also
going to do videos on Cal's channel hey
guys so much it and see I'm worrying
about the fact that I haven't seen Luke
I could do anything right now
no wait what no you run away stop
running away run kid okay turn up oh my
god this is it this is it this is it go
pause it goes bang what's a safe break a
limb come on
ah this is where he's gonna score isn't
it turning god we know we all know
you're sitting in where's my place gun
toggle no that's a pen
why am I making that tackle they're
always gonna score
