yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to that's right I haven't done that in a
while
last time I asked you guys what I should
do about Lukaku whether I should replace
do me or whether I should place Remy top
comment was put in Rooney and Pogba that
I packed and as someone else pointed out
that that was on a different account
because obviously if I open packs on
this account I would have a lot of coins
or a lot of players and everything so it
would really make any sense after this I
looked through loads and loads of
comments and I realized that a lot of
people said get rid of dunya
so do Mia I'm very very sorry to say
this but looky who's replacing me now
last time we played we were winning like
three nil and the game that kicked us
out I then proceeded to draw the second
game which means I now have one game
left and I have to win if I want to stay
in Division one if I lose this game now
I'm really good and I'm honestly gonna
be heartbroken we're gonna try out the
BPL team and see if they can win me this
day oh please but a team I have to face
to stay in the division is the BBL team
with a Ramos frame I'm so nervous right
now I really really don't want to get
really good let's play cautious guys
just play calm and carefully calm and
carefully let's go Moreno Moreno Marin
it
Maronna closet right turn up sign out
George Oh George you have to score
enough to score there we go one nail up
in two minutes okay this is going well
so far
get rid get rid get roll that's a good
ball though the gubrious check come on
we need another goal okay this is
worrying now worrying where is my team
meteo no get him come on I need another
girl let's go where'd he go turning and
then turn back out go on go George get
ballin I can't cross come on if there's
a time school call it's now to save me
in the division
but whatnot but I didn't do that
okay I'm worrying about the fact that I
haven't seen Luke I could do anything
right now no wait what no you ran away
somebody wait good kid okay turn up oh
my god this is it this is it this is it
go--pause it goes bang what's a safe
break a limb come on ah this is where
he's gonna score isn't it turning gone
we all know you're sitting in where's my
blaze gun Tuggle no that's a pen why am
I making that tackle there Boyd's gonna
score and it's gonna be one old on top
everyone does that oh no oh no oh no oh
no no no he's all sides that was a 40 50
minutes on trial for abassin that's 100
percent goal whether he's upside or not
there's a half time and I'm drawing the
draw means nothing right now oh no no no
no what the I was that good in I'm too
young to get relegated see look my team
wait what's going on Oh No
No get rid oh I told him I just had no I
got okay I can do this oh my god go go
go go please is it okay go why am i
Blake look at GU do me a definitely
would have scored I have ten minutes
left and I'm losing by a goal and I have
to win not just draw I have to win so
pretty much I have to score this attack
right now if I want a chance and if
keeper he's got a free kick for it I
don't know what for I'm really getting
lads I'm actually getting relegated this
is my one hope gone George best but
that's it there's my task my chance
even that even that okay I've scored
there was that gold I noticed is
debuting that and there it is game over
and I'm freakin relegated I pulled off a
draw Oh more can't believe it I've
managed to pull out a drawer there and
yeah I've been really good why it's
hairy came the picture as well by the
way it looks so horrible now we're in
Division two I am vowing to not lose a
game in this division we own division
two we have gone down we are going
straight back up you that's a horrible
team come on guys let's just win this
game comfortably and get back into the
place we deserve to be oh and then turn
out again turn up run around him I've
been typing come on come on
this is it no go out with are you keep
it up come on come on pie that's a great
time for this double that's a blatant
amble how attacking is this guy playing
honestly this guy is playing so
attacking right now that surely surely I
could get shot cut what was that what
was that time time
to scorn this attack going who's up for
an grin is that bran huh and then
finesse and bang there we go
look how many players he freaking as
forward he must be online attacking
right now or something cuz there's no
way that you can be doing that holy cow
backery saggy knees is on a run saggy
knees come on right come back come back
all right and then turn turn back again
turn back and then get cross in take a
corner to court thank you yeah that's
what I wanted mark him up go and
Griezmann take a touch ad buy one it was
a good effort
oh no 45th minute 45th minute like a bum
off put him off just at the end Coleman
knows not to score against me or here
playing again I mean he's only had one
shot but that one shot was frickin good
right here we go second half I'm going
on a little run this time I don't
normally try this but it is the tactic
to do gone right no I went the wrong way
around Griezmann Griezmann Griezmann
what are the bull Rock the bull roll and
upshot okay very lucky I already go
about luck if I'm winning there we go
there we go one more and finish the game
there we go
three-nil come on Chi we are playing
some nice football right now that is not
a good pass though oh no oh no no no no
no no no no no no no no no we can't let
back into this economy let me get one or
he could get back oh come on boss it
couldn't possibly have but there we go
for Neil game done oh he's on these
Ollie's on pyah pyah come on do this
Ethan do everything ok seems like pi
doesn't like Ethan ok I don't think he's
playing he's not playing right now he's
not playing but I'm gonna score v
because you know like 5 goals is the max
coins I think boost some stats as well
ways a strange tactic he's doing like
not playing playing make him up
Matsui D oh my days
yeah he just ran through all things
course okay well I mean one go now isn't
that bad going good I got great legs I
think that's gonna be the end for it
round two right look oh oh okay I just
turn straight into one that's the end of
the game we've won the first game
Division two told you I'm not losing a
game in this divisions one wind down we
need G's we need another sixteen I have
another five thousand coins let me know
what you need to do with that whether
you want me to just save it up and play
more games and just you know finish this
division let me know in the comments top
corner with when I choose they guys
watching see what do i do what do i do
what do i do how can i mix this up
alright well this is a good start
downing off again there we go there we
go there we go elects it pen that's a
pet was in the area when it oh my god it
was it was almost go okay voice was just
please please please don't like don't
like now please so right you're a prick
oh my god no home
how am I losing I just had a penalty I
need to stop going top right okay come
on let's do this let's do this do the
take do dirty Alexis
