yo guys what's going on and welcome to
another foot draft today I am taking on
the Amiga draft now as it's very very
difficult to find people on amigo it's
gonna be you guys I'm currently filming
a draft right now I'm gonna be on amigo
we're using the the phrase mini Minter
and you guys are just gonna have to pick
a number between 1 and 5 I'm only gonna
be on for like 5 minutes so this snap
will be deleted after so you guys have
already seen what I've just posted
obviously so I'm gonna move over to here
not yeah actually because you know I
haven't set out but anyway I'm gonna be
on amigo and I'm gonna be talking to you
guys you're gonna pick a number between
1 and 5 and that's who I'm gonna have to
use by what number of my choosing one
two five or okay you've just chosen my
formation it's not a good one I don't
like you anymore I'm sorry yeah what's
up how you doing I'm good thank you you
are going to choose my captain so
between 1 and 5 you know what I'm happy
with that I'm happy with that good
choice hi how you doing there's so many
years kind of creepy but oh my god knows
I think yeah okay okay so I'm doing a
foot draft right now sure you can also
choose a position I don't really know
what I'm what I'm doing for that you
want striker sent mid then fax
centre-back goalkeeper will go striker
between 1 and 5 4 I'm not very happy ok
- it's too late now
I can tell by the accent I can tell by
the accent yeah well as nice to meet you
you're frozen no choose a number 3 you
have a 3 I'm happy with that
you got Suarez great hoodie actually you
know I just commented on your D know
what's up beam of it it's been about 5
minutes
I fought was gonna take like 10 hours I
am building a draft I am I'm gonna go
for a center mid you have to choose a
number between 1 and 5 and all I'm
telling you there's only one good player
out of these 5 so you better choose
choose well actually it's a good link
it's a good link you're gonna have to
pick a number between 1 and 5 for me
great not gonna lie to you it was a
silver player so I'm gonna give you
another chance so I'm gonna go for a
random bench player 3 1 & 3 1 5 - all
right
ya know choose a number between one and
five choosing some bad numbers out here
I'm just saying okay straight in with
the number okay one two three okay I
have four players yes one of your
friends is eating the microphone I would
choose four four is a bad choice
you are the penultimate person oh my god
exactly you you have inspired me to do
many things in my life thank you so much
you're welcome I don't know how but
thank you what is your YouTube channel
put it in the chat this will make the
video everyone watching this video there
you go alright now you've got to choose
a number between one and five I mean
yeah three a lot of people have gone
three you know all right let's go boom
let's go left wingback Bom Bom Bom Bom
none of them are good number two oh okay
Danny rose you were choosing my
goalkeeper for me and I'm not gonna lie
to you they were lawful so I'm gonna
give you two chances to as I said
they're all awful so I'm gonna let you
choose the substitute goalkeeper -
there's probably only one good player
here so make sure the number is right
before it's bad it's really bad it's
really bad
alright you know what you got you can't
get three bad in a row so we're gonna
let you have one more there's two good
options here and go okay what are you
doing to me you're choosing a player yes
number three oh very quick I'm happy
with that you gotta Lonzo he's a nice
link use another number I like your
choice let's go number four the only
good player out of fine until you get a
bad one you're choosing another number
this is this is great while it lasted
three good players three players that I
want here you're gonna have to choose a
number between one and five I am very
happy with that you know I'm very happy
with that I like you you're gonna choose
another number there's only one good
player actually there's no real good
player one anyway because that was that
was awful they were all bad okay
no I can work with that number one I can
work with that I like that
what's up
are you Canadian everyone loves Canadian
man yeah I have three players left
because you can ATM you're gonna do all
three there are four bad players and one
amazing one we're gonna take before we
have to take him we get another chance
now they're all bad just just choose a
number we'll go to the last one number
two they were all they're all lawful
okay this is the final player of the
whole draft okay no one of them would
fit the team very well I was thinking I
was thinking the number one would have
been best but I didn't realize so he
fits the team just as well thank you my
Canadian brother actually you know what
you can choose the manager too they're
all pretty awful yeah yeah okay well
yeah that is the draft done I'm gonna go
play the game alright guys so obviously
the team isn't the best I'm gonna see
what I can do with it right now
I'll show you when I'm done right so
this is the team we got we got I mean 86
chem obviously our goalkeeper is a big
factor now there's nothing I can do here
but we do have Suarez on the bench we've
got Mario's on the bench and Sun up so
we can always you know bring on Suarez
instead of Jack or in Sydney we're gonna
Mara's or the right wing back I don't
know the team's not the best but
obviously that's happens when you let
everyone just choose a random number
I'm going to again okay for now dough a
lot of informs and stuff but you know
what now it's cool it's cool it's cool
his defense isn't the best it's an all
right team now you know what confidence
confidence Simon you just need to stop
Ronaldo and we're good what'd I just say
we need to just stop Ronaldo just stop
Ronaldo this is beautiful you know what
oh I'm damped I didn't mean to but his
name is dab you know I did so I'm happy
i dabbed the hold of him hold off on I'm
there Cisco I don't okay I don't I don't
get like why why why was that so easy
here we go here we go son we're going
for the old crossing technique boom
that's good ed good name Kelly Holland
Ronaldo is a muscly dude that's right as
a muscly get mad oh dear oh dear oh dear
oh dear
gone mark me mark me bitch go on yeah
that's what I thought and bought how is
he saving that look look at this look at
look at this look at that
that's what we need that play there all
I do is that I know I score here we go
again
turnout oh that was oh my that was
ridiculous like that wouldn't have
worked anywhere else on the pitch I
don't think ok no no yeah that's yeah
good off solid hop good hustle boys all
right 45 minute little air minima
miminum in there minutes mini Minter's
of the same let's go there we go you
ready look block good punch good aunt
you've got big ants you got some David a
hands why have I done that why have I
done that what how is that what how does
that boss made it sorry instant yay I
know I know he's better than Jacko but
no not as a striker we're having Suarez
on and more is you know what you can get
some game time my defense might lack a
bit though oh yeah I told you I told
that what the fuck why did I not take
him oh my God he's just scored another
Wow and who was it of course it was
Ronaldo you left-footed know you know
please please thank you what's that
Morris man like sub Morris hey we're
back we're back in what do you what my
team has genuinely just turn dumb my
team is my team is why are you not going
to the ball oh no he sold me somi somi
dreaming it's called buboes what the
fuck there you go there you go please
please you idiots
I thought Jacko was a sick choice I'm
gonna be honest we're getting all that
attack we're gonna got 9 minutes and
this is it it's over voice it's over
come out they go keeps keeps keeps I've
just lost in the first round because of
absolute bullshit no no no no no no no
no no Mikey pop that was awful yes mate
we get it you have Ronaldo how have I
just lost that 6-3 I blame Jacob I got
lucky with the first goal yes I will not
deny that great great that's fantastic
great backs great packs I don't even
want to see the players I've got I don't
get lost get away from me screw it guys
just just to lengthen the video so you
guys can't tell well Oh call billboard
player straight away Spanish sentiment
Man United Herrera okay not too bad I'm
just gonna open these packs do you know
lengthen the video out so you can't tell
where I actually got to in the
the draft gonna keep talking and opening
some packet I can't do this to you guys
I'm just gonna you know what I'm gonna
open a couple of packs show you what I
got that was good
so the annoying thing now right is they
changed it again so I can tell you right
away if it's that pack it's not a
billboard because that wasn't even thick
enough to get the flash it changes if it
is a billboard oh that's thick up that's
that's a billboard you see how is
thicker so we could have the flash
coming up it Spanish striker Diego
custom errata maratha okay before it
happen to him is he's still gonna be in
the game or is he gonna get like a
decrease in racing or something okay
we'll keep them as a legend come on man
give me like it in four more like a
special colored card or something is
this motorcycle is it in the next pack
though it's what is it actually was the
next back okay
there's only one flash means only one
where player click 85 rate and that is
the sign to end it I just got that last
player just to you know Willie and I'm
very happy with that okay we actually
got some good billboard players so thank
you guys for watching I'm sorry that I
didn't do to work if you do guys if you
guys do want me to redo this I like
doing it and I like meeting new guys on
a mEagle let me know by liking the video
and commenting down below do it again
whoever puts it first just like their
comment because I'm happy to do it again
and I promise you I'll get further than
that but honestly that was I thought I
don't know why I'm sorry team okay I let
you down but thank you guys watching and
leave like you enjoyed I hope I made
grandma in no scene man or my sword
that's my team if you wait there more
time you can fuck off my Knock ever an
x-man scream I'm going through this Tim
time holds and I surpassed hundred
thousand soul
oh my manager fuck this job I'm gonna
take my chance on a roll
we'd
