what is a sideman well I've been
dictionary says it's this okay a man who
just follows around a boss in other
words a sub or a reserve so I could have
called this the sidemen challenge but I
think you get the idea I mean there is
also this definition but I tend to stay
away from being you know moist soggy and
flower felow ever it is so what we are
doing today is the draft where we can
only use these substitutes and the
reserves so I have to choose the
formation choose the captain and then
fill up the subs autocomplete there as a
team and then change them all out so now
this can and while by sword rush to it
so I'm trying it now let's see where we
can get to all right let's go with a
4-2-3-1 wide okay so their captain
doesn't actually get to play because oh
my god so what I'm gonna do is I'm going
to choose the lowest rated player now
and that means I should get higher rate
players on the bed so Manolos welcome to
the team here we go first player sub
goalkeeper and this is the goalkeeper
may have to you know yeah we're using
Oya it's not a great start I guess we'll
take a cushy L me third one let's get
another let's get another
oh my god I guess I go with kazar war
and know that he links with colony of up
what am I meant to do screw it up so
welcome to the team
Mara's or Shaqiri realistically because
I've already got cams and Maria's you
don't fit in let's go in more is just as
I like Lester so we need some CDMS
wowzers these choices are Matt I just
took a right midden Oh gonna go with
Ronaldo ah that's gonna fuck me up isn't
it but we can still get a messy come on
we can still get a oh Bale as well I
don't have a striker yet do I pick ah
I know I should I take a buyer actually
no you know what you're all gonna hate
me for this guys I'm actually gonna have
to take the RO oh this is actually
horrible I can name up he can name up
your name ah let's go with MA no I can't
no I I have I can I can I really can I
don't know what to do I don't know what
to do we don't know what to do are they
I'm gonna try out a Felipe Louise I'm
gonna get slewed in the comments it's
just like throwing me curveballs right
now it's doing realized in quite well I
think now I'm doing absolute terrible
right bellowing screw it we don't even
have a striker yet panas whatever okay
we got one player left and he ever got a
silver yet believe I mean I can always
play name on oh but please
Oh Benzema oh my god okay so now we have
to also complete the squad so okay yeah
sure please don't rub it in and give you
someone sick yeah that's good that's
perfect
you ready for this I'm a complete the
team now and I know it's terrible
against our honestly it's so much easier
to do this after you've seen the other
players and once you've put them on
there that is the team I'm gonna have to
use the only player I can bring on his
Marez not really quite sure how I just
did this but I've just upped my
chemistry quite a lot and now the worst
players off the pitch yeah and also
stupid now am I
okay I'm gonna do why would I actually
think I could win this I mean did you
see his team just then I mean I can
always have a goal but I mean there's
only so much one man can do yep
well there's one oh this is gonna be a
long game how the hell am I gonna beat
this guy the team started off pretty
well as well as when I saw Moya ours
light up this is easy there you go there
you go on I got my god I'm screwed okay
okay I'm moving maybe we can't do this
gon run you know what finesse but oh
let's go I thought you were an outer
burnout oh come on run out oh oh
Reynaldo whose keep it up with Renato
but what is going on may Martin and seal
alert how does his Ronaldo get pasta how
does this he's Ronaldo can pass it
through frickin sliced butter sorry guys
I don't I don't really know what that
comparison was I don't know something
winning but he's really not that good
come on let's go
round two oh my god oh my god are you
serious
his Ronaldo is so good is that all
because of chemistry isn't it Bank but
no is a freaking floppy force nothing
he's gonna have to be one hell of a this
team is I don't even know it could be
just as bad all right let's change it up
yeah this team may be as bad I mean on
the bright side I have a Gareth Bale win
form to bring on if I do need him what
if I say if I need him of course I need
it should I go home fly like should I
just leave now I will forget how
freaking hard these are getting back
your centre back we've seen it with Xena
no yes sure Michael come on agüero come
on mate
come on good look at the positive gosh
wait there's a absolutely shocking board
what is it what is okay Royce was no I
didn't ah oh oh my god where's sue go
sue
it's wait a min Victor what is that for
a torch I didn't do it that way
sometimes I feel like there's a big part
of me that subconsciously wants to lose
oh no oh no no let go how am I not
tackling him I've just lost the ability
on FIFA to tackle and I mean tackling is
pretty key in football come on boys
don't MIT don't make it so I can't even
score either gonna blow in and pop it
there we go there's one
we're pneumatics had a stroll out that
I'm infusing to get excited until I'm
actually winning
hahahaha Oh Rosie baby oh I know just a
touch
don't be excited that's why that's why
my sight until exit Sanchez Alexis
Sanchez I told you I'm not getting
inside until I'm winning he's just
pushed me over it's push just push me
over I'm winning what a stupid goal
again we go message message plays out
wide dummy it or not or not but Taylor
touch back in put your body on the lines
lads voice is putting his body on the
line doesn't matter if he's playing well
or not he's tweeting his Portillo line
that's what Matt wait how do you say no
oh
halftime I'm winning I'm excited I
deserve to be winning let's just finish
this off let's go boys
turn it turn it turn it dead is dead
oh ho ho chuckle nipples binds it out
wide oh dear oh dear oh dear oh dear oh
dear oh that's fine
wait I where here's pear I have failed
something's actually wrong with me why
do I keep doing that
sorry down in but you're off right here
we go bail on the ball bail on the ball
finish it off God blaming there you go
look at look at bail we believe she just
had one touch and he's giving it's a
message she's fucked up go on there you
go there you go
it's what's out it's a grow is the game
3-1 Alexis Sanchez cuts in cuts back
bangs it across and he did the buys just
it my god my pooch Madhu ch what can he
do that's a pen if that was outside the
area that's a pen all day long I just
realized what I said all right ignore me
I know it's keepers out I just realized
it just at a corner it's keep us out
there we go for one I think it's myself
is this purple weirdo running alongside
me and there it is first round done I'm
happy every started that now one down
three to go
here we go game - what's he got for me
show yourself okay it's not any better
really okay closing down closing down
sure Michael good save can't get
complacent lads don't was nothing ready
to get complacent about cuz we're not
even winning but let's just keep it go
pass it rare 400 what oh okay get that
get that no that's a terrible touchdown
T that's why you're at the championship
Sanchez wait what was he going was he
look at look how he's mocking me right
why can't I cross in this game look
where he is again lads on the wing just
as you'd expect and they doesn't do
anything from there I just need to get
away from the way gone oh wow yeah screw
we're actually gonna try it with this
left foot just over the wall like that
going bang
halftime nil nil I can't break this guy
down all I can do is go down the wing
and I can't cross what do i do what do i
do what do i do how can i mix this up
alright well this is a good start
down in off again there we go there yeah
there we go I likes it pen that's a pet
but in the area when it oh my god it was
it was almost gonna cave voice was just
please please leads to like don't like
now please so right you're a prick oh my
god no home how am I losing I just
noé I need to stop going top right okay
come on let's do this let's do this do
the take do the three Alexis there we go
we're back in no don't get excited cyber
I was starting the attack right now
we're starting it one sent out particles
rep how I want my not getting a file for
that
keep up no no no no no don't come out do
not come out for that do not how slow do
I be Martinez
oh no we all saw that coming get rude oh
no no no no no no no no no why is he
puffed me why have you pasty he could
illusion just shot and that probably
would have gone in but now we have a
counter don't like white lagging out
thief our thief our why you've been so
slow for me today do not do this to me
now 2,000 years later right so somehow I
managed to play the guy again somehow
the exact same team I'm pretty certain
and I won for nil here's the goals
so this is Round three and his see I
don't even hear that striker is come on
then bring it on bitch all right here we
go first chance of the game first
console again great ballin
oh alright for what take it back okay
second chance of the game second Jarrah
go downing I'm so sorry for ever taking
you off seems to be our everyone plays
against me yeah I don't know how to
cross oh no look at the space through
the spaceless opened up for him great
challenge whether we run run run brave
across where please bike bike what lag
there was a tiny bit like you saw it
whoa darling boys and I play though he's
a left icon shoot with Downing's rights
like I having a wank with the left
holy cow Ronaldo is completely through
no great section Michael oh my god go
sue it goes through hits incident near
post are you serious am i being an idiot
right now I literally just press clear
it oh god oh god oh god gave justice
Schmeichel was that okay so Michael I
can see why Leicester winning the league
Wow actually I say that he did this
alright we're actually we're getting a
chance we're actually getting a chance
we're getting a chance right now got a
bad post-it Papa's just anywhere
anywhere he could get a bang that was a
ridiculously powerful header oh no oh no
no no no no no that's a goal how is that
boom so good I thought to myself you
know what this is the semi-final if I
win this game I'm in the final he's
fucked up bad gun blow there no we've
run away random Oh when that please god
no this isn't going well and this is to
end the game look at this look at this
little attack he's got on Ronaldo and
the game I mean at least I got past the
second round and just one more just to
be you know just a nice earn that I'm
you know absolute white now he's pausing
is I don't even know what to say I've
just got destroyed by him now we get to
see the wonderful prizes jump out oh my
god we've got a jumbo premium gold
packet a premium gold paint this is the
first one the premium go pack and what a
surprise nothing and a jumbo premium
gold but seven rares
wowzers we get not even a rare player we
get Road thank you guys for watching and
see you meet someone like a like a lay
add a bit Silver's I mean come on good
Wow
just oh yes just oh my god men are
brothers with the cinnamon challenge
that a lemon but I'm freakin informal he
was part of this thing that I created Oh
Mike look Amy's beautiful I've opened
five packs and I've got three informs
time to revisit another one iced down my
pants
