they're back which means I am here again
for more punishment packs some of these
are going to be old some of them will be
new some will be borrowed some will be
blue this isn't a wedding so take your
look at team at a week it's pretty
decent I mean there's no like ridiculous
players but I mean I would want anyone
in this part of it if that this makes no
sense I want like the right hand side to
the middle like a diagonal line across
Davin Luiz Pedro hope like a set
Griezmann those are like the sick ones
so as I said some of these punishments
will have been in the last one but there
will only be ones that I didn't do so
I'm not going to be doing like the
wedgie I'm not going to do an whip cream
I'm not going to be doing that kind of
level eggs even though there's always
eggs and the first punishment does fall
into this category
it is psycho drops one drop of this can
cause a fire let you see that you see
that one drop ready um BAM see so if I
do not get an 85 rated player or above
or an in-form I will have to have one of
these drops
I've done it before threw up so here we
go first pack give me an eight vibrating
player please be a just 180 oh that's a
great start
oh just in for the hustled you've got
happen yeah did I mean this causes some
explosions pow pow
Wow lame um stop it now and in former
hazard though no one thought hazard
getting inform I know it's not the right
hazard so who cares but I have to have a
psycho drop punishment number two short
of vinegar
I don't mind vinegar on chips I don't
want vinegar on its own and we get zero
and eighties we get another right
we have 383 rated players can I add them
up and then it's over 85 ie 83 room yes
nuts buzz it again why doesn't it flash
up if it's an in-form he should be the
player that flashes up you know what I
need to stop complaining I just got to
informs back to back
alright so punishment 3 is warheads but
everyone always says you have to go with
the lemon flavor because the most sour
please EA give me a third form in a row
we get Buffon ok this there's a chance
though there's a chance there's no
chance there's no job this is clearly
out of date no thing isn't gonna be that
GUI I'm gonna have to find something
else
12 seconds later ok so I've had a look
around and I thought what could match up
to a lemon
I guess an actual lemon this is your
fault booth one ah God do it why do so
as well hello darkness my old friend oh
right Mama's done three packs down Oh
God the fourth punishment is a slap
there's no whipped cream in this one
either if I don't get the place I need
this time I have to get slapped by a
mysterious man please I need someone oh
so good good enough
Oh Papa my buddy Hank best thing you got
behind your head exactly but you still
means I get slapped
oh no God God ow ah ah why is it always
the air mm face only I knew who that
mystery man was right challenge five is
an old one again it's the cinnamon
challenge I didn't do it last time let's
see if I have to do it now come on Stan
85 rate play give me someone who comes
up all the time give me someone like a
like a playa davits it wasn't a come on
come on oh just oh yes
just oh my god Minh our brothers with
the cinnamon challenge still a lemon but
I'm freakin informal he was part of this
thing
Oh Mike look Amy's beautiful I've opened
five packs and I've got three informs
time to revisit another one ice down my
pants I still have the ice here and it
says hi ice but it's not gonna be a
party in my pants come on my face is
actually still stinging already is the
ice on my face please give me another
inform make this fall please oh not
gonna please this could be one that's
gonna be wondered oh here we go
so much ice and it's going to it's good
it's inside me oh my next punishment is
bean boozled if I don't get it I have
the three bean boozled at the same time
it's slowly melting around it no no no
no no no no it's stuck to my skin huh
huh I have to eat three bean boozled if
I don't get it please please
in here and I know you're not gonna
believe that they're horrible what they
are trust me I mean they might be nice
well wrong uh-oh - Adam horrible and
Isis boarding all right these are gone
recovery myriad honestly it's done back
in the next one is one of the worst ones
but it's one of the most asked for ones
this is wax strips only one though okay
I'm only doing one on my leg but my legs
are hairy
oh my thought I really don't do this one
please please please please
one good give me some good please just
moist just good enough oh I guess you
live another day the only problem is
make some of their punishment packs this
probably will have to go in are but rice
thank you two more packs two more
punishments this one isn't that bad okay
it's pretty bad depending on what
happens if I don't get an 85 or a bottle
and inform I will let one of the others
in the house tweet from my account I
mean all I'm saying is I've got four
informs three wait to me which I'm gonna
got three importance come on please 44
boom whenever one of them as time I'll
give them my phone the tweet will be
here I have no idea obviously what it is
right now because this is actually in
the past when I'm recording this too
when it's tweeted I just have to choose
carefully who I give my phone to thank
god jade is not here right now
and the final punishment I'm so happy
this is almost over will be included in
the outro there will be a little
surprise as I'm doing my outro otherwise
I will be doing my outro here
let's see please give them someone
please give me someone informed oh no
game so much please let's go be someone
that's coming why this means I have to
go to a punishment while doing my outro
that's all for today's video
ah ok thank you guys take though I got a
you guys watching oh if your leave more
punches ah the comments below where
where should I leave them in the comment
plan that's an around face me so you
watch it oh my god I'm Oh see you have
you bad day dovey
thank you anyway we've just finished our
day that's all part so yeah but that's
it that was all I wanted to put this
video so go see how about they've Toby
and enjoy the funny moments what's up
guys and welcome back to a two-player
draft
with another side man today we are
joined win
