yo guys we are back with the very best
my wife said stop stop stop I I know I
posed in this two days ago but some of
you really like it not only that I
really want to finish this series so you
can take those boos and stick it up your
ass
I'm alright yeah now I got you on my
side there aren't actually kids in my
room just to warn you last time I left
you with three games left in Division
one and we need one win to remain in the
division if you get loud we get seven
thousand coins and the top cover today
was to get Lukaku and replace Remy
didn't know if that was right because
that's a French team so what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna play these two games if
I do manage to win one and I stay in the
division I will buy him and then you
guys can let me know who I am actually
replacing but first I need to win
Frenchie's your turn you know every time
I put that little picture on the screen
I actually get really hungry because I
love cheese the only thing actually in
my fridge right now is this cheese and
it's still a date I enough weirdness
right will you go wait two legends I'm
gonna beat this oh let's just see what
we can do I love when there's lag I love
when there's lag with okay come on see
you can't you can't play with lag mate
and apparently neither can i Wow
whoa okay that's a let off let's just
pick the game up now there you go there
you go what a ball we're through and
back we both just missed two absolute
cities well neither of us thought we'd
be having a jobs like that and not
scoring Branigan oh there we go
having a team like that can't help you
if you're bad oh no oh no no no no no
don't let her fall for fixing things oh
hi Karen good Oh Thor do not slide come
on come on come on come on Fleming and
pop it again open go open go up there -
Neal I'm having a lot of open goal of
genies right now this is stay in the
division twenty minutes in surely surely
you are not quitting now your team is so
good oh man play why are you not come
I'm okay I'm sorry that I'm winning - no
I'm sorry that I am beating your West so
badly that you thought you were in
prison but come on man no yeah but you
you actually actually know he's not
playing oh boy shotgun giga touch you
touch
this is horrible that's a great catch
there you go there you go I told you
guys I'm passing it across right going
one more and there you go
but I don't care how sweating day is the
difference of staying in Division one
and not sting Division one is it's worth
it why are you pausing again
oh he's messed up a little bit turn him
that's a bad touch but it's without
Remmy lag Remmy I didn't even shoot that
I am absolutely destroying this guy
right now come on what's gonna go black
blood blue bag oh my god the lag I
didn't even score anyway this game's
gonna last like 25 minutes with this lag
ah just stop make this lag oh my god oh
my days so you can look at this play and
but that's a great touch oh I've loved
it I've loved it accidentally I tried
turning pro or a rocker I know what for
he might actually quit so I need to get
a fourth goal without letting him get a
goal in the 45th minute there we go
there to end it there I beg this is not
me I beg this is him I beg he has just
turned off his xbox it's me are you
serious that's me
why the fuck ea and of course I gets
straight back in and eight counts of the
loss ah
102 zero real frickin quick screw it
we're gonna use the French team again I
let see the stupid tip yeah okay cool
it's just fun isn't it fun well they
actually that's a really sick hybrid I
have to win I beg if I don't win this
then I literally have one game left to
get a win to stay in the division Wow I
mean that's a great stars then I'd
actually love for someone to figure out
how many points I've lost in this year
because of FIFA and not letting a okay I
should probably stop focusing on bat oh
I was so confident about 17 seconds ago
get to him get to him get to jet what
are you yeah take a limp take a lamp do
not lip do not let him score back he's a
side
he's outside that's fine how you gonna
try and score a bat kill against me I
know you guys aren't really gonna vomit
guys this is going horrific Leeson
frescort know what makes this even worse
is the fact that his name is Simon boss
like he was literally sent to boss Simon
oh my goodness gracious make dumb be a
pen Dobby oh no oh no no no no no no he
wouldn't be missing those nothing like
guys feel it very very lost gone
give him okay I've got fowl somewhere
until a script Pyatt go for it what oh
do not get no no no no no no no like
alike
Oh keeps great play Craig let go guys I
know I've lost I haven't apparently at a
shot and target something dramatic is
gonna have to change for me to win this
day alright with something is changing
right now something is changing and it's
not me my underwear it let's go we've
actually just you changed it out I would
not even say just then another oh no oh
no oh oh no I have to win there's no
point getting a draw George best again
George best this is my outlet here but
there's a book I always keep us come out
for that well something has changed but
I don't know what it is Oh
Oh gonna dummy dummy that's a foul
that's a fat thank you
hey you know what you had to put blue on
the line now he has but you I should
taking the piss
towards come on George there's a big
touch I didn't do that big go on bap bap
dayton good god no I actually can't
believe that I could have won this game
this is a shoe dick is gone uh-huh I
mean you can't knock this guy he is very
good now that's a goal that's a goal get
rid of the frickin ball what is going on
right now tackle that's that's not a
foul I it's 90th minute Go Go Go Go Go
Go Go Go Go please keep that up please
get out police get on I put it in go one
more one more
no wait go we're gonna Lynch oh my god
there's no point in a draw I don't care
what the stats say and I'm gonna do a
little bit I could have won that game
guys if I get relegated I don't know
what to do because it's bullshit I
literally was three nil up I mean I'm
gonna buy Lukaku he's only
2,700 we're gonna get this one 2702 boy
him not going to put them into the team
until you guys let me know where you
want it but we shouldn't like each
other's comments thank you guys for
watching and see you over hood
oh my godness is scored in the 83rd
minute your video just ran don't you
just get around all my defenders don't
tell me he's now gonna go on and score a
winner Warren that's a catch one where's
the runt what's up where's the runs
nowhere that's where cuz it's freaking
full-time we need some changes right now
Bama Yang and Jerrod you're coming on
deber√≠an soulmate not yet let's do this
guy's
Paulo come on pal a mutiny
