you have asked for this the fastest way
to build a foot draft and now I'm not
talking about the fastest players some
said there's no way you can win the drop
doing this well I'm here to prove you
wrong this is the Auto draft Shannon the
way this works is I'm going to start the
draft I get to choose the formation and
then I just have to author the draft so
it might be quite short in terms of the
video length because if I you know a guy
the first round and I haven't even got
the draft it just got one game but
that's not going to happen so we enter
the draft and the formation we have the
four three one two three four two one
and you can read the rest I'm gonna go
with the four three three four sign but
we do have to choose a captain so the
captain we get boom boom boom boom boom
a very tough choice Messi or Suarez we
actually don't have a striker position
we can play centre forward you know what
imma be safe I'm gonna choose mestiza
Messi is in the tick that's the first
one now I just press Y and the team is
done
the Citroen button boom it is done
it is done this team is actually fucking
awful this button there's this what the
fuck this
you look I'm pencil if you think I'm
playing with that team right here we go
again we're gonna be translating
different I never use five of the back
at having you Sarita bag we're gonna try
five two two one
please don't mess me up game where I get
to choose let you for Ronaldo I never
ever ever use the legend and I know he
is powerful Bernardo I know Neymar's
better than the legend but based on the
chemistry in the last one I'm gonna use
the legend and know that at least three
positions will have a link so here we go
again let's see the team that's gang
built
why didn't come on keep coming at I
again Oh Papa shit
foggy bar you can go there I got messy
and bail I you know what this team isn't
too bad my goalie doesn't have any
chemistry but we've linked to Baylor
Messi and freaking dibala poked by Team
of the Year
there we go this team starts and look
alright I mean I actually quite like his
team is pretty decent 10 times better
than that last piece of rubbish I add
let's do I'm gonna be facing how many TV
years we got isn't great anybody has any
brand he has more chemistry come on I
can't go out in the first round please
bail bail you're playing through wait
that is it ok was aside cuz I must say
that was the most ridiculous shot I've
ever seen in my life I come on Paulo
Paulo future there you go good job Allah
come on come on nippers I can't you
score you're so good against me
come on Paulo come on mate you're not
doing much me right we did all right
ha ha ha pop one there we go that's all
I wanted from you Paulo vibra ever we
know where you're going we all sort
given just there you go look at the
teamwork come on power future come on
look at that look at no no no no ok
posit be calm calm Mike on Mike what is
that up what what are you doing doesn't
it like you've ever controlled a
football in your life Messi come on do
something don't know ah free-kick on the
prick legates run forward
and jump all right that's fine there it
is halftime these guys are very boring
player I know I have five at the back
this guy literally have everyone back I
mean look at how dead that is what
where's you just come from where has he
come
Jimmy do Oh Oh horn another free kick
right run forward and jump missed it
aren't you giving in these chances
remember this formation is there isn't a
midfield if there is no no no die boy
I'm not I'm not impressed by him you
know saying that playing that rest I'll
take a free kick no I won't take
anything apparently great challenge
wobble how low shows you play more like
Paolo Nutini than Paolo food trade a
legend come on let's go big such big
such crap breath cycle good Papa hook
right we're like what was there for a
foul that went in English oh no no oh my
god oh my goodness is scored in the 83rd
minute UV mio just ran don't you just
get round all my defenders don't tell me
he's now gonna go on and score a winner
Warren that's a catch one
what's the runt what's up where's the
runs nowhere that's where cuz it's
freakin full time we need some changes
right now
Bama yang and Jerrod you coming on
deber√≠an soulmate not yet let's do this
guy's
Paulo come on pal a mutiny come on PAL
Anouk idiot even playing I think he is
now Vicky is now about me oh I am nice
nice
right bagua for this that just took the
worst deflection straight at the keeper
there's been no chances this is that
this is definitely gonna get a depend or
a last minute corner and some little win
Jerrod you magnificent bass oh my
nothing that goal was coming that one
little fake shot from Jerrod
pressures on you now bitch Steven
Gerrard is actually a month after foul
butter and I have Steven girl to take
free kicks okay I have a messy that's a
better idea isn't it go on messy rip
them top corners ahh
Wow mate you got one more chance
20th minute and mopped it up took my
crown for free kick of the game through
to the second round
I would fisting with a sensitive
chemistry but I'll sacrifice one just to
have Steven Jared on because he was that
good game number two what you got for me
what got a one eight eight squad that's
it lads summer you know it's a bed now
Oh double O get a booger ball good
living all right Paula fuga please
you're a legend you're a freakin legend
Paolo Nutini seven minutes in one Miller
oh what's up with that
where's that for a touch oh my god a
fami yang would have done so much better
look how he spreads her out wide there
we go No
who's that order odd it was gerund after
all the good things I said about you
Gerard no no that's a girl that's a fun
why is my defenses it's just not on is
it I don't know whether it's me whether
it's like my players what it is but
something got a change you know messing
Leonel messy come on do something for me
Leo Messi has been the worst player on
my team this entire thing all right I
seen you in that scene an early boy aah
hey aah aah
it's time to get some chances oh no oh
no no no
oh sweet Lippmann I thought I was a
definite goal this game again has been
so dead
ah let's hope this actually some chances
in this half gone one Kabbalah Kabalah I
don't even know how you actually say his
name told you guys sometimes just get
rid of any technique puta in a but why
is that a foul Oh
Messi Messi matoi you are not good for
me it's not like I'm about to break up
with him come on lemon antics such a
bang yes Messi you finally did something
for me right you'll move again bitch oh
no oh no oh no no we just dribbled
around everyone oh my god my move now
bitch I don't know why I can really do
from here Chiellini is completely open
too fast like 50 this and then Vanessa
Virgili knees right foot I mean that's
just one of the last people I'd want
there oh my god
how does he dribble round everyone Oh
mom's guys bullying may look how was he
to stop
how does he if this mini Hebrew but he's
playing defensive now isn't it oh my god
oh my god Joe or da Hye's I can't go out
now this is too early I've haven't even
matured yet in this tournament and now I
know I know he's gonna pass it across I
blot that I've done I've done extremely
well out of that one but now this is it
oh my god this is my last chance
there's so many players he's gone back
this is the joke what were you that has
to be coupled with a good walk it's mom
how am I losing that game for some
reason I can't tackle people when they
just dribbled slowly right let's see
what bullshit prize I get now oh three
gold packs one of them being Jumbo's oh
my god we got nothing no way we got
nothing again final Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba didn't even get a rare player
absolutely shocking but that's all I
could do that the autocomplete challenge
if you want anyone else to do this go
tweet them say and do the autocomplete
challenge Simon sent you a glass
watching and see it I just need one good
balling and then I just need to win one
of those this is so tense last few
minutes last get one look at that get up
we have we have lost tons lost our
system go go go go run your outside
don't let
mix it next please
wait wait we're right no no but it means
me
