swag one wait that's not me no that's
not me
yo guys that's not me either what am i
doing yo what's going on guys and
welcome back to the very best I asked
you guys what I should do Anna yeah I
mean the top comment was I think to get
a confirm web but it disappeared
regardless and I don't have any coins
anyway so I can't do anything so I
decided to pick out my favorite comment
and that was this one now what's wrong
with you there wasn't one thing right
about that sentence anyways where were
we were in division 1 we have 7 points
with 5 games remaining so if we do the
same a win to draw 1 we're safe we've
already accepted we can win the title
first game we are gonna use the
Frenchies you canif Ross where you got
for me boy always got a silver that's
one of the first only we could the boy
I don't need never the boy this game um
these are the Frenchies well I mean now
I know that I'm screwed but I mean what
do I do I just
I just try and win anyway I mean in
early corners a good stars in it to the
edge that wasn't even to the edge ok
right cliche laugh up oh come back here
del F oh whoa whoa fortunately for me I
don't think he's realized the power the
boy holds that sounded weird and I'm
becoming a real weirdo but let's do the
book Oh George best Jorge bars shoot
spinach it it's an open goal how are you
not scoring oh he's so fast
oh no he actually has skills as well he
has skills as well go go tackle tackle
go go go go go oh god he keeps doing the
spin that's a goal let's go Oh Keith
whoa what what there's like three of you
there's three of you there how is he
getting okay George we need a goal now
let's go what did I say George we need
to go now there's the ball that was I
can't I can't not
anything there George you did your job
half time and no one has broken the
deadlock I said I need one drawn to wins
but I don't really want to aim for a
draw I need some way of just scoring a
goal please gonna quit please please
come win that head up when the header no
win okay we need just one goal please be
on side please feels like he's
completely through finish no are you
actually
you're actually he's gone for it it's
got I've got he's got a corner from that
oh no no no no no I pay off and play him
off just numb he doesn't know how to use
the boy why do I keep saying these
things George I haven't had many attacks
I just need one good ball in and then I
just bend one of those this is so tense
last few minutes last deep but we'll get
up get up we have we have lost tons lost
our system go go go go run you're
outside don't let no no no no make it
next turn please
what wait wait we're right no no but it
means me that he just cleared it off the
light it wasn't even a shy was a cross
uh yeah I pressed it with Y turned in
and then for some reason he turned in
and then did the cross that I needed a
draw now I just need two wins i win this
one next episode I could get some coins
and we're gonna use the BPL team cuz you
know how we do I don't know why I still
say this become part of the tradition
guys got a real Madrid kit and his team
is not like Real Madrid it's very good
very very good BPL team probably should
have guessed that by his name it's
always worrying seeing a BPL team that I
class is very good and then realizing I
have none of those players George best
wait George bus wait wait boom I shot I
shot like eight times blip you just kick
it his face I know he's a good looking
man but you don't want to put your balls
on his face all the time George put the
ball in there we go there we go there we
go Bank or run Gradle run run run run
run oh that's a great touch good lemon
that's not where I wanted it at all is
it or dangerous position here for a
free-kick is he gonna put play on the
line you know what that means George
best can just whip it over them oh no
what I just galloped I actually galloped
past the ball Oh George George Gore
George
breath grab you see trip me you see the
nil foot out come on climb on came on
one more one more with a bowline with a
wood back back ticket back and wrap whoa
art so with the long legs reaching that
one but how we manage that right we've
reached our time this time we're
actually winning a game and it's
deserved he hasn't had a shot on target
I mean I don't know what my shots were
really apart from the gold but who cares
really don't like giving away free kicks
in this kind of dish you never know what
he's gonna do and you never know if
you've got a little tactic that might
just work
and it I mean it didn't this time but
you know what I mean like the reverse
yeah what a challenge
you silly goose you silly silly goose
that's why he's the boy look at Kashi l
need storm in forward look at Kashi l
knee whips up all in heads it back that
one but why is there no back grader you
got chance you got chance far side
thighs are fantastic ball I like all I
can do is approach in there I'm not
going to because I have to take my hand
off the controller we've seen how that
sometimes works out honestly my hands
are sweating like buckets right now can
we just get rid of this ball please no
no no no no no no what has a strange
tightly he went half the mine and half
were normal get rid get rid big tackle
blaster go he's taking a touch trick I
would put marbles in his face now we're
going to done it this lag creeping in
now like creeping in but does it matter
doesn't matter
I'm the jewels Bessel's offside he
wasn't why'd it go to him oh it gave
some lucky bounces but he's not getting
the lucky finish and that my friends is
how you win one game out of the two may
have got a bit lucky in that game with
the goals but it doesn't really matter
now does it
we have three games remaining two of
which will be next episode unless I can
win the first game of which case I stay
in Division one that gives me an extra
seven and a half thousand coins on top
of about three thousand so I'm about ten
thousand coins to spend let me know what
you want me to do with that the top
court will be the one I choose spare you
guys for watching and see up are you
hurry takes place Elaine it's not me I
attract weirdos Errol guys you check
guys is it you say he's not a weirdo I
rode up happen in friends
there's plenty inflect you've seen a lot
using a lot of friends I remember that
what's the real song
it's killing a driver come over
