what's up guys and welcome to Simon and
Josh reacting to best sidemen vines as
its own everyday off-camera though it's
like look you can't even see you because
they now can't take the L we have found
a video called best sidemen vines which
are vines made up of the seven side men
we're gonna be watching it and yeah just
reacting to that but first I actually uh
never take a so I had a little I know
it's a phone no Oh blue oh my god
touch the screen I try to be a makeup
eyes touch the sky but actually what I
was saying
first I have another video which we're
not gonna watch the whole in it we're
just going to start just to get your
reaction you make this I have made this
is your secret channel Oh
kar me unstoppable team and I'll be
internet they are caos which is a flows
better than chaos eyes how you Pete Mads
on to the vines you ready for this okay
the first one we can see a still image
of you right now my god
are they already looking forward to this
no let's go like me Father boy a Star
Wars I sorted you strange this strange
pal it's strange pal Simon you're
strange pal he told me you got parent
ethan calling me strange unlucky buddy
oh no Oh uncle make me lose Burma is
there really are you which one do you
prefer
mad John explained that explain yourself
no okay Oh
who needs a pig splaining here no
exploding system what are we doing that
but what we try to peel off exams he's
not a cracker
no boys an action man and maybe did
everyone else's the videos of cracker
racism that he'd worldwide oh now who
needs to explain now Harry does look how
shocked diner I thought you just
finished oh that's not hahahahaha you
know I said boy we are moving in their
face only oh my I'm a sassy oh oh you
see no no that's when he smacked his
head a room I've never seen that it was
like what it's like a flight of orbit
it's spongy zoella bungeed sponge it's
spongy freeze everybody clap your head
hurry six placing it it's not me I
attract weirdos Errol guys you checked
guys is it you say he's not a weirdo I
don't have any friends there's plenty
inflict you see I'm not using a lot of
friends I remember that what's the real
song if cookies need a driver
Kilimanjaro is okay so I got a spot
there I think he rocks it my name's
Louisa what I felt can I say wisey from
the screen heard you know today even
anything I'm gonna carry on one that one
daddy
Josh Niki is Dalia daddy's uh-oh
please explain himself so yeah
hahaha three days other than units like
calling me that but the air phone
boom boom boom who needs to explain
themselves now okay whoa God we should
start a band if there's one thing I've
learned from playing GTA playing random
games we should start a band or would it
be called side band the band called
sideburn i think yeah but side men is
like you know that kind of works with us
we should just be called support like
these hi guys outside man so how would
you be in the video hey speech 1 and
Toby Hill it's related to kill alone
sure hey did you see his busy boy live
anyway with Oh God
oh I got it yeah you're about the slew
me and Ethan there alright so that is
all the sidemen vines of part 1 if you
want us to do a part 2 let us know in
the comments or if you have any other
videos you want us to react to let us
know by tweeting either of us what what
are you
banana be sure to check out Josh in the
description if you don't know he is
already and be sure to subscribe while
you're over there thank you guys
watching and super packs were made to
punish you whenever people buy them they
end up hurt crying but it's time to take
that one step further
I bring you punishment packs I know
people have done this before there are
twenty fifty thousand coin packs out
right now I'm going to open ten of them
and if I don't get a player eighty five
rated or above or an in-form
I will have to do a punished
