packs were made to punish you whenever
people buy them they end up hurt crying
but it's time to take that one step
further
I bring you punishment packs I know
people have done this before there are
twenty fifty thousand coin packs out
right now I'm going to open ten of them
and if I don't get a player eighty five
rated or above or an in-form I will have
to do a punishment now every pack will
have a different punishment and it will
change I'll tell you what it is
beforehand
obviously you're like but there's twenty
I can't do more than ten points so we're
gonna stick with ten the team in a week
this week there's an Eriksen there's a
Rodriguez there's a Matsui D and a
Morris well it's good to see they gave
him five star skills so to give you an
example okay so if I open this pack here
if I get a player 85 or above or an
in-form
I'd have to do a punishment so Matthew I
would have to do a punishment luckily
that one doesn't count
thank God so the first punishment you
guys decided on is a spoonful of Marmite
was dying obviously mama I'm not too bad
with I quite like it in smaller
proportions not really a spoonful let's
just hope that I have to do it anyway
come on don't give me give me good plan
give me me a good play
okay you know what it's not a good start
but I'd rather not get a vibrator play
on this one they get one later on when I
actually really hate the punishment
Marmite time look at this if you don't
know what a Marmite is by the way
because you're American
kind of like Vegemite it might not taste
like it but it looks like it there's the
spoonful here we go alright so much
stronger I like the hard as I said I'm
not too bad with my ladder I'm not too
bad with Marmite but that is their
punishment number two we have the
elastic band flick so if I don't get
played by brother blood then I'm gonna
have to do this and ping it on my
forehead that hurts so much right here
we go come on come on give me an
informal high rated player who's giving
it form no inform it before Oh 283 are
you serious
it's gonna really really hurt let me
give it a little test ah mic up here so
you can hear the noise I'm gonna go with
this far okay three two one ah ah I know
you all probably like that would not go
do it no don't do it yourself ah we do
one more history as a magic number
why why why why why
ah there and there rose up from the
elastic band yes I want to quick sell
everything right this hasn't gone to
world two packs down and I've already
done two punishments for fit number
three lemon I did this as money and it
actually hurt my teeth for the next like
three days
please EA please give me someone give me
an inform see the 50k packs give me and
in form
oh oh oh wait Rudy will do right Rooney
 you lemon bitch I'm sorry enough to
do that one that one is honestly a
horrible horrible one I the next one
will last for quite a while if I do not
get the player I need I will have to
cover my face with you know five to ten
pegs for the rest of the videos so yeah
I really really want one please EA give
me someone that will not mean I have to
get pegged not in that way I do not want
pegs on my face we get your your Tori
are chief overrated guys are we needed
we just need an 85 rated bar thank God
four down six To Go next up cinnamon I
don't even like cinnamon that let alone
the cinnamon challenge I've done it once
before and it was horrible so is it time
to do it again tell me now EA tell me
the good news
don't be bad news not be bad news we
survived it ah that's the first poem
where I've ever got as well right what
is next what is
whip cream
slaps I beg I don't know who I'm gonna
get to slap me by beg I do not want to
get slapped I'm not choosing JG I know
that I might have to go choose Vic
please know you're done but you let me
down unless there's an inform is there
an informant or an informant no it's
getting tighter we have to go get slaps
right so I have my lovely assistant
Lewis ready to slap me
I don't like I don't like that one right
in the ER right and that's only in my
ear one lies in here every time that was
fun right on to the next back I guess
the next one is a wedgie who suggested a
wedgie
this cream in my ears ei I need you now
more than ever
why do I do this why our wedgie this is
this is a year six lick and gloves for
suggestion like Oh on your head oh my
god oh I feel violated how do women wear
thumbs now we have iced down my pants
all right as if my penis needs to get
any smaller that's why I've called Vinny
mentor
come on ei come on give me something
it's been a while since I've had a good
pangur like three packs in a row and we
get comical oh my god oh just just
you're far you're safe for another day
boy eyes a inform but I don't Ches
and inform next up psycho drops now if
you don't know what these are I've done
them before they're basically like hot
sauce but when I say aussolas I mean
like the same as a ghost chili or hotter
I do not want to do it again I did about
four and ended up throwing up so if I do
one it's still bad and we're not doing
it we're not doing it was my church has
saved us and the final punishment of
today is
eggs obviously there's always gotta be
eggs the EA you've got me you got my
back bro you got my back don't you
exactly Pepe boom he's 84 he's 80
freaking for nananananana
double or nothing two eggs please please
please two eggs no no no no no no ripple
or nothing
 you imma just go through it now I'm
doing any more egg one sick what what do
I do with this I didn't think this I
didn't think this through and I've just
put the camera down it's on my head I'm
not wasting time I got both of them ah
ha ha ha wait one of them cracked
brilliant I'm gonna go clean this up
okay I'm a mess
my hair my hair has egg wash out of this
but things have like egg down here
wasn't I gain out of this I got a line a
couple 86 I got an 87 an 85 and an
in-form and now I'm getting absolute
rubbish thank you guys for watching let
me know what you want me to do in the
comments and uh yeah I'm a go sort
Slough all of this cuz I think that
wedgies still up there yeah thank you
guys for watching and suit white
quitting now right one win done funding
three more to go I finally got into a
game and it's a BP LT mixed with a Liga
BBVA that's too many of them let's show
them what we can do non Spanish people
I mean non Spanish league people one
quick thing first actually hahaha hahaha
comba Libre come on e bruh come on bye
what what is that why do you have a
problem with hitting the
