hola como estas muy bien no no no no
more Spanish I have seen net do this I
have seen Ethan do this we are trying
the non Lolita draw too many times the
legal players popped up and I have
thought days all right I'll choose him
bonobo we will only use non la liga
players for a draft and see where we can
get to so alas we begin deformation for
for two flats
okay where we go we have three choices
can't use ronaldo can't use alphas we
are gonna go with LARM
right Mick give me a Bundesliga player
come on Bundesliga Bundesliga okay cut
Kosta yesterday fuck me up I know
they're all good but we're going for the
chemistry centre back time come on
liquid lamp come on here we get in we
get what all Martinez for taking the
links going pretty damn well right now
come on give me someone good oh that's
horrible
you know what we're gonna take the BPL
player and try and build a hybrid so I
need a Bundesliga screw
I mean he's in the bundesliga Noah Noah
no annoy annoy I know I know we let
always amazing as well this is where we
need a Bundesliga you we may have to
we're gonna have to take Davis we're
risking it for a chocolate biscuit
definitely got that wrong right strike a
time give me either BPL openers leave
barrini the only ones I can really go
for open don't know oh no I need I need
to choose him or him that can't ah this
is harder than it looks you know
everyone is Liga BBVA screw it cuz are
WA the subs better be good what a
weakening okay Cahill company ID I am
any Serie A plus we're not gonna go into
either K whore company and I like
company but very lonely person anyway
onto the sub goalie we will take we're
gonna have to take me on way Oh CY is
that Danny Alvers there lamb Baines come
on mate come on get in the team look at
the amount of players I'm getting in
that tick okay put his fingers like oh
we could work these two I probably will
use over one of them know what we're
gonna take yeah still Eriksson really
wants to play you know what we
won't lay we're gonna take a Ramsey not
gonna change any of the team yet I like
to have it at the old mile Mike really a
name are a Ronaldo and Messi you know
what a neighbor is good enough I know he
doesn't fit in the team but he can come
on he'll be a very decent impact sub we
need a left mid though I'm not gonna
take our error we're gonna take this
goalkeepers I don't want me as a backup
I want a left mid stop giving me Neymar
cacain will work I just really hope that
that doesn't backfire on me please come
alone okay left winger will do like he's
better than any left man I'm gonna get
another left winger Oh Anna left mid
wouldn't take ah could be a mistake but
I think my team is pretty much finished
yes cool take couple gays and the final
player for today and to finish the team
is same manager we want be PE ok ppl we
will take a McLaren let me see what I
can do and it is done this team actually
turned out pretty decent ha look at it
we got a hundred cam we got an 84 rate
of team we do have a silver play up
front but we will bring him straight off
Brioni bruh Leno could always come one
of Joe Hart isn't doing his ting
everyone else I'm happy with I'm very
happy with this team
I mean Annie Braun there that just uh
just fits the team and it's fully done
let's see what we can do right what's
the guy living it's an illegal
oh ok yes he has a BPO and a league one
team per playmate let's see if it pays
off the way he's paused it in 41 seconds
you know what that means
slattern Ibrahimovic old the hell up
Mexico Joe Joe Joe made me go maybe to
do a little oh I don't want to regret
choosing you over Leno I really like you
Joe Hart you're the reason why people
don't have dandruff Oh
depay with the place whoa these lagged
it's lagged please what's happening
why's there like now why is there like
well this game's over already I try this
again and look he has Liga BBVA team at
the legend here we go here we go yo god
I don't know what I've done I was up but
I've got why am I not bringing on acid
and it is John Slaton Ibrahimovic Oh
boom
fuck there we go like what the house
three attempts to get Latin Abby doesn't
have the same problem in bed
there you go slats on touch what he
turns a little ways off side his leaves
matter anyway it's Harry came he ain't
gonna school he doesn't do anything for
me in this game we get rid of the ball
please can we just get rid of the ball
no can we get rid of the think it's okay
this day but we are not comfortable just
Joe Oh hurry hurry
was it in Dali bro he booked one take a
look one of you there it is hard time
and I am NOT comfy and AH right now I'm
comfy I told you must come fit what I
just had to score that and that was it
going win that with a bro he bought me
mad comfy oh he wants to play now does
he wasn't he actually don't Tommy that
yeah just freaking rabona that there you
go there you go we get some chances I've
turned out and there's a shot Oh Jane I
told you he doesn't score for me why
they put so much pressure on now in that
the last couple of minutes no no no no
no that could have been a pen so easily
get rid get rid please it's a buffet
right why think we're fine now
especially if we have a little chance
like this
Oh bro how are you missing the open goal
with your ibrahimovic why you pausing it
in the eighties big widely quitting now
right one win done and it's three more
to go
I finally got into a game and it to be
PLT mixed with a Liga BBVA there's too
many of them let's show them what we can
do non Spanish people
I mean non Spanish league people one
quick thing first actually
hahahahahaha come on e bruh come on e
bruh
come on fine what what is that why do
you have a problem with hitting the bar
oh no debry go
lucky I've got hot and johar as well hi
guys I'm really struggling today with
these jokes
here you go is through - wait wait poor
wanna chop no picture get away from my
foot
here we go lunch mcfist oh that's a nice
little wall street's of his hands
sometimes is just gonna take all
technique out and boot it up and pull
the bag wow you can just cut that oh no
oh no great save although there's ago
isn't it that's the oh sure what what a
freakin save wow wow wow wow wow
boys I think I'm heading out this guy is
very good those Liga BBVA players I'll
tell ya I mean it's a halftime a one-nil
down and I don't know what I can do
I haven't even had a short on he
apparently and now he's brought on
sterling his eye he's gonna be even more
annoying what the hell are you doing our
new I should add Leno runny for runny
but runny but run run run run run run
run run run hurry chains in there dick
did oh yo who's y'all doling gold it was
meant to be from an early age Annette
Wow
well it's all over oh it was a good run
guys it's a good run without the Liga
BBVA players I mean like where is my
team I don't see there's I don't see
many of my players and now my players
are gone again my defense is none
existed by de fer you little your scab
you're actually a scab on society cane
filiz yes okay there's one back we're
just making it not embarrassing it
doesn't have any speed but you can
finish I've decided I don't stink the
Bundesliga is powerful enough for this
for this game come on guys one more goal
now one more goal and what the hell
Douglas Costa where's my defense where
is no no no no
joe-joe okay we all let you off Joe but
I'm not happy and yes we have now lost
frickin lot in the second round
every time guy and blend the team team
attitudes now want now I'm going to get
what I'm gonna get a Premium Gold
players but okay spring pack and they're
all terrible back numero uno no no
Spanish pack number one we get nothing
packet do em good - ah
we're going with French do pack dude
nothing back wha
we got what do we get we got we got Oh
what oh yeah no wait what is this
anyways that's all for the non illega
team thank you guys for watching and see
I'm gonna have to try this one alright
and then oh what a wonder strike you see
that you hit that you do you hear the
explosion how am i if I don't win this
game
this guy really wants to give me gold
know and he wants to give me free kicks
as well I'm gonna fit this quick
I'm takin answer Oh yo
