so what's going on guys welcome to a
nother hold on your top comment would
get Sanchez at Stryker one problem
seriously guys I have about three K now
if you guys don't remember last time my
camera fucked up a little bit but this
time it's gonna work double check yeah
okay it's working we have won a game
lost the game and drawn a game in
Division one so we lose another game I
don't think we come in the title I think
this season is a relegation but going in
with the ppl team and to be honest I can
see why you want me to get that sentence
you would fit in pretty well no offense
Divya what team we facing today we ran
es hora now Noah that might be one of
the first run out as I face in this
series only in this series sky idea why
does he not just swap them over let's do
this guy's this is a big-ass bitch oh oh
oh thank god nope nevermind okay okay
now we have the chance okay we turn into
a parsec gross at first time there's the
goal we want me a lot already I favor
the bigger picture now it gives me more
chance to just spread myself out oh yeah
don't like the big pitch don't like it
don't like this it's too big you know
sometimes there's too big that's what
she said there you go there we go there
we go there we go there we go there we
go two to one
it's just quite simple play no you don't
need anything too extravagant didn't see
me on the edge didn't see me on the edge
did is it some people are just born
pricks
oh well now we have a charge with a big
big job there please don't - up Simon
Simon when you're gone guys all I did
them I didn't I took one extra touch
that I didn't do that I know the police
wouldn't believe me if I said that was
that deep Oh George best daddies through
George best is the last play I'm not
like I'm not dropping my controller I've
done this too many times and lost too
many batteries oh when the autem windy
out him win you out him win the Adam
Flynn oh how was he stuck with that he
wants to give me another go he does he
does he was such fun
there's a nice dummy there's a nice
tummy then you play it in and George
I'll take the free kick he's got a
player on the line but I'm gonna have to
try this alright and then
oh what a wonder stri you see that you
hit you did you hear the explosion how
am i if I don't win this game this guy
really wants to give me gold stone and
he wants to give me free kicks as well
I'm gonna fit as quick
I can answer yo bleep - first time oh no
no no no no no no no keep it starts a
toast no no I just gotta put that ma'juj
can win
Rogers come in a header against three
defenders doesn't matter though he's a
sight I don't know what to do anymore
I'm just like I've got the ball and I'm
just literally just kind of running
around and not knowing what I'm doing
they go to it in Bank first corner
Bradley's put my stuff in a ramp oh now
we have the chance doom Bo you have so
much space you have so much pace there
you go there you go there you go ah 89
minute this tonight is minute
it's the 90th minute no no no no just
one tackle yes that's it that's it
truly truly have won one eternity later
corner in the 93rd minute you know he's
gonna score Oh No Oh looking good please
doing look what he's doing
look what he's doing look how it oh
that's it it's done
golly keep running what's he gonna do
though what's he gonna Wow Wow how is
this game not over there we go there's
one winner as long as we don't get
relegated I'm kind of okay with this
season two into the draw and that's a
reality and we got the French cheese on
this time and he has a a Bundesliga team
very very generic let's go to
I'm sorry but how did he just score that
really struggling today
what are you know wait but nobody would
actually shoot there he's gotta be off
he's hostile I'm to kneel down in 12
minutes trying to say anything he's
literally opening me up he's got a man
on the line again we have to go for it
when he does that don't wait bang oh my
water touch bang pen just read come on
do you read
gimme read gimme read gimme read gimme
read Jimmy read come on red red red red
red red red red red and it's a red there
we go beautiful George best you need to
school this order he's got me into it
and I've done it ah anyone closing down
anyway how does he do that
I was he scoring this again like every
single shot he does is a ridiculous
finish where is my team on a rail like
my team is I'm getting absolutely
destroyed right now guys only got ten
men as well like dummy dummy please
please please okay okay you know what
we're gonna pull this back where is this
frickin coaster is redic croc coaster
isn't he's a joke
he is an absolute joke of a play why is
he this good I know he's good in real
life but he's not this good all right
halftime and it's five two let's think
of this reasonably I shaved your nan
argue with that logic right let's pull
this back I can forget I can get to
places like this like a make movements
but I can't school one more go and he
will be sweating his ass off
bye that's it that's it that's it that
has to be why Griezmann just need that
one more goal one more goal one there
Yahoo fuck that's like the first header
in schooling so long it's meant to be
longer Parsons died that was it that
wasn't gonna to the game
Oh thrown through gonna bus the bus I'll
just let all save everything right we
need to go right now we need to go right
now get good bullying is like a bull
it's not where is my team as well
well ladies and gentlemen we've lost
this game somehow because his is
freaking Douglas Custer's the best
player in the world oh my god what a
little dick
what a dick Moran Moran please are big
oK we've scored five four at least was
getting some coins for that yeah what a
dick
well absolutely dick he was very good
though I got either very good dick what
did I just say I mean I actually
dominated him in the end I never he only
had ten men but that is another loss
which means we cannot get the title so
now we just need to use the five games
to get two wins and a draw still don't
really have any coins left so let me
know what you want me to do let me know
how you're enjoying it thank you guys
for watching and soup let's go next
question make a rap about chicken you
spell/trap wrong I feel like such a
little loser deal that's a wrap will you
ever invent a daily vlogging channel I'm
going to answer this honestly and pretty
brutally no and it
