yo guys what's going on and today I'm
doing something a little bit different
actually one sec I'm wearing the hoodie
I shouldn't be wearing yet so basically
I'm recording this intro actually after
the day hence why I may look a little
bit tired so that actually you'll find
out what that hoodie is during this vlog
yeah I'm headed to London right now to
meet up with Bateson and film with Xbox
to do like a livestream stuff I'm
meeting up with my friend Jordan to be
filming this vlog if you don't know
George he's the guy that did this the
tradition is when someone joins the blog
they do the worm you know I've known
about that that was more embarrassing
he's been in the vlogs before he's he'll
be coming with me then we don't know
really what we're doing but we're gonna
hang around London so I guess we're
gonna see what we're doing anyway yeah
check out George in the description
below because he streams a lot on Twitch
so you can check him out on there you
can check guys Twitter and everything
like that but yeah we're going into
London let's go
I'm doing a live stream with basin and
rocket as I said earlier this just looks
like a good house yeah I don't know for
in the right place for this flight I
don't know that's like this is great
it's a graveyard
what is that I think is a bunch of wasps
okay they said they're outside the hotel
that's definitely not even together he
needed to go toilet and I need to do
what just happened how did you come to
the door so I know there's like hello
very soon I'm basically gonna go first
we need to spin the wheel yes
I apologize I'm really bad fever a - you
know there's lost 6-1 and just got
humiliated please for me we have to take
a picture and you have to post it on
Twitter that's my route today on where
we go you look like an absolute Tori boy
Tori Tori Tori super why at the end with
the why not
we are in real tourist mode today take
me on a date I wonder if we could
request like candles make sure we get
the latest time so it can be romantic
whoa well it's moving I'm so excited oh
yeah and we are going home what do you
know about it's nothing
this is doing it Wow color blue colors
right now hmm
vibrant mmm talking a lot of poetry did
you know
Big Ben's not actually the thing the
building oh yeah
did you know original fix these know
exactly when did he change it so the
moment I turned the camera off utility
use what I was trolling it's not good
big steep look at this girl's face he
didn't know it was cause big bet the
whole time really good big steep oh my
god well you know the kinds of the
distance think about your mistakes are
just made now you've seen big Steve and
we're coming to the end what do you
think of the London Eye
20 what are you 21 years you're not
telling what how come no one else is
wearing an I heart London head he's not
everyone liked it yeah but I don't think
they do absolutely no one is right I
feel like a fool
we are done they can go that day all day
it's a day oh it's nice I enjoyed that
she took you love the nose yeah Nando's
good hummus Pharma but so happy cause
it's vegetarian
yeah Vince need to get this halloumi
right I kind of a vegetarian like come
on this video gets roping keep I'm going
home I say bye it's the jords keep the
Hat if you want no I just doesn't likes
and I'm doing all right you try too hard
let's say you're gonna fall don't let
him change
you know who you are
