yah what's going on guys and welcome to
another Q&A I haven't done one of these
in a while I asked you guys on Twitter
for some questions using the hashtag
bull bag now I know you're thinking why
using this basically I'll sing on the
plane about to take off from Vegas and I
said to Luis I don't know why I pointed
days not there I said to Luis what
hashtag shall I use and you desert ball
back so I called his bluff
so now the hashtag is bull bag anyways
on with the first question what is the
craziest thing you've done while drunk I
haven't actually done too much while I'm
drunk but if I gotta be honest is
between two things the first was at a
New Year's party about like five years
ago or something I may have accidentally
peed on a minor electric fence now I
know you're thinking like what the hell
it was literally one of those really
really really weak ones that stops like
certain animals coming in so yeah I peed
on that and yeah I had a slight shock to
my nads the other ones I was drinking
with all my friends and I got a little
bit too drunk and for some reason I knew
my parents and my brother were having a
meal at another family's house within
walking distance so I walked to their
house from where I was having drinks
knocked on the door several times before
just passing out so they open the door
and I'm just lying on the floor I mean I
know that's not crazy but to me that was
yeah that was pretty bad because I made
it was about two miles I did that on my
own
stumbling very drunk to only pass out in
front of my mom and dad and their
friends that's just me I mean if any of
you have done anything let me know in
the comments silence and orange on your
head while spinning on a swegway
what was the most embarrassing moment
from your Vegas trip now I know you're
all probably expecting some like really
wild tales but to be honest for me the
most embarrassing moment I tweeted about
it might be why you're asking it was
actually on the way back it was in the
airport and I was sitting there with
frizzy in a restaurant and you know
there's no way to explain it this is
this is what happened what's this the
whole world is gonna see this are you
excited
how does it feel to me
yeah we let go we've got a go uh whoever
linked that video is just I mean it's
funny now was the last picture taken on
your phone the last picture
what I'm sorry cow it was this one which
I then ended up zooming in on this
beautiful mug Larry sure why I took that
photo using random objects in your house
proof what came first the chicken or the
egg
how do you feel about this photo oh god
here we go
there we go there's yeah they're
brilliant see this photo right it's from
a Pepsi shoot me and Toby didn't like I
won this is my celebration I poured
Pepsi on myself and I end up getting
this oh I don't like that phoney know
when JJ showed me it I honestly thought
it was a horse he only showed me the
mouth I thought it was a horse
so yeah I can't wait to be screenshot of
that even more now draw a portrait for
the fridge I'm going to draw you so how
long's this gonna take it is done oh my
god do you like it
why was love why was drooling and there
we go oh my god
I think it's disappointed invent a new
swear word and its meaning
right so the swear word that I have come
up with and I can't take full credit it
was a team effort
this word is nil all right with a silent
G and its meaning is just an absolute
tool do you know that one guy that you
just really don't like for so many
reasons all those reasons combined make
him a little it's like a less harsh way
of using like the c-word or something
act out the Little Mermaid in less than
7 seconds I love you Ariel I love you
too I'm Dutch
stop what is the most pain you have ever
endured I honestly haven't done much
that involves pain to be honest I mean
yeah I've had a few things that are like
shock pain for a second I mean I've
broken one bone in my life and that was
like a fifth metatarsal so didn't hurt
too much I think the worst I've had
which some are you are gonna like this I
think the first time my toenail fell off
and now I know al are you gonna be like
thinking about it if you don't want to
hear it cover your ears for ten seconds
and I'll explain it I playing football
while abroad right and the ball comes in
and this it's already a little bit loose
the toenail don't I know I know
you should have coverage it is and I
just kick it and it hits the end of a
tuck and Tony let's go next question
make a rap about chicken you spell/trap
wrong I feel like such a little loser
deal that's a wrap will you ever invent
a daily vlogging Channel I'm gonna
answer this honestly and pretty brutally
no and it is a reason for this firstly
it's because I don't really do enough I
spend a lot of time just here in front
of my desk secondly I don't really have
the time I can do blogs but I don't have
the time to do a whole nother channel
where I daily vlog so I mean I can vlog
more if I do more things and you know
like replace other videos instead of
like a FIFA video I could do a vlog but
it won't be daily vlogging and it
definitely won't be on another channel
I'm sorry right some basil for today I'm
sorry if this was a short Q&A I say
every time but my 1000th video is coming
up on this channel if you guys have any
special ideas that you want me to do for
a 1000 video let me know by tweeting me
also follow me on Twitter anyway so you
can know when the next Q&A is coming out
on what the hashtag is you say you guys
watching and have a good day and see you
working so why changing I'm not looking
again go guys this is the hard get is
the really gonna be lag again run I know
you want to come on for me but doesn't
mean you have to show me up it doesn't
mean you have to show me up bro oh yeah
yeah I'll seal a deal for doing the same
as last time hope you're coming off join
us with a nice little run whips a ball
in and hear what I hear
each one Iligan Oh
