yo what's going on guys and welcome to
another draft I am using it the oldest
players today my logic behind this one
right is firstly you wanted me to
secondly every time I get a legend I
don't get to use him if I get a legend
today he's gonna be the oldest player so
without further ado let's go so as I
said about legends Pele is just been
added in as well so if we can get him
today then round it up he's definitely
gonna build it right let's see who we're
gonna get the only thing I get to choose
is the formation and I'm gonna go with a
tidy little or three one two El Capitan
or time come on give me a legend give me
a legend okay oh oh okay if coentrão is
the oldest I'm gonna punch something no
Marquis who is gonna be the oldest Wow
Ronaldo is older than this guy the name
looks like 90 years old it's not bad
start Ronaldo right big position striker
who we gonna get oldest person that
doesn't leave a man 1980 why is he still
playing who are we gonna get this one
come on I'm basing it purely on my god I
don't even care 88 90 180 181 we're
using Ypres so we got Evo we've got
Ronaldo Scheider's our pcs old surely
hate for 90 85 it's 84 it Schneider give
me a pair that link to the evil please
please please I don't like there's no
point looking at them until I've seen
these date 86 84 84 it is I have no idea
who I'm even gonna get to use like right
now I could go oh Tiago's decent I might
not get to use it 92-91 I'm not gonna
get you tonight
ally young choice boy this ain't going
too well it's gonna be my guess is gonna
be pianist nama tini Oh looks the oldest
yeah I did not realize the yo-yo was
that old we're not getting chemistry
right now which is kind of whirring come
on pblpblpblpbl please awesome nd please
do the oldest please please 92 87 no 87
86 Gary this is not going well let's go
people
Bellucci surely completely forgot about
this guy what hi these are gonna be the
old people where am i we're at elections
though why am I not getting a legend
eighty eight eighty two 882 it's him
based on this I don't think I'm going to
do too well see link with anyone okay he
links to - Iran oh come on was slowly
building slowly build the team please
please please 88 88 87 81 are you mad I
just want people that link I don't care
about how good they are I just want
chemistry 1883 we get saggy knees I
don't know where now does even gonna
play okay these are all good choices I'd
rather not have big Leone's on Zee 8686
who did I just say I wanted the birthday
boy pyre
oh whoa okay okay now we get a messy or
about ways not it's gonna be Hulk isn't
it 86 86 86 out of all of them Hulk
horrible APA APA Kane is so young the
hell to run or matter easy now I really
want to play Ibrahimovic so I might have
to go with Matty weenie even even had a
legend pop up I I did this so that I
could get a legend cam in the BPL 84-84
burst him come on we got like two more
choices left you just tell just by his
pace I meant face and last one is
pointless right let me see what manager
I can get as well I don't know how I
okay who looks the oldest just cuz he's
balding we're gonna go with Lima right
let me see what I can do
and there it is we have nothing we I
mean I mean we have like Ebro is playing
on a 7 a.m. we have Y on a 7 kill matter
we don't a 9 the defense is seem solid
so we're gonna see how it goes we're
gonna bring one outer one straight away
let's go draft right someone told me not
to look okay so I'm not gonna look at
his team they said you might have more
confidence if you don't so I'm not
looking you guys can see it right now
either it's amazing or it's not and I
might have a chance can I look now can
good night can I look okay sorry about
that make let's try this out lads ebrill
you're a man you're a man yet
man was a B Brooke e bruh ebrill
Ibrahimovic when you plan on the left
side thanking you oh I meant turning and
then chops again ad Vanessa's white a
little bit of a little bit oh no no no
no no don't give me that bull give me
that ball right Jonas Jonas he's off his
line just I why didn't I love it no no
no no no no no no and chop sure that's
fine Ibrahim Oh bitch wait that was the
wrong person you had like three teeth ah
give me the ball back
look how many players he has back look
look look you don't oh there we go
that's a chop the top side is upside is
me turn us then they got it it's all
good change your name from emoji you
ain't MLG you listen to me this is it
45th minute 45th minute Abra's in there
what a blow
you had to ruin the fun I mean this game
is very mad oh my god he has Ronaldo I
completely forgot to bring my man out of
one why not little ball yeah give it are
you
please let's go oh that counts that
counts I had the ball who do I take up
you know what Jonas I'm sorry I know
Jonas is good but he's not Ronaldo right
matter et Matuidi you know what turn
back
yep and then put it in one more b-boy
ybody
I'm literally owning this guy so much
but I got score again Jonas with a
school that we need yeah that's what all
the comments are saying now all right
let's actually end the game now pass it
there positi bruh Oh bro you more how
how is it how is he saving everything
Ibrahimovic hustling dummy go no we are
you what and then just finesse that into
the please can I please just get on I
got leave it leave it leave it
I know I'm still winning but it's the 88
minute if I don't win this game this is
the pure joke blue blur it oh oh look at
that the strength the gone don't go to
nil game done absolutely dominated
second game I mean I got all the way to
the final with the worst rape the team
so truly this team should be that I'm
doing it again I'm not looking because
it seemed to work last time I didn't
actually know his team now we play I've
already seen Neymar okay team looks
quite good stop focusing on his team
Simon II's paused in seven minutes in
that just reminded me no what no
actually I might take whole Cup Hulk
you're coming off and ronaldo's coming
on trying something different first
touch
there's your first touch second touch
the third touch but there's a goal and
Jonas got the sister so I'm just saying
just saying this next Alex Ferguson
right oh okay oh oh
ebrill this is where you should be
useful no Ronaldo run away for now - run
away stop this stop this run Oh hohohoho
your run ain't as good as mine why do I
say these things just to come back to
bite me look they're gonna bite me in
the ass here yeah get rid of it Jonas
where's your place where's your place
where's your place
wait that's a no the boss was so close
to working he's passing it down we all
know he is weak we all know yeah make it
tacky make it make a tackle my god ah go
Mario gasp ah you know what sometimes
are just going nor the football just got
a wiffle ball in and hit it in ha ha
saggy DS even he's surprised the guy's
eyebrows are 2 nil up just a fourth time
oh no oh no oh no oh yeah yeah I mean
it's not dessert but I'm about only
those stats are lying
see there's one and we've each had two
hahahahahaha you mug you monkey went for
the header what a mug oh no oh no oh no
idiot that's not I I honestly didn't
press anything you know what now he's
one of these I'm not even sorry he is
very very attacking right now and I love
it
until he scores then I don't love it so
much like that like that my life this
guy is getting a little bit too much you
know until full pen pen thank you
yeah now it's my turn come on ypres
don't make the mistake he did and
somehow not oh it was a little bit of a
boom there we go 4-1 done I mean I can
get another one if you want I get it
yeah you know what yeah we'll get other
one I will get another nice round number
5 isn't it there it is round 2 done
ignore the stats right we know they lie
again nothing to say in this bit we just
move straight into the next game it's
working so why changing I'm not looking
again just go guys this is the hard gate
is there really gonna be lag again run I
know you want to come on for me but
doesn't mean you have to show me up it
doesn't mean you have to show me up bro
oh yeah oh yeah I'll feel it oh dear
putting the same as it was last time
hope you're coming up join us with a
nice little run whips a ball in and here
but I hear more bitch 1 nil again Oh
DRD also don't a playmaker play we got a
game today thanking you thank you you
ebrill there you go there you go please
we please her back and take a touch
Ronaldo
if I could have had anyone I'd ask for
Ronaldo there getting some nice play
right now yeah you know you are but you
didn't school that there you go there
you go to touch and my GED there we go 2
1 we can definitely win this but I'm not
saying we will I got a free kick all
right I'll take free kick I'll take a
free kick with Yaya touré
that's what iíve got ypres got ran out
up there it is half-time and we're
winning
I mean if we win we're in the final
that's all I need is just a win pass it
out okay right here we go here we go
here we go there's a touch ad bull pen
we got a pen de bruh I've begged you
score I beg you score this there's the
Bears great pen oh no stop this there's
ago there's what oh he had that Jordi
Alba there tell you what Jonas even
though he hasn't scored many goals has
been a key part of my team I'm happy
that I realized the mistake I made by
taking him on for one there you go
finish this game off Ebro finish it off
finish that there we go 5-1 now it is
game over holy sugar ran out of six won
in the semi-final just end the game
there we go into the final lads
you know stats don't lie in this game
team whatever happens I said it last
time you've done well I'm proud of all I
haven't looked for any of the others and
I'm not gonna start now let's go guys
just get the ball and just play smart
sorry how can I even really touch the
ball but right now the team works there
you go these nobody meets do that I
didn't actually mean the pass it ran out
it was completely through o e bruh Abram
run it oh wait wait no one would think
that Ronaldo check the guy out as well
it's a one too many touches ebrill where
are you a brother you are ibrahim are
know I'd never forgive this go ahead as
on your own you're actually on you're on
you're on your own
you know what there you go that I took
that one touch too wide again going to
the back post this time further out
further up follow
what's a header and yet still saving it
easily ah
ah bail we all know where you're turning
and I haven't stopped it
oh no no no no no why do I always pass
there and I don't know why Jonas Jonas
Jonas you know what he's a striker
with a pool in darkness chonus please
eat you now went out every now that
Ranaut ever now though I need you as
well give me keys only hope not even all
you have to do is take your freaking
foot out and now it's 45th minute and
his saggy knees player of the tournament
ah grunts I deserve to be winning as
well I just got squad and ah don't tell
me my team's gonna just start being
really really badly organized I can't
but I hope I can't play with this god no
no no no no no from there Mario guess
what they look lower I'm not even on
attacking I'm not even on attacking and
he's gay yeah there we go to new I'm not
even on attacking them I play as a gone
come on another come on monado come on
now I need you more I need you now I
need you now it's not my game one of
them ones oh it's kind of like why does
he do I did it okay there we go good
okay never mind
it is there
there it is there it is there it is run
boom tor we're back baby how defensive
is he playing now jeez look at it okay I
need to stop his momentum stop the
momentum get rid that's all that's not a
pedal Dee's shit well he scored this
penalty because I dropped my freakin
control and I can't find a battery where
they have that where's the other battery
gone there's a goal yet is scored it and
it yep oh my god
I can't find a frickin battery fuck's
sake Thank You Josh
and now I've lost the game please be off
please be off it that's it that's the
game that's the game there
why have I lost this game there it is
fucking out was stupid freaking game
this guy was so bad as well I don't even
want this stupid pack oh god that's the
one game I actually could have won as
well wait I finally get into the final
with a draft team and that happens
brilliant brilliant absolutely brilliant
sprit I'm done begging us watching at
SIA
oh my god it's one of those days I know
last time it went really really well but
this time a draw and a loss to start we
actually might be facing a relegation
battle this time another horrible dbl
team run Griezmann I'm bagging a in Oh
flaming gorge burst Oh Oh saggy knees
right saggy knees
