what's going on guys welcome to another
very best we are in Division one last
episode was very sad because we could
have won the league we could have we
could have ended it there but we didn't
why is this still down we bought so last
time and as I said I didn't have any
coins left to buy anyone else now that
doesn't mean we don't have anything to
do right now as it is Easter was
yesterday EA have given us some free
packs and that could be a huge thing in
this series first up we have the Premium
Gold players pack I'm not really
expecting anything here we get a o mare
we get it with yellow man but now we
have a 50 K pang and this this is a huge
op Lee's give me someone good give me
someone I could use blue economist sell
him like he's a very good play doesn't
fit into my teams he kind of does oh no
no I can't use any of these players
screw it we'll keep everything if you
guys want me to put any of these players
in let me know in the comments below but
for now we go back into Division 1
you've got a drawer last time we need to
win two of these games today as I said
we got us the last fans are welcome to
the squad you bug-eyed widow let's go
Division one so at this point my camera
decided to stop working
I did actually realize about halfway
through the second game so I have
facecam from then on anyway back to the
games uh so straining why what the hell
is this is gonna green come on great oh
come on cradle where we get I guess it
isn't he hasn't come to me I'm gonna
ball it boom that's a good effort friend
oh no stop it
oh so lucky check is a lanky more fucker
hi big chance big jobs positive cousin
easy boss oh dear don't don't let's go
join em get cook don't let on don't ever
I see but worth it across how oh my god
oh my days
flame Virgo that's a horrible ball that
is a horrible but what Oh
alright let's say that would say that Oh
No
what a bad touch man on the line quick
quick there we go keV got a man on the
line surely surely he can't score this
stop changing stop changing your we're
always going quick that's why no we're
fine halftime well this has been
eventful thing is I know I can win this
one if this moment eat me he fucked up
oh no no oh come on you're completely
through oh it is he is actually he's
actually bringing his donkey pen thank
you please George Fez
are you serious this is from his pen
away this is my pen away that is what
the hell so I let me get it straight
I hit the part doesn't go in he hits the
bar scores a phenomenal goal I need this
I need this
you're so we go we're back in this go go
go go go go go go go go Ally ball okay
little bit why didn't I take a touch
I'll just stop it just stop just stop it
please
this is it are you serious I said this
is it and you pass it to his goalkeeper
oh my god is one of those days I know
last time it went really really well but
this time the drawing a loss to start we
actually might be facing a relegation
battle this time
another horrible BPL team run Griezmann
um back it up
Oh Flaming Gorge bear stop don't saggy
knees right saggy knees the plant will
play slower blows long and boom it would
NT what lads I am NOT getting an arm
winning but I am NOT getting chances and
this is where I realized my camera
wasn't working
no no how is that possible I actually
can't believe it I can't I can't I'm
dumbfounded by myself oh my god
half-time in the second game and I
realized my camera has stopped working I
don't know what to do I don't I don't
know what to do right now
I mean I'll have already edited it
somehow please play up okay and then
turn in and then George best devious
he's absolute genius
I gotta try and get enough stuff right
now to make up for not having a camera
look how many players I've got there
look at this book what something those
meant to be a dummy
get the ball give me the book
turn it turn it Wahb boom why laughing
that's just drill it into the area
didn't see that one coming again teacher
grows one horrible touch Oh No why does
he keep going for these long shots when
he has like three people attacking and
I'm not joining up make you wanna knock
johnner John ob8 not like as good as
this guy is he ain't the best attacking
George best oh my days water pool
yes gone contact touch Conan Conan cut
eyes red he's done very he's defended
very very well there you can't deny it
I'm on the more water wall please
plus I better pass I meant to pass but I
oh my god oh my god oh my there we go
three no just mad you don't need to
comment right now about how bad I am a
day or two saying that all the comments
are gonna be about the camera anyway are
you getting your blimp through again
again again again and pass across up
there was so many those far those one
got in the way but there was a lot of
people behind that whip up all in this
before there to ball keepers out
anything not even a shrug I mean it's a
matter really does it I don't know how
many for now guys this is this has been
absolutely horrific for him and there it
is full-time I mean the fact that starts
with that even and I won for Neil I
don't know how but I'm not gonna
complain that is one win at once war one
loss in Division one so many ones but
yeah as again as I said I'm sorry for
the camera you guys let me know who you
want me to buy don't really how many
coins right now I'm sure I can
is through and sell a few players thank
you guys for watching ship the desert
sword and see I didn't see a Spanish
right don't don't have a go at me stop I
mean at least I'm getting some coins
from these from just discarding everyone
but it's gonna come in handy later on
when team of the season comes out but
