ah why am I doing this why am i opening
these hundred k-pax is a lightning round
right now before I start with in these
packs okay just one you guys to know
isn't my only video today I do have
another Ultimate Team going up later
today so yeah two videos in one day so
this one it might be a bit short I don't
know until I've edited it so you already
know
anyways packs these were out yesterday
I'm opening some of these I know I'm not
going to get anything first up we have a
free 50k pie so let's just get the bad
luck out of the way right now with this
one and then hopefully in the hundred
k-pax we'll actually get some good plays
so told you get the bat he's alright but
now we get the good players at 100k pack
because now EA gonna reward me and grace
a sit you know what dies a good player
he could have got a lot worse
Royston oh no they all know exactly as
good as I wanted it to be but you know
you got it you got to build up now we
get an 87 rated boom Matic why the
that's not that's not upgraded go with
it ball I will take him I told you in 86
it wasn't an 87 bit it was an in-form
now we get a higher rated in form or
another if Bob just no higher rated but
it's to informs in a roll I'm actually
you just realize though that none of
these are getting 100k back like those
two in forms are not good enough to get
100k and now we're getting Navis no
silver 88 rated we're going up we'll
take it and we get the in form again is
our position change as well I'm not
gonna take him just because I think it
is these packs have actually been pretty
decent like I've got two three in forms
one of them was the same at 88 and 86
and the others at 88 and a new club
again daddy make these things these
bikes are sick Odin Gutierrez look a lot
and where's the last one was the worst
the 88 rated bold spirit will just carry
it on window is seeing how many we can
get we are just gonna carry on until we
get some of the best play
my heart stopped my heart stopped just
then I thought Deemer is sick but I
thought mess actually messes a
right-winger today I haven't even looked
at team of the week I just realized okay
so we've got one one out of the starting
eleven right now I want to get I want to
make sure I either get a Buffon a
fàbregas or an egg wine or a Pogba then
I'll be happy damn summon back at it
again with the hunter k-pax we are back
into the store I woke up Cavani don't
give me a stupid Cavani I know he's 85
rated but he's shit these bags aren't
going down this is worrying this is
gonna be another one of those days where
I end up spending way too much money to
get suck please come on someone I always
get catty Nia one vimini oh this is the
one really I'm not gonna look and then
in three two one boom no nothing not
really
nothing Mascherano give me one of the
good informs I don't want another Thiago
Silva as long as I'm getting an 88 rated
player though I'm happy but I wouldn't
mind an 88 rated inform that goes by the
name of Papa huh the luck has
disappeared come on yeah give me
something god no eighty-eight rate it's
late so I didn't see I didn't see a
Spanish you're right don't don't have a
go at me stop I mean at least I'm
getting some coins from these from just
discarding everyone but it's gonna come
in handy later on when team of the
season comes out but we dug who wants
please like please please get another
inform Barker just spent coins Oh God
why I just said it's not Stephen goods
worn in form that's not infinii
what I don't like I don't rate it you
might be sick in real life but in this
game I don't like playing with it's a
pity but it's true ah the packs are
finally going the pack they're finally
finally going and so is my patience oh
look dude two more packs after this and
then I'm gonna have to call it a day so
norisse I will have another video later
by the way today will be an Ultimate
Team so yeah don't think this is my only
video today dani alves under Lori's
ground okay as I said this is my second
last pack I haven't gotten in for so
long
Sergio biscuits my best blend okay and a
pecan of erotic this is the final pack -
might wanna stand it up
why am i step player boom Goro please
agüero we will take it as well as our
final player oh he's over on GK actually
made a profit not over all I know oh did
I just did I slip and open another one
with coins I think yeah I'm definitely
ending their module I mean modules is
good I'm expecting an inform I don't
know why I'm still opening packs damn my
addiction I have bought more fever
points just over one final one now I am
officially done okay that is the final
packet I'm buying today I've spent too
much money and got nothing I mean I've
got 86 ratings I've got a couple 88
she's got 3 informs a little terrible as
I said there will be another video later
today two videos in one day I know I
love thought will go for two now just
just do it Josh don't send - it's
exactly fun
just just do it just do it wait would
you explain yeah it's a fart so I'm just
a bit worried about these
