mary easter everyone and welcome to
another video on this channel which is
to do with Easter somehow I don't know
it's another excuse flag is it really is
me pickle both doing Easter video so you
can check his out in the description or
his channel Josh isn't concerned until
he's done to how this works is there are
ten pieces of paper all numbered as you
can see if there are five cremates
and five normal eggs these guys are
going to randomly place them under these
wall about the room and I'm going to go
through and I'm going to have to find
all five cream eggs and I don't stop
until I do if I find it all real legs
first and I'm going to get five eggs on
my head and then well I know up to the
rest alternatively I could find all five
three eggs first and then I bestowed is
that there would be really bad bunny
right every real ID I'm making Eagle
five or ten times I think you might
drown in egg GU cream egg get my stuff
right so I'm going to leave the room and
these guys are going to randomly play
some time and give us 5x if it'll help
me have another job up in the cupboard
activate them all eggs if you thought
you saw us again please get to fun Logan
will lose and you'll make okay let's
triple load number seven like you do
pick seven senses junkie number do you
think all will you or will he know that
we know like reverse I can't you'll go
to my life I've lost count of how many
eggs and how many cream eggs are anymore
this one you know is that we could you
get was way too much control behind a
lid welcome to the house of fun it
doesn't look fun so once I find five
cream aches it's done what gets forgot
per one air there's any for what would
you do that honestly bro sort of minders
are said well I bet all excited
and I realize after five you know you
might not first number I'm gonna choose
now Oh see I'm born in the seventh no
I'm seeking would they put us in heaven
with the present or something me number
seven
really and I'm thinking for why do you
tell me numbers i was 5-9 nice right
yeah it's all gonna shout nine up this
one no I feel that I've been given the
honest way too many times I'm more
professionally
I'm scared nervous I'm big it barely
cracked I know that's that's my biggest
fear as an edge tracker given my line of
work as an egg cracker it worries me
about the line of national you ready I
mean yes fit I go yeah oh that's a good
crap oh oh the sweat sloppy salad slop I
actually hurt a little bit you know good
fuckin ball where that came from this
brilliant hi he's off to a great start
extra megabyte benign upside down is a
for why do you better go you go before
yeah well for some happens we can we can
toss a coin for it yes that's a coin
talk that's going fast between me and
you 1v1 Engel you know our son picked
I'll let him call and if you get it you
call it right then yeah go to my head
you call it wrong it goes on your head
I'm gonna doing bad I'm feelin bad tails
never fails
okay ready ready tails
ah
play it back oh that's flowers and it
that like spray I have one bag
105 105 right kind of stings it does
other things I remember for will go for
two now just just throw up don't send to
Italy sacrifice jobs just do it just do
it
wait would you explain yeah it's a lot
so I'm just a bit worried darling no I
honestly I don't think you put minion
but I honestly don't did you put have
you honestly I liked each other side
moment I don't a to be nice and friendly
okay yeah in getting kills okay nice
with friendly oh it wasn't as hard as
mix it was right your office wow it was
juicy
this is making a mess of Matt can we
please get some cream at right one
jumped I don't tell me high-definition
whoa Greg does too another one right
yeah so you've got to free mozzarella
ever either either but you said three
more to go
you guys you're finally now got free
never been happier to see I'm so happy
like he's five years already ahead even
five crew mates like that should be a
punishment can I lift this one if you
want to yeah like it's gonna make a
difference
I mean I like they can be collateral
damage here I'm gonna do this
softly okay right that does not work oh
why is this such a thing
I don't know Dan you had to put your
feet let's just go let's just speed this
letter yeah okay
bang 10 yes one more one more
which one which one which one five six
so you know what you know I want you to
do I want you to give me a number and
I'll choose whether the stick of it I'm
gonna test your bluffing game here six
I would rather throw that the six is
given this sense of it was just tripled
in my nose I would get the seven because
we're gonna give you a good present
lovely realistically this has more logic
so I'm gonna go fix six are you sure you
okay check you really should seven imma
do it in a second why my concern for you
first see what you could have won but
what about I like just do six
come on open seven it was your birthday
and just to clear it up there full
forward yeah I mean we did look like
three Meg's in at least at least you've
got that oh if we were putting four key
bags I would be terrible to around with
you every I know I did everything anyway
you guys I hope you liked my Chilton
look if alot about me the other weakens
you know happy right so that's all for
the egg or no egg challenge just that
name just came up now that all eggs that
just watch just read it Oh anyway be
sure to check out Biggs video as I said
it earlier and also josh's channel nah
but but everyone watch the day you got
to watch it and see it oh sure I'm one
nail up with two minutes again I mean
let's see if we can actually make him
quit I'm not like holding out for
anything like that but it would be
pretty nice but I know this is gonna be
a much harder game than the last one Oh
sterling blazer please be on please be
on yawn I was off
okay thanks I fucked out bat whoa oh yes
yes
