yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to another foot draft now you guys have
asked me to do this one and I don't know
why I struggle with the draft okay I did
the tournament a couple of days ago one
at first time every time I do the draft
I lose in the second round you wanted me
to do with the lowest rate of team so
I'm gonna do it and just get it out the
way because this is the hardest one for
me so here we go lowest rated draft the
only there I get to choose is the
formation and we are gonna kill me this
one I so I have to pick the lowest rated
player which means I get to choose
between these two I hate you guess I'm
gonna go with sterling no idea why
alright here we go this is this is where
we go now now we can see lowest rated
player Milito go what have I put myself
in for why have I done this this is so
Ronaldo I saw in forum voice and I saw
him for Neymar and I have to choose
fucking hot Balan I just want one where
there isn't a bad player please come out
okay could buy or Garcia can buy my link
you would fit some nicely but we have to
choose the lowest rated player huh 80
rated oh we get a choice finally we'll
make sure Khedira hasn't late we're
going florenzi right well we can for
centre-back lowest rated player is
debris we got some links not the
deodorant either we have good links
right now we are oh wait that's more
links below we're getting Christmas
present from aunts and uncles right now
with the amount of links again I hope
some of you got that joke oh yes I know
I can't use him or him or whatever but
Sorrentino with the links give me the
honor what we else will get once again
we just want a left back right now
oh he could link see I could take a
letter or a store oh no wait I didn't
even see the A's why did he have to be
there Oh No why is there is that one why
am i finding it hard to figure out which
the lowest one is it's the biggest at
another team of the year with your
punches and we're not gonna replace
Cabaye of Madeira unless you get someone
even better which we don't oh ok depart
just a good striker now
good strike ah ah use them in my
ultimate team series now he's good
there's I'll take any strike as we can
three positions left we yeah 77
all right I said we're gonna take
strikes if you can were taken in
regardless of this pace right last one
please a right winger okay 75 rates that
Amit let me see what I can do with this
I told you I didn't want to do this look
at this horrible team 80 chemistry 80 go
right back playing left back our left
wing up front a right mid right wing I
know I could play a striker the right
wing but there's no chemistry there we
may as well just try to see if we can
get anywhere right this guy's got a
guest I don't know if that's gonna
hinder me or just slur my words well I
mean it's a good challenge I guess let's
try this out come on worst rated team
got put in but bring Sully fish up there
we go
one nil Volland with the bicycle scissor
kick two minutes in and I'm winning
ignore the fact one of them isn't
playing actually no he is he's playing
why is Memphis white fully white as well
he's not like oh hello Khedira
Kabir what personally why is he there
secondly why is he missing don't blame
again good Memphis Memphis please why am
I not where's that that was a shot run
sterling run run run run run
what what is this someone must get
deposit posit
bomb Poland Poland you are gave too many
chances to miss I know useful it is a
kick for don't start thinking you're
sick
wait second when was he on the pitch he
has not had a brim of it on this entire
time as it if the next guy is good there
is no way that I am winning because
right now this guy is not good but oh no
oh no
watch it yeah got it my players struggle
to even control the ball he's off he's
up no he's not he's not he's up
oh no no gap you just brought me off
well turns out that this guy is actually
a bit better than I thought he was
I'm Memphis Memphis this is all you all
you baby oh you when I say you offsides
that's a good ball though from Memphis
you see the way he just palmed it off
the defender wait turn em turnin all
right coming come on
Oh break it cross how is he say food
that was Oh that'll work it can
definitely win this game Memphis is my G
he's my G he's what there we go that's
why he's my G Bull endures well with two
goals all right maybe I do have a chance
I mean I deserve to be winning I just
need to finish this game off Borland
Borland lays it back take such better in
but why is my left back there even as a
left back why is he not scoring that I
mean it's telling sterling you JIT I
turn the wrong way
that's a foul oh no I literally just
that was my chance why you not tackling
him no no no no no no no no no no don't
know me bro he brought a book come in
come here little samurai whoa oh there
we go you see that you see that Farsight
there you go look at that and then who
is this Memphis Memphis with them for
this with the pass I mean I meant blast
please be on please be on please be on
good bye oh he's too slow anyway but it
was a better boom Valen mate you scored
a scissor kick you scored a right foot
all you have to do is that but no now
I'm gonna carry on Singh is sweating my
ass off just a win
I'm Memphis Memphis buzzer costly please
do you have to scream common cut
honestly how am I gonna beat another
person I live in a see if I beat there
this person because he could literally
school right now and it's over no no no
no change
you go what is that for a ball
oh it's one florenzi all right back
again y-you see there but who cares
right now sterling come on where's your
energy where's your energy yet you're
going to be my captain and you don't
have any energy
you win it come on florenzi florenzi
come bang them kind of and there it is
we've won the first round somehow and
don't even say I didn't deserve it look
at that
I mean I'm gonna play the same team
imagine if this is the team that I
actually want the drop I've won it
normally but I've never won it with any
superstition or certain stat being
chosen opponent numero dos wow there's
so many colors right here we go let's
try this out with try and team press in
possession everything we're just trying
to win any way we can and I mean it's a
good start
it's a very good start it's a very good
start come on it went in I'm one nil up
with two minutes again I mean let's see
if we can actually make him quit I'm not
like holding out for anything like that
but it would be pretty nice but I know
this is gonna be a much harder game than
the last one
Oh sterling blazer please be on please
be on yon light was off
okay thanks a fucked up bat whoa oh yes
yes I never score those what
that's ridiculous two nil up in the
second game please just please make this
easier for yourself and for me please
quit now - nil up in 12 minutes what's
he doing oh no he's making subs what's
he doing what's he doing he's he's
taking off trap for the hail it's an odd
one to do but you know what we not we're
not focusing on that would go for a
third go b√ºlent followed with the third
it's not worth paying me just leave now
take that bullet whoa actually maybe he
made the right decision by making a
substitute goalie the deer are Khedira
don't take such a side Volant near pose
to finish the game
are you serious are you freaking you
serious that could have ended the game
you might quit what alright he's finally
realized that his players are very good
we made it a hard time but it's only
three one it should have been more he is
definitely on attacking right now all
he's very attacking I don't know what
what attacking he's on but he's on
something
he's on oh no he's just got so many
players I know he's only got 11
what oh I know he's any what I love him
it feels like more no no no no three two
oh my god let pass come on pass Valen
run full of run okay please be on your
own side nods at Memphis it's a horrible
first touch by Memphis Memphis Memphis
Memphis playing go go stalling that's
the end the game how is he saving that
come on please gonna I never ever ever
school corners I can get that close
still don't score why are you pausing
again this is it this is actually it
this is it come on no no no no ref ref
Memphis I said the game we've done it
we're into the next round
there it is we're into the semi-final
with the worst rated team oh close game
but he just wasn't clinical enough I
mean what you want me to say here right
now we're not changing anything are we
right let me see yeah there we go that's
why I swear I was over the hundred cam a
Ronaldo Bale kind of team this is the
kind of game where I cry ah let's just
do my best that's all my mom said I
could do come on come on could buy good
bite they're all catching you they're
catching you just strike it Casillas is
he's why why does everyone pause oh yeah
he's brought on Naima as you do oh god
yeah there you go take such Volant
volunteers og followed it up other
indeed do you want to not do you want to
not make joining up what the hell man I
was he getting that cause I've done it
yet stay down Danny playing some nice
foot wisely though even though even
though my team is terrible the plan
sterling sterling sir
or are you oh darling that's more like a
captain Claremont lay low there and oh
that's a big tackle gon play pass pass
and then hook and then sterling sterling
again sterling again sterling how did
you save that one rosin down right there
is something that's half time I think
okay that was bad but there we go half
time maybe not deserved but it doesn't
matter right now we are headed to the
final Memphis Memphis blue that's a
great ball Valen come on man you need to
score those oh no oh no oh no oh no
shouldn't be letting that happen guys
come on sterling is there although Oh
sterling you are you are doing a
captain's performance today Boland is
doing more of like a jackhammer
performance Memphis is also putting on a
performance but why we getting like now
we're getting like right sterling
sterling you captain G boom goodbye 3-1
where's where is my team you know what
goodbye just go for it that was a good
effort stop him stop him stop him stop
keeps not really sure what just happened
there oh no no no no no turning back we
all not old he actually did me they gave
me that oh this pot is ISA is lost it is
lost at three one five minutes left just
a simple one twos rounded and then
Khedira misses that the easiest chance
of huddle game I think it's over now I
think it's over it's the 90th minute
it's damp yeah it's definitely of a 93rd
minute we have done it who would've
thought that we would be in the final
with the worst rated team even if we
lose right now lads I just want to say
it's been a great run that's sterling
I'm extremely proud picking up this
performance the pike great performances
the rest of you well done and we have
another player with a guest and his team
is the best team we face on for 78
chemistry though somehow this could be a
struggle let's just do my best as I
always say oh we have an early chance my
buzz what a save novice red that is red
that way yes I'm at the key why can't I
actually at the target I'm learning how
he's playing and
I don't know I feel like I might be able
to do this you know yep
brilliant that's the goal that I can see
that is the first time I am losing in
this whole tournament and it's to that
the problem is his team is actually just
too good like regardless of how I play
his team is actually just a little bit
too good how is that game through to hit
uh there's a great safe certainty that I
have no idea hunger win this guy's I'm
one no down and I don't look like I'm
gonna score and that when that don't
name do again do not let him do it he's
just scored again it's just fricking
scored again from those shitty free
kicks oh we've lost we've lost in the
final we've actually got all the way to
the final to lose the two stupid free
kicks I have no idea what to do do I go
attacking I mean I may as well
realistically might not because I have
to win by this is it lost jobs lost
shots cut or is that for a ball how is
he broke in that that just end the half
and a half right now end up frickin half
unless you want to give me unless you
wanna give me one more chance unless you
just wanna just wanna give me this one
chance one chance
shocking book absolute shockable there
we go half time I deserve to be losing
I've been absolutely destroyed this guy
is very good at not letting me have
anything but anything at all and then he
yes look what's ready get away he just
backs off pass it now pass go sterling
sterling play through please
boom why am I taking that first time I
need a goal badly blues to do a that is
a shocker this game has been very very
uneventful and I am sorry sorry that you
barely see anything of this game but
just I don't I don't know what he's
doing but somehow there's nothing
there's nothing and then he just get
these odd chances like that and then
outlook you almost scored how am I going
into the final and getting shat on oh we
finally have a chance we finally have a
chance
oh my god I fucked up again up I'm
messing this game up I mean I see it as
there's no point oh my god what is he
doing what if he'd scored that I think I
might just quit some reason my centre
back is here you know what you know what
my centre back is their only player
doing what and there it is ladies and
gentlemen we've lost in the final three
one is a good run very very good run
considering that was the worst rate of
team it's just so freaking annoying I
got that far and didn't win let's see
our prize then guys we get a gold
players back in a Premium Gold players
pack ah let's just see it come on show
me where you got for me show me what you
got show me the money we get San Jose
now we get these I think I had one
anyway from E's foot birthday thing but
let's just skip these we get Alva's okay
shocking again and final pack we get and
to end the entire video it is okay for
story a full rated will take that that
is all for today then you guys watching
this draft and see it I've lost I've
lost he's missed 88 finit last chance go
what are you serious that was it that
was what that's it
that's what that's what I hope over
that's that was it oh my god
oh my back teeth are falling out so well
I'm not saving this panel yeah my I
ain't saving this didn't even get my
control
