do you see that you see that yeah I've
pulled out the sham pack nee why you ask
because if we win both games today we
win divisional one obviously it's very
unlikely because I don't normally win
two in a row but it is possible got the
Blazer run I've got champagne and you
guys have let me know who to buy you
said uh till you set up graded out so as
well which I can't really I could afford
him maybe can i oh I can't afford him ei
have also given us this free pack so
we're gonna open it now and imagine if
we got a nut so let's see what we get
and summoners we already had him them we
can't even sell him what's the point of
him I mean we got Arteta and Peru so
they fit a french team in a BPL team so
it wasn't a bad pack so BPL team is
gonna be up first this is a big moment
guys team we're gonna have to face that
stands in the way is in Argentinian
squad with Messi ag√ºero and acquainted
em as bloody fantastic I don't focus on
that Simon focus on the positives we've
done so well for our first attempt at
Division one ah okay keep skeezix
oh okay this guy's pretty good oh my he
is very good me he loves a good cross
why am i heading that why am i not
letting it go right counter ah come on
do me a please all right you know what
he crosses it I can cross it back pose
to George best where is it oh boy we're
winning we're winning get it ready lads
slice it's not gold oh we're doing well
we do well with don't know I didn't need
to do that oh we see a chance we see a
chance come on come on go go you know
what nipples live us it was that we're
doing well right now but how long can I
hold on to this oh no I told you not
long no no keep never in a million years
did I expect to be in this position here
what we got for a second Chris we got
rid of us he said the post oh no this
guy loves his wings he loves his wings
e200
none of these no score and it's fine oh
no what did I just say I said as long as
these are scoring it's fine I mean ECOT
score there Gary boom oh no oh no no no
no no tackle great tackle let's go key
lots of Springs more than Jay Jay he
loves as we put here is mystic that
wasn't racist by the way Jay Z actually
loves chicken wings oh no oh no it's a
bird it's in the 45th minute I would
have thought out a gun in get rid get
rid Gary Gary in five minutes good day
whole time but time that's it at least I
thought that was it I thought that was
there thought it was a pen no that one
was a pen that one actually I know I
always call for pens that one was I
don't deserve this but who cares oh my
where is my team where is my teamwork
where are you where you stop him stop
though no no no yes yes check oh no oh
no oh no oh boys girls 100 drawer isn't
good enough
oh my god get away fascicles
run George run please such things I says
a good touch is it you know what banging
across that is a ridiculous safe there
you go there you go take that and for
this you little brick lemon and first up
shoot just just George I don't know how
this is happening how I'm willing but
when things are meant to go right things
go right when things are gonna go wrong
they can really really really go wrong
like that what the loser is for you sir
how was that I hate this stupid kickoff
thing we're just go for it we just go
for the old crosses the old young the
old young crosses that really helped
Boom Bang how was it saving that George
best you can score that it's a deist a
minute and I have to win so I may as
well just go we'll attack there's no
point in drawing but then again there is
no point in losing as well I know
really don't want to lose I'll sit
posture posture back paws away right pus
com play can't play cup what are you
doing where is my team Oh No I've lost
the lads I've lost I've lost he's missed
88 the minute last chance go
what are you serious that was it that
was what that's it that's why that's my
title hope / that's that was it oh my
god Wow the batteries are falling out so
well I'm not saving this penalty am i I
am saving this didn't even get my
control on boys the jacket is off so
close
no if I had arts or would've won this
one is very tired but he's only 22 K so
we're gonna get him right now it's time
for the French we're back into Division
1 for the first game of the season need
to win let's see what kind of team we're
gonna get the game to game 2 we get a
good Bundesliga team I here we go game -
Oh what is going on here what's I don't
know what's happening right now yeah I
ask for one thing and that was just an
easy game after you broke my heart I
judge best go and do your team do your
team right where we go oh I'll play them
in they look at that wait wait how's the
back that is absolutely sure if I'm on
Griezmann I need you to pick up side
going back
why doing that oh my days he is just
carving through my defense I just can't
do anything in this game last game like
even though I was like deserving to lose
I was still getting chances games just
nothing alright now we can have a go
gone and then boom brick that's a power
you sort you see what Larry spoiler I
beg you just make that up beg someone
makes a tackle get rid don't know why
posit why are you running away someone
please just take control of this that
you I've that's come on one of these is
gonna go in and then I've lost a 45th
minute free-kick and up move across move
across move look the other way be move
move why are you not moving God keep
moving keep my job there you go keep us
got that I've had one shot he deserves
to be destroying my anus run Pyatt run
no no no no alright yeah he's read that
but you can't stop it you can't stop it
gun what what why call me why can't we
okay you know what that's that's good
enough that's a shock I don't care if I
don't deserve to win as long as I win
where is my midfield right now where is
it where's where's mommy field greater
that's mine that's my ball and that's
gonna be it that's gonna be adult there
it is don't that's the goal he's been
waiting
ah there's there's nothing I could do
like I'll go attacking right let's try
this corner one wicket in there there's
the pie it ball in boom good effort pass
it in go on tick touch and then bite one
how were you saving that oh my god he's
just held off about five of our players
run through don't come on man come on
come on come on come on way to get where
we go here we go oh there we go there we
go we're actually showing a bit promise
showing a bit product then just where do
I go George best do not let me down now
do not let me down now we've gone top
lap stupid
oh and there's game number two that I
have lost today lads how was it quick
quick
okay pass it okay you know what this is
our last job get a draw may be very very
maybe that's a big of a big maybe good
son good pie it right but lose the one
but loose one old there it is 100 yeah I
know what is it's not a good start but
it's a draw as long as we're not losing
we're on the up star this episode was so
much promise I bought blazer I had my
champagne everything how look at it now
we're one point into division 1 but we
have a so you guys don't really need to
let me know if the bikes I can't buy
anyone that's all for today thank you
guys for watching and see you don't let
me down the legends gone I mean that was
still a very bad penalty
alright where do I go where do I go
where do I go boom he's going to go the
same place every time isn't he right
we're going in top right top right this
time oh okay you know what he's gonna
change slightly he's gonna go just to
the left this time but he doesn't go all
the way it's gonna go just here what the
hell method I beg I think a bank
