happy birthday FIFA Ultimate Team and to
celebrate this they have made a foot
birthday cup what do we win if we win
make it still worth it I guess what do
we have to do we have to have 18
different nationalities in the starting
eleven and the subs ha ha ha ha is that
it is that all I have to have that's
right this is my - look at this boat
even my bench is ridiculous just look at
look at this team 5 legends a team in a
year 3 informs and the other two players
are pretty good at then just in case I
got another two legends and Ebro or an
arrow and then four golden I think um
alright so yes I am ready to start this
tournament four games four wins let's go
guys
what's the first round got for me come
on let's see your net yeah darn the same
play as I do do those red lines they
made me feel sick alright here we go
the game is underway and switch cough
you've already got the ball okay alright
we got this game I just need to play
smart I have the players I just need the
skill now come on let's pass it pass it
quick pass quick let's go put it back
and then what okay oh that's not smart
all right here we go this is not first
chance first just lay off go Gareth Bale
go bail huh Oh pen what the pen how is
that not a pen I need to stop their pens
essay and a store and run through stormy
run that's a shocker that is really bad
this feels really different to how it
normally does I mean like I know I
normally lose anyway but this feels so
much like faster and just wrong
Oh Shevchenko Shevchenko Oh Jemmy
so I took off fights come look at that
way keep on please medvetz never never
but what are you doing what is that
that's not we're past it I bet all sort
of run fails on the run
oh he's turn another day all done game
one game let's start game really half an
hour in I Nedved let's get some pace
let's get some pace on this let's get
some place on that that's what the
frickin what am i doing I need to just
stop being so stupid and stop playing
bet that will look at this play this is
how you play football that's how you
play football
oh wow a game tactic shoot we should
shrink up so long farewell
that was a good 36 minutes god
disappoint me in your birthday EA one
game down three more to go
I've only got four games left with these
two lone legends so we need to make it
count and the next game has hey he's got
a he's got a better team still not great
but it's definitely better well I gotta
do is watch out for Neymar right let's
go guys just keep it away from Neymar
and I'm good hi where do we go from here
slight cough slight cough you know what
he's a legend he's a legend
oh I can shoot with the legends hey hey
Neymar Neymar stop stop stop hey stop
stop Neymar that Neymar no no no no no
no no no no no no can't lose now
suddenly the second round how am I
losing this game I just need to keep
running with my luck he doesn't tackle
must it doesn't tackle them
he doesn't tackle my legends that's all
I have to do is just run with Shevchenko
and shoot oh my god are you serious you
actually said okay well he need for this
run no outside haha look see look
wait wait wait finesse bang go one let
me go that's let's loot its Drude in my
head now just don't pass the legends oh
no no no no no no no no no go yeah
outside again dickhead learn the rule
noob where I was he go around no no no
no no no my defense so bad even though
I've got two legends of the team of the
year I think it's like to do with the
player alright we're back to square one
again
alright this is what I'm talking about
don't pass with the legends here just
run just know to keep
tackling me scripting time scripting
time stage gone they can call our No
halftime and this is actually a struggle
of a match right now not like it out
closest is I'm gonna just be able to
breeze through these into the final
second half let's just hope I can
dominate this time star to me know how
am I miss up I missed the tackle
no no no no don't shoot oh okay oh god I
have no at the back just in case oh no
now he's really ruining my fun now he's
really ruining my fun what's a challenge
and yes the NES the Iniesta Bale Bale
whips in that's some shocking boy I know
you're sliding bail but come on yeah
this is it this is it
bang shevchenko get the touch okay keep
that on Edwards no des alright never
know that you know what whip across in
bad boys but I won the header and I I
miss the stretch God's touch cos all
right you know what schevchenko I do let
me just got too many players I can't get
a shot off five minutes remaining and I
need one goal that's it one goal
Shevchenko come on make the run stop on
make the run you know what ship shake oh
no is it this is it this is my last
chance last chance no what were you
belong in that house Oh more extra time
this guy is so boring I know he's had
more shots but if because I can't shoot
because he just has two people on the
line the entire time right path to cut
it up there you go
Oh Raffi's trip me up he's actually
giving it alright he hasn't put a play
on the line just yet we got try it we
got to try to Shevchenko wait boom what
boom what what I bail bail bail bail
finesse it oh right playing again lemon
you know what stud gob boom oh my god no
how have I not taught that I'm allowed
to do is go in whoever scores next wins
this is it this is final chance again
how are we getting gone
come on please please can I just get a
go now this would be perfect bail get
the freaking ball bail bail
that's a foul I this is it this is now
it's a bit come on in the ester come on
come on no breath great bail bail plus
it not their bail not top layer we go
into penalties I'm shot now I never win
at penalties I'm like England
I caught stretch golf come on you're the
legends don't let me down the legends
gone I mean that was still a very bad
penalty all right where do I go where do
I go where do I go boom he's going to go
the same place every time isn't he right
we're going in top right top right this
time oh okay you know what he's gonna
change slightly he's gonna go just to
the left this time but he doesn't go all
the way he's gonna go just here what the
hell method I beg I beg a prank though
one out I'm out I can't save his
penalties look watch him this watch this
go in okay never mind we're back in with
a chance here back in with a chance
there's one come on I just have to save
one of his this one all that's powerful
that's going up he's going in the same
place every time it's sudden death right
now and I need to score oh please if
there is if it is really your birthday
he a let me save this let me say oh wait
no I have to score shit
oh I fucked it up I keep it
I just fucked it I thought that was it I
was so happy okay never mind I'll save
that one as well please please please
please
he's doing it he's done it shave your
man come on guys why are you not happy
celebrate come on
two wins down two more to go I tough
second game third game and he I gave red
links though red links just play smart
Simon play smart all right let's play go
Potter no techno make a tackle come on
what did we learn last game guys just
shoot with legends ah we didn't learn
how to defend though last game did we we
didn't learn how to defend oh that's a
bit close for my liking
I'll stow a stoical stoical
oh fuck hahahaha here we go Shevchenko
Shevchenko coming into his own coming
into his own
no he's reading that turn every time
there we go never never never can eat
soup he can't play what goals with
legends come out of nowhere this is
literally just a quick touch and bang
you know what Shevchenko actually can I
go for this go on bang it around the
wall walk you wanna stop anytime soon
mate any time any time please you broke
up in a bicycle thinking that there you
go bail bail bail bail bail out oh I
almost fell into my trap haha ok Modric
Smotrich can he do it now we can do the
McKinney spin totally perfect he
actually went for his well going guy God
and turning and finesse
boom didn't even turn in no need to run
as a legend now I said earlier that
fevers just changed the lil bit it
literally just feels like you don't get
many chances as proven by those stats
maybe it's just me I don't know far
please can you stop mate can you can you
please stop up okay hi one more get one
more one more one more one more on the
game is over yeah that
he got sold he got sold a dream he got
sold a freaking dream as the day
oh please like husband Lesley calm calm
calm that's not calm is Iniesta I bailed
plays in so should I go you know what
it's a legend you know your needs up
what you even go for there that was some
like weird karate ass diving thing I
come on bus run where's the run what's
wrong I just keep going in keep going in
and he playing outside
should I go he's a legend far side there
you go Gareth Bale is through he's well
I mean when I say through I mean he is a
lot of freaking players back but how am
I gonna get through there you go no no
no but it's so well to make that through
and then he passes to the wrong guy and
I don't score me I don't know what he is
doing I don't know how I'm not scoring a
third goal and I know it's becoming less
and less of an issue right now but I
still want a third goal why wouldn't I
and there it is we are into the final I
honestly I swear to you this is my first
attempt what a boring game of three
shots in the entire game two of which
were gold
three wins down one to go please let me
win I want that kid and I know you're
not going to believe me but this
honestly is my first attempt so here we
go into the final let's see what we can
do let's see what we're facing in the
final okay this is this is actually a
very good team he's got 100 kemi's going
all BPL team it's gonna be my hardest
challenge saying that I did go to
penalties so if this is my hardest
challenge I should lose come on let's
just play smart Simon and just hopefully
we can win that kit I he's knockin a
ball about quite nicely right now we've
got a little bit of a challenge this
time by blaming go-go-go far side Gareth
Bale doesn't know which path but ever
make there you go jinx over takes over
boom no I really should have taken that
down but no you know what we go for
their spectacular ma'juj moderate
moderate spotted house in know what he
just grew II an extra like 10 inches oh
no no no no no
no-no-no agüero chill out chill out bro
where's the run blame on go go go go go
new post
hey Shevchenko he's a legend that's not
legendary though I can already sense a
bit more of a struggle in this game than
the rest of them this is this is really
really tough um do you wanna not agüero
great saint always aside is about hi
this is my best chance so far best joke
so far either keys please kind of cut
out that bail bail bail bow bail can do
whatever he wants
but he can't pass it to him get to
tackle make a tackle
what is that for a shot what is that for
a shot oh no no no no no no no no great
block great block I've done so freakin
well there there you go far side come on
this is the last chance eyes keepers
come out with are you serious laughs
time Neal Neal I'm really struggling to
score today I haven't even had a shot on
target
where the hell was my defense god
where's whatever that's a penny here's a
given that was disgusting okay gabelle
get bail gone come on mate come on do
something
where's the runt there you go there you
go claiming and they got boom yes each
go calm play and we are one meal up in
the final oh no no no no no no no no no
no turn out they go great cycle critical
all right where do we go now where we go
okay here we go this is it this the
chances the charge lays up the bail may
all your taught you bales really let me
down today if I had to say anyone's let
me down I'd definitely say bail you know
what is ship Shenko again we just we
just got go for it don't we boom what
the hell was that ship Shenko to kneel
up in the final let's let's make that
two one
yeah let's make that two one all right
15 minutes he's gonna win in II just
need one more one more come up if I can
get 3 1 then that surely that's it
one is enough from bail no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no keeps what
alibi what the hell are you doing you
were schooled on go get a cycle get a
tackle what that get the take home what
the hell was my defense doing I've got
six minutes left there you go there
you're turnin turnin no look I call
Maude rich good book will give all
gettable what I'm playing playing very
stupid right now I could literally just
run to the corner and then the hold it
is 89th minute Danny Ava's Danny up
Danny Danny oh no oh no no no no no no
no no no stop this stop this stop stop
we know where you're going we've done it
Shirley Shirley just win that we met
upwards there you go we've done it
surely we've done it we've just won the
whole tournament in the first go whoa
Leeds FC we win a third kit say it I
knew it was just a Kip I didn't realize
it was like shit I mean I may not
deserved it but I played a lot like more
clinical than him whoa what a win look
at look at it look at a beautiful yellow
kit and just because you know just
because it went so well we can open
these two packs that we got 40 aides but
birthday whatever I don't even know what
it was actually for but we get benattia
no no we get Savage and to the other
perk we get and to round off what a
wonderful day we all right that is all
for today thank you guys for watching
and sweet
ah I did it was done off camera :
I can get it start looking he's not
looking
Oh God hey and the feast begins
year-year
