and right now my start my vlogging price
we went out last night we got food at a
place called rules accord Shia LeBouf
Shia LeBouf this is this is why I
recorded the gang sub gang this is very
close okay it's very close from the
teacher I'm deep in look up it does hey
doll next Taemin what's literally about
to have light so you know I hate seafood
right so
laughs I wish after all
see fruits maybe so
this is lobster I've been told to try
I'm genuinely are we open-minded alia no
Michael she's gonna have a bit of
alcohol I have a bit of origin a bucket
so we go get no it's not that big
I think
that's right like it it's chewy i
mid-morning
not sure this is going to stay down stay
back
really really that's better than bit
better than bit a lot better than fish
but still not a seafood fan just yet
no yeah we fight we were out of it we're
learning we're learning ratso we are now
gonna just decide what we're doing
tonight and I think we're gonna go and
go shopping
yeah they want to go see the CVS
Pharmacy Oh paracetamol boys and then
we're gonna go gamble and then go a
night out I think we might do something
tomorrow which would be the main part of
this vlog so we have decided yet look at
JJ's fresh hair I lit a fight I like to
the thighs one with a burger more for my
dear noodle
all right everyone to Ethan now are we
doing cow making the most budget shop
ever to film a new video this is the
tripod yeah this is nice there's a knife
and a fork why it's that knife and a
wall we just need to there is nothing
higher than to cherish likes on each
other we're not gonna fall but up
reaches let's get at it
I don't know what they've this video
will be out but his videos out on Sunday
so this you're watching this after
Sunday is that one calyxes channel so
you checked out I think after this we
are then gonna have to start getting
ready to go out and get food and stuff
which we actually just did but yeah we
are days are very short initially I'll
just wake up eat do nothing eat and go
out that's it so I'm gonna go record
this video and then we'll go get some
food later Toby what happened to head I
was always like this
right so we just finished recording the
video how'd it go it went well there's a
lot of there's a lot a lot a lot of
fucking about so you have about um what
like a day and a half edit a bad day is
a day to edit main main cow we're gonna
we're gonna vow to record more together
hopefully yeah so my live so far hey ah
no I did it first off camera :
I can get it on looking you know she's
not looking
Oh God hey and the feast begins
year-on-year what is wrong with your
head what is that
you
right now is 7:00 a.m. look this this is
the light outside right now and I'm
going to bed so yeah I'm gonna bed
ignore my drunk nose okay I will see you
guys tomorrow hopefully we will actually
do something - we've decided to go out
today no I think everyone's a little bit
mess that's the last night I looked a
little bit while I got back tomorrow I
have no idea what I say
so I've seen it when I've edited but uh
yeah we're now just going to go look
around again and we're going to try and
go past about 100 yards because that's
as far as we ever get see what we can
find
take off with a proper shrimp
I've got Bubba Gump shrimp here what
kind of what kind of shrimp do they do
I'm confident they got Brad shrimp
shrimp shrimp shrimp
you want a Nick stuff Josh anyone a Nick
stuff
no look thick because a lot - deal I met
Nick stuff and why men Toby you want -
Nick stuff
so Toby I meant this silence there's
Nick stop talking my junk
remember what we were saying the other
day about Caesar living here there's
actually it we're here yeah well
copyright remember copyrighted yeah this
is so weird everywhere indoors has this
lives indoors quite wide like this buddy
every time
that was the longest walk ever toby was
complaining the entire time what no I
fucked
Toby's getting with but what more
wah-wah-wah yeah he's in a fashion okay
well anyway we we saw it as good
practice for the Seidman football match
that's an anthem as you can tell as if
you even got a chance bro on that
realistically I came on this kinda
holiday to just not be at my desk like I
enjoy obviously making videos but I just
wanted a little time away from my desk
and you know just wanted time to just do
what I want to do and I just want to
relax so I'm gonna start editing this
then tomorrow I don't know what we don't
enjoy the date we'll get out at night
and we might go in some buggies in the
sand dunes but in the meantime I'm gonna
just go edit and sleep so much I don't
know if you guys can see that time up
there but basically it's already 3
o'clock and the dune buggying was meant
to be at 3 o'clock so that's one planet
window but we still are gonna go see the
Jabbawockeez tonight and not only that
I'm going to do something which I never
thought would happen and we are going
with nigahiga and his mates I guess it
turns out that the others have gone
except my date for the day so uh yeah so
the others will have purged of gym
buddies I won't oh the guys how the Josh
no one likes JJ how do you bring back
some sand please
so plastic that's how they guys kick it
isn't booked here
very long knives you finished the
fastest triple job Wow
all right so Toby's been here all week
but now he's gloves the Seidman Hodja at
the camera and a DSS teddy bear Eddie -
Eddie - school as you do and Simon Smith
impression how you feel sorry Luka I'm
gonna pin back buy it buy it buy it buy
it I'm a private eye stop look at me
look hey hey those are the fundamental
over again
is
right we're gonna go get a bite eat at
the same restaurant we went the other
night which I showed you earlier in the
blogs it was that good we have a have
some mood music right now from the young
Lyon calyx and we have the young ruble
over here we doing ladies copyright
music by the way that's up copyright as
cont'd right well what song is it what
was the song called bringing spheres
Brittany it was the songs completely
spare this is fierce why are you being a
Harry Potter
this isn't what we did every nice where
right this minute and a belief and data
has just been done or what you do I told
me you do what your parents want it no
no no you watch that video you see God's
on them feet I did haha right so ahead
at home now I was uh this is the final
final walk home Justin I do not wanna
know Josh is real coward cows just an
asshole hazy home so that was all fun
all night oh thank you shock and we're
going home so yeah it's been it's been
fun but no one's moving around me I'm
gonna go to the window to the wall but
now I'm a shadow Leo we're having fun
but
we're headed home now so we've got a
actually late I'm gonna go check out now
and then head to the airport so see you
at the airport
look glut we're leaving we're leaving
oh haha we got this car this time I went
on the other one last time oh okay we're
going in
Oh shotgun look at this car man look at
this pause um the doors open like that
that's it I'm gonna get a bedroom the
house doors like that
even in the airport this machine's Vegas
is Matt so I get to say hey bro I'm
sitting next to you hey the hell rap try
sleep much like an and this so not with
me about again I'm going to do
activities the trip that can't be on
YouTube would you like to fuck me on
this webpage silence a blog a spy what
the hell oh there we go that is Vegas
done I know why I'm wearing this hat
because I need to shower but yeah that's
Vegas done so thank you guys for
watching
wait you guys have come in and literally
as I said it so many times before thank
you guys making this kind of stuff
possible I'll stay on point with the
calyx and we were talking about loads
and loads of videos that we're gonna
make left us again thank you guys for
watching and see
