stop commenting what you're commenting
alright I'm kidding I'm away right now
and I don't know what you said the last
episode I told you guys I was irate I
still am right now but the next episode
I will be back so comment who you want
on this video Ribery Etzel de Bruyne let
me know I'm gonna have to save up by the
way so it doesn't matter that I'm not by
anyone today so one win and we are safe
in Division one if we win both games
today next episode could potentially be
the last episode ever I mean most likely
it's not going to be because I have to
win every single game but it's weird
that that can even be an option so we
move in with the French team for the
first game do Mia is injured on the
bench so we may have these this team for
two games but Frenchie's here we go let
me just put on the lucky winning watch
the French cheese will be facing ok
illegal BBVA side how original it's just
boring now in at the BBVA team let's do
this lads let's go let's beat these pots
what are they cool I we are starting to
knock it about already got flame off
limp no as a little bit too far come on
come on come on I even of us he is
nervous God over go it's not really open
if it's that soft
oh my Daisy's on he's on losers no does
that's good that's cool one no one nail
up in Division one we're going on these
goals come out of nowhere with Remy
I literally just passed the ball
suddenly he's through on goal we're
actually playing it around very very
nicely and you know what they will take
a corner get to him get to it no no no
no no cross no cross no are you sure
he's just my player just fell over my
player fellow stop him stop this stop a
a goodly you did you hear me play it
around on my days he's taking the piss
now learning
go down the line come on saggy knees
tackle him on my days no no no no no no
no no
was he given that for I didn't even
press anything but you're serious these
actually j'en and if courses go down the
middle ah I was going so well one nil up
in Division one
come on go go go get the ball but oh
there you go
Seeger and then turning and then like
one just you're I am so I'm almost in
lovely to meet you pay as much as Ethan
is I mean I wouldn't do the weird stuff
but you know like I I love him ah ah
look at me the wizard you're a wizard
Dimitri not very good one you're more
like run oh no oh no that's gonna be oh
why is always at half time why is
exactly 45th minute
ah come on if I draw then I don't know I
come in the league I'm not fussed about
winning the league I just want to win
one game so I know I'm safe next season
is where I actually try and win it Oh
God
Oh God great save no so crooked George
best is up there again George best oh
good oh there you go look at look you
cost of him God you you can stop his
pass because of him not a liar
run George run run what our dough and
then turn back turn it okay George
bestest am I gonna how did he miss up ok
saved it so now how you got there George
but I don't know how you missed run
breeze when you're through you're
through please I'm now just finish this
near post and saved it and saved it on
to the tower to the pose far side by
side gone Childress is George best
that's why that's miss George best
that's why you shoot how did you score
that and miss some of the charts of
emissions Oh 10 minutes left 7 minutes
come on come on work buzz run all right
pass it in we're not we're not making
runs we're not making runs that's not
where I wanted that it's got a very good
position for a free-kick and what he's
got four minutes left
run
chuckle all right for an Oh viber we
know he's going out wide get to him this
is his last chance of the game all his
power now I'll take a cloud up I said I
took foul I said I'd take off I won't
about I'll take a win mate that's the
win Oh
cutting corneas was his name and we be
in three two which means we are now safe
and if we win this game next episode as
I said could be the last who in a funk
they're a little bit tired but began
with the French team against dubious
still injured I'm enjoying this team and
the second game which I always lose he
has okay he has an Italian league if I
lose the divisions over we start again
we win then boy next episode is gonna be
amazing let's do this if we can get a
win to us not make John a no come on
George Giorgio Giorgio breath you
serious that's not foul outside
he's on site what okay oh we've given a
foul a boom one nil actually happening
saying that I did go one it up in the
last game and it wasn't exactly easy are
you mad at you Matt it's another frickin
penalty I don't get what are penalties
back is that the thing is that the thick
value there used to be a huge problem
and it's back George best is weaving in
and out players we've been look at him
hard one to many George stop the ball no
please this is you this is you know yes
I told you guys I it was it started to
well ah it's getting so happy just then
I thought you know next episode I can
actually be in that final I mean they're
still the rest of the game you never
know what can happen we have we have a
while we have a long long time I mean
realistically I have nothing to lose
like if I if I lose that's that's my
season over so I may as well actually
just go all out only thing I have is my
dignity but there isn't much of that
evil sites gonna be just like the man
united game ready
Dmitri boy are you serious
how is that gonna happen man that was
ridiculous top pass go pass it pass it
quicker first time I started to knock it
about a bit too easily now is I'm
getting worried per half time and I'm
losing as I said I have nothing to lose
really very far tiresome is what got all
out second out here we go we may as well
start an attack in to see what we can do
I mean that's a very very good start
there's one from to me it's the beat you
fight again
there we go posit Muslim how's it good
positive a lot that's not a great bull
but putout wide right to address oh no
plate wait wait come back come back into
the area any there take the touch all
right and then turnout turnout turnout
again oh just get a show of someone
please 13 minutes left god we've got to
step it up we have to step it up okay
after this attack we need to step it up
come on
Ultra attacking let's go let's go
Coleman come on come on come on all
right you know what get balling there's
the shocking ball absolutely shocking
come closer
we have a very very good chance here
very very good but can't Ameche pie it
do it against venue and do it against
them you're actually taking the piss
right we go go all-out attack there's no
point now we have three minutes left we
may as well hi this is it sit last shot
what's the one more one more
go go go go go Brisbane
Prison ref been banned in the 90th
minute oh my god I have to score George
best I have to score who gone their week
on top right oh my god the dream of the
live lads now defend defend defend on
the bus yes we've done it just freakin
one two game for the road
I'm just saying boys if we win both
games makes them so be done two wins if
we get two in that - we've been I don't
know what I do after that that's all for
today let me know in the comments what
you want me to do thank you guys for
watching have a great day I'm having one
already and see it play it play it just
get ballin just get ballin there's the
run boom no you're not just not heading
the right way
come all Griezmann come on are you
serious Gary Cahill is keeping up Gary
Cahill is keeping up that's a foul just
pulled along four realize Gary Cahill
was a policeman we're playing some nice
football look at these triangles all
right and then no okay we're still on
still on still up hard to meet you
