before the video starts make sure you
click the subscribe button oh I
have finally got well this is the dirty
ass box basically whenever I go away I
always have to take my massive laptop
and everybody won that so I have the new
MacBook Pro it's actually mad small it's
like 12 inches yeah which I'm used to
you know and that makes it sound like I
take 12 No the grand reveal
seriously look how small that is that is
ridiculous this is more like an iPad
what do I done I've just bet oh my god
anyways guys if you didn't know I've
been away for the last night I don't
know well I was away actually last week
I didn't really record much of it so the
bits I did recorder this yeah yeah first
team bitch stop all right we have the
room tour bang this is yeah yeah good
job Simon balls though saying that there
is actually something really cool over
here look at the pool I don't know how
much you can see it because it's dark
this place night guys I'm being deadly
serious here this was not one when I
walked in it I just went to the toilet
it's on loose loose I hate ins let be n
vu Dan's not Rea a tabla silly mental
the damn recording this is bonfire night
so that means one thing Oh what the
what's going on why have you drop these
loves done it I don't want to get hit
get to hit me well seems like a great
deal yeah yeah yeah he's tired you the
finishing blow
strange tactics being used to just have
a system he traps you trap JTAG out of
it's a fight you got knock them out next
see we've realized the program don't
know how to do this
yeah why are they trying to take all
noise hi I'm heading into the darkness
look what what's that I see it none of
us know how to do this are we really
doing this I'm very nervous
we're using this bro I'm gonna break my
arm I want to say break I mean you know
I said I'm fine
you ready to run that was the free one
this is the next one final frontier JJ's
gonna like it imma just move back now oh
my god he's just going for it it's got a
loaded thing
Oh
alright alright now we have oh my god
that's the saddest thing I've ever seen
in my life he says at least 50 meters
Josh just do it I'm gonna just move
right back
just to end the vlog off wait a second
so it's been clean basically I keep
everything I get from a P o box but
normally it's just kind of laid out on
the floor and it's actually all been
moved and cleaned up so I'm actually
kind of happened that by the way as the
board I always fuse for not safe for
YouTube but Steven tries freaking ruined
it because he used the permanent marker
in the video with JT a gym strength
strength now what are his weaknesses his
stamina good yeah yeah that's ruined now
it's realistically only I knew one of
them also look at this look at this
woody it's sick hey I thought I was
gonna be opening some Pierre book stuff
but in the midst of it being cleaned
it's moved
welcome to the junk room oh yeah it's
time I got a new car you know leave a
like or actually no comment what car I
should get I don't really know what to
do to end this vlog that here by hip
square in the face
Trump box me again I see how he is I
don't have to go to bed actually cuz I'm
waking up in like 6 hours or something
to go into London which will be my blog
tomorrow so you know what I'm gonna just
end it there no I know what I'm gonna do
never mind I know what I'm doing you
remember the guy who basically said
Simon you are a troll well he's done it
again he's done two videos in the last
two days both of them
splinter mugs oh you look good you're
gone but you're absolutely nothing all
you do is give me more monetization so
keep making your mucky little remark
Jane whatever anyway the second one
that's Simple Simon nursery rhyme
employment yep
sample Simon sets of the payment to the
pieman of you go there yet
two simple song by Z buck he's using his
phone while he's driving that's what I'm
saying as well that's illegal
but you know what I'm gonna just carry
on living my life I'm gonna do me I'm
just do me i'ma go chill I'm gonna go
watch stuff on my you know on that I'm
not really going to because you know I
have a TV there but you know the the
principal's there I have a new laptop
but seriously like look that that's how
small is by the way the laptop is like
this almost the same height as a phone
anyways make sure you check outside they
call it the in the description thank you
guys for watching and yeah be warned
that the storm is coming
plus I can play a fortnight now
basically I'm gonna be uploading a lot
more vlogs hopefully because I'm
basically gonna be bringing in one of my
friends to help me you'll see everything
so I'll explain everything tomorrow
thank you for watching and I'm doing all
right you train too hard
let's say you gonna fall don't let him
chained up
you know who you are
