and we are going to Vegas if you're
ready what did you just say dick
whittington fine more way to ruin my
enjoyment you really know we're in Vegas
I'm being that guy I've got two
suitcases all right everyone hates that
guy but that's me today and we on the
plane and we have these guys hey guys I
got this Josh and Jesus somewhere back
there anyways yeah we're all sleeping
because none of us have slept so couple
movies and this I know right guy let's
do something find a new button
we're Vegas so what this car journey has
taught me is that I am 100% confident
that I could take any of these people
I'm in hand-to-hand combat that's that's
all I've learned how did you huh Dean
and I just beat you up a minute but he
beat him so bad that he forgot about it
Toby knows hey over here last year and
now at the shoulder niche oh we got more
people it's gonna be even bigger even
better and the holiday begins so we have
arrived in our room this is my room I'm
not sharing with JJ this time we have a
such a sick room I'm so happy right now
this is why tweet the other day that I
was happened because it's you and then
not only do we have that we've got this
I'm gonna be wearing it slip these
aren't in my vlog then I have failed
okay I'll be wearing these I'm gonna I'd
probably run up a bath this place is mad
oh we came here last year and I'm still
amazed there's love enough yeah we are
going to clean up because that sounded
weird we're gonna clean up because you
know we've just had a huge flight so
I'll speak to you guys when I'm all
showered and changed right we are
cleaned up and ready to go eat and I'm
going to show you around our place okay
so with the piano already I'll show you
and a lounge
we over here go through that actually so
this is the lounge area that we have
which diminished I don't actually know
for being here I think we're gonna go to
the other one and probably be in there
most the time nice little table this
games room where where calyx thinks that
he is sick okay so I'm have to play
calots at some point we'll probably put
it on his channel it'll be at some point
this week I know this is this is a nice
little room in here
but yeah calots probably do a video of
pool or something this week which will
be up on his channel I'm a video that
I'm doing at the gym as well what what
is this this is sick we've got like a
little secret kitchen in here this with
us I'm actually looking around as well
guys so you're seeing for the first time
so mine then upstairs we have oh wow so
upstairs I am pink
so this one is kalloch this room this is
like the same environment basically so
it's not much ready to show you but that
is calyx room across there across this
which you can hear the music coming out
of is young through Meister and the
circle bog this place is literally I
know I said it last time but this place
is incredible look at this this is our
view
after days I've actually insane so this
is this is so sick this is so dreaming
my why are you doing that I'm wearing a
rugby shirt isn't about dreaming no I
thought because you know what how old
you were defended by Conor McGregor yeah
and you know like Irish so I think my
game late so when I weigh exactly knee
coming to I'll just just the magical
place some Vegas lucky Irish magical and
Irish and yeah stop judging ha ha ha
right so food has been eaten we are
heading out to put a pie filling enter
casino we're gonna walk the strip first
I'll show you guys that and then we're
gonna go to casino because first night
don't want to do anything much I want a
bit tight o Christmas tree o Christmas
tree
I don't know the rest of the Sun
guys I don't want to say it I don't want
to say it looks you're right Toby says
that play football I think you're
chewing
then to
so be delicious you know fun but these
are actually just really especially
where you so how do they moved up from
wrong this this was wrong change name
are really a copyright oh yeah when when
Spartacus tomato they changed it okay so
now Rome is in it please Bank was
welcome they've been giving them that
right about 300 oh into and then it's
already a gladiator yeah so you know
your history is that when they feel yeah
that's yeah that's one neat okay so
we've got drinks ready to go out
JJ you excited here's a drink robbery
tonight
let's strawberry try it
alright so we just what the hell we just
got in why is his life is gonna we just
got back me Josh and cow breezy went to
the casino and just bet basically and
they I was like jokes just it was going
to bed because everyone is pretty like
jet-lagged and yeah I think we're just
gonna chill now for a couple hours what
an hour because is 10 to 3 then when we
wake up I'm gonna see what one's gonna
do cuz I'm personally I'm not like a
sightseer so I don't know what I'm gonna
see cuz I've seen it before I came here
when I was younger with my family be it
have a good night
Xion morning good morning and it while
it's actually quarter to one here I'm
going for the whole er you know shower
curtain look so I look really pink right
now is we're gonna head over to the
other guy's place and go watch the
Arsenal game which started about five
minutes ago
awesome view Barcelona it's weird
watching here like totally right but
yeah we're gonna go watch that and watch
Arsenal get destroyed ships Arsenal
losing perfect day what
love you what are you happy you're home
now Toby this is heaven this is my
okay if anyone wants the key to Toby's
heart that my hat no your head Oh
get down Wow I'm going to go down
plus five right blue skies
that's not focus cameras there we go
there's an ad slogan say it's broken
this guy's fun facts day - Lewis this
sky is painted fire Michelangelo
Michelangelo statute and his glance the
statue paper
that wasn't me jumping forward in time
because for some reason I completely
forgot to vlog we were out shopping
we decided right we're gonna come back
we're gonna just gamble a little bit
then we're gonna get ready to go get
food go out and for some reason I just
didn't vlog it basically cuz we were
going out I don't wanna be that guy with
a camera that was out so I didn't take
it to get food either
so went out I ended up coming back a bit
early because you know I've ever
headache so I'm back now I think I'm
gonna edit this video while the others
are out they'll be back soon but I
wanted to show you the coolest thing I
forgot to show you right is this okay so
what's this radio they have all these
stations secondly should be like hip-hop
classics no that's classical hip-hop
classics this is so sick like literally
whatever music you like you can
literally just play it and you'll play
the radio so literally you can turn out
really doubt and then just have a shower
in there and it's coming out speaker up
there like I know that doesn't sound
cool but trust me that it's so sick
anyway as I said I am gonna go edit this
I think I'll probably get one more vlog
while I'm here hopefully a video as well
there's actually like a full on video
but I guess we'll see I hope this vlog
was long enough I don't know what I've
really shown cuz it's been a couple days
but while I'm at I do want to say thank
you guys so much because obviously I
wouldn't be able to come to this kind of
thing if it wasn't for you guys but yeah
obviously it is thanks to all of you
because I wouldn't be able to do if it
wasn't for you so I mean I'm sorry if I
haven't posted much this week I have
posted every day until now but I don't
know if I'll post over the next couple
days I might have like one or two days
off I'll see I was going I've got my
second channel will still be two a day
but I don't know about my main channel
they guys so much for everything and
yeah I'm um just hope I can carry on as
well yeah thank you fortune and show you
okay that's not actually there's one
more thing I said if I didn't put this
in my blog it failed his vlog so yeah
I'm gonna Jesse go as far as
dressing-gowns go this one is
ridiculously comfortable I mean this is
like full-on like padding and stuff in
here but now that is the end so thank
you guys watching hands
