it's never simple is it you know I asked
you guys fly by I give you two options
tell you which one do you want me to buy
so de Bruyne Ribery
at the top comment today was to buy
ribery and uh yeah he's a little bit
more expensive than both of them almost
them both put together so I'm gonna have
to ignore that one I'm just gonna save
for a couple episodes okay I am away at
the moment so I can't really buy anyone
I can't see the comments on this video
over the next video I will be able to
see so where were we
yeah that's right Division one two wins
the day I am safe in the division this
division is actually going to write for
going in with a French team first we
don't normally do this we're mixing it
up but what's the pot gonna have in
store for us
it's got another BPL team okay I'm not
using the BPL team this time isn't a
French team but see how we can do
against this bad boy we play possession
style here you go
this play is ridiculously quick look at
look how quick this play is okay right
hi alright there we go nice and little
skip Matt sweetie Matuidi
you've got to lay it off there you go
brother boom one nil I know I'm saying
this way when we were way too early to
listen to his heart of in Division one I
mean I know I'm gonna end up losing this
game now as that's just how it works but
it does seem like that it really really
really does and now we have another
chance that's a great ball Oh
just turned into a woman Bob Erie stop
stop stop okay yeah this is what I was
talking about this is what exactly what
I was talking about we she get out there
cliche please she don't know how we
missed no no no no no he's got car
walkies got car what prep you see this
you see this just look what posit come
on what Oh the time bomb I was the issue
spamming tackle whinny what of Spanish
shoot and tackle at the same time
because it's the same button but one of
them should have shot oh no oh that's a
girl oh yeah oh I forgot I've got um no
no
that's so broken I love it that is they
like a guaranteed goal any other goal
keeper Oh Remy come on Remy come on
ah ah ah yes
wrap it look just just you see how he
just told me back oh no no no no I know
you're a division 1 prick and you like
doing that we don't like doing that go
on run there you go run run oh no no no
that's a shock in cuts Oh No
no literally I don't I honestly I think
I think I have a cheat and go good off
Simon come on winning one nil definitely
I'll even care anymore I'm winning
Disgaea play some very very very nice
football but he's the safe he just can't
get past that last play con he's on he's
on silent can we sail I know he's on
side
both goalkeepers are pretty broken yeah
I put a player on the line dickheads
I made me rush I saw the guy running
over hi Empire just get balling just get
balling that's the run
boom no you're not just you're not
heading the right way
come on Griezmann come on are you
serious Gary Cahill is keeping up Gary
Cahill is keeping up that's a foul just
pulled him on four realize Gary Cahill
was a policeman we're playing some nice
football look at these triangles alright
and then no okay we're still on still on
still up at Naha to meet you ply it John
and not make one I'm not gonna not stop
stop him stop him
Kate keeps keeps now where do we go we
have ten minutes remaining
oh no bad work right you know what kids
across the area though he's across the
area to finesse take a corner two
minutes remaining I might have to be a
dick 90th minute if he gets across and
he's gonna score isn't it if he gets
across here stop him stop him stop him
please please please please make a
tackle
make a tackle foul him foul in fuck he's
run too far back I just fired him anyway
we've won our first game and I mean I
pulled it back a bit the first half was
destruction so one more win now we are
safe and if I actually win that game I
might actually start thinking about
winning the title I don't think I will
that's ridiculous to win Division one
first time time for the BPL team to show
what it's worked will we face it come on
ppl team faces okay or hybrids come on
Simon focus and we can win this right
let's do this guy's come on max cradle
you're gonna have to step up your game
for this one you are the boy I'm putting
a lot of pressure on you today I can't
keep the ball it's very good at closing
me down as well but then again so am i
to him so it's kind of even he just has
so many players back from honest I'm a
little bit worried already I know I've
got an attack on right now oh my god oh
my god oh my god
Phyllis Eriksson the boy who's not the
boy cradles the ball but I don't see
myself winning because I'm not getting
chopped
those are my chances the game so far
tools box thank you for finally
understanding get Kristen that's hearts
always to the goalkeeper George come on
come on play me go and just bring it
across okay we'll take the whole thing
up because we go with that up who's just
jumpers Armenia for me Nia why did you
steal off the boy there is one rule with
this team and you let the boy do what he
wants go look you lay off George Brett
sees the other boy he's the man he's the
man that's what it is George best you're
injured but come on please say you can
do stuff still please say all right all
right you can do stuff all right you can
do stuff all right you can't score I
mean the one thing I can take out of
this is I'm defending better I haven't
let Golan in one and a half games I mean
he's only had one shot what am I talking
about Simon I deserve to be winning this
I deserve the league I am a princess I
deserve everything and I'm gonna take
everything I can get with a corner he's
injured three of my players now it's
ridiculous and he hasn't got a single
keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps keeps
keeps keeps keeps keeps no there's so
many players on the line oh I've
survived George just go George do what
lay off and then turn in oh please no
ref Ernie's injured as well
he's an injured so many people I don't
know how he does it sometimes you know
passing isn't working sometimes just got
a boot it into the box head it back
across or just give to the goalkeeper no
this is very very bad very very bad no
no no
ago it's not missing like my brothers
just moved up away how he is scored
there and how he's winning this game
actually is beyond me
there's nothing there's nothing all
right turn up high no no no oh this is
why I sways the boy who else you know
that can do that look it away he just
caresses this ball already
anyways worth it where's the skillful
Binker the goalie um that's another go
he's just schooled straight from that
what the fuck am i doing
how does he keep just getting these
passes through look out uh stop how it
no I suppose the jokes what the hell
blows him down make a tackle let's go
let's go count up full up full-out
attack for that attack pass it you're
taking a piss that's it that's literally
it
I lost 2-1 this game has turned into
absolute shambles I don't know what is
going on four games left I have to win
all four if I want the title I'm not
really like expecting that it'll be
fantastic that happened but I just want
with keep letting me know as I said this
episode I won't be able to buy any one
for the next one because I am away right
now so the next episode I went buying
one but on the next episode let me know
who you want up till de Bruyne keep
liking each other's comments thank you
guys for watching and shit Road or not
you're in Alan Pardew haha right let me
see you I can do with this team and I
only made one change those that was the
quickest one yes this is a team that we
are left with and 75 chemistry's alright
we are gonna literally just bring now to
a name on straightway probably take off
fella Robbie and Shirley I know probably
just better have to start with maybe
bring on Neymar layup and now we have to
play the draft and see if we can do
better than any of the other time
