I shall not to be beaten last time I
tried the defense drop only using the
players with the highest defense stats I
didn't go too well I pretty much lost
every time I tried in the first round
but as my boy Nick 28t says a boot he
says something like that it's Canadian I
don't know how that really helped but we
are doing these skills draft today I
have to choose the player with the
highest skill step so here we go we are
entering the draft what formation are we
gonna go with we're just going to choose
which one everyone we like we are going
to go with the 4-4-2 holding right so
skilled player please give me some okay
that is a very good start but who has
the best skills so moderate Ypres and
art zu all have four stars so I get a
choice it's a little bit more of a
freedom draft this one now here's the
highest rated but it's always liga BBVA
and i never ever use eber so we're gonna
go for Ebro strike a time who's gonna be
the skillful striker that goes alongside
him I feel like Lewandowski Mike okay it
was Dempsey or schürrle and Dempsey's
not gonna link with anyone so I guess
shut up right mid right mid right mid
come on give me a Lukas no I'm Morris is
definitely gonna be a most skillful oh
wait he's not he's only four star as
well so pretty much everyone there is
four star except for toilet Oh mate I
have to go for Bella Robbie don't I
because Hugh I can swap these two over
and then there's a link right back
skilful player who is it that any of
these players gonna be skillful 2 star 2
star 3 star 3 star ah already going back
to Liga BBVA come on why don't you have
to have skills through starters though I
guess this one's for Nick 28 hasn't gone
too well with the al Ypres thing you
know we got to be careful with this one
so I go for the player that's gonna link
with Sharla or Ebro let's go
or Ebron of these two Diarra Wow all
right left mid come on whoa to legend to
the city's river you little bitch I have
to choose ribery out of all of those I
have two legends I have never used the
legend in the draft I can't I can't do
that that's just cheating isn't it aah
oh my god I can't believe ok but we did
get a blue just three star three star
three star three star all of them three
stars who we gonna go for I've gotta go
with Rodriguez and the team of the year
Marcelo but I've got to go the Rodriguez
because he links the dribbly he needs
someone with okay there's surely none of
them are gonna have to star - star -
star - star - star this is good now I
can start choosing defense i Perrin
could link there and I'd get 63 camp but
benattia would link with the left I know
I'm gonna go with the highest chem and
go for him Lea and Perrins sources
playing center back alongside who's the
other one gonna be surely none of them
three star w YZ y actually that kind of
works perfectly
he looks fair we could go set no we're
not going there all right none surely
these players aren't gonna have any
skills surely I do get one star one star
one star one star one there we go I get
a choice go far man right sub time
goalkeeper go please please please none
of them have none of them have skills
none of them have skills there's anyone
in the right league no no I'm a danger
for Joe Hart and what we gonna get here
restart Bella in what this is just
pointless comments I don't even care -
star - star - star they're all two stars
just choose whoever what have I created
this is a horrible 4 star 4 star 4 star
5 star our spaghetti every star no
accent oh my god okay Ronaldo I have a
Ronaldo in a fail we have a Ronaldo
that's a little bit better okay I feel a
little bit I'd never Bessie so sterling
is for Starling custom 5 start no 5 star
please he's only 4 star I have to turn
down a frigate Damon EMS II I mean I
know he's good but come on we've seen
let's see how it just turns to liga BBVA
like that jesse or depart I'm just gonna
take the pie I'm gonna have to play that
Canadian for one part Canadian I don't
want him Barrera Carrasco has joined the
lineup final player for the day
well duh not your in Alan Pardew haha
right let me see I can do with this team
and I only made one change that was that
was the quickest one yes this is a team
that we are left with and 75 chemistry's
all right we are gonna literally just
bring one out of an a moron straight way
probably take off fellow rabi and surely
I know probably just better have to
start with maybe bring on Neymar later
and now we have to play the draft and
see if we can do better than any of the
other times we got a player with a guest
oh my okay you know what no I could add
a legend I can add team in the year
Messi I do have a team in a week Ronaldo
so it's only fair let's do this guy's
right tackle
that's a nice early tackle make another
tack away bro go and make another - okay
ebrill
get the ball eva is a monster you can't
stop him this is like the first time
I've ever played with Eber I think on
this teapot come on
cannibal get up walk come what no Ribery
just molested into the box
he's paused it it's a sign you know
actually even think of schürrle and
bring on Ronaldo interesting tactic
Simon go on Ronaldo first touch there's
the first touch and second touch got one
nail being a manager is easy you know
we've got to use some skills though
don't we we need to actually do some
skills because we are using the skilled
team posit out of that where's Ron where
are you know II Bree you don't lose the
ball that's not you okay Douglas Costa
boom pass that we got no he jumps in for
a lot of tackles you know right let's go
let's go just play he knows I'm good
look at that look at how I'm playing
just play calm and he can't do okay he
can you can stop some let's do some
tricks right let's do something ed do
some nice trick oh I thought he could
have gotten between the two all right
going let's pass it around
pass it around pass it around fuzz it
well no no no no no no don't be stupid
Simon don't be sit right there what fool
okay now we have an attack that's how we
like to play that we like to play on the
counter we are not a slow player I'll be
Simon we are there having two players I
don't know whether it's helping me or
really hindering me right lame I've gone
claim on claim on no no no no okay I
don't know if we really met that ebrill
I just shot because of zebra I'm really
quite excited I'm really liking for him
a bit oh come on below but whoa oh
you BOC Bella Abby that's what the skill
team does to you just at the stroke of
half-time as well to nil up doesn't
matter if it's deserved come on let's do
the same again lads same again second
half hello go unnie bruh Gwennie but
wait a second he's well off his line
that was a shot Bella rabbit oh look at
that time what what right sir Oh Bella
Robby
bo Y days just saying I was about that
they came off a renowned Oh Bella
Robby's off again he's off again you
just can't stop him right you know what
boom Oh No Ronaldo was there they're not
Lincoln RI we are starting to complain
it there you go there's the big run
there's the big run but oh sorry sorry
everyone
wow wow wow wow wow that's why it's the
skill team guys he loves the good old
cross the nut that was Beverly Tatum I
play for trying that that's not pen
don't let all right there it is for Neal
first round done no issues there three
more wins to go think about the draft is
you never changed the team like I'm
gonna bring one out of one again and
it's gonna hopefully work the same let's
see what I've got this time what have we
got of course it's got Ronaldo soirée
he's got MSN no he doesn't that's not
name on its ass good alright game twos
underway at the ball get the ball now
get the ball so we can make a sub i
hasn't taken long but run you're coming
on i'm i hate the people to do this not
become one well played shallow well
played well played good first five
minutes for we have a big shot ebrill
Ebro you mad eyes Danny Albert see
that's what Eva's one problem is
exactly boss ribéry just keep going
across keep going across lay off and
then run ah big old no annoying go come
on get the ball get get rid Garrett what
how did you score from me oh no guys
guys it's going to shit my team aren't
doing a thing they used to do it's off
we need a goal we need a bruh we need a
Libra that's what we need
please Obi he's off side I need to shoot
more with Ibrahim and then come on in
last last you left fight oh oh good
effort come on come on
renow don't pass it no wood why is my
left back there come on give me the ball
back this is just online bullying now I
played him on a played him on side great
save
rock it rock fraud why good why did he
not try and brought that
yeah and they gave it as an own-goal
brilliant I need Eva in the box
I need Eva in there to win some headers
please no it's north there's half time
to kneel down guys this isn't going well
it's exactly the same as last game
except the other way around
we need some inspirational music right
now to win this Ebro Eva Eva Eva
he brought no no no no no please please
on side he's on
ELISA having a shot aim for Ibrahim
that's not Ibrahimovic is it it was a
great head of Oh getting rejected get
rid keepers come out punched it no stop
him today why could eat school those so
easily don't go down do not go do not
cause a penalty oh my god I almost
couldn't go instead alright let me go
again there we go alright let off no
wait come on please give the ball give
me the book give me the ball give me the
ball give me the ball give me the ball
come on please bill please be on Ebro
Ibrahimovic EEP how is he not how does
he not score there or get a penny we
feel a little bit cheated in this game
you know three nil words I don't think
that's fair I know I love you gonna be
saying why did not bring on name off but
I don't think
I would have been able to help in this
case I mean I'm getting royally bummed
right now how am I gonna go from winning
for Neil to losing for Neil no no no no
no Bobby that's what I mean in the first
game he was scoring all sorts of angles
go on play him play him in over an all
dough ran out finally I score one oh
yeah now it's happening where I finally
get some attacks not scoring but getting
some attacks there it is for one for one
yeah the next one I do is definitely
going to be a normal draw it was a full
one worth the stats do not suggest it
now we get to see our pointless prize
the Jumbo go back into normal golf acts
really and that is just absolutely
fantastic I don't know the point of
these I honestly don't know why even
show you these but some people keep
asking so I've got to get you but I mean
if I keep doing them one day I'm gonna
hopefully get something right Alaba
Alaba Alaba oh okay right so a lot of
people say oh I can tell by the video
length but what round you go out in so
I'm gonna just sit here and open a few
packs it lengthen the video out so you
guys don't know and hopefully I might
Python ink I mean most likely not what
am I talking about
I'm just really sad that I just went out
and these packs this is why I don't do
pack openings give me something I'm
gonna just open like five or so packs
and that should you know that shouldn't
give away what round I go out in now
baby bleh bleh bleh bleh bleh no Sydney
Leonor Messi the guy who screwed me over
a little bit in that game gets me
nothing you know what I'm open one more
pack and hopefully that's a little bit
extra that you guys won't know about
some people like now just put a blank
screen for like ten minutes that we have
no idea all right we'll take an aldo I
don't want to do that we'll take a now
though that is all for today with the
skill draft next one I will do will be
in like three days and it will be a
normal Drive that's all that they think
I was watching and shit then that's odd
too as well that I'm meant to buy him I
need to buy him how am I gonna lose this
game I deserve to beat him Oh No look at
his face Marco Reus his face oh he's go
around me he's got around me
he's got around me no he does
deserve to be beating me I've just lost
the ability to defend as soon as I let
go Lin I get screwed oh I'd like he just
doesn't deserve this at all and then
look where's my team was he look he
coughs he's not good
screwed George best go for it mate he's
just moved his wall whatever we've lost
anyway ah it pisses me off so much that
one game isn't a single handedly ruin
any chance I have of getting the title
if I lose this game then it's pretty
much over no more mr. nice guy
time for littering and what with the
French team face Oh gay or Brazilian
squad different reminds me of the early
FIFA dates
let's see how good they are nowadays huh
now you
