whoa that's right we're division what we
have one of us two games we are just
planning to stay safe we ain't go over
the title just yet don't get ahead of
yourselves boys okay also I asked you
guys who to buy and you actually did
like each other's comments top comment
though was to buy
hertzel or de bruyne so that Peyer isn't
in both teams he's only in my French
team where do you see the Pyatt I mean
I'll still do it anyway because we can
replace one of these but I don't know
where you saw pie in this team here's
are the French team only problem is his
price we have about 12 to 15 K even the
non upgrading the Earth's it was about
19 K so you could afford them after
maybe this episode of next one so that
is your choice that's what you've got to
let me know should I buy oats or do I
save for deploying top comet will be the
one I choose just those two and now we
head back into division one if we could
win both games than we are pretty much
safe for how likely is it I'm gonna win
both games that never happens
oh wait it happened last time even if
the guy did score an own go in the 90th
minute but man don't care about all that
in it yeah yeah what the hell is this
team is going all German team except
it's got Alaba and Alba good team geez
Division 1 is is the top division though
isn't it well done Simon it is ok he's
gone early corner a little bit worrying
going mock-up mock-up mock-up get rid
get rid win that boom there you go look
at that and turn up turn up
no no I'm George this guy has a very
very good attackee plays well he plays
very well
no George George you can't let me down
out of everyone George isn't allowed to
let me down Erikson you can you'd always
do oh no oh no look don't you think that
was an incredible tackle what the actual
hell what the hell what the hell gone go
George oh no how did he get that touch
oh no oh no oh no yes check come on he
is really really piling on the pressure
and I'm not having a lick on play go go
go right how are you not scoring that
Erikson don't do a little quickie past
stop him stop him gone to a gorge burst
you need to do something for me now turn
yes yes this is it this is the moment
that's the moment
wow I have never seen something so
ridiculous
in my life and I've seen an elephant
eater cattle I know he's had chargers as
well like that but come on that chance
was so clear cut I don't think it could
have been any no good thank yes no it's
a fight oh no oh no no that's a great
safe check come on D is really putting
on pressure I don't get go it's only a
matter of time until he does where are
you - Mia where are you where's the run
Dubya where's the run you know what boom
that's straight to the goalie George the
amount of times you do that okay George
best George best bang you're taking the
piss you're actually taking the freakin
piss now I'm not going to win it and I'm
not meant to what the has just
happened my my place was just like
unplugged what is going on I've lost
this is this is actually
ridiculous what is going on right now
what's going on wait he has a skort
here's a squad and a fixed it he was
against no one and he didn't score come
on this is a sign things are changing ah
here's his chance his chance this is
chance he's got turned back he has to
turn back how he hit the post twice if
he'd scored that I would have been so
fuming oh no oh no oh no oh no
doesn't deserve this
someone run run Fellini oh okay lay off
they go by one you just straight to his
hand that's one more one more
lever okay wait is we can watch
something here we can watch something we
can work something out we can work it
out and I am stopped in there stop stop
stop stop stop him stop him tackle how
is he stood there oh my god and that's
our tool as well that I'm meant to buy
him I need to buy him how am I gonna
lose this game I deserve to beat him
Oh No look at his face mug of roses face
oh he's go around me he's got around me
he's got around me a block no he doesn't
deserve to be beating me I've just lost
the ability to defend as soon as I let
go Lynne I get screwed oh I'd like he
just doesn't deserve this at all and
then look where's my team was see look
he cops he's not good screw it George
best go for it matings just move this
wall whatever we've lost anyway oh it
pisses me off so much that one game is
always single-handedly ruin any chance I
have of getting the title if I lose this
game then it's pretty much over no more
mr. nice guy
time for lip French and what with the
French team face some home ok a
Brazilian squad different reminds me of
the early FIFA dates
let's see how good they are nowadays I
now you in my time okay alright
ai-ai-ai-aight good Clemence wait who's
up who's up alright wait there you go
there you go nutmeg what oh that skill
saw okay we'll put a still in we're
still in we're still in wait big touch
bang bang and hit across what a go who
are you who are you reveal yourself
Clichy are you mad Clichy I am
definitely not a slow player I
definitely liked playing as fast as I
can and hoping for a counter-attack of
some sort
get the ball get the ball me
and mr. mr. attack we got a thing going
on pass it across gone bank but um sorry
oh no chance no chance and that touch
was incredible Griezmann to nil come on
I can't I have to win one of the games
how's the hip to meet you PI up to meet
you pay up come on man
we did we did we did your wizard no
wizard Dimitri you sketch such a
shocking ball but he's laid it off to
the touch grease my fries burn
freeze button I mean we are doing pretty
well here we are like we are too damn
well but oh you see that
oh that's halftime you see that if that
little trick at work I was completely
through it's deserved nine shots five on
target he has not shot target yet
nothing stupid Simon nothing stupid son
I can't defend off kickoffs pass it down
that's it one more and then all that
touch was grease would touch that wasn't
even creaseman that was to beat you
Pyatt why would you not want him in
every team
I literally just need one goal I just
won gold and I am honestly so safe one
goal that's it no what no what Griezmann
Griezmann great effort what was that was
that shot tell me don't tell me I was a
shot run turning turning turning one
more one more on composite cook oh yeah
you can't get past my wool bitch
there you go what a falter backery
Baccarin lasagna backery lasagna what
and there you go oh why is the lasagna
always up here
and there it is lads we've won it we
want one of the two games that's what
matters
I told you we're not really going for
the tile this year we have nine points
if we get two more wins we are
completely safe if we lose two more
games we cannot win the title right now
we're on track let me know about Earth's
order Brian thank you guys for watching
and see hey Simon why no getting one of
these bro I don't know we talking about
I've already got by it's just down here
okay yes I can't grow a beard very funny
Josh can I can't no louder one day I
will
back with the strongest beard ever I'm
gonna look like a mammoth just foolish
sheep and rubbed itself on my face and
then I'll be laughing over the probably
dead because a mammoth just rubbed
itself on my face fall
