da da da da da da da da da boom good
dramatic entrance
well intro but that was no okay crikey I
think that was plenty dramatic enough
when did you hear that explosion oh yeah
exactly
somehow I'm out of breath from that well
I mean it's understandable wasn't
exactly a one-take thing that why did
you use something that is the actual
first question there the reason I use
this hashtag is because a while ago when
I hadn't posted my Q&A Toby did a Q&A I
gave him the hashtag to use toad Quizzle
so he decided you know what I'll give
Simon one back gave me mint arrogation
classic Toby Simon Ponzi anyways that
was actually meant for a QA and as I had
already asked four questions for the
previous Q&A after that I'd use on this
one so we are doing a Twitter Q&A if you
haven't realized I asked you guys on
Twitter for some questions only using
videos so people that send in videos
thank you very much and now we're gonna
answer a few of the questions that you
have sent in using the Frog on the
donkey
I have not I'm about to see it
apparently there are no frogs on donkeys
on YouTube so everyone always says to be
unique on YouTube there you go if you
want an itch in the market put a frog on
a donkey and video it and away you go
from there maybe a lion on top of the
seagull but you know it's up to you guys
what the your snapchat filters that
go way too far I mean now how you makes
that noise yeah
ah nailed it like brother have you
actually finished duster up yet because
every vlog you like oh yeah need done
finishing touches guys like rough laps
where's at okay first of all as I have
said many many times it is on its way I
don't know why people want settle video
so badly to be honest anything they were
that interesting secondly please film
the right way round you know what I'm
gonna stop doing this yeah flip me mail
let me up Thank You Simon yeah how your
next now huh but yes my setup video will
be out sometime I'd I need a lot of
stuff I just bought like a new mic and
Starfire it's coming together hey Simon
we're not getting one of these bro I
don't know who's talking about I've
already got by it's just down here okay
yes I can't grow a beard very funny Josh
can I can't no louder
one day I will come back with the
strongest beard ever I'm gonna look like
a mammoth just foolish sheep and rubbed
itself on my face and then I'll be
laughing over the probably dead because
a mammoth just rubbed itself on my face
if all the Seidman were a desert island
what would be everyone's job okay so
let's get this scenario so let's get the
scene set it's a beautiful desert island
the middle of the ocean and all the side
men have crash-landed upon it I felt
like dick and Toby would be doing the
shelter because ice like the complex
part that you know they're putting
together the shelter that's gonna save
us from the rain
JJ Harry and Ethan would just go out
hunting there'd be the food collectors
they even would get so fed up with all
of us it is like an island that's like
the size of this room Ethan would just
kill himself straight away so me and
Josh will be planning our escape Vick
and Toby doing the shelter the others
searching for food unless it is a very
small island in which case they are the
food it's pretty safe to say we wouldn't
survive if you could swap four DS with
one other side man who would you choose
and why I get this question all the time
and I still don't know I don't I don't
know what I would I guess I would
probably go with Toby so choosing one of
the people who doesn't live with me
means I'd get to actually experience
what they do all day cuz I know what the
others do so while I don't get to
experience anything different and
therefore anyone who says I tried to be
black I would actually be black I can't
say that
sing in the shower and what do you say
well I sing in the shower purely depends
on my mood I can literally just walk
into the shower one morning and be like
that that's me in the shower boy oh I
could walk in and be like I mean there
are other days as well why listen
something a bit weirder and that's
enough for that question before I
embarrass myself anymore where is your
setup videos oh my god
stop it's coming sure-sure room maybe
maybe not
show us ah he wants to see my room I'll
show my room so obviously you guys have
seen this before but that is my videos
that I'm gonna be doing a publishing to
showing you that but I showed you anyway
over there we have some mess I mean we
got some mess down there as well and
messy mess but that is nobody seen a
fresh set of yours okay this guy needs
to stop I'm going on to the next
question
okay mini men are ways your favorite
football video you have done with
describing and why the original crossbar
challenge because that is like that's
the biggest video I think it might be my
most viewed video my second most viewed
it on my channel but I did really enjoy
the last football video we make cuz
that's the first video we've done which
just aside men and obviously we have
such a big announcement with the
football thing coming up soon the
charity football my Southampton that it
was just so nice to have that there as
well as the actual video so honestly I'd
probably go for the original cost by
challenge but I've enjoyed every single
one you like Oreos
yeah
I don't understand why they're that good
how do I tell her for boy light when a
boy likes a girl he will search through
an entire beach to find the perfect
pebble to give to her when he finds it
he gives it to her and that is the sign
that he likes her and if she reciprocate
she will accept the pebble no no that is
penguin Simon okay
no I don't know I mean if you see him
looking at you from across the room and
he's doing something like this chances
are he probably likes you but you should
also get a restraining order on him
because that was just really weird
Oh Simon if you were in prison what
crime would you've committed to be there
oh no she's back oh god if I was in
prison it would definitely be one of the
most boring crimes ever it would be
something like tax fraud or some ink not
saying that I do you know do that I'm
just saying I'm not gonna hurt anyone
I'm not gonna steal anything it's gonna
be something pretty boring although I
could kill Jay Jay hello Simon
I'm a really big fan from Malaysia and
could you do this for me let your
Malaysian fan bees out there I can't got
you Brad got you all your Malaysian fans
out there I got this ready what's he
gonna ask could you please say this word
kepala by now Koo Thank You Simon
this is where I find out I mean slightly
ridiculous yeah what is going on yeah
wait what's he typing wait wait wait no
no no no no no I ran out of questions
sorry go eat now
right well then I've run out of answers
so I'm gonna go eat now you guys enjoyed
the Twitter Q&A let me know with a like
you should be following me on Twitter so
I can do more of these thank you guys
for watching and see it I don't know how
we're even in the 83rd minute yet and no
one has a goal what what we are you know
what I mean no one
the winning goal you know what just get
ball in that's a foul you submit you
tricked me
okay okay we're actually like doing all
right we're doing all right wait wait no
no no I pass turkeys off cited as a
marinade but I passed that to Muller
89th minute whoever gets this chance is
going to win whoever
