ah
ah Bratva now which players block okay
is the goalkeepers or defenders I
haven't kept a clean sheet in a very
long time at FIFA so today's draft is
going to be the best defenders all the
players with best defense you guys know
how this works I'm gonna do the draft
the player with the best defense that is
the one I pick or the goalkeeper which
has the best one in the same position no
point boring you anymore let's just
choose the team right let's do this I'm
just gonna choose a formation that I
like okay I've stabbed done with all
that bullshit okay I like the four three
two one I beg I get a good thing please
just okay we get we're gonna have to use
Danny Ava's aren't we and if there's one
defender we have to use him because he's
obviously gonna have better defending
the rest of them is neat but 8686 that
this is not gonna go well
the chemistry is gonna be all wrong with
I mean we've already got a BBB a Oh No
89 don't give me a goalkeeper in a
ridiculous niggas your middle right one
speed no Valdez fuck off oh my god
they're so screwed we're so screwed
already I'm really not looking forward
to this one because I'm Way more of an
attacking player than I am a defending
player what the hell is this team
85 85 battery T great another League I
don't have how many leaves can we get
jacking now we do you sure you don't
want to take Jarrett's you wanna give me
the doll okay well that's just fantastic
this is probably the worst team I've had
all day yeah this is definitely the
worst team I've had ever and Insignia
just to wrap it off we get another
League and and uh might link with some
leagues because though it does she need
a left back but has certified well give
you at 90 wonder face geez long bear
enough alarm I mean that's a nice link
I've got there now but we have to take
the best defenders for all of them and
Martinez is useless ah I hate defense
why did i do defense give me someone
okay okay we might be able to make
something here let's see what we can do
we need a couple more good players which
we are not getting 36 wins that I get
Fischer in every single draft as well
when he's so bad 83 no one's being it
without a readout oh boy Felipe Louise
why do you have to do that
all that no I'm not gonna get Messier by
in our way it's course what fuck fifa
now we get here man we still have to
take a dirt cow why do I do these things
absolutely Wabash give me a tip of the
up egg just give me what the thing is
even though I get to the I'm not gonna
be able to choose in my mind final
player in the draft and we get a magical
Suarez let me see what I can do with
this it's official we have the worst
team that I have played with yet okay I
can change that I forgot about that one
let's just get this done yeah of course
he's got that seat well actually the
team isn't that good he's got a messy in
and agüero and I am here to defend
remember I'll know he's bringing people
on all right here we go this is our
template let's see if we can get a win I
really feel like I could win this game
though you know I don't absolutely no
reason why because I can't even pass a
ball but please please please come on
come on just get one go when he might
quit look at him abusing Ronaldo he just
brought him on and now he's abusing him
already you ain't getting away with that
stuff here mister when I say you might
do I mean yeah you won't defense for
life alright you know what
Schneider Lynn let's do okay that's not
really what I wanted but it's Annie wait
cross cross do not do not okay don't
touch it so promising little star that
is all right pause the back and then
take a touch and vid ah ha
you have two chances there make no happy
oh god oh god he's old yo yes
I've actually no I didn't mean to throw
it but it's kind of what I can't believe
that actually I can't believe I didn't
let goal in there but it's what's up its
what's up
whoever you are just please school edge
of the area will I clam up wow that's my
players well isn't it every freaking
time oh no oh no blah blah blah yes
no that's little bad you little nor ref
you are chatting
err crud as my home dog Ethan would say
please go top left please go top middle
doing get rid of that get rid get rid
get rid get what just happened alright
when really you're completely on your
own you're on your own B bleed off
takács below my yes that's a way for
him to make a mistake to school that one
know what I'll take it right we've got
another chance we've got another chance
go on claiming and then one more and
then mid-post how are you gonna miss
that all right we got one light one
final charts one photo shot oh god blah
blah blah blah blah that's a big touch
look oh no we didn't even get corner out
of that that was our final chance
we're not letting him get a chance go go
go go go we we might have one more
chance
no that's it let's go be halftime we
should be winning this one Oh
my god I need to win this game this is
only the first round how the how am I
gonna win another round literally
there's no space past a book possible
look like there how am I gonna get
through that it gives the ball away very
easily but so do I play them in again
right and then Wayne Rooney Wayne rode a
school there I think you would have
scored I hear chemistry oh no no no no I
didn't mean that anything that what
waiver well all over where wait what I
just got a read for that are you serious
cost you only wipe it on this we've lost
one of our defenders how are we gonna
win pass it in pop it in
now wait Mulla Mulla you little sketch
on a real I don't honestly know how I'm
gonna win this game that's why you
beauty oh no oh no no no that's not a
fault okay I told you it wasn't a foul I
don't know how we're even in the 83rd
minute yet and no one has a goal what
what we are you know what I mean no one
has a winning goal you know what just
get ball in that's a foul you sympathy
trip me okay okay we're actually like
doing all right
we're doing all right wait wait no no no
I passed the keys off sided as a
marinade but I passed that to Muller
89th minute whoever gets this chance is
gonna win whoever gets this is gonna win
go go go go go positive tossing right
and no one in video game noise I need to
just learn to shoot oh my god they want
to give me a goal they really want to
give me a goal but I'm not accepting it
why am I not just taking the opportunity
now we need to make some subs religions
putting dani alves and set it back and
putting Khushi out me
sent-off DeMaria DeMaria please stop
please I'm a vast nicely done a steamer
nice too much cloth change player
alright we'll say that no make tackle
big tackle
okay what okay looks like that let's go
hahaha
go go go and then back post take a
corner any attack right now I have ten
men see that bullying you see that ball
if there's a time to score a corner it's
now oh let's go don't say that say that
all right now come out now come out no
no stop I survived I met to win this
game is this last chance before the half
and we know what he's going to visit
every single site is going to do that
and then he's gonna think oh it's
already think it got or not know what
okay let's go he's got something else
and it hasn't it has what what did he
get oh yeah he's off side right half
time I actually might make this the
penalties somehow I mean I want to try
and win it in normal time now with ten
men it's a bit of a challenge though
saying that saying that saying that it
seems he white like I can get there
every time but I just can't do anything
more over now though just chill chill
the Frick out oh no no no no no no no no
great tackle greater pull that's a risk
that slide there oh god oh god
after oh no okay no I am meant to win
this game
if you are telling me that I'm not meant
to win this game after all of this you
are drunk gonna have to go to penalties
as he's turning back his turn back is
turned back that's a goal yeah passed it
across again he's done it again and
again and again and again
he's got that that is heartbreaking
considering I was like this was meant
for me to take it and he's got another
chance just to finish it off just to rub
it in that little bit more but yeah yeah
yeah yeah save that we're not getting
embarrassed here that's all really
happened there it is full-time I can't
believe it well I have learnt right is
never choose the people with the best
defense cuz right now I know what you're
thinking you think you know Simon why
are you playing this why are you only
showing us if you went out in the first
round you think I haven't tried this a
couple of times it doesn't work
no no no no no no no no see it doesn't
work oh no no no no what am i doing
trust me it doesn't work oh god oh god
oh god boy 5th minute of course these
scores I mean the team was awful the
11th man helped there's no point in
these I'm not even gonna bother showing
you them pull my line see right now of
course I am I'm gonna show you what I
get just to show how terrible they are
and why I stopped doing pack openings I
mean the draft to me is just it's just I
don't I don't understand I might I don't
know if I can bother doing these anymore
I can do normal drafts but I don't know
about these because they just get me so
angry and I still have a pack just to
top it all off right brilliant that is
all for today oh thank you guys to
sticking around and watching and me get
absolutely shattered so yeah leave us
with please with one I don't know how
this has happened I don't know what why
he's doing that but you've won this is
possibly the strangest Ultimate Team
episode we have faced ever just so
confused right now I mean I deserve to
win but why did he do that I mean we've
won our first game in Division one
somehow time for the French team to do
this ah please if I can get another guy
who just wants to score and goes I'll
have
