dopers your whoa that's right we are in
Division one and we don't know what I'm
gonna say next
probably should have planned out a bit
better the top comment today was to buy
Wolcott but skews a rapid fielder right
forward right wing or whatever and
that's where to address place so we
can't really do that the next point was
to by Steph Curry or Michael Jordan or
you know that lots I don't know what the
point of that was so today isn't going
to be buying today is going to be purely
focused on winning two matches in
Division one because I don't think you
guys understand if we win this division
now that that's the series oval we've
done it obviously it's going to be very
difficult but I can only lose two games
but with your help guiding me my thumbs
we can do this the BPL team shall begin
this episode let's see the might of
division one he's got a messy I'm like
maybe I should look at doing that maybe
I should get some players unload the
team isn't that good which worries me
because he is probably a very good
player oh come on boys let's do this
play slow play smart oh god this guy
plays smarter than me no no no no no no
no no you serious why did my guy just
lie down in the road throat oh my god
I'm in Division one and I'm already
losing go go go to be a go do and be a
go to be a go alright see your Pappas no
I was completing some guys this ain't
the time for jokes this is the time to
play serious oh shit oh I've done I've
done very well but keep corn corn he's
gonna Keegan he's gonna just run
I stopped him right turn Ian no he's not
is that Oh what they go wait hubba come
on come on great upgrade or you the boy
you're a boy we the best sound weird but
how does he save that I actually deserve
to win this game so badly but I'm not
gonna score choppin play it off let up
for more good gone will do cross no wait
pen read something looking for oh nice
not oh god takes it you know what it's
George best right George best you know
what
bang-won just to get I just wanted a
corner from that oh no oh no oh no oh no
yeah that's yet that is one child I know
it's off side it's off side that is his
first chance it's the goal oh no it's 46
minute its 45th minute where's Matty
okay nah it's 42 fit it's gonna score
now isn't it no wait wait I have a
chance on the boyhood minute where are
you why you're not running cradle you
literally were just walking on though I
know he's not getting any way stop it
yes
no halftime look at that I told you that
was odd no never mind look at that I
told you that was the only other attack
come on I could win this game as well I
know it just need that one nice goal
pass it in right turn out no wait look
don't figure out a way to school corners
you need to go straight to the goalie
like that oh it's just too far out
they've never gonna score look he gives
one chance to and watch him score wasn't
what no no no no ever heard that let's
go
that's like his only chance he's getting
any scoring oh my god or again how have
I not scored a goal in this game it
doesn't make oh my god oh yeah he's
through again and he's got messy in it
it's got
turning no stop see no players don't
make sense some players renow to a messy
don't make sense what a ball what a ball
oh posit and bang wall across doesn't
make that I just can't score tonight
we're attacking now we're going
attacking come on George where's my team
where's our team how's it back muscle
out there you go
buzz it one more bang bang first die but
I don't know how that went in but I will
take you get the ball I deserve that a
little bit we await we have a full slate
it going George George George George
George you know what it's just rest
that's a foul you tricked me you did
something oh my god it's 88th minute go
George best please please please right
how's that there you go they got boom 90
minute and it's too long wait now he's
gonna go transwoman
what he's gotta go for it so do I was it
what uh noways done that great don't
celebrate make go through genuinely
confused what's just I'm going defensive
mate I'm going will you whistle ref blow
your whistle blow your whistle ref wait
with one I don't know how this has
happened I don't know what why he's
doing that but we've won this is
possibly the strangest Ultimate Team
episode we have faith effort just so
confused right now I mean I deserve to
win but why did he do that I mean we've
won our first game in Division one
somehow time for the French team to do
this ah please if I can get another guy
who just wants to score and goes I'll
happily take it I want to win Division
one right now please don't have a good
thing please don't have a good team oh
my eyes a good team oh it's not sold out
this time there's a bit of space over
there gonna get queues for match-fixing
soon that's maybe that's why they're not
here right here we go
we are facing our second opponent in
Division one right you know what
sometimes in - even in Division one you
just got a lump it in Gail Klee she rips
that in that's not a good ball but good
lead
nothing can lead to his counter-attack
oh this guy's not bad keeper keeper oh
good good good cliche gourmet gourmet
rips a ball it bubbles grunt oh that's a
good effort that's a really good ball by
the way Oh
okay yeah it's gonna pass up one more
he's gonna turn in got it read you read
you like a coloring book stop him
what no see you like that what how does
he get that okay we've done well we're
done well this is just a game of defense
right now just run mate just run he's
going at me okay you know what boom
that's straight to the key come ATC's
don't have to make me go there yeah mate
there you go go on George
watch your are no no no Griezmann
Ricky's got two of them he's got two
players for me
I'll give it to you utterly alright yeah
bread that bread know gobbler
please Griezmann fries one come on I
need you now literally neither of us has
even had a chance yet
I don't know how god lemon there you go
look he keeps blocking ever oh my god
how is he you gotta wait it literally I
don't know how this is happening but
neither of us could get an actual jobs
half time and literally I don't know if
either of us has had a shot yet does
that not sum up how boring this games
been or who's gonna get out one goal to
separate Oh nippers backup that was
absolutely awful it's going over but you
saved it at least we've actually got a
shot oh my god oh my god that was the
most power I've ever put on the corner
ever far side far side gone kommen
coming but ah oh no how is he right back
if no one would have wrote that oh okay
we have a charge we actually have a
chance comon comon triple tap Wow yeah
oh my god oh my god oh my god beautiful
man Griezmann I said you got to do
something and boy did you you just did
about four players alright go on go on
play it one no that's not where I wanted
it but it's kind of words out gone go
and you know what not Vanessa it i salah
went in at least was trying to get some
shots you know no no no no no no no way
no way no way he's actually doing the
ball honestly this game is broken no no
no no no no no no that's fine that's
fine he scored don't even try it great
save get to him great good goo-goo-goo
wait you know what all right the help
okay you know what okay it hasn't I
haven't reached it but surely surely
he's blowing his whistle oh my god
we've watched righto oh my god Division
one's going so much better than I
thought what a boring game but two wins
out of two means we are on six points if
we can win
two more in a row than we only need one
more win to get safe team division
that's what I'm aiming for this season I
know I should be aiming for the title
based on the fact I've won two out of
two games let's not get ahead of
ourselves
you guys need to keep letting me know
who you want me to by and it's got to be
a serious suggestion like each other's
comments thank you guys for watching and
see you eventually I released it people
kind of you know I got like six views or
something most of them I think with my
mum but then you know I carried on just
doing it I dropped out of uni I was
doing another job Asda JJ's clothing
line and I decided you know what I may
as well do this on the side I have a bit
of spare time started doing it but we
picked up a bit picked up a bit the
sidemen forms we started in videos and
it just kind of rolled on to the reason
I started is cause of JJ who is your
inspiration or
