yoga's is going on and welcome to your
most frequently asked questions
basically today was gonna be a snapchat
Q&A but yeah this kind of broke my phone
a little bit so now it's just like I
can't use snapchat anymore just doesn't
stop it's constant I tried changing it
it won't change so that plan went out
the window and I thought I'd answer some
of your more frequent questions I'll
probably leave this video as my featured
videos so that it is more of like get to
know me thing and if you come to my
channel if you're new here hi and also
so that you know don't have to ask me
these questions in the next Q&A because
trust me when asked for questions for a
Q&A I get these questions constantly why
you could mini Minter because of my
penis I get no seriously I get this a
lot is because my last name is minta and
I am the youngest of 3 I was always the
smallest until that year 12 I was like 5
foot 3 or something like that that is
why I'm called mini Minter are you going
to any event soon yes but only one at
the moment we've the sidemen if you know
the group are doing a charity football
match in south after we did videos about
3-4 days ago you can buy tickets in the
description basically we're getting a
load of other youtubers a couple of
other people musicians maybe we're all
gonna play a charity football match
it'll be like a big day out all the
profits go to charity it's just a chance
for us to do something that we love meet
all of you and just put all of it
together for a good cause
see ya check out tickets in the
description and it'd be great to see all
of you there how did you meet the
sidemen and who came up with the name so
obviously a lot of people who watched
like a lot of my videos or have seen me
for quite a while you know all of this
stuff but I met the sidemen through JJ
mean Josie I've been friends since year
8 we hated each other in year 7 then we
became like really good friends I
started you know just going to his house
helping him with videos kind of I just
you know how the camera basically then
through that I start playing games with
him he already knew Josh at this point
or zurka josh was friends with Toby
exactly like me and JJ were friends then
we started being in a call together and
they bet Ethan in a stream they were
watching him stream one night on Josh's
birthday I believe but then Ethan was in
the cool with us so it was us five that
was like the original five we started
recording randomly just because we
thought why not you know this is we're
playing and it seems funny so a lot
loaded then we invited Vic to come play
with us and he just kind of fit so we
you know he stayed we carried on
recording couple months later we asked
Harry if he wanted to start playing a
bit with us
it kind of just all fit together and
that was that was the seven side man the
reason it's called Seidman is because
the original five there was you know me
and Toby were like JJ's and Josh's side
men now side band is basically like
someone's bitch who just follows them
around so yeah I was basically JJ's
bitch that followed him around but we
played off the whole joke you know how
it is we thought if you can't if you
can't laugh for yourself you can you
laugh at so that's why we called the
sideburn because we just thought people
were gonna make those jokes why don't we
make the joke as well and it's stuck we
were actually the ultimate assignment to
begin with but sidemen feels nicer when
and why did you start YouTube I started
YouTube two and a bit years ago I think
and I started because of JJ because as I
said I was helping him out you know just
holding the camera I really like enjoyed
what he did and I really enjoyed playing
games so I was kind of like why don't I
just start it do as a hobby I was at
university at this point I spent two
months making my first video and I just
didn't release it cuz I was too scared
of what people thought then eventually I
eventually I released it people kind of
you know I got like six views or
something most of them I think when my
mum but then you know I carried on just
doing it I dropped out of uni I was
doing another job Asda JJ's clothing
line and I decided you know what I may
as well do this on the side I have a bit
of spare time started doing it but we
picked up a bit picked up a bit the
sidemen forms we started in videos and
it just kind of rolled on to the reason
I started is cause of JJ who is your
inspiration or favorite youtuber
obviously if you're looking at it in
terms of inspiration like why did I
start what did I want to achieve
it was JJ it still is to an extent but
my personal favorite youtuber has to be
nigahiga said this countless times
because that guy is a genius him and his
whole group like Sean will and they're
like all of them if you weren't doing
YouTube what would you be doing and what
will you do after if I wasn't doing
YouTube the only way I wouldn't be doing
YouTube is if I didn't know JJ oh he
wasn't doing it because then I wouldn't
have found out about YouTube and I'd
probably still be at uni because I love
uni coz I hang out with jay-z so much
and I kind of like got to do what he did
but then went back to uni so I was kind
of like I I don't want to do this this I
wasn't on the right course I was pretty
miserable I think I probably would have
ended up switching courses and done
something else after YouTube I don't
know I honestly see myself doing YouTube
because it's just what I love doing I
could see myself just do
vlogs when I'm like 40 I know obviously
I'll have a lot less viewers and a lot
less people be interested but it's just
something like I just enjoy making
content if people aren't watching then
people want watching but I just like
making the videos so I don't really see
an end to you too I just see it as
something that will continue it may go a
bit downhill but I don't see it ending
what is your advice for the beginnings
I'm gonna have to whack out the cheese
here okay but just do what you love if
you like making gaming videos make
gaming videos do not try and like bait
people into watching your videos you can
do that to an extent but you need to
make sure you're just doing what you
like the other thing about it is do not
start YouTube thinking oh I'll do
YouTube as my job do it as a hobby if it
turns out to be your job that is
incredible but you shouldn't be doing
YouTube if you think oh I'll do as a job
you should be doing it because you love
it and try and like do a lot of collabs
but this is gonna sound mean but a lot
of people will tweet me and say like oh
can we fill out but it's just that I
don't know them and I would only make a
video if I know that the video will be
good but to drop two people that have
never met into a video would just create
chaos so yeah do what you love collab
and do not worry about what people are
saying okay you're gonna get hang but it
depends whether you can get past that
and then you know move one and just
carry on getting better videos will you
ever come to we don't know okay I get
asked this so many times I am going away
soon I'm not gonna say where but I'm
going away with a couple of other guys
for about a week so I'm trying to get
ahead on videos but we don't go abroad
much you know like JJ does quite a few
things in like America or something but
the rest of us don't really go abroad if
we do and you are able to meet us trust
me we will be the first ones to let you
know but yeah that's about it for the
most asked questions so now you guys
know the answers to those some of you
already did next some asks for a Q&A
okay I want the weirdest questions I
want stuff that I could make skits to I
can do raps to I can do intros to
everything hopefully you guys know a bit
more about me if you are new and yeah
that's that's all for today sorry this
wasn't exactly the longest video or the
funniest video but I thought about it
last time I did my cue nails like people
who have come to this channel who
haven't seen my original Q&A s they
don't know this stuff so I feel like I
should update them so yeah that's all
for today thank you guys for watching
and have a good day
sure I mean this guy isn't exactly the
best challenge but it has men nah
have been able to win a game with this
team I'm gonna take a touch and color
play go go for one good first game is
promising there it is full time for one
good start
one went down I don't even want to say
three more to go because it's not gonna
happen it can't with this team or panic
no I can't I just can't
