yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to another draft I always always
complain about the passing of the
players I get so today we're gonna use
the best classes I was way too obvious
with it anyway we are gonna go for a
formation that allows me to pass it
around a lot which that one I think I
personally it's either the four one for
tonight let's go with a 4-5-1 okay here
we go best pass up do not comment that
is not even a good an 83 83-85 86 we
have to use the broom I'm I'm
surprisingly not upset with a striker
here we go best parcel why we get Suarez
we can add an e broke where I would have
been so good but we have to use the best
part
and that Suarez the other cam we get is
80 81 eighty-five 85 Muller there is
gonna be no chemistry in this team sent
amid the best passer we get has 89
Pareto please please pull it 83 87 87
there's a Robin and a bail and I have to
use hope what am I gonna do please
please please give me someone the links
no they don't link oh my gosh what do I
do
I honestly don't know this is taking the
piss now what am I gonna do with this
team I haven't got a single link yet how
do I not have one okay you know what he
will not link to anyone either we have
three players on 18 now we have a choice
and no one links theirs screw it we'll
just go with the best one ah please BBVA
I'm not a bitch would link with de
bruyne if I swap them but I really like
gonna play I guess so you get right to
the bottom left status the one that I
have to choose I didn't even look who it
was we literally get Leno Jesus this is
bad this is really really bad this
kicking Mandanda what the hell is
happening right now how the hell am I
gonna get a team out of this who's this
guy oh my
all this
what there's nothing I can't do I don't
get a choice
absolutely brilliant I can't do anything
with this like I li I don't even this I
don't even have this worth playing if do
you see him out of all of them in Sydney
worms as waves of the team every type
name are started again in containers
what am i what I honestly on a real note
what the hell am I gonna do with this
team I'm gonna try and fix this where's
this this team is so bad but I want to
be honest with you guys and not cheat it
I'm gonna have to play with it and I'm
trying it oh boy here we go yep yep -
too many years full inform defense and a
record breakers standard dear Lord of EA
please allow handicapped to take over
this game and let me win ah even my
formation doesn't look right now where
is my team okay time to just try this
let's go try and cut up the anchor come
on let's go oh yeah
pass it in remember we are passes that's
what we do not well come on where's the
part look at that look at that pass you
see that part I was amazing that was so
good whoa Oh God posit +1 what's a box
we're not good at shooting apparently
Green Arrow green arrow grenade oh good
there you go wait turn back in Agra
narrow you you take one nil if I could
even win one game with this team I will
be ecstatic l O'Connor plea anchor son
hello hello
yep what what what that's what I thought
yeah that's what I thought that's what I
thought oh oh no I shouldn't have done
that
okay Williams you here bro we ended it
what the hell is that
what okay that's fine one rail just no
goals no goals please okay keeping good
good good goalkeeper get to run good
block go go go go go go counter-attack
now there we go look at that look at
that all right and then pause in wait no
wait pen something please I just need
one more goal I look at this display
positive cause okay
gone clam in and then BOOM oh my god we
up we're doing some nice pass in
football we're yeah yeah drag the man in
and then put a little Oh
Trk posit toss it and then company why
would I even shoot with him his head is
bigger than the gold high his team is
just very good though like if I have to
play against someone with a good team
that can actually play fifa this guy's
not very capable I am screwed
one pasted it was that corner plea ankle
wait turn around we're trying it we're
trying the far side got boom that was an
incredible effort came on way I was on a
little run down Inlet and then yet yeah
he didn't know well I should have
carried I'm running why did I know there
we go yo I don't roll even get near the
goal like that I'm just sitting here
going up one Neil is not comfortable
enough right there you go there you go
look at that look at that ball is this
Granato
misses the goal when it's halftime how
I'm only one nil up I will never ever
know you got to live with it and you
gotta move on and gets stronger that was
me getting stronger
Oh God uh play anchor with the pose with
the pause posit Crossin I'm a passer
remember my team is made for passing
that was a lot my team could plus I see
it as effectively a parson to the goal a
house passed and so is that for another
chance another chart to break oh nice
nice chop nice night and then de Bruyne
win that win that way no how did she get
up oh my god oh my god yeah don't try
and pass it that's my team oh no that's
okay that's one that's one one go back
oh no
okay okay I've been happy with this have
you go get some luck get some luck got
oh no Suarez you turn the wrong way
oh okay Oh Suarez I don't know why you
still bothers marking me back one party
whore with the strike wanna play anchor
cut a plea anchor corner plea anchor oh
all right and then turn back up alright
and then Oh No okay we still have the
chance
still the chance Pedro what why not okay
Pedro you have done magnificently I'm
being very selfish for a team for the
passes hello hello hello hello keep sigh
so far wasn't it thank you screw it
we're just going for it with Luis
su√°rez's Pablo the line you've seen my
videos you know that I hit the post way
too much I mean this guy isn't exactly
the best challenge but it has men that I
have been able to win a game with this
team won God take a touch and cut a
player go go for one good first game is
promising there it is full-time for one
good start one went down I don't even
want to say three more to go because
it's not gonna happen I can't with this
team or canids no I can't I just can't
what the hell man purple Messi inform
renounce screw let's just pass it about
where the hell are you going where you
won't let you I literally if I press if
I hold a my player runs up the pitch
well this is gonna be a fun game isn't
it for the play AG economy err guys
outpaced Bale one that's gonna be a
goalkeeper somehow no it's actually a
corner alright whip it in straight to
the goalkeeper really oh my god oh my
god open goal you have an open goal
what's the hell what the hell no no no
no no
this can't be happening this can't be
happening keeper Thank You PO his attack
is just too damn good look at his attack
his attack his passing around all my
days his attack is incredible where the
hell am i play it now where the what the
block what a block but then he still
scores I don't know what I can do here I
mean we may as well try bring it on
Dima Greer and Muller we just gotta keep
passing it that's that's the rule that's
what we set out on this and Suarez just
doesn't score right turn back out there
you go
Connor plea I go oh my god please no
okay that's kind of work get there
please please level
go on de boigne de bruyne nipples thank
you that's one that's one back if I'm
gonna get gold words pretty much gotta
be before half-time gon pass it don't
knows why are you not okay soiree what
he didn't bite in this time it's not
actually that unfair it sounds a lot
worse considering all three of his goals
are like in the first two and a half
minutes or something Oh Oh on the board
devoid of words at one point oh my god
I'm going to bro it that's it okay all
right de bruyne plus it plus not there
you Mongoose he's literally just like
camped outside my box right now trying
to get a chance but I am fighting him
off with a stick and here he is again
see Renaldo you just I thought I always
missed that yay can you please do
something about it remember when I said
I could use some handicap in this game
please please please please please
please
there are we always goes to the wrong
person
but again we gonna play blame I'll go
Google oh okay it's loose wise it's
loose wise oh there it is three two
we're back in this my lip is sweating I
didn't know that was a thing
seven minutes remaining in this game
he's got Gareth Bale free-kick run
forward
and jump no way no way no rain it's a
prophecy where do we go where do we go
where do we go where do I know Philippe
Louise Fleming going pass it again all
right
God take a dodj swallow the flagship
that was so close oh my God my keepers
up I didn't realize that could be over
that could be game over no no no can't
allow him to have this can't allow this
chance what are you
that's going straight to my goalkeeper
and he does that or not blamin Go Go no
wait wait wait wait no that's straight
to his goalkeeper that's actually it
that's actually gonna be it I could have
scored right at the end gone oh no
please please please please please oh oh
my god yeah that's right I called it
part 1 so that you didn't know that I
went out just then that was a
ridiculously good game though what is
the point of the prizes after one win I
mean a silver pack I mean the passing
team should be really good you have to
get chemistry that was possibly one of
the worst teams I could have created in
terms of chemistry I know I ended up
with like 71 chemistry it was a very
make sure if 71
I should really steely be able to get
like if I had a 90 with passing that's
perfect and those packs they are
terrible that's the passing team done
thank you guys for watching let me know
which one you wanted to do next in the
comments below and see you that time
that saw was amazing but even then I
struggle to school I was so close I
could have worked negative in 1 nil just
as I thought ok George best George best
who's this who's that Oh God who is this
wait come back I pressed this like just
doesn't let me get the show off I don't
know how he manages to do it every time
no no no
