alright guys I'm back on FIFA no no this
isn't a new series - calm down calm down
move your mouse move Mouse now I'm gonna
get dislikes whatever anyway this is my
first draw on a Playstation the reason I
am calling it the best draft I'm sorry
it's a little bit clickbait but I'm
gonna be choosing the highest rated
player hence I have serrated foot drop
you get me I did the last one on Xbox
and then I realized the icons aren't
even on Xbox so I don't know why I was
doing it on there but anyway you know
you can see my record zero zero zero
I'll probably open some packs afterwards
but but now we're doing the draw like
this just proves this my first draft on
here I don't know why you guys would
care that is the first draft on here but
and so with points we're going for just
our highest rating the only thing I get
to choose is the formation you know what
let's go four three four three if you
guys can't tell by the way Red Bull
wears or maybe a little bit hyper oh
thank you arrow left winger
give me a hassle you serious Conor
playing Kerr oh my expect a quick squad
Phil oh there we go
oh okay we're getting Spanish why is he
so angry like what is he looking at
maybe he's looking at him maybe that's
why they're angry Wireless is just on
the side like hey guys this isn't the
best rating we're a team right now but
we'll take a company when I moose we
have to take him Donald would have been
good to me now can't complain give me
another flare that will fit this team Oh
God oh I got a choice keen never did I
think in a million years that I would
choose will keen in the draft and I
don't really care sure dear I could use
the Morris actually give me a
left-winger all Sanchez Welker bass quiz
why we get sulla that could link 84
Draxler
German doesn't link oh there's the
silver that we were waiting for yeah
what no one's ever chosen that he doe -
so I'll choose you
not that I'm choosing the Peter I'm just
you know I was just I was giving him
something to look forward to it that
last weird so we're gonna go for da me
and final play please just give me like
a hazard how did I do that
obviously I'm gassed right now it's ass
taken would also been very nice bail
would have been nice but hazard is the
one I wanted I I don't think I can
really do much to this team we've got
messy on the bench he's gonna come on
don't worry got a lot of Germans I felt
there's something I could do here but
let me try something
nope didn't work this actually doesn't
change anything so we're gonna go for
that team and just see the manager let's
see what manager we can get highest
rating obviously so I can use any let's
go Conte now because I have that manager
it might change it with 94 rated boom 95
for you know what Kings better than him
what the fuck you know what yeah sure
King I we know what we're doing we're
gonna just bring on Messi we're gonna
win
I let me see what you got ain't gonna be
as good as my why so why not get icons I
moved to PlayStation 4 these icons and I
got none let's go let's just you know
let's this let's just bang it right
finesse finesse Oh early chance okay
where did my team just go stay back
tackle tackle keeps thank you good goal
keep in I want to bring Messi on if I
ever I've just let a goal and because of
I didn't know I'm he's missed what the
fuck salad that's off my pitch right now
give me Messi thank you no no no what am
i doing I'm literally it's like I'm
playing for the loss well this is a lot
of pressure this is a lot of a lot of
pressure see you later mate Leonel Messi
I've done a big touch and it means oh I
did I meant it no busy you're a soldier
get me sulla back oh dear oh dear oh
dear what's it have you just given a pen
have you just given has he just given a
pen for that that's a fantastic tackle
oh my god he's gonna score and then it's
gonna rub it in by me pausing it no oh
what's the same son oh my god tight here
we go here we go here we go we'll pass
the back we pass it seriously guys oh
this is horrible this is this is truly
horrible oh my god cocaine heading back
heading back no why am I not winning
anything I just need to give Messi the
book how is that not blocked halftime
and I don't look like scoring at all I
could have scored one with Messi but
even freaking messed it all up
what was that
Oh cuz mess and Messi okay yeah no I get
it I don't know why guys I'm getting
destroyed right now he's always freaking
icons plus our wide what hold on nothing
possible more take such well don't just
finish it that is beautiful oh the men
are winning Messi that's how we do why
am I wearing a Millwall kit I think josh
is on my
playing on posture take a touch Vanessa
go bang - Nell done as I know I got the
ball with Messi in the area and it was
on his left ours light as a goal wow wow
wow
this is classic fee for in it right
Messi boom ah ah it's just beautiful he
turns again always turn them all and he
loses the ball that's just classic Simon
man playing pass it one more and both
don't know how that made it is that
missing its mercy without you no no
keeps come out great save big tackled
I mean interception what am i doing
pause it there we go there it is we've
won 3-1 first round a little bit more of
a struggle than I thought it'd be you
know it's just warm up because I'm gonna
be honest you guys I had to play four
games of FIFA before this as the last
draft I did carry on you know what I
scored three goals so just as a
commemorative something to the last
series I did three goals
I'll open three packs we get up we get a
billboard straight away dead dead of
debris hack number two please come on
please give me a billboard at least
please nope if it's not billboard I
don't care hack number three for the
third goal get me into the next game
what's he gonna have what icons yeah
he's got an icon he's what to inform
seriously my team was shit
I mean at the same that I have to
informs and his art actually that high
rated I take it back I can do this come
on Messi let's do the thing KFC now at
last
really I played against win and now I'm
playing against KFC that's not my family
I can't be playing against KFC and jump
wow wow wow all going that's it
bang it bang how are you not scoring
that man going hazard hazard oh it's a
great ball no he's boss this pen please
plus our white all right turn out no pen
penalty thirds kids are you serious I
didn't even press a button at the pool
okay it works out
wait you know what bang it we all saw
that coming this is it this is the ball
this is the ball and then quit no no how
is he conscious put his foot in the air
and block it like that Vaness ball boom
that's how you do it see that I was calm
from me super sub messy does it again
silver all he read that they've read it
and if I just passed it it would have
worked I am actually getting better at
defending I know you guys probably don't
agree but I am with half time I mean I
actually destroying it I didn't think I
was why you paused
why are you pausing it man come on we
know what you're doing is fueling me up
even more like miss sponsor buy them on
my doing that how the fuck is he still
little bull how the no I don't want to
run out the ball you fucking stupid game
I'm some piss now I'm really pissed and
I'm not I'm not gonna do anything with
it
hazard come on I got a runny nose run
more than my nose and he's just scored
again that's ridiculous
ridiculous come on please please please
that thank you yeah I don't like the
goal animation on this it doesn't feel
like a goal it literally just hits the
net and stops what is this potato that
I'm dealing with what what am i dealing
with these plane is ps4 in KFC that's
what it is how the are you mad are you
serious I'm getting a draw oh my god
says billboard that's cool I'll watch a
billboard okay no billboard nevermind we
did get two goals so we're doing a
second patch it's the second game again
go on show me your icons no icons but
three informs five at the back great
this is gonna be fantastic he's one of
these guys he's one of these guys he
just runs I was a fantastic tackle
turnout ref pen finis no I literally I
had the ball I had the ball right there
please please please please can I just
get the ball I need a goal I need a girl
so he has to attack this freaking five
at the back tactic is gonna be the metal
it's the new meta nice turnout nice
pasta cross gotta take a touch boom you
know what smash it smash it oh please I
need a goal tell you what guys this
guy's giving me the herpes faster back
positiv quick quick gotta go quick
we got your plate oh my god oh my god oh
my god we score see that's the player I
need to do I have time and we're winning
so I mean we're going into the
semi-final at this rate oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my that pass is the
best pass I've ever done Sal oh sorry
mate you don't all right but Messi's bad
here we go here we go pass out
take his touch whip a ball straight to
the goalkeeper but it's time wasting I
was my goal
people have 22 shot power think about it
doesn't make any sense okay you need to
calm down mate you need to calm down
I've fluffed it oh no he fluffed it he
fluffed it hard though I fluffed it nope
yeah yeah I fluffed it hard why did I
not just clear it why did I also bring
on Khedira I hate Kadir oh yeah he's
gonna think I'm time-wasting that he's
gonna he's gonna get more and more
frustrated when really I'm just taking
him up I don't know where to go okay yes
I do
that's weak how am I not finishing any
of these come on that's my boy fuck
that's the bang that is the bang and our
half oh ah blow your whistle ref yes
there we go I'm making real hard work of
this I can tell you that all right we
get two more packs cuz you know we want
to so I mean that's how it works I guess
no why am I doing this just a billboard
that's all I want I just want to see
that little I don't know I just want to
see the shines I know why I feel like
this is the end I know that's bad to go
in with that mindset 63 kami you're
right maybe I don't know why I think it
I just I feel like this guy is it's
gonna be good - I'm gonna get dealt with
FIFA bullshit and there it is I told you
guys I told you this is gonna be a bad
game I mean don't get me wrong guys I'm
it's not like I'm you know can I just
just give up he's decent
he is proper decent this guy he is very
decent look see if that gone in I would
have felt like a mug oh my god oh my god
oh my god and I need to make a stop I
need to bring Messier why are you
talking I'm not going to listen to you
Leonel Messi's come on the pitch and eat
fluffed it absolutely fluffed it wow wow
wow wow wow how does how does that go in
why are you talking to me go on look
we're for this how will you not just put
an ad in the top corner there you go
turn in pass it in one no that was it
gone get off get off get off get off
he's mugging me off in front of my pals
my pals I mean you guys what the oh yeah
yeah this doesn't make sense
this don't make sense was I told you
this was gonna be the I don't know why I
thought it I mean he's cool him rock
all-stars it was just a sign to lose I
don't I beat the Iraq all-stars
ah here we go here we go he's gonna
start it's gonna start mocking me now
any right we're going attack Ian we have
to we have to don't
the Hazzard awful awful and yet my
player just ran away with a ballin
that's what I do
boom there we go we're back in alright
three two we can do this we can do this
okay I'll take a free kick oh okay okay
hazard mate please put that top pins
awful absolutely awful
I don't know how to say it free kicks
all out all out attacking it oh my god
he's off please oh my god - I had to go
all out attack Wow look how far back his
defenses
you know what lean out I'll take a
corner oh my god it's over
how have we just lost of a 63 chem team
yeah boo them that's right boo me I got
two goals plus whatever packs I get now
which an awful premium gold pack let's
just see what it is please give me a
billboard just just give me it's not
even a billboard
are you not shining oh my god right I
get two packs for the goals and a why I
don't know why I'm even doing this to
myself
I don't know you know what i'ma just
open packs and the next pack you see
will be at least the Billboard 2,000
years later we finally got one it's been
so long we get a nipple please please
English left wingback you know what you
know what I'm happy with that
we got an inform I'm happy it could have
been an average billboard anyways I'm
gonna end it there as I said the series
is gonna be coming soon I'm trying to
work out stuff to do for it because I
don't want to just do the same thing I
think I may be trying to incorporate
real-life football into it instead of
getting packs for goals I score I'm
gonna do a challenge and that was it
Kate how many packs are getting then you
guys could tell me what to do the coins
I get from the packs I think that's how
it's gonna work but yeah it's along
those lines let me know what you guys
think let me know what I should do if
there is anything should I base it
around to play or should I just go from
scratch that's about it for today so oh
my god alright there we go finally I'm
ending it there finally got a billboard
player I thought for a second it might
open uber Fallsburg I don't care it's a
billboard player that's it for today
guys thanks for watching leave a like if
you enjoyed it you want me to post more
stuff like this ya lost anyway oops I
mean Graham I in no scene
my circle that's my team if you ain't
that more time you can fuck off mine
okay by an x-man scream I'm going
through this thing that I'm old till I
surpassed hundred thousand soul told my
manager fuck this job I'm gonna take my
tongs on the road minimum wage you
