oh oh please let me do this last time I
left you with two games left
we need one win out of those two games
yep into dr. John Warren if we get both
wins we win the title you guys actually
did as I said and liked a lot of
comments but the top comment that I can
see was this one and that was to get
Coleman a his new upgraded left wing
position Kingsley Coleman or did I
actually say his name was a strike he
with a silver strike and now he is a
gold left winger and his Scott is pretty
sick can't defend he is expensive but
we're gonna buy him and you know like by
the end of the episode he'll easily have
been paid off and the team that we are
using is the French team so samir nasri
you could potentially go into the BPL
team I really like Gradle Coleman is
gonna be playing is a left winger I know
but we're gonna leave them as a left
winger for now ah one wind
come on French team let's go let's do
this well well looks like my ex was live
ran out so anyway I'm at the game and
let's see the team he has ag√ºero when
yeah Guerra yeah okay come on boys let's
do this
listen let's just win this game and like
that that's it once this game is done
that's the division let's go let's go
let's go just go posit that button what
okay okay we're still going we're still
going you run it away from the ball mate
okay
comon I'm not impressed if you're gonna
run away from the ball that's a good
ball good ball good wait so back oh good
no I didn't actually mean to pass I know
I pressed it but it doesn't mean I meant
it okay we're in a little bit of trouble
a little bit of trouble get him get up
yeah I know you're turning and we all
know you're telling your Degel did I
look it oh he got blue bye-bye decay
gone get that no no no no no no no no no
I'll bring it go go go go go go let it
take such and such and finesse why did
he not bring his keeper out how did I
not score had so much time I didn't even
realize no no no no
he knows dragged his player out of the
way and good effort okay to me jump ayah
is a G or what but can he do no he can't
let me do it listen this guy doesn't run
this guy doesn't go in for anything
Oh George Busbee fucking what is that
well blow em Go Go Go Go loses Remy Remy
Remy what was that touch all right we're
going for it we're going for it whoo yo
all right yeah he's right he's read that
but as I read this I didn't read that
either good Oh sugar Oh sugar it was on
side why would you just shoot from that
halftime Neil Neil I just need one goal
and then just sit back and win and I
feel like I deserve it you know that's
this is my opinion one goal come on
let's hit one goal was it down there oh
wait oh that time that saw was amazing
huh yeah we've anello struggled to score
I was so close that could have worked
negative in one nil just as I thought
okay George best George best who's this
who's that Oh God who's this wait come
back i press this like just doesn't let
me get this off I don't know how he
manages to do it every time no no no no
we're not passing out there we're not
passing that's one Griezmann it is
Cheerilee knee is tied this Cheerilee
knee is tied gonna get booked okay we'll
take corner I did that bad he's coming
he's coming there's the ball there's the
put that in Louisa's big ugly heads in
the way there you go keep going down the
line and now get ballin that's him
how was he not scored back hey that's a
good ball that's a great ball how the
fuck is he doing
get know there is no way he is not
scoring how do I not score he'll try two
different times it we tried a different
tactic of the road think I just proved
myself oh no oh no oh no
he just passed me he decided like he can
be bothered anymore oh no no no no no no
no that's a he's not doing very well at
finishing is he here not at all
thing is there's no point in a draw
there's absolutely no point in a draw
for me I have to go for the win like
even if I even up but it what's a finish
just Griezmann look I don't know how
this ball I didn't think he was gonna
get to it and then BOOM just caresses it
and they keep almost favored and that is
85th minute stop the ball stop the ball
oh where are you going mix tackle a peg
I think you make a tackle that'll do
I will happily take that is the 88th
minute just hope is not one of them like
expertise at free-kicks wasn't bad one
little letter yet no stop this what why
is it nice gesture we did it girl your
promotion win Division one boys next
episode we're in Division 101 Neil that
is like the first time in so long it's
been one nail there it is beautiful we
already that means we get what 10,000
coins and a minimum of 10,000 as well we
could get 13,000 it may as well play
with this theme cuz why not
I mean we have nothing to lose we can
only gain I don't even know what it
seems better anymore when was the last
time I even won two games in the world
that is a good team but I don't honestly
don't remember the last time I won two
games so this would be a good time I
mean Division one would be actually be a
better time but this is still a pretty
freakin good time okay he's a bit better
than the last what them how did he just
get me he should have scored what the
hell is this this guy's a monster I'm
five minutes in and he already deserves
to be five nail up one Simon don't let
the team down okay he doesn't know where
I'm going though he doesn't know where
I'm going exactly exactly where am I go
brother
good and then cradle the boy goal ah
yeah exactly I'm not letting the team
down today boys this is going well this
go very well we know what Gradle the boy
does not a pass by the way before anyone
even thinks that I tried passing that
from there what the hell how does he
dribble round me like that just don't
care he can do things that I just don't
understand how you even do a fever oh my
date is very very huge he is very good
at dribbling I'm just defending like an
utter spanner I knew it couldn't win two
games in a row
this guy's 1 million billion trillion
percent on defensive and it's pissing me
off
go on play them on all right you know
what finesse that in club what's a
finish there's a void that's been out
thought I'd go for it I mean now I'm
only one goal behind and we have a whole
heart this guy is definitely better than
me as well come on I just want to spoil
his party I don't want him to be Jamie
body I got a little a tackling mouth
gone yet and then you're gonna go time
down the line no I've read that I lived
wrong I said he's going down the line he
did and then he turned back in and just
got a little gold so now our goal is
littler than how you measure a goal in
proportion of size oh oh please please
please please
oh ho baby it's just one of them games
where everything seems to work for both
of us you want to not make you wanna run
enough
you wanna no no no no no no no no no you
see what I mean everything is working
what like that like what the hell ah
it's just not fun to play against this
style gone gone gone gone gaga desert
that's a shocking ball George gone wind
up please please win that god no how
does he get around me like this what the
no I didn't do that I didn't do if he
had scored that I would have punched
someone or something yeah there you go
there you go there you go there's a god
that's a nice goal as well 6 4 isn't
embarrassing
I mean it's embarrassing I left 6 goals
in as before I mean I am even have a
more I mean no nevermind nevermind okay
6-4 isn't that bad you know well let's
just forget about that game let's focus
on the fact that we are in Division one
lose ten thousand coins that has just
paid off for Coleman
justify what we are in the final
division of the entire series but you
guys need to let me know who I can
improve my team with I have I'd say five
six thousand coins maybe it's worth you
know just holding off like a couple
episodes probably just one but let me
know by liking each other's comments
thank you guys for watching and welcome
to Division one baby the Reichsbank babe
perfect once again hold tight all the
brothers out there in Cameroon see what
because I'm a tiger in case I will
camera shirt last time it makes ever two
years ago wrote ashore this one goes up
performed by Cameroon
