I am terrible at FIFA now so I'm not
gonna be doing any challenge on this
draft I did it before made it to wins
and then lost the third game and now I
am trying again with the normal draft
because when I started FIFA 16 I did so
well the first rough they ever did I
want now I can't even get near the final
so we're doing the draft normally I am
just picking the team of that I like
okay and that's all I'm doing four three
one two we're going for a 433 captain
time here we go what player oh we get y
yeah Ronaldo was there I was about to
just choose it but we got it I really
like Ronaldo but I'm gonna go with Messi
I don't know how you turn down a 99
rated player so striker we get no one I
mean he's Argentinean so we go for him
sent amid come on give me someone in La
Liga it's always Lily isn't it this the
draft is getting boring with just being
la liga players you know what Hamsi
let's try and make this into a serious e
come on no do we go BPL or do we stick
and go which one of those who do we we
go into yesterday we swap those two
around it's a nice little link left-wing
here we go we're gonna get a now don't I
have to take him he doesn't link in
Sydney does but Ranaut is Ronaldo you
know Yannick should you plan sentiment
I'm gonna have to try and get a
left-wing artist this is already going
bad you guys left back we get ah well
that doesn't really work we're gonna
take Filipe luís just hope that we can
get a Liga BBA sending it in the subs
come on over get in who we get in we're
gonna use cast on actually yeah yeah we
gave him and then now if we can get some
that's freaking awful what is this I
mean we have to go with him because he's
Brazilian no yes mad this is going badly
I know I've got those top two but as
I've decided it doesn't matter now I'm
screwed with this one and I have no idea
to choose yeah let's go with
the Mario Gaspar loli please be
Brazilian it's only Julio states are
really down we're gonna go with the
inform poof fun I'm not choosing
Camellia third thing he did last week
here into his own gold I think that's
the first time I've ever seen every
single league be outlet right Buffon ion
to the subs my hope is that I either get
a sense of mid that will fit instead
organic that's in Liga BBVA oh I get a
left-winger that I can put instead of
Ronaldo and then bring one out of one
but what's it gonna what's it gonna be
that was terrible yeah we'll put him in
because he's Brazilian center fight we
need a good scent about Joe Oh Dani
Alves is perfect actually but llama full
arm and Oliver I mean the Bundesliga
players don't really fit Dani Alvers
actually that could work very nicely IM
we gonna get this it's turning it's
slowly turning round but now it's just
gone backwards we just haven't got any
Ligue 1 players you're gonna take my
staff II what am I done
I've actually brewing this one no I
don't want stadiums or cams all right
mid I don't have any of those positions
I've used cured she were yak before and
I hated him so I'm gonna take his on the
offense that's not the players looking
for to replace none of those are oh yeah
they were gonna get him we'll try
something out I need a left-winger from
Assyria I'm gonna take him just as I
have a better striker right now this is
not going too well left wing left wing
why are you giving me pimple fissure
again just as the pie set we're taking
my reserves please give me some one
named Arthur screw it we're just doing
it so it always ends up as now I get too
excited by the attackers and don't they
think they gonna take him and really
really hope that that works I could use
a serious striker that's a bit better I
mean I could replace Philippe Louise
with him anyway this is Stein to look up
a bit but we still don't have that I
mean you've got get 4 GU Li and D Mario
are good but we don't have a striker
that very very good wait it was a board
I hate not Korea chewy a cute ah screw
it DeMaria can come into the team right
please be strike and last one strike and
Silver's he's got some pace script last
one manager who we gonna get and we get
a Syria there's no other choice really
right let's see why I can do okay so the
team is very very well
boof one is on an 8 chemistry so it's
still decent we're playing these two
centre backs because I don't really have
anyone elses Center I put one other
Center back got Ronaldo on a bench we
got name on a bench got demon rear on
the bench or in for Phillipe and Louise
on the bench and we decided cereal for
the left side so we put in form Gollum
and inform insignia on Ronaldo could
come on but we're gonna try out his team
and really hope that my defense don't
let me down okay the first opponent we
have a rock I didn't even know there was
a purple guerre oh I know what you're
only meseta ah this is gonna be bad
let's do this guy's please just just
just play well please a peg
oh no agüero come on man you're purple
you're not freaking I don't know
something better the purple Oh God
oh oh goodness gracious me off site he's
positive and I'm taking that as a sign
I'm taking it as a sign okay
Lopez sorry mate you just not a team of
the year and out of are you he's born to
Piper Bruno I we got chances now as soon
as Ronaldo comes on we got that's a foul
that that's it's about Messi over the
ball goes through the water over the
goalkeeper well over to got i've been i
meant over the wall and it worked
it's just see africa brea the line I'm
just not getting anything against this
guy this guy is so boring
we're half an hour and I'm pretty
certain I've shown you like one
highlight in the whole thing who do you
think that's because I've gone
whoa whoa I could not be wrong because
it was it wasn't right they're like oh
Rev I want my free kick that's all red
as well he's on the edge of the area
he's gonna put a play on the line if he
does I'm gonna shit on his nose oh my
god it is actually a red it's actually a
red yeah exactly
now he's not gonna play online because
he thinks some guy has been like what
the hell oh no oh no oh geez how is he
getting this he's going to got ten then
pause it
you guys run wait oh my god I'm losing
to ten men I'm just making a dramatic
that's what I'm doing ah this is this is
just horrible this is horrible
stop bail was that no I know if you'd
pass that down it's completely through
and I'm losing to this and I just have
to be losing what did he have all these
shots oh okay look how far out there
from a sense we go what the hell was
that wide on my players why can't I pass
but they can they can but up run be up
alright haha
run what the hell were you doing sir oh
no no idiot stop oh thank god it was
Iniesta not someone actually good at
shooting please nice living right but
that wasn't good there was those perfect
my cool Oh run run your beauty gone and
signe come on big touch big touch not
nippers bang no no no I know he's a
legend and everything but come on does
just what um wait ok this is this is it
this is it
there you go there you go how is he
doing this
that's it extra time in the first game
Oh My gods if I do this and I lose I am
I might cry tonight ok this is a big
chance this is a very very big shot no
no that's no I didn't ok never mind
never mind I did so badly with that yet
I scored so look in there for Mike okay
now we're steins to show our dominance
come on Ron come on Ron
oh yeah that's what I thought make you
thought you'd go for that big old run
doesn't score Oh run run you beautiful
man just messy you're they need to play
together in real life
ah please just end this that must surely
like three one and here's ten men surely
I get half time ah the 11th man is
really kicking into effect now hold the
hell up
how is he how was he just like what the
hell there you go there you go Kenny
Esther and he has that go for it go for
it that didn't make any sense goal go
for it I'm just running through him now
I'm literally and I'm not I'm not taking
prisoners
I'm not taking what the hell what's that
the hell I think that's it guys I think
I have done it there we go we've done it
okay first round done we struggled but
it's done
ah we ended up pulling it back I
wouldn't have said it was a 5:1 but I'm
out we just go straight into the next
game don't we we would just got Bremen
Ronaldo straight away it worked
okay opponent to his team might be a bit
better okay he's got the two oranges in
a record break up but the actual turkeys
got legend as well but a team isn't
actually that good let's just try and
win this game as well and see if we can
progress into the next stage he's
positive that is a sign Lopez sorry mate
you're off as well he's gonna do it as
well you played well der Lopez I'm proud
of you ah here we go he's big old ROM
bog run bog how is he getting okay no
let's just I just knocked over my own
players get someone get to him oh this
is you're taking the piss now bro what
the fuck no no no no no not not you it
changed players so my players slid their
thighs kick this okay with one down
again with one down last game and we
pulled it back we can do it again
he's quite rash in the tackle though so
I feel like I could use that to my
advantage
okay come on we have a chance we have a
chance we have a chance and fuck the
other fucked up a little bit okay they'd
still would still on the chance is still
on I'm really fucking this up badly that
tackle made no sense
I don't be one of them one
one of them where you score ridiculous
free-kick don't even why trying that
like that like that exactly like that
how am I gonna lose this guy isn't
actually good
I can I can tell I need to go badly okay
pass let off four more right turn back
turn back in right Tony
Fleming there you go that's Thor Winnie
Esther can make that gon play play go
right yeah nice Tommy nice Tommy nice
Tommy right I'm ref thank you bye where
do we go where do we go what the hell
give me a pen give me a pen
he's doing a Brenda's about that what's
not a pen and it's a yellow as well all
right please run he's really putting me
off ah yes
couldn't be to kneel down at the break
that's too much all right all right we
might not actually be down other we are
gonna be down at the break I don't know
how did that pass that work go on make a
tackle make a tuck okay would we down by
one that's not too bad again I'm getting
dominated in a lot of games because I
only shoot when I think I can actually
score maybe that is a fault of mine
maybe I should just shoot at things like
that and take a corner okay we're
getting a little chance we're getting a
big chance big job no messy out of
everyone I want as well Missy he is
playing so defensively
okay that is a fantastic ball when he
didn't touch it
she didn't touch it right Yannick the
energy via pen pen pen just are the mind
games are mental right now where do we
go we're gonna go for the other top
corner I cause we're back in this it's
tool I miss season around mrs. Anna
Randy's passed across the gold from we
go run and these scores these Mel three
two what oh no oh no oh no oh no no I
see where he's going but this lag it's
gonna be hard for him it's gonna be very
hard but he's done it he hasn't done it
get rid of this get rid get rid get rid
get rid get rid bone I'm sorry guys for
doing it I don't care that it's mean or
actually you know what pass it for more
one more one more there we go right
there we got it's now officially over
and we have won another game won another
game
I'm enough of a song but that's two wins
this is where I got to last time I lost
the next game so today's aim win the
next game so the team standing in my way
of beating last time he has the Ronaldo
he has the Bayeux he has the messy but
he has 80 chemistry how do we beat him
let's find out now
I mean Messi you've done some decent
free kicks to start with and you almost
continue the approach there you go there
yeah there you go boom finish it finish
it finish it there we go one nil he
annek I ain't even brought on Ronaldo
yet let's go let's go in a yes though
use your pace use the pace that I know
those 90 year old lakes have oh my god
maxi maxi pads no we could have reached
and potentially got something there you
know lemme go google okay please Dutch
mus across buzzer goes they know that
was way too far way way too far know
what it's messy messy can do these
things he's the special one here's that
is awful we don't know what we don't
know what this maxi guys like in terms
of speed or stamina or anything I'm not
I'm not risking it all though saying
that he's done he's done very well where
he did very well
dani alves on the run forward Leonel
messes
a corner Oh God Oh God I've done very
very well there to hold him off for that
long
that's that I've done well Danny no
Danny Boy Danny oh boy Danny oh boy
that's his new name Danny old boy
because you just put me in a heap of
trouble
please great challenge but please get
that again nice nice go go go go go go
go go go No I'm winning guys that's what
counts just hope that doesn't change a
signe and signe and stick me go and run
down the light all right turn back put
it in and then what chaos facing the
wrong way I can understand you missing
that no no racket it's great safe boo
fun why am I not bringing it out of one
Lopez you've done very well this game
but Renaldo's better there you go there
you go
nes star party gloss no I was okay it's
a corner oh boy looks at the goal yep
yeah how how was he just go through one
little move we're back to 101 now I'm
not even confident there you go there
you go
all right we're doing very very well in
Prosser
oh I did but I didn't mean to mess he
puts the ball in Baba's would we go
that's a foul I was completely like I
was I was literally I don't know how I
could have been an easier header let's
do what we can here let's do what we can
please come on right we have a very big
chance a very very big chance pass it
cross rest breath I don't understand
that every time I'm just getting fouled
this is a beautiful chance he's off his
line just run in the 89th minute
he has just scored that goal right you
know what if goolie goolie goo girl oh
that deflection and it should be open
why is he not blowing this oh there we
go we've done it we're in the final one
more win and we've won the draft that's
it one more this guy is wearing a
Division one kit so he's going to the
truth and has that team jeez if I don't
like a goal in against this team
I don't know how guys this is the most
important game of your lives okay we
need you to play as good as you can he's
paused at up to two minutes he's doing
it as well and I think I'm gonna have to
do it as well maxy maxy
oh no wait Lopez Lopez Lopez whoa ref
night what I called breath before
anything
happen he's bought on Griezmann as well
um no he's got a ridiculous Strikeforce
and here's his first goal the up there
it is this is first goal I have a habit
of going one goal down but how are you
gonna get George we're Team of the Year
Neymar and Team of the Year Messi in the
same team that is but look at the way
they just look at the way they can
caress the ball what the fuck
ah I was to kneel down in one of the
games but it was not as good as this guy
ah this guy is very very good though I
like I can't I can't deny anything he is
very good you can tell he's good like
just wait plays and fat defeating me
very easily whoa although I could get
goal here run gasps there's one play me
go go go go go
fuck that is absolutely shocking Hamza
claiming go go go go go you're on you're
on you're on so you that is absolutely
shocking and I hate you all this is
ridiculous I actually should be winning
this game I didn't think I'd ever say
that but I actually do deserve to be
winning this game I just can't get gold
Neymar that was so obvious
don't luncheon get rids halftime to one
down and it's it's not I'm not out with
it that's all that matters is I'm not
out with it and I should be winning but
you're they go you're on you're on
you're on you're actually on and that's
a freaking y know oh that was so close
go on run come on go on run turning
Chris Chris 100 how have I done this I
honestly don't know okay okay get ball
in that straight to the cue ball messy
no I'm a spanning shoe you probably can
hear me spanning it messy messy messy
nibbles
oh sweet run run run boom rev wait plus
in no that was it those were one chance
those well not my one chance cuz of
scored but you know I mean Oh piss off
piss off no nice Godman and he's
somebody first minute he scores
oh my god extra time in freaking final
why does it have to be then like that's
just the worst possible time now it's
extra time right come on Neymar he's on
friends signe let's try this slam on
blame or girl in Oh little poor nano
Messi you want to be a sudden Presta the
thing I actually hear the flower
language going through gore miss please
miss know my days please can I just get
go go score please my god halftime and
we're still drawing if he's 120 I don't
know why I'm gonna do always going for
that little dribble in no no no no no no
make the tackle oh my god
just dribbles like that I've just lost
I've literally just lost in the fucking
final for three extra time four minutes
to get goal and that's all need figure
to kind of ease don't come out keeper
don't come out you bitch win that please
it's against George where I earned a sit
and we were one kick away as well one
kick away from winning the entire game
another I'm not even like focusing right
now no we've lost what was like what's
gonna happen there there we go I can't
believe I lost honestly on it I didn't
feel like I deserve to win any game as
much the fell out that one after the two
nil it was all me
third one what am I gonna get through
with is that it I got that I'm pretty
certain when I lost the first round what
am I gonna get yeah look really boom
great and now this one 12 players and
only three of them are rez freaking
point of this
I didn't even flash up with a rare that
is absolute bull honkey we almost did it
guys we should have done it let me know
if there's any variations of the draft
want me to do I want to sub into a sock
thanks for watching and see you got it
again i i8 fulfilled my wishes just run
just run run run run run run run run run
run run run run limbo and then Erikson
finished uh please haha I'm more getting
the luck today
oh oh oh do be a dummy world to me
finish that please there's a horrible
lag and
