why isn't anyone liking comments and why
am I wearing these glasses what am i
doing the top comment had like 70 likes
and it was one of them ones that I like
this comment and keep it running even
amount of likes the next top comment
only I'd like seventeen likes and said
put George vs. the right winger so that
he gets chemistry and both teams so push
they only sold two five and a half
thousand now we have the upgraded one so
that's only like eight hundred and fifty
coins there we go probably could have
got that cheaper so he's on a nine chem
on this team now I mean that's better
but now we need to buy someone for one
of the teams so like each other's
comments okay one point is all we need
today to remain in this division at
least if we win both games then we are
one point away from promotion four games
left so this episode next episode we
will know what is happening with
division one or division - then I'm into
Division one that's the final division
and the divisions being released next
week isn't it French team let's do this
come on
Division two he's got hope what's about
it ah come on Fred cheese let's do this
some say that because of this series
George best is now a living legend in
France
others say that I just made that up but
you know we'll have to agree to disagree
let's do this
oh-ho-ho Sammy go on some it put OH and
then turn back in yeah that's what I
thought and it's her back here one more
and the finish sorry but my god how is
that just happened get it off both posts
and then after that he he literally hits
both posts and then after gets the
rebound and has an open goal except his
own
Oh God how does he even just how this is
a very open game right now but I need to
score badly because he will take
advantage of this being open as open as
a whore in a whorehouse where am I going
where I'm at let's go oh oh no no that's
the goal why didn't I just clear it I
told you Houk is the one to watch that's
it hiiiiii come on come on oh my days
he's got another chance - he's gone
going loss that was awful me how am I
losing to this guy you see that far side
far side gothic as such what I didn't I
didn't press anything
I just wanted to control it how is he
playing around me like this okay I saw
that coming
where am I going slide oh that was dodgy
that was very dodgy how would that this
many people
coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo coo I'm
gone Nazeri nothing make up for it
please Nasri how are you not putting
that in oh my god please nursery nursery
but oh good nursery nothing for this
week no no no course no no I can leave
it leave it leave it I need George
Buster play left mid coz he able to put
these away Nasri if you're not doing too
well son oh no go on he's in wise up oh
my god take such boom boom boom there we
go for you since the minute had to be a
go we back we back like Remy schools we
back in this there's half time and we
are back in this one oh isn't too bad as
long as we're not losing that's alright
we didn't leave one point to be safe and
I mean for some reason my shots just
aren't going on target I've had a lot of
shots let's see what the second half has
in store for us Jeff Remy Remy just get
across in bad personas this book oh no
no no no no he's definitely gone
defensive now because there are
absolutely there's just so many players
back only are there's so many players
back but when he takes a goal kick and
everything there's like eight players by
the goal it gets you what that's a foul
I have faith that we can score one
corner please
these please can we score a corner I
don't care if it's not clean
what the hell no George noise noise a
peg oh my god how am I losing this for
God please George George bastard go
that's why when I'm on the other side
instead of Nasri game back on bitch I
only got left got what four minutes left
how am I gonna score back pose that's
just straight to the goalkeeper backery
saggy knees why is it saggy knees again
I don't want saggy knees closet there we
go George best across it but Oh take
corner had faith that I'll score one
there that's not it because this salad
caravels clean that's it full time we
get a point which is I guess all we need
to be safe in the division but I really
just wanted to win both games today so
that next episode I needed a point and
he had one shot in the second half I
really okay we have to win this game if
we win this game next episode we need
one win to get promoted I don't like
that please please please please please
please please
oh god those players they're not highly
rated but they're all very good those
are all like beast players oh yeah he's
got a full stadium doesn't it I see how
is Playmobil Google good for video
nipples banger that's not nipple that's
a pen that's a pen not quite sure how
that wasn't a foul why just ever what's
the point of that don't do it again
don't do it go he hasn't done it again I
I ain't fulfilled my wishes just run
just run run run run run run run run run
run run run run member and then Erikson
finished uh please haha I'm more getting
the luck today oh oh oh
dooba dooba blow damn if Vanessa please
dies a horrible lag and finish whoa
deliver him what the hell just happened
what a horrible horrible time to like
come on cradle the boy the boy look at
the place look okay alright and
oh there you go there you go you dumb
one you've done 100 all right that
that's that's kind of what should
probably try and score now cradle the
boy again the boy the boy lemon good oh
yeah yeah Wow
was that not dangerous tackle oh you are
pissing me off you up don't be a foul
don't be a fuck
get rid get Leo day you how the hell did
he even get chance their eyes 45th
minute it's 40 okay no one no you know
what let's end the half there we go very
very dull game but we are winning I will
happily take the Dulles to games if I
win but I haven't won yet have I
where's my defense where's my defense
where's my defense where's my defense
where's my defense where was my defense
oh no oh no what am I done what have I
done to this world look what I've done I
was just working make tacky make tackle
with tone do not what what are you doing
wait wait wait okay get that get that
get that and danger is gone danger is
back make tacky make a tackle make it
darn means on a little run diamonds on a
little run should have passed it wake
still on still on our edge right turn
out or Erickson with the little fancy
triple one he's missed someone got
touched on it but oh I should have
scored their eyes keepers coming to get
ID or what's in a little jabs Oh
blame it go please Tom Ian dummy aw
durian durian deal why's he got plan no
no no no no change when Jana please I
beg it's a good touch that's a sick
touch he's always in the way any we have
ten minutes remaining ten minutes but it
are actually sweating right now I need
to win this game
please mr. Hall mixer oh that's not good
enough no no no no no he's dummy he's
done me he's done another playin
checkers save the day for Ben it's
raining we are now in the 90th minute if
I win the header
oh no that's it that's game he's scored
he's school cuz David Luiz is up why is
David Luiz here why is davon Louisa 19th
minute go go go go
to get to again sir kids yes run run run
George George whoa good George come back
Oh George you know what you know what
you know what we're going for this we're
going for the open gun he's done very
very well there he hasn't done very well
and we've won food I could have gone
either way but it didn't everyone now we
need one win in the last two games to
get promoted to Division one
right now we're guaranteed 7,000 coins
will get 10,000 if we get from over
13,000 if we get the title so I'd say
aim for a player worth 10 to 15,000
because I still got that 5,000 cauchy
only that is all for today let me know
and like each other's comments there you
guys watching and see you tell Siri to
beatbox Siri can you beatbox is 118
practicing boots and cats and boots and
cats and boots and cats and boots and
cats and boots I could do this all day
clothes Oh boots and cats and boots and
cats and six hours later oh my god he's
gonna get stop stop stop
there's that kind of work you know boots
cat cat Simon will you ever make a music
