Wow this is am right intro by doing yoga
with sumo suits
welcome to sumo yoga where one movement
is enough hence the name Yama you only
move once we do the traditional yoga
poses like downward-facing dog the chair
pose
the extended side angle yoga pose as
well as the extended hand to big toe
pose yo guys what's going on and yeah
I'm sorry this is taking a while this
this is really taking a while the
questions are from January the end of it
I mean February is a short month in my
defense not stop stop Simon ok I'm sorry
guys it's been a long time since I've
done a Q&A to be honest I don't really
have a reason so realistically I'm sorry
but I have one now for you and hopefully
there'll be another one soon so let's
get on with questions if you could be in
any film what would it be and why I'd
either be in a film called battleship
just cuz runners in it's a nun meter or
I would be in just something that was
incredible like I'd be in like Lord of
the Rings or something like that because
then once you're in that film you know
that's like a sick film you are
remembered forever or something really
cool although they're all special
effects I really don't know I'm gonna go
with battleship Rihanna see you soon
reenact the death scene from The Lion
King with Vic
come on long live the king
bitch wait
Nick give Hanson lightning have you know
so I have to shut up get shot and fall
off oh alright don't live the king
fuck you Simba saber-6 say pers say per
sickest and how does that say puss
PASOK hiss huh sick kiss get go postal
on laudamus this is capisco
dammit the Siska Scopus tele are Dimas
PASOK kiss get Co pastelly or dermis
there we go done did it that's all I'm
doing
did you ever trained martial arts
yeah fuck here oh oh no no no I'm
guessing you could tell no no I didn't
well actually saying that I did do
karate for about five six weeks or
something like that the problem was
every single one of those was a
beginners class so me and my brother
both went to a karate lesson but we
didn't want to go on the same day so I
went on the Tuesday he went on the
Thursday
turns out you a min ago to the Tuesday
one before Thursday so he missed the
beginners one but every single week I
love the same thing over and over again
so I was really good at this that's
that's what I was good at I could do
this all day
meanwhile he's they're doing kicks and
flips and stuff so yeah you guys need
anyone to perfect like one karate punch
I can do that that is as far as my
martial art training goes although I
have seen Karate Kid a few times if you
reenacted Goldilocks in the Seidman
house who would be Goldilocks and who'd
be the Bears I would say that JJ would
be Goldilocks my idea behind this right
is because Vick is the youngest and he's
also the smallest so he'd be the little
bear Josh's dad EAFF apparently I don't
don't ask
and JJ steals everyone else's food so
who it's between me and him and
Goldilocks went in and you know stole
the food so it's got to be him and if I
call him a bear he'll call me racist
can we see your whip
his whip yeah they've been that one they
meant the other one the other type of
whip not this one the other type of whip
tell Siri to beatbox Siri can you
beatbox is one I've been practicing
boots and cats and boots and cats and
boots and cats and boots and cats and
boots I could do this all day
clothes Oh boots and cats and boots and
cats and six hours later oh my god he's
gonna get stop stop stop
there's that kind of work you know boots
Cat Cat Simon will you ever make a music
video boots and cats three star one tape
goes out to all the boots the pussy's
down there
shredder has collected myself probably
not can you put your legs over your head
um no I mean I'll have a go my left leg
is really really on flexible and also I
played football yesterday so allow me my
left leg can literally only go to there
but I'm about 80 in my slippers
I can go to there it's in that count
that's that is my leg but I let this
look so weird
what is this okay so yeah that's as far
as my legs can go and I'm stuck do the
best beer pong shot in the world get JJ
to describe you in one word chlamydia
I don't really know what that's meant to
me I'm sure he didn't mean it
chlamydia well what does it even mean
how does that describe me rap about an
item that's right in front of you um I
mean I gotta let it front of me right
now but I think i'ma start with this one
she just watches the pair of glasses and
a TV become a pack of peanuts then I go
close up won't turn on ya got a lot of
stuff if I ain't even halfway done
medicine batteries charged up Starkey's
case I keep up every time to try and see
Eddie does Club scintilla three pens to
a
members two or three lends a few twenty
gifts that I got from my friends just
even weather message to my desk ends
yeah I'm pretty much me this is why I
can't get a girlfriend I couldn't do
that I was way too quick damn me can't
get girlfriend cuz my fingers don't move
as fast as my mouth dammit I was on for
the grown-ups three tips on how to stay
single as you know so much about it well
tip one have a messy desk
cuz I've just explained that's why I
can't get a girlfriend tip 2 buy some of
these bad boys yeah I mean unless you're
interested in that and three my favorite
don't leave the house I literally go out
the house when I have to film something
that is it my best chance of not being
single is probably with Vic what is your
desk called and who's your favorite
youtuber my desk is called Phil and my
favorite youtuber outside of like the
group I hang out with is nigahiga but if
there are any UK youtubers that you want
me to collaborate with let me know in
the comments down below so I'm trying to
break my cycle and get out the house so
if you want me to collab I will go to
them I will ask the video and I will
make a video with them if they say no
they just won't know they're in the
video until it goes up that was mean I
would actually do that but yeah that is
all for the Q&A today sorry if it wasn't
a very long hair I can't ever tell while
I'm recording it only until one side
editing I can really see but yeah that's
all for today be sure to follow me on
Twitter if you want to be in the next
Q&A and ask me some questions I will
tweet out using a hashtag that is all
the day you guys watching and shoot if I
pride to lose which looks like we're
about to lose stop stop him stop oh my
god why am I so bad at FIFA these days I
can't even get past the first round I
mean admittedly I value chemistry very
very importantly but you know we haven't
even what am i doing naima commit any
mark name art make me more chill the
hell out alright we're going all out
attack
