bang bang away I don't answer that
okay bang Jesus we are doing the draft
today and we are using the youngest
Pibbs only kidding obviously we're using
the shooters so we go into the draft the
players with the best shooting are the
ones we use and which formation looks
like it has the best shooters I'm gonna
go with that one I don't know why I
choose formations okay but we do that
anyway and the best shooter captain is
it surely it's not I mean I mean Levin
dusky and form is freakin amazing but
purple messy messy but before you start
getting at me in the government it's the
one with the highest shootings that's
eleven dusky is the one I have to choose
the other striker we're gonna have is oh
oh we a Suarez as a pretty freakin
decent Strikeforce and 8600 mullah we
need someone in Liga BBVA here see 74 74
that's not gone well as it sent a mid
and 83 okay that work starlings
perfectly but now we need someone I
don't know who we could really get so at
60 80 to 82 82 which one of these two I
mean he's never gonna link with anyone
realistically I might get English player
but English players on good shooting
we're gonna go see a niche taste to
centre mids and then left back here we
go please give me 52 this is no no I'm
not gonna have any chemistry in
chemistry's what I rate above everything
else
Oh God Oh okay now though ah that's not
good shooting 64 64
very very good is it please please
please 57 57 58 we have to go with him
goki but it's the second on the left and
so we have to go with handeling
handeling handeling
had yes Chuck and Janna is always that
told you right subs time and we got to
go with just carry on with the shooting
okay so that's them it's that one that's
the same on all of them had we have to
go to me please give me someone please
just give me some link 65 65 but we get
him
this really isn't good trippy a oh my
god Jarrod would have fitted I knew that
was gonna oh I didn't know that was
gonna happen also I had done it but
anyway 78 79 80 or 80 we get to choose
between Catina or Moosa Katina oh come
on please please please you that player
that's gonna really turn us around
Dovie we're gonna get a blue in a second
we're gonna get blue wear it there's the
blue and 95 shooting know what it's
gonna match that oh there's the Neymar
who else we get also getting no other
Blues though reserves and 80 oh go I
don't want on this ah this is the good
this really isn't good for me seven and
catarrian Qatari and catarrian came that
guy that he's going in below ready boom
blue blue blue okay ah this team is not
good guys honestly this team is
absolutely shocking and we have to keep
choosing the Senate mids over defenders
because they're obviously gonna have
better shooting to play divide the pie I
said to pie not to pet no we have to
choose Falcao the team done I've gotta
go try and build what I can artists and
get back to you in a second
done there's the team guys it's not good
so I add my check has no chemistry and
Mike Izawa has no chemistry we have 79
overall and as usual we're gonna have to
bring on Neymar to try and save us so
we're going into the first game we have
a good attack but yeah that's about it
oh god let's see his team come on let me
see oh yeah the app of course I want I'm
gonna win this game
Messi Neymar Ronaldo DeMaria Thiago
Silva
done okay as well go home I am home on
my own about the football pitch is my
home and this room let's just hope that
this guy I'm playing is absolute
Lee terrible at FIFA ma-1 wait but oh oh
Suarez
you beauty come on God wind up boom okay
it's an early chance good enough that's
all we need replicate DeMaria DeMaria
come back here messy you little who
commit commit you look not messy messy
you are no rat come back come back
heckle oh oh oh okay
even with no even with no chemistry that
was disgusting that was actually to
Scott I didn't slide my way I'm on the
line I'm on the line jump no no he went
for the back heel goal really just get
rid of this get rid no Howard
let's just want a header I'm losing to a
messy header
oh my god mother's going well as go
ahead Muller that has to be a goal thank
you mother
play right in the corner like a yogurt
ha oh I'm definitely the first one to
make that joke ever all right lemon
dusky boom there's one boom again
alright lemon Dorsky there why are you
not just putting that in the corner why
are you not Milan one one post-it note
okay that's not what we really wanted
all right that is ish I'll do finish it
into the far post
keep it on don't touch it okay don't
touch it ha sit down ah sit down and
then you go in go in go in and love a
dusty positive post oh oh he's come from
behind like someone I just realized I'm
35 minutes in and Nemo hasn't even had a
little sniff for me
not in that way but you know I mean
Namor hasn't even had a go what why is
it named on okay you know what I need to
bring them on next time next fact you
know what they'll do the plant send them
in today name off
did I just and that's what I do how did
his work like he didn't even take a
touch he just volleyed it and check gets
bullied out of the way Mulla Mulla Mulla
no no he dived in hate stop this stop
stop him stop him stop him stop him
no don't lay and pass it on this is the
last chance what is that what are you
wearing where am i get how am I not talk
with him well no no no no whoever gets
this last chance that's the goal what's
the government's promise a dull boy 5th
minute prick ah shit my controllers off
my controller the batteries have gone
half time and I'm now losing I was so
happy that I was winning a minute ago
it's very very very very even but it's
not even on the score line is it this is
gonna kill me Suarez Suarez Suarez
breath yep Suarez fell over but me if
it's a foul now these refs are
unrealistic if Barcelona players fall
over it's a foul that's a fact let's get
some movement going alright there's the
nice pass there we go again Neymar
Neymar Neymar come on alright let's fill
up the shots
ah nice turn Suarez bogey across no oh
this is happen how does this happen
every time
no no ways he actually getting out of
that quad-core gone gone
you know nipples breath breath breath no
hmm give me the ball in the ball Plus
across and then turn out and finesse
finesse for fun I will GT your Luigi
these though I have nothing to do here I
can drill it across like that and hope
and hope and pray alright we're going to
tack in we have nothing to lose now what
we do if I pride to lose which looks
like we're about to lose stop stop him
stop what is that oh my god why am I so
bad at FIFA these days I can't even get
past the first round
Johnny immediately I value chemistry
very very importantly but you know we
haven't even what am i doing Nemo commit
any mark name art mate
more chill the hell out all right we're
going all-out attack we've got five
minutes left
all that attack get rid get rid of that
get rid of that get to him get to him
hips ref ref there's a foul again if I i
lost the ball with Neymar that's a foul
and jump get rid get rid okay all right
I I hit the post you hit the post we
want to laugh it's good good fat now
there you go far side come on for Marva
Marlin why why is it for Marlin here
come on Vermeil MV Godin for Marlin gone
posilac no are you why there why why
there that's the goal come on keep
coming out keep coming out and now get
back get back get back as over last
chance last chance come on Clem Clem in
gone go on Lewandowski wait I said pause
I press the pause button why no that's
it what is yes it is the stuff forget oh
I'm so bad at FIFA these days I know I'm
bad okay you don't need to tell me I
mean immediately his team was very very
good and his chemistry was better don't
know what is going on I mean as their
even point in looking at my prizes I
guess this is the point where nothing
comes that would just skipping release
oh my god it's so annoying because the
team was actually a rely ads that's
decent pool for a freaking 5k pack could
I have a good tip why no right team but
no chemistry I had the good strikers I
got two goals but so no that's not it's
not good enough now we're they're
getting titty let me know what you want
me to do if you were me just try another
normal and I tried it the other day if
you want to check that out it's on my
channel you want me to try that again
let me know in the comments below
whatever you guys want me to try I will
try if you want me to try and start a
certain age where mine no skills or if
you want to just do it no one let me
know that's all today thank you guys for
watching see you guys area hi we got a
low chance now we've got a little chart
I guess no he's got a good big tackle in
that home
days date please please please plant
level right no no no no no no what I was
another the Frigg
