upgraded Koshien Lee caution Lee Han
Chien Lee that's not right is it
am I being an idiot that's not right is
it no it's not right Khushi ell me but
that was the top comment I'm getting
straight into this the Khushi only we
have right now is that our country so it
does make sense kind of I guess van amit
sadh for 850 say he's gone problem is
there's so many 83 s and the 84th cost
quite a bit more still I just can afford
it when I make sure I don't get sold a
fake one if you know what I mean
all right bill do you know what we'll
sell the other kashi on you may as well
get some coins back doesn't have a
contractor who's gonna go for a little
bit less bad just for now oh gosh oh
he's in the squad but this squad is a
little bit tired so we're gonna have to
plate the other squad first boom the
French team division two and we have six
games remaining two wins today are we
are safe but it's been quite a long time
since I've won two games
let's hope today is the day Game one
here we go not bad good there are a lot
of empty seats at the top of this
stadium what is this about we are a
title winning team we can't even fill a
stadium okay I completely understand now
why we don't sell tickets now you know
what no no no this is poor support this
is why we're not winning every day but
we if our stadium was full we would be a
bit louder in the stands let's try this
try this gone alright
ran out there well I got blame in there
you go George best George Brett yeah
yeah he's doc George okay he is really
annoying me now
oh that's I could be bow what the fuck
is that for a header how am I losing
what was idle stop him stop him stop him
stop him no no no no no no that did not
make any sense
that's why you get the replay didn't
make any sense what is happening right
now what notes you like that why is that
pass go in there okay come on please
Sagna twice and you hit please puzzler
right pause it one more one more
what what is that what is that proposed
tackle please play no he's he's very
good at skills I can't I've got to give
it to this guy look at all the empty
seats look a bar I'm just
go for the stuff Samir Nasri freely
teams player corporate no way I was
about to cream in my pants halftime and
I'm losing to me very very big mountain
to climb especially when I have another
shot on target and just being outplayed
or am i or am i I I am come on come on
nursery nursery nursery
please open go just does we get a ball
no get a ball run run run oh no no no
get the ball get the ball this is for
the empty seats in the stadium even
Nazeri could get a gold star met or even
a shot on target
that fat counts Russell we need stats
win games start swing games that's we
goes goes all summit games why would it
have to be for an shooing there out of
everyone all my days on my days please
just finish it ball game on momentum has
just switched a little bit oh dear
tackle tackle tackle yes no okay but
kind of work that throw okay actually it
really works really well pull please
play flaming go run run run run run run
pie it come on please please please
please please yes yes yes yes yes yes
no wait wait Brett he's Azaria I we got
a low chance now we got a little chart
I guess no we've got a good big tackle
in that home my days date please please
please phlegm phlegm oh right no no no
no no what I was I know over the friggin
pose no and now he's gonna go on the
scoring now he's gonna go on a score if
he scores he's
on this game I had a freaking open while
I didn't have an open goal I had one
defender on the line there it is
Oh fucking time you see that bullshit
you see the 88th minute or something
stupid like that what oh my god I
question this referees credentials
legend if I had scored that we'd be on
10 points right now and then I need 2
points the same now I need to win this
game to set up next episode to be safe
time to try out the BPL team again with
the new colony watch him have some six
teams well it's pretty disgusting
there's no like standout players but
they're good right let's try this again
hopefully no bullshit going my way this
time as you want a nice simple game
that's it that is all I want
please one that turned out again no oh
wow oh no no no no no no no that was a
good move reminds me of a young Simon oh
god oh dear oh dear oh dear oh there we
go huh huh huh huh oh please please
please far side ok ok bang-won Josh no
idea how I've scored there but Ericsson
well done Ericsson was hungry for that
he was like an unfed baby looking for a
bosom of why am i talking about bosoms
oh no no I fought the summer fuck this
up blabbed through him why is this I'm
doing so bad an attack right now wait
where am I or am i but oh no please get
to that gets that pasa cross why have I
gone there whoa whoa Thomas worked
risky risky risky road risky no no great
challenge that has just what the fuck is
going on
no I need a win I actually need a win
badly there you go there you go there
you go take a touch please please no
please play my no I didn't mean to I
care did I did I did mean that
definitely meant it I got very lucky
there that that little bounce there and
then the fat surgeon actually needs to
pass it great half slabs were winning
that's that's what counts it's a great
half if you're winning isn't it as a
matter about the stats let's just hope
that the second half has the same ahead
of us gone gone gone gone gone God take
a touch and you know what bag one one
get away bad oh wow this game is really
trying to do everything you can to stop
me scoring today isn't it gone gone gone
gone go on get crossing get crossing
that's big are you mad are you mad
Eriksen how have I not scored just there
he's definitely getting frustrated
because I am getting way more time on
the ball than I normally did and that
doesn't happen less he's frustrated look
how much time I have up here look how
much time there's not that many people
back there's not many people back oh
please George George George George
where's the players though
where are my players yeah he thinks I'm
gonna turn back but I'm not no boy
mister be back oh my days please this
has to be this has to be this has to
burn da we got George 3-1 five minutes
ago I can't let this slip now I need to
be slipknot okay this little is last
chance
there's his last chance and he's fair in
what up oh I know I know
tap dancing that isn't very good effort
me but not enough that's the game and I
mean I had more shots this time I'd like
last time I didn't so one draw and two
wins and we are safe
three wins we're safe and we actually
know what amount of allows promotion I
want to get promoted because then we're
in Division one so let me know who I
should buy I'm going to have like five
to ten thousand coins top comment will
be the one I choose as long as it's
plausible thank us watch it and see I
have so many free-kick takers I have no
idea to take it with one ah but the
accuracy is there you know what he's
keeping his player on the line we're
gonna try this one instead we're trying
this boom good effort Suarez you know
what you know what it's freaking 45
minutes 45 minutes it's boy fulfill it
it's good oh let's go let's go to nil
near Mali you're beautiful man woah come
on
