I am sick and tired of going out in the
draft in the first or second round so
today is Redemption I am NOT doing any
superstitions or any categories for the
players I am making the best possible
draft I can and proving that it is the
teams that let me down it is not my
playing style unless I do go out in the
first year and then which kids it is but
it won't happen so we go into the draft
and this is just the simple case of what
I can do for one two one two wide it's a
safe formation it's what I like and now
the captain the captain we actually get
to choose jeez I was so close to
choosing the Ronaldo straight away I
didn't even look over there and see that
Messi we have to choose it I'm sorry Ron
I'm sorry but at 99 Messi where are we
gonna work from the top down there are
certain tactics for this boy oh my Lizzy
I saw the Eber and I thought there's
there's no way and then Suarez I've got
to do it within as well whatever's that
tell us the parenting mate Suarez it's
gotta be done please give you some of
the links please someone sick please
Oscars good but no one links they're
gonna go with Oscar just cause he's the
best then we may be able to make a
hybrid team so we'll try him out hoping
this works out let's get for the right
back now we're gonna get who we gonna
care okay we need to choose one of these
two will go for Mario Gaspard this is
the big one it's either gotta be legal
BBVA or premiership please White Fence
the marbles my looks like yeah it's got
events line it's not too bad by night
Enix this one has to be the same we need
to keep that link this could be petrol
Oh wanna play ANCA ah which one do we
choose I'm going to choose Pedro you
leave for chemistry sake so that else
get definitely has a link oh I know I'm
gonna regret that left back and as
pillock wetter right now would do that's
just what's the point enough please give
me like a Ramos or someone like that
politte Wow fun tassel have to do we go
in CDM this is a big one this is a huge
position
it's gotta be treasures for the Lynx
snare is the big oh my days it's gotta
be golden or cauchy only which one do we
choose just because I really like him in
this game I think I'm gonna choose go
dude please don't hate me I know
everyone always hates everything in the
comments and the last one goalie we get
I'm not I refuse I refuse to take me
yeah that's not good will take heart and
hope that we can get a BPL centre-back i
let's see what we can get the bench
goalkeeper we get Bravo that'll do
because now we have a guaranteed link
see what else we can get I know
someone's gonna point out I could have
chosen someone else ah TKO Laporte a PK
trying it we're trying to make what we
can we need a left back please she will
do well spaghetti what else we get eggs
Shaqiri we get it all one ma Reds will
take the Ramirez in case well so again
whilst we go what else we go sure are we
Morris again sterling it's gone oh whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa
which one do I take though which one
which one I've Garver now - a name or an
out or name ups bail you're not included
in this I'm sorry Ronaldo or Neymar I
like Ronaldo ah we could have had Neymar
as well jeez but I need a frickin what
do I need I need a left back that in the
liga BBVA for this why I may as well
shoot soon because he's anyone in the
league that I have I need a Jordi Alba
right now actually out with us know any
I'll I have to take Ashley on I know
we're not you're gonna be that wide but
no one else doesn't even League come on
please give me a Jordi Alba on the TV
set neighbor
oh this team is looking phenomenal ah
whatever final card we get a wonderful
McCarthy right let's do I can build
though there it is now I know what
you're thinking what the hell are you
doing cyber whine you playing run out or
Neymar but I want 100 chemistry because
I believe very very deeply in chemistry
so I'm gonna leave it like that just to
start and as soon as I can I'm gonna
bring on Ronaldo and Neymar that was the
wrong way around
we got a 187 that's very very decent
it's time to put this team to the test
Ronaldo Neymar be warm came out a little
bit weirder than I meant it to I let's
see the pathetic team that's gonna face
me you always get your team so he's only
185 chemistry that's the important part
big game now lads we can't go out in
this round we cannot afford to lose this
game alright they got blood through oh
ok but but oh no davon Louise why is it
there why is it go such a big head all
right go on toss it in comes back what
about all right pause it one more and
then let's go knit post how I been
zippers go Charles participants go John
alright wise how this definitely keep it
up boss wait wait Oh are there you go
Suarez there you go one no I don't even
need to bring Renard or name on I've
completely forgot about them I don't
need them yet I come on Jose Enrique
come on I play them in that note ok you
don't know you know
ok where we going now we go to the edge
now we pass it all right put it back
there you go takes us Messerly you come
on my 9999 is gonna be like pretty much
perfect isn't it Oh God what God go
who's that oh good effort P cases I
think he's left foot I may have just
made that up ok get back get back he's
gonna touch it's gonna I know he's
turning back chuckling pass it up kick
got puss-puss alright we need to we need
to get the passing movement up go that's
nice that's nice what are you serious I
had time to end this we need a second
goal badly and Leonel Messi is gonna
come up jeez how is that you know what
no you know what that has angered me to
the point of making a substitution ah
sorry been the man Pedro but ran out a
name are gonna take over yep yep yep yep
yep
yeah let me go Ronaldo's first touch go
haha I can't believe that work claiming
go on then go on come on Suarez you're
completely on alright you know what
boom well Suarez I was a horrible
horrible horrible touch but Missy let up
look good good run run go three nail
jeez this attack is mad come on guys
come on
don't toy with them too much guys guys
this is mean this is bullying this is
actually bullying now halftime three nil
up I mean I'm hoping he'll quit if I get
another one I mean I said it in the last
draft I did that this round is meant to
just be like a gimme round if you know I
mean look look messy messy this is thus
just stop messy it's you're like
defensive right now because he has so
many players back but he's not he's not
doing anything he's not lunging him for
any tackles look alright boss it goes
right you know what Suarez boom go do
what you want me but this games already
over I'm sorry to do this mate I'm
really sorry I'm really sorry I know I
know I should just tried scoring but I
want you to quit on one a humiliation
bomb just quit please please there we go
finally
oh what a game seven nil well I'm
already doing better than I have done in
the past
that's one win out of the possible for
time for game two the teammate changing
I let's see the second team this is good
yeah it's gonna be better isn't it
decent team but 69 long chemistry we'll
see we'll see God give him the initial
you know the initial team and then after
a few we this is that was too easy for
him gone gone gone gone
swears go 1 nil done 4 minutes in the
attack is to good play carefully play
with our brain not our Bulls is that is
that right right it doesn't matter if
it's right because we need to get
something out of this guy let's go look
at that look at the dribble volleyball
Oh check we're putting the pressure on
we're putting it on now go and plus in
ok they'll do they'll do they'll do
that's not where I wanted it but it's
almost what I don't know if I enjoy this
good that much
right it might be it might be time you
know it might be time to take off this
go wait that's not a look yeah it's time
it's time to bring off its go okay yeah
definitely time to bring up is go what
he's just pushing up what's a safe
proffer but we'll change it next time
the ball goes off mate you are in
trouble although it might not okay
please take a look at that boy here we
go two big boys are on hahahahaha the
big boys are on and check is also a big
boy
yes he's left the man open he's left him
open he's left them open
it's go but didn't work as well as I
wanted it soon together yeah there you
go there you go cl√©mence where did I
pause it was repulsive what is it
where's the boss he's left it again
Neymar go for it mate never won when
that wait oh I have so many free-kick
takers I have no idea to take it with
one ah but the accuracies there you know
what he's keeping his player on the line
we're gonna try this one instead we're
trying this boom good effort Suarez you
know what you know what it's freaking 45
minutes 45 minutes it's voice miss
Bennett it's good of its go let's go to
nil Neymar you beautiful man whoa come
on baby come come on possible in the
pool a halftime there we go I it's
deserved as well what are you right now
I didn't actually
oh hello hello hello go opposite okay
Boop now these lawyers for this war bump
run taps it in three nil is it is if it
is the humiliation yes two wins on the
drop means that we are into your third
round and I haven't conceded yet my
attack is good as shown by seven and
three nail but my defense hasn't really
been tested right same team we've
already got further than we have in the
last like three attempts with random
teams hi this is where it becomes a
challenge though he's gonna have a good
team as neat eighty-six chemistry but
he's got a lot of good players he's
gonna be good my mood on fever can
change so quick you know because I don't
enjoy it when I'm losing at all but then
as soon as I start winning I'm having a
barrel of laughs may come on come on
far side fuck ah there's a tiny bit lag
in this game
in the last oh no oh no we're finally
being tested we're being tested lads
good to him like all great tackle great
you did enough you did enough ah oh shit
oh shit okay we're making some early
subs time I don't I don't know this
guy's good
I don't know if you'll actually be able
to save us right let's try this out
let's eat look at this little bit of lag
it's it's it's just that little bit
annoying neymar neymar neymar neymar
that I shouldn't have shot there I'm
doing the wrong decisions right now
Oh sugar sugar sugar I miss the tackle
app good block Godin that's why I chose
him look at it look little tiny bit
alike just a little bit annoying ah this
lag makes all your connection out come
on I've had two perfect games before
this and now now this now bats boom
that's actually a really good touch
Messi I was actually phenomenal back
post when you stop to run if you
literally changed your run gone run
come on run come on run nice Suarez he's
God no thing is I've gotta keep going
down the wings but the wings don't work
ref are you serious messing these he's
got annoying go how am I gonna get it
past lawyer come on win that note you
left it gone gone Emma go no more
come on let's go come on let's go boom
that is not I know that's something it's
truly something guys I'm not gonna lie
I'm not comfortable right now I mean I'm
still losing so I'm never gonna be
comfortable while I'm losing and it's
halftime and I need to go but it's
freaking horrible on this leg
come on messy come on messy come on
messy what the fuck is that
one guy God take Josh no no for now
don't go to school from there than no
one can oh my days get rid of that
please okay come on we need one goal one
goal and then he needs a goal as well
we'll try
what about sugar sugar sugar that's a
goal oh whoa whoa I know we all know
where he's going stop that what's the
lemon in for a second oh I need a goal
oh my god oh my god that's it ass game
we got 15 minutes left and he scores
that with Nolita we've literally
destroyed everyone and even this game I
should have scored the fact I haven't
even scored this game is actually
ridiculous I don't have a ridiculous
attack and I haven't scored there it is
guys 90th minute and
so it's over come on run come on you
know what let's just go near post boom
it's I'm not meant to win this game I'm
Ref
come on disgusting ah come on swap like
that was horrible
boom that that's tips of today don't it
you know what my keepers up we may as
well just go for the ball in Oh lag it's
over it's over now I think if I'm being
honest to myself I deserve to lose that
game but I know in a different day I
could be him but we get the second prize
which means we get what we get this is
we get a premium gold pack and a jumbo
premium compact let's just open the mike
yes the first palpable ahh ohh
let's time ah it's all right
I don't know what we're gonna get but
that that's all for today I've proven
that I can do better with a normal team
Alex song that's worse than the other
one
ok whatever that is a normal draft done
if you guys wanted to see me do one with
like the youngest or the oldest or the
slowest or whatever let me know in the
comments below thank you guys for
watching and see you
woof more fucker ha ha woof-woof-woof
is it isn't my dog well this isn't what
my dog looks like but that is that's my
dog
this is me way I can do the other way
around
oh my god you're my dog this ugly I
swear baby
