hey guys who do you want me to buy one
player that I can afford
Tim Realty Maria de Maria okay guys I'll
buy deeper rigs I can definitely afford
him oh wait no no I I can I just can't
afford him I don't even know what team
you'd want him in to be honest he does
he's not in the league that I play in
either team second top comment get Pogba
he's definitely affordable is he
I don't know who to buy now because I
got a foot either in a but we do have
something else that we can do yeah you
have given everyone a free pack I think
I don't know why this is here but if we
get someone now about imagine imagine
the scenes now if you pulled like a
Ronaldo in this series man give you
another choice first home ivanovich that
foul he's alright a third darmian so I
mean I'm gonna sell it hopefully that's
another thousand coins or so these guys
can all go will keep the contracts and
the healing and we have another 700
coins you guys need to let me know who
to buy and they get someone that can
either fit in a team or as affordable
actually both last time we won one game
drew one game in Division two so we need
to carry on doing that for the rest of
the season we do that we get promoted
into the Holy Land that is Division one
and I I want to know something that I
can do for the whole of Division one
like if I play in a soo cuz that is the
final season hopefully I mean I may just
do it over and over again until I win
but for now division to be PL time we
are using this because I'm gonna call it
PP okay I know it dubious in there boy
it's a ppl team let's do this legs it's
not bad you gotta have confidence
confidence is keen it's gone back to my
FIFA 14 methods confidence is key when
playing Fifa that's what that's what you
meant to have where is my attack how
does he look look at his players the
company players he's got back pass it
pass it pass it right they go they go
good go gorgeous hoon alright nippers
bang
good with it flip put it nice nice nice
little plasma moss goo goo goo goo good
puzzle what the okay to cut that worked
out really really well for some reason
there you go there you go there you go
and hit it across the bank Oh keep it
right no leave it all right you know why
did you touch it hi we have a little
chance Neil Charles their shots go
perfect is I could pull is a good one
it's a fantastic blanket nipples go to
its best one nail done it's not done why
do I always say done and then lose the
game
almost great over Perry the boy the boy
was a big touch there's a great pop are
you serious George that was poppy key to
max cradle is fucking phenomenal George
best I was gonna say you're phenomenal
but then we did that he's got sulla but
can he do anything from there check you
fell over
check literally got shot why hey why why
well I lost connection why a good
straight back on every time EA every
time if I don't want me to get relegated
now we have to play again with the same
team and just try and hope that we can
win this all right let's go for attempt
number two it's got a decent team
nothing special but nothing bad I'm so
angry right now by the way you weren't
likely when I my guys know and it's
letting Madrid that's going good make
tackle there you go all right we need
just a convincing win that's what we'll
that's what come on come on where we
where we go pass it pass it up all right
then you see him over the top and
Georgie best are good effort had him in
the nuts right Griezmann I see you I see
you bruh I see breath where a Steve oh
oh oh yeah okay okay
hmm forget about that that never ever
happened ever go great oh go great oh go
Grady what well Oh God
honestly they're just put a groin muscle
I don't even know how that's possible
Jesus oh oh no oh no oh no no it's made
its own grace a great shave I need to
learn to defend better now okay all
right all right all right plus it there
you go put it one more and the bank that
was nice I let's go George big touch big
touch again boom big touch dribble in
possum
bad pass get there get that ball no
that's too far get we Gilligan gonna
give it give it okay yeah nice time nice
turn pass across boom ba boom do we know
we can get a chance it's just can we do
anything with it
Oh run and she dressed end this game
done this time it is done unless EA
screw me over again look at this look
look look boom big touch there's a
little bit of lag coming in all right
you know what that is there's a problem
oh I should have just dribbled in
bejeweled best this is impossible this
is impossible there's a little bit of
lag coming in and it's impossible to
tackle in no this is the Bliss we've got
a little bit of lag and it means I can't
let you control my defenders half times
three one that's actually worrying no
cuz you got that goal back right second
half let's just try whoever gets the
next goal it's gonna get something out
of this game there's no way if I score
next then up one plane if here we go
little o Go Go Go Go Go Go Go I beg a
big no-no that is awful that is truly
truly shocking and appalling and
everything is wrong with that
okay at George Best
nevermind ignore everything I just said
alright let's see if we can make this
work made us where's what
no get there get that tackle tackle home
that is not who I wanted him to do come
on end this and this rest breath he just
destroyed my honest Oh
why is he not done that before why was
he wait until now oh no oh no great
tackle great tackle wait terrible tale
this is bad this is really bad by three
and the eight minutes left I have to win
this I have to win I'm sorry I might
have to do this
yep now I've definitely okay my own
defenders in the way trick it to it
please
tackle what the hell is that phase that
okay he's got one more back or not but
we have one again that's all that
matters we've won five three one win one
loss it's right for now because the loss
was you know someone else that is too
sad we deserve to win tween 11 points in
16 inch so we need effectively full wins
our six but we need another player to
buy so let me know in the comments who
wanna buy and he needs to be affordable
I have something like 12,000 coins
hopefully makes them said we can just
win two and that would actually keep us
safe in the division let me know thank
you guys for watching and shrimp
but okay I was a lot more than I meant
as men I come out really slowly now it
looks like I peed myself well that kinda
gives away what seem I'm building now
I'm doing the draft and we are going for
the best dribblers that's right I know
that's not what it means but you know I
mean tunnel formation we're gonna go
over today but they're all you know
there's a lot of pores and fire
