before the video starts make sure to hit
that subscribe button alright so I'm
back finally feeling a little bit better
I've been I haven't posted for like five
days although I posted yesterday or two
days ago I don't know what Davis is
going up basically I've been ill and for
the first time ever I think that's the
first time ever I have missed four days
maybe five days in a row on my main
channel and honestly I don't know how
people do I feel horrible not posting it
on like every day or at least slight you
know about every other day now there are
exceptions where like me giddy O's you
physically could have put them out every
day I was literally just sat in bed
right outside been watching like
stranger things and stuff like that and
I was just getting so bored like I love
it I lost stranger things and doesn't
get bored watching that but I was just
thinking to myself like how do people
not want to like do stuff with their
time I was interested sitting there guys
I need to make a video but even now my
voice is still a bit lazily but I'm back
I'm happy to be back and right it seems
weird I feel like I've taken like a
month break but it's been like four or
five days anyways right now I am
watching actually wait no no I shouldn't
say that it's definitely not the stream
of the fight and you Jo she was about to
fight so yeah I might put a couple bets
on just see what happens the last couple
days I've got a few things that you guys
might be interested in next to my little
mix my dough's right there we got some
news that's the the white Christy I mean
we have the black crusty already oh we
got a new hoodie christeta crest hoodie
and it's like colors that kind of
matches this you know we got the gray
with the blue we got all the cocky all
the Karki tracksuit and the gray normal
one yeah that that's the a but that's
nice but you know what that's better
yeah look at them sexy legs anyways not
only did I get that all available Inside
Man clothing calm I also got given this
little goodie bag let's even got my name
on this is the first bit of loathing I
actually have owned from said okay there
we go we've got a hoodie we got a
t-shirt another t-shirt the no sleeps
just little added leather remember that
another one and finally we got some
socks which actually you guys always
complain about my feet all right there
we go so dark a socks that looks like
said okay now the last thing I thought
given as well was this bad boy which if
you watch Ethan's vlogs don't worry me
neither
well that was mean
anyway it's the new Xbox 1x this isn't
actually it this is a book but under
here I'd still not it this is this is
another book why do they think I like
reading we get planet Earth to Xbox Live
Gold I mean I appreciate the effort and
everything just you know give me a give
me the console and I'm really there it
is now I'm gonna replace this Xbox for
that one there the end of my bed is no
focus with this Xbox and then I'm not
really sure cuz I already have I have
max what's there that I actually used to
record now the issue is I have a
Halloween video like planned well I'm
away on Monday and Tuesday's Halloween's
so this is Saturday right now Saturday
night I don't think I'm gonna be able to
do this Halloween videos if you guys
still want me to do the video but a few
days after Halloween let me know I
basically wanted to do like a second
version of the if Halloween videos or PG
anyways I'm gonna record this PES video
that I was gonna that went out yesterday
or two days ago they don't catch up back
with you again to talk about this Joshua
fight one hour later Pez video is done
and now I'm waiting for this fight I'm
fully guest he's in the ring is doing
the swings you know he's getting is
channeling is in a ksi right now I'm
psyched I can't wait they're looking at
a cut on his eye right now trying to
figure out what's going on I'm very into
this right now so I thought you know
like if I'm blogging I may as well gram
5 like they stopped the fight in the
fifth round now now it's halfway through
the round it's a time out looking at his
car I want to see him knock him out I
want to see Joshua knock him out oh they
go back finish finish amps the end of
the fifth round what you got like 10
seconds just finish it channel your
pants I pretend these joelle up is the
ninth round it needs to end powers
they're still going again like the 10th
round or something finish it finish it
you got it
what's the rest oh man I mean I'm happy
but where I've just stopped it I was
just about to get really sick honestly
Joshua was just him up in a face
and then the refs have stopped it nah
man no
let's ruin everything I'm done jump cut
alright so we are away on Halloween this
is probably going up on Halloween Day or
maybe yeah I think he is anyway Tuesday
so which means we're not gonna have a
like a Halloween party or anything like
that well yeah we're not gonna have a
Halloween video so I thought I'm gonna
have a thing for this one and I'm gonna
make a costume oh we already make
costumes on his channel which you can
check that yeah why we already made it
costumes our actual Halloween stuff on
josh's channel so I live a link to that
in the description below but we're gonna
make one out homemade stuff so I mean
there's only one normal one isn't that
you you're Josh PJ give us feedback our
video
there's only one outfit that we
realistically give you stuff really okay
night what's that face you're sad we
need to go straight hug diary boyfriend
boyfriend the guy you shot alright so
I'm gonna need Josh's help you're gonna
turn me into a mummy everybody needs a
mummy why are you making it weird bro
you made it really weird isn't why still
dangers instead he doesn't have you
don't file JJ's is horrible this is good
to some good people are gonna think
mommy it's good servants the mommy is
the easiest costume they look and
it's not practical it's not because I
should have you in you our plate and
beverage main gone drink it's your gonna
go party you need now feel it therefore
it you can't drink then yes it's an
outfit who can like it's a hybrid
properly not you like you know what
it this half is boring
I'm not holding teenagers teenagers like
doughnuts I mean sorry dude you've been
a teenager
three more things from the PIO BOTS
let's go number 100 it's got my name on
as well
I wanted to give you this as a sign of
appreciation for all the videos you have
made for everyone who wants to meet you
upload but couldn't because I was today
getting to you thanks for everything
Dave Kirkland well Dave thanks for this
now there's at least to us than Villa
fans in the world but yeah well I'm not
an Aston Villa fans to clear that up
generally thank you though it's actually
really comfortable but not gonna wear
that much because I'm a Leeds fan so
number two is what the thank you
from you sir them existed by no one open
on video on camera what do we got we've
got oh oh it's the Josh double-decker
mini oh I get it cuz I'm in it some
flowers seed chocolates these just look
like M&Ms or but yeah M&Ms the shot
glass of another shot glass salt and
pepper
share oh I don't get it wait okay no oh
okay there's one for me as well the
Leeds but okay so as a load of stuff
from Singapore oh that's from FZ I think
that's a pronounced I'm sorry if that's
wrong but thank you very much I think
it's time that I finally take this
disgusting show transition yes final
thing I'm gonna see if I can fly this
drone out the door and into the kitchen
if I can do this then I am a pro drone
fly okay if not this video became way
more expensive than I thought it was
gonna be hi what we said crash or make
you wait on tickle what do you know it's
not sequence we are not was the name
crash article what's her name with no
show boobs am I gonna crash where you
can say my gonna make it to the kitchen
and back I already said this but I'm
back yeah okay now are you crash in
background is breaking I don't know even
think of
oh I'll take off i filming me
let's watch see but I realize this is
the okay so judging by this whole
introductory scene I've got this I feel
like we're crashing I mean how much do
you like of 1000 pounds
do you like 1,000 pounds say goodbye up
to 1000 pounds by 1000 pounds I'm
following I might follow in the camp
well say goodbye to light evidence that
was that in the script do you tell me of
the script is it safe to go near a fella
came up it's intact no oh no it's not
intact it snapped off oh I don't want to
go near your bro because I don't
trust you now
though someone's repairing a lot this
could be a thousand power he all waved
at this saying goodbye the pound what's
going on I thought that this moving
forward okay so I tested it and I turned
a little bit and then I got mixed up and
I just held up and it's just boom you
know an experienced drone flier are you
this is why I told you these don't fly
this once you're good at it then yeah
sure but you have a hairy attitude right
I genuinely thought I could do this I
think we abandoned that idea now you
could run it into the wall up there
nobody we're done we just scratched just
a pain and you could have put your
painted it this thing you got to replace
this now you're so higher than that 105
got some spell it's important you know
what thanks for watching thanks a lot
you've had a map it less time than me
quite a few remember that's it no I'm
not stupid
yeah yeah good great thank how's that
this stop shitty time I hate guys like
come to the Tully hit me on the phone
you could run to the Sally just walk
down why they looking at meet up girl
you Devon should we lay like free dough
I got my jacket for you if you attack
home swag hope I can tell I can tap Oh
first time I seen I miss you wave like a
