but okay I was a lot more than I meant
me to come out really slowly now it
looks like I peed myself well that kinda
gives away what seem I'm building now
I'm doing the draft and we are going for
the best dribblers that's right I know
that's not what it means but you know I
mean tunnel formation we're gonna go
over today but they're all you know
there's a lot of pause and fight you
know what for Vaughn the captain we get
is no 94-92 okay okay okay okay that's
that is fine that Tevez car by the way
hood is very decent we don't get the
ronaldo and a lot of you gonna troll why
do you children out out he's not the
best at dribbling all right Neymar as we
take Neymar striker time is the big card
dribbling dribbling dribbling dribbling
rollin rollin right mid oh oh oh oh I
kind of wanted to use de bruyne but we
used Robin is not exactly bad is there
to carry almost one that as well
sentiments these players probably aren't
that good at dribbling all all we get to
informs and a freaking orange card and
we have to use Guarin I kind of hate
that about this but it also it gives me
a bit of a challenge 77 82 Parador we
had a lot of informed choices but we
don't get to choose many of them CDM
dribbling sorry buddy boy boy Oh 84
another inform Oh links with absolutely
no one great my lap is still wet boy
left back bazinga is bazinga no no tone
oh no went okay this team is absolutely
terrible guys 73 a 73 dribbling
defenders pretty decent oh oh okay okay
75 we'll take that that is a very good
god and it's the best one there any
links to Louise right back who we gonna
get come on I don't know who could
possibly want here's th and goalkeeper
going top right staff because that's the
AIDS of reflex or no why is it was a
gamer I swear he comes up every single
time with reflexes record breaker
checkers there but we have to choose in
game our quick ting subs let's go best
dribblers 87-84 87-84 i we get to choose
I mean we're gonna choose boof our way
come on Goosen dribblers give me some
dribblers 77 77 i we get choice again
Quan Fran ain't gonna link with nobody
whereas cuz agua will at least
with the David Luiz next one 78 78 we
another choice Danny low or my con and
liga BBVA or syria
danila we need a new center defensive
mid please okay there is one there but
we got to take the dribbler 8686 l sh
owari or tech Sarah why didn't I choose
that a serial player why don't I choose
my con alright fuckin we're gonna go
with tech Sarah next one is Podolski no
coaster yeah it's got stuff that kind of
works out a few oh wow it's clear the
winner is that cupboard ROM okay so yeah
that just took a turn oh I'm dibala
I thought Tiago is gonna win that but no
a dibala just comes in from nowhere on
my days okay we're starting at some good
player 86 Wow Gareth Bale we could add a
bale but we get sick means bed why are
we getting so many left wingers four
more players left and the player this is
sy what's the point of a cow okay three
players left Caballero 82 83 we have to
take Elliot damn it I know he's not bad
but I don't really want him that much
and now
whoa which one I know you're gonna hate
me for that but I'm probably not going
to use either final play of the game and
a five we get oh yeah goalkeeper
I'm assumed it this I'll be back now so
I forgot that in Yama had chemistry and
I've tried this out now it's may really
really fuck up but on the bench we have
an informed boot from we have an
informant signe and we have an informed
our pilot now I know he is sick just why
I may end up playing him and put for now
two into centimeter but we will see how
this will goes in the draft bollocks
this this would be fun won't it I swear
I've gone out in the second round every
time so five I do give I go in the same
round again today I might cry I've been
dribbling out my eyes this time instead
of out my mouth
let's try this anyway give you our best
shot a lad sander yeah let's see if I
can win I was bad all right where to go
where'd we go pause it up all right nice
nice texture pop-in ad first up second
time any time done I seems right Oh get
this team is terrible okay so what I've
learned I can't defend and yeah that's
about it let's do this let's do this now
let's do this lads come on big one big
one
whoa didn't see that coming did you mate
did you see Josh late I'm crazy
allow me okay right defend now Simon
learn to defend Nimr al-nimr
Nima ref okay it would say that would
say that or o makki d spins round one Oh
Chuck no didn't didn't but there's gonna
be a chop i we have a we have a chance
now we have a chance we have a chance
apartheid far side no no ma do not foul
him do not foul him to not but you need
to tackle Emily's alright get rid Gary's
poop okay let's go let's go let's go
where do we go where we go go we get
bought what oh nice tricks ronaldo you
forgot the ball but you've got it back
come on no ref ref how is he getting
away with okay he's not he's not get
away with it because big one forgot the
roll yeah there we go he brings on bail
as you did oh no no he missed he made
stuck yeah yeah Oh bollocks off your
little Willy basher I can't go in the
first round that's just
it's not allowed it's actually not
allowed it's against my contract with
FIFA not that I have a contract with
Fifi you know okay Ronaldo Ranade you
have a chance
we know those so bad on a to chemistry
what the hell
I'm sorry I apologize to Cristiano
Ronaldo what the fuck what the fuck what
why why I feel like I put a lot more
effort into my goals you know his goals
are very just nothing he just kind of
runs and you know fall to him kind of
like this bit I mean we're both been
very clinical though you argue with that
I'm just not allowed to lose in this
round because I'm trying I'm trying to
do this I'm trying to go through all the
stats and stuff try it and see which
team does the best me oh my days what
look where's he going stop stop stop
stop stop oh my goodness how did he not
score just then that don't don't ask
questions only the big man - listen
listen listen listen listen
you're not listening you wanna listen in
Oh sugar Oh sugar Oh sugar plum fairy'
dancing what is that I'm losing the
first time I've been losing the whole
girl I don't know what I'm doing I'm not
dribbling with anyone that's what I'm
not doing okay okay we got a dribble ah
we got a blur here we got a load you're
Joe no I walk straight into his hands
come on oh no no no stop the throws stop
the throw get to him get to him get to
him good what do you see that he danced
he prawns didn't get out of the way
right posture posture there you go there
you go
shoot shoot ref been something please
please please get that come on no no no
no no no no no no no how is he okay
we'll go in we go in we go in we go in
we go
toss it right toss it how was that not
foul we just got through the back of me
you know what just cause it's Ronaldo
and I have faith in Ronaldo stability oh
that was not far away we have ten
minutes left or else we're going out in
the first round of this draft that's a
new low I wanted to beat what we've done
but going attacking we got ultra
attacking we only have ten minutes and
we have to score run run run run run
pass it back oh no where you going you
look in the wrong way mate you're doing
the stanky leg right turn out that's the
right way to turn there's a catch you
just you just caught the ball like it
was frickin nothing how the hell are we
losing this how out you know what it's
not even how are we losing this how have
we lost this rock climbing
we need to go we need to go where's the
where's the ball there's no one in
there's no one in I know no no no no no
this is very bad this is very hot across
that's not what I said I said across but
I know what I said that wasn't it oh
okay it's over it's game over it's game
over
it's game that's this is bullshit fuck
is this I did not think this through
why have I just peed myself I have
joined the dribblers I have just
dribbled all over the floor over my face
all over my chair and now I've lost the
game and I don't know if my controller
will work okay it's not working is it
that's it first game when we lost Boston
our first game we just lost in the first
game of the draft that's like your free
round you're meant to just be able to
win there now we have the standard EA
waiting time of 25 minutes until we can
get to the menu 12 seconds later ah you
all played terribly ignore that rating
of Ronaldo he's still did terrible I
cannot believe that I I'm genuinely in
disbelief and I'm really sorry that this
is what you've seen today but I don't
try and do it until I do well I show you
guys how I've done and we go we go Carl
walk out of 5k Pat that's pretty decent
because I want you guys to see how I do
I don't want to do it and then be like
oh I won and it's actually like the
ninth time I've tried this was the first
time I've tried and now I have to move
on to the next step which is up to you
really so let me know in the comments
what you want me to do as the next step
or like if it's not even a stat on the
card if it's like age or something like
that let me know up to you guys top
comment will be the one I choose those
packs were all freaking awful and we are
done here
so thank you guys for watching leave a
like if you enjoyed it you want me to do
more draft videos yeah hey for watching
and see gosh cool tune your middle all
right I'll do it 3-1
I lose the only realistic person I don't
know which is more unrealistic ideals a
new hope in one I'm hoping our three
Northland I'm here more chocolates squad
going up they got calots course good
schools for nil
score
