take that for why'd you back earth sure
got the voice make your booty go well
that was a lot more effort than it
should have been anyways yes so we are
going to the Arsenal game tonight
Arsenal vs Barcelona but that means that
I am now in a rush because I woke up
late and I need to record this fever
video which I'm about to do so then I
need to edit that and then we go to the
game there's usually like twenty four of
us going old I'll show you everyone
who's going on with there you've
probably already seen them in the in
Chadha night but yeah I need to record
this edit this change because I'm not
going into the shirt so anyway yeah then
we go to the game what should basses
smash Arsenal unless that was wrong in
which case watch Arsenal smash faster so
yeah I'm gonna record I will catch you
guys in a second
ok so I've just been told that we're
leaving at very early a time I've just
finished recording and I now have very
very little time to edit this so there's
a very high chance I didn't release a
video today or that day whichever it was
Wednesday Tuesday Tuesday but if I
didn't then that means I'll have videos
for the rest of the week cuz I have a
very busy week hence where there may be
a lot of losses upload today I'm gonna
float tomorrow and I'm gonna book the
next day they might not come out in that
order or they might not come out at 3
days consecutively but they will come
out so y'all need to stop talking to you
guys and in this video what I did
I did it I did its rendering right now
then I thought even in focus its kind of
in focus its rendering which means that
this video is going out today which
means that now don't have a video for
tomorrow anyway
I have 17 minutes left to get ready and
I need too much just need to change top
and then we go to Oh mad that is Arsenal
Barcelona and it yeah it's just gonna be
sick
such a big game right yeah I need for
talking go boom everything's a rush
we made it you ideally want to school
gonna be yo green or pre no Arsenal yes
alright go school soon your middle all
right I'll do it 3-1 right hi this is
the only realistic person I don't know
which is more unrealistic Oh yours an
important one I'm hoping our three more
often I mean we're more chop this squad
go in huh they got calots right scores
good scores for else scores 100
basically your score to nil bar Samir
score a guy from the inbred countries
sup all right let's go for gonna be I'm
going where
Corino arsenal 104 17 and oh shut up
wish our school do one school a little
more - yeah this man is oh no I lay off
the double video innocent but here food
is food seriously yeah okay I'm good
John's end it okay we sold in the
Arsenal part towards him like I was
holding the Arsenal part on him that's
all
my colors
Oh
nervous pocket of an Earthling
you can tell by that
it's tucked me out here
he needs something else
Daniel time I roll with a professional
analysts opinion is a flat on the rest
one of Barcelona's I believe no no no no
Bologna autograph there's no like Demi
no met what I want the anything about
God fostering just about campus and they
are about attended an arm sort of near
the window the English about to fit what
I see
the ground
money at least you got to see a go kids
real fans how many of them
ready going this is the boss runway
shows yeah we're real pretty
I'll make my set to nil I wonder than
everyone else at the Arsenal fans
predicted it Josh was right your
question injection sleeve is now wine
amiable for the stocks without my wife
that's why why now we head home but good
game again good day we do with well they
don't mind me but I don't know anything
yeah times at home we can cap going to
no doubt we're going cap that it's just
north of train for me met the box
and we're back
so now it's one o'clock in the morning
and we're looking for food the injustice
scavenging in the kitchen we're going to
eat me and Josh ketchup we're not in
Jetta you might catch up though and I
like ketchup
I don't like Amazon what are you in the
such a boring fridge you are sandwich
well enough one Joey like Josh I think
that was mean I'm sorry I have no idea
why I'm awake still it is what time it
is
I'm struggling through the time because
it's sideways right now it is half past
three in the morning I was meant to be
doing some tomorrow but I think other
I'm not doing it basically long story
but anyway apart from today was freaking
awesome okay I got me I did the video
which admittedly probably was a bit
rushed and I don't like saying that cuz
I don't like putting out videos that
rushed but I really liked having the
whole like video a day thing which was
bad I know but I'm sorry alright but
yeah I just say thank you to jay-z first
of all because he took us all to the
game and it was just incredible so thank
you so much Tim I know he's pretty
annoyed because I obviously lost I know
you guys like seeing us with other
people because then I every time every
time I am with like Jo SOGs or someone
like that the amount of tweets I get
saying please the video with them if
they want to do a video I am more than
gladly to video now I've come back I the
food me and Josh ended up talking for an
hour about stuff just YouTube in general
we end up doing that a lot at night and
I mean I I would say it was wasted time
I could be doing something but it
normally it's nobody helps my mindset
with you know YouTube and all that now
because I'm not doing what I was meant
to do tomorrow I have to edit tomorrow's
videos I may only do two
at the moment and then do one tomorrow
I've already done one so I mean dude the
other one tomorrow but I'm hoping that
while jesse is here she's literally here
for a couple days I'm hoping I will be
able to get vide art with her probably
won't even be FIFA because you know that
I know you guys want to see more
real-life stuff so I do a lot for the
eMeter and then I've just literally been
watching like drama alert with keemstar
about someone I know but anyway then I
also saw some mad videos going around
and it's quite amazing what people will
do for attention cuz obviously I know
that's gonna get deep but obviously I do
YouTube for a living like that that is
what I do
so obviously I'm trying to get views but
at the same time I'm trying to make
people to watch me happy so I effect
ibly I'm trying to get attention but
I've always seen it as trying to get
attention there's two ways you can do it
one is obviously you know you put a lot
of effort and stuff and there's the
other way which I don't want to go into
but yeah you know there's you know what
I mean there's there's the wrong kind of
attention you can get every time I see
something like this I literally just
have this huge like epiphany about how I
can go to the next level because I'm
very happy where I am right like I enjoy
what I do I love what I do I love
everyone watches the videos but I want
to get I want to achieve more but now I
need to just carry on and I need to do a
Q&A very very soon I haven't someone in
ages I have all this stuff I have the
questions I prepare everything just need
to film it to let me know what you want
to see because I can do more vlogs where
I will do more vlogs q and A's FIFA
videos will probably slowly fizzle out a
little bit if there's any challenges you
want me to try let me know non feature
related or thief related whatever and
yeah I will start working on some big
things big things soon so yeah thank you
guys for watching and coming with me
again
so shrimp
no no no no no no I'm not gonna buy
Heskey okay I refuse to buy Heskey I
told you whether to buy a player or go
with Luke and I mean this guy got it
right he said that the top comment was
like this comment or Die or something I
don't know I mean it didn't really help
that is actually the top comment I could
see as well that didn't really help
what's also now I don't know what to do
so I don't really then I'm gonna buy
anyone today
