no no no no no no I'm not gonna buy
Heskey okay I refuse to buy Heskey I
told you whether to buy a player or go
with Luke and I mean this guy got it
right he said that the top comment was
like this comment or die or something I
don't know I mean it didn't really help
there is actually the top comment I
could see as well that didn't really
help but also now I don't know what to
do so I don't really then I'm gonna buy
anyone today when an angry mood and I'm
gonna punish some evil online right now
going a weird way like not an online
chat room or anything so we are in
Division two we got promoted last
episode we haven't played any games and
we're going for our first two today
please let me win just realize though
this isn't even a BPL team because we
use a do be anemic is Marcial again now
what's they would do beer for now let's
go is taking a whole night to find
anyone and here's normal BPL team i
don't really care what his team is I
needed to find a game honestly about 12
hours
I wasn't searching for love it but Xbox
Live has been down let's do this guys
come on we've got to win this game play
it ok now he's playing first chance of
the game George best goes for a whippet
at own my own play gets in the way that
happened way too much to me come on we
have a chance Plamen gone and no why why
why look at the space I'm getting this
is ridiculous going play no where's the
funds oh hello hello edit back there you
go there you go and then touch Bowl a
little bit too much power
Oh early chance and boom done
no fidget pen as yet he just gave a pen
for that yeah disgusting look at it yeah
you just ate my elbow George best please
just put this game in to third yes
that didn't make any sense the other you
got a girly go up boom go to nil done
oh-ho-ho sonic that is a terrible ball
but we are starting to really show him
who's boss
come on great oh the boy is on the boy
oh ha ha ha just I thought it's in the
area but this is a fatal air penalty
because George best is that
loving it okay okay you want to play you
want to play who was the play go on yeah
exactly
uh there you go look at their stuff
ending look at the teamwork here oh no
Patrick magic fuck's sake I'm a shelf
Patrick I now we got freakin game on
first half solid but now we need to win
the second hole well we don't we need to
destroy but whatever come on George come
on George yet you know exactly where I'm
going or do you boom what wait wait Oh
George you be when then boom go yes sir
you have to school up yes thank you
that's three one the lags didn't L just
don't be stupid now Simon meanie ho ho
ho no that was so good
go go go do me up do me up Dumbo que
pasa back we go right no no George come
on man how are you falling him come on
oh all right and that's the second
yellows oh what's that
where do we go now because he knows I
went left last time this time top right
oh go oh I'm done All Right game on come
on let's finish this now please finish
this please finish this out you know
what we are passing it I'm sorry I'm
sorry we're passing it boom go five - I
want the coins yeah I've picked the
maxes five goals I mean we'll take
another go with the opportunities there
I is bridge keeper oh that's a really
good safer's am I gonna get that am I
getting to that am I getting to this I
am I am and it's keep us out this gives
out just whenever with it boom six -
there it is
full-time division - first game first
win he actually makes no sense I can
just win that like
because in five I'm struggling but we
using a French team now let's see how
they fare let's see who they're facing
what the hell now I'm getting the full
freaking force of division - why are
both these peoples such pricks I've
literally what every cut seemed possible
for both of them why don't you want to
play the game right here we go we're
finally in let's do this guy's hi we got
a charge we got child to part it up
we've turned the wrong way and then we
play it over the top ah that would have
been incredible uh where's the team
where's my team wasn't - thank you okay
I forgot I have lawyers that's like
that's like a second offense right there
whoa boys
okay now I feel the force of division -
I can pass it pause it pause it again
pass it again oh really that shot after
that pass from George best edge of the
area into the area - Samia but not
through my employer just got in the way
again
oh my god lower don't ski oh I know it's
powerful man but come on he's like I got
some fancy feet from Samir Nasri Samir
Nasri summit one good what I know with
me gonna McGee D spin there I wouldn't
affect you know I'll just whip up all in
there's the bullet of all why he became
that go posture right to touch plank
okay just catch that as easy as pie
George best George best oh come on
where are you where are you going no I'm
not there literally nothing has happened
in this game why can't I get a sharpie
just keep shooting from there last
chance last chance come on come up come
on let me have another chance I don't
know I mean a lot of these shots were
pretty far out oh my no we can't let and
we can't let no what are you going no
yes okay come on Griezmann reason yes
grits and nipples boom that's not near
blows that was just at the goalkeeper he
took me out oh no no no no no I keys
miss that Go Go what okay
to throw that there but we'll take it go
go go play it come on come on 9 I know
you're getting caught you're getting
caught all right and pausing back pause
back come on let's run let's run through
this where's the bullying aah oh my days
Josh Josh what's a finish look at this
how did he get there and then just that
finish is majestical come on come on
come on come on come on come on come on
come on
fuck off oh no look at the lag as well
look at this right all right I know he's
gonna pass it across yes yes all right
last chance this is it last chance let's
go let's go where's the attack where's
this at go pass right no no no no no no
that was it we'll take the draw division
- we are almost in Division 1 and I get
a win and a draw as long as I carry on
doing that that's perfect that guy was
just incredibly boring you just had
shots from like 30 yards out constantly
as I said as long as you just keep doing
that cuz then we get 5 wins 5 draws and
that's 20 points at one point off as
long as we keep doing that I just wanna
get promoted I still have all my coin so
you guys need to let me know and if it's
stupid I'm just not gonna buy anyone ok
so I'm being I'm being a strict teacher
right now naughty thank you guys for
watching and see you right here we go
here we go come on it's about time oh
wow we got grown up Frank these bags are
good and what Oh Pat is he upgraded shut
why I'm going because I swear I had it
no one else really that good my sweeties
all right but grow the play that flashes
up is the one we keep what a star I well
I don't think it could get much better
than that I mean we could get it in four
we get a legend right over but ag√ºero
88 rating is
