yo guys what's going on and welcome to
the 50k pack challenge thing I don't
really think of a name for this because
I didn't really know what I was doing
but now I know what I'm doing there are
ten 50k packs out right now how many
players are there in a team that's right
eleven what is going on down David
Seaman he is the 11th player now what
I'm going to do is I'm gonna open the
ten packs the player that pops up will
go into my team then I will play a game
with it and I will prove that David
Seaman can carry a team let me actually
cool this the seamen challenge now
that's a Reggie video in a month anyways
here we go first
50k pack and I heard that these are
quite good if sometimes I don't know but
let's see I am an open any patience team
of the year let talk I can get someone
at least an in-form if he ever want to
let me open a pack ah yeah yeah my
name's Simon right here we go here we go
come on it's about time oh wow we got
back these bags are good and what Oh
back if he upgraded it's not why I'm
going because I swear I had it no one
else really that good my sweeties all
right but grow the play that flashes up
is the one we keep what a star I well I
don't think it could get much better
than that I mean we're getting in for we
get a legend whatever but agüero 88
rating is freakin insane and we get a
goal keep that's that is bad that's very
very bad as I said the player that
flashes up is in the team and I was
worried about no a goalkeeper so I put
seamen in and now we have Alba's pack
numero tre that was like six different
languages together come on we got well
we got a goalkeeper which is bad we want
some defenders now give me a defender
boom centre back boom pique well I would
I just say I sent it back can you feel
it can you feel it can you feel it okay
that will work actually pretty well to
centre backs and they both play for the
same team perfect right time for symud
fielders give me an informer Center
mid-gulf
sugar wait what do I do now weeds popped
up again do we take the second eyes
okay he's Israeli exactly the same okay
so don't judge me for doing the
they're rated the same so David Luiz is
going into my theme don't look at me
like that
alright I'm not cheating we have had
half the packs and we have three center
backs our goalie and a strikers just Oh
perform Connor play anchor Oh running it
for Molson okay but we don't get to use
him but we go on inform us that's not
too bad we'll put in the club and we'll
put Kaanapali anchor into our team I'm
happy with that you know we've got an
informer we've got a guerre oh we've got
a cut of the anchor we get a Bonaventure
at it no tip although we are getting a
lot of ridiculously different leagues
three packs remaining please give me
what or what do I want I want to send a
mid yes
boom Chelsea fàbregas links with pk and
it links with agüero and we also got
Schweinsteiger in the pack see you go on
a transfer list oh why don't we fatties
our 50k pack I should be getting someone
at least decent and we get right mid and
is in another league we haven't had a
these leagues are fucking me over he's
not even like a nationality that will go
with anyone he's freaking from Armenia
who fun fact of the day however the
number one sexiest women in the world
according to a recent vote on lad Bible
final
ah God's not another centre-back what
the hell do I do now so there is the
team that's what it's looking like and
you know what is 68 chemistry I mean the
defense is all right we got three center
backs and goalkeeping nor him but we
also have a centre-back playing in
centrum it so the teams all right and
David Seaman is gonna keep me in this
and just in case we filled the bench as
well you know just in case and the
person we are gonna be playing is Dean
money with a friggin in oh wow oh he's a
legend it's gonna be real test right
here we go lads we have the chemistry
they have the chemistry over us but you
know what we have the heart and the lag
apparently come on David Luiz look at a
power David Luiz Oh pop Oh noise very
tall Oh bollocks ah what the
as if you're gonna beat semen with that
come on where we go where we got four
sides no you just go my way don't look
where Oh lads I want to say this too
early but I've got this gonna grow you
know what it's agüero and a grower was
amazing he sports other home I win in
this game you know what I don't care
he's stunt oh my god okay little man
what's he gonna do what's he gonna do
he's gonna just freeze we were just
excited to get to know each other man
you know what I'm taking that as a win
even if I didn't have a shot on target
all right game to let's go again let's
bring it on it can't be as good as the
last team it's not exactly I got this
guy's I've got this one all right guys
let's show them what we do we did it
last game kind of and now we should do
it again come on go come on go Oh what
what oh oh what a touch what of it
sure oh please fight yep offside
bonaventure ah come on look at look at
that from agüero how by hell am i not
scoring that what the hell this lag is
ridiculous about it missed it why is
there AG again FIFA servers are the
frickin slowest thing since sliced bread
are you freaking serious are you
freaking serious again I this is the
final time he's got ebro's going in
defense right key bird doesn't have
chemistry but he is the broken
goalkeeper Laurice let's do this at a
final time I
there's already that's really likely to
service and because I know it was
something you're gonna be like are you
sure it's not your inset it's definitely
not mine's there because I have tested
my Internet come on agüero come on come
on come on
finesse oh oh how are you are your your
chemistry ah okay guys I've got this how
the hell is he just schooled that I've
got Stephen in gold save as many be the
one that goes in not the ball unless
you're into some weird stuff okay my
defense ain't the best my defense is not
the Bears see my place and eat you today
okay we got a little chance Connor
blinker you know what kind of plea I get
you're gonna you're gonna pass again
that's not where I said but it'll do it
will that won't do damn it awaits it is
a big problem that davon Louise can't
pass but ah that's a really good really
really good go ribery
just leave me alone oh no no no no no he
knows he can just cross it to e because
my frickin defense don't have any
chemistry you know what agüero can do
what DeMaria can look look oh yeah yeah
bitch I've really that took a deflection
there a min go on you know what it's
grown I'm very confident agüero's
abilities right now oh god here we go
it's halftime what's he going to do okay
he's crushed it in Ebro close I'm done
closing down last chance gone there you
go they go Martinez but Athenians make
another tackle get up tackle him
nice nice no our halftime the only thing
that I am happy about is that I've had
more shot and I don't think he's
realized my left back as a goalkeeper
everything else I'm distraught layman
again Oh boom I don't know how I've
scored there but that worked don't treat
look at this player I don't know why I
passed that one and then I don't know
why I passed that one either but it
worked I think he's learned that I have
a goalkeeper oh no come on Alvers no no
no semen nice oh god my defense is awful
my defense is terrible that is just what
was that I'm not sure I don't know if
the corner is exactly the best way to
score cuz the keeper came coming out I
think I deserve to win this game I don't
know
but for some reason something is telling
me I deserve to win I just can't do
anything like why is that for a boss
right wait wait
Juana Ventura ref wait Fidel so now that
isn't even close we must be left food
what the hell
where's my defense where's what it no
that's a goal that's a goal and he's
just freaking on the game 3-1 oh my god
oh my god
please please please where are you
running to I can get around me do that
but I need one more goal and you know
what this is a league game as well so
it's just gonna be a draw even if I do
score there it is there's the game
because he got out of that long
of all the games I genuinely felt most
comfortable in that one that's a lie but
that's the 50k Pike challenge done or
the semen challenge done let me know
what you guys want to see on FIFA
because you know like a lot of people
say they don't want to see certain stuff
they do want to see some stuff let me
know in the comments below thank you
guys for watching and see you hey close
your eyes ah giggles literally they see
like who you look like you're a kitchen
utensil high genic
close your eyes
