yo is the morning well it's actually
like coughed well it's actually one
o'clock so I need to go lucky I'm up and
ready as my morning orange juice ignore
that one that's vodka I drove my Yap
anyway yeah we're going to the football
and I go eat some breakfast and then get
a train and then meet my may and it gets
beer and then watch the football the
light fish anymore mate
traffic is so bad actually decided to
walk in this weather
that's me that's me man
yeah
a few inches later
just in case you wanted to know what it
was like what the hell was he doing
what is he doing
right so we ride back at Hemel in my
hometown but I'm waiting for a lift to
go home then I got drive home and I'm
gonna take full advantage of the food
first cuz it's like a key thing that's
that's the reason I come home it's a
Toby kun fist bump is dog ready her be
happy okay alright what's this I hope
you worked on this come on fist bump
fist bump
come on dirt yes
come on coach stiva I listened to some
Justin Bieber on the way home what
should I say beaver all right let's not
doesn't up shut up shut up shut up
stopped no stop gonna take these so that
I can do something with these don't know
what yet but something imma take this
just cuz it feels good you don't know
what it is by the way it's one of these
things it's like a head massager Oh
gonna try out on the others on the other
and honestly the faces they will pull
will be weird like they will be
definitely meme worthy but that's go
let's go bye I've got a foolproof method
now here you go you see this this mum no
no this yeah come up mmm
there you go right I am back and if you
guys didn't see Josh's Instagram
personally follow him on Instagram what
is this light there's one bulb there are
three and it's a tiny little green light
that literally lights up one little spot
anyways if you guys didn't see Josh's
Instagram and I think like Toby's tweet
I don't have Toby Instagram bit a little
a little secret for you guys little
secret here boom look at this look look
at this exclusive exclusive honestly I
don't think you'll find me wearing
pretty much anything else now that this
is the right what I'll change tisha
obviously and I'll change underwear and
socks but yeah I might get another one
of these but this is pretty much all I'm
gonna wet I am going to recorded the
others well they're actually recording
right now Justin's about to record so
he's recording now I need to figure out
what I'm gonna eat we're gonna start
putting a GTA soon but I'm a winner sure
and he wasn't a fridge it's not very
interesting but
you know like you see MTV Cribs doing
maybe they always show it are these
really really boring got some soul
spleens got all of these and then that
bad boy is what my mum gave me gave me a
shepherd's pie to bring home so she's a
savior anyway yeah it's time to go
record GPA and some random games for my
second channel hey roommate Barry and
Molly Molly the mouse bury the Bert it
is time to probably edit some of this
vlog I mean I'm gonna carry on vlogging
until like tomorrow
well I'll vlog until I go to bed because
for the first time in ages I've actually
done tomorrow's videos right close your
eyes literally they see like you look
like you're a kitchen utensil all right
JJ close your eyes Oh oh my god eyes the
most amazing thing in the world do
that's like sex sex with a grapefruit
and I'm out I don't know enough is done
and I'm gonna go answer recording mode
right now so we are literally here
waiting to do GTA so as soon as they are
ready we're gonna start recording and I
think I'm gonna have to call it a night
saying that I am actually gonna get food
after this even though it is cool past
midnight because I am starving and they
say we're not cultured I got Italian
food JJ a steak and josh is eating in
the only Abood and Vick there's need
food yes I'm literally gonna bed
straight after this ah but first of all
there's a song
Scion is hurting down Akita you know and
we go to bed because what I look pink
just then anyway we are going to bed we
we're not we're not going but sorry
sorry everyone
yeah that is the day done I might I
might edit something but that's very
boring so quarter to three that's all
for today you can't add football with me
what else did we do we failed doing a
trick with the dog came home and yeah
that's all the day if you want to let me
know any suggestions that you want me to
do or any differences to the blogs let
me know in the comments below that you
guys watching have a good day and soon
passed it again
there you go that's too hard too hard
Griezmann that's what she said get Britt
get keepers no no no our keeper fellow
for my cue ball got tricks it's not fair
it's just not frickin fair look watch my
goalkeeper here okay what are you
watching okay great change of angle
there and it lies it's fantastic we need
to win so we've gone attacking but let's
see what it could
