and fun to go home again so I'm vlogging
it hopefully this works out it should be
a vlog weekend I should have a vlog
today should have brought more both very
different things today I am going home I
have to have like a meeting and it's
very early right now well it's very
early for me normally I wake up around
like 2 p.m. this is right now is well
actually saying that it's now 10 past
12:00 and I'm about an hour late I've
been up since about 11:00 and I've got
to go home I'm gonna have that meeting
and then I think I tweeted out about
going into like my town where I come
from and a lot of you replied so I might
go there and just see who's about dude
slice mall me out I guess we'll see I'm
just decided to go home and see my dog
for the first time ages also last time I
mentioned about the setup because I've
got a new keyboard mouse and etc this
time we have the new camera if you saw
that on my Instagram look at this bad
boy
oh it glows look at this look at this
this is what you are gonna be seeing me
record with also quick sidenote so if
you can hear this I don't have you heard
that if you did that I pretty certain is
the bird from earlier I thought berry
was dead but buried apparently alive
time to go I've already got my shoes on
so I'm literally about the head hours
just starting the vlog so let's go home
I it's a quick stop off forget macaron
food etc and I haven't had take away
this year and there's a KFC and a Viking
here I'm gonna resist
Hey
you mad Toby mama made it
haha are you just standing still rights
and meeting done and now I am in my
hometown because I tweet it out
yesterday saying anyone want to come
meet me here
a couple people of light I don't know
where I'm going by that in a while
I've definitely gone the wrong way but
yeah thought I'd come down see if
anyone's here - yeah if you were there
hi not not hi I'm Paula and these guys
about to fall off the scooter so I
thought I'd record it yes he's famous
he's watching himself but that's not him
yeah I just that you know I went to the
gym this morning so I can do yeah when
don't you shut your eyes I do let's show
you guys
serious they've broken something met
like 30 people what we've even came over
the hour two hours I was there someone
giladhiz thank you - go - give me those
hey you guys coming cuz I was just
around the town some people said they
were waiting there for a couple of hours
so sorry about that it's mad that I
didn't even sell it's gonna definitely
go there were people there so yeah hey
you guys to come in but now I like head
home and eat and I'm back in a house
with a dog girl girl what up oh okay
we're not friends I have literally just
been doing nothing for awhile for the
first time in quite a while just
watching The Simpsons as you do
playing with Doge and they're actually
explained I have a dog if you didn't
figure that out by now anyway yeah now I
think I'm just gonna eat and then yeah
I'm excited for home cook looking what
did I should say leaves me wat for
tomorrow so anyone who's there this
video is up to date anyway so doesn't
make a difference but I would have been
able to met some of you and I'll be my
vlog tomorrow and my dad's just got home
so I will talk to you in a minute
ice I told Manny that my favorite
vegetable was an ass joke so yeah that's
an artichoke for those who didn't know
hmm
nice family night in what do we watch
Joe and Caspar yeah
I've already seen that but it's really
good excited yeah I was my dad was my
dad zoom over now we don't have any food
here I know it's just a book no this
used to be the crisp cupboard now
there's the KitKat that's it oh man
don't know I'm gonna eat all these but
anyway
everyone has gone to bed because it's
half past midnight I'm gonna start
editing this vlog because my aim shut up
TV my aim is to get this blog out today
when when this video goes out and then I
can go to football tomorrow vlog that
day that's Sunday's video as well so now
I'm going to be editing right here that
is a yeah that's that's my current work
desk could look at this like this that
is it but I have just found the best
thing on TV right so you know what is on
look at this show that's right strippers
the werewolves this is gonna be sick if
you guys recognize this room by the way
you're an OG because I think I must have
only film like one video in here if you
know what that video is okay I'm gonna
tell you now but I have a guest right
wrong unless you're right then right it
was the waste to wear a house something
like that it was a weird video I
probably did a couple why did queue an
actually I like to to but anyway that is
all for me today got to see my mum see
my dad got see my dog got home cooked
food came out met you guys now watching
strippers be rebels and yeah I will see
you guys tomorrow for another vlog if
you were at the game make sure you came
and said hi this doesn't make sense as
videos already out and the games
happened but I'm gonna stop rambling on
now and let you guys get on with your
day so hope everyone's having a good day
and see oh no okay
this is a big moment in the game because
of these schools now this is it it's
over these scores now it is over and
he's getting away just get away from me
make me all mode you're going there
good block and there's the final goals
from haggis the legend yep
brilliant what the hell is that touch
right we don't have much to lose we whip
a ball in there's a bow
