I told you guys one player that's it I
also told myself that the comments are
broken yet that didn't mean anything the
comments for me showed no top comments
really so I had to go on Twitter and the
top comments that you guys said were
this one from Luke F and as I said one
plays all I am willing to switch right
now if you guys really want me to do
that I will do it but I need to know
because I don't actually like changing
the whole team because it doesn't really
work in a series where I show you
everything but it's up to you guys as
this is your series our series but the
next time point was to get Matsui D so
we're gonna stick with that one so we
get Blaise Matuidi which means
Schneiderlin you're out of a job mate
we're gonna have to get rid of you and
put in the blaze and as I said last time
guys this episode is a big episode you
know why because one win out of the two
games gets me promotion two wins and I
get the title but let's not focus on
there let's focus on just getting one
win for now French team will start the
episode I just leave one win one win and
the team for promotion is a weed French
league Spanish league English league
French Brazil I don't know it's a mush
ah we go this is a very big game I would
rather win this game than have all the
mashed potato in the world and that is
saying something because I frickin love
mashed potatoes oh no stop it like some
of the like great challenge great tackle
come on give a little chance here now we
have a little chance that's not really
where I met that but you know what only
takes one goal to win doesn't it I would
got a little chance now no chance is red
that is red that but can you read this
no because there's too much lag what
that's a foul give me that give me the
free thank you it's a little bit too far
out though it is George best then we
probably
oh what a save why is that it's like
look at it oh he's open
you just missed mister well what was
that why why why why why why why why why
why why why why Delilah what the hell is
going on know what you just left the
ball see I don't know what's actually
happening right now but it's it's not
going well there's like there's just a
complete disease in this game and I
don't know what I can do we just need
one go and he might quit a bit whoa no
no no why did it have to be on this game
why did it have to be the one where I
actually could get promotion please no
what is that for a touch and there's
this one job great save Laurice I told
you Lewis's broker good broken but still
broken nonetheless okay looks like the
lag has slowed down a bit but can I
screw please he's got a good goalkeeper
he's got a broken one too
far side far side guard take a touch
how's the touch shocking touch good
effort that is a very very good effort
what the hell what the hell he's got a
complete free cross and he's absolutely
fluffed it up come on George
come on George you know what it's George
best he could do those things sometimes
you know sometimes he can do those
things no not not in the 45th minute
please there you go lost he's last
chance
well has he that's a foul and it goes
last chance right now
what what come on Simon adjust me one
wind today that's it there's a halftime
and I'm losing one nail is the worst
outcome obviously I don't feel like it's
deserved up it's been very even the lag
has been a big factor oh I thought I was
out for pass that was the worst thing
you ever seen doc passing stop passing
we don't like it oh we don't like that
stop gals me government broke get off me
she'll be right go go come on come on
there we go there we go claim it again
go you could believe me through
you've got place Shirley Shirley why is
it going Walker why anyone but Kyle's
right read it dumb ik pass it again
there you go that's too hard too hard
Griezmann that's what she said get for
it get the keepers no no no my keeper
fellow for my keeper got tricks it's not
fair it's just not frickin fair look
watch my goal key be okay were you
watching
okay great change of angle they're in it
that is fantastic
we need to win so we've gone attacking
but let's see what it can do go and play
min right and then we just go for a
cross but we don't have any big players
muscle back go on keep going keep going
judge there's a bull oh shoot oh where
is my team I wanna take him back post
we'll take a corner go let's go we need
to go Ultra attacking now we're on all
heart attack right now and I don't even
have any players in there please can I
have a goal from the corner please
please please please Quinn
keep us out are you serious are you
freaking serious he just freaking took
me out no stay back stay back
do you see that yeah you saw that this
guy has got so lucky his second goal
my keeper falls over his third goal my
defender gets fouled matter idiom
I'm just saying mate I'm not too happy
what the hell what really it went to him
I went to Griezmann of everyone there it
went to him RIT and he's got a throw-in
I think that's gonna be it guys I think
that's gameplay he's taking me out again
with that bow look you see that no no no
no no no nah nah nah he has done that so
many times this is ridiculous
this is actually dumb okay where's my
that's it he's blowing the whistle fair
great great game brilliant I have to win
the next game the final game of
tradition 3 this game determines whether
we have a whole nother season in this
division or we move on to the promised
land of division 2 and we got use the
BPL side let's see if they can do better
than the French team the biggest game so
far and he has three informs ok a good
team it's a good team it's not
incredible but it's freakin damn good
please just let this be an easy game
later be one of those games why just go
like three nil up in the first 10
minutes come on great pass great boss
when y'all done yes I couldn't even see
the ball just then sorry no in the first
10 minutes that is why I'm aiming for I
don't know why but if I do that then I'm
pretty certain he'll quit right where do
we go we go there we go there we go to
shoot and then take such add boom goal
to nil 7 minutes in that we have 3
minutes to get a third goal he's gonna
quit he's definitely quitted guys we
look like we're getting promoted come on
this is it last chance last chance last
chance come on come on right all right
pass it up all right and then wait no as
it ran out let's time it out let's top
it up yes it's 3 million I said three
nil in 10 minutes and
different kind of composure Simon
composure I'm only three no luck I'll be
calm now Simon we've got to be calm we
have to just keep our composure and just
keep scoring goals where do we go from
here where we go play calm can't give it
away no no you see that way oh no no no
Wayne I know you're in Formula know like
the lag that you like help me maybe I've
been a lag switched all these years
right touch touch shoot boom
great effort did you touch it literally
nothing has happened in this game
because I'm too nervous to do anything
he's not that bad I know I'm obviously
winning playing in oh no George
but yeah literally nothing is happening
and I'm worried because I know one
momentary slip and then he will score
and then it's right back on I swear if
this game if I swear yay
why do this why do this why is EA so bad
why haven't it webinar spamming a to
edit what happened
did it guys we didn't get the title but
as I said the main aim here was
promotion yeah you've clinched it eight
and a half thousand coins that is enough
to buy whoever you want you know
whatever you want baby and we are in the
promised land that is known as division
two woo left it a bit late there but
hopefully we will carry on getting
promoted let me know who you want me to
buy if you want me to do what Luke said
earlier on which was this let me know by
I don't know just in saying let's go
with Luke and if the top comment is go
with Luke then I will do that that's all
today thanks for watching and see oh no
okay this is a big moment in the game
for kids of these schools now this is it
it's over if he scores now it is over
and he's getting away he's getting away
from it make we all know you're going
there good block and there's the final
goals from hagas the legend yep
brilliant what the hell is that touch
right we don't have much to lose we whip
a ball in there's a ball
