all right so I failed the strongest team
a few days ago if you haven't seen I'm
sorry for spoiling it whoops now I am
back for another challenge which josh
has also done but you guys wanted me to
do this so I'm doing it as well you can
check out Josh in the description he has
done this I don't really know how well
he did all I know is I'm gonna try and
win the draft with the fastest team I
can make so some of you seemed a bit
confused with this because that you were
wondering why I chose Messi / Marcelo it
was all to do with physicalness this
time is altered in the speech so the
player with the fastest card is the one
that makes it into my team so we go into
the formation and this one is all about
speed as well so you know 3/5 - that's
not very speedy 4 3 3 that's like a
quick formation honestly think I might
be drunk when I make these I've over 2 4
3 3 defend ice and a captain this speech
please be ok holy shit alright no ok I
don't know how we do this we have named
our art zoo hero Guerro yet none of them
win we have Ronaldo and cuadrado bows
493 pace now I'm just gonna unlike a lot
of you angry I didn't choose Messi
so we're gonna put a Ronaldo this is the
quick team let's do this quick as well
worth bank weight which is pay side
first on the 79 79 I see a toe Davis
Harold Terrence not right next one 93 a
barber just missed out Lucas is decent
CDM we want Pacey on 69 69 high low 16
I'm meadow alright next one the CDM the
other side didn't mean to but we get if
Alen sent amid oh that is a nice choice
and matter we do is a pretty damn good
one I get to use although this team
ain't linking together it's all right
back pay space 8086 take I'll take your
take you man centre backs on our backs
on our backs on our back 77 77 77 737
nice pace 70 72 74 not the best one I
can I got there and the left back we get
is 80 we get bazinga no we get Filipe
lu√≠s inform paces the first stat on the
course so the goal keep lanes whatever
the first that is whoever's the highest
gets to be in my team
and it's not even the legend it's not
even import oil
it's thorium layman we have Noah and I
can't even the owner wait there was
actually a speed card oh my god let's go
see us anyway I can't believe that we
literally have a legend we have in for
Moya and we have to use info Casillas
right sub time let's go for the speed or
speed 53 53 47 50 48 this could work out
you never know right back to the normal
pace 79
lips finer pace oh okay I get a choice I
think the fact that I haven't got a
single BPL player I'm gonna have to take
Felipe Anderson Oh some of these players
are fastly
I mean 83 still decent pace what else we
got rough go on whoa whoa okay Marcial
is a decent decent card all of them a
decent is epic ally but for kid diamo
real okay what else are we gonna get
we're going to get a nice cat eat okay
we get a BPL plan that we have to take
but casinos good in this game so I'm
happy with some of your neighbors we're
all just little bundle right now no
getting that many informs I'm getting a
few I mean there's a seven Desiree oh I
have such an attacking team Bay always
some or someone's gonna play out front
and Sabre whoever you are IMO we came
right wings and left wings and over the
shop right now 33 85 85 another left
needs add the final card for their day
is play Baba I thought it's gonna be
tasted you know what manager as well I
forget about this one who looks like
they would win in a race you know what I
think Freddie's got a secret engine
we're just gonna take him right now I'm
gonna go try and make this into the best
team possible I'll be back
now the team is this and I know we're
thinking it's it's it's a weird team and
I should swap those two round that
actually makes it worse so I'm not going
to do that we have
Neymar playing up front we have Lukas
playing as a centre defence admit Mia
Bale play as a separate offense a bit
this may be the most attacking team I
have ever played in my life I'm worried
about Burton because it's got no
chemistry but we're going into the first
game geez I so will you got for me how
we got let's is got a left-winger play
instead of it as well and three team of
the years let's do this guy's as tackle
him no this is actually chocolate
touch me baby go alright let's go let's
where's the pace is the pace coming out
oh come on
come on you know what it's Ranade it's
Ronaldo boom oh good effort that's what
counts
come on bail come on Jay come on cut
bail gee what thou our z3r others root
we all know where you're going what the
fuck is that
oh my days so why did he just miss the
ball there's one thing I completely
forgot is my team don't now to defend
come on I just need one little chance
one little chance and then I actually
may get a go Gore Plus up come on run
out now there you go where we go now
where do you go what oh what oh no what
that's the wall okay I'm not sure how I
really feel about this team anymore you
know I'm thinking oh hello hello hello
boom I was just about to sleep the team
and then name our schools one of the
worst goes over cinema life but it went
in and that's what counts the fastest
team is doing well I come on Matt really
come on blaming let me go big reason
that was that wasn't even close to him
anyway
alright we actually need another go look
at look at this piece wow that was
Thiago Silva is keeping up with a
frickin orange DeMaria
what the hell no what the what the
actual fuck what the hell is actually
going on I don't know what he just ran
through my entire team don't know how we
missed it but for some reason it just
wouldn't do anything
oh don't now I'm still winning this game
okay come on pass it pass it
right Oh Dibble never never never
okay okay now we are officially even
there's halftime and I am playing
absolutely terribly right now look I'm
being destroyed and yet I'm winning I
guess that's what counts really doesn't
it I doesn't matter how bad a plan see
the problem is he has frickin Jordi Alba
one side and he's got frickin losses
rather he's got team of the year someone
else on the other side okay this is this
is this is bad what am i doing what am i
doing no game front come here Bo
come here G come on sheep
we all know you're gay up we all know
where you're going tackle that is
ridiculous how he hasn't scored but I
don't care see this is what I'm hoping
is that my players are so fast it
doesn't matter because I get the chances
how did he how did he save that come on
what's the help like this look why you
don't run in all right run No all right
play plan suit
what how was it getting on that I I'm
really struggling with my defense I've
gone defensive because my team isn't
good defensively
although nice oh man dander is saving my
ass as is it's finishing because he's
finishing has not been good I shouldn't
speak too early should i oh my god oh my
day that's the great touch as well from
Benzema big tiger yes that was a gamble
and it worked all right let's say
Salinas actually made some movements
there you go there you go on pour
L'Amour that's it done 82nd minute to
nil done undeserved who cares saying
that saying that we may have another go
here we may have another freaking go
head to the area ting edge of the area
from broad jump Barone Joe eating pen
thank you I am so sorry mate in fact
know what imma just put this down the
middle and you're gonna save it I feel
bad yeah there you go
that one was literally just cuz I felt
sorry because that was ridiculous
harmony
what the Frick was no no no no no no no
no no no okay okay okay okay okay hang
on
oh okay never mind well in that case
I've won the game have a nice time done
two-nil first round done little bit
harder than I thought it'd be so with
the strong team if you didn't know you
should stop listening now but basically
I got to the second round so I won the
first game lost the second game so this
is to get better than that we're gonna
go with that that's what we're gonna go
with and the next theme we get oh my god
three team of the years again and a
legend and a record breaker this is this
can't go well let's try it anyway let's
see what we can do whether we can beat
Wendy's hot stuff okay this guy knows
what he's doing as well oh okay painting
my goal keeper doesn't know what he's
doing I
can a little bit now we're getting a
little bit better weekend a little bit
grim matter eating why is matter eating
there go for across good ball let's good
players to play come on no stop him oh
oh okay okay okay we're in trouble -
trouble trouble when you walked in
outside yeah I'm getting way too lucky
today it's gonna end soon as an epee
stop this go just go let's go let's go
we all saw that coming
oh my dad ah no no no no no that is the
worst goal that has been conceded today
that is a load of rubbish and I refuse
to lose to that if I'm gonna lose I'm
gonna lose buy more hi let's try Giambi
whoa oh my god please flames through
pass the ball DeMaria you don't have
feet oh my god if he goes sergio ramos
no no no he's good so you're always
playing is like a CDM I think I didn't
actually see that if he has I know
you're gonna disagree me okay but I'm
not really really really enjoying
DeMaria I'm not enjoying him that much
but that's that's all that's up there's
a goal there's wise ramus there where is
RAM was playing for him oh goes I'm
going on a second round again why I'm
convinced that chemistry is one of the
most important things
why the hell is Sergio Ramos playing
there I'm trying to figure this out I
need a goal badly please far side
there's the ball good with it okay
that's a good left foot ball okay
that'll do that'll do that that won't do
that will not do that will run big up
one no sale
bill bill bill how how is everyone
faster than better than but oh okay
that's not sleepy Louise please come on
he's frickin called haggis cool in it
that it's just fantastic
what by a path back no halftime
absolutely she'll don't deserve to be
winning not going to claim I juice
what what I'll know okay here we go this
is a big moment in the game because of
these scores now this is it it's over if
he scores now it is over and he's
getting away he's getting away from me
make me all mode you're going there good
block and there's the final goals from
haggis the legend yep brilliant what the
hell is that touch right we don't have
much to lose we whip a ball in there's a
bow very rare holy shit where is my
defense haggis leave me alone
oh my god this side is my right my left
defender doesn't exist
Philippe Louise doesn't exist for Neil I
just want to go I just move one goal
that's in and I know I'm playing
absolutely terrible but it's not
who is that who is that that's a great
ball and the touch from DeMaria of
course literally nothing is happening in
this game I just I can't get a pass
together he I don't know I know how he's
managed to get that many goals against
me but nothing happens right well for
Neal huh
for freakin Neal oh my god yeah don't
play Mon it might even be fighting it
won't be five there it is
for Neal absolutely shambolic guys I
promise one of these teams will get me
past the second round I'm just playing
absolutely terrible
I got stuffed by Wendy's hot stuff and
that's it we get these rubbish packs
again we get three to normal goal
partner jumbo gold pack yay Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba by Lopez now the wonderful
hurricane yay these packs are so bad and
the final pack surger who are on the
front that is all if you do you guys
need to let me know what team you want
to do next like whether it's the
youngest team the oldest team whatever
let me know that was a terrible pack as
well let me know that's all for today
thank you guys for watching that and
yeah
oh look into yeah well that is the
coldest thing everyone it's just like a
cold mush now you have to get at least
what the answer was a ha ha ha ha ha
nicely
