yo guys what's going on a welcome back
to the very best I asked you guys who to
get and you did not help me out here
YouTube either broke or this was
actually the drop comment by all Aston
Villa players so that they can have the
feeling of winning now I would join in
this witty banter but the problem is I
struggle to win koala obviously that
doesn't really tell me who to by now
there were other comments but I don't
really have many coins anyway so I've
decided that no one is gonna be bought
just yet instead we got back into
Division three with four games remaining
we need two wins and two draws or three
wins out for to get promoted can't
believe us a double in one breath anyway
we drew two games last episodes we got
the d twice no homo and we're going back
into this using the BPL team i'm looking
forward to this I feel I feel like I'm
in a good mood I really know why I feel
like I'm in a good mood instead of just
being in a good mood but anyway into the
first game so where you got for me will
you got for me huh ah hey hey hey nice
BPL team man all I'm saying is be
prepared to get whitewashed bitch I play
mint lemon guru no those are these
people right oh no I should have gone up
I should
oh stop him oh I'm this tackle but
Austin I've got it I've got this guy I'm
close done man oh no no no no they
didn't it in yeah always done DeBary wow
wow
I was blasted gonna do that to me I know
I don't play even up because I play
great or instead but leave the boy yeah
this is why is the boy as well
oh yeah anything you can do I can do
better
alright game on now I don't want another
d though please can I not have another D
great challenge come on don't do this
totally bad guy yeah read it read it
read it get it what no no no no no no no
no that's a good pass to him why did I
just pass it chuckling feel sidon feels
that please yeah we've read that we've
read that nah highs I'll run for us for
bus bicycle oh good oh oh
scene in far side he's on the edge he's
on edge how's that for a shitty touch
boom
I sure got my god Louie Go Go white why
is this so hard white no no no no he's
outside area as well there was no need
to be that hard come on rock off the
pass there you go look at that
look I've read it toss it down go pay em
through there you go come on come on
lads
come on lads there you go one more no
that's the way I wanted it we are
putting some pressure on but so is he
last time and I don't know whether I
deserve to be winning I mean that
suggests I do but it is a very very even
game I mean he's had a few chances these
is good at running run George run you
through oh my god I was like it's an
open goal it's an open goal there we go
thank you George
I've been away Boise from that far
that's a little bit too far I don't like
that right we're just playing slow
playing slow until we can get balling
and no one's there pass it
keep the ball lads oh oh oh George you
should have done better there although
although saying that saying that ref
George you couldn't have done any better
there you come I guess this one fake
shot look at this ready boom three
players out of the game I feel like
Marez okay come on come on come on
please touch okay no no no no no no no
puzzler all right you know what you know
what you know what I don't know what
okay we need to stop him and stop him
stop him stop him no I forgot bus dunno
how he Spooner don't know I learned get
through
ah I'm super saying now bitch a lot of
day ah what the hell what the hell the
whole day what the hell I'm drawing I
was three one up a second ago please
Ericsson please please please please
the wait wait wait no I didn't shoes
that was gonna be a cross oh okay no no
no no no oh please please please please
no wait right no pasa la right come on
George come on George George who is that
no that's it that's it we're done we
drew another frickin game I just got the
D again told you guys this is why I
didn't buy Aston Villa players because
they're just gonna be the same with me I
got it wrong earlier okay I know I need
to wins out of three games now to get
promotion no if I win this game next
episode is gonna be pretty damn
interesting right we're using a French
team no more playing games except the
people here we go he has zebra Mitch and
Thiago Silva and the PSG / like a set
team and Ruthie air can't wait to have
to deal with Ypres yeah George George
you're better than Ebron you're better
that come on pass it what the what
that's not really where I wanted it BAE
what there's a ball in gone boom ah
there you go see me through lame-o limp
in bloom again blown again oh yes I saw
miss mister that was a nice guy I know
it was sweaty but it was a nice goal
don't always need a Bree you know you
don't always need that one m8 why do you
have to address but you don't always
need that incredible play
a team that's what you need come on mate
what oh wait wait wait ah rev gun bang
everything yes - no I did not know Remi
cam McGinty spin no I'm trying to get
into this now sign against that now I
know boom yes I am
three-nil game done not gonna say that
take it back this is more like a Simon
we know isn't it this is the more like
me stop stop stop stop
great finish make wish I could have
players that could strike a ball as well
as that all right
what are we gonna do here cliche go on
Cleese you look at a pace look at the
blistering pace and the ball in to the
okay alright alright you know what you
know what Oh
shot some targets that's been games okay
here we go we got another chance Nasri
ref ref all right we'll carry on whoa
whoa don't know what I'm gonna do here
do you neither do I whoa I just like
chip it up to myself - volley that oh no
no no no no no no stay back stay back
stay back stay back great save that's
why I love Lori's game is very very
uneventful if I'm honest I know I know
I've scored three goals but not much has
actually happened okay okay he's dying
to get a big confidence now okay oh no
that yep oh how how did how how did Lori
say that I would be so pissed off if I
was him right now because that should
never ever ever ever ever back okay this
is broken
halftime at us about three Neal may not
be deserved three Neal but I do deserve
to be winning Claire now play Oh turn in
Vaness a blown whoa see it through the
middle gone come on come on come on all
right I'm sorry to do that I'm sorry too
George we're gonna have to have words
mate
what god fuck has happened is that what
yeah I don't deserve to win understand
fallen ill we got a little bit of
trouble now what we gonna do it
stop stop that's a pen and he's off okay
it's an Allred but he has a pen boom
I was I always I was one of sales gonna
go there truth is I didn't so who cares
okay no no no no close across close
across close to cross I had to add to go
for him I had to no great challenge
that's not a great header though but
okay was it was control alright now I
can say I've safely won this game okay
because you know like it's the 90th
minute and yeah that would have gone in
by the way came in but alright what
we're gonna do here dummy Oh
Remy Remy mmm
I'm alone okay go I'm sorry I had to do
it I just I want to score goal I need to
get back into the goal scoring routine
okay well I haven't going for defending
routine apparently okay um okay it's
called corner it's done how this game
hasn't ended yet but it's still it's
still going and then you're gonna turn
yep
oh okay all right wait wait how do you
doing this right let's just go there's
the game done so there it is we have two
games left in the division we need one
win if we get both wins then obviously
we get the title which I won but I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna be upset if we just
get promotion because I want to just
keep moving up winning a draw today not
too bad you guys need to let me know one
player to by the top come in after I say
2 days it's the one I'm gonna choose
because I need to do it so it doesn't
disappear so be sure to like each
other's comments late you're sorted and
see what's for gold this team's looking
pretty decent alright about it now isn't
it okay yeah yeah you got skills what
you got skills Rock what let's walk for
a little bit of trouble here little bit
of trouble
Neymar be golden yeah it always done
very very well there but he hasn't
scored oh my days what up oh what a
bauble where's the place where's the
place where's the power just I borrowed
you with some
