yo ghazals going on and I apologize for
not posting much recently but as you can
probably tell I'm a little bit I'm a lot
better now actually so I scratched that
scratch so I'm not I'll have my lucozade
I'm good now what we are doing today we
are playing with myself now no that's no
no every time I do it video I make it
really weird I am going to be playing
PES online but start with one controller
I'm gonna be playing with two so the way
this game mode works I have played it
before it's 3 V 3 online so I'm gonna be
controlling two of the players so
obviously between passes I'm gonna be
like bang bang bang bang black you know
like keep changing like that I will have
a third player or a computer I haven't
figured out yet
or for every goal I concede which could
potentially be a lot or maybe none I'm
gonna be giving away a copy of PES but
it's just gonna flash up on the screen
and then you guys are gonna have to
fight for it so it's gonna be a race of
a save to early get onto this video the
more likely you are to get the codes
they are PlayStation codes for PES so
make sure you like have your PlayStation
ready mother so if you're on your
Playstation right now and you're like
one of the first watching it then well
done you're probably gonna win anyways
let's go matchmaking those are me and
that deep two one one is this one also
apologies if I sniff in this as I said
yeah feels good to be back for some
reason we're both man City all right so
ready look so I'm gonna pass to that and
then it's me again oh no okay no this is
this is bad this is very very okay yeah
go on what
wei-yin what wait what let's go
boom some controller I thought you know
what bang it oh oh it's only two V two I
don't have a computer with me it's just
2 V 2 it takes too long
ah big tackle well ok I thought I was
losing already let's go go no I didn't
mean to do a manual pass why did it do a
manual what okay you know what go on
boom take as such that was hello ok ok
ok ok ok ok I'm winning now I'm winning
with controllers and no I'm not wearing
my freakin red shorts no no no no no put
it off great same wallplate
ok how am I gonna do this I have to just
spam clear on both controllers genuinely
how tiny this spam clear spam clear okay
but it's confusing me now it's really
confusing me boom I just hit the post I
didn't even know which controller was
mine good keep all please no coach oh oh
no no it didn't know what to do I was I
was just panicking and pressing every
single button I didn't know which
controller which at one point well you
know what that means
boom there's the first code all right
we've made it's halftime and you know
what I know I've lost the lead into a
stupid mistake but let's be honest I'm
not losing and I think that's pretty
impressive to play with two controllers
like this well it's clear to see that
one of them is like my attacking
controller and one of them is the
defending no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no okay pass up all right
didn't you know what run how was he
tackled me like that
guys that's bull honky that is Wow why I
am these passes going to my player I
actually need to just get the ball back
outside take touch and breath for now
ref for net worth yeah that's why I said
for near Earth come on
oh my god is there pen I've been in the
area oh okay let's play a - I think we
just aim there and do that over the wall
huh he's a sight then we give it run he
gave a bird what's a free-kick by the
way could be to take a minute to realize
how good that free-kick was I could have
scored I should have scored there I
might be miss anything you're AG where I
can do my can do better they should
definitely have some form of like
Championships for this
oh no Sonny Sonny don't do this Sonny no
wow
everyone does mr. bull yeah honestly oh
no no no no no no no no no no what a
clearance please no no no no no no keeps
if you're gonna get okay good good good
good oh yeah you know what that may be a
big shock the tingles good the tingle
spoon
we just freakin one we gave away one
code you know what let's try some more
let's play another game let's see if it
was luck or skill okay yeah they both
play better than me but it doesn't
matter does it it doesn't matter how
well they play look at the score 2-1
alright for some reason I'm Arsenal in
this game so okay now he wants to pause
it that's fantastic it's 2 V 2 again
we're gonna be a better team this time
we're gonna play actual nice football
the issue is I can't make runs you
forget how important that actually is
one oh why did that what was that who
was that luck is it like is that you're
ugly we're here you know what no no I
can't the thing is I can't cross oh dear
oh when he scored that's the app yeah
yeah the issue is it keeps changing to
the center back and then I'm one player
down boom there we go second code okay
this is the issue here yeah the FBI va
va va va nice nice all right we can just
dribble round him run run run what a
ball no why are you coming out why did
you have to come out ruin everyone's fun
no no no no no no no no no no that's not
what I did I did Oh check check
how's that going how's that going in now
I'm too new down
whoa there's another code three codes I
haven't got that many codes Almondine do
you think I have takeoff time if we if
we lose for Neil that's fine because I
have enough coat
yo player two is doing ah he's got
two comms that's why right second half
second half there he is there he is
please take touch and and what is that
what was that touch like I said get out
of England what no that's Loki you know
breaks it get ready to get rid I didn't
I didn't I didn't even press I didn't
even press it on my controller I focused
on the other controller I don't do this
don't get another goal yeah good okay
good go okay and he's got another no
check you actually want to save this one
that's nice of you thank you for that
both controllers spam clear no no no no
no no yeah I kind of wish that went in I
would have liked to seen that again
where you go and I see that run I see
that run as well big tackle sit down doc
yeah why do you why are you on the floor
let's see if I can do it again I almost
scored the last one that might be a bit
hard what was that win it with it oh oh
you know what I don't care anymore
I don't Hector you almost made up for
his haircut let's go let's go let's go
baby
no how is it oh no no what more no no I
don't deserve this that's it that's
gonna be the game in it
I've won 2-1 and lost to nil guys my
hands are starting to not work I'm gonna
have to end it there I mean I had more
possessions somehow I didn't have any
shots in sake the fact is I did alright
so you know what I'm gonna end it there
and because I lost you know what bowl no
way I already did on that side boom
there's one there as well okay that's
cool that was they were different codes
by the way so that's a total of five
codes I think anyway that's they oh
that's gonna be it for today hopefully
you guys have enjoyed it if you have
make sure you leave a like let me know
what challenge you want me to do next
I've done the shop one where I used this
thing against Maverick wolves I'm from
the two-player one now let me know what
else you want to see thank us watching
Ambu I mean crime I in no scene man on
my saw a cord that's my team if you wait
there more time you can off my
knock ever an x-man scream on the
through this think that I'm old and I
surpass hundred thousand soul told my
manager this job I might take my
chance on a roll minimum wage
