yo guys what's going on and welcome to
as you can tell by the title these
strongest team in the broth I have seen
this on josh's channel and the way this
work is we choose the strongest player
out of the five options build the team
no matter the chemistry and we have to
play until we lose I win you'll know by
the end of this video I'm putting all
the games into it so I could potentially
die on the first round who knows at the
same time I could win the entire thing
and you'll be here for a long time
I really hope as I said josh has done
this if you want to check him out in the
description below I will leave a link to
this channel but for now we go into the
draft let's go we are going for the
strongest formation now I know when
you're thinking or the fuck is the
strong formation the one that looks like
it's got a bit of bolt to it you know
what I mean like that one that's a solid
way to nab light is yeah it's got good
face I know I'm on about but we've
chosen the 4-2-3-1 and their captain
strong no physical physical physical
physical I know he's blue but he's the
worst water oh that was Marcelo strong
and I'm hot I'm happy with it but we get
Team of the Year Marcelo we could
activity a messy over an hour doornail
all right right left mid strongest this
physical okay come on there's a cool 61
74 74 74 we are getting Conor play on
key links CDM link in the to please
please be a strong player 83 85 I design
yes pal effect among dog this is in
Spanish league long as that will Lincoln
I just want some chemistry there was a
terrible terrible choice so I've ever
send a back come on give me those
muscles 87 boom perfect cards this is
actually going really really well I mean
if I can okay I don't really know what
to do with this lot I mean I guess I go
for the same one and just get him
they will shit anyway doesn't matter I
had a big man up top who we gonna get
please give me some more good what the
wall the wall I just lumen are below lol
abates a fossil
i it was going well now it's going
absolutely terrible and we have to use a
bit solo oh my god Danny Elvis Danny uh
no oh that's so similar years
you call the how ha we could have had
someone sick we're 82 80 that is strong
Pereira this team could have been so
good
83 okay at least we got a good defender
now we just need the goalie so we got do
the subs and get the goalie to fit in
that league quick-fire come on you need
a positioning where we said we go
positioning 90 you want am i wanted
Kamini probably well looks like my
goalie
is going to be terrible you ap three
this is a weak one the strongest is
better when better offers winner you
know it's the struggle saying that I
then get this bunch of weaklings when
I'm cooling your weakling as well you
know it's bad Marquis yo get in the team
it's not it's Sanchez I actually
wouldn't mind edema yawning I've had two
chances that name I haven't got in once
why didn't my seller have to be in that
starting one always I'm never calling
knows that another got oh oh I had a
chance to get another goalie early was
terrible a see we're getting Naismith
this team is making no sense whatsoever
we have to take it and I'm pretty sure
and Josh's rule is you have to stick
with the original 11 anyway regardless
I'm still doing this there's gotta be
one more good one
there's gonna be one sick one in a
second that is okay we get to use
Muslera
This Is It this is the one I am
guaranteeing a blue or purple card or
legend in this one bull okay all right
whoa froy's okay there's gotta be one
now there we get that nope no no that's
not
alright well we get a striker okay so I
have checked and I am allowed to change
players okay so he's not staying in
first of all eventually well that didn't
really change too much we get a manager
as well
and I assume I can just choose someone
and I don't really have a choice have a
go Martinez there's the team we have to
use I didn't really change anyone I just
changed Bennifer and frickin Negredo up
front but that's it we have to use this
to 989 chemistry 83 rating not too
shabby
I'm hoping I get at least win the first
game that's embarrassing if I don't I
say is the first game with the strongest
team and he has team of the year near
timony ever see and Hulett great and
that little bitch that kept evading me
hit awaits animal toy yeah
these days right let's do this strong
team come on all I'm saying is if he
outmuscles me once I'm quittin we doing
why you poison it what we did come on
cut up the anchor come on
God blaming come on give it back where
are you way who is this who is this
alright the Tolo the toto plays him in
what the there was a guy right there oh
great save hand danovich he can beat me
with the pace he can beat me with the
skill he's just pouring out of one and
I've forgotten what I was gonna say I
track him back I know it's messy I know
he's gonna turn in he's gonna yeah I
know everyone knows he's gonna turn in
and then I read that as well
good road great punch Peter oh there you
go gone but boys oh it's open
thank you thank you I thought he missed
the ball for a second first one nil see
that's all you need to pav what
who needs skill when you have power oh
no I need some skill I need some skill
okay yeah I need the skill did you know
what Simon I see power I see pride I see
a badass mother I notice wrong way
around by the way I'm just vibes in
triangles Tigers lads triangles
triangles and the term ed
relent what is it didn't feel like that
went in what's her go this team's
looking pretty decent all right about
now isn't it okay yeah yeah you got
skills what you got skills Rach what
that's Ross draw a little bit of trouble
here little bit of trouble
Neymar be golden yeah it always done
very very well there but he hasn't
scored oh my days what up oh what a bore
but where's the pace with the place with
the power just eyeballed you with some
honking gear always fucked up he's
fucked up the grater with the power into
the area edge of the area you know what
bang bang again back again back again
back again back again
someone please oh my knots gorgeous then
what what what what the fact that even
worked like at all the fat even got our
target right there is hard time may not
be deserved but a lot of these shots
have been from far out come on let's go
over toll oh come on where's your place
where's your pet okay he's just taking
it straight off your foot that's cool
it's cool man hi this is nice come on
where's your place
that is ridiculous you're so slow what
the hell how could you not play a game
you guys even play freaking 90 minutes
this your first game remember I don't
know where to go there's the past inside
what a touch Gaga Val I found just got
to him maybe we get a score his second
of the game there's the ball there's the
boy completely dazed not open he's got a
bullet on him that's even worse than
like ten people oh my god Ben Arfa
please finish the game there ya gone
three one twenty minutes left we're
going into the second round I think I
mean he's paused it there's there's hope
there's Varick david cowie
he's quit is better when he quits
there's a sense of satisfaction about
someone quit easy I mean he's probably a
little bit pissed off because I didn't
deserve it but there it is one win going
its second game and we have opponent
number two and his team isn't as good we
should we should probably be a bit more
worried I know bad teams been better
players of a sleep but normally if they
have a weird a team like this he's got
something up here hair hey he's got hair
up here I mean maybe he's bald what
about
dude this guy's see we're number his
body we're number one for him
he's a slow play the slow player playing
around a back that's how he if he wants
to do that and play slow okay
this is worrying this is very work don't
let pass it oh no water my team we
walked through my entire team oh my days
he literally just ran through my team is
going to be big and strong oh my days
his attack is yeah attack is something
else
attack is something freakin else get rid
of that I now we have a little chance
come on come on come on
boom boom rest safe alright we'll take
the goal with it he literally push me
off the ball I'm the strong team I seen
the far side seen the far side Vitolo
Vitolo Vitolo what a goal Oh sugar sugar
oh my god oh no no no no no no no no no
no no the FIFA gods are shining down on
me come on please please slamming go go
go
if I actually saw this what the fat Upen
is that's a fact that's a foul my guy
flew I've got superheroes on my team I
know they're strong but they can't fly
I've literally just wasted such a good
opportunity come on no come on Ben do
something for me oh my god Jamie Jamie
come on please Jamie that that made no
sense no Jamie Vardy
is having a fucking party shouldn't be
losing this guys should not be losing
this he's got a play on the line I'm
gonna have to try this tactic which
doesn't always work
alright John breath right you know what
he hasn't got a play on the line yet
boom there it is okay now yes good boom
just spin off oh no Gredos having a
party now who's having a block another
what what what what how is he just got a
little chance there how how how yes yes
yes no yo why can't I just do anything
against the Aryan and pop about I'm a
little Strang Oh what am i yeah I am
freaking certainly there we go there we
go
oh yeah this is way too thanks to all
half-time I need to defend that second
half for let's do this lads let's go
what the hell is that
what's up know what the actual hell what
the hell what the hell yeah bread that
okay we got a little problem here he's
gonna pass it in he hostage doesn't have
to yeah now he is now he has gotcha
bitch what what what what what what so
sorry what how did he get through there
right game on again I'm losing once more
this is not girl okay jump get rid get
Ricky Ricky um Marcelo may have just
saved me the game bring on Gareth Bale
for Doom beer as you want to you know
that's casual I love how I have those
kind of players to bring on
jump get rid get rid I just oh my god
well I mean I guess if you're gonna lose
you may as well lose with style I use my
best play you know that free consent
amid whose playing CDM is terrible
what's-his-name creer check this this
guy is terrible I know you're all gonna
say like no he's not for his alibi lost
this game especially Oliver lost Game
five to I mean I'm not saying I've lost
this game but I effectively have haven't
I realistically especially when I'm
doing the lies got Williams in defense
I want my frickin letting go lid Oh am I
not scoring more yeah there's the yeah
yeah yeah ba ba ba ba ba ba yeah I wanna
stop don't win boys one with hand out of
it why the whole six freaking - are you
you're actually having a mental
breakdown right now Simon this is my
last chance for a little redeeming Gold
going to come on Ben Arfa then offer
you're dribbling is normally amazing why
is it so bad oh it went do you quit
Sebring one outer one know what screw it
for this guy you're not screwing again
you're not screwing to get me I will end
your life I will end your life mate how
ha
how have I lost six - I don't know what
I put it down to firstly obviously my
place fell and my ability secondly I
really really I know you're gonna
obviously say something about this but I
really didn't like that sentence of it
and then we go back to my ability again
okay he deserves it you absolutely
deserve to beat me there it is we got
one win out of a possible fall all right
what do we get we get a premium is that
was that a premium Thanks right so the
three packs I got are a gold pack
Premium Gold pack silver player let's
just get a silver done right all right
we're not gonna get anything these packs
are always terrible see we get brands I
mean I'll keep him in case you guys say
he's worth a lot
all right hurry Kane never got a good
pack with you on the front so time to
change it please
and the final back premium gold players
pack seven and a half caper in we don't
even get a rare anyways that is the
strongest team failed and absolutely
terribly you want to try any other teams
let me know in the comments below I
could try like the fastest the youngest
short is the tallest Oh would it sound
like a rap anyway I can try those out if
you want me to let me know thanks
watching and see you
you
so yeah I guess it is that one you get a
C on a paper that you worked extra hard
on you much straight up to this one
again has no relevance whatsoever you
know what we're just going to march up
to the teacher your girl
