right
what video to do today oh yeah we're
doing a quince Valentine's Day those now
it's probably yet someone else
JJ JJ jazz are you here JJ you and that
Ethan Josh Josh dick dick it looks like
I'm doing this quiz alone then so
Valentine's Day trivia quiz who was
Saint Valentine a member of the room
wait wait
what is love strip behind okay now this
is the wrong quiz nevermind wait what's
up guys and welcome to a Valentine's Day
special we're doing the what your
Valentine's Day personality quiz I'm as
lost as you are anyways everyone else is
out so it looks like I'm doing this on
mouth right let's take the quiz six
questions you're at a party and you see
a hot guy well I'm on the run quiz okay
I'm just gonna replace guy with golf all
of these you're in a party and you see a
hot girl who's just your type across the
room what do you do so would you keep
talking to your friends if you notices
you it's meant to be would you just walk
right on over and start up a
conversation would you make eye contact
and smile then wait for him to come to
you hard to come to you fuck me
personally I'm not a confident person so
I wouldn't actually go over to anyone I
think I've ever approached anyone so
it's probably between the top and the
bottom whether I make eye contact or
whether I just keep talking to my
friends I think I'll probably make eye
contact I don't know what it work
all right so make eye contact do what
they came over to me your history
teacher asked the class a question that
you're pretty sure you know you
immediately Rick this has nothing to do
with anything you pianned up and answer
it keeps saying quietly don't to get it
wrong or prom is just around the corner
and the guy you like hasn't asked you
yet I think the last answer is the next
question if I knew the question I put my
hand up prom is just around the corner
and the guy you really like hasn't asked
you yet girl I really like hasn't asked
me yet would I be a bit like ninja like
strategic and be up like some proms
coming up I mean have you you've got
anyone you haven't got anyone to go with
either and neither of I've and they're
just saying you know like if it's up for
two people to go alone you know yeah
word Darryl yeah I got a prom yeah sure
okay cool see I've actually done that
one before where you just make hints and
yeah never goes well because if the hint
isn't seen you you just look like more
of a mug would I lie in bed and do some
serious wishing things art now go her to
ask me no that's no no I would never do
that give yourself a little pep talk
wait until you tour alone and just ask
her maybe that one all right find that
one it's Friday night and you have no
plans okay but you really feel like
doing something fun you stay home and
watch TV everyone probably already made
plans well that seems a bit too familiar
well send a mass text to see what
everyone you know is up to I I do that
one a lot I'm a very I guess the worst
needy person like I want to know what
everyone's doing so that I'm not missing
out on anything I have FOMO fear of
missing out on my Friday's normally look
like this
you
so yeah I guess it is that one you get a
C on a paper that you worked extra hard
on you much straight up to this one
again has no relevance whatsoever you
know what we're just going to march up
to the teacher your girl hasn't called
in a few days and you're really annoyed
you call him you don't like to call her
you know let's play game send her a text
just to see what she is up to or wait
until she calls she should always make
the first move why I do like to play
games not necessarily in this situation
but I you know I play FIFA and GTA send
her a text to see what she's up to maybe
that one but to be honest that probably
just where I play it cool and wait she's
gonna cook no I'll cook no I can't just
gonna cook 2000 years later come on
please no I'm gonna call
hello you're lonely so anyway the result
is you're missing his hands why am i
missing his hands where have they gone
but obviously this doesn't make much
sense but anyway you are traditional boy
and expect nothing less than chocolates
flowers and the works Valentine's Day
having so but not all girls are mind
reader's ya hear that the videos who you
think you are my reading girls then
what's wrong with you why'd you think
you could read minds but some had to be
surprised - it's ok to take some
initiative upon yourself if you are
single don't sit around and mope I mean
I guess I'm not moping at least plan a
guys night out
remember it's cool to be an independent
man well I think all we've discovered
right now is that I have no friends and
I'm very lonely so I'm gonna just say
enjoy your Valentine's Day if you did
like this kind of video let me know with
a thumbs up so yeah thank you guys for
watching have a good day and sweet no
stop
pass it there you go all right let's go
counter counter gun giving it a cop a
little warmer I had four trunks oh my
god this guy's the biggest do if you're
watching this you're a freakin douche we
still need two points to get safety so
if I can win this game we're safe four
games left basically we still need 2
wins 2 draws or 3 wins going into Game
two please don't have a good team I'm
done with it oh he's gorgeous
