yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to the very best top comments a day get
around because your defense is rubbish
pretty certain that's not to do the
players but okay there he is they these
what he's bought now we also sold like a
set for almost what we paid for him 100
off I was thinking about something okay
this is probably the worst thing I've
ever seen
roses are red violets are blue Premium
Gold players packs a 25% off through the
weekend what the hell is that whatever
we are in Division three we have two
games today if I win one we are safe in
the division if I win - we are one win
away from promotion with four games left
Amy need to win another game I could
draw three so what we're gonna do with
this team okay you didn't really say who
you wanted to get rid of so I'm thinking
that we are gonna take crush Ione we're
gonna put him back into the BPL team and
get rid of Zuma now I'm sorry I'm sorry
okay I know I know you guys might like
Zuma if you do like him more than
Gabriel you can let me know in the
comments
but Pharrell is now the French team
we're going into a game let's go what we
go where you got for me bro you got a GU
Oh different a lot playing different
teams you know cuz it's a different type
of team to destroy uh what what what
what the hell just happened how did this
pass work and then how did he finish
that like that this guy's got sliders on
go on turnout turnout lay off boom how
is it sir oh boy how does he get away
with that going win that please that's
not really a win no tap dragon seen him
in alright one more one more one more
right so though it was boom there you go
God stop Remy I told you I got this what
what what the hell what the hell what
the bow when is Cavani been able to do
anything in this game as I said guys or
what I wasn't really sure it was the
players that were bad I think it might
just be my defending this guy doesn't
Mark the wings very well but I mean
I'm not sure that means much good well
that's a Ben Bowlby
please give that key double key double
puff in pass it one more got no really
oh wait
George come on I need a goal what what
what did you see that he just passed
nothing yeah I honestly forgot that this
team had Griezmann this game he's gonna
win that just frickin gave to me if he
doesn't I don't know what he's doing
come on balls to the cross that's a
posture the goalie man given a different
kid for a reason there's halftime
it's so like bad I don't know what the
technical term is but I'm pretty certain
that is it Blair I need a goal so that
he can't just defend because at the
moment that's all he's doing is he's
just passing around the back and
defending like a little bitch I know I
know you're going there how do I stop
this come on Griezmann come on grizzly
yes he's read that wrong he's reading on
that bus singular gone boom no look at
him look Weez doing horrible stop this
please I beg you stop this actually
disgusting guys I'm sorry for the lack
of highlights right now but he's not
really letting me do much oh my god
please please was your piece was your
place what is going on how is he good
you know what shade alone just won gold
but then he can't be a little bitch come
on please you know what you know what
damn it okay smile in again smile in
again chillin just gonna lip yours
ah that wench nidal in my puns are on
point today you know can I get the win
now is the question can I get the win
can I get the win oh my the Reaver was
that a work don't tell me I aspire ok
pie is amazing whether I'm talking to
Ethan about him obviously
Ethan sucks them off but he is actually
sick in this game Oh stubborn no great
safe oh my god there's a tiny little bit
of lag that was really scare
oh my god I knew I only have a minute
left I named a minute left and I'm
winning I know he's done just on the
tactic he's done it he's done it and it
worked oh my god oh my god that was it
as I had my chance for safety in the
division no more no no stop
pass it there you go all right let's go
counter counter gun giving it a cop
believer corner I heard patrones oh my
god this guy's the biggest doot if
you're watching this you're a freakin
douche we still need two points to get
safety so if I can win this game with
safe four games left basically we still
need two wins 2 draws or three wins
we're going into Game two please don't
have a good team I'm done with it oh
he's gorgeous
this ppl Dame let's just see what we can
do with this well that's a fantastic
stars in it don't be that guy don't be
that guy who's amazing at free kicks
please I know I'm gonna frickin regret
this decision
please go on he's past it there we go
we've done it we've nailed it now go go
1v1 me bro what do you want me what oh
grandma analyzable red over here what
the hell why is it oh no this is never
gonna be a goal is it
oh no Frick sake oh excuse me excuse me
excuse me
oh no no got rid of what I dunno why you
kicked it that way but I'll take it it's
official I am being shat on right now
how they catching doom beer how are you
cut yeah you can't catch doom beer you
can't catch what door just yes yo
Kamini oh yeah famiy neo warmer no why
didn't I just shoot um that's a girl
that's better that's it
that should have been a goal he where is
my defense er oh okay we have a chance
that's a foul that's the Scott that's a
foul like I passed it and then he found
me and then that happens
I know gay doom be a car now please
anyone for some reason and then he's got
someone here who's that house okay Theo
Walcott is allowed to outpace people
that's all he can do
Oh No Oh No gone go out okay
keeper wasn't even worried about it
apparently keeper wasn't even worried
but neither am i I'm not worried - no
you can tell by my voice my voice is so
soothing I we need to actually use one
of these chances now we are not passing
it about well enough
that's a dust disgusting that's a red
George best with a free-kick
absolutely blazes that over what am I
doing with my life halftime
Neal Neal I just I can't do anything
against this guy he should have probably
scored a couple yeah he definitely
should have scored a couple wide that I
thought deserve anything cuz I mean I'm
not gonna get it though come on
what was so slow I you know what not to
touch and finesse oh no we did I the boy
almost scored a great goal stop this
stop stop him stop him stop him that it
that doesn't make sense
out of all the shots he scores the
school they always school ones that
don't make sense that's the thing I hate
about this game he's literally hit the
post twice late you should have scored
some charts earlier that one I actually
go in front of him and here's the second
goal yep what the fuck put the kid holy
cow check come on let's go when yelled
and run run run run run run run run okay
yeah exactly you didn't know where's
good rhodium bomb so hard grid broken
side netting again great oh no no no
that's fine
stop fires okay if I get at least get a
draw at this game I'll be pretty happy
don't really know what to do with this
free-kick what we're gonna try that's
too low what am i doing or is it that
was amazing composite let's go guys that
I'll take you I do not feel bad because
his goal was just those shut all right
well cinnamon seen him go Ericsson
excellent Nick Oh spike okay that one's
probably fair and there's a goal because
my player just swaps that is a fantastic
in the nineteen second minute or
somthing retarded like that just stop
his corner please I beg I beg we stop
this corner don't name go near don't
name go close no yes no no how does
forgot that house it's a good house used
to look how this google book house he
still got the ball go run there you go
no I'll take a dry said I'd take a draw
I'm happy with it I mean I bought it
back I was getting destroyed in the
first part so one draw two wins out four
games that is tough but I should at
least get a draw so I definitely
shouldn't get really good that is all
for today let me know who you want me to
buy because the storm the coins left
over from selling like is there now you
guys watching and see you but that's
what I say when I dropped you ok well
that's because we didn't lie to you
anyway so alright so honey a week are we
done with the sandwich peanut butter
depends as we should grab the bread and
finish or should we go for the Marmite
