what's up guys and welcome to the not my
arms challenge today josh is gonna be my
arms so I'll explain in a second
I don't know how's it gonna work the way
I'm supposed to well on to your arms hey
this is a he's been actualized fully oh
don't touch me that I was rude but okay
this isn't yeah there's more ah we ah
okay you're through
you look cool yeah sure so one of these
challenges is Josh is controlling my
arms and I have to try and make a
sandwich by using his his hands too
I don't know I don't know what I'm
saying well anyway we're gonna make a
sandwich and josh is controlling the
arms ah so first up with a sandwich you
want to obviously have bread which is on
my left so that is that that's the
breakfast spread here it's very nice
when I'll just open it already
oh my god yeah no you just need to be
ruthless with it yeah shake it out
ah sometimes you need to build up
yourself right now okay
don't like that piece hi so these are
the two pieces of bread that we're going
to be using for a sandwich I'm gonna cut
them together now all right so I need to
put them on the plate that's directly in
front one is one okay I starting putting
on the flame
go and also move the pipe out of the way
okay so what we want to do is you want
to spread some butter on the bread which
is on my left so ever hitting us up but
you need to be very careful with the
knife very this is it be very careful
what makes a good work oh there we go
okay you know in a talk that is a lot of
butter but I love butter but I don't
like you love much I bother that so now
I just spread the butter okay we got
more butter
we got my loads of butter because I love
but um especially when it's on the plane
Oh bread all right let's put the butter
down not me okay so as you can see
behind the cheese over I'm a violent
person apparently this is a key part
sandwich so we need to do is take the
lid off and then ah then you dip the
knife in I um take out a lot of peanut
butter that's that's enough for now
and then you the game will get more
we're doubling over more that's
definitely enough this is what's next
spread onto the bread that of the mother
all right so this you just you just
whack on it doesn't matter how doesn't
matter how you do this you just slide it
on now spread spread like this spread
like me this is this is how I spread all
right
so you know if you want to smell it us
so you did you just go just take a
little smell yeah it smells good
what do you want to go for next the
Marmite all the cheese with my what they
say my Michael they're going up the
cheese I use wax and cheese on that
Watson oh that's what I say when I
dropped you but I get well that's
because we didn't like cheese anyway
okay
alright so I think a week are we done
with the sandwich peanut dependence is
we should grab the bread and finish or
should we go to the Marmite come on fuck
you that way
lids arms began for the Marmite okay so
this is yep there we go and you just
squeeze that stay there there there we
go there yes that's enough Marmite all
right put the two pins of the bread
together okay and what we eat the
sandwich we obviously need a nice
beverage to wash this down so we take it
step over here and we grab the juice
this is the juice that was the cup okay
we'll go over the cup and this is
obviously it's quite strong juice so you
don't need much of it so the cup is that
there we go there's the cup right make
sure you get there you go we got it we
got it
in my case I like getting a little taste
of my finger as well okay so nuts that
is quite strong I like my drink strong
so you put this down okay you know we're
aggressive with our drink now we add
water and you over Oh
sometimes you know sometimes it stick
ah so now pour the water into the little
drink to finish it and that that it that
is close enough so there we go that's
enough alright so what we want to do
here is put the drink down
and now we have all salvaged in our
drink yeah
what do we do now have thanks hands well
we're drinking oh okay wait wait let me
let me just go carefully
oh really
that we love them so good definitely
didn't get the side that barn would we
go for now but we'll get watch it down
okay Titans spent out okay now we want
to desert we're going to it we can put
game gamble diesels yeah that's what I
thought
okay let's train okay we have without
many of these but you just you know you
two but ha think of that well a lot
better than expected but throwing my
word they landing behind my but not
missed again
okay last one no it's no no more no more
so now oh you're like there's a branch
we should never yep there we go what we
doing with the fruits you know obviously
good be careful with these you could be
very careful Josh I mean arms okay oh
yeah
I think you're done Judith oh I wouldn't
look to that any cooler day so that was
the not my arms challenge John try it
take a bite out of corner yeah that's
that's how well he did if you want us to
try this the other way around on josh's
channel and art video arms let us know
you want us to make in the comments also
check out Joshua be sure to subscribe
more over there
hey guys watching thanks Josh but for
that yeah he's due up throat but thank
you guys watching
thank you arms for being here and uh
yeah see ya
swag shoes money looking like a clown
Oh Andy what are those
take nothing you pull them off there be
shops see let sewing match look red
black and then black like a net tiny
always like this
