yo guys what's up and welcome back you
really know what this is that's right we
are back with the very best the top
commented a cell like a zit and by
Griezmann because it was cheaper red
only fits my style of play more and you
better not argue but that was okay
because I checked so we're gonna put
lacquer set up we're gonna go by
Griezmann now as well he goes into the
French team we won one lost one last
time go for two wins today as normal why
wouldn't I so we go to the first game
we're using a French team and they stay
in here because now we have Griezmann we
have no excuses
apart from that because it's a very very
pace Ori team all right let's go Greece
when with his first touch what are paths
you see that I was going top corner got
an early chance George best of the
free-kick come on come on George go that
was shocking but we got corner which is
what we won there's the ball in keep us
gonna say oh my god oh my god that's his
fault don't call me a cheat that's his
fault look at this one idiot let he
actually like waited until I go up well
I'll take it oh no oh no no no no no no
stop tackle nice get rid what not there
Ike no big tackle big hug we'll go go
why am i passing so badly claiming nice
Griezmann Griezmann I'll look at this
look at this all the ball from Greece
one pen pen pen I let's actually get
some movement where we get where's the
pot was where is the movement what the
hell I'm I'm going to get all that
Michael in tackling quick tackling quick
get the ball now no no no no no where's
the paint I didn't want to reach for
that why would I reach for that bat
posters go by bus should have gone back
post Oh No
Oh does it go boom oh my god he should
have scored he should have scored good I
feel bad for this guy at the same time
can tell us tackle em give me the ball
give me the Oh
oh no cakes please thank you this game
has been so uneventful it's actually
ridiculous
like he keeps getting like to this
position and then nothing comes about
because I'm so sick today
look at this look at this plate there
you go look at that look okay come on
George last chance you know what we've
seen him of his line okay you know what
that that could have worked that
actually could have gone in it didn't
but it could have and there's halftime 1
nil up it may have been a scrappy goal
but who cares because I definitely may
deserve it sometimes the French team are
proving themselves this time why is he
coming out there look ok George best
you've got an open goal that was an open
goal please be on bleacher keys on side
he's on side right you know what we're
going to just go a rough past plus it
right George bus left that's a plane
how would it he'll add flour his face
and that start pen you know what this
actually this game is way too close I
don't like it
wow that's that's amazing nothing
whoa Nasri almost whatever admittedly I
shouldn't have scored a good goal yet
but I should at least scored like 2 or 3
ie has it come this time he doesn't come
right to us best there you go mate there
you go that touch the Diwali boom ha ha
ha he hasn't marked at this time Nasri
Nasri pen free-kick something that's a
foul that's a foul for him yeah I just
picked through the chest all right come
on Griezmann Griezmann prove me wrong
prove me wrong gone that's a nice pass
that's a nut Oh ref ref come on right go
go pass it across one reason please
Grizzard Yas debut boy has scored he's
already doing better than luck is that
all right I don't know if that baby
stopped playing or not
but you know what we go for it we go
watch our finish I'll take him and I
think I'm pretty sandy stop pulling /
I'm gonna take the coins there it is
guys we've won it that is Reno in the
first game I said I'm going to wins
maybe it's not the team maybe it's just
me in the first game is better than me
in the second game I guess we'll find
out two more wins and we are safe in the
division okay so if I win this game now
we only need one win out of six games to
stay safe I know we want promotion but
safety is the key part but we are gonna
have to use the BPL team now because the
French team are tired
last time they play better so I mean
based on that logic wherever it all
depends of the opponent yeah he has a
good team let's keep the winning and
mentality from the last game even if you
are a different team come on come on
come on
far side let's run there it is there's
the run right let me turn in all right
you read that but you can stop it and
stop that though right yeah he's coming
short that's what I wanted that's what I
wanted wait lay off no not fair you
spangled tiger make a tackle make make a
taco come on where's the tacos that
where are the tacos come on oh yeah
there's a he's given a pen he's given a
 pen how am I gonna concede in 16
minutes to a penalty is welcome normal
are Mulla Mulla Mulla please mellow top
corner yes good header this is so
beautiful this is so beautiful breath
how does that not foul on my god touch
and phi1 oh what the buzz oh there it is
one nail art against this guy I don't
know how guys I don't know I've saved up
anyway I've done everything I can
hahaha don't be with the place dummy
with the base and but can he finish can
he finish she's taken too long that's a
pen yes that's afraid that's a red Ref
come on that's a last man that is a red
it's a red glorious days but where do I
go now I go by corner oh he saved it
what a brick who saves pedals these days
oh my god
he's going pass it in one more one more
though no George that's not the person I
said deposit to but it will Morgan all
right please place just two nil at half
time and he had ten men surely I can't
please I cut myself there's a nice goal
as well you know that was nice play I'm
enjoying this team and the French team
right now don't know what's changed must
be me halftime it is though and we
deserve to be winning his one shot was
apparently remember and I thought a
penalty I miss you've got any news
against me okay he's got chance here
come on no we all know where's sugar Oh
sugar Oh pleasure is building a go great
shot but it's a good safe oh no okay we
know you oh my god he's in turn in you
should have turned him that's that's
what any sane person would do
immediately it wouldn't have worked but
you should have done it still come on oh
great punch solid punch Cuomo's the run
where's the run let's go we got to be
one go George where's the runs will it
runs oh no alright just keep going just
just keep just keep going swimming far
post boom go what up or water header
what a goal it's just days where I can
score and days when I can't I don't know
what it is like right now today is one
of those days although saying that just
miss George best flags one you went the
right way and you put his defender on
the right side
alright gone George best that's not
George best for defender that's a great
ball good at a good effort good effort
game done another win and another three
nil and that is three wins out of the
necessary six wins but hopefully
lacquers that will sell which means we
have roughly like 4,000 coins you guys
need to let me know keep like at each
other's comments and make sure it's only
one pair so much cheese otherwise thank
you guys for watching is a good episode
today and soup okay I've drawn a
triangle I was pretty good at school I
forgot I'm shapes triangles apparently
have you seen this okay so round one
that's done we have the illuminate
pancake which is smoking Josh oh your
baby
yeah his fire is suddenly it's smoking
thank you actually sorry okay
a loon a pancake mixes lumenick syllabi
MSA or the Danny pink technique
