young girls was going on and welcome to
another video in the kitchen with Josh
why people take the L again today it's
Pancake Day so Mary Pancake Day Mary
hello if you spend on happy pancake day
today we have some pancake inspired
challenges we've got three rounds of it
so we're going head-to-head you're going
to decide who wins so you ain't gonna
pass around yeah follow me I'm gonna
tell you in a second are you ready okay
all right okay let's go
all right surround one is the creativity
round this is where we have to create a
pancake that isn't just a normal
circular pancake this has to be
something else then you've got to give
it a name solution start the pancakes
but no we go we go straight in the deep
end okay okay I'll go first
I so here we go I'm not going to tell
you what this pancake is okay this could
go wrong I don't good at this interested
for Intel there's only starting from
where you govern do you pour in center
right you do for a normal okay you're
trying to be less ik if you draw a
circle you gonna point out pancake this
is this is already gone horribly wrong
you make it a doughnut banking clean
this has got horribly wrong
now what's gone is it's uneven
you can't ease it on Josh Josh stop
mocking me you'll see soon enough Josh
guys this is definitely good - me what
were you doing Josh I don't I honestly I
have an idea so when we get to like
flipping and turning over what you gonna
do about those little - Jimmy I said no
you would give it a second breath real
art takes time
okay now we fill it in and then those
will be darkened the rest are you
drawing something isn't right
tactical about it I hope this is well
now we put it in now we fill this in
this is going to be the best pancakes
you've ever seen well I'm not sure it is
because all that I don't bits like am I
gonna cook yeah man
you just give it time now a few
his label time has passed now it's time
this is the moment of truth go around
the edges time use how you can peg it to
Nick go on that's working there's going
to be a nonstick pan judge it is not
mentally isn't under guard the house
stick I'll oh we don't go in the kitchen
a lot guys dip it I can't get this side
just rip it hmm now what we've gone for
it Josh this hasn't worked
wait I saved it well as of one was good
whiz it scrambled egg
that's it kalila scrambled egg i-i'll
let me know was actually going for right
Jo with it as men Aviv I know that's why
I'm finished I need a knife so what this
is this is the Daddy pancake as you can
see here but the dark is shaped he has a
big and you know who else has a beard
Santa turn the camera around Josh me
yeah and you also have a mouth wow I'm
on to our nose too don't tell me but
those they're not identical look at the
fear look it's even got like the texture
you already have a patch there that
turns they said where's your such
patches where don't tell me this
I just nice scene where you got a beat
and you can have a pretty big challenge
to be that way well it was quite
creative it look like your turn right so
I think yourself in about okay it's
gonna be pretty good Josh a right what's
he gonna do what's he gonna do
it's just a little s young man I'm
packing so like it
let me guess an invisible paper nice
illuminate this we've got illuminate
them
see this this is oh I'm gonna hand over
the radiography it's pouring technique
slowly but surely oh god oh god oh no
give it up guys it's okay
so when you rocked bin looks kinda like
the face I drew is Ray which angle of
moment to look at this wrong one
eternity later like I can smell some
burning because I borrow my it's part of
my plan don't worry so what how that
father family is right okay I've got a
TV details
I think about that you read about it
I'll come over then
oh what's happening he's a lot of
mix I would die but this doesn't make a
thin pancake Finn nah that was all right
so now we go away provide exactly what
son you'll see I've actually created son
I've drawn you yeah got gross Don is
that Schumer's it up I can see them Josh
what you've created here is a close
representation of Mars it just doesn't
look like it's trying to help me out of
it you're trying to give me something I
can describe how to pancakes
I'll call you can describe this
yeah my charity work for the year Josh
oh okay oh right is the moment of truth
okay moment of truth I'm just good oh I
see you got what I was trying to do with
the bun color okay so I'm going to
describe what this actually is for you
okay give it a name so this is the
illuminating pancake still okay I've
drawn a triangle I was pretty good at
school I've forgotten shake strangles
apparently have you seen this okay so
round one that's done we have the
illuminate pancake which is smoking Josh
oh yeah baby
yeah his fire is suddenly is smoking
thank you actually sorry okay so we have
a luminary
cake mixes you anything by a mistake or
the Danny pink cake it's under you who
wins round one so let us know in the
comments but we're going on to round two
I surround two is the flipping round
we're going to get three attempts of
this each there's no rules it's just who
you think is the best so a slipper it's
the best flip on so obviously you flip
it once and then I do it once
reven just like escape in pound cake
pretty much okay and Josh you go first
okay Josh we're ready
I don't how good you are such a soft
easy I start off easy once you start
easing hey I got a guaranteed start
hopefully have a flip it good okay so I
get rid of the double spins oh that was
Ben so that I said that was Ben Oh Danny
Danny was like I said okay yourself all
right obviously Josh has just got one
flip there it was like it was like a
people that leg but it was the full full
rotation and then it caught on the side
I kept it back so I gotta feed that so
there's no point going small go hard or
go home
now that a sec oh there we go
oh please
King a little weight bed beside you did
that ASA venom cinnamon ground - Josh
you got that ones of these a try st.
different okay we try to hit the ceiling
maybe and still catch that is dusted
we're going for height here we are
behind all right I need a seated buckle
cool in nicely
massive all right what I feel like we're
kind of even though now that foods like
that split on my flip I don't know maybe
they see it differently go bigger
starting lower that's how you know we're
going on good underneath that's how you
get your ladies always oh geez
we're just becoming friends all right
let me get a little isn't the Olympics
knowledge it I can add anything after
that didn't go very high there's clean
is very cool I could have just stood up
idea we have all around Josh Josh this
is the final round
you have to impress everyone with your
final Flynn this isn't gonna work
time to go out full out full out I'm
basically gonna be the Ronaldinho the
Neymar or the pancake world right now
can we decide this doubt if you're gonna
try and stand the levels of you know I'm
going to go for the old Ronaldo style
shirt
we are going to try one go you oh you
try my tactic again oh gosh I'm
peanut-free name is Baxter so I'm here
the 360s luminate I need to get a 360
right well Bruce is ready let's go
that's an - over guys who are narrow
it's time for the final round
alright so the third round we've got our
pancakes here that the Daddy pancake in
the illuminate mixtape I might burn
pancakes so this round is all about who
can make the best pancake to eat which
is going to be decided by you as well we
each get three ingredients to put on our
pancake to make it as nice as possible
I don't know if yours can be saved yeah
ma cherie okay so do you want to go
first or should I you can do okay I'll
go first so my pancake well firstly
everyone has this go is up okay
this isn't sure this is it
I start again my first ingredient is you
know I want mine to be healthy so
healthy client yes I'm going with you
exactly so you don't want you know you
don't want to chocolate on it you want
an apple so what you want yeah boom
ingredient - why see I was on the health
grind and this is protein chip so you
know you ain't a chocolate goodness but
you didn't water it still tastes like
shot unhealthy part exactly how do you
eat wrap it around it be like a dumpling
third ingredient everyone knows that
half the taste isn't the Smurfs however
as a fact Josh scientists proved it is
in Star Wars
so obviously you need it to smell nice
right now it's smelling quite nice man
you know you get the chocolate yeah the
Apple we get pancake but else smells
good so look it's liquidy as well that's
even better
you found my phone it smells fantastic
doesn't it now yeah
that's not hard Lister
do you know anything you can eat it I
want any pancakes
do you know so there's my pancake done
the daddy pancake is finished so I ever
knew what you guys are supposed to last
time that's where it was in green
everyone uses okay I'll be back be sure
they see all right so I actually like
using quite a bit sugar when I like a
teaspoons no I quite a few teaching club
whoever got a teaspoon around so I'm
gonna all right there we go
that how are you gonna eat that I'm
trying to go to the burns if I'm trying
to it okay yeah I put some white in
there to the brown for the health plan
you're going on for the opposite right
now yeah for the sweet tooth out there
okay and obviously I just get my
favorite in there yummy that I swear
that's like I swear you learn about this
in chemistry or something I said
anything about one more ingredient
okay you just cutting green it's got
moldy spinning so it was good to meet
you I see so it's like set talk about
you or there looks like sex all right
not that the actual physical thing
upsets you out of it I don't like
fighting really has to be like after set
tissues and you're like you're stuck on
a liquid as well because a bit too much
liquid their belief is you have a
special neck the lightest that's soaking
us certain subgroups
let's stick their sex issues' they stop
so many kids from like you know spread
in and it's sort of small up nicely so
you don't get it so going to my to tell
balance also there is in after sex
tissues and tissue yours I didn't buy
them well even bought them for you like
a year ago
it'll use the one so don't have any good
year for you so to you guys right now
you can either have an ask Apple protein
shake covered pancakes that's known as
the daddy pancake or a sugary liquid eat
tissue injury aluminate pancake okay so
how do you guys which one you prefer
also the first two rounds who made the
best pancake and
best for flipping visited video on
josh's channel which we tried breaking
World Records yeah we tried making some
more records which you can check out in
the description or in his channel thank
you guys watching and see you let's do
this guys come on we're going oh I
couldn't see that the thing was in the
way alright let's got what oh all right
boom puss George come on man I 2-minute
city's got a corner keeps has got out oh
God keeps nice warm ice runs there you
go there you go we're still going back
post see them in there and then Bob how
how how have I not scored go Gradle come
on the pace the pace of Gradle
