yeah what's going on guys and welcome
back to the very best with a George best
I asked you to buy one player you named
one player although you did name like
six stats you said Nasri and as you can
see the stats as well obviously people
liked anyway so I'm gonna buy it
so there he is done last time we managed
to secure our position in Division three
so we are starting again we are starting
fresh in the division unfortunately the
French team is tired so we're using a BB
L team again Nasri has taken his place
on the bench he will be in the French
team I know he's BPL but I want to use
him in the formation Lincoln so let's do
the first game ah oh oh that's a
different strike force than normal no on
defense
I respect him I respect the hell out of
this guy let's do this guys come on we
go oh I couldn't see that the thing was
in the way alright let's go what I pump
us George come on man I 2 minutes in
he's got a corner keeps has got that
I've got keeps nice go on with the runs
there you go there you go we're still
going back post see them in there and
then Bob how how how have I not scored
go Gradle come on the pace the pace of
Gradle the place you know what what's
gonna say just playing it near post
anyway what the hell is that that's the
goal yep brilliant brilliant header wow
this has gone badly the BPL has really
lived up to its name
yeah I've really really need to win a
game with this team come on go George
you're in you're in but what I read that
I was too obvious should just carried on
down the line like normal are gone you
seen that you see that gone bad touch
bang how their post Simon mark that was
exactly what I wanted
gone mock mock Ericsson what the hell
what he just he just jumps in you gently
jump me gone stay back stay back go now
go now Kate
how the hell just all stored go on play
on play on come on cradle cradle cradle
cradle cradle cradle the pole into the
deck gasps all right the BPL theme is
really like it's showing me that it
should be used
oh my god that was that was terrible
thing that is so bad that if light you
see the defender just leave his man well
looks like the BP tablet in I can but
yeah you get the idea the BPL team
doesn't win games for me I'll pass it up
positive oh good good there buzz oh
that's a foul give me something
oh my day services am Rabat am Rabat is
a little rat okay corn this is our last
attack last attack going that that's it
that's on hast attack going actually one
more that's our last attack gone nope
that's our last go one more one more
puff in what's a soup he keeps getting
blocked he keeps getting freakin hold
off he's a little boy there is half time
I'm not saying anything but I don't
think I really deserves we lose it even
I guess that is saying something
I can't be losing to Tesco's sitting
this is at least Tesco Value City right
come on
what go on go on go on Oh gold cradle so
she's a little boy but he's got a man's
brain
I guess the goofy old teen Run Derby are
all you're good for his pace if you're
if you're getting caught there you're
actually getting caught no turn back
what that's all you're good for in you
can't even do it come on jump yeah come
on
I give a cook he's only good at pace
that's it where you going bro oh my god
oh no no no go to him
where you coming he's going for a pen
he's going for a pen he's going for a
pen I tell you that what tackle there
you go
finally get the ball go toss it come on
come on come on come on pass it down all
right damn it
wised army in there double double - be
wise there but who cares go where's the
pace where's the pit there's a gate you
don't need pace
you don't need pace bullshit I meant to
pass that to George but it was it was a
very good ball anyway what a ball that
made no sense that literally made no
sense level
come on Romania Romania George when Zach
oh my god water Finch what a game for
three go George go go go go go go right
I knew that
I see you that pick touch shopping touch
my side far sighs there you go that's a
that's a great ball that ball was you
get that bat Erikson game done five
three done you know what we won the game
why not George why not that's why not
right that's game done and we deserve it
as well the stats showing first three
points the division three to these three
three points eliminate confirmed all
that jazz Game two and it worked better
if it was Game three I'm sorry Marcial
but you're gonna be starting on the
bench today we got the new boy lockers
there and the new boy now sorry see what
we're up against hey it's alright it's
kind of different like the last guys if
we can make this to win that - let's do
this one go ahead gon play across like
Ross does that was a shot what what what
what what what just happened I'm still
confused but I'm over and by over it I
mean I've got a little attack on and
he's completely free it just ran into it
he literally just faced it he's off he's
off he's off he's off please be off
please be off please be off please
please great Saints the one thing I
really really struggle with is defense I
mean I like my attack is all right my
defense is I like assets in like is that
like it turn back all right that is not
oh it's amazing
that's what what okay little bit of a
problem here little bit of a book that's
a great book bus passing that's a great
ball man go give it soon when they
deserve it oh he's fine to actually like
get some play
no no tackle him tackle it tackle it
what Louisa's broke again tackling no
he's passing it he's butch logan dole
who saw every pass happen about three
seconds ah
to Neal with the French stick this is
the exact opposite of what's meant a but
I'm going to shatter with the French
team alright I don't know what to do
here I'm not enjoying like as that style
of play as much as marshy out to be
honest run them off and very first time
how are you missing that
semarchy Alberta scored that okay this
is worrying this is worrying this is
very worrying ethical oh my god spike on
our defense I don't really know why I'm
playing for right now
I guess pride if I have any left
oh I didn't throw that there now did I a
threw it about ten minutes ago when you
were getting fouled
what well it looks like I'm now a favor
of the BPL team how is the outpace with
me that how's the upper it's just up it
Laurice is broken just the wrong way by
video yeah I know you're probably having
a go at me like saying how lack is
that's better than Marshall and stuff
like that but you know what I just don't
like him that much there it is five nail
full time yeah I know it's embarrassing
you have to say it fine half you would
have clicked up the video by now anyway
yep shattered why I need six wins so if
I can keep doing you know win lose and
lose and randomly one episode just get
two wins that's enough
so let me know you want me to buy I
don't know it what team you want them
for the one player I'm not going to
choose it if it's more than one player
thank you guys for watching and see you
