yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to the border fever it's been so long
since I've done this series and today I
am joined with the special guest who
goes by the name of be funny yeah that's
right I'm gonna go FIFA monster oh no no
I know I mean I'm in a good mood
Manny so if you guys don't know how this
series works this is what the board
looks like this is what Manny looks like
as well he has changed from last time at
this time we're going different ways
he's going from 75 to 100 score in my
goal I'm going from 1 to 75 trying
school and his goal the second number on
the card that you pack the flashes up is
the amount of spaces that you move
obviously there are some things that you
might not understand so here are the
rules you can have a quick read also
before we start if you guys don't know
who many is somehow even though he's
always on my channel definitely check
him out in the description also
subscribe while you're over there Manny
are you ready to try the border Fifi or
the first one on this board I want to
score in your bowl so of course I'm
ready Thurmond sounded kind of sexual
but we're gonna move on so during this
game we will put any players that are
worth keeping on the transfer list and
the winner gets to keep them the lose as
the discard all of them alright so there
are these 15k pay for are these 25k
packs we're gonna just say that if you
want to open them you can manny as you
are the guest you can go for 25 paper
it's got big an in-form gets you an
extra five as well remember that it's
again got a zero that's a great start
for these great start all right Manny
well I'm gonna open a 35 K back as well
let's just again juicy 79 rated inform
add we get we get we get a 0 you got 0
you get 0
yeah 15 K pack looks tempting but no a
7500 gonna go I got Ivo 0 you another 0
Manny this hasn't started well no no
shit I've go for another one because I'm
DJ Khaled and I know that the key is a
one okay
we've started the floodgates are open
now 7500 again I think I'm going to
start moving to those now I did a 25k
again I've got I've got eight and my
opponent keeps coming out on eight
so that eight means you are on the
corner position which means we both open
a pack we'll go with a 5k pad whoever
gets the higher card gets to move
forward another two positions three two
one go
all right so the higher whoever gets
higher who scored two positions I've n
even afford one so I won
Hey okay I got 77 Oh
76 boom I move forward - I'm gonna join
you with the seven and a half day pack
liyan are messy on the front we get bone
but no one again really bro that's it
that's a one that's a yellow card if I
get another yellow card now I miss a go
that's it please do you get one yes cuz
you have me eight you're another eight
you're a 59 and I'm on five we're gonna
we go pro I'm gonna get tonight I'm
gonna get some solid boom
no it was a nine you actually got nine
yeah Rob you're doing black magic you
can't be doing that I'm supposed to do
black magic I am now only like three
behind you I can't get you high yeah I
like this
good yeah I didn't get a - I've got
seven a seven Oh yellow card for Manny
but I should get you look like a yellow
card you're lying
I'm not 5952 that's a yellow card 15 K
pack and we get a sonic boom you get
we've got six one two three four five
six
I'm one off it Oh last the red card lads
see I really want to inform because if
you get an infamous guarantee 5 come on
Manny okay Pat I got one why would I get
one I'm going for a 25k right now you're
big would you why what could be me
cuz I chases shows the same as you and
it worked
I've got an 8 if you get 5 that's an
injury money I've got a yes wait what
does that mean that means you just got a
sell quick sell your pack okay that's
not so good
was it not good I'm guessing by an egg
the fact it wasn't good so I just don't
want a 2 or a 5 or 2 is an injury 5 is
what you just got and I'm going for a
25k pack I'm gonna get any informed
today money determined and again inform
that I'm going to beat you and keep it
we yet Savan looks like a PFR he's a 1
when you rated a pedophile you just said
he's a 1 okay if you get a 5 yeah get
another go just to let you know but I
mean that's not gonna happen
yeah one over on nine okay or or not
right this may be the chance Manny for
me to actually pull this back if I get
five right now I land in the same
position you're in you move back ten
spaces know that I need a fiver don't do
it face up my luck not neither of us
have got fired
why did I go for 25k back
no please but you get uh-oh
it's a three that means I'm a 32 you're
on 3400 if you get it if you get a 2 now
that means I'm now moving back 10 Fanny
please I'm going okay honey get one or a
zero
please a two two nine one zero zero
please please lucky oh my gosh ah no
would ya I want Diego Costa oh that's
good that means I get a six
yeah so you move past me and you're on
28 yeah but I might have to discard him
yeah but you're quite far ahead of me
right now
okay well I've survived the tackle
that's what happening I'm gonna get in
425 Cape I can go a nine a nine again
all right
25k yeah I want please monkey man again
how do you pull up weight races those
races many no it wasn't 79 you are 9
yeah what the hell was twenty eight -
nine nineteen oh hey yes red card which
is I get two goes into zero that's a
great great buy get on the go Manny why
a one you got one yeah oh that
suspension was quick zero zero zero
I've got seven for fuck sake buddy
I'm almost winning oh you need 12 you
could win win one go - I need to get
someone sick right now please
if I could get like if I could just get
like an in-form something I don't know
would you get who I got off freaking -
money you gotta - you can quite as you
blind
I got I got one okay okay here we go on
corners if you can prefer or I just
don't I just want you know loud
that's what something high behind number
that's not us us a for Falls moving at
least the movement a Steven Gerrard I
love the way you were like gonna be
negative and you like it's moving he
just changed it well I've been getting
ones and stuff so you know like that
isn't that good for it I'll be nice and
I'll open what's that well none of them
a nice the only thing you can do right
now is go oh I opened a pack go to 0 and
fake it that's the only thing that's not
knows monkey man give me something man
eat stop
I don't allow racism on this channel
Simon would you get I was here big fat
pig number or not actually why I'm not
backing it but it's not as embarrassing
come on please boom-boom both 0 you got
a zero but he actually gets here honey
open your back
come on mr. core monkey stop that's not
racist I said mr. cool monkey man I like
where Oh
and then inform and shit yeah ignore my
maths it was man is for he said 10 minus
7 is for who popped on ag√ºero will you
move 7 the only thing that can make this
worse right now is if I get a good
player then I have to disturb them
like Packer is a - you need a four or
higher to score and win the game go for
it money having forgotten and it what
informers it Mandanda I've got nine you
got nine i won you don't even sound
happy wait but I'm making sure I've won
yeah you've won money - let's get this
straight not only have I won I've got a
guerre oh I got Mandanda and chick and
cluster and I get to keep them yes money
oh I think it's safe to say your black
magic phone alright so I'm I didn't
really get anything for discard so I'm
just discarding Girard of the nutrient
of savage the beautiful but that means
money it gets the keeper Zagros inform
his co-stars check and he is the winner
of this first-ever border FIFA Sam Sam
bill I'm very differently basil for
today let me know who you're me to play
against next in the comments below be
sure to check out money in the
description as I said earlier I'm thank
you money for playing and give them and
plate your fortune see you which at the
whole video is done well and the book is
done so I don't know when this next
video will be up but it should be soon
so thanks guys guys hey hey right that's
time food and then drive home more food
I've been getting Avenue in a Kingston
mate King
