I'm trying something that I've never
tried before it's my worst fear I'm
scared this is the zero they're not
special so since some important foreign
amid always got some a Maki avocado my
feet they got some to see me summoning
hearing someone have a card Oh was to be
going to top and you got plenty genuine
I'm sorry okay alright as you can tell
it is darker outside right now but it's
because I have been somewhere else
before I've tried the sushi and it's big
news big exciting news but you can have
to wait for like two three weeks and
then you'll find out I'm excited and
more content for me so anyway back to
this salmon okay so zero sushi so they
were kind enough to give me this even
though they know I'm probably not gonna
like it but I have heard from everyone
else but it is like the best sushi
around and in that area in burka and
stuff I thought you know if I'm gonna
try it I need to try the best but I hate
fish if you didn't know that that's why
this is my biggest fear I hate fish with
our passion so basically this is what's
gonna happen I'm gonna try one of each
thing and hopefully not like any of them
out in history if I'm being real with
you guys I've had this idea for about
four months and I've planned it with
zero sushi and the guy who owns it but
every time I've done it I'm gonna loud
kind of put it off a little bit I'm kind
of held back because it's gonna be
horrible okay we've changed rooms due to
the lighting issue sushi you heard what
they were earlier if you didn't then I
don't really care I have my sushi eating
equipment tissues a drink oh god I don't
want it smells which one do I first try
this one
every easiest one this is my first ever
buy of sushi ever some of you're
probably looking at this guy and all
these students trying sushi I last
bought my ate fish I got food poisoning
for four days and lost to stuff there's
a bit more of me it could go really
badly
come on come on okay
oh well it won't go you all right wasabi
with salmon and egg balls fish balls and
go for it Wabble Wabble
you know what it is it's fine until I
buy into the salmon I'm sorry vegans by
the way okay I'll go for this one what's
that in the middle from Oh God I know
those prawns
I tried forms another night but this
isn't even a taste home ah I don't know
what it is that is gross seaweed rice
and avocado this the boy fine I can have
one of those as a savior now often you
couldn't have been it that with wasabi
on I'm a great man give you three can I
get rid of that little bit but still got
wasabi on odds are too for that but this
isn't it all right only three to one
dude I got ya ha ha saucy it's dawn
sleep
okay we got a boss battle that was the
sidekick of the boss I didn't realize
how thin it was this is just this is
just a chunk of aliens now I'm ready I'm
so happy that this isn't like a
challenge where I have to do more if I
don't want to because I think I'd cry if
someone was sitting here and going you
can't leave until you finish that I
would cry because I can't eat that and
I'm not gonna be able to eat that but
I'll try to you leave a like leave a
like outside McLaren car this is an
alien this is one of those ones that had
the lamp on its head it's very nice if I
like sushi what are you doing oh that's
ridiculous I put this much and you said
it was too much and then I almost cried
would I give you for the other one I
give you too
that's five ready three two one five oh
my god oh it's not fish it's fine
come whoa
that was me trying sushi for the first
ever time but worst ever fear is fish so
I'm all good let's carry on with the
blog is now the night time it's like
whites it's like ten past seven in the
evening I'm on my way to Shepherds Bush
to see Chateau basically so yeah the
next thing I'm gonna be doing is showing
Jacques oh I'm sorry that this is a bit
low to park there I'm gonna get out I'm
gonna go meet G and chew by the way I'm
sorry his name was spoken so for a
jacket I'm so the mood of Shaka I know
that we can love the window
Oh
shaaka they got a caller they go younger
Mouse they go Jake Mitchell
and Shakur is done that was freakin
insane so I want to thank Shaka for that
also if you don't know who Sakura is by
the way I use a lot of his music like in
the just I don't know in the outro and
stuff I should have thought about what I
was gonna say before I got in the car
anyways now I got drive home so yes I've
got like an hour and a half drive to go
let's go that was embarrassing and now
I'm home alone again I really hate being
home alone but does mean that there is
no noise limit so is this what normal
people do do they fly a drone around the
house I don't know but you spin me right
round baby right round like a record
baby up down not that okay I should
probably stop this yeah landed right I
don't even know what time it is but I'm
done for the day so I'm gonna go to bed
I hope you guys have enjoyed the vlog
I'm sorry if that wasn't much to it but
I think I mean I ate sushi for the first
time ever I want this all shock I flew
my drone about as up as a decent vlog to
me so yeah thank you guys for watching
and post
even at a time and there's nobody be for
the manatee - was that the plan
according to history status means
polyester shine
