Joe what's going on guys and welcome
back to another vlog no I'm not gonna be
vlogging all the time but I am out in
London at like 12 and 45-minute Drive
turned into an hour and 45 minute drive
and I am going to Andrew Henderson's
house you you should recognize because
I've done a lot of videos of them and
yeah we're gonna do another football
video and then get food and stuff like
that so I thought why not blog my day
out in London is different for once cuz
I never leave the house
so let's go we are here I've won and got
food with Andrew the bad start filming
these guys I know yeah just got food and
now we're trying things though you know
I'm a bit as well nothing
well every time you like arts is I have
a pledge bubbles on through I'll show
you some soccer tricks you get it free
something like last time liberation of
free start
it's my job and you like barely ever
trainer still collapse you're barely
ever Network high so we are leaving
because why would even please get some
upside security and security always nd
secure the place was very nice I love
you see who you write so in a second
location
well third location and yeah he's doing
that again keeps doing this
keeps doing things right so you've got
them all back and we're at one more
location I'm going to do like one or two
more after this
then we're gonna get food yes yes we're
going to do get food after this then I'm
going to do the long drive home
wait let me get let me get look good
luck there we go now sound tax okay so
what we're going to do here but so far
the pool has landed in the river
he's been hit by police this car we go
that wrong we did what was that noise
which are the whole video is done well
as the book is done so I don't know when
this next video will be up but it should
be soon so thanks guys
guys is congressman King gay hey right
that's time food and then drive home
more food actually get up you know
change to mate King I honestly didn't
know where I was someone German - I can
do anything play though so most of the
videos was hip almost got arrested we
didn't work arrested boy them though in
the river when the room are you they've
already seen it but serious in general
all right now food
you
and the jig is down so basically I've
just come from Andrew setters now saw
the other guys and I'm now gonna be
heading home I'm hoping like now you
guys know Andrew if you don't check them
out in the description because yeah like
ridiculous freestyler you you've seen
some of it here but the video is gonna
be out in a couple days I think it's
gonna be mostly him because obviously he
can do so much more and like you know
the way the way like my injury works I'm
not injured I'm lying anyway yeah so
it's gonna be mostly him like all of us
would be in it quite a bit still also
nice to the guys for filming as well I'm
leaving a link to them in the
description you guys should check them
out but yeah now I got to go home it's
like a to know an hour journey and then
I will be home what long yeah but I am
now home and I've just been told that
everyone else is out except Josh so I
don't think I'm gonna be recording that
much which means it's editing time
please don't fall please don't fall
please stop so I'm just going to start
editing videos I must be editing that
one both of these so yeah there's a good
day I've said it already I'll say again
make sure you check out Andrews channel
I'll leave a link to it below also the
two guys for filming because they did a
sick job at filming also I didn't show
you guys but in Andrews house there's
two other guys who lived there one of
them is also a freestyle who I've done a
video with before and the f2 he's got
Daniel Dennett he and the other guy
filmed the Christmas video that me and
Andrew did last time and Daniel actually
has made the songs that I now use for
vlog do you have check him out as well
but yeah go subscribe to both of them
and check out the guys as well I'm an
either for their today that's another
vlog and yeah I'm absolutely shattered
up I'd like six hours sleep I've been
awake for I know nothing that long beer
there you guys watching and see it's not
like I've been destroyed in this either
it just
you just can get that afoul moved as
water so that's just annoying is one
place that ain't George that's a good
effort you had to save it come on just
give me a char please great there you go
there's the charge those are just boom
there's one right we've got 20 minutes
to get three goals there's another goal
for him yep there it is stick to the
bookkeeper
