Joe guys what's going on our welcome
back to the very best this as I said
last episode is crunch time now I get it
cuz crunch I asked you guys who I should
buy top comment was like as Errol
Griezmann and I know there was another
comment about head ski but I'm not
including it because I don't want to buy
heavy and also it disappeared so this is
what I'm proposing to you as I said last
episode I have two games left
if I win one game I remain in the
division that means I get six thousand
coins if I get relegated I get three
thousand coins if I win the game I will
pile a cassette I do not win a game I
will buy Griezmann so there's the table
it's time to go into the first game we
are going back to the roots and we are
using a ppl team I know the French team
is pretty much be here anyway but we're
sticking with this team with stick of a
Zoomer as well cuz he doesn't play a
French team anymore for now that's the
team let's do this first game is against
is against never give up that is the
perfect name for this episode his team's
alright but we can you know never give
up Simon that's what we need to know
alright let's do this guy's come on play
just play smart play smart Simon us
early ball into the box there it is
Russell not great ball come on contact
limp right there's a tiny bit of lag in
this game as usual I don't know what is
going on right now right go I've got
turn up turn up turn up pass it across
and that's not to him Oh bollocks what
why is it done that's it that was done
from him that's really really gum well
how does he keep getting through this
delay is absolutely ridiculous by the
way this is this is horrible he's
actually tried it he just tried the
frickin rabona what is this lag look at
it it just it just feels horrible it's
just everything is slow I great oh come
on if I didn't get go he might actually
quit that be that's the dream that's the
dream right there God
ah come on just give me a chance oh
there's his Chancellor's John
Wow that finish come on George come on
George come on George
Oh Oh George best gotten past there
passed down past the get white like that
George best is a sick player and he
can't pass it there come on I know I
know exactly where you're going how's
that buzz them okay that's fine go well
actually let's get a counter-attack
going now let's do this quick one look
it over what the George good touch man
come on no okay
how does the eyes just gonna pass that
honestly no it's not it's just gonna
what is this come on
I've realized how late a lot like this
Premiership team now played with the
French team where it's halftime we're to
know down I have to win a game so if I
lose this the pressure is completely on
the last game and I die I don't know
what to say it's been a terrible game
come on go go paws off lay off go that's
a pen does a pen go across it doesn't
how is trippy man yeah pass across
though like it's not like I've been
destroyed in this either you just just
can get that's a foul he's moved too
small as well that's just annoying is
one place that named George that's a
good effort you had to save it come on
just give me a char please wait there
you go that's the charge those four just
boom there's one right we've got 20
minutes to get three goals there's
another goal for him yep there it is
straight to the looking boat literally
solar I don't know what is going on it's
so frustrating to play this as well FIFA
is just it's not fun when you loosen
just please and birch oh thank you that
is embarrassing guys his name was never
keep up but I gave up I'm sorry he did
deserve to win I'm not denying that but
not 5-1 which means one final game it's
all come down to this this is the moment
that could change this series if I lose
or draw I get really good it's gotta be
done it's got a French team for final
game of the division and it all comes
down to that he has loaned us key and
rib√©ry ah let's do this come on let's
go Simon let's do this for the ultimate
team for George bets how's he still
going
again how is he still got how the hell
did he get this goal and why did I even
try and keep on Gary Gary - Gary good to
him good to get to get to what Fleming
but no no great save come on this is
great play this is great this is great
plate no I didn't mean to go there turn
back right how's it cut though that
almost ping did it work
go Google goog good at that most happen
nice right pause the back ref foul
that's a foul oh please no no no no no
we all see where you're going will see
it but can we stop it we can't he's just
done like Korea's be there no time yes
go don't what you doing
why am i struggling come on let's go
let's go let's go come on I need to win
come on let's do this let's go let's go
play me Brennan go
run run run me run and shoot he's ezel
oh my god oh my god I'm Jesse within the
slowest finish ever but we're winning
this French team is life this French
team is love this French team is life
come on come on look at that
what no just just lose that with me
again with no buzz yeah was I was a
great run for Moscow but how he
controlled this and still got the shot
off thing off of the EOTech but he's
gone so defensive considering he's
losing to Neil now ah it's cuz he knows
it's cuz he knows it doesn't take that
many people to score go there any things
- we'll only takes one actually oh no no
no it's not foul that's not foul gone
pass it on what's a challenge
Oh nervous I'm too nervous I don't like
this I don't like it no tackle oh that's
a goal that's a piece here cuz I was
absolutely shocked from defending oh no
oh no no what time Oh George yes Maurice
oh my god it's 45th minute and he is to
one down that is like that's like prime
goal scoring
and whose run it's literally just runs
the whole way go go go go go please what
okay halftime maybe it's not deserved no
maybe it's not layin there you go there
you go there you go one more one more
open go over go over gold thank you
three one either the mayor of factors
right now I am winning 3-1 and I just
need to win so if I can just keep going
I can just keep top form a couple let's
get rid of I just need to keep defending
like this and I have the game done go go
go go go go go boom big touch Remi flame
in no not that no that is not where I
meant it he may have been offside though
but that's clearly not where I would
have meant that Marshall Marshall gone
gone gone
pause it back pause it back boom how
that that didn't make any sense
oh no oh no I just said okay please
Sporty's just scored on a school of only
15 minutes left
oh shit oh shit are actually too nervous
upon my heart won't let this star take
the foul please don't be sick of free
kicks every day
Funspot get to rim please all right no
no no no no no no get tackle get tackled
that's it
one let's do this let's just disappear
disappear into the distance to remain in
the division god
no to the other person yes we've done it
we've done it we stay in the division
which means were buying luck as that
doesn't my he promised deserve to win so
we are starting fresh we are in Division
three again glorious phase welcome to
the club of Kings lack assets he shall
take his place among the kings next
episode 1 you guys let me know whom you
should replace that is all for today I'm
so happy we actually still thank us
watching and see you this is leaks but
she's gonna have a go shot look yet
watching that's a good technique how
does that work
alright this is vicksburg ever swing
yeah the hell my god oh my god Tiger
Woods
my cooking time a star one star one two
three oh five points how many puts those
