yahwah's going on guys and welcome to
another vlog basically I never do why do
vlogs but only when I'm going out and
doing something and a lot of you say I
should vlog more even if I am just
sitting at home but don't worry I'm not
currently it is about 8 o'clock right
now I think it is it is yes was quarter
to nine I've just finished recording
some GTA I've done another like 3 days
worth of GTA I've done a few videos and
all my videos for today again top goals
and yeah I just thought I'd vlog because
I've never worked so I thought why not
cuz I'm a sane like I don't log apart
from when I'm actually going out and
doing so I know I'm doing something now
but I never is only if I'm doing
something big and me and Josh when's the
other day to Brighton and saw dynamo
which was another one of my vlogs
but we ended up spending like the whole
day with Alfie or pointlessblog if you
know and he was issued there just like
why don't you vlog people do want to see
what you're doing and I even asked them
Twitter and everyone said yeah we do so
I thought I'd actually start doing it
it's not gonna be that frequent I'm
putting on my main channel because I'll
stand Twitter as well people said put on
your mention I was very close but I kind
of thought as well you'd rather see your
vlog than FIFA sometimes so I'm gonna be
trying to vlog as much as I can if I
don't I'm sorry hopefully I will even if
I'm not doing that much I'll try and
like you know I'll actually try and
leave the house like I am now cuz most
days I don't leave the house it would be
that interesting but yeah anyway that's
enough talk for now let's go top god we
just driven past the driving range to go
to a different driving range just so we
can see the others oh I hope they take
it like notice of that
hi so just got here and we met the boys
and this is Cal Cal Cal Cal ronzi okay
here I'll do what's it gonna be no five
points all right
I haven't played in about seven years
most of the places he was 12 and Vic has
never played it that was balanced he's
been playing like six times a week going
well come on it's gonna go so wrong
whoa and give that money in the velocity
to be the first time I'm weird no I
waited no no it's gonna come up right
then you got I'll still win it I'm still
with it
this is mix but she's gonna have a go
shop not yet watching that's a good
technique how does that work
all right this is mix low ever swing
yeah the hair my god oh my god Tiger
Woods cooking time star one star one two
three oh boy
points how many points those Jewish me
you may see you how many points is it
that's what we came for really didn't we
came for the food came for a drink and
kind of the company I guess that counts
what's it called it's wrapping mini cow
frizzy sweet ball yes this is this is
this is caprese special move here we go
this is it will sleep asleep on the
sweeper sneakers it's known oh fuck
knows where it went
we go point forgot what ready the point
alert boom I get full major point alert
mix bass lesson hi
it's just mix mom nothing ready going
back I'm so bad I feel about the guide
in da whizzy so close how's that one man
I doubt it
wait till it comes to mingle together I
just say
now I don't know how I can fix a fellow
you're about to drop our 64 go up I'll
try jumping as me cry ah ah even I've
got the beef and you don't kick your
teeth it yeah
Shakira's fit guess what she's up my
dick oh oh yes she's fit PK unlucky mate
guess what I took your date now is time
to be my mate Oh waking me faces so are
you sorta by cow get ready from Kevin oh
my gosh he's damn you Ben 3 bye guys
and we're home and that is the end
Livan that why I say it's the end of our
night we're now gonna go record a random
game and then record something else for
a little while which means I probably
have another four hours midnight right
oh it's half midnight and then we're
gonna yeah record a random game they
work or something else then I might eat
this then I'm gonna edit a GTA and then
I'm gonna go to bed and then I will wake
up you guys always want to see more of
like what we do and stuff and like us
outside of videos so my question is if
you did enjoy this genuinely let me know
in the comments like I like would
obviously help me as well I would tell
me you liked it but if you can actually
comment do more or do less or do you
know be constructive don't be don't be
an idiot
now you're gonna be it's great anyway
yes so if you want me to keep vlogging
more around the house and you know like
little trips out and stuff or learning
magic from dynamos magic kit wherever
that is down there that that magic kit
down there if you're mean to do vlogs
and stuff like that let me know in the
comments as I said I'll happily do them
cuz I really like vlogging but I just
feel like you guys don't want to see
much in terms of us sitting around the
house or just talking to you those of
you let me know in the comments say you
guys for watching hopefully you enjoy
playing topped off with our sword not
really playing golf more laughing at us
fear they for watching and shit
why don't know why Schneiderlin is
always here but well you know what we're
not complaining but oh oh oh oh rest
come on wait wait tackle him give me the
ball back no you ball sack
big tackle Oh sugar Oh sugar know where
Bobby egg is fast close him down close
him down set no he's gonna turn in we
roll
