this is it last episode was just a
build-up the dice has done me well
there's mysterious fluff on this
nevermind but the team was built messy
leading the way and now it is time for
what you may ask is chuckles okay no
back to serious mode it is time to win
the draft so we use this team we head
into the first game named on Tori you
will be on very short win this and we
move into the final so here we go team
game one here we go we see Rinaldo he is
messy he has my player out he has my boy
and he has his own boy damn you dice you
never know though he could be terrible
so here we go we're starting the game
there we go we're starting well we start
well gut so you picked up your game last
time where's what team where's my team
seriously where where where is my team
please keeps okay didn't even look
worried there keeper no go to him go to
him go go No
oh no no I forgive a pun yes okay go get
out no no our roof the air please stop
that going into the roof of the goal get
it season through comedy grain come on
run run in for me grain oh no no no no I
didn't do that you touch what just
happened oh well Guys looks like I'm
already hitting out this what a real
where actually is my defense like where
where okay where's well not really my
defense where's my midfield get rid no
no no no no no no I didn't actually okay
they go there you go right past that
where are you running to and goal number
two please yeah there you go me why am i
no bringing on damar what am i acting
warmer plainer why am I being so
Jordi Alba Jordi Alba
buh-buh-buh-buh please wait name Neymar
before you say yes I saw the power bar
go
at least we're actually getting an
attack on now come on please all right
that's what you want Julie Alba Julie
Alba yeah you don't know we're gonna do
you ye ye ah there's one back with God
for the win don't even know one forget
the trouble we got for the win ha ha ha
ha ha ok this guy isn't that good at
defending ok but isn't it but I can get
in the position go go go go go come on
Emma come on never boom you mr. Cole why
did I bring name on all right good then
go on then yeah yeah yeah yeah
breath yes how is he knocking over the
mountain you can't knock over the
mountain that is Yaya tour√© but not Lee
I think it's not that's not win
yes David Luiz no David Luiz
yes David Luiz how is this working out
for him I know I know
ok we've reached halftime and I could
pull this back I can definitely pull it
back just don't know whether I can
actually win how the hell was he go
through though what who scored them how
the is Alice to say getting that
guys I think we're heading out oh no
okay that's fine was see where's my time
why are you running back why are you
running back oh my god really Howard but
that was dusty why is this al qussair
guy better than all my players
well guys where are the draft already
that was quick please please please no
no no no no no no roofie please thank
you come on
I can't lose buy more that's just
embarrassing oh I didn't worry about
that did I
please click this guy this al qussair
guy is the best player in the world this
al qussair guys I mean it's goes pretty
 decent with that finish well guys
it's official I have truly been shat on
this game and I don't know what else I
can 1:1 Jordi Jordi ah yes and now he's
got shot come on I've got a playlist at
school keeps keeps keeps keeps okay this
guy's the best he's the best player in
the world
how could say was the best player in the
world come on then Ron go under trick do
trick yet go on yeah thank you
how okay no right I tricked him onto the
ball I apparently I passed it to him oh
my god this guy oh he's really good an
attack to be fair right we got last
chance of the game and then that's what
he is
a girlfriend Leo Messi where's the
follow-up yes where was where's the
that's the difference between my team
and his team I was at all that attack as
well Fairplay don't make Fairplay
absolutely destroyed me although saying
that he had seven shots on-target he
scored seven let's see what we get yay
great behzod for them now be a premium
gold pack and
is boom we get Kipple right and that is
it hurricane I've never got anything
good with hurricane in front so we can
assume this is gonna been save our boom
yep not even a rare although we did get
Van Dyck that is all for today I'm sorry
guys I am genuinely sorry that that was
it that's all thank you guys to watch it
if you want me to do more jobs let me
know because I didn't really do them
that much but if you want me to you let
me know in the comments they are
switching and see Remmy we played with
in before though we played with him
God dragged me down drove it I went to
the pen that's little I went for that I
know I know I shouldn't have post it one
more one more one more look at the lag
look at the light good go up there bus
oh that's a good safe check that's why I
brought you from other team create space
with the little short one and then okay
no George George track George track back
nice George don't
