yeah what's going on guys and welcome
back to the very best the ultimate team
series where I use George best to win
games sometimes this is the team we have
been using I asked you guys for two more
players to put into this team which as
you can clearly see it's a French team
the right back and left back top
comments today was get Clichy and Sonia
I told you guys are not gonna care about
the coins in this one I'm literally just
gonna get them regardless I want to play
with this team I need a change so there
are those two players bought and that
has completed the team oh yeah also Ben
Arfa sold so the French team is done yes
I'm leaving George best as a right
forward I might change it to a
right-winger so that he's between the
two teams
but the bench is full of the other
players so there will be fit for the
next game but that's the team we've got
we're gonna try it out now it can't go
worse than last time I lost both games
there's a terrible terror website but
now we have to win five out of the six
games to get promotion I guess we'll see
now with this game so the first test for
the French team is a very normal BPL
team there's nothing special there so
bad but it's not special so the theme we
do this now that's not even French I
don't know what that was pass the ball
about let's go where's the where's the
run where's the run there we go
boss it off and then turn out ref ref
look Rev that's a foul
thank you he's got put out on the line
but ah you know what screw it we're
trying it up Wow oh oh that's a new
wonder the end isn't it you want George
best there yeah that foul kind of helped
me know they actually got me into a
really good position I would got another
attack on it
hiya see new bat pose that's a luggable
okay don't know how that really worked
there but well ok is a good attack ok
intent we've never played with him
before actually I can't believe I never
played what the car don't like him
already
Remy we played with him before though we
played with him God drag me down drop it
I went to the pen that's all I went for
the eyes I know I know I shouldn't have
plus it one more one more one more
look at the lag look at the like good go
up the bus oh that's a good safe check
that's why I bought you from other team
create a space with the little short one
and then ok no George George track
George track
nice George don't okay we're getting a
bit of lag Oh what press something lag
ref a free kick for lag look at this lag
this is ridiculous you know what I just
want to shoot get rid of this get rid of
that yes good add a bad header bad bad
header but no challenge challenge um
right you know what we need to wear yet
there you go where's the runs all right
go on Remy come on
wait seen the run seen the run see the
run barn open it was an open goal that
was ridiculously nice oh my days what
why why Conor no no no no no no no no no
no come back here oh no no no no no no
no no no no no no no good god something
happened something happened breathe
rainfall please come on please please
please please do something so Dobie me
okay well what is happening why is this
so bad oh my god no no no what the
and look at that I'm straight back in
like no problem there another frickin
loss I don't even deserve that loss I
was winning I guess I go for another
game so ridiculous like wait why why is
that I gained two and we are playing
again yeah a great team and is a very
very good BPL team why why I was winning
the last game and now I'm gonna get
trashed by this law let's just stay
positive and hope that we can get what
we deserve we deserve a win today
come on George give me that win I
deserve give me that win Oh
ref ref you Ref how did I fall over no
no no no no no no no no no stop him stop
him now stop game fraud get in front of
him oh how I'll hit the foul I pick the
foul now
no he's done me he's done me with my own
trick board oh that's fine calm Simon
calm get rid get to him get him get him
no great save good oh don't like this
like this no denying his team is very
good so it's only a matter of time
before you schools stay positive Simon
stay positive
clear this bull that's the right way go
in the right way right now go on keep it
how is that a foul no no
now he's gonna roll it now he's rolling
it there we go he's rolling it that's
the goal that's so lucky that's like out
of all the goals I'm gonna concede yes
to get that lucky and get it now he just
got the award look at look at him look
at him using the pace really that that
almost went in pay where do we go from
here where do we go what oh no Ben you
saw my player fall over that's a foul
gone but whoa whoa whoa whoa boom good
effort as long as we're putting pressure
on it's a good effort that's all we want
blur so you can ask for stop him
stopping hit stop him here no we've seen
that giving Gary Gerould great play
greatly go go go we need to counter
counter go go okay that's what's out
that's a great term from Marcial Maciel
mom okay now lay off now little Remy
Remy bite across good hi there's a big
space there now big space good oh really
bad header at least I'm actually having
some attacks those for now don't scored
outdo me Ben let's do this guy's go
Oh run run run run run run run no wait
foul
please stole that was it come on I don't
know what foot hears that's a pen that's
a pen no no no no that one actually was
a pen I know I can feel like every
single one ever but that one was I
believe if there's any reason the
lenient rest lenient whoa possible works
I think that's it having us halftime
unless
he wants to have another chance no
that's it hard time with one kneel down
his goal was the worst effort out of all
of them and I'm being shat on didn't
realize all right here we go second half
let's get this underway need a goal
badly
please home there you go look at this
look George Bester's he's on it he's on
one he's on one
this sets him up oh good effort lads
what did I say good effort so you can
ask him a team go on with that in that's
a good ball that's a great ball his
keyboard came out for it
ah okay here we go this is it this is it
this is it ready boom how is he saving
that I know he's like six foot 17 or
something buddy
why can't save that come on George run
run George big touch big touch wait wait
okay wait no ah George Ross please just
know you're talking to me oh please
you're on you're gone no give up
whatever let you go that now do a good
pass George come on George best always
has so much space and he just doesn't
use it that much what does he
what does he does he or F Penn just just
but I missed the last penny we ever took
on Venus so we're going to a different
place again top left
jaws we could win this game I you know
what Remy Remy wait no Remy okay come on
take that part on one more wait that was
so hard
where is up with Jacqueline no sugar no
no no no
no no had it yes just please get rid of
him
please please puss go go go go go good
posit there you go there we go there we
go who is this marshal please get to
that I turn back turn back no it's a ton
back down the line he's so slow to turn
oh no oh no no oops this
what is that weighs up for a goal like
seriously that was the worst each scored
two of the worst goals I've ever seen on
FIFA yeah of course here and he's now
passed across and career but football
wonderful I don't care that that was
offside what defending we have one
chance left and we have two ah he's just
time wasting any time wasting go go kick
it quick fit go go go go go you need to
win the header George okay wait wait
wait
we still got chance still go chance Go
Go Go come on come on turn back what the
Frick why don't you you can get to the
ball are we've lost there it is game
game over lads
he's got 3v1 can I even defend this
please it's done a strange one is that a
very very strange one that's it game
over so some absolute bull honkey I
don't know what to say I've lost another
two games I'm gonna get relegated four
games left I have to win three of them
how am i struggling this bad two games
though to be fair I've been winning and
it's disconnected this division let me
know who you want to improve or what
manager for the French team that's all
for today I'm too pissed off to play
this right now thank you guys watching
and see you
brightest we've just finished the show
and uh yeah it was back in what what's
up girl
keep going Yugi I'm going to expect that
you know I'm trying Karolina but yeah
we're gonna see some tricks now oh wow
