hi it's time guys doing the unthinkable
going outside at once Oh what are you
doing oh my god oh my god aside it's
cold
I'm staying stay it alright so we are
headed to Brighton me and Josh or Josh
and I yeah so after last night's whole
debacle which I'll show you now
it is the night before this and I am
freaking out right now because I'm
literally in a bed watching TV it's I
don't know what time is it about 5:00
a.m. and I had this little rustling in a
bag and I have to see that there's a
mouse and so I'm standing on my bed
right now so there's a mouse in my room
what the do I do
good that's your room now Mouse okay
everyone's asleep
what what what what I do what do I
actually do there's a mouse I may be
sleeping in the spare room tonight
why don't they hear a noise why can't I
literally just like I'm just falling
asleep I just want to know where it is I
know where it is it won't be that bad
but they're not know implies the worst
part because I want to sleep knowing
like climb on my face today whatever day
this is I don't know what day it is
anymore
the mouse is still in the room put the
quickest glimpse ever of the mouse and
now it's
somewhere I don't know where this gun
isn't even a real it's an unloaded BB
gun but I'm just trying to make it stay
away right now I guess what I'm saying
right now is wish me luck in this long
night ahead of me okay if I'm continuing
this vlog means I survived I'm still
alive yay the mouse is still in the
house somewhere well we'll find it at
some point we're gonna go cuss them out
and then head off to Brighton we're
seeing Dinah more
Dinah more tonight
my back so thought I'd plug
streets back all right
obviously I have left the house while
we're in Tuskers now buying sandwiches
for the road I went to the bus or he
didn't go he turned it down July not on
the fire
yeah it was divided but uh yeah went out
to that which I did blog by I didn't put
out so I'm gonna put it in here now
maybe you
the summers and we are headed into the
athlete and I don't know why with very
good people
the game talked about they don't get as
many free drinks as possible
always always always nineteen always
every time I see
yeah
oh here we go there we go
you
right so we have arrived in Brighton
we've got some food met with Alfie and
now we're gonna go see dynamo and we're
not allowed to film in there we've been
told so I'm not going to be able to show
anything but hopefully we'll get to sort
of afterwards and yeah maybe he'll show
us more magic right so we've just
finished the show and uh yeah it was
back for supper
keep going you do oh good a sniper you
know I'm doing but yeah we're gonna see
some tricks now Oh dynamo doing kick ups
with cards got two feet and two pounds
yeah yeah I can see on coming over there
yup there - Peter - pound and I'll try
this with you because you've got your
hand MJ can you hold this an art form it
like this comes a little bit cross like
this you see it right there yep
so I've got a 2 P 2 pounds yes you see
them squeeze them tight because I'm
really tight yeah and choose one but two
P on the two pound through so yes I want
to pound two pounds oh okay like what
two pounds yeah yeah see don't want me
to pee nice
you shot goggle the 2p now should be
gone hopefully open your hand slowly
okay - either you want to ponder like
what's this the two pens disappears on
the other cause you undergo put the two
P buck well
done opening and slowly now I said watch
right look underneath you know my
technique for winning a lot yes okay
I've got some a lot of integers here
yeah feel that's why you've seen these
in the shops before that not the ability
doesn't it feels worse and then you know
hopefully you win this is my technique
for winning it's a technique by called
cheating
now that's the knowledge and I like that
one to touch I do is you own tipper
tickets you can just give them a little
shake like that - just like not only
well it's just not gonna come and show
this because then you end up going back
I just know you next time you go to a
shop you know walking then just give
them a share awesome all three of you
take a card out okay okay on the other
side good one for you and one for you
remember those if you want good one if
you can show them to the cameras I'm not
looking like I'm turning away
Donna actually not too long okay yeah
yeah I'll take yours first
Yeah right there I'll take yours and the
girls are nested in three different
places
yeah yep I'll give them a shuffle I'm
gonna give them a dynamo triple yeah so
Dinah watch your bullets you like this
I love to play play right here's the
heart I want the first card from jumps
into my pocket
oh man I got you yeah yeah in my back
pocket leave us your card yeah yeah oh
yeah and then for alpha Scott I make all
the cards disappear that's your kind of
it yeah yeah I can't even do that I
can't even go nicely show everyone don't
let me to it sick good
I'm going to put about about halfway
down I'll do this don't do this on the
floor down here can you see the car
what I'm not being funny right now is it
but these guys are pretty silent by now
it makes me so angry because I just want
now to do it we came to the show tonight
I'm hoping out at a time you enjoyed it
yeah really yeah obviously we don't want
to give any spoilers away for the short
but I figured that you know should give
some tickets away to yo guys following
yeah I thought you could decide how you
give them away I've got but a couple of
tickets to eat you know some two tickets
to listen to each of you to give away to
your fans your been yet commenting the
show here in Brighton but we are doing
some other dates so if you can't make
the biting shows maybe we can arrange it
or whether win these tickets to come to
one of your shows and whatever corn off
okay if you want to take just tell you
and dr. Tom yeah that's awful I'll take
it okay
tell me no paper is not dinner guys
and I want to touch it no gone happy
that's so sick
so couple tickets for you to give away
couple tickets for you to give away a
complex against using you win thank you
that's it thank you and we're back and
I'm in G's with hey I let the magic
trick I said okay hey Jim any cash yeah
- okay can you give me like a note hi so
fifty pound note right there I'll show
you the trick to my what no is it hot
bar Andrew done so that is the day done
my room is a mess
I'm halfway through a sandwich right now
and now I'm gonna go to bed because it's
2:00 a.m. in the morning but that was a
random random vlog right now I showed
you the basketball I should dynamo and I
showed you the mouse which I completely
forgot about so now I'm not gonna sleep
again tonight right so I forgot to outro
this so first of all when I bank dynamo
for inviting us for the show he said
you'd give away two tickets so I'm gonna
be giving away two and Josh is going to
be giving away two and alfea's giving
away two so if you check out Alfie's
video on his channel and also josh is
going to be doing it on twitter so am I
so you check out mine and Josh's Twitter
in the description below we'll be
tweeting out in the next day or so how
if you can win those tickets if you want
to but yeah also if you'll need to vlog
more because FIFA is you know little man
so I might be blogging a bit more than
you guys for watching and shoot I'm
gonna build the draft team with this
play a game I'm gonna win and prove the
other person's fault I hope otherwise
that actually always been my fault
alright so obviously we gotta roll the
dice if it's a 1 to 5 that corresponds
to which one I choose if it's a 6 I get
to choose so I'm going to be dropping
the dice just down here and I will be
filming at it on here yeah that's right
that's what it looks like when I fill
them so the formation we're going to
choose is 3 what is 3
