yo guys what's up and welcome to
something I realized I hadn't done yet I
realized I've done the dice draft with
JJ Toby cow Josh I've never done it on
my own
so today I've decided to take on my
challenge by myself because every time I
play with someone and I lose I blame it
on them so now we'll the only fair way
is to see if I can win on my own
obviously josh has been using the dice
for a while but I am now taking it back
and I'm gonna build the draft team with
this play a game I'm gonna win and prune
but the other person's fault
I hope otherwise it's actually always
been my fault all right so obviously we
gotta roll the dice if it's a 1 to 5
that corresponds to which one I choose
if it's a 6 I get to choose so I'm going
to be dropping the dice just down here
and I will be filming at it on here yeah
that's right that's what it looks like
when I film so the formation we're going
to choose is 3 what is 3 4 3 1 2 that's
all right that's actually all right but
now the captains we have the choice I'll
be bruh Ronaldo Messi team of the unit I
need a 5 or 6 there we go this is the
big roll This Is It this is it fuck yeah
we get to use two of the year Messi
doesn't fit in but it doesn't matter all
make him fit only time who do we have
the choice of all right goalkeeper 3
he's the highest rated so I will take
him since about 6:00 or we gotta be
careful here now if we choose Castillo
Neola portait then we actually have the
French link none of the others link with
the goalkeeper do we then we're gonna
get a Premiership team or a BBVA now we
have messy so I'm gonna have to go for
BBBS and Laporte a your welcome to the
team let's see the other player to join
there ok that's pretty sick anything but
a tube this is where I get to isn't it
this is where I get
are you serious this hey you fuckin
serious I left back 0:01 three or five I
what's it gonna be
it is the three that's a three I know
you can't see the third dot but that is
a three CH means we get alba welcome to
the team right right back this is gonna
be a tough one - yeah we don't really
want any of them I guess or EF we're
gonna stick with that PSG team obviously
I don't have the choice but here we go
we get a two are those gonna be a fork
Ginter cool sensor mid and the choice is
pretty dead I don't even carry more low
there we go there we go yeah Arnold
okay I care about this 100 I care about
this one I've got me tactical with this
throat we need a good player I don't
know I want though but here we go whoa
it's a three eyes mmm he's better than
fàbregas but I would have preferred
anyone else this team isn't good guys I
may be pretty screwed
lastly Fielder is a five we get an ankle
and that's probably the worst one we
could have got how AM I'm gonna roll out
as us going we got a one gutter
all right that type didn't work we're
going to wait for a second we're gonna
see you I don't know we wanted to make a
difference who we want unless we get a
six which we know hi this is going to
have to be a tactical decision obviously
Messi is gonna play ah who we go for he
could fit and go on the right and Oh
actually he's Argentinean as well oh
okay he's got the right and then we put
Messi up front as well that could work
you know what Egwene I've never played
with him so we're gonna try it I mean we
get another striker anyway Oh Oh little
bit whoa whoa
but I don't get the choice the dice
decides for me for there we go I'm
apparently playing Egwene it's
manageable
I mean sub goalkeeper we get to we get
me no guys he's not playing he's not
playing okay defender as it's going as
its opening it's a five we get some
Walker don't know we 100 I guess the one
I'm never gonna change left back
Albert's there that is horrible I don't
care give what a six right I don't
really want any of these but I guess
larner if anyone know get blend I edema
rear now would be quite nice whoo no we
get Gamera into the reserves we're gonna
get académico that's like a player
those we need that name on this is our
big roll guys come on
loose dice give me a three or six three
or six yeah I know DeMaria probably
makes more sense but I don't care
we'll take a
and for we take trash haulers you get a
1 to get hope these finals
Pelayo for today is plea so bid this one
so in this point I don't know who I want
there we get a 5 we're taking as a live
cow and the final one which I always
forget about is the manager and the
manager what I think they're all right
except five to be honest and it's the
six will take I don't know we'll take
one of Mohammed I guess that concludes
the foot draft now I'm gonna go do the
subs and everything and create what I
can
this is what I've created I've changed
my mind I don't want to show you guys
it's the way I I hear is I mean I've got
messy I've got eggwin I've got guts
Amina I've got name on the bench - array
on the bench I know you think it why I'm
gonna bring name on pretty much
straightaway
and probably are your Tory as well but
that's the team now you know do I got to
play one game if I win we win and I've
proven that I am NOT the weak link
between the other people for lose then I
am I is time to see the TA
we bomb the class whoa I mean I didn't
even get a choice of those three I got
one of them gay well I mean the dice is
spoken and we're gonna see what happens
now what we really know I know you're
going there yeah tackle all right you
know what guys yo y'all Tory's on and so
is name our trash Horace I'm sorry mate
I'm sorry but you're not staying on it's
a nice little sub isn't it it's a nice
sub to have come on treasure hunt lemon
Hialeah no liya no liya no liya oh-oh-oh
cake didn't really mean that bad eye
let's do this was where are you messy
wait singing far side that's a lie
wasn't far side where I meant but okay
name our name my name my name on Naima
Naima Naima was it back there you go and
then to go search God's are busy know
what to save how is he safe though okay
well you know what he didn't mark this
guy you didn't what the guy here who's
this man goo goo I Naima Naima Naima my
god oh sorry Arnold but you can't do
them things I told you guys I'm not the
weak link
you know what is off his line he's off
his line lads okay we're not gonna use
guts to as much run gone cool messy
messy this is Team of the Year messy we
just put this in it wow he is ran as
fast the guy Fernan ghuli go again
that's not girly go let go let go boom I
went in for a second right get this get
this get this is and this is a
counter-attack at uni this is the
counter-attack opportunity love it oh no
this is their counter-attack at all
because he's just scored on the opposite
I guess we didn't want it too easy did
without even out have been a bit boring
let's see mother I mean like it's still
quite easy I mean oh mercy
alright then take you down take them
up again big Wayne big Wayne you know
what if four big Wayne doesn't do long
shots Messi Messi Zin Messi's in nippers
smashes it what what Betty I think I
didn't even bust anything I gave her Tod
EMS he comes with his own little cheat
where he just shoots regardless
whoa-ho-ho-ho do we go Messi come on big
touch big touch all right you know what
plant I pass it one more go on come on
eat wine and then turn back turn back
yeah that's what I thought boom big wine
ok when in her scared the shit out of me
that I wasn't gonna go in by my lover
goodbye my friend it was a destruction
he had one shot obviously that ended a
half time I can't end the video though
I'm gonna play one more with this team
I'm gonna prove that that was not luck
why does everyone have an outer
seriously like I have Messi I know but
what everyone has run out I game too
let's see if we can win another game
Messi just tackled Messi Messi tackle
him again yes
my your mess is better than mine I got
Team of the Year Messi and yours is bad
of mine i Messi is your Messi better
than mine
far side far side gone that's the girls
gossip gosh oh this game up III one nil
gut so really trying to show me who's
boss Tony oho Ganguly go now girlie go
to IO so opposite should have carried on
down the line hahahaha ok wait they're
playing playing one more one more
I am Messi on this right ball goal to
nil mangu lagoon gonna make him quit as
well a halftime let's do this let's go
let's go let's go Messi what's the run
Missy what's a run
alright ok we'll go a gut say he's
stepped up his game this half come on
come on I pass in one more and then BOOM
go three nil the team's just work it if
I can get one more he will quit 100% but
can I get one more is the question no
not right now
or can I pass it one more I bow
is aside I haven't even brought a name
on again I might need to bring our name
on I might need to bring on ok this is
this goal this one girl yeah okay that's
one that's one okay now I'm gonna bring
our name our look look at this look at
the plate look at the play you can't do
with that you want some messy you want
okay yeah I thought you'd run away from
me yeah so I thought okay wait wait for
it
boom boom Oh buzzer foul Oh No how does
it go through but what's a save up side
though there we go half time solid half
than a why hasn't quit yet although
saying that the stats don't really
suggest that I deserve to win it for one
farside faster Oh God so what's your
touch corner corner okay I thought I was
going for the far side yeah that's what
I thought a swell thought maybe that
core I should have just passed it w YZ
okay we have a little problem here we
have a turning con I've read that I've
read that completely
don't let shoot great block come on La
Porte de I mean I feel very comfortable
right now but if he scores this the
challenge is on the basketball he's done
very pleased um well he's thought I
shouldn't have scored based on well ah
the game is on again now isn't it may
mark hello name ah hello name ah hello
name ah
hello Neymar Messi anything you can do I
can do better
look at this look I'm just I'm just
running around him just running around
them and then take touch Messi yegg ye
what oh he got big Wayne get the ball
get the ball cookie
he's a bit of a loaf isn't he why is
this happening now why why is this
happening now what live wisdom
what's the need what's the needy a52 up
with this team it's connections been
lost me again lads we made it to the
screen which makes me think it's him
please it's him it's am yours to our two
wins five two four one easy penis it
that's all I'm doing for the day the
dice has done me well normally I only
play one game so I've actually didn't
you bonus if you wanted to try and play
the next game and let me know in the
comments below that's all for today
thank us watching and see you you're on
and then you dig in that's straight to
the goalie but it's a good attack at
least we're actually having an attack we
didn't have that last time we still got
it
still good it we still got it oh what a
save
get back get back tackle him tackle Nang
Ghoulie goose no that's not what I
wanted make a tackle oh you could have
fun you can just pop that across I am
staying on the line for this I don't
care
