yeah what's going on guys and welcome
back to the very best where were we
laughs time that's right Division three
we've lost one and one one top comment
today why am I not the coach my
intensity style of play is amazed I
don't know what whatever Brendon say in
classic Brenda POG well we've got him
now Brendon bumpers time to stop pairing
people and bring in the book so this is
the team we have currently this team is
it's good enough right now this is the
team we need to work on so we still need
that goalkeeper wait no actually I
bought Latrice tonight we did get Lori's
eye we just need a right or left back I
did binary some sorry comments right and
a left back and then we're done so we're
going into the first game with this team
let's see if we could get another win in
Division three the first game and we
have let me guess you have a standard
BPL team like pretty good she's got you
know company Yaya David silver and
informed so I expect these days we're in
Division three for the best thing you
got was behind your kind I let's do this
guy's let's go let's win this game play
play safe plate place capable
keep the fool stop this stop there what
no girls like ah Maytag Oh No
all that deflation could have taken it
in come on what is this connection
why is he got frickin Tesco Mobile
connection that's actually pretty good
for him
no no no no Gary given without a ganger
pun all right where's the team where's
it shine down stopping weeds are you sir
what I didn't I didn't do it I didn't do
anything
how the hell is he gonna play Noel this
Oh Mike how am i loop where did that
come from
can't lose another game put why there
why are these passes so bad I said no no
no no no not there Oh George George best
oh you see the post-its oh how is he
getting through here no no no no no this
ball I should not have made it to him
what we doing down here
so what get rid get rid of that which
get wind up please
yes big head big head go go go go go go
go go go let's run run run
just keep running run it oh great time
great ton nice nice right blame through
and then
oh he's sub wait oh great turn what what
what was then Weezer
I need to shoot I was again these
chances don't left ugh don't let turn
like that I was he good round great
tackle bug
I need not now he's getting these
opportunities my keepers coming out
Keeks thank you I swear this guy's lag
switching because there seems to always
be really one for a lot that we seems to
be lag when I'm running forward but when
he runs forward nothing while still seem
to sift through blue ball what what who
was like cuz I want to bring him off I
think it was Remy what the Frick what
look please this isn't making any sense
literally he's just he just gets the
ball and shoots and my players cop
hearts please claim in alright you know
what George best George first like that
how does out of he tackle me there and
yet I can't tackle him doesn't make
sense does it I up in Shaolin no no
words an hour
I can't I across anything I don't want
to stay on this I want to just get back
into the game and just turn it round
leighton baines is keep it up with the
legendary George best please please
Gradle please please please please let's
know we're past it know there was a guy
pray in front of you and you didn't pass
to him he fires my brain so much
sometimes because it's so obvious where
it's men ACOG guys we've had to go
attacking like I have to I have to go
attack him how is that what the get rid
oh this is so horrible please I just
need one goal and it will turn one goal
and it will turn and I know it will and
we all know it well but I can't score
right positive right back in you know
what George best George Brett how you
missing the target you're George best
why can't I just win the first game I
played well why is it so hard why why do
I have to make it more difficult than it
why can't I just get a ball and now I
even have a chance right
oh I know that's a pen doesn't play a
trip me riff he tripped me yes
oh you're you're dead room guys you're a
fat banana
I got destroyed like I actually got
destroyed there but I don't feel like I
did I just didn't shoe can get past this
final defender if I keep winning than
losing than winning than losing I will
not get promoted I will get 15 points I
get through it five wins five losses and
that's not enough so I need to win this
game and then next episode I need to win
too but going with the same team but we
got rid of X and we have when yelled him
in there instead please don't have a
sick do okay so she got he's got cereal
with a mix of the BPO he said doesn't
know where it really wants to be right
now and he's chosen the same frickin
color kids I know he's got a bit of
orange on it but it's not exactly ideal
is it possible more one more one more
you're on you're on and then you dig in
that's straight to the goalie it's a
good attack at least we're actually
having an attack we didn't have that
last time we still got it
still got it we still got it oh what a
save get back get back
tackle him tackle Nang goo lagoon no
that's not what I wanted make a tackle
oh you could have thought you can just
pass that across I am staying on the
line for this I don't care how annoying
this tactic is all right he's going to
have a good free Loki on the line
on the line and there it is listen I
play it in you do any nice that's nice
is this Remy Remy look at a place
where's the place of Remy the place see
the Lynn go please where's your brace
know that wait George George please put
rest rest are you mad
are you mad
Oh No
George George best this fall or the
judge bestest don't shush me do not
shush me if you don't stop shushing me
start I now I'm angry now I'm freaking
angry
are you serious you freak are you
freaking serious that was such good play
Oh voila they get rid get rid of this
come on how about get rid of the ball by
side by side come on please please
please no no how does that don't go in
my defense why are you out I didn't I
didn't do that
honestly honest honestly I didn't press
that Mike my keeper literally just had a
life his own why can't I score am I not
doing enough please please let up what
why is that it worked right why the
Frick didn't I score there yeah and
there's this chance and my team just
don't run to him okay he hasn't scored
but it's freaking to nil what a halftime
and dunno what's happened here I don't
know what's happened it that's it that's
gonna be it
yeah that's halftime spoon it will get
been destroyed again I just don't shoot
I can't get into a position to shoot
what is this connection we are on some
mad mad connection we are we're playing
we're playing in the sea we are
literally playing in the sea I just
can't attack while there's this lag
either
like firstly I can't attack to start
with but the lag doesn't help us nice
that's nice look at this it's only when
I attack as well this is what this is
ridiculous I was off yeah of course it
is come on why can't I get out of a car
okay okay you know what you know what we
got a job that's a foul bomb no way
wait wait bomb there we go that's it No
get off site is offside why are you
stuck for me no you're not even a
striker we're going to attack it again
guys because what like what do we have
to lose yeah and I can't tackle either
currently yeah okay great great great
there's a couple opera this is all-out
attack
that was really nice that was such nice
football there's the ball in okay no
turn around
kick look over nice nice nice nice nice
ref please can have that please get up
okay we don't want to foul we don't want
to fuck why are you doing that alright
good from it that's not a foul and now
he's got another attack and gone don't
turn back
got turn but I've read that fucking game
oh my god this guy's honestly so bad
like everything he does is so obvious I
just can't score that's it there we go
it's done we've done lost both games
today two nil and three nil I told you
guys I'm so bad at this game now since
since the patch at least I pulled it
back a bit even I lost three mil on my
own about fuck cares I need three wins
our last six games that's the so many
you know what guys let me know all right
back and a left back and I'm gonna buy
both of them as long as they're not too
expensive because I want to use that
team now just to prove it we're gonna
put up a frickin been off for 12 hours
and we're gonna put him up for that
he'll sell most likely thank you guys
for watching sorry about those games and
yeah see you next time sweet although
although poor sit why is look up for
battle Ares what the hell this is Rick
Jesse you are my ultra defensive or
something this is that is ridiculous how
many players are you gonna put back you
know what there's only one thing to do
at this
and that is Robin to finesse it no how
am I losing this game i'ma lose my only
DVD here
