hey guys before the video starts make
sure you click the subscribe button
hello hello okay everyone is away right
now so I've decided I'm gonna go away as
well hence why no one replied I am gonna
go to the tower to see chip basically
from now I'm gonna go to my parents home
and I'm gonna do another vlog tomorrow
where you'll see probably the day off
for this one I haven't been posting much
and I've been very busy if you don't
know what I've been doing basically I've
been playing a bit of football roll the
clips well we've established none of you
can Chester ball I also went to see the
Wembley Cup which was actually very sick
the only clip I recorded was this one so
as you can tell the f21 one Milton sure
that's how it works but also I went a
couple of days ago to watch the band's
citrus clouds all the two guys Matt and
Ryland so I went to see them which I'll
just play one random clip now
the whole team
basically citrus coils are the people
that make the music that I use in a lot
of outros so that like that song you
just heard I've used that in so many
outros if you want to check them out
check them out in the description
they're freaking banging so yeah I
should probably get going
although before I leave I bought these
two bad boys so basically this means I
can now block while in the car now I
know you're probably thinking oh but why
do we want to see you in the car but how
are you gonna miss out on moments like
this my logic was kind of like instead
of being at the house all the time and
going oh okay now I'm going to go to
this place cut to that place instead I'd
be in the car and I be like right we're
on the way to this place let's go we're
going to chips house let's go and you'll
get the occasional sing-alongs as well
which everyone loves oh you know what
I'm gonna get there quicker I'm gonna do
a jump transition okay ready and now
he's just embarrassing himself he's
gonna mail wanna show so I'm gonna give
you a quick tutorial right now you gotta
do it in strokes were you doing
respects in the culture you fucking
piece of shit
yeah just like that Simon in town over
your Harry sir hey it looks great I'm
fighting that shit
oh my god he's ready to devour your eyes
you ready give up
right boys round two
Oh
you're a pathetic human being
technically a chip loss you make this
shot I'll buy your food
well okay now it's like you made a shot
a legal buy a food oh no it's got bigger
lenghtening oh oh not bad not bad race
to the top Perry's got a strap how he's
got the strap unlock yeah it's over what
I know
okay reaction time are you doing good
you're doing good
oh you better man only 40 seconds left
30 seconds like 20 seconds oh boy
72 you got it that's that's the tactic
you can get a rhythm oh is that harvest
time and he's just under heaven easier
faster than that bro 20 seconds I
smashed it go get ten more five four
three two one
it's beating it well place hey speed run
by Simon reckons he's good at now let's
go oh my god Oh
oh I nine seconds or you did die in 11
seconds right down there like a friction
burn oh boy jump pet help do something
just a mop your giant mop yeah alright
now we've heard enough about calyx yeah
I finished up at the tower in Stratford
I don't you need to see me right now
come on might be really dark but now I
have to go home go back to my parents
for the next day I will be doing
something tomorrow for the vlog let's
head back to the house
and back I have to be kind of quiet as
people are asleep right now but
basically you might don't have an
operation so I'm gonna go see him now
his neck okay that's the real hub by the
way in case you guys thought the first
one was the real hook that's the real
world anyways I'm gonna go to bed now so
that I can wake up and add one last
thing for this blog because I just
bought something and I want to try it
out tomorrow but I needed to be daytime
so nervously the next day right as I
said if I have a new toy you guys saw
the I beat the flow probably know what
it is basically Harry had a drone so I
decided I'm gonna get the same drone
because Harry broke is as well so I was
gonna actually fly this around
I didn't you can tell from there that
it's very windy outside
I don't wind it now but trust me it
would be well that's worrying what does
that say do not split fun it's not
working okay so I got the new drone
which means my blogs are now gonna have
drone shots not every time they kind of
long today and also you can fly in
certain places but that is the new toy
gonna start the next vlog with a drone
shot see car mount a new drone blows it
up thanks for watching TV Tom I hate
guys like come to the telly hit me on
the phone you could run to the Sally
just watch my they looking at meetup
girl you Devon so we lay like free dough
I got my jacket for you if you attack
home swak hope I can tell like a tempo
first time I seen I miss you
