yeah what's going on guys I welcome to
the team of the year challenge I am
playing against Jesse or fangs and owner
who that is you check out in the
description she's my mom what we have
done is we have created a team our
players that we have packed during the
team of the year period to that one week
last week we have made the best team we
can using those players the loser has to
then put up a team of the year dani
alves for the lowest Buy It Now price
possible now for me this dani alves is
my prized possession is the only team of
the year i packed and the team guys the
team that i will be using all pull
during the team of the year time is this
monstrosity I mean if there's a legend
and a Baio and a dani alves it's alright
I mean the river EA the footage actually
never went out by me night I got him at
this point we also have an inform ham
chicken chili knee and normal in the air
stop act in the day before yesterday
mouth that's the team we're playing for
the man himself dani alves as I have
said Jesse is also putting the same guy
on the line but now it's time we're
going into the game here we go
alright so let's see the T many years
Jesse let oh you gotta understand a
Robin a gay well she's got quite a lot
now that I spend that much money and get
one my pack Luck is terrible but anyway
we're in a game now dani alves you are
my sunshine my only sunshine you make me
happy when skies are grey now we must
keep him
Oh g-god deal with it ya know what
what's that turn or where we go now
Jesse where we going now yeah yeah
didn't see that coming did ya do brother
get o touch boom cut pen pen what what
is that for a clearance oh my god
are you get away with that Jesse I was
just working for you tackle big no
that's not big tackle leaders that don't
foul him so far what are you gonna do
from this position though Jesse get rid
Gary Gary Gerould there's a great header
haha Ribery whoop Oh what oh ok no
doesn't I didn't I meant to do the other
way how is that words up big tackle Oh
No she's go away she's go away come on
tackle him like a little great block
that's a great block no that's not
that's not great posture one goal could
actually witness see my biggest problem
is scoring so she scores one I'm a
little bit screwed because yeah I
struggle these days what the hell is
that tackle ok where do we go from here
alright she's not coming she not cooked
oh riverbed pen my black my players on
the floor very bad situation
ok I feel like I'm dealt with this as
bezels I can pop back that's dub not not
not done that well oh how are you gonna
do a frickin trick pass as well I told
you guys I struggle to score so now I'm
a little bit screwed cuz I don't know
what I'm gonna do here although although
class it twice look up for battle Ares
what the hell this is Rick Jesse and you
are my ultra defensive or something this
is that is ridiculous how many players
are you gonna put back you know what
there's only one thing to do at this
REO and that is Robin to Fidesz it no
how am I losing this game
i'ma lose my only team in the year I
pack this isn't happening now that guys
the way all right start off stage cough
Stokes milk come on where's the run
where's the run there we go
then turn back robbery river you to get
better touch there I know your past map
we all knew that's going there that's
tackle right we are dominating this game
now oh this is so nice this is so
noticeable what no that's ridiculous
how have you said that how the hell
that's the best thing I've ever seen in
my life I'm actually so freaking what's
up all what a touch stupidest look at it
look at it Robin Robin Robin Robin Robin
Jesse ain't keepin that blue and then
over the top come on run up to that when
I thank God hi wait wait wait confusion
that's fine that's fine that's fine come
on we just need one goal oh no oh no no
no no no no okay
she's done very very well but not not
well enough
that's the key part not well enough come
on Brett flip bail bail bail look how
many places go back oh you know what if
I go cut to the next clip there's the
near post run there's a huge gap there's
a huge gap you're completely alone
Goldin you're hitting the bar right I
don't know how to take these three
pieces they'll be good effort though is
it it is a good effort but it's on
target and it's not enough in the 89th
minute bail rips it in but buzz wait
wait wait no no last minute
oh my god it's won it legend stoical has
come to my rescue again
stop now stop that done it
done it's done the game is freakin done
I mean I mean can you back can you argue
with the stats there but it's done I
live to see another day my team of the
year remains in my club thank you all
for watching and supporting as I said
check out Jesse in the description thank
you for watching and see ya hahaha look
at this team the left side doesn't even
have any legends or too many years or
informs and it's still sick we have our
company we have our message we have our
Wayne Rooney and then we just fight this
up with some legends and a need for bear
and a teammate a year Danny Alvarez and
comely now we have to play against
Marian if you guys watch my channel you
know that I don't play how much so this
is completely under
