yah what's going on guys and welcome to
forfeit FIFA whoo that's right I'm gonna
be playing a youtuber also known as a
rope - sure I'm sure everyone knows him
we are going to be doing the tots kick
challenge the loser will face a
punishment so how this is gonna work we
are going to open one of these 23 card
packs take the best three players out of
that pack and then build a team around
them on FIFA play a game at the lose ass
to do the punishment if you don't know
what tops kick is it's basically like a
sticker book meets fancy football you
open packs you get players you build a
team they get points you can check out
in the description if you don't already
know what it is all right so here we go
the best three players are the ones I
get to use so I have it on my TV right
now ignore my battery % all right so the
pack is opening here we go okay continue
oh that's already one player who's a
name is sick we're not using you though
John Terry maybe Yohan Cabaye maybe okay
well at the moment I'm company that's
two that's two players I'm definitely
using those two one more one oh no Danny
Bros Wayne wasa was are you need Rawdon
enters that was a ruining it's gonna be
worse of Rooney I think is it anyone
else Ivanovich maybe hand Oh get out of
there again I think it's gonna have to
dust into the pack it's gonna have to be
where are they where are these boys
Wayne the who neat Vincent Kompany and
Philippe Coutinho those are the three
players I'm using now gotta build a
squad on FIFA which will be done and now
that it's done I feel so bad because my
team but my team is it it's quite good
haha look at this team the left side
doesn't even have any legends or too
many years or informs and it's still
sick we have our company we have our
message we have our way Rooney and then
we just fuck this up with some legends
and an info bear and a team our year
dani alves a comely now we have to play
again sorry and if you guys watch my
channel you know that I don't play how
much so this is completely uncharted
territories so hurry good luck and uh
yeah let's hope I can win and you have
to do the punishment all right let's see
the Dean Boggs team oh yeah yeah no
that's the a nice gray in it that's haha
are you brick I cause anything can I
should the Titan ah so nervous huh come
on come on summon I got this it's off
its off here we go it's started it's
already started now okay fine
let's go let's get past their paws of
that and then no how is it good luck oh
okay go - oh no oh no oh no oh oh dear
oh dear no what how's it going there
yo this card this name our Cod what the
fuck ah we got some work to do boys we
have some serious work to do after they
going wait wait stretch come boys gone
gone legit go finish finish please give
no ref he's end up eating my way right
you bitch you freakin bitch swat4 come
on Wayne come on turn in pass it in
there you go there you go
why is this a week Oh Wayne please pick
it up but has it has it has a hazard
hazard turn around
ha ha ha go Gareth come on go come on
man what the fuck that's not why did how
has he just got through me out come on
no no no big tackle big tackle come on
win that bale
hey are you serious how's that fun no no
no no no
let's stop let's stop him there that's
not a foul yeah I don't know how will
they play foot when guernsey but that
wasn't a foul man come on boom yes Celia
me oh my god Gary Neville is every
freaking where okay no no no no no no no
I know he's team of the season but come
on it's Neymar he still doesn't win
those headers please be on please be on
your on your on your own
boom just just will let you go stop my
legend bit one oh whoa ah this is a game
now nice we've got a such a little
counter-attack on bull it's done it's
done it's done Wayne Rooney Wayne Rooney
we really I fucked up I took go too big
a touch
I had such you're gonna crack it I've
just messed it all up one or my portal
should be to one up frickin Wayne Rooney
the guy had to pack as well I'm on the
left okay so take of that what you will
let's try again lad second half is my
heart wrong daddy Elvis why is the
others here who cares who what nothing
okay all right see you later
boom but what though what why would you
show that way I did not I didn't do that
you can you can check my controller
can't really check it anyhow but somehow
oh here we go here we go lamebrains can
we get whipp'd does a rip yes so wasa
was a Rooney just the guy that are
packed don't name score now do not lend
score again tackle him yes nice he loves
that little runny does oh no oh no
nervous nervous no great save legend
seaman legend man I got some legend
scene for you wait what oh no no no no
no no his Aquarius on his a gross I
don't do not your bitch
you bitch everyone saw that comment team
of your Danny Elvis man getting outpaced
by name on fail you have done absolutely
nothing for me today and now
I'm gonna you know what you know what
that's the bull that's a shocking hole
that was absolutely mean that
make make amends like a mains water what
cowboy way Gary all right Wayne Rooney
Wayne Rooney what oh oh oh oh oh right
right no we have to score we have to
score now we have to stop seeing you far
side please no that's it we've drawn
we've drawn we both take a punishment
that's it that was so like out of
nowhere just ended golden go come on
come on here we go God finished that way
wait no come on I need this goal I need
to score I'm not doing a punishment how
the hell am I not able to score against
him I'm just I'm literally getting the
chances what I'm barely getting the chop
okay I'm not really getting anything to
be honest please don't don't turn it and
not turn it drug turn poor pull my days
buzzing buzzing all right so now Oh
strike up that was the weakest shot I've
ever seen in my life slight cough
good good good no wait no ohh I'm
crumbling under the pressure
I won't be 1 B 1 B 1 B break you ain't
won't be wanting me all right I'll carry
him round storage God good your sin the
way yeah I won't even turn either of
locked hard
oh my go go no no no no no no no no no
this no I'm scoring right now I am
scoring this goal start pen away there
you go
oh how how is it you're scoring that
this is it doesn't matter anymore this
is it if I score I win right god please
do not let me down here we go top right
top right he can't hear me
no no no no no no no no mutters oh he's
on he's on sighs he's outside go go go
go go boom yeah I deserve that Harry you
deserve that you deserve to lose this
penalty and freakin hit my posts I
thought I fucked up I slowed down for a
second but Storch Club has stepped up
after missing that penalty and you have
saved me from a punishment GG - Harry
man I don't think his video will be up
today his video will be up in the next
few days so if you don't know who Harry
has already check them out in the
description and if you do know who he is
make sure you go over there you
subscribe check out his channel because
he will be uploading this video with a
punishment but that's been done for the
day be sure to check out the app as well
thank you for watching and sure I would
rather be whatever I say there's
something wrong with it again okay and I
feel like you're don't panic no I'm not
John you doesn't even make it having to
choose something like but actually think
I will see when you pick something like
yeah I think I'm gonna go with a bot bow
because because because because we're
going on a butt plug is clearly meant
for something sexual so they'll probably
be clean okay the tampon is literally
used for blood
