what's up guys and welcome to another
would you rather now I try to get Toby
today but he's too busy so we're gonna
have to settle for money are you gonna
have i'm novella bravo but not for real
me and Manny you're gonna be answering
some would you rather that you sent it
on Twitter using hashtag Manny knows
that's Manny you're learning learning of
knowing knowing is better than in what
learning do daily learning or knowing no
I'm tired of school stay in school kids
but you're tired of it
Oh DJ Khaled oh it's better than Bernie
I know that's kind of weird
hi so I'm gonna go first I'm gonna take
it in turns okay alright go first one
okay would you rather save the life of a
child that you'll never ever meet or
know about okay
okay or have a working lightsaber
now the child the child in another
country you'll never see him you'll
never even hear of him you'll never do
anything that you save his life or you
have a working lightsaber
I'm gonna sound so horrible for this the
bar a light sing of the lightsaber why
you're a horrible person what's another
thing you'll kill more people
no I'm not saying that but a lightsaber
like I wanted one of those I have to
live this dream because the child might
not get to use a lightsaber so I got
dibs on but the dead child alright I'm
up next
okay would you rather yeah be a tampon
or a butt plug hahahaha that's all it
says other were eating was there would I
rather be a tampon yeah we'll be a butt
plug
okay how about into their bow for the
same person so would I be is a tampon of
that person or the Buffalo of that
person a girl I would rather be whatever
I say there's something wrong with it
again okay and I feel like you're
dogmatic no I'm not John you doesn't
even make it having to choose something
like but actually think I will see when
you pick something like yeah I think I'm
gonna go with a butt plug because
because because because we're going on a
butt plug is clearly meant for something
sexual so they'll probably be clean okay
the tampon is literally used for blood
that's grim that is great
you don't have to explain it that much
so I had to I have to think of it
through the blood Stoke clamour
I just think of it man I just a favor
that comes no uh-uh
would you rather have sex with a goat
but no one knows you've had sex of the
coat okay or not have sex with a goat
but everyone thinks you have sex with a
goat but either you're a weirdo who oh
my god is I'd said something good you're
like hairy or you have actually done it
but no one knows so you know like it's
on your conscious that you've been
inside a go but no one else knows I
would rather have people think that I
had sex with a goat so it literally
everyone thinks you have that so like
you go home one day and your mum's a
safe man II won't leave it up to ya but
um David Cameron was inside a pink so
now it's right I'm just saying we should
all follow over Tamara he's still our
prime minister I'm just saying the
people think you've done it it's better
than actually doing it because it would
be like yeah just wallah is that the
goat screaming yeah yeah look it's
happening good yeah would you rather
have no knees or no elbows I've had it
in the Q&A where I've tried having no
elbows so I've tried drinking like this
and he doesn't work I've also tried
having no knees as well and I've never
the run you have to run like no you're
still bended you're still bending so to
go over my bed and it looks loose from
you yeah you got like you go like flip
yourself over like but I can't go I
think you could get away with not using
elbows like you just have to you know if
I want to look at my phone I just look
at it like this no but then let
everything's got to be like that far
away from you yeah yeah but you know
that's fine I would prefer that then not
being able to ever play properly
ah true I'd go for no elbows oh yeah I'd
be a Giselle 'bless would you rather
have finger sized nipples so you're like
this that's also a bit like yeah or
nipple size fingers love you like that
ultimate humiliation
being beaten up by nipples imagine slaps
you and you're just like driving nipples
across your face as actually Scots in my
very grim when you're wearing a t-shirt
you can just see this just be Lucky's
Clips enough it's clips yeah do you know
of me save you okay so you come down the
street you see me look this is what the
scenario kak yo yo yo B oh well I gotta
get those are these even news clips
what's this what its condition enough
then I keep it moving so conditioner
like when you say it's a condition
people were like I don't want to like
across that moral ground but this is
weird
IRA just imagine it it's like you have
skinny boobs so you go for the over to
finger side nipples yeah look I couldn't
stand the side where you nipples and
that's true that's true that's true
would you rather Simon what minds their
bodies with me Oh somebody's with you yo
you do that I'll all right that's not
racist I feel like we're not so
dissimilar that exam is black we don't
do that yo wait surely it's the same no
yeah no because if we sort minds then
your mind is in my body and my mind is
in your body but if we saw bodies that
my mind is enjoy oh my god keep up are
going I definitely wouldn't your minds
within then cuz if he doesn't understand
see I'm in here yes exactly I think is
was that intentional I don't know shit
yeah I see that's nasty
if you meant last met you need to get
outside haha alright so for my final
question I asked Josh this I'm gonna ask
you as off okay so would you rather eat
chocolate flavored poop or poo flavored
chocolate
what's it gonna be what's he gonna be
look at the concentration on his face
Oh Lord oh oh wait oh he's all his
strobing is poo flavored chocolate you'd
rather poo flavor chocolate yeah wait
what yeah
so you rather easily it tastes like poop
shit no I said wait so you rather eat
chocolate flavored poo yeah okay it's
squishy and my apply lumps of chocolate
flavored sweet corn in there or
something
ah relax no no I'm taking it oh yeah
yeah yeah but you're putting poo in your
mouth what about like the the toxins and
chemicals in the pump we have McDonald's
yeah
that's not poo there's there's definite
shit in there but I find a one for Manny
here we go would you rather yeah go out
pesky Joaquin Benoit yes the thing about
is carefully why why don't I think about
this carefully because when it comes to
it's not gonna happen when it comes to
the sensual side of things you have to
think about who the affair would be
worse with oh oh no my lies to go be
small oh my
but the whole thing of beast came from
Heskey he's definitely packing hahaha I
think you've given this too much thought
nah but yeah the size of a confirm oh
yeah yeah I think I have to go
Heskey I know I confirm well I know he's
cool but not in that way
he's gone everything but I want to be
here I'm in a way of HIPPA by days yeah
Heskey like a big softie though you've
thought about it
alright so a ski if you're watching this
money wants to hook up right so that is
all for would you rather with many
thanks so much for doing this and I yeah
if you don't know mani check them out in
the description subscribe while you're
over there that's all for today see you
today oh oh my god oh my god nice
yes the slowest go ever well I mean it
was fastest in the third minute but you
know what I mean what the hell was you
just got to keep keep skip boobs great
to know okay
this is gonna be a high-scoring game it
seems doable I see let's go let's go but
lassie come on no that's nice oh nice
okay and then wow that was
