yo what's up guys and welcome back to
the very best I know I am posting this a
lot again but I feel so vested in and I
really want to get the Division one ask
you guys for a player to get top comment
add the legend that I got well
unfortunately guys I don't open packs on
this account because I don't add fifa
points or coins so he's not on this
account I can't really add him but there
was another comment involving one of the
players that was mentioned last time and
tip and we've got him please the French
team is almost complete look at it three
more players right back left back and a
goalkeeper but been offer George best
has to play so let me know who to buy I
think it's the were like 5,000 points of
get promote last time speaking of
promotion we are in Division 3 this is
the first game so Squad is changed a
little bit I know but let's do this
guy's and the team in Division three as
a few in for cannot the best-informed
still good but not the best division 3
is uncharted territory
so we cautiously cautious ok you just
play it around the back until we see a
chance yeah fuck now let's just go let's
go let's go oh no come on oh my god oh
my god oh my god let's go stop us the
slowest go ever what I mean it was
fastest in third minute but you know
what I mean what the hell was he just
got to keep keeps give coops greater no
okay this is gonna be a high scoring
game it seems go velocity let's go let's
go velocity come on no that's nice oh
nice okay and then wow
that was the longest okay wait wait
there's still watch up I didn't pass
there I passed it to the person right in
front of you
gonna turn back I know you're turning
but we all saw your donut that should
have been a nun go get rid get rid
though oh we get a score there um no oh
that's a goal no he's actually sweating
it then his attack is very very good and
my defending is not oh my god stop stop
so I stopped this plays in my
goalkeepers way that's that's off-site
he's effective way how is it keep his
player is just play was in front of much
he's obstructing view that's offside
no red pen wait wait boom who was that
do not who was that he knows he's not
getting as much game time because of
Gradle so he's trying his best
oh no that's offside that's a side
that's of Silas's that's a habit
something offside oh my god why can't I
defend against this guy go go go go go
go go go go go go go go George George
okay wait poss-eye poss-eye poss-eye
there you go thank you touch but dumb
that's why I won't Gradle with my team
wait do we go here we go this is it
final jocks okay philosophy if you
scored that you may have started the
next game right we whip a ball in there
keep us not come out you've got it boys
see the chops in shells and go ready
ready when you Adam oh my god oh my god
it worked
Oh what just before half-time we get a
third it's for three a half-time what is
wrong with both of us to be there with
them very very clinical hi here we go
second half come on where are you going
what the hell what the hell what the
hell with the Frick oh my god oh my god
he's so fast he is so freaking fast okay
where do we go from here where do we go
with it
where's the run where are there you go
they go boom well she al please I could
have taken a touch come on please please
please please please please you know
what bang-won
how is it safe that was ridiculous hi
let's do this guys let's go we need to
go right now we need a go literally this
white lie there okay
kind of work that kind of purge is work
pretty well it's worked very well you
know what no I could have turned that ah
this always happens like a scored first
I actually didn't get dominated but he
just scores every it's what everything
pretty much screwed everything
and here's another chance for him which
he's going to score because he doesn't
seem to miss these and okay good sake
there it is guys lost our first game
already of division three actually
upsets me as well because I'm playing a
lot better players now and he's had that
day where just clicks you know and I
actually learn how to play this properly
one game down we need six wins to get
remote and we're back to the original
team we are back with Remy and Gradle
and Piatt and for me no we ain't playing
no games now apart from FIFA we're
playing play fifa but that's my game and
he's got a very very good BPL team like
come on guys with some tickets the beat
Queensway FC hi we have our first little
attack players and through and then he
turns in and then finesse get tackled
don't have a shot get the ball back my
voice is gone ball in the keep us not
out good effort oh oh oh come posit no
not bad your little Egypt tink come on
Oh breath you trip me come on come on no
no no no no no no no why we're really
struggling to pass right now we're
really struggling just take your time
take takes time take time
tick tick tick tick tick tick time take
time just love Remmy man he's so good
play it pauses it in and then all the
dummy the dummy leaves off and then
today and if that wasn't shot that might
work hi max Gradle he's play okay yeah
I screwed up my screen up ref ref ref
you serious
that made me sound like more of a dog
like forty fifty milk my laptop the last
chance of the half a little run got a
little run with George best you know
what we're gonna pass it up cause Paul
moves faster than the players remember
that's how you say you have to work
remember goal but it's half time now and
he has no shot not for me now give me 45
minutes then you might be able to oh I
see I is Eva trades me he comes on now
for the other team oh what a ball that's
okay got it well it what that's a nice
trick there's a very nice trick but lost
all again but I've got it back George
best doesn't score alright here we go
this is this is it this is it this is it
this is it plus thats not that's not it
now it's not it now 100% that's not
where I want to do definitely darmian
come on Erikson come on Ericsson I the
dangerous position you ready for this
look because now if I do this roll
across and then George best there's so
many frickin bodies in the way there hi
where do we go from here where do we go
come on all right
we knew that we actually need another
goal now we need another goal so
crossing in the way that is it
we'd never score from crosses we should
score from crosses Erikson no we need
one more goal this isn't
I'm not comfortable right now playing
pause right there you go no come on
George please I'm so tempted to just
time-wasting oh I'm tempted I'm actually
I might I might I might actually have
two guys I might actually have to I
might I can't can I
no what am i doing that's even worse now
now he's got an attack oh no okay okay
miss that done it Mads we've done it
with action he why me yes maybe Division
three isn't as tough as I thought still
tough but you know at least winnable I
deserve to it first window yet which
means we have our first three points in
Division three two more games next time
let me know you want me to buy I've got
like 5000 coins right back left back
goal keeping our French thank you guys
for watching and see that's how we make
one day I'm gonna blow up so I'm a
terrorist now I don't understand what
kind of movie is this little romance
filled shit I know I want to join Isis I
don't decide it's just sure though it's
it's so bad ah so why is it's a rumor
