yeah what's up guys and welcome back to
that's right normally I only take the
top comment with one player but this one
had so many likes that I have to do this
one obviously I said I'd have enough
coins so I will wait till the end of the
episode and the end of the season to buy
my first player we have two games left
in Division four
and we need to win both to get promoted
because we got cheated last time let's
not waste any more time let's just get
straight into again we don't normally do
this we normally do something before the
game this time we're going in
what the hell only looks a bit special
but come on the wrestler team wow I have
to win so here we go come on guys let's
do the ting do the ting guys ha ha ha
max cradle huh Oh Kate no didn't really
mean that there did I I just didn't mean
that there today Barney all right stop
this stop this now I just I just found
myself fat why I found him I found
myself but he's given me a free click
against me seen him throw sooner through
George best you know what George best is
George best even-even sliding he gets a
good shot Oh Ref well no no I didn't
mean tomorrow we've done the past though
ok George best is in their judgment buzz
all right friend me we're gonna do from
here we're gonna do we're gonna do yeah
all right all right
and then BOOM notice no are you serious
or pass it down one and then fosset
George go done it's done it's done see
you can see how early I left that
control of that when it's two abreast
you know when you know you know when you
you don't need to learn with George best
you know tell him Khalid is better than
Bernie ah this isn't part of knowing
though this is that's not part of it
that's that was
oh no not really sure what he was going
for there but we'll take it thank you
thank you
boom go that's a really really good
finish all right we made it to half time
to nil up doesn't it look that uneven
but trust me
I deserve to oh no he's outplayed means
outplay me and there's a goal right to
put game on Oh George you know what
George best it does left foot
that doesn't count okay so you knew
first I please there's a shocking
shocking ball with I'm literally so ah
I'm so through so many times I just
can't get that final pass all right
turn turn him go blazing blaze him so
blaze more go going max cradle go sir
max plays more gone George Josh what a
finish that's his left he's learned now
he knows ha ha ha ha
what about faith not a good shot though
now I can do the balls are not the shot
that mad Matt didn't say that Oh No
Williams has pace Williams has pace is
gonna cut in he's gonna cut in else how
is it housing even gone that's a sight
they favor the EA gods have favored me
look at him look how many people we has
forward I know he's gonna know there you
go what a challenge max cradled Arceus
way through everyone dancing his way
back post seen him there
he just went through the net lost one
down still another one to go but that's
the first one done if I draw I may cry
because then I will be one point off of
promotion I have to win again you all
played well you're all staying this guy
has a Leeds kit and a Leeds but Anna
Leeds everything and his team is nothing
to do with leads so why do this guys
let's go there you go gone but our place
please please that's a book no that's
not why did you what I know I pushed
shoot but did you really go for that go
on George George best George best
whose angle am i applying his defense is
actually very solid I know he's an
immerse I can slow but his defense is
solid right although they say breath
okay I was through by let you off if you
sent him off send his ass home nothing
not nothing ha ha ha Marino Marino
Marino + thickest ball who was that that
touch was insane geez Familia with a bad
boy touch ready ready ok that's not
where I wanted it but is that what oh
what a turn not have been out of an
awesome forget that forget that you
offside move on bus and through and then
finessing near post nice there we go
that's positive skies that only you
understand what this means if I win this
game but we get the we get promotion no
no no no oh no we're not getting
promoted lads what am i doing at the
back it's disgraceful there's our chance
here's our chart here's our freakin
chance let's go right you know what we
turned in to where boom
there you go and then BOOM and then you
finesse it what's it run what's up you
are the man whoa hard time it's three
one up we just the stats even say I
deserve it this time don't be stupid now
do not be stupid Simon defending like it
tomorrow
one what no no no no no no no say keep
it going keep it going keep look at that
look at the intricate passing come on
poppy compute the parcel go that's a
great turn you know what
but a pen pen I need to score this end
one three months if that's even a word
to asbestos done it of course yeah this
is right but you know for one I'd be a
fool a fool to waste this right you know
what possibly okay that's not really
gone where I wanted it but it's kind of
work it's worked it's worked its works
you know what ref ref ref up air kick
come on mate you got ten minutes
what you gonna do we what what are you
gonna do what's your game plan all right
where do we go from here where we go
where's the run George there you go you
know you're not really making much of a
run George but I guess you don't need to
bat post see these throw that's not flat
putt no I mean it was it was like middle
post that's not even there's not even a
middle post so I make as much as I like
you for an leads key and everything I
had to win I had to it was to promotion
it is done we have promotion we didn't
get the title we were one win away which
we would stolen from last time seven and
a half thousand coins what we just got
we are now in Division three and we have
managed to find a cheeky forward four
thousand three hundred the only one in
the market leaving our French squad
looking like this okay I'm a cellphone
offer I know I bought him recently but
George best has to pitch somewhere thank
you guys watching and see ya
well well yes I don't know he is stoic
oh I don't know who that is but it I
guess I got Charles look no way Coulomb
arouses up for this but if I am correct
that is the best legend I have ever paid
so there are no complaints from me six
80s okay he goes through about 680 I'm
going to bed I will pack a blue tomorrow
okay
