yo what's going on guys and welcome back
to yes they is right we are back with a
very best I haven't done this in a few
days coz of Team of the Year obviously
which I'll Pat loads of haha I wish I
had some obviously right now we have our
BPL team but we are obviously building a
French team top comment today a boom Ben
Arthur so obviously we go and buy him
and done right so we put him into the
French squad and look how this team is
doing right now look at that that is the
squad right now Pat 69 one problem with
this George best has to be in it I'm
sorry I'm sorry he has to be as part of
the series but for now this is the team
we're using and we are going into a game
in the division Oh two wins today and
I'm promoted one win one loss and I am
one whit away from being promoted two
games left so I'm aiming to win both
games and get promoted so that next
episode I can get the title I have to
win one today and the opponent has a
standard BPL team alright BPL be BPL oh
I see you resting you got on your mind I
know he has a good defense but how is
his attack that's the question oh god
his attack is good okay it's shooting
may not be but his attack was good come
back here you little poo why is I was he
getting through there Oh No
kicks great punch alright George when
that when that please great head up run
around with George best you can t keep
up he got of course the cotton but can
it now he can't read that bad boys wow I
I don't really know what to do there we
go and then lay off let off and then I
returned catch me absolutely no sense
oh I need to stop his attacks please
getting too many of these know where
they get done there go run run no no no
no no no what what's the pace what's
your pace George oh my no holy cougar
how is he getting all of these chances
tackle him please no that's not foul no
he's gonna fillet off escape the loafers
go over there he's good how many how
many of these are you gonna do yeah yeah
they go that's what we like good
defending boys little attack go on come
on George come on what's the run what's
up there's absolutely no one in there
there's no one in there you know what we
got bowling anyway those of all o great
Earl if you were a little bit taller and
a little bit faster a little bit nearer
the pool and you actually had it that my
good name are the like the like the like
crow what's a safe why is there like
what I like
please come on
Lee I am literally getting peppered I
don't mean that in the weird way that it
could be halftime and I'm just I'm
really destroyed I'm not gonna lie to
you guys
I am being absolutely shattered that's
thumbs up as long as I'm not losing I
guess it doesn't mean okay we actually
have Chelsea Chelsea of chance we have a
chance to turn up first
ba-ba-ba-ba words and so undeserved but
you know what who cares oh oh see me
buzz I okay oh they actually would flip
no wait tick suction but I couldn't even
see the ball for a second don't touch it
do not touch it
what Oh pop it one more - wait yo see if
you can survive the wave of pressure you
know it will turn and favor you in the
future I judge best just best to address
with the top of the top round round
another what the same guy what human
school from there George
alright somehow I have found myself with
I don't know how but ah oh
quickly oh please please I don't know
how I've managed to find myself one nil
up at this moment in time oh no oh no no
corrects I keep going to defendant keep
defending keep the better keep defending
keep keep going keep going
thank you Oh No get rid all my days are
you serious you see that's the goal that
he scores with out of all of his shots
ah now momentum will go his way and he
should realistically win this because I
made the same mistake twice he's got
another free kick I'm putting someone on
the line a happy accident
I said get rid get rid get boom yeah
bitch I should have done that the first
time just stop - I didn't mean it I
didn't mean it honest do it what way
doing that right why didn't you just
take your time that's game it's a draw
why not you know what with against that
guy I will take a draw because I deserve
to lose I just wish he scored a better
goal than that I mean that sums it up he
deserve to win that drew literally has
no effect on me I still need two wins to
get promoted or well to be fair if I get
a win and two draws then is I still get
promoted well we need a win now we're
gonna go with this team now okay we've
changed Doom Beyond and we've changed
our midfield a little bit see if the
pace of doom Mia can mess with someone
all right so we're playing against the
best
how ironic a who's really the best I'll
keep the ball let's play smart at this
time like this look look how smart this
is this is so smart so smart
well I know that should have passed it I
mean oh wait wait I still got a chance
dude rest boom go doc he hits the ball
so many times dammit buff oh what a turn
why didn't I pass we'll take it we'll
take the who could pay that go that was
lucky
gosh oh this guy who's the best you know
you can't call himself the best and not
play George best get to him get to him
get to him don't let suit
that's not how does it go - how's it
okay let's go where we were to go from
me
that's not good that's not not done well
they're do Mia you've not done well
you're not really not done well okay get
rid of this let's go
counter how's it gross Oh things up oh
great all your touch is terrible you
should ask odd you should ask oh my god
Oh
what I don't know how great is getting
these chances come on Alana good luck no
wait lalana are the dog boom shaka love
side oh he's made a mistake you've made
a mistake
that's so my butt Oh George what are you
doing right bleh whistle ref blows
whistle get to halftime just get to
halftime get to half time no I see the
run I see the run to see the Varanasi
Varanasi the run get rid that is
halftime done good half lads I mean it's
just the other way around except this
time I've actually scored that doesn't
make me hopeful of winning what the hell
no no no no no no no no no no go big
tackle that was risky I shouldn't slide
in the area remember that Simon
oh okay plus it plus it one more right
good job yup breath just just bad George
please this is pretty much to end the
game well kind of almost but go ahead
we're gonna top right he's made it
smaller he's gone hahahaha
the chance is on you know what near post
smack oh my god
oh my how am I not scoring to stop this
attack stop the attack great challenge
look at that look at the determination
of my players you just can't you can't
fathom it
you got the come on get there please
please please determination
determination boom boom
big touch big touch he can't keep up
with the pose we're good yes yes okay is
technically an own-goal
but you know what doesn't matter win or
the replay let's just keep going three
meal always trying it he's trying it
where you go make again I sort of
thought now we have a little counter
attack on little counter attacked on
play min run run to beer run look at the
pace they'll pace up Dubya
little place whoop okay doing really
well no we can't we can't of it why is
he so quick he's actually quicker than
me wait get rid pass it pass it
no get No he's gonna pass it how is it
how has he got chance from that he
almost scored because he ran half the
hips as goalkeeper big touch big touch
gone and then lay off wait wait I could
still make this I can still make this
like alright there it is for know what
is one win down one more to go what the
hell was just happy why is there no why
it's gonna leave it's gonna leave lit
its left Ultimate Team it was for Neil
the game it ended you serious that
counted as a loss that's it for today
that's it I'm good don't don't leave any
that I have any coins left because I
spent on one bed Arthur two games left
next episode then I can afford actually
yeah let me know cuz I can buy them in
the end of episode I hate you so much
thank you for watchin hands see you it
is your turn I get a blue tie gets keep
it sure has it at least Josh clean house
was single blue light oh yeah yeah you
go back mm you'll see you're lucky right
you're lucky wait I'm lucky for you when
I'm sitting next to you okay not when I
open them it's the one come on please
come on please give me any more about a
you
