what's up guys I'm welcome to 100k packs
with me and Josh we are opening not five
not ten for ten
we're opening ten Evan in 10 o'clock
five but ten I said not five not ten but
we're opening town where every ten
hundred K packs right now you get blue
finally I'm not gonna get but I haven't
got blue yet and I'm it's bad time it's
Friday we're at the end of the week yeah
you're not blue a week it means it's
gonna happen so I'm gonna get one of the
hardest ones to get
yes happened to be us two now those and
now the Blues well yeah well you're
gonna see now okay so yeah let's do this
All Right see you ready for these
hundred came back really I'm about to
take off I'm so excited this you should
get those thing no man I normally get I
need you so mated I don't normally yes
an 87 rated to be honest so the time
lucky
well we'll see you open the next pack
okay all right it is your turn I get a
blue tie gets keep it sure has it at
leas Josh clean I haven't got a single
blue like oh yeah yeah you go back to
house you'll see your lucky right you're
lucky
wait I'm lucky for you when I'm sitting
next to you okay but when I open them
it's the one come on please come on
please do you mean about a are you
serious I think yeah I gotta say you
guys - I don't like him I love him and
boy
alright that's quite sick so I oh not
too bad to me it tastes it ready for a
lot two packs
wait baloney I'm so ready please as far
as I control them he's in the head
bullet what your faucet why did you
order a parcel
I know a little you shouldn't open oh
this is all the wrong movie no no this
is yours
yeah that quickly God feel without come
on alright try like some luck some luck
tak what you do what what what sir luck
what bring you to that phenomena in line
nothing it's not going good want
something flaming your brain look like
we'll make you invisible oh yeah yeah
she doesn't see you yeah yeah your paper
these were your own Zeroni cronut that's
that is 50 euros plus about two and a
half pounds with from them
it comes out corner really yeah they
make it - yay one holy dude I wasn't
even on screen come on throw it it
starts by oh my god Schneider Lynn
I'm not use going strip club but I don't
do this shit oh my front money of people
again oh come on King bro but don't make
I so we are an account - and I'm gonna
turn this into a 500k pack okay so I
have no players rated above 80 in patch
so any players I get now store too close
you see em again and I see them all
again face away long yeah
so you're my guide do you have the guide
missus is troubling times alright how do
I come up right boom it takes a while to
open your seat and make it raining
scream boo that's a good one that's a
good one
it's just not I notice it's not either I
mean it is good you you you'll love it
okay so done oh yeah okay no no to dust
toilet you know James liquor screen a
bit of that work on so many packs come
on hey
who's that
try the future I really who you confuse
me a little bit I mean all I would say
is perfect pet and your store to club
all right done boom done
okay forget it oh I'm I'm I'm going to
read it I can see your frustration yeah
: so much of my money what that's good
still is it the same play up no no no
it's not okay
do you mean as good still is it good or
not you know what don't tell me don't
tell me you two Pat's I don't like a
single blue well have two blues you know
I mean I have a peg on that I've seen
that's true that's true
and I still have a backbone based on the
fact that you haven't made a noise okay
so sorta Club I'll scroll so little
scroll they'll scroll and then yet now
Club okay final pact aha please file
back five come on all right
please yours off be spot on I'm standing
okay please come on come on this
terrible isn't it yeah right still a
stick loves to hit you that one in it
really do I get pity yeah
felt great eisah based on your reaction
I've got a lot of players super you had
a lot of players not by migrated oh no
three two one
move Oh lookey your winnings this is
what you are dancing very happy about
them
girls I'm not happy but you didn't show
Ben Collins how you doing yeah yeah sure
what is this yeah you're full of shit
you've been robbed I've been I have
spent so much money and I haven't enough
to show any of it because it's been so
shit what I love you that would be happy
with you great he's out there getting
blues from George or my hat to you about
that there you go that looks terrible
yeah I'm probably hey give me a spin I
point my came out there
yeah the only reason your life don't
like this anymore
yeah next one would you rather um stupid
hat yes would you rather have chocolate
flavored poo Oh flavored chocolate
actually sounds quite easy what I think
we discussed it in GTA video once what
ultimately do you want eat poo that
tastes of poo don't have taste
