min-suk many Zach does whatever Manisa
does what's up guys and welcome to a
would you rather with Josh purple Shrek
purple Shrek yellow I got a little Tufts
so I asked you guys for some tweets
asking us would you rather 'z and we're
gonna take it in turns to ask the other
person and then basically call them an
idiot for choosing whatever else they
choose so the first one is would you
rather have a penis on your knee or on
your elbow and it's another penis it's a
second penis isit chiseled jaw actually
I can duel will yeah but depending on
where you have it whatever I both know
you get one you got the same I want
three why only go elbow elbow yeah if
you had on your knees can't like that's
my football like exactly your
bubble-like but you could like slice
tackle someone and it would hit them
that's a squeeze box I don't know that I
feel like you like you put with an LM
thinking about would you rather get
fucked by a horse
okay oh fuck - no hi this is what I was
talking about whatever else I choose I'm
gonna get weird looks
well my life to learn I don't know but
I'm afraid if I get but my horse I die
if I get fucked by Ethan you die want to
die at the horse and it's not exactly
it's no exactly the best way to die or a
loss Ethan choose you mean horse de
--then
exactly that's a good way to decide
gonna have to be turning it a one
confirm I will will go away from the set
where did you even get that from room
has many things in it
would you rather know when you're going
to die all this wow you're going to die
this always comes up so it's time to
answer when you say when you got all
this time you can't leave me tomorrow
that legally no yeah and you could find
out that it's in three hours you know
how but then how could be brutal
depressing could say like you know drive
an illness you know I was like 2 years
of like is getting depressing now which
one
how will when when i went how when when
when tired rather choose when you die so
okay right so i'm the fuck it look who
you would you rather I mean takes
personally this happened we drop the
iodide that one option yet it could be
like or you dies do you think about it
sure well then you die I'd rather you
die you don't ask the question yeah
you're saying is if I didn't have the
right answer okay well as the second
option all it leads we're bankrupt and
disbanded completely they just didn't
exist anymore or owe me or leads I don't
know the thought I'd say leads go
bankrupt in this span but you lie would
force you to become a lead fan how could
I be a lead signing exist you'll be mill
family no but it's like there's man
United and then there's that like United
FC which is there like fans club leads
would make a Phonak AFC leads yeah
something like that
and I feel like the forerunner and you'd
be there me Lou be there going my life
is devoted to this club now oh no yeah
the only reason you're alive don't like
this anymore
yeah next one would you rather um stupid
hat yes would you rather have chocolate
flavored poo Oh flavored chocolate -
ants quite easy what I think we
discussed it in a GTA video once what or
ultimately do you want eat poop let me
actually taste the poo don't taste like
I hope you don't or you don't what you
want to taste chocolate it's quite
simple to me but you're putting poo in
your mouth okay close my eyes eat your
chocolate if it has that it has the
texture of poo I don't know what a shit
I don't want poo feels like you you can
see it though it clearly won't take it
won't feel the same as a chocolate bar
is it a dry poo is it a wet poo it's
fresh oh no it's a booze booze oh no the
Alcala is it nice chocolate it's it's
nice chocolate bar so also
to make these up poop Google now you're
bringing internet in searcy no I don't
know I don't know I've never improved so
I don't know if you'll catch a disease
disease me can poo don't know you don't
know what who tastes like who could
taste like chocolate I don't want to
reach that though I'm sure I want to
stick with what I know I'm sticking with
chocolate but you're now betting boo in
your mouth at my pool you're - who's poo
is it it's is it hot girls poop my poop
I want chocolate flavored poop ah yo
Depot let's go okay so this one's got a
weird
would you rather jump out of a plane
done that whilst okay simultaneously
sucking a guy off or have sex are both
of your parents mad it has to be the fan
I kinda wanna know what your arse is
going to me it has to be the fuck are we
to explain like the situation okay so my
logic behind this how do you envision
yourself doing this in video my cell I
picture myself so I'm gonna go hey it's
the whole budget exercise come on my
logic is if you have safes about your
parents personally that's weird that's
no well weird but you're also your dad
is a guy so if you're having sex with
the like now you're a good point you
made it so that's like ask okay we take
it to take out the mom still you've
always taken out at that yep
oh you fucking fucking your mum or you
don't have a plane and suction a guy off
you know I'm it's fine extra player
circulation but weird now is the plane
in it you can see the argument could be
you can enjoy the plane falling and you
would be thinking about the the you
would the action you're doing you
wouldn't see the ground you leave a good
thing that would you know but anyway no
get into I mean and see the ground you
just see the belly or you can see his
bicep if his dick is on his elbow no no
would you rather be the guy that
releases coincidentally illuminate or o
be the guy or be the guy that everyone
ships something not uploading it so
basically you're saying whatever I
rather a release illuminate or just be
me and not release it yeah I mean yeah
just release it yeah yeah hi her they do
how to hear news it's already been
confirmed
well okay 2016 its out this year
apparently
what do you mean apparently you tell me
why is there elephant in your mouth
I was just addressing the elephant in
the room ah yes that joke rim really
well well well would you rather a
booking this yeah at your any
transportation Oh
change agenda every time you sneeze I've
heard that bit I've heard the gender say
walking everywhere so if you want to go
to LA well you could you can't really
i'd have gender changing test it out go
ready yeah okay sure
well I feel I had a sneezing fit your
ones like your constant a toner I would
just constantly carry pepper with me
because you have ever makes you sneeze
you want to change don't know know that
if it happened and I needed to change
back up I go oh done are you imagine you
changed and then you can change back
yeah that's why I'd be like the pepper
man cuz sometimes no I wouldn't be
that's no Sam no
alright my final question is that's not
what snow where you plug that in no no
my final question is would you rather
it's your hobby
what's your parents have sex every day
for a month every day for a year or join
in once every day for a year or join in
one yeah yeah like what the MA never
after better like the first time you saw
her it would be horrible
yeah the second time would be equally
quite bad so fine a hundred times you
know this isn't normal now it's a
virtual doing they would kind of mess
you up a bit in the header pit if you
spot if you joined in once I not your
scarf in your scarf life anyway even one
you do but joining in is like genuine
these going for life but every night
just it might a minor they might be like
no no John you go choose on I feel like
watching that's what it's more like a
long pane button then he is joining in
is a short action but still a long pain
so we really do Susan we're gonna watch
you gonna watch you'd watch your parents
upsets you're sick my god are we doing
don't sign on you you nonsense know what
happens exactly would you rather that's
the end of the queer nays was able to
cure Lassiter would you rather than a
mush thanks for flying no I'm finished
with robber ate a pie all this yeah and
so sit on a date or eat your dick love
socks then my Santa Claus gloves now
they like they or keep touching never
sad sickness well I am made no mom so
what's this oh oh this is up your butt
oh you're definitely a child more like
Mickey Mouse Eddie you hear Minnie I'm a
guy you might change sneeze oh let me
just let me just start this off first of
all when you say eat a dick oh I mean
you do you mean
no I'm human I mean golf it do you mean
suck a dick yeah I think oh and when you
say sit on a dick you made me dance a
little bit well you just want that you
could pee inside and stay on it I'm
gonna straight-up guy oh you're totally
free and go straight up trying to boil
it always talk google try to avoid it
I'm not showing about this explain your
yet envision yourself again
it was exercise explain your situation
what type of pie is it if your favorite
pies won't be because your wife spicy
you have an item in the other way I'll
see you okay well my thought behind baby
dick the ants mad I like I'm not gay
there's nothing wrong with it but I'm
not gay so my thought behind it when you
see the thing is it's not get your
ceiling is it give it it's in your bomb
but you're not gay it's not gay that
hurts
do you have all the pain of it yeah it's
in your dish in your bum my thought is
if less scarring if it's in the mouth
what's in a map I know yeah and a woman
but what's in your mouth timing
nothing's in my mouth in this
metaphorical situation yeah
I'm sure you've got I think you could
get that iving I think you and I've got
dick Zimmer where you given sit down the
next day that's memories that's for what
if you couldn't eat the next day
why damage your throat it'd be like a
car seat it'd be like a warm seat it
might be boiling no man you boy
you're on the quizmaster what so if it
burns my balls yeah when I eat it it's
perfectly fine Yakushi
your petty reason with human who blows
like the first not the dick maybe I
maybe I fart on it I'm gonna cool it
down yeah I would sit on the pie that's
nachos and do what
just finally light on fire and set on a
pioneer pie done ha ha that wasn't it
all right well that's all for this
really really weird weird you rather
that's what it's gonna be cool we at
your on out it's still gonna be cooler
would you rather fuck you over I try to
say it out anyways thank you guys for
watching that you just for doing this
and yeah be sure to check out Josh in
the description go subscribe why you
over there say guys watching and see ya
don't have they actually put them in
order they actually put them in order of
rating are you serious
nothing not for ran what the fuck is
this I've only got three packs left I've
got two packs and I've got Kagura and
Varane and now I get Who am I gonna get
I'm gonna get so much
