Happy Valentines everyone and yes I am
doing a quiz - I mean obviously this is
before Valentine's Day but I'm putting
this out on Valentine's Day plan a date
in six steps and we'll reveal how you'll
spend Valentine's Day so obviously by
this time the video goes out I will
already know if this was correct or not
um I mean I'm hoping a quiz can't
dictate what I'm doing because you know
I'm I don't know I'm not gonna get into
anyway you know what we'll do it just
gonna Starks I've got three quizzes to
do this is the first one and I have to
start off by picking an outfit wait in
bed by 9:00 or in someone else's bed by
night I mean that's still a bet it's
still this the same thing realistically
I'll take either cuz you know what
that's not saying that I don't have
someone in my bed I mean look at it
who wouldn't I need to make that bed
first I mean who wouldn't want to sleep
in that it's still not very good but you
know what it'll do he'll do people would
still want to sleep in it night but I
see you see you all of you okay pick an
outfit is this for me or for her I mean
either way probably that one I mean okay
I mean I I do like wearing a suit you
know I do I feel like a boss like I wear
this I wear shorts all the time and no
socks but as soon as I put that one I'm
like oh hey look how you're doing so I
would pick that but yeah I mean I can't
pick a woman's one I can't pick a
woman's because that's that's not me
but jeans no jeans no no I you know what
I'm gonna go for a suit I'm gonna go for
a suit I'm gonna be a bad man and go for
a suit I wore a suit to the fight
I loved it I felt like a boss as I said
how long will you take to get ready Oh
honestly I think I put that suit on
don't don't I know everyone's gonna be
like oh yeah I could tell but I got
ready and I think about like six minutes
so less than thirty seconds ten minutes
less than thirty minutes less than
thirty seconds is a little bit too quick
you know you still gots to do this this
doesn't just happen itself it does
literally wake up out the shower bank
done less than ten I'll go less than ten
minutes I called in sick to get ready
all day oh my god I mean technically I
didn't work the day already so does that
count
does that count it's not really the same
it isn't that
now what will you do when your date but
what what how how can you say I'm going
on a date we don't know what the date is
wait do we firstly picking out we don't
know if this is ours is this telling me
that I'm going on a date and this all
depends on like this changes how the
dates gonna go so basically if I go in a
suit and you know I spend like 30
minutes to getting ready I won't get
poon on I really regret saying boo nun
that's like I made it sound like an arm
made of poo what were you doing your
date go to the symphony grab a few
cocktails and maybe some appetizers and
Southbridge go to Disneyland for a date
Saki and out Symphony get lost
grab a few cocktails maybe some
appetizers you know well that sounds
that sounds fantastic everyone loves a
good cocktail a little strawberry
daiquiri you know yeah we go change this
back to a dress for me next part of the
date okay so we get some cocktails we
get some appetizers where I'm gonna go
I'm gonna get a drink okay so we have
our cocktails you know we've got a
couple of Berg cocktails we've got our
suit on or a tie I've realized that the
ten minutes I said I spent getting ready
about eight of those were putting on a
tie I can't do knots what's next next
part of the date dancing I mean have you
seen me dance
making out okay
grabbing dessert I know what at me or
watching movies I mean yeah you know
what cocktails yeah sure
sounds right whereas want to make out
little blunt now I'm gonna go watch your
movies
how will you end the date get in andand
walk of shame what Netflix in my pajamas
a kiss goodnight I mean that beliefs in
my pajamas doesn't sound like a failure
you know they could still be next to you
I've been asleep for four hours by now
I'm gonna be honest guys I'm a probably
their Netflix I mean I'm just saying I
could go either way
bond with our Netflix because I'm not
gonna lie I'm a bit of a pussy when it
comes to the end of a date I'm a bit
layer like oh my god netflix good
netflix in my pajamas when will you see
him /her again I'll call as soon as I'm
home
whenever he / she calls me hopefully
soon I don't know maybe never whoo oh
yeah no I I'd probably go hopefully soon
I mean oh you got Netflix and chill BLAP
BLAP BLAP okay one my other video today
I'm actually playing Netflix and chill
or game called flex and chill so go
check that out you know leave a like you
know I honestly didn't set this up I
just thought you know this is that
that's perfect take every chance I can
I don't Netflix and children I'm getting
busy on Valentine's Day I just want to
clear up that this is all metaphorical
okay this is metaphorical this is this
isn't necessarily what I would do what
you know this is this is yeah you know
what I mean I'm just saying this this
isn't exactly how I mean no mean it
might Netflix and chill I don't know but
you know I never mind can we guess what
you really want for Valentine's Day
probably they can probably guess where
will you have your next birthday party
laser tag paintball course tea shop
movie theater my place bowling alley I
mean I think my last three birthday I'm
taking this tie off I don't think I've
done anything for my last like four
birthdays so you know what I'm gonna go
for my place there's no like a bar or
anything where is there no bar I don't
go my place cuz I mean I don't really do
anything
pick a marble character okay mystique
you looking kind of fine oh you're a
little bit blue star-lord
jokes Black Widow dead Iron Man legend
spider-man used to think was cool now I
might ease a little bit of a weirdo Loki
you know he's a low-key weirdo Iron Man
or star-lord I'm a big fan of guardians
of the galaxy but I love Iron Man you
know what there are they're both
sarcastic and jokes I'm a nerd by the
way in case you hadn't figured out I'm
gonna go with star-lord love him his
jokes what song did Katy Perry writes
about you she had more than like two
songs dark horse oh okay I said your
enemy three times in a row don't know if
I feel that last Friday night I can't I
have to sing the rest because of coffee
right now last Friday night now teenager
you make me feel like I'm living a
teenage dream that's kind of mmm a
little bit low-key pedophilic just
saying no no go for that one firework
how does that won't even go I've
forgotten
ah do you ever feel like a plastic bag
when listening to our music I do a
little bit hot and cold what like I
don't know any of her songs I buy her
name I don't know at all you're black
and it's white no way it's black and
it's what man sorry
part of me sees a part of me and the
Devon dough then then add a donor you
know what plastic bag when listening to
Katy Perry I think it was that plastic
is surefire work what TV show would you
most like to binge watch 30 rock I've
seen an episode it was quite funny
Breaking Bad
now now here we go this is gonna be a
very sit yourself down this is gonna be
a little bit of a unpopular opinion
Breaking Bad watch the first series as I
was leaving unis got to the point where
I was I was just about to leave I just
finished the first series I was kind of
like ah it's good timing you know I've
finished the first series I've left uni
and uh yeah I decided it just wasn't
good enough to carry on so I decided to
stop so I stopped after one series yeah
go boo
whoa yeah bring it on yeah anyway Game
of Thrones Dead another one oh shit
everyone's in just like this video I
watched six episodes got bored how am I
your mother
great show boom how much your mother how
are you feeling at this particular
moment a little sad cuz you know
everyone's probably dislike this video
because of my dislike towards Game of
Thrones and my own probably opinion
about breaking bad but sleepy happy
pretty chill bored hungry vengeful
vengeful no no one's hurt me hungry
now you had passed her like 20 minutes
ago bored as quizzes keeping my
entertainment levels up although I did
listen to Kate Perry and that did make
me a little vengeful I'm not gonna lie
pretty chill yeah yes so happy sleepy it
is is 3 a.m. right now hence why I'm
being really weird I'm gonna go with a
pretty chill
I guess free chill Oh pick it up cheese
oh haha guys cheese cheese gets me going
not knowing that way you know in a
sexual way not like oh like I want to
melt cheese on my body not in that kind
of way and they're open cheese mmm no
cheddar Oh Gouda is so Gouda parmesan
very good I don't like cheese now I'm
vengeful any kind of cheese any kind of
cheese is good but pick it up cheese I'm
gonna choose cheddar Gouda its Gouda and
cheddar there Oh pick a fun color to dye
your hair I mean if there is this option
then I have to go for it blue it's not
really blue lavender no Orange no cherry
red that one doesn't even have anything
this is Instagram green no blue no now
everyone always said I need to dye my
hair again like another color because
I've gone red and everyone call me a
redhead lesbian don't know how that make
sense dunno why it changes my gender and
sexuality it's an understandable one I
don't know mmm not cherry red you know
what lavender looks quite nice don't
want to go green
Basia don't wanna go blue the you and I
sorry that was I had nothing against
them she don't really want to do that
you know so I'm with your lavender nice
color that's color what is your current
relationship status single and ready to
mingle non-existent happily take it
casually dating happily take in sounds
like a really really odd Liam Neeson
like sequel happily take it I will find
you and I will hug you you know does the
lame joke I'm sorry it wasn't even funny
crushing on someone in love with myself
damn you look sexy Simon you know what
no I can't do it oh you know what let's
go for the Liam Neeson oh I got Jennifer
Lawrence honesty hour is that wait so
can we guess what you really want what I
really want for Valentine's Day is
Jennifer Lawrence honesty hour
is there any holiday that wouldn't be
vastly improved by a jail or appearance
but she'd be especially great to have
around on Valentine's Day because you
just know that girl would being the best
snack I'm struggling nah it's a strong
cider she'd bring the best snacks and
not judge that your idea of a romantic
comedy has a plethora of fart jokes in
it
wink I mean Jennifer Lawrence's you know
I understand I mean I don't know if it's
exactly what I want for Valentine's Day
but as I said guys these quizzes are all
just you know they're metaphorical
they're that questionable they're there
to be questioned hence why they all
quizzes well they actually they're to be
answered I made no sense
okay you know what third quiz this based
on your Valentine's opinions we know who
you'll spend it with chose the most
important Valentine's gift okay I'm
gonna answer this life this is this is
that me so with everyone if someone got
me all of this I'm gonna be like that
one that is the most important gift they
gave me all of them boom I'm like that
one is the one that I liked thank you
for that one okay
card dead it's a dead tree chocolate
hmm you know what I've gone off chop
that a bit you know I'm not on it
alcohol I mean I work jewelry mmm
flowers candles if they smell good about
realistically alcohol for me
I'm just saying buy me some alcohol and
who knows why I'm gonna end up doing
that's all I'm saying what does
Valentine's Day mean to you
February 14 no I sometimes forget that
date so not really a day for love
Tuesday it's Wednesday actually a day
invented by Hallmark kinda kinda yeah
the day after galentine's what a day for
drinking no I'm not I'm not she's in the
drinking one I can't I can't do that
eyeing a light February 14th that's what
I've always I've always seen it as like
it's you know it's always been just like
February 14 so it's another day it might
be like Tuesday but because if I said
Wednesday I would have picked it but it
says Tuesday so February 14th we'll go
for that one choose a rom-com now
everyone everyone always says like
rom-com suck you know what rom-coms are
great me and Ethan have many discussions
about rom-coms although I actually
haven't seen many of these you've got
mail no 10 Things I Hate About You I've
seen that Bridget Jones diet seen
actually Love Actually I've seen that
I've seen that you know I've seen most
of these that she might love actually
banging film
everyone loves a bit of Hugh Grant
choose a love heart be true I love you
kiss me you're cute I'm yours hot start
hot stuff see if that one said you are a
Q T if it said you I a QT I would have
chosen that cuz you know that's the kind
of shit that's just like all right so
shit that it's good but I'm gonna go for
I'm Yours no I'm gonna go for hot stuff
script I've gone huh stuff where would
you like to spend Valentine's Day I mean
restaurant bed theater bar so far beach
I mean they're just beach so far bar
theatre restaurant bed I mean so free
you know sofa so far but what bet
all I'm saying all I'm saying is
you know that's all I'm saying I'm all
upset I'm gonna bet I'm gonna bet not
actually going back I'm choosing what
did you do for Valentine's last year I
don't see I only see can't remember what
does I do hey Carmen burr what I don't
think I did I think I did anything I
remember by now it's a casual hookup to
look cool what I'm I mean I'm not gonna
lie to you guys a common but a common
but she's a famous couple oh here we go
John John Legend and Chrissy Teigen
they're legends Ellen DeGeneres who by
the way I found out a 60 looking amazing
I need to stop watching rom-coms Shakira
and Gerard piqué no because i PK because
he's with Shakira Michelle and Barack
Obama legends are these are all legends
I mean jay-z's are weird Donny cuz you
know Cheatham Beyonce
you know what nah Barack I'm giving it
to Barack Obama's my G he is it really
is the realest G ever how do you feel
about Valentine's Day
um no no I kind of been different bit so
that's just sad angry kind of sad
hopeful it's kind of sad sad is
definitely sad excited and different I'm
gonna go for indifferent
this the weird thing is I just thought
you got you're going to spend
Valentine's alone some kind of worried
now and different you know you're going
to spend Valentine's with strangers
you'll spend out and finds out drinking
getting to know some strangers it'll be
like a Lonely Hearts Club but actually
fun you're not working for anything
serious
who knows you might even end up meeting
although one well the to getting great
no you know what I'm going to spend
Valentine's and strangers don't think
that's gonna be true because I don't
really go out much so I don't really
meet strangers but you know what that is
the quizzes that is how I have
apparently spent Valentine's Day I can I
am pretty much tell you that's not true
but you know what they take it as you
will
that's all for today thank you guys for
watching I hope you guys had a great
Valentine's Day I'm sorry that this was
a very odd video but as I said it's 3
a.m. and that's when I start to get a
little bit weird so yeah thanks for
watching both
