yo guys what's going on now and welcome
to something I haven't done in a while
it's a snapchat Q&A if you guys don't
follow me on snapchat there's the really
no point because I don't really do
anything on there but if you do
sometimes want to be involved in a
snapchat Q&A then you should probably
follow me it's in the bottom corner now
snapchat mini min7 it's there alright
cool so bad it is I don't even know what
I'm doing
now I put my snapchat up to you guys to
send me video questions only video
questions and yeah it always backfires
on me quite badly bro
what am I done look at this I would put
my snapchat for like two seconds and it
hasn't stopped it continues I need to
somehow stop this before I can record
this video when okay a fix tip for now
it keeps buzzing but they're just like
the last ones coming through so I'm
gonna go through these now let's go but
you're probably bored with that talking
now so let's actually get into the
questions my question to you is who's
gonna win the boxing match between JK
and Joella Norris well we all knew this
question was coming I am gonna give you
my honest opinion this is the only time
I'm gonna answer it in a Q&A now from
now on until the fight who do I think
will win at the moment I would say Joe
but if JJ carries on his training I
would say JJ cuz I see how much JJ
trains obviously I have no idea about
Joe but I know JD's training hard so I'm
gonna go with jjv carries that on who do
I want to win is another question that
you guys always ask and obviously I'm
gonna say JJ I like Joe don't get me
wrong I like it what JJ is my best
friend so no I want JJ to wait I'm not
boring questions out of way let's move
on to the real ones you ever met the
Brazilian Ronaldo what would you ask him
and why thanks Skrillex if I met
Brazilian Ronaldo I would say what the
hell were you thinking with this haircut
why because look at the haircut why
worth what was he thinking but I saying
that you know the other Ronaldo had you
know the little spaghetti strands as
well okay I guess it kind of makes you
stand out I mean I can't really talk can
I I look like a failed NSYNC member
right now I want you get a new car pussy
what's wrong with my car I like my car
saying that I do want to get a new car
so yeah suits shoes
I reckon I was quite close with well the
answer to that is pretty obvious yes so
you can herd win in a fight you want a
dolphin or bears in a bear suit also I
love you so I'm covering for my back
foot whoa who'd win in a fight me on a
dolphin or bears in a bear suit I would
a bear suit on him make any difference
to his fighting ability I mean me and a
dolphin would imply that we're having a
fight in water which Ethan's not good at
yeah I'm gonna go with me on a dolphin
how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if
a woodchuck look like you wow man he
spit those bars imagine JJ's factum like
that how much wood could a woodchuck
chuck if a woodchuck look like you are
you thinking about coming out with
another dish Chuck for dougie after the
one that he dropped on you honestly yes
I said I wasn't going to hence why I
didn't do one but I did think about
doing one because when deadly dropped
his second district he made a lot of
stuff up like I'm talking so I did start
thinking about doing one but then I just
thought what is the point pretty soon
all of you know that his one is just
made up also not very good I started
writing some lines and stuff but I
decided it's just not worth it stuff
like a lying prick he'd probably get
tanked tattooed on his dick if it could
actually fit you know stuff like that
like yanker tried to chat to me but I
said no thanks your vagina has a goatee
all became too much I thought you know
what I'm a youtuber I'm not gonna do
this slimy in the written I don't I'm
joking them and ya know I'm not built
for a fight Deji now I usually want to
know this okay who would win in a fight
between me and Eddie and before you guys
say it I'm not fighting I actually want
to know if the who you think would win
in a fight if you think Deji fair enough
I mean he's bigger than me but I'm
bigger than him I'm bigger than him you
know you know what I mean are you going
to do and not say for YouTube with
willing
the square is tender on YouTube will any
here today
I'm going home I'm going born final I'm
going I know I feel like it's fate
double bluff your race then double live
right there
link in the description why aren't you
doing P for 18 this year because I mean
personally I'd love to see a fee for 18
Series this year so just try to know
really why I knew this was gonna come up
so I thought you know what I'm gonna
address it now and then that's it it's
done I don't really enjoy this FIFA as
much I don't really feel like I want to
get involved in it as much as FIFA 17
also when looking at my views of last
year's videos it kind of always went my
other videos would get like a million
views and then I'd post that and it
would kind of get like around 700 K or 8
inch K sometimes it did better than my
other videos so like it was a very
limiting video is always very say me and
it kind of tailed off into nothing if
you know what I mean like I kind of I
got stuck in division 2 then I got to
division 1 blah blah blah I mean maybe
I'll do a series on FIFA but I think I
would want to mix out completely and
maybe do like a more Chris empty star
war involve actual football into it and
stuff I don't mind doing a fever series
but I don't particularly want to but I
wouldn't mind doing if I have all
football if this video somehow it's
200,000 likes I'll do a FIFA series and
I'll try and involve football as well so
I'll do a fee for football series yeah
good luck with that bitches 200,000
likes I don't mean kind of mean kind of
mean kind of mean kind of mean kind of
mean kind of mean kind of mean kinda
mean kind of mean kind of mean how to
mean kind of mean kinda mean kinda mean
kind of mean mean mean kind of
Mina Mina Mina Mina Mina Mina
guys it's 143 in the morning I'm just
don't don't question it just don't don't
question anything I'm doing is JJ's dick
big now why do you assume that I've seen
JJ's did 3 2 1 okay good point to be
honest it's a decent size
it's not small I'm just saying that
although it was very close to my face
and maybe you know I like you know
peripherals and I didn't have much like
that didn't make any sense I think my
scales were a little bit you know
tainted by the fact that it was just
there and I didn't really know it was
coming
it wasn't coming in that way yo Simon
can you speak a little bit Dutch yes
again opening - koukin no I that's
actually the only phrase I know apart
from okay desu and I I don't know if
that means anything a gate ism
do you eat us excuse me
where are your parents I mean what like
what am i men are there that's a very
personal question I'm gonna just move on
real quick how many nipples do you have
six but the others are in the cupboard
so I can't really get them right now
what's the capital of France Paris what
you expected funny answer every time ya
know sometimes that the looks mark
what's your favorite condom flavor is
this guy look like Cal freezes anyway
the joke's on you because they all taste
nice okay here on a real what is he cut
into condoms like flavored condoms do
they actually taste of anything cuz I
felt like that's really weird
I can't imagine nah that's weird what do
you weird if I tried one in a video it
would it would be to it okay nurse yeah
no I'll be really weird no don't die so
I'm thinking about it Simon hey comment
why you're gay fucking gays old I was
extremely offensive and unnecessary
there now the answer that you mean just
because I say I like all flavors of
condoms why say being bullied by two 7
year-olds who sit outside Asda part of
the Tingo the dingo spoon Dinges care
he asked me interrupts me and shouts
himself out you know I'm gonna finish
this the tingles good amazing
fine cut me off I see how is but I'm
glad you asked because you can get this
assignment clothing don't come link in
the description and also in the outro
right now wow those clothes are cool
can we talk get to the brim
