yo what's up guys we are back for some
team in a year these five players have
eluded me for the whole of today team in
a year Nativity year Noah is the one
that's not it it's a where odo dies
that's it we get where again we get
agüero again that's a good that's a
good enough player to get I'm happy with
that he's not freaking blue easy oh oh
fuck ah come on blue come on blue come
on stop it oh oh ma hsiao in four I must
inform I 40 K more than the pipes were
still do I'm a believer can either
factor dududududu oh okay okay you know
what is this an in-form using the BB oh
she does require look don't
another 402 it box boom and they're not
two of the worst ones either then I'm
great but they're not that not it's
prick again I trade him in twice and get
boy oh oh it hasn't
I got a hazard but what does he mean I
got a hazard add to fàbregas now you
made my money back but no I may have got
the informs I may have got agrerro but
no I want a blue and ei have heard my
goals 100 go boy
there are five of these bad boys so I'm
gonna try and get a blue right now here
we go
please let me get one please give me a
blue I need one I've spent so much let's
spend so much money
got nothing literally nothing I don't
want to keep any of that wow that's
really odd you know what guys I'm
leaving the room I'm not I'm not looking
at this pack
don't they actually put them in order
they actually put them in order of
rating are you serious
nothing not for an fuck is this I've
only got three packs and I've got two
packs and I've got Kagura and buran and
now I get Who am I gonna get I'm gonna
get so much okay lemon dust especially
not too bad at least seven is right but
he's lot of balloon he doesn't even go
for a hundred K I didn't make my money
back two bucks remaining you guys don't
understand how close I was to cry now
I'm close to crying again because I
can't get anyone just one good player
yay please let's though I know I want to
Ocala behind you came back really
Wacka ditch this account is cursed
which is why I have another account get
absolute shit all again Oh
five points remaining please bracket
modulus right don't complain as much
like good with racket it will take
moderate you take this aller why did
they do this to me why can't I just get
one blow everyone else has got one I'm
sitting there with big bald now though
literally just bulldoze and Martinez if
I do haven't even given me anyone good
except Lewandowski please 100 get a
hundred fucking guy your dad sends them
up past all right how is that all you're
gonna give me to pays less ten hundred
thousand coin packs and nothing to show
nothing except a freak another lowered
another lower dusky why do I want
another level dusky giggle good news
what a cig isn't it great on with this
stupid game freaking rude
can I not look look at that look at test
fàbregas thanks thanks da definitely
worth 100 K isn't it yeah does it make
sense why can't I get one one team of
the season is all I'm asking for and I
can't get it I open ten hundred thousand
packs and what do I have to show for it
to lewandoski's
fucking ridiculous - oh my god you have
any Esther you're giving it
yeah great give me any Esther give me
mod rich give me some more players that
are gonna be freaking Pullo thanks for
watching let's hope midfielders are a
bit easier to pack and see you I why am
I not getting free kicks for this right
gone in that pump there we go fuck oh
there it is butter pen
thank you finally he's quitting no do
not quit do not quit now I need the goal
so that I get the win for this game come
on George you need to score this for me
score this for Simon come on baby store
them good right now don't be stupid
Simon let's get another goal
