right I know a lot of you are probably
thinking why does he only upload the
very best but there was a reason Team of
the Year comes out today which means
there are gonna be a lot of pack
openings coming out and a lot of videos
to do with team in a year so I've been
trying to get this going as much as I
can to still probably be a little break
now anyways on with the series and top
comment today by Nasri but I already
have a lot of midfielders st. gave me
alternative Khushi el NiO Laurice and I
just want Christianity I don't know why
either
damn it cuz she only we've got him he's
a French play fit to the French team VP
elf it's gonna be PLT and he's pretty
good now I know he probably was a little
bit too expensive okay but we went there
anyway this is a French team we are
building they don't have to be BPI okay
so the next play you guys need to let me
know it is a French player top corner of
one player will be the one I choose buff
and now we're going into a game with
this team to vision for one win and we
are safe in the division with the five
games left then if we can win the second
game we one more win to get promoted out
of this terrible division I let's do
this let's see the team okay that's all
right it's right Ceri RT and we got this
ah come on let's do this guy's one win
and we are safe oh poor look ref ref
club that's not such a bad foul I whip
that in come on I don't score corners
it'd be nice if I could score one but Oh
ref how is that what I why am I not
getting free kicks for this right Dom in
that palm there we go look oh there it
is that's a pen thank you finally he's
quitting no do not quit do not quit now
and leave the goal so that I get the win
for this game come on George you need to
score this for me score this for Simon
come on baby store the goods right now
don't be stupid Simon let's get another
goal oh no no we just say us a dog be
stupid he just ran through all of me hi
this guy's all about the pace he can't
you can't deal with pace oh no you can't
deal with passing that's what you can't
do with right let's go hot pass sign out
pass it all right pass again plus one
more there you go look at this it up and
then turn in
and finesse done you can't do with
parsley you can deal with running which
I caught big touch big touch ref ref you
see this we're all tick touch wait turn
up whoa wait who is this
Dom Ian what that's my right back all
right we have an attack now we have an
attack late yo figure oh that's not good
bull that's not a good bold plating
speak Oh God when that back buzzing buzz
it in there mama well not what oh please
good touch
what on the edge on the edge pink touch
ping touch wait wait that's a foul
that's a foul no it isn't I'll take it
I'll tell you that was that pie it it
was by out with the third gold pack
alone no no idea
no that's whoever that defender is he's
a freaking hero Howard still football
how's he still got the ball how's he
just managed to do that and there's the
goal what the hell is my defense doing
does that sum it up for you does that
sum it up this guy abuses cuadrado and
for some reason I can't defend against
him why has he just tried that what what
know what that is lalana as well oh my
days my defense is shocking all see the
shops Tim wait wait okay wait wake up I
need
sadly there we go there we done George
best the fuck yes no no no no no how is
he just go through that don't bring him
down you know bring him down he's
actually just gonna wonder how does he
just get through like that okay I have
three minutes less than I'm gonna lose
this game ah state when it this is a big
big mistake how see like that how does
he get through that I'm on all that
attack and I have one person still up
there
that's not foul it's not foul it's not
that's not a foul brilliant brilliant
that's brilliant this game overs run it
this game however I lost this game I'm
actually flabbergasted at how I've lost
that I predicted the last time as well I
said I'm gonna lose then win than lose
then win then lose the win and that is
enough I don't want to settle for that I
want to win I keep doing this I keep
buying someone and not playing them
Akashi Oni is now in the team I game too
and it's this team I'm not I'm not even
like worried about the team anymore I'm
not looking at night it's all about a
player let's just hope that I'm a better
than him let's do this let's go
no they always just run at me and I can
never tackle the fine little chance they
will Chartier little chance come on when
you album come on just run just run
straight there you go
no more one more no I didn't mean that I
didn't mean that but breath then he's
injured me Oh
my days boom good effort then are you
going to mark outside the area aren't
you and now I'm free in here
don't do anything oh by the way wait
what I do here what I do
oh oh this is the great run hello Alice
what come on let's do this let's do this
Scott George you know what you know what
it's towards west near post beau George
you should be soaring at us the George
George is go ahead George uh still got
it he's still lit hoarsely scores oh no
stop stop him I know he's no I know we
all know where he's going
we all know where he's going but can we
stop it don't get a bit of pen no stop
great same phrase over Gary Gary this is
how we do well well well
Oh max cradle nice cradle what what oh
boo huh ball should be in this game for
those because that is a ridiculous ham
why there stop them stop them
that's not pen they should have been but
it wasn't but I'm not comfortable right
now I gotta give it away like three
penalties so far keeps couscous alright
no no no no no get back get back keep up
why are you not that he's actually gone
for a lot by when Adam and Adam Oh Rhett
what oh no that was gonna be a roulette
yeah that's fair isn't it I found him
via George best George best
why don't you ever score why don't you
haven't you look you just don't score
them George you just always hit the
freaking bar where do we go from here
when we what puss it in and then first
time straight to his hands on the back
that's not really one of our George
where's love up now you score now you
still you score the finesses but you
can't score with power right we have
another chance
we have another chance playing in a bowl
how much pressure is this guy want to
put on late I don't know waste it he's
like dribbling around the edge of the
area he's not really doing much I say
that and then watching school is called
already know all keepers out for me this
time see you in touch wait and then oh
then that's a that's a foul that's my
pre kick well guys it looks like we
actually won this one yeah see you later
see you later
you know that is such a bad pause it was
so easy as well now we have another
chance now it's over which means we are
safe in the division but we need two
more wins to get promotion three more
wins to the title and we have four games
left so if I can do as I said lose win
lose win we get promotion that is all
for today let me know I don't really
have many coins I'm probably gonna have
to wait till we get promoted to by
anyone that is all for today thank you
guys for watching and see ya what is the
distance between your eyebrows and
nipples about about the buzzer that is
36 centimeters that I don't have that's
normal nothing seems to be normal in
this Q&A create a new trend for 2016
right look at the biggest trends of the
year okay most of them a dance routine
service Li you have the whip then you
had the nae nae now you have the dab if
you look at it it's just working its way
up so to help me describe
