yo Josh somewhere back for another Q&A
and yes if you saw this jumper it wasn't
a bet okay but it is Ethan there's no
point even asking why I literally have
no answer so we are back for another Q&A
I haven't done one of these in a while
and basically asked you guys on Twitter
for some questions you guys gave me a
lot but next time we need a few more
cutaways again anyways into the
questions out of all of your Christmas
presents what was your favorite one and
who was it from
I think it was this book yeah that's
right a book filled with alcohol but as
a real answer it's probably a drawing I
got given by my parents it was drawn by
someone I used to go to school with
called Henry Fraser who actually drew
this with his mouth I know actually have
it with me right now it's at my parents
house but it is a picture of him drawing
it the ad said that was probably the
best present I got have you got a
six-pack well my guess is the person
that's tweeting this has seen that I
have actually gone to the gym for like
the first time ever and I mean I'm not
really want to brag but I mean I have
been working pretty hard as a deer man I
do have quite a six-pack right now ah
that's more solid than you'll ever see
on someone else
oh how do I get this off do you have a
girlfriend
no what's one thing that you and the
guys in the sidemen House fight the most
about you want to know what we argue
about right you want to know I'll show
you boom there it is this is the cause
of all arguments mainly because I
dishwasher doesn't really work I mean I
don't even know how you doesn't even
open what though deep but yeah that's
the only owners we have here's just who
doesn't do that washing up JJ would you
redo any part of life if you had the
chance if I could go back in time and
redo anything I would either do last
year cuz it was just awesome or if I
knew nothing would change regardless of
how I acted differently I had gone back
to school and I wouldn't have cared
about so much at school obviously you
care about you know what you look like
how you are what others think of you
what the teachers think of you what your
grades are like now realise obviously
grades are important but the other stuff
if you're happy then who cares that's
why I make a fool of myself every day
right sorry for the life lessons all
many questions if you were to have an
extra body part what would it be
we have an extra with a an extra leg no
oh I know I'd have I'd have an extra
head I don't like this all day although
it'd probably be another guy I don't
know this is this would be really weird
although I guess no one could say
anything about me having a girlfriend
anymore he's gone we don't have an extra
I wouldn't have an extra head
what is the distance between your
eyebrows and nipples but about there is
that that is 36 centimeters that I don't
have that's normal nothing seems to be
normal in this Q&A creates a new trend
for 2016 right if you look at the
biggest trends of the year okay most of
them a dance routine service Li you have
the wit then you had the Nene now you
have the dab if you look at it it's just
working its way up so to help me
describe the new trend this year I like
you guys to welcome ksi as you can see
about this this is gonna be the next
dance routine okay got this now next up
is gonna be BAM that's it no change
knows you and you're just questioning
what you are doing
have you actually bought jay-z's EP I
have actually keep up even great signs
as well they clip yeah so yeah JJ ZP is
out keep our act out your three favorite
emojis this ketchup stinks
this is so what am i doing God massage
me day Oh what's your opinion on the new
Star Wars I haven't actually seen it but
I've heard it's good and yes I know how
it ends
how big are your balls well a lot Ranger
Bulls you know got like this one I got
this one I've got you know an actual
football then you don't got my testicles
what is your biggest fear and why if
you're gonna go like deep and stuff then
my biggest fear is failure otherwise
snakes I used to be terrified of sharks
like weirdly terrified of sharks and
actually held a snake when I was younger
like a big snake as well and I'm not
talking about my penis is like a huge
anaconda saying it was obviously trained
now I couldn't even like fathom the
thought of that just thinking about all
thoughts in the world
remember the wraps you used to do in
your old videos how do you feel what are
you little faces you're putting next to
them are you saying what you said I
should be embarrassed about them those
wraps were fire you can find some of
them on JJ's knee pit no you can't you
can I enjoy doing those the most
probably because they actually let me be
creative give Vic a potato and say to
him with great power comes great
responsibility
okay you're the boss
with great power comes great
responsibility
I have the power by the power of
Grayskull
I don't know I'd honestly don't know
what I'm doing anymore but yeah that is
all for a Q&A tonight so thank you guys
for watching if you have enjoyed it be
sure to leave a like I will be doing
another one of these soon so be sure to
be following me on Twitter you can find
a description below that's where are the
questions so if you want to send in any
questions make sure your man thank you
guys watching and soup I have alleged
each have legends Clash of the Titans
not that one it's still FIFA let's do
this guys come on Remy you better
impress me today hi you know what George
best actually score run prepare like the
other day so why not that's not gonna go
anything early chance and so that's what
we want
uh-oh we don't want any chances for him
though we don't wanna eat other you must
literally just school from that
