yo what's up guys and welcome back to
the very best today the top comment was
actually a good comment I loïc rémy he
has 90 pace of 80 shots alright then I
bought it all I'm saying is okay time to
listen to eat Bowl all I'm saying is
long we have a BPL French team now if
you want to carry on building this team
or you want to keep going with the
French team let me know so this is the
team we're going for we have Remy up
front this time in Division four we've
won and drew are last two games which
means B win - today we're safe in the
division already then we just need two
more wins and we are promoted into the
Holy Land and Division three let's play
game and the team is legend yes he has a
legend in - informs right well because
if I have legend of Legends Clash of the
Titans not that one it's still FIFA
let's do this guys come on Remy you
better impress me today hi you know what
George best actually scored on from here
like the other day so why not that's not
gonna tell initial early chances though
that's what we want oh-oh-oh we don't
want only chances to him there we don't
want other people mostly just school
from that or little jobs no just lemon
that is a shocking ball I mean it worked
but it was just so slow get to
pressure just has so many players bats
oh-ho-ho-ho the ball through is this
this is gradle cradle cradle where we
get put it put it in there you go plus
one more yes wow you have a free-kick
thank you jack Lucia we're gonna try
something here we're gonna try the old
jakiro sham powerbomb that is not a
power on the tool please I school corner
please let's go corner please to school
corner I feel cheated when I lay in
corners the same way I feel like I'm
cheating at my school one no fool not
sure about that
tall posture there you go right and then
for there there you go in there but all
right ref bah bah
oh yes good is that a new boy is that
the swimmy
that's Remy Remy scored on his debut
this is perfect cuz now he has to go on
the attack
you know what let's just whip her fall
in with darmian what a bull what's wrong
is that all George man oh it's a corner
that's ok it's a corner is about to say
George can't miss that kind of what are
I give it to the goalie every time
towards best George best George best
smacks it across one two with the post
oh how did I just hit the crossbar and
the PLO's and still not score like that
there's a bevel we keep an eye out for
that people huh I am NOT gonna win this
game am i no no no
so undeserved maybe it was from about
here that school let's try that boom
little target
are you serious let's just tell me off
it's just hope how am I losing there it
is halftime and literally in three
minutes
and just let two goals it's so freakin
undeserved wow what do we do what do we
do here he's just his legends better
than mines and I just say that what what
what what what please be off please be
offside please be a great safe though
good thank you for saving it far side
far sighs no I can't believe it I
commonly done this I can't believe
you've done this if he literally just
let that go
that would have been it it would have
been completely through okay come on
Gradle come on look at a place looking
face poser back that is a shocking
shocking pass I need a goal now I need a
goal and need a goal far side far side
there we go there we go there we go
George best to put up no damn it now
it's over we got ten minutes and I can't
I can't get three goals in that or can't
I no I can't now it's definitely game
over look at the time look what is that
for a pause it never goes to the play
you want it to you know look even there
he's does though however I lost this
game it doesn't actually make any sense
oh god this division is horrible I mean
he pulled it back in the second half but
it still didn't deserve to win
especially not 3-1 now I have to win
this game to give me a very good chance
of promotion okay because I want to get
promoted this season not having it again
where you get stuck in the division for
ages we've brought on when you add him
instead of Erickson Erickson just feels
a little bit too slow for me I know he's
probably faster when you out him but it
just feels slower and team two is no
legend but a very very good BPL team
Oh shiii let's do this guys come on we
gotta win a game today there you go look
at this look oh yes I see a yellow is
that it right when we go we go
top left oh no oh yes
I some don't get complacent I was
winning one now in the last game no how
is he
how's it go up let's go all right Oh No
how did he just literally dribble
through everyone pass it one more one
more what look at ah that's not where
oho confusion at the back ref come on
this guy's he's not a yellow as well Oh
be careful man
Jack Wilshere with the left foot we're
gonna go there that's why did I hold l1
o be whipped up yeah
damn it no stop him stop him no I get
nervous when Wayne has it because this
guy seems to have an obsession with it
what's a ball no no wait to touch take
touch and then finesse that oh my god oh
my god oh that was probably the highest
shot ever to go on target that was what
is that all right we got a little chance
on nil charts
oh-ho jack bullshit left fuck corner Oh
bollocks yeah you're gonna turn in I'm
gonna turn in he missed I survived see I
brought surely him to score two anyway
see you know he's nervous that he's
pausing now you know he's nervous
hahahaha what a ball please be a good
touch why he slowed down you slowed
right down passed on there you go
and there the goal no yes you're
worrying me there George horsing again
he's just got even more nervous
what's he gonna do what we gonna do oh
he's not doing anything just not doing
anything oh we got photo chance
final chance final Chuck come on it's
gonna run look Oh far side no I tried
passing it off gonna give me one more
gone far side there you go
let's go final chance Remy Remy Remy
boys enough footage surely he must be
left footed for that there it is
halftime we're winning and we've had
more shots that that's what I'm looking
at right now I'm not really focusing on
stats and just focusing on the score all
right let's just keep it up and try and
get one more goal one more
I feel like it's done right you want to
play much all right there you go there
you go look at this what Brett Hubbell
boom what everyone who's saying why did
you play when yattaman sped up the other
guy Erikson
that's why seriously dude three bort
miss your last force whose last words
there you go there you go there you go
ah what ref finish it
how was he saving that without a pen no
nothing all right here we go here we go
look Villa and then turn in to oil wait
turn out one more breath okay
Jack bull shit thank you thank you jack
please move do not stay there we're
going for that full power boom that's
too hard too your leg is too strong oh
you know what me opposed oh that wasn't
really me opposed putting all the
pressure on now look it's over No how is
it
that's not why did George just George
I'll give him the chance to quit I
paused it now if he wants to quit you
can quit no he's at his job now oh okay
you want a little chance
that's fuck what the hell I need to
Broin oh no it's actually he's actually
putting on a little work oh my god let's
stop this this is the kind of play we
need look at it look oh s Lee you know
what just because why not why not I
thought I went in well at least I know
of one that's what counts
there we go we've won and it means now
next episode if I lose then wins and an
exercise I'll lose them win the next I'm
gonna lose the win
that is promotion three wins out of the
last six games that's pretty tough based
on how I'm playing anyway let me know
you want me to buy I have something like
three I've about four and a half four
thousand coins one player if you want to
continue the French side let me know top
go over the one I choose but only one
player thing us watch it and see hey if
I try to make it me I don't know how
those eggs are good I think yeah we we
play football and you play nice nice
tuples very very short this could be
anything like way back there's a hint in
there though the very visual we pass
possibility
