what's up guys and welcome to a
different kind of drop video today I am
here with Josh I don't know what youth
in our sleep so I asked you guys on
Twitter what kind of video we should do
and the real SMA you if you don't know
who is you can check them out in the
description below
he suggested this idea what it basically
is we're gonna take it in turns to
choose the player we want and then we
all have to replicate the accent of that
player if the other person guesses the
accent then we get to use him if not we
have to use the lowest rated player so
are you good accent stop no we can do
the one do I don't to use that know what
do you want super deeply that's what we
using yeah all right I go so you want me
to go first and I said yes please
okay so the captain who do i you got
look you can look oh my god yeah you got
look I'll get into that role well
otherwise you're gonna know who it is on
you like an option of fighter and
country baby so I'll pick the player I
want to choose right now and I have to
try and do the accent and then Josh is
gonna guess the accent if we get it
wrong we at the last a player I try to
like give away I don't know how this
actually goes I think yeah we we play
football and you play it nice nice to
pose post video the shorts this could be
anything like those are hidden in there
though the very very short we pass pass
a very short passes really Spain it's on
the same well who's the lanes right then
ice right now Jesus Narni it just fine
Jason just wonder surfing without
speaking Spanish ah shit I'm really
really good act and say I think you got
a great time and then we're gonna have
to start going to the little hints as
well say and harder mmm oh Jesus right
hey doing are you English haha yes you
chose England you just I don't know
you're yeah are you serious
you can be sure the name sometimes in
life you take the easy way out
I know what I should wrist it because
it's way up I'm gonna choose a
centre-back we we bust the ball very
short again Spang yeah that's like
French or Italian it's not Spanish I'm
in this paradise that without misleading
like a Mexican maybe I'll go a
goalkeeper this your hint
oh we puzzlers really short hahahaha
Spain so you can chemistry you see oh
yeah I only go for all right mid hello
there guy Spain I don't think we should
be allowed Spanish players from now on
we buzz believe it ok um sometimes only
cos deleted this news is a money these
actions are doing in the same it was the
highest rated player yes we the top of
that yes we okay we are you sometimes
clean the houses or cut to cut your
grass what clean houses you say open
healthy both won't be really handy
publishing no yes we're getting the
plans we want who can not using well I'm
cheaper speak if by uh forty was
homosexual I may say to you sometimes I
like to say call you you are ha ha ha if
I thought your I was actual right if I
put you all on the sexual I may say to
you you are Uruguay yeah I know what the
thing this week like I'm sure it's being
some buying noises ok got it
y'all UN's missile the fucking shit what
y'all y'all coming yeah
another player the one game let's go
down daddy island
what hmm
oh I love the Sheep I do know once but
realistically we have accent so we can
do there's anything in the gunnery say
players names on that country
yeah that's it it gives it away but it's
working I last position right back here
we go Oh what don't you know
I don't know one years we make it we
make chocolate we sound like Switzerland
yeah okay
we know I sense about it we know this
see we get it right so that's the score
we're gonna use okay we know we're
getting to do the bench that is it so
we're gonna complete the squad and we
don't get to even you know okay we have
one final one okay we have the manager
that's it so don't look oh wait no I did
the Lancel yeah okay go for it this no I
don't know don't even look at the accent
just go through one for chemistry and
then figure out the accent yeah we
puzzle you been alright so the team
we're gonna be facing is an outer barrel
suarez standing out his name odd hmm
well give easy we have the accent power
but a puzzle very very short let's do
this Josh wait
Suarez has an accent on his neck so this
cover shit what the fuck am I your blue
what's blue eyes me yeah I've made peep
in a long time I know I've seen your
channel Wow
Ellie we made chocolate where you make
chocolate affected by we first a little
bit a shorter win eight win it nope nope
no no no no no no no we're not open oh
we Abbot's that's why I was what it did
kind of work now you didn't say big it
did look a little no we're still on the
attack ever fail hunter one four five
objects in Vilonia move oh la mia what
good my starter but it i said my name is
how are you
Qantas plant assist go break your leg
Frankham break his leg break him go on
break his leg break him break his leg
break up gone breakers fit seriously he
actually raised without his legs broken
No break his legs up braised legs oh
shit
Jen fuck that's cool man we make
chocolate on a daily wonder what other
this I think I'm gonna actually like go
and look up how to do accents and then
then join me when you do accent videos
and stuff it's like Australian it's
India yeah is footballers are very
boring they're very some accents bill
coming out like blue blue the football
okay I'm past that
I'm sorry there you go doesn't move you
just shit you got that you got that
what wait I saw by what what new me you
saw my power watch is the third game
Taylor X apologize in an accent to the
legal leaders before everybody else
we're also mango I know there is no hook
wait I'm dropping back drop back here
defeat you are wasting quite light
usually Iceman side to pop by a quarter
black boom think of 16 see you storage
what you know what fuck it any excess
huh any accents does not want to do
today mate is a ball not just an alien
act well unless he had an Australian a
TKO no we don't like we got like no
minutes no a bit if your name is cool
it's cool look this is a goal Joe no Joe
no we check out no we take our time and
finish your fucking shit I'll get back
to building
oh no score just gave us how we should
be winning right now why should we who
are we
why don't we hold a who are we so which
side are we to the left we're losing one
now always pass the ball posture like
you'll reach all losing notes I should
do but though I'm a lookout a Spanish
accent and in a French accent okay
there's no Spanish person science
janna - no in English love in English is
really funny the earth
give me a nigga ok this got me he's only
I'm amazed if it this is amusing you
know and to me that's how he's done so
he Esther Spanish he obviously sounds a
lot more he's a lot more gentle he's
like as if it as per suppose individual
races a fridge person is like this no an
old fridge colada somebody force what
you are basing you donate how you'll say
and then some French - wait good man
I don't like that good good yeah every
day of of each it hadn't gotta go
together
mister I put remiss hello what gives it
outside in it he's always on our side I
was ibrahimovic remember we got him why
are they a bra
I did the funny hurdy-gurdy accent by
the river bitch on the pitch I said you
ever might hot women wait no it was down
no no no
look what them that's there we have an
idea we definitely have in hand
Garrett's bail on the entire time oh
maybe I'd why have you done this Josh
cuz we lose it i sneakily put them on
when you wanna look you I if you're
gonna at least use those players we've
cheered we have to win alright yeah we
have to win go go I get the born I've
been havin down ski what I did a grass
you now you said you're you're racist
bro you're look I just score Oh a little
bit but that's your school we can't damn
it George
we cannot come off yes wait outside this
has to be going get me bring that even
get any Bri enough but no I said I'm
getting you Britain doesn't matter cuz
I'm your bang it bang bang bang no you
go do the grass oh my days
it's a Josh I can't believe enjoy
passing us I call them in the night
after cheating me as well yet but in
cheat you
we're a team here okay we both cheated
can you stop using Ronaldo but it's
really pissing your eking it it done oh
oh shit Josh hey ending good defending
nice file look at this so actually my
last life right go on grab sir
haha that wasn't me I think that you see
that you saw that wrong
what do you see though I was not
controlling that I saw it we got the
nose he was here we got 13 mate we got a
ghost alert it right there you go uh-huh
he froze ah we should have kept so I'm
gonna mail you mean we you actually just
through cronut okay okay I'll do yeah
let's go cut oh now we have to do extra
time there you go let's go this is it
this the moment is the moment of truth
we're in truth we go and then what there
you go oh oh really a pen huh okay you
own that possums one joke no you like it
there you go gonna nods I don't know
poor bunny
I was home to pop all so I feel bad I
feel like we shouldn't get a better
score what I can't believe that what I
can't believe is dying don't ski just
scoot it how is that just what that's
got a trick Tim if you'll do that but
you didn't think I would do that and
even cheat it but yeah I'm bound on the
rain no thumbs are wrong we deserve
deserve to be winning Justin you do
peopIe I don't want to even to school
though though you guys know got to eat
brother ants also give you get taken out
nope let's keep it got really bummed
really Oh God google it
no no I'm not doing you no no doing it
Ron Ron I'm gonna be fine but though I
do this well get player Simon I missed
him Simon I'm not by hosting finally
much Charlie that's cool it's cool it's
cool
lemme in Johnny's skills nice keep it
keep it keep it I know it's cool no he
got Scott you're outside I'm not this
fucking play by it what you do outside
nice and cool never dusky he's on the
line though wait wait wait
boom a ball that's commitment though
Quan no evac on school gonna losers on
Egan school pick it up he got a school
all these a fucking legend I wanted me
can't school though Nagata can't school
no you know what I mean
Luger
now he thought that wasn't duty I don't
have a lianca Cooper this that's it
right where are you where are you I'm
running because I can't school I'm
running I can't drink I don't care that
we want
I do not care that we want you see you
bust your ass it go how much shall I hit
right so that is all for today I think
all we've proven is that we can't win
fairly and we're terrible accents as my
slippers Thank You Josh for playing and
the biggest baddest via accent you can
check out his channel in the description
if you don't know already let you listen
to the SMA you check him out as well for
the idea that's all the day that you're
watching and shit I'm baffled that's the
only word I can use to say how I feel
about that oh we have a chance we have a
job whoa
what ah boom cradle roles at Ron's heart
homage to taking one little touch inward
and then finessed it mmm
dunno about this game so now if I'm
gonna be able to win this one I guess we
will see George that's a better ball the
key
