yeah what's going on guys and welcome
back to another very best you're
wondering why I'm doing this so soon
after the last one it is so that I
cannot make a mistake with the comment
cuz after 2 or 3 days it goes down this
time I am I don't want to say certain
because I'm probably wrong anyway but I
think the top card today was to buy
Nazarene lack assets that I can have a
sick attack no really sure how that's
going to make any sense in terms of this
team but you know what we'll do it
anyway
well that plans gone guys I said I have
like seven thousand coins to spend
here's what we're gonna do okay the next
top comment that says one player to buy
is gonna be the comment that I choose I
almost feel like we should go for a new
team you know so let me know who to buy
I am going into a game if you don't
remember last time we stuck in Division
four ok so now we have a new slate
please late that's the slate that ain't
clean 6 Windsor to draw so we're gonna
get two wins today ok confidence but not
cookie and the first opponent is a why
do they always have bail I mean it's a
good team it's not incredible but ok why
right let's go guys let's just try and
stick out a draw until the end and then
get a nice little cheeky goal at the end
that I really just say that I'm going
for a draw no no I deserve that
I deserve that for saying I'm going for
a draw I'm going for a win I'm going all
out for win right gone gone I'm already
being shat on right now i swea you
actually did score that again I was
terrible if you score that kind of thing
know something bad would happen to you
why why are you going to bail why you
gonna bail we all know you're gonna go
inside we all know and then get now yet
you're three on you ok
you actually passed there didn't expect
that no no no
tygo
okay oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh corner we'll take
a corner oh no bail bail gone no I read
that all my coffee miss I don't read
much but that one I actually did read
that sounds really bad that I don't read
much doesn't it alright now we're
starting to get into it a little bit
starting into a little bit more story
together but it
boom boom boom corner how the hell was
he got through guys but he's gonna have
a long shot he's gonna turn him into no
no I didn't expect that didn't expect
that either me and Gareth you're going
to have a proper falling out after this
game if he's not careful what just
happened what just actually happen if he
scores now because of that that would
just what I'm baffled that's the only
word I can use to say how I feel about
that oh we have a chance we have a jump
ball what ah boom cradle also trance
halftime we shall take a one little
touch inward and then finessed it mm
don't know about this game fellow if I'm
gonna be able to win this one
I guess we will see George that's a
better ball that keep us out
still getting to that right Lucia what
why you go
Oh Jack Wilshere is left oh no oh no you
got pause I know I didn't I
I should be losing we actually need a
goal please please knives of sinus Nate
yay we could actually use a girls no
just have to be a good boss and it was
completely through oh no oh no oh no oh
no oh
oh if you just wait a jot is it just
this you're still feel oh my days I
don't know how I managed to get away
with this no no no no no I haven't got
away with anything just yet but because
the cool no why am I posed to get around
in my area just get rid I'm still
passing it I'm still I'm still passing
it right let's go let's go let's go on a
little attack come on look at the attack
we have look at the attack come on
lalana run run run there you go that
it's a little bit far from my liking but
you know what it kind of worked worn out
hit in the 85th minute
oh no wait wait wait this keep was very
very far oh no oh no I just stopped it
oh my god rest rest
- does it go Hausa I can't believe he's
actually just scored that look at that
as a foul that's it it's a draw good
defender I mean I needed to draw anyway
at some point but didn't expect now we
mixed up again we have brought in bow
Shan we are brought in mercy Alber lassi
and we have got rid of Reed because he
is the one that didn't go luring in
thing I don't know it was his fault ok
Honan number two here we go what team
will he have no team apparent ok does
have a team I live in the back you will
bitch we got this guys come on
confidence is key as long as if we can
win this one then we're still on course
for the freaking promotion and the title
why
pause an already three minutes in I
swear he brings on bail now I might have
to quit oh here we go this is the first
attack beat note that all right this is
now the first attack one good cool play
the eyes in oh fuck
poor pain when okay George best is
having it George best where we going we
are going right no the game is lost
already he has one of the moral battle
please get rid of no he's tried it he's
tried it no get him get to him
Oh why are you doing this why why why
why is it liking that why's the
computing program I can't be bothered
for it's with me I can't be bothered to
lose another game well it wasn't me but
now we have to play another game and now
we're straight in for Game three
although there's only cows escaped still
no bail that's that's the plus no bail
right let's try this again
please I need I need to win a need of no
he's parsing it quick counter-attack on
far side why have you not done a good
pass that was so easy I could have done
that touch house you touch house you're
talking that's a good touch that's a
fantastic touch the art core nut seeing
the ball seemed that I didn't mean that
there lay off what the frigate okay what
oh wait ball boom gasps Jackie will Sean
is right for I how do we had week out
this how do we get out
this where we go that's a great ball
working together or how and then malossi
oh okay it's still good
whoa breath Campbell oh okay
Oh Oh Lassie shoo
so oh no wait wait wait George he
injured himself kicking the balls
what celebration is that right why
what's the point what's the what's the
point mate you don't see no school you
don't score from it it see you know
school from it mate and now George best
see the man me bust go three-nil done
and this could be it this could be it oh
oh no wait wait wait wait wait with a
bullet but don't win in itself thank you
thank you thank you go but worth it me
just quit it's for Niels go otherwise
I'm gonna get one more goal and then
we're gonna just have to we're gonna
have to just sit still
we're gonna just have to sit still
aren't we now I've got my coins for five
goals that's it okay now he's back now
and now now he's back this is it this is
great isn't it that's great
foolish being yes and now he's got a red
card now he should quit what's the point
whoa what a goal ah there we go halftime
and we are six Neil his badges must be
on some mad delay or something because
he just doesn't seem to like be able to
play foot oh my god oh my god you're
anything no don't do that this is even
worse this is the worst out of all of
them mate I'm literally just mocking him
right now just I'm just mocking it oh oh
okay you want to bring a keeper up I Rev
no actually not no that's actually not
okay wait wait ah I want to shoot this
keepers let it go really doing that like
okay what no no no no no really what's
going on what is it
there we go thank you for ending the
game no point even looking at the style
my days I didn't actually deserve that
much so we have won and drawn our first
two games of division for rigidly to win
another five I mean we only need to win
another four to get promoted but I'm
going for the title one player named
them at top corner will be the one I
choose eight thousand coins roughly
thank you guys watching and shit then
it's just a load of trivia
external links and cool comments how
tall is him I thought his name was Eamon
what the fuck I love mini min - I
alright let's move on network this is
always a fun one because they always get
it wrong holy shit sixteen billion
I could barely tidy my room on my own
you think I can earn that much money
this is what Lisa has net worth in the
title and doesn't say sixteen
