yo guys what's going on and welcome to a
video that I have done in the past and I
saw Josh do recently hence why it has
come back a while ago I did a video
called googling myself no it's not dirty
dad's kind of date isn't there like
googling myself or something anyways
last time I did this video I had about
800,000 subscribers on this channel lots
of people in the comments were like how
can you Google himself it doesn't even
have a million subscribers so now that
I've hit a million subscribers I'm doing
it again so this was a long time ago so
now we are googling myself let's go
so like normal just start off that's not
how you spell my name let's start with
just my name right mini Minter get
mini-mental mini mister twitter mini min
to age mini-mental wiki so that that is
my twitter in case you didn't realize my
age comes up on famous birthdays I'm
famous and the birthdays wrong so the
only other one that was wiki which is
worthy the ultimate sidemen wiki you
know how much I hate that picture by the
way it's so it's everywhere and I hate
it
people really don't know do they I
wasn't born in Leeds my mum's side of
the family is from Leeds that's why I'm
Leeds back then it's just a load of
trivia external links and cool comments
how tall is him I thought his name was
Eamon what the fuck I love mini minta
Iowa alright let's move on Network this
is always a fun one because they always
get it wrong holy shit 16 billion
I could barely tidy my room on my own
you think I can earn that much money
this one at least has net worth in the
title and doesn't say 16 billion right
this one says my net worth is 700,000
pounds I wish just to prove to you guys
how retarded all these sites are not bad
for someone who's only 22 years old
right born in 1999 that would mean I'm
does mini Minter have a sister I do not
but I want to see what it says why is it
just good I'm honestly Peyton stupid man
does mini Minter support leads I do do I
have a girlfriend why it's always about
girlfriend man I do not have a
girlfriend all right emoji may go on
does it mini min to smoke what does many
min to smoke how much money does mini
mints make what why does mini Minter
wear a ring that is something people ask
constantly and we get
- a fanfiction I can answer this now
okay because everyone asked it all the
time basically it's literally a family
thing so my dad has won both my older
brothers have won all the men in the
family get one right you can stop asking
I'm not married that's not even the
right finger I don't wear it for like
bling or whatever it means something all
right why does mini Minter hate Preston
hate TBN are fags not like Preston all
the same thing Preston is a youtuber as
well he's in Victoria Park I do not hate
him okay I loathe him
how does many Minter do his hair I
honestly don't know how to be mini
mentor this will be interesting
he's gonna do that he's doing is out
like me can he do it I honestly looks
more like Jimmy Neutron he's just you
know what I'm out I'm out that's we
looked up how to do my hair and we
didn't find out you know how to do it I
just get jealous
done mini mentor is gay
Fang Sun hot a virgin all right let's go
through these systematically gank mini
Menza is gay there's nothing wrong with
it but no minions are spying son yes yes
I am you don't know who fangs is this is
my mum okay she does YouTube as well you
can check her out any mentor is hot what
does that even like come up with Oh No
we'll come to that we will come to
tumblr anime mentor is a virgin again
nothing wrong with it but no so if I
look up mini mentor is a virgin
I get sidemen preference is this an this
is another fanfiction anyway we're
looking at this we're going back to
tumblr mini mentor on tumblr I don't
know how long I'm gonna be able to last
on here and yeah thing about you know
how little I understand tumblr like I
don't know what is going on right now
I'm guessing if I do mm 7 games nothing
yeah it's just that that's my second
channel mm something as you didn't know
by way linked to in description I just
play GTA GTA 5 h1z1 okay that does
boring let's move on let's go with mini
Minter let's try a letter S shop I do
not have a shop okay if you're buying
stuff about me however it's not mine
snapchat my snapchat mini mins are seven
I do snapchat Q&A s but you may know
that already
mini mentos shirtless let's have a look
at this mini min to i funny thanks I'm
wearing a shirt I'm what I'm still
wearing I'm still wearing a shirt guys
I'm still there's me shirtless and yeah
that yeah really doing research on now
many men took you minim into Q&A done
loads that quiz I saw Josh do one of
these it's time it is time for me to do
a mini mentor quiz who dropped off Vick
at the end Harry I'm going through these
quick I'm gonna answer them all right
which Simon was named it was Josh boom
what do I get wrong back to Google what
is Minnie Minter's real name's Simon
my name is Simon and if you can't guess
what my last name is I'm not telling you
what is minions of snapchat done that
mini Vince's phone number seven my phone
number is legit is seven oh my god oh my
god oh my god
he's glitch like comment that's one of
my friends everyone wondering what my
other job is is just it's just YouTube
mini Vince's mum car mom brother my car
that is an interesting one of all of the
sidemen Ethan Josh and myself are the
only ones not to show I cause he thinks
he doesn't Drive we don't really feel a
need to show our cars I mean I've shown
you the Caillou's all the time that's
the mini mini one even if JD has broken
it but I have bought a new one if you'd
like to see that let me know many mentor
y know that was always gonna be obvious
my Instagram that is also a mini min to
seven times wat Switzer Mini mentor
imagines we we're really really going
back to more of this
oh no more tumblr no no no no no no
Wi-Fi clicked on this but yeah I think I
think we've seen enough of me on the
Internet today if I just type in mini me
and obviously that's my youtube channel
there we go it's done so I think that is
gonna be all for today
that's uh that's googling myself I won't
do it until I hit like ten million
subscribers if that day ever happens so
thank you guys for watching
well cuz I thank you guys for watching
have a good day and suit it is decided
Morano and he is cheaper than I thought
time to say goodbye to Lafferty he's
been so good for us
now get out here so this is the team
we're gonna be using the new boy Moreno
is making his start and we need two wins
and a draw so if I lose one episode
today I can't get promoted as long as I
get one point today I am happy but then
we at least get to stay in the division
and the first person to get the sauce
