controversy there's been controversy in
the comments recently basically if you
write a comment and I don't see it in
the first like two days it goes slowly
down and down and down and down in the
comments so last episode I chose the top
comment that I saw but other people saw
a different comment so this week's top
comment is the same as last week's top
comment which he clearly pointed out and
it's also a massive essay with basic
basically going ignore that Matthew
foots that I could get any of these
players marnai quashy all nice kurtal
Laurice ramirez Klein Marie known as
reefer daddy Nia that's a lot of players
now I did say that I only have like two
three thousand coins so that whistles it
down straight away it is decided Moreno
and he is cheaper than I thought
time to say goodbye to Lafferty he's
been so good for us
now get out here so this is the team
we're gonna be using the new boy Moreno
is making his start and we need two wins
and a draw so if I lose one episode
today I can't get promoted as long as I
get one point today I am happy then we
at least get to stay in the division and
the first person to get the sausage is
always actually him I was gonna make it
Joe Gibbs it's me B this team's not very
good although maybe that's more worrying
whatever the case I'm gonna try and win
and keep the hope of promotion alive
because I don't want to get stuck why
there I'd only get stuck in this
division
run Marshall run ret ref ref you said
and you said thank you
what about say you see the shirt pulling
no we're gonna try this just cuz he's
left foot
he is left foot we're gonna try it my
red are the new boy oh my god oh the new
boy i okay okay okay okay
choice bet Moreno hits the frickin bar
George best can't hit the target and
immediately the bar is off target still
but you know what I mean oh no yes
what's the save you gee George best
you're having a shocker right now okay
you need to you need to just date ref
ref right
I'm boom big touch yes Erikson gourmet
gourmet yes yes no I didn't do that
they're like people's recipes best
you're having an absolute shock right
now and you're still having a shocker
right and then you see you know boom got
no top but when in home and he guesses
attack here we go here we go to see the
attack they're gone yeah see Matt and
then coincide yeah Fred that bitch how
the hell has no one scored on a real I
don't actually you know what for me no
no no yes no cross there it is oh my
golly how is a stretchy Stretch
Armstrong make it to him get to him yet
turning gone mate yeah we all saw that
comment if you'd scored that I'd have
punched you in the net what the hell is
just scored who actually just
that's from nowhere my defense isn't
good enough I should have bought skull
man you just can't no no no no no no no
no no no no no no tackle right possibly
yo no you bought to be to halftime and
iconic the target at the bar twice I
just can't hit the target we got 45
minutes now to try and salvage a point
that's what I need I need at least a
point mark come on ah God everyone can
walk except me I swear I need George
Bester steppers game up here because
he's not they go they go anywhere we go
now where yet no that's not that's no up
ah
run run please please how'd you just go
out muscled like that who the fuck is
Wendell come on just let me get a go
please
come on George do your magic do your
magic with the with the cross he just
punched himself in the face I thought
surely like he surely must be injured
for that Oh Marcia Marcia what do you do
from here look there's no one up for me
how does he have so many players forward
and back old stupid no no no no no no no
no watch him watch it yeah yeah what's
the card how was he good through I
actually blocked one it's bad that
George breast has been more worse George
best has been so bad this game we're
going ultra attacking boys we're going
for it please George please please
please yeah using with a turn in but I'm
not I'm not I've just passed it
acknowledged that this is George best
and he's absolutely terrible today I
have to score this corner if I even want
to chart boom it's over it's over and my
keepers up yeah
all right fan bloody tastic I don't know
what to say guys I've just lost two nil
what I said if I lose one I can't get
promoted I've just lost one I just
couldn't hit the target today which
means we have two games left of the
division if I could just get one point
now that's that's all I need there's no
point in getting more obviously there is
I'm not just gonna aim for a draw but
you know I mean we're gonna try done
beer as well up front and we're also
gonna try higher in
field instead of when you album and the
second team to give me the sausage is
this VP LT I'm not confident anymore
guys
ah let's do this let's go alright
alright quick passing to some ticket
akka no right pass down no he's already
to him go
he's already freaking through on goal
when after me that safe I we actually
have a no chance decide this guy pushes
up he defends like me and can I can I
think about it
can I borrow right take a corner where's
my team while it all back post I want
someone to come in it see I don't want
to have to put it across the goalie the
goalie always gets them oh oh the buzzer
girls tackle but I didn't actually mean
to shoot no I did cuz I play it there's
one I should be up and now he's just had
his shot
there's a bit of like laughing love a
little bit like no no no how do the
defense like I haven't learned how to
defend properly now since the patch
I mean lag doesn't exactly help where
it's you like that where's my defense
where the hell is my defense and this
okay I might get lucky this time
Oh player oh so now where's my defense
where are you
where's my defense no he told fuck did
God school that look at this look that's
like the gentlest that each other day
the proper caress ah you serious are you
serious no no no no no no no no no no no
no oh dear oh dear oh dear please can I
just get rid of this no I didn't do that
that should've been a pen I was a
definite 100% why are you not pass it to
my player white like can I please just
get stop bossy
that's not why I'm telling you them this
is horrible this lashing like my worst
help oh yeah they go up ah sit down one
more and
because my defense stand now is he
getting a corner of that a sit-in one
more hold on
and then bono a store wait wait hasten
Oh sir
yes what's a strike 45th minute of
course can I have all my shots I think I
cap wait I think no okay yeah half time
one oh I only need a point might not be
deserved but I have it right now let's
do this guy's just keep the point alive
yeah of course of course and then you're
gonna hit oh no yeah oh okay I got away
with that one nice not nice what I owe
farside sick such a boom what's up
Marino who was it don't tell me that's
the new boy no it was Eriksson all right
that'll do though
Oh George best gone mate come on mate
where we go from here where we good
hello shop inside whoop whoop whoop and
their drug busts
Carmen expectant scruff mangle to better
what the hell what though no I missed a
pair just get rid of this corner get rid
one no no no he can't score my surely
jump get rid no that's a really really
good form was almost a minute in a
free-kick tackle nice block
I know you're gonna turn back I know
you're gonna turn in we all know and
then you're gonna carry on down the line
red you bitch run let's see the duck
breath are you that's last man as well
that was actually like that's a red card
technically I don't know what to do but
it's 90 like first minute boom
oh look how far all that is that is just
ridiculous just say my position in the
division yeah go ahead and make do the
same go on do it do it make God that's
what I thought your pussy stayed in the
division lads nor that ignore ignore
that and because of that we stay in
division for as I said and we also got
an extra five thousand coins which means
we have a total of like six and a half
thousand seven thousand coins maybe it's
up to you guys who i buy please only
name one player because I will start
really choosing ones that name one
player the top come with when I Tuesday
guys watching and shit I don't know what
I'm more upset with the fact that you've
watched through it the fact that I've
watched it the fact that he made it or
the fact that I usually feel that it was
really good I mean I guess that's it for
now I mean I don't know what to say
balderdash white bordered alder dash has
10 letters if border dashes ten letters
and what's he shown a picture of a
collar collar is six letters border
dashes 10 letters 10-7
