what's up guys and welcome to a little
hundred K pack challenge thing this is a
bit different though I playing against
Josh or zurka or illuminate or ever you
want to call him this is how this is
going there are five 100k packs out
right now we are going to open all five
and the player that pops up is the
player that we have to use in our team
however we have already pre picked the
players that we are going to use and the
formation we're going to use to
regardless of the positions or the
chemistry or the leaves of anyone we get
we have to use them so these ready
chosen six players and six players I
have chosen our noia Boateng Alaba Royce
Lewandowski and Robin I am hoping for a
centre-back right back to sentiments and
a striker I had to choose goalie I know
it was risky because you could get a
goalie pop up and then I play with two
goalies but if I don't get gold leaf and
I'm screwed so we go straight in to 100k
packs
I remember the player that pops up is
the only one I can use so here we go
first player we are gonna use is ba boom
there's a striker Lampert he's he's
alright I like we got a striker that's
one of the position I want it but I get
anyone else so is this just a terrible
terrible
that's a terrible pack hack - here we go
we need two centimeters to center back
and a right back one of those positions
now okay I can buy one of them hounds of
sensitives
storage is the best player I Foley cuz
she only popped up that would've been
one of the players or the bushi these
packs are all for an 84 and 83 in a
hundred paper pack 3 cents the mid sent
it back right back any other three boom
Center back boom Cahill I will happily
take that out let's go well at least I
get chemistry with storage but seriously
these packs so mad how bad they are
unless they're just building up for a
brick flourish at the end with an
amazing right back legend that's still
another BPO polite I should have
competition nice oh three players there
so if I get right back storage is gonna
be playing sending me if I get a
centimeter storage is gonna be playing
right back let's see what happens I was
gonna look away but I have to know the
player that pops up okay really throwing
a spanner in the works now isn't it I
even realize how did I don't realize
that frickin axles German as well links
with voice and Boateng Oh
was the perfect player to get Navin
Louise not so much neither for van
Persie but you know what 70 chemistry
let's go Josh all right Josh let's see
the - oh okay well he definitely got
Lowen he's got Levin dusky Buffon de
Rossi and hold I see what he's doing
he's playing the central with chemistry
well I'm attacking your right side the
only problem is I'm terrible since the
patch so yeah I don't know how good
Josh's but this is his left side let's
go come on Robin
come on Royce come on ah no okay wait
wait wait I see that pass up no no I
possible no no no no no no no also
please he's off
please be off thank you stop this Josh I
see you I've I see you removed yeah Wow
he literally just dribbled down the
center of my pitch wow what did I say I
am terrible since this patch but I'm
just getting into it I don't know where
I'm going now do you lowendahl ski whips
it in no I took a deflection plane
through here we go here we go w-wait
davin louise y'see there oh that's why
you / don't you spread out from David
Luiz do you believe did you know he's
the best right back in the game looking
at the Robin Robin Lemon they look bad
boom Thank You Royce - one firm around
within a matter of like four five
minutes our defenses are terrible there
you go and Josh we go and you're gonna
pass it in you know yeah nice nice
challenge keep going keep going let's go
where we going now where we go when we
go where we go far side see you up there
let's go Danny let's go Oh Danny Boy
dah dah dah dah dah dah dah what ref Ref
rep restin look at his attack how does
he get all these players this far
forward no matter not are you serious
yeah yeah
so I thought Josh okay we're we're in a
little sticky situation right now
No okay davon Louise should play up
front a should freaking play up front it
should have been defending that but you
shouldn't have scored the other one look
how easy just get some little charts
little charts
oh no boom left foot hello hello mate
hello Oh fuzzy look foot don't know how
that's happening you know why it's cuz
it's the 45th fricking minute wait you
making a patch is not fixing that
alright three two doesn't make any sense
about any of her two shots one time you
how was that happening alright second
half let's do this guy's
let's go come on Josh where you where
you going mate where you go yeah turn it
back
Oh nervous are you Josh I know I am just
just why not I'm actually going for this
Michael boys okay Meghan love it back
okay ho my defenders shooting more than
my attackers today hi this time stories
just gonna whip a ball in back post
though a minim in a free kick there it
is boom corner got a corn up and then I
whip it in and then I whip my hair back
up up why you missing that I poo for
though you mad are you mad Buffon is not
running around anyone how does this past
even come off I go in alibi white wake
up I got a llama playing decide why
don't you play what oh wow that was like
I did a fake shot I'm its turn and
dummied it and then I'm but I really
really really really really like you
what so go there we go trust it game on
for two I'm not saying game over tender
back I don't want to stay game over
because I know that Josh can pull it
back I just type of myself see this is
why this is why I didn't want to say
this why do you want to say it that's
four threes got 15 minutes left but now
he's gonna come back oh why do you look
it's happening it's happening what's
happening boys that's it though
what a block bulletin that was going in
that little beer space come on
no keeps you don't pull my god oh my god
just my school is I'm very very very
very very I'm not sorry anymore Brian
Percy just with tokugawa calmly why did
I even shoot ah come on
look at this amount of pressure he got
he can't deal with it he actually caught
you can't McCartney Gandhi God that's it
that's it that's it
boom that party it's done now it is game
over
that just made up you miss van Persie I
may be one more chance maybe one more
alright wait okay wait we still might
have one more chance okay nevermind we
don't have a chance anymore but that is
boom yeah yeah it's done I'm pretty
certain just got that Levin dusky so
he's gonna have to go listing for a
minimum by now price I'm not going to
say that I deserve to win what I said as
of Toulouse it's up to you guys that is
all for today be sure to check out Josh
in the description thank you guys for
watching and see you don't be that guy
okay not like John and not mate Joanna
why are you doing why why are you
testing it like that oh my god why am I
stuck in this division I'm not even safe
yet I'm on get cross in this book oh you
weren't even near that great all why did
you even pretend like you could try
