yo guys what's going on and welcome to
what happens next
I'm here with Josh we have a load of
clips and we're basically gonna try and
figure out what happens next I have got
my friend shifty to find 14 I think
clips and basically a wig and I just go
through it and try and guess we know the
videos if you know the video then you
may leave on the internet don't get a
point I have you've seen it you get the
point
I'm gonna do it again don't ruin this
for me this idea is useless the rules
are not pulled out if you get one right
you get a point and it's just whoever
has the most points eating its
competition
so the first clip you ready yes I
actually think I know this one Oh
surprise it's your video you watched who
do I have it actually happen it's a cock
around the corner well there's a dog
there the dog you taped into transformer
Oh he turns around and had to grenade
launchers on both on there from that
he's very don't just fire at unicorns is
that your final guess what do you think
happened Simon I think I've seen this
one and I think there's a dip in the
road the dog goes down the dip and the
car goes over the dog I mean mines more
likely I guess we'll find out go on yeah
but that's what I said so where was the
transformer you see any unicorns there's
he transformed nothing too clear that's
a dog so I got that right so I've got a
point no I got the point
all right here we go yes I think a fiery
can dragon is gonna come around
no stop with the mythical creatures a
fire-breathing Komodo dragon this big is
gonna come around the corner just
waddling through you think this was
recorded this year runs around Reeves
fire we're in the fire act cases nitro
boots on the skate and then from there
the skate will go super fast down the
road mess it really annoys your guests
go between this pole please his legs
I'm gonna guess that he dodges that
that's funny
you'll walk it off you played something
League right and did your coach no go
I'll walk it off the bone is like
sticking out your Army's all right clip
three all right this is bringing about
the back into the door there's a glass
door he's gonna accidentally rev the
engine and come out no how many more
just can you name and a leprechaun comes
out it's all spire a little it won't
hold over you open over the door for him
yeah that's right all right
well serious no okay he's accidentally
gonna rev the engine and it's gonna
catch on the glass I think a van is
gonna pull up outside a load of Mexicans
yeah mariachi bands yeah mariachi band
and they're all gonna be wearing
sombreros why is that what about what I
think they're actually burglars instead
of guitars for Robert he's running
that's it see mine's more likely he just
fell oh he's got cargo pass that
could've been my account no you said
Rebs
that's a raven no wise open his mouth I
think happens here is a dodo that's a
real animal extinct I can't Dodos gonna
come round okay and sweep up the Raiders
he's gonna be like hello and then is the
dodo eating or carrying off it nice
carrying office save them from the human
okay
that's your answer no it's a raven so
it's gonna speak he's gonna say hello oh
hi so door I think you'll find yourself
wrong my guess is he's gonna lean in a
little bit and it's gonna fly off and
steal his hair he's gonna be wearing a
wig go for the wig in the video that's
in the Simpsons it's based off the video
no it's based off a tail no it's the
hook it's a book Raven never know that's
Bear weird you know ah this is gonna be
an amazing show
I'm calling this is gonna be a win he's
gonna hop the black and the white ball
gonna go all the way around the green
left of the brown back into this pocket
you look so hot whole bunch of guys the
Ice Age about to happen
no running why what is your guess their
lights mismatched you want to go as
broad right you go for like an accident
any kitchen I'll go for an incredible
shot I bought everything - everything
noise has a party to the bar I didn't
expect that I thought it was a pro game
as well enemy was like a pub - the
carriage oh here we go sound no sound
that means it's gonna be mad I mean you
know it's Matt what's much ego up there
Michael Jackson comes out moonwalk now
he was going to dead celebrities he he
move was on top of the bar it was oh my
god it's Michael Jackson back from the
dead and he's like Nevermore
it seems it tip over that's the obvious
one in there I think animal a wild
animal runs into the back and the new
guard Blake or mine obtuse oh he's just
gonna forward me oh yeah I'll give you
that one
yeah you say first is your final answer
I want to change my mind you got three
one there's a Ferrari helmet that's a
height beast arm right there three worth
money he's falling asleep so you know
the worst part about it I went on
Facebook today and I saw this video but
didn't click it you boys did so boring
you clicked off it yeah Tony hope no I
can't say that Tony has to be a poem
okay the Tony Hawk is a good
skateboarder and this guy was a good
founded them and he was it daydreaming
about being 2014 left foot too far
forward nuts himself on the chair here
can I go for the same one sir I just
think he's gonna lean forward his Chin's
gonna land that saw at the other side of
it it has to be I said he collapsed in
woods miles I've got that I got the chin
right he was okay yeah no he was as I
could tell you'd see yeah you saw his
feet moved like he was skateboarding
what okay you saw what was gonna happen
I think he's gonna hit him I'm gonna
just throw it out there I think he's
gonna hit him with the gold yeah we got
that right he's poking weeds a girl have
a straw it's a girl and no that's not me
and that's not weed what is that they're
drinkers that looks like the kids poop
what is that dream that's not drink I
don't know it's baby
drink baby food drink yeah well exactly
food drink yeah so be a freak I was
gonna have waited rude I already think I
know is gonna have thought it's gonna
come along with a spork and still be
free hey sports stills to Frink maybe
says oh never more oh my god if it's
there I'll give you the points myself I
think I know
come in fuck up the baby somehow alright
next one
surely obvious answers it hits what so
again this vehicle turns into the
bumblebee 180 reverse scream well back
to track we're back to square one yeah I
was a long time have a nice man well you
run out you run out of things you've run
out of creativity no the fun you served
me the transporters okay gone the right
lesson is that honest on the bicycle
boys yes that's a hero see fear that by
that guy lose control heads towards down
the left mrs. actually we cut the cover
and almost hits on that guy on the right
has just spin out and recover again
crashing back at it like that I think
pretty much exactly what you said
instead of the white van something's
gonna run in front he's basically gonna
miss both of these they're close close
that count the wall came in from
amazingly went in between the exactly
right
okay so glove being blown up this the
iPad no it's just it's gonna pop and
then Martians are gonna come out from it
from inside it don't you try and then
Will Smith's gonna turn up don't you try
calling anybody like this and they were
gonna go Jay Jay Jay Jay it's gonna
explode it's gonna break the glove I was
thinking please I've had that and why I
was off guard lady comes along
lock the iPad it was then he forgot that
he left it Paula what category of porn
BBS and the donkeys monkeys I don't want
you what it was yours you'll get up too
fast actually glass opens ok I'm
changing my answer he's gonna get sucked
up through there and come out no you
don't get that you don't get up if I
paid you hunchback would you wear that
outfit out for a day this is about
wearing jeans just for the jumper
thousand pounds the bearings my peer
books cuz I can't spend any more money
buying a Barry because you have to wear
it like that fool shop around it yeah
and I get to vlog it alright I think
this is the final clip we won okay so
what happens in this on Josh
it doesn't seriously you just go
straight you're steering some locks you
gonna say you're off the track here my
guess is one of the wheels locks into
someone else's wheels and he flips this
is worth four I know I know I had for
the whole time because you know that's
where popped off you head straight no II
didn't I one for you one for - yeah
performance anxiety Nevermore every time
you go into this channel of my fault you
can't fool me I can't perform a way on
channel you can come from anywhere
really can you know classic that's
classic Josh subscribe gosh winds make
sure you subscribe to Josh's okay don't
subscribe to Josh fine thanks thanks for
watching guys thanks for being here yeah
DJ they don't judgment there in a second
conky Papa see interface don't like
music the hair for the fame window my
mom lost in the game now shoot them so
fun wasting aim time I know it means the
faint a G in the sting who is people's
you said
