oh boy I am very hungover right now but
it's time for that's right I don't know
how well this is gonna go who knows but
I asked you guys for a top comment and
you gave me one oh Shannon checks so I'm
gonna first of all by check because my
goalkeeper is probably actually the
writer that didn't work though Tim oh it
is good to be fair but you know I can
always use a pen a check there we go and
I have enough to get a vote on as well
so we'll take him even I really don't
want more midfielders now we move into
the area where we actually have to get
rid of certain people so sorry me but
you're gone then I'm sorry is welcome
day but you're gonna have to go as well
so there it is there's the new team for
the new year starting off the year right
with Petra checking goal we brought back
Gradle as well and I'm not thinking
about last time when I got cheated out
of that second game we're moving on five
games left if I win what if I win three
of them and a draw we are promoting
let's hope this year goes well let's see
the tomb okay
wow I feel like that's what we aspire to
have but it is definitely about the
player remember that because it doesn't
matter how good the team is when when
when a when me
come on this is beautiful this is
beautiful planet no no why does he have
so many plays back look how many players
look look how many plays he's got back I
know obviously he's playing four at the
back but that is ridiculous
ah yeah I'm actually have to start
playing hungover more cuz I'm playing
really well even though I haven't scored
I'm as good I know playing well why do I
see this stuff why do ice why do I do
this to myself don't do it don't be that
guy okay not like John and not mate do
you wanna why are you doing oh why why
are you testing it like that oh my god
why am I stuck in this division I'm not
even safe yet come on get cross in this
book oh you weren't even near that great
oh why did you even pretend like you
were trying to win that no no no George
that was a terrible bull but still on
his still on it's still on oh wait no I
didn't mean that way wait it's still
look it's not around oh okay now you
want to get them if bail gets another
look thank you for being offside you
can't keep getting these lucky bounces
and getting away with it
please be good boys not to keep another
game at all damnit check oh they want me
to score they want me to school they
want me to score they don't miss the
school they don't want you to score I've
had one shot I need to have at least
another one another one I really don't
feel like it's been that I'll fail you
apparently it has what all he is getting
the bit too relaxed come on give me a
chance
look you go any players easy job no I
didn't pass that face he was on both
wings off like George George mistake me
save it it meant to save me I'd even
take a draw right now because I need
three wins in a draw see them little
cross think oh you have friend I'm not
quite sure this is worth up not quite
sure how he's I can't play fifa since
the patch please can I at least get one
please doctor please yes no get turn
around get the ball turn around get yeah
there you got let's go isn't it
ref pen pen you don't give me a pen I
can do it too we can do we've got oh
wait god I had to add take the risk guys
I'm sorry guys I had to take the risk
I've put a lot of people back and I had
to take the risk please go he's on psych
all right last chance ah this is so
painful I am definitely not getting
promoted I mean if I win three and draw
once do I get promoted but that's not
gonna happen is it
I mixed it up we got Marsh I'll bat we
got when yalda back we got Familia back
I'm sick and tired of losing so many
games although last time I should have
won the second game if it happens again
I am NOT going to do anything really I
much just please don't have a really
good team again
and is this the same guy that's just
really really strange that he would have
liked the same kind of players and the
same like Brandon Gareth Bale but it
looks like it's gonna be as fun as the
last game because I'm already struggling
why are you building a soul oh my god do
I get the lucky bounce I get the look
about I get a look now you're taking the
piece you actually taking the piece
you're taking the piss give me a shot
one City go look and then which item I
know I said his name alright but I don't
care give another chance little jobs
whoa ref lately go on George whip over
the walk back what the Rick see if I
sign fight please finesse Vanessa in oh
no wait wait come back right nut uh ref
ref there is oh there it is is that
Marcia as well this game is definitely
definitely winnable so you know I can
get the chance
it's just whether I can finish it
you
but see why why well i am o complaining
about everything why am i an old man now
where do I go with George where do I go
positive there you go
men know well it's gonna be a fake shot
oh no no no no no no no let's go he's on
he's on he's on he's on he's on me post
there we go Romania what a lad mate half
time and I actually deserve to be
winning this one I am determined right
now I have oh oh familia again why you
pausing it now 56 minutes it what maybe
a good one this time - it is it is a
good one that keeps the hope alive boys
that means if I can win the next two
games then it's all up for the last game
which I have to draw but we will see
next episode let me know you want me to
buy our and they have about 3000 4000
coins I may not be able to buy anyone
just yet I could sell the other two
players and see how many coins like a
but let me know anyway top corner with
when I choose if I can do it thank you
guys for watching and have a good new
year so yeah I'm gonna
cuz I
I'm gonna
this rose not all
and I'm a sexist you
