yah what's going on guys and welcome to
another snapchat Q&A now two things one
this should have been out yesterday but
I had a lot of stuff to sort out so now
it's out today - I will be doing an
actual Q&A like not snapchat one a
Twitter one that then I do the normal
questions so be sure to be following me
on Twitter because I will be tweeting
out in the next day or two for questions
but anyway snapchat Q&A time ignore that
stuff basically that's my like Christmas
stuff I bring back like my pizza made in
tylium chocolate anyways back to the
snapchat Q&A
Mimi means how are you not on money a
plenty of kronor if that's what you're
asking
so uh no I guess not rain goes it's
neither here nor there but it's got to
be somewhere but lots of things don't
make sense alright turning up missing
how do you turn up missing how do you
wake up dead everyone's like you're the
apple of my eye don't make sense some
people don't like apples now if you said
you're the Rihanna of my that would have
made sense but anyway no here nor there
what about things that don't exist
boom-lay time in order to ask aside from
being a youtuber what else what what is
your other job I got there eventually
what's the other job you did get there
eventually I technically don't have any
other jobs you know like this is my only
job this is why I spend like I know 13
hours a day doing I mean I know it
doesn't seem like a job but yeah it is I
got a lot of cronut because trust me if
I had another job I would not be able to
put out 3 videos a day
my question to you is how good are you
at Gabi
how good am I dabbing uh there you go
but now the real thing is tapping you
can't you can't just tell someone's dad
you know true dabbing comes just out of
nowhere they say the best dab so when
you least expect it you put I was gonna
do letting you who do you think would
win in a football match 11 Wow there we
go told you out of nowhere who do you
think would win in a football match 11
big stars or 11 buzzing because neither
I think they would both get bored after
about three minutes and then leave I'm
and can you do this yeah obviously
yeah I'd say this is minute wow so much
better
ah ah teeth pop pop hey hey with the
handout pop it you dick what what the JJ
do to this generation allowed to explain
that just could have the move on what is
your favorite song right now okay a
normal question I think it's hard for me
to choose between like three songs right
now first one is chipmunk install Z's
new song which sounds like this one
paper the whole country on the edge
see ya the next one now some of you will
really like this and someone will you
will hate me for this but Justin
Bieber's complete album to be honest
this sing and then thirdly probably top
of the list as well as anything but post
Malone even while any of the three songs
that I listen to a lot I listen to
others but these are the best three why
Iverson too young or boy band boy bands
is the newest one and that lad
literally I've been listened to over and
over again right now so if I had to
choose one song I'd probably go that
right now
Simon mate so anyways there's a Simon
ever come to Japan he started I was so
much conviction like Simon baked to be
honest Japan is actually like one of my
places I've really want to go because I
really want to go to Tokyo and I don't
know why I think my top places would be
Tokyo Singapore maybe Australia and then
I like just Canada just anywhere in
Canada so I mean I don't know when but
most likely sometime yes 1v1 me on star
wars bow from bitch no why do you think
it's fun yeah
why I say I like guitar what are you
saying like it's work you know what your
tank top says everything then it white
noise that's all you are
but then maybe you were saying why does
this friend sound like it's well now you
know what you both sound like twats jeez
that's a big chin dang I like to pop up
but no I do not like the poo poo track
my ass again no thank you just that I
don't like the poo poo butt that I iris
- iris Bailey offer thank you very much
I'm flattered
it's your lips as a Western to focus on
this absolutely thought I'll fuck to you
in case you're near waist ID said the
item to your left is what you can use to
defend yourself against the zombies
coming to your house how screwed am i I
mean I don't know ever toy elephant
would really stop anyone but um yeah I
mean and I could be like zombies and I
just throw it and then they will get
distracted and I can run away I know
this would definitely work Christmas
cards that would definitely stop that
put them in a festive mood and we'd all
become friends I mean the only other
things my left is a double or have a
double dear wait what was the question
again
okie-dokie
not really sure that's how the song goes
but yeah if you guys want to check out a
retarded dinosaur remix I'll leave a
link to the iTunes link in the
description below who's your favorite
player of all time now I know I should
say a leads player here okay and I know
I know I should but David Beckham just
de David Beckham all over hey well at
least you understand how YouTube works
if you see my reaction right now then
yes you are watching me and you do see
me has two other people that's how the
internet works
Bobby Shaw famous subjected my favorite
subject was probably I don't know I
hated stuff like English and RS or re
because I was bad of them anything essay
based no that's good maths I was always
alright out so I kind of liked that I
mean the funnest ones are always the
same they're always like you know I T or
DT or anything like that because most of
time you know I just watch YouTube or
like build a desk or so I am there
that's cute
no what are you doing
who's your favorite youtuber nigahiga
every video of his like a movie even
there's only like four five minutes long
sometimes it is little it's like a movie
if you don't know who need your he is
okay genuinely go check him out but
please come back cuz I still got a few
more questions not sure that really
worked as you minute to to minused
I don't think you ever actually were
meant to let me see you at that point
and then it kind of disappeared for a
second and you were just you were just
there I like you Simon no cool dude
thanks man what a nice way to end the
snapchat Q&A I like you too man even if
you are like 50% tree but anyway that is
it for the snapchat Q&A today as I said
a real Q&A will be coming up soon oh
just see that what coverage it allows
like how that was completely unaware but
anyway there will be an actual Q&A out
very very soon hopefully in the new year
but I probably will do some more
snapchat Q&A as well so yeah follow my
snapchat you want to it's up to you
that's all for today thank you guys for
watching and sure you dice the most
ridiculous save I've ever seen in my
life this is the last chance last chance
lot and he's blocked it there it is
there's the last chart or it that is it
blow a whistle play with they go half
time to kneel down I may have lost this
game really let's spin an interesting
game I don't know if I deserves to be
losing to nil but I am doesn't really
matter what deserves to be happening
right now does it
oh he's so
