yo what's going on guys and welcome back
to that's right we haven't had this in
quite a while by while I mean five days
I asked you guys who to buy and today
the top comment was Zumba yard by Cindy
I actually means Zuma or doom beer so as
I said we have about 8000 coins I think
we can afford to get both so there is
doom B are done and there is uber done
which means the other two original gold
players these guys stack Kastigar rincon
are now gone and we have a Zuma and doom
BR going into the team for who are we
gonna bring him in for you this is the
team we're gonna be trying out today you
guys need to keep letting me know who to
fight with the top comment down below
feel like we might need to start
building a new team because this team is
dying to get as good as it can be
without buying a new player that cost
too much it's up to you guys as usual so
let me know in the comments below but
for now we are in division for a win and
a draw would save me in this division
right now two wins and I would be four
points off of promotion so hopefully by
the end of today I should have set
myself up so that next episode we can
get promoted into Division three but
we'll see I guess
here we go Division four is strange
Italian is Argentinian team it's just
Italian whatever's a good team such a
shame I'm gonna have to destroy you
right
you know it's just such a shame hahahaha
let's just calm down a little bit mate
right let's go let's go counter counter
counter counter counter where are you
George what is this like you know what
puss all right run run run
we're gonna pace the pace was that the
new boy ladies the new boy paws back
there you go
and then take touch take a touch pass it
back and then well I I can't do it's
like what is this connection this is
horrible
pass it off right we need a goal to just
get him to quit what the hell are you
doing mate Oh piss off please great
punch no that's not terrible but no
Dyson incredible save all duck ooh there
you go that's one now this is horrible
this is truly truly horrible right now
come on gabilan good ball great our
keeper why are you coming out there
you're just trying to have some fun and
then the keeper comes out and ruins it
what these surely soft surely he is off
breath line oh how does he do that pass
it there you go look okay here we go
this is where we do the boy but we don't
do a boy that's weird
Oh God little charts take in and then
for us oh you didn't shoot you didn't
shoot no human a boy
no no no no no no whoo oh my days no
it's a school that's another colors in
it - Neal this is one of the most
unenjoyable games of people I've ever
played in my life and I don't know what
I can do because this lag is just
ridiculous
Rath try The Ting do I try it I guess I
get corner looks in lag really like oh
yeah though that's cool how the hell is
the on side how is he on site no great
safe right we need a goal right now if
we're going to actually have a chance of
winning this game pass it in right I'll
do dude I'm food pass it off pass it in
again
there you go George best George best
George best look at that
boom take that corner I didn't want to
have a cradle is struggling to beat a
boy with this like you know come on
- bo the new boy the new boy get a ball
in back post Phyllis George that is the
most ridiculous save I have ever seen in
my life this is the last chance last
chance and he's flopped it there it is
there's the last chance or it that is it
blew a whistle blew it they go half time
to kneel down I may have lost this game
early let's spin an interesting game I
don't know if I deserves to be losing to
nil but I am doesn't really matter what
deserves to be happening right now does
it
oh he's so horrible why plays I know
exactly what he's doing but I can't do
anything bye
come on we need to go we need to go bad
we need to go badly badly pass it what
the Frick are you doing great it was not
the boy today run doom be up run
you know what No Oh George best just
best Boom Bang it
dude I'll do taking you know as long as
pressures on he can't score yet I know
he's turning and I know he's turning and
I said it you heard me say it there you
please you know what Seenu far side I'm
gonna have to start going to attack you
please get touch please get touch please
get sir
Please Please cross that blue please
haha
we literally have what ten minutes left
we're gonna have to just you know what
screw it we're going all out with an
all-out attack
back right plus it across mostly girls
and then for this sick so sick look what
why are you diving on the floor there
and now is cheapest put it that's great
isn't it huh
yeah nope uh school just hit the post up
and oh it is
Oh period right come on let's go let's
go count it out where you going
why you facing the wrong way bro no no
no no no stop stop that's a bus a pen
who's actually giving the pin home I
gotta go right as well frickin red it
has all gone wrong in this guitar yet no
that's cool isn't it that's cool just
yet use your goalkeeper and look like
more of a prick there we go again
yeah course down the middle I don't know
if it's I haven't played well or just
I'm not happy with the striker and the
defender I'm not feeling it right now
you know I'm not and I'm definitely not
feeling Zoomer and yeah
he wants to keep sliding that's a hard
ball you saw the hard ball that was
ridiculous
I don't know what say he deserve to win
now I'm in a position where I really
think I need to win this game you're not
playing are you we're gonna have to put
Gabriel back in we're giving all of
those guys another chance
dumi isn't gonna be having their two
links this time he's only got one we're
bringing back policy changing the whole
midfield
Gabriel's playing center back and you do
not want to be the guy coming up against
me right now I mean he doesn't have to
care who's coming up against really does
he let's do this guys let's do this come
on Team let's go completely new team
almost out
Oh where does where does minor folks
keep going why why does it keep just
disappearing
he's offside I posit Liam pulsating go
go go where's where's the run where's
the run puzzler
go lay off okay we still got it we still
got it Schuyler boom it's my it's my
turn take the post this time right where
do we go from here
or we get a little chopped yellow job a
boom the lassie grater with a score I
can't help feel it although although
although although no no nothing really
what's the given Wow run by lassie run
by lassie run Vlasic what oh wow
something please could I just get a goal
I just need one go oh my days I'm not
sure about this passing I'm really not
sure about what's going on right now
tackle him get to him tackle em Erikson
Erikson
stop stop being a little pussy boy he's
got a chance now he's got sharp keeps
that is absolutely go go George go
Google the please actually you know what
it's George best George best does it
George mr. Hayes the boy Eddie no
greater was to point judge best is the
best whatever we scored oh no oh no oh
no big guy girl nice right here we go
counter-attack here we go ready where's
the brunt where's the run what's up I
just got a weird tackle how strange but
whatever Oh ref ref ready and then boom
and then boom calmly so what there's do
me a fear a go he's just paid for
himself towards first again oh oh oh
Cornell Ted corner why why you like it
now white what's going on why is that no
don't limp us it don't let it cross it
nice
Tim halftime sullen hot to Nilla indeed
I no no no are you serious you serious
what's this what's this straight back in
ready oh yeah of course I'm straight
back in as well and I of course I am
but does it seem like I was disconnected
yeah thanks oh my god I have five games
left if I win all of them I win the
title any three wins at our draw just to
get promoted is the worst outcome
possible two losses today that's never
happened and it wouldn't happened I was
to nil of our time oh my god you know
what guys 10,000 coins let me know - by
not dwelling on that I'm getting out of
here right now
top comb with one I choose to be sure
like each other's comments I hate you ei
thank you guys for watching and see you
do long shots that's what I have learned
okay look Ravi the guava boom bah Oh
quiche Luke or maybe you could do better
than that
okay sand cheese is on a run saches ref
ref oh no oh god no oh god no wait wait
wait
yeah he's gonna have to pass
it's gonna past it yes of stop today
Davi
