yeah what's going on guys I welcome to
something that I've done quite a few
times this time I am playing ether we
are doing the 100k pack challenge EA
have released to 100k packs me and Eve
they're going to open both of them and
then build a team with them but this
time we're introducing a player this
player is Davey I don't know who he is
but we agreed on him because you know
you could get German league players and
like build them around anybody a German
player as well the loser will have to
discard their team a plus him a plus any
players they get so you kind of wanna
get Saul good but you kind of done I
mean it is 100k back so you could get
something goods but if you do you risk
losing them if you don't you're more
likely to lose this is all obvious to
you guys so I'm gonna go ahead and open
the first pack here we go right so we
want Bundesliga players a Bundesliga
striker like a bunny and boom
Sanchez that's a great freaking start
Sanchez is that okay anyone else good no
Santa oh okay Oh cuadrado and as P Leno
as well okay yeah I could do something
here I could do something and now their
second package can I have someone good
of what I want someone good cuz I'm
confident if I get someone good I can
beat him please doesn't inform bailout
at the moment please
really I mean I mean he's very good and
okay actually actually actually
Kiessling as well okay okay okay I am
very very confident right now and this
is what I have come up with boom
I think those other boom 81 rated 81
chemistry the players I want to keep
obviously the informant Sanchez Leno
Lakha set for me neo Corrado you know
that is a decent amount of players 200
case worth but nonetheless we are now
gonna play Ethan and you can check out
his point of view and his channel in the
description below but if you want to see
your winner stay here
I really hope I win alright so here we
go Ethan let's Eden are you serious he
got informed Benzema oh no he has no
chemistry so I have a very very good
chance right let's do the season bring
it on my smelly smelly friend bring it
on bring it on bring it on ah ok you
want to just let me run alright play
through what now I have a little chance
a little a little ok chance is gone his
defense ain't all there is it his
defense ate all their past it wha-wha no
I didn't mean to shoot cross cuz it back
HUD boom great header fantastic oh no no
no no no no no no no no let's no that's
not what I meant to do obviously why
would I ever have met deposit to him get
rid okay we got a little chance now a
little counter-attack Sanchez the sand
cheese the sand cheese is real good such
it ref ref right dude Abby the
informants album rips and I don't even
get me the ball
tackler whoa what's the info okay so
dude a bezoar why long shots I need to
know that the kind of stuff I need to
learn get rude
smells like wasn't down Huntelaar can't
do long shots that's what I have learned
okay Lacroix Fela guava
boom oh oh eh Luke or maybe you could do
better than that okay Sam cheese is on a
run zan cheese ref ref oh no oh god no
oh good
no wait wait wait yeah he's gonna have
to pass he's gonna pass it yes
I've stopped it Gaddafi the in-form on a
run on a little run dude Fe please don't
wait then wait oh really
that's as far as it goes hon oh my
lesbian for Miss here Bob oh damn he's
kind of decent season farside senior far
side gone keeps they get that get that
thing touch and then we're been okay
Baba's back bitches cool Oh keep arguing
on all right key sling or bony one of
your Papa's bony horny oh that's cooler
I was at goal kick
how was neither one of us scored yeah
okay wait a bit this could be it
wrath thank you one final chance from
grill a burger lucu so wanna go to room
it's not English pass it there we go key
shake please 800 wild halftime I didn't
really need to do that fix your bass
court look at this little look at a face
you're boom and then puts in see Baba
Ben's marker Revere either so I did that
Karima me a river curry curry beds Ivana
it's deserved this deserve right there
Ethan's gonna have to go for it this
half because I am winning and he's gonna
have to discard well though me and Ethan
pretty much always draw somehow not
today not today not to
which is a lanky male fuck any what the
Frick no fuck awesome
you hero you're actually hero like you
just you just got a knighthood in the
mini winter community now bonis away
Barney Wilfred Wilfred Wilfred Wilfred
Wilfred Wilfred poorni okay great mr.
got shots oh no oh no
why did he not just dribble in a little
bit more he's trigger happy as hell no
no no no no no Garrett why are you not
getting can you please stop can you just
please stop for one stop heading it back
to him I'm okay taken out oh no no way
sorry even up hopefully on the right but
put player on the line I'm sorry I'm
sorry I know I'm a dickhead but I want
to win
lay em off no ok wait still on the dummy
doodah me for what you've done a little
bit oh no no no no
it's in the turn
keeps keys keys keys keys keys keeps run
run run run run run run side by side by
side by side nice what the hell are you
doing no the going I literally just
pressed clear from frickin Olson I'm
actually distraught right now I can't
believe Olson just dinner why are you
doing you know what we don't want to
draw no we do not
where are you such as where are you
there you go there you go right Sanchez
on a run
Sanchez Sanchez on a run come on this
bit this is it
oh so obvious it was so fucking obvious
although look no no no no
no wait hold up hold up hold up hold up
hold up
please leave my folks just gone but
what's good Oh
Keasling you here oh how he got through
it I will never know that fake Sh
optional work but it's done it is done
are we offer we're on attacking now
we're off attacking piss off that's it
done it's done at the last kick of the
game oh my good and I'll bet a load of
you were literally thinking to
yourselves I faked it so if it doesn't
have to discard Benzema but now he does
key blinky sling where your name is
hotline bling whatever man-of-the-match
that game oh my days
whoo it was very very close but the two
shots on-target you know it made a
difference that's all for today if you
want to go see Ethan discard all that
stuff check it out in the description
subscribe boy over there Thank You me
the replayed date you guys for watching
and what a glorious day see ya that is
right it is Boxing Day today
hence the boxing gloves ignore the Santa
outfit that's just so it looks like I'm
entering a ring now what do we do a
Boxing Day that's why we play a game of
FIFA with boxing gloves on cuz
what else would I do on Boxing Day
