that is right it is Boxing Day today
hence the boxing clubs ignore the Santa
outfit that's just so it looks like I'm
entering a ring and what do we do a
boxing day that's why we play a game of
people with boxing gloves on because
what else would I do on Boxing Day so
the tea Bowl there it is look at this
team beautiful three legends hazard good
in the game but now we're gonna play one
game see if we can win wherever the
score is at 75 minutes I get to take
these off and play normally if I let
poor girls in I am allowed to take off
the gloves okay I gloves on boys
let's do this let's okay it seems it's
alright although it doesn't matter why
she miss without playing like this
Kubelik freaking pick up the controller
how the how am I actually how the fuck
am I gonna do this I didn't buy the best
gloves this eye you can see the
controller here I'm gonna have to use
this while holding this alright I think
I've got this right it is time let's try
this pass pass again all right and the
passer let's take oh look at this look
huh Oh boss boss boss boss no pass why
my Bloods in backwards well I did worse
that but if I cleave it if I even get
wait whoa I pressed why my I've got the
trainer on lats of me that mistake run
run run
all right all right no what no I'm not
running up buds no oh no if he crosses
it I'm so screwed because I don't know
what to press no no no no no no no no no
lag tackle right but why's my keep by
holding triangle you know what marshal
shoots will take a shot either now I
don't know what I'm actually pressing I
just have to clinic camp know if I drop
the controller it's over
keep Horning yeah I know he's gonna turn
back asleep look a little Rev come on
chuckling tackle him sack a name like a
limb and lucky oh look at this pressure
look at a pressure No
oh no the controllers on the floor as
well nobody no no I'm not meaning to do
all my god he's got another chance
it's got another freakin Chuck fuck man
I love fucking legend in Gold Rush why I
put the controller down again okay oh
shit oh shit he's got another attack
he's got another freaking attack another
way lat
don't Dom what are you doing get rid get
turn that off turn that shit off ah
getting cramp I'm just holding every
button right now I think please come on
no no it keeps nice I've just enjoyed
Christmas and now I can't even forget I
can't do it I can't do this guys guys
I'm sorry no down I might have to stop
out of time tackle him tackle him tackle
him what the fuck get rid no not only
that way okay you know what no it's four
nailed that was the Rope fournier what's
the Rope now we'll see who's the real
bitch all right I'm not using the clubs
anymore
let's go alright now it's on look that's
all right flame through good storage
boom it's on bitch for one I need to fix
this angle this is ridiculous and there
it is half-time for one I have this game
on lock ok I will win considering I play
with boxing gloves to the first like 30
minutes
thumbs out someone makes a cold someone
make it someone make someone MIT there
we go game I know you think you'd what
no you don't trust me we have a game
Debussy the bushi
why have you popped it that way why oh
my god to bushi I feel like I'm still
playing with boxing gloves on to be
honest I'm not know
why why be past it literally that that's
my fault
that's completely my fault what is good
what the hell was going on
storage Marshall juice that nope no it's
not it's not a day today it's just not
the day lads we're not winning this game
Oh see the bed ad there's one there's
one more come on
that's one we just need four more what
am i set four more come on come on Ref
wait start I tend to sheep for a second
what the hell all right f√†bregas I'm
Gus playing and then go get across
what's a finished whiny sausage come on
that's three goals three more and now
he's got the attack because I don't have
any defense and yeah seven three game
over guys it's a good effort and there
it is guys I told you that's it I told
you the game is oh okay wait no he wants
another shots wants another shot
well not today mate look at that yeah
that's what I thought game over seven
three I merely look at it in this way
okay he was for Neal up when I took off
my gloves so it's three always the final
score
I just can't believe it's just the own
goal I honestly thought I was holding
the other way that's all for today sorry
it's not in a long video but it's been
the Christmas period so I haven't been
able to do much I hope you want to go
Christmas yesterday in the past few days
say guys for watching and see ya oh
these are the little bastards that made
me feel so sick last time I don't know
why I'm doing this again especially this
close to Christmas this is gonna ruin it
anyway if you're wondering why this is
the different angle it's cuz I'm
standing up because I really don't want
to do it and I know I'm not gonna be
able to sit down so there are 35 k-pax
out right now five of them I'm gonna put
all of them right now and if I don't get
someone or over 81 rated I have to have
a drop
