what's up guys and welcome to the
guessing Christmas wrapping present
challenge thing with us that was the
worst intro I'm going to give it what
I'm going to do is we're going to split
two teams me and Vic JJ and Josh we're
going to route to presents between the
teams the other team Lee and I have to
guess what we're at if they give
anything that has been wrapped they get
a point so whoever gets the most points
there's two points up for grabs
obviously he gets the most wins so you
guys only go first oh no you can go
first
yeah all right sigh so we have to wrap
two presents and we come up with two
ideas I think cops'll first one yeah
very secret there are held honestly so
the first one I'm thinking is wrapping
paper wrap wrapping paper wrap we will
be the number one wrapper yeah
we wrap the wrapping paper but wait
because the thing is they'll have the
exact same rough mix so they'll see that
is the identical shape and size as
wrapping paper that's a lot could be on
this but yeah
what if oh my eyes and my exhibit feel
like maybe make them finger to Christmas
cracker I did that's like Christmas
crackers are there yeah yeah about there
I don't know if this will actually come
it's not so good he's the point yeah
he's a studdy special bit
oh it's like a steak this isn't working
a few moments later
no you okay we have to destroy the
evidence
I didn't destroy the whole thing - giant
layered that - we should get like
something that shakes around inside oh
but if they guess anything inside it
they get it what what we put inside I
would never guess so what's the most
random things that will shake around
this is JJ's this is muttering device
yeah not bad isn't no wife got it I'll
explain later don't want to explain all
right so interrupter them so if you want
those you in a rapport
okay does the be good cracking oh I see
what you mean spread around yeah yeah
yeah let's try make it look like it's
not a frat boy oh this is another video
this isn't hard
it was dude what is that Mrs E ah I
think I did it and you have two loops
wrapping technique yeah just your
handlers - so this is like a shot n
cheese you dar me that way make sure
unbelievable I can see you got any
presents your family us Christmas with
all this packing telling today you can
also as your instantly knows with me
you've outdone yourself a design then
what is it life it was on it
this is subscribe why it's a cloak and
the chain will Jagger but others like
tweets that's genius
that sounds like dreams that sounds like
a
like yeah yeah that's mine or something
we're sorted now be fair we don't even
need to wrap this well I don't be the
one who now all right I just put some
like retarded okay yeah
I don't know what is Ashe and compute
power that's good we can wrap this end
well you don't wanna I'm not done I'd
say a little more tape over here to get
a set there we go if you get a Christmas
present Christmas ha ha ha if you got
Christmas credit from us be able to say
oh my that's one done yeah oh wait here
we go
hey it's it's going up hold on there
this is behind again and I whoa but it
just it oh yeah oh god Josh Oh
it isn't like it's not like you
challenge get out if such a gift wasn't
time please unwrap this up oh yeah I
don't know why I feel it's in there
somewhere
okay right beautiful now as you get
cupboard said another one present - I'm
thinking we go with this more proud of
you vapor no nothing so this is a car
farmer again buddy actually up pulled
them in Ivy told them internally we
should have pulled them in family to
tent it with like a missile shape
because of master this you go by your
family presence to just wrap that I
probably take a long thing okay click on
see inside there's no real like strategy
for there okay it's pretty safe to say
with one Russian just make a base
spaceship make its own weird what is
that okay and it's gotta be here yeah I
don't know yeah
crappy mouth I'm not yeah looks like
it's got from the in it way boom done
okay
I'm doing what you want okay take off
- wait the wrong places
this is a super big Hades City because
on the inside yeah I'm outside know what
it is it's that new revolutionary power
let you know it's a cup oh can you feel
it you're fine wrong with no cup it's
circular cos a circular no sorry but
they won't want to feel a bit sticky you
happy
Tiger with
I'm connected okay oh all right we just
like genius would you be I'm just not
gonna get so they're not gonna guess
that one at all and then that one nah
hey why I thought I Chi is this is the
man nope
because did you take your skill yeah all
right so the president's have been made
and I hate to make this out there are
our presents guys are offering ooh nice
look at you all the big one Mario's oh
my so we done badly we thought we
grabbed them badly at least my god yeah
are you oh yes you know to feel it
you're allowed to break a coconut ho
yeah just don't break it open it
did you guess anything inside that point
what does that feel like you like
biscuits ones in a hand truck and they
kiss enjoying life let's do this ain't
inside kitchen rolls back sweet since I
kissed your mouth that's good you like
it you're good right
yes squid you like could could you put
your room in their kitchen rosebud - we
didn't bear holes in there ah there's a
ants inside it bugs I feel a kitchen
roll how you turn my phone off
yeah well kitchen roll I mean it's just
open yeah yeah yeah open it up let's go
smoke now
so the top is a plug Oh
why all the shaky is this yeah look at
that
subscribe to darker it's a plug a beer
we wrap wrapping baby all right
no points the Sun this is a bad rap one
of the tail okay no no or something half
there oh I feel like I can't work out
have my big drilling sound it's just a
salad egg I think it's the paper yeah
wait I have no idea that's it happen I
need that ones out there at the friend
about this good your kid ain't you never
get away it's not cheating on the tree
and find out what squashed bottle are
you sure your Varian but shut up Simon
are you sure good luck come up in it I
don't I don't know where to start I said
this beyond the I think it's perfect
just take glue some more wrapping paper
resin it's another brother visit
anything else let me propose you I don't
know what it feels like we don't get to
guess now wife it's a news so you can
kill yourself spreading joy in Christmas
so I ready for a rainy day you're the
king of EP doesn't go away if that I've
been around one through my eyes you get
some funny stuff thank you no part of
the blames about I'm not sure it made me
really angry presence - I hope I keep
that like I can't catch you guys I'm
just saying it's just nothing nothing
oh no way no way ha ha think I sound a
small thing I'm doing it but God is tiny
feet but we can see from Oh Philip isn't
getting rapping skills non-existent oh
oh
he's meeting that rapping oh yeah yeah
yeah he's gonna give me that job twice
this one so thank you watch your palm
with some toilet paper
oh yeah I think it means Oh bingo no way
giving your finger or would you mean
like why did you phrase it like that
money obviously mmm must be tissue when
you guys rip it today hey hey I feel
like they're gonna try and be small that
flyer I know I did for me is that
something we put some light on a message
there paper that says subscribe and have
a bug no there's another blood they've
gone for paper okay
coconut oh okay no nothing guys open up
by the waters duck they concur on both
finger saying fear on is nothing to do
it I can do it
do I look sick let me to 3/5 Oh sick
half of a shower Josh Oh God there you
go now can I do want to look at their
either they aren't even see those give
it way now
shit I so present - it's sticking the
cell type you stick my hand which is
ridiculous are you so jaded rapping
skills have helped us there is this just
more rapid is there more rapping inside
um there's something really really hard
hey ya body it's there but fills their
second unwrapped it on the other side we
can see ya bye they shot to pay the
heart I feel like a buffalo what's on
your bottle like it is so expensive some
guitar reason what how instructions we
own house I don't know I see one over
there what we bought that's new because
this is still in its rapid this is an
intuition of why would you guys I don't
know what do you want let's just say one
thing each that's random oh okay he's
got a head a lighter I've got my divisor
I can change my to our container it
contains something you may hope to
alternate your turn tell me well can I
just do it
you might cut the actual prison who
cares
let me go puppy in there the cook over
this is like surgery we've got to go any
toilet wrapping what is it what is it
bit Oh what you have things that we
don't even know you have
wait wait wait why Jessica what a fuckin
lady Catelyn cries about this side man
Oh case two cups every just said I don't
ice scraper if we just said cop go do
two one
I mean it was it will go to the ice
cream bar which I think more obscure we
put your gear because of this ends if an
iPhone case there and the posh goes the
iPhone case from Saipan claiming calm by
right now Hartley closed until 2016 Oh
rumours that you won Walmart I am just
saying I think I'd rather have nothing
no good let me get it snowy you live on
the ice road but not with a phone into
habits on there you know hey Lacey so
about the German firms you happen to
good and down right or they won smashed
it
hey just put this up that's all prison
so this is right Nigel visit a these two
one
she's so nearly broke a Kendall
Montgomery alright guys be sure to check
out everyone in the description below
thank you so much have a good Christmas
I go yeah
