yo what's going on guys and welcome to a
video that I wasn't really gonna do
basically I wasn't gonna do a video
today but I thought I saw these packs
and I thought why not oh these are the
little bastards that made me feel so
sick last time I don't know why I'm
doing this again especially this close
to Christmas this is gonna ruin it
anyway if you're wondering why this is
the different angle it's cuz I'm
standing up because I really don't want
to do it and I know I'm not gonna be
able to sit down
so there are 35 K packs out right now
five of them I'm gonna open all of them
right now and if I don't get someone or
over eighty one rated I have to have a
drop now I know what you're thinking
that sounds quite easy but packs are
terrible these days so 81 is the limit
upset there so the most drops I can have
is five last time it is not eight and I
don't want to do it I don't want to do
too many because it could ruin my
Christmas
although this time I am more prepared Oh
winter wonderland ice cream I didn't
have ice cream last time I'd milk and I
don't like milk this time I thought why
not Minter you know mini-mental
wonderland so for example a gold pack if
this was one of the 35k packs
I would get the player that pops up it
is 77 I'm so happy that's not actually
one of them so I would have to have a
drop right now so firstly do not try
these drops of cake as they are frickin
horrible so here we go back one we are
good for the fever points:5 batch please
if I got I've I'll do all of these and
every single drop I'd be happy with that
but one
done please Christmas be nicely EA
please no just just a to rate advice
perfect just above a might be terrible
but it's all I need is an 80 mm awful
awful pack you know I one down four to
go and here we go for the second one
please 82 rated 82 breaches please no no
it's wait please
no wait no there's no one over Y one
rated is that no no eighty a rated
Rondon which means I'm having one of
these I know how bad these drops are as
well look it it just looks like death oh
oh no on there begins this is a mistake
fact three yeah yeah yeah gaga
oh my god I want bike you know I forgot
to get a spoon lads
I get ice cream helps quite a lot Oh
Diego pasta mate I think I've recovered
right two packs a meaning that most I
can have two more drops obviously who
loves do not have another one I think
I've recovered from that one though the
ice cream please good wine
oh it makes actually quite good I'm
gonna be happy if only after one Hey the
brain man he's actually sick right it's
time to kick in again we have one final
pack maybe looking I'm not gonna look
please father Christmas come on you
can't spell father without EA please run
it boys we've done it we've done it
yours
now just because it is Christmas and I'm
being nice okay well I'm not being nice
mean to myself we're gonna open 115k
pack and if we get someone I raise you
one rated I'm not doing any more and
that's the end of the video I do then
I'm doing one more drop then that's it
this is the moment of truth
please I thought why am I doing this I
got off is easy I only had one please
what if he dies I know all of you are
probably like oh do another drop no you
know what I survived pick the right
number chose eat one thank God but to be
honest I wasn't gonna do a video today
so I'm just gonna stop there sorry this
is a very very short video but yeah
hopefully you guys enjoyed it anyway
have a good Christmas and yeah sure
dude just remember that yeah ruins of
that
