what's up guys the Merry Christmas even
though it's actually three days till
Christmas you can tell it's Christmas
because I'm a Christmas jumper look at
that gangsta Xmas that's right I listen
to storms you want in case you guys
missed the video I did last Halloween
basically I got you guys to tweet me
sentences on Twitter I then got a friend
of mine called Adam or add some apps to
put them into a story and then I would
read it to you and it'll probably be
really really weird this time we've gone
for a Christmas theme as it is Christmas
he's then gonna animate certain parts of
it so that you can visualize more
vividly what's going on although you may
not want to based on what happened last
time I quickly whipped my erect Willie
out and smack him in the face
but yeah without further ado let's go
let's get into the story once upon a
time there was a group called the
sidemen who decided to fly to Siberia to
spend Christmas there it was Christmas
Eve when all was silent apart from JJ
rapping loudly promoting his new EP hi
see how this is gonna go already
Simon came out to find Vic timing the
Christmas tree saying I want to be a
fucking star mate
so the sidemen decided to put him up
there instead of a traditional stuff all
of a sudden father Josh no father
Christmas father Josh climb down the
chimney so he's not even daddy in this
he's father you feel a lot like Daddy
Simon moan disease stroke Santa's beard
when he says Santa jizz he means Santa
or does he actually mean Josh either way
this weird why am i moaning here you
little weird let this Christmas tree
fell on top of it all of a sudden Jack
Frost appeared and froze Jay Jay's
mixtape does he really need to freeze it
it's not on fire anything is Vic good up
the punch JJ for claiming he could rap
you guys are savage you know I'm usually
like six sentences in we've had three
references to JJ's rapping already Simon
knew if he didn't include this in the
video he'd never get jollof rice from
Toby again it just doesn't make any
sense that was told me that tweet it
wasn't it meanwhile Toby Ethan and Harry
started seeing silent night outside the
Seidman house because just refused to
let them in typical father Josh a that
even played the wrong version of jingle
bell rock out loud what's the wrong
version stroke
Misaka Makai unless he thought it was
like a game and he was trying to like
jingles someone's Bell let's move let's
move on let's move on JJ decided to chop
up some Christmas trees and Santa farted
in Ethan's back wait Ethan then became a
hot girl what is going on now and then
Santa sat on JJ's lap what is going on
when did Santa start sleeping around
first of all I'm stroking his beard next
thing is seeing on JJ's lap Ethan gave
Simon a wink as he placed an oddly
shaped present under the tree so I take
it just let them all in because somehow
he's in here and he's now a hot girl
actually if he's a hot girl then it's
not that bad that he winked to me no no
no Simon it's still Ethan is still Ethan
in that body while all of this was
happening Harry stood under the
mistletoe patiently waiting fingers
gulped
that's guernsey for you Jamie no where
and it started singing man down here
why why why is that a Christmas story
Jean screams hysterically bye big ears
and made him deaf a snowman then
appeared and started touching gee oh my
god you guys really don't like JJ do you
Vic died for no reason of whatsoever
sorry back then the sidemen burst into
the elephant dance why are we doing the
elephant Vic just died we didn't
elephant dance and Vic is dead we're
doing the elephant dance Vic is dead on
the floor Harry's getting off with a go
and JJ is getting molested by a snowman
oh no going to Siberia anytime soon even
the turkey hopped off the table and
started playing the drums with his legs
is that another Toby one is that pun the
drums with its legs the drumsticks good
one pause this was going on Ethan
pressed a cold candy cane against
Simon's lips and asked you like that
Simon replied
minty fresh I think I would find that
weird you know he's just literally
pressing this against me that'd be
really strange you like that now you get
where I'm coming from then Ethan turn to
g'd and kissed him on the lips while the
sound of Josh singing jingle bells
rattled his ears is this snowman still
there they then lived happily ever after
under the shelter made of baby diapers
what the fuck how are we gonna live
happy one of our friends has just died
one of them is getting touched by Ethan
in a snowman one of them is still
touching a goat for some reason and then
Toby's just there promising me Jon off
that doesn't sound like a good Christmas
to me
but regardless that is the end of the
Christmas story for today if you guys
did like it be sure to leave a like and
be sure to check out ads perhaps in the
description as well thank you guys for
watching Merry Christmas and sure hahaha
yes alright at least I was didn't reach
the goal either Christmas revenue mad ha
ha ha there's children around
