yo guys what's going on and I stubbed my
toe what's going on guys welcome to a
FIFA video I know I said I wasn't gonna
do anything I don't I'm not going to
really I'm just doing one because I
haven't played a single game as you can
tell by the record zero zero zero but I
decided you know what it's time I need
to try this game and I actually haven't
played FIFA I have never played a game a
fee for 18 so we're gonna do it online
draft
we're gonna try and win see if we can if
we can then you know maybe I'll try
again but if we can't then this game is
awful and if worse comes to worst then
you know I can just show this pack guys
lick a packet Ronaldo you know so
packing Ronaldo there's a title if this
all goes wrong you know that all my
first time screw it why not why not open
this pack oh oh
billboard at least billboard at least
Cavani yeah what wait 85-87 walk out we
gonna walk out I don't know if that was
guaranteed but we gotta walk out I
enough talking and I'm jibber jabber
let's go into a drop welcome to the blah
blah blah blah don't know what
formations good this year but I'm going
with this one I need defenders because I
feel like I'm gonna be really bad at
defending we get no one really fits the
formation we're gonna go with earth so
just these highest rate it's striker
let's go come on give me give me someone
to make oh oh I don't I don't care I
know he's there but informally Oh
madoski this is gonna be bad for us I
was gonna take sunny but then I realized
what am i doing Marni let's go mon it I
think we're gonna get a BPO team will
have to take lemon Dorsky off and then
we're gonna have to bring him on
nevermind we're taking a messy she'll
take a million but messy is messy 9480
I've killed I mean hopefully I don't
have to choose among a misuse the
Bundesliga player just so if I do get a
Bundesliga right winger I can play him
and then link them that's not good sense
of it please yes okay we can get fellini
killed German oh okay actually he would
live with Messi
if I take him then we're gonna do this
boom and then now we actually want a
Bundesliga right winger when all things
go wrong just get know not as dumb told
you guys I don't play this game anymore
I don't know Pepe is pointless now being
in a 50 Oh
we could take all the field ah no no no
I don't know Sonics a nice ain Mustafi
he's German as well
good thinking Simon I'm glad I actually
figured that one out before I made a
dumb decision and now we can get him
yeah we'll take mini late Butland
r端diger we're taking highs reign if we
can't fit them in the team oh oh oh we
can take Bane's
and blame instead of Milner we could
take company and play instead of Mustafi
or we take Chiellini and bring him on
you know what I don't want Milner on the
pitch I was lying I don't want Milner
that I just can't have him I'm very
sorry but I'd know I can't have him well
this is fucking awful oh my god give me
something in the BBL just to submit
filled up okay oh it's renowed or we're
in it I'm sorry okay I'm not gonna
through nowadays ag端ero boom 12km
wakame ah it's one of these two who do
we go for everyone's gonna hate me for
this but I'm gonna go Kakarot well take
Barkley and I know you're probably
wondering why but we could put Barkley
on for him then sort those two Bank on
Jackie okay we get Katina all we get any
more realistically veteran might replace
hit that guy but we just had car Walker
as a choice those two oh no no Neymar
he's coming on off the bench screw it
silver I don't think we're gonna get
anything good we'll take the baldies you
know what would take Sanchez let me let
me try some stuff all right I mean I'm
happy with this team to be honest we
didn't really change anything but we got
a 186 on our first ever draft we can
still wacky in a manager yeah you know
what let's get the German guy sure okay
one eight six I mean the tactic is
straight away or anointment straight
away you know we can bring on Neymar
form on a we could even bring on levin
dosti very where if we're struggling
yeah let's go hey let's see your first
ever game I really don't want to start
with a loss five at the back you little
prick hazard as a left back bellowing
right-wing back do I know chem what is
this game this isn't FIFA what is that
why does it why is this oh dear no I
don't want to concede but I wanna score
first oh okay okay
turn back out and play it through
playing through play men oh no oh it is
okay well that was very anticlimactic
when it goes in
and what take touch finesse boom tony'll
bitches turn it straight from his
kickoffs it later first game 14 minutes
in we win we went he's quit could be a
bad start ah classic classic the lads
can Simon win four games in a row his
first ever four games on FIFA 18 and
wind the draft find out now Game two
motherfucker
oh okay he's a bit more switched on just
a BPL team although sun is a left mid
playing sentiment it's a decent team it
feels weird like i notice i know it's
the football rule and everything to only
have one player at kickoff now but it
feels weird
this is it this is it boom wait wait and
boom why did I bother it and then I
should have taken another touch now
we're stretching our legs play it out
wide turn in finesse what the fuck
turn him and smash it across it it's a
go yo I don't not like goals in this
game it doesn't feel right yeah I saw a
lot of people tweet me saying you're
gonna you're gonna get shat on on this
new game because of the way the funding
works here we go down the line that's a
pen that was just that was so bad man
okay yeah no beans go for it
how do I take these but watch what
happens penalties I mean we scored two
nil man that vendor oh man like Messi
ready Oh see how we do we can do all of
them and he's paused it see you later
mate see you later game - done - nil
three Neal both quit guys I've only just
played a half a game of FIFA so far the
first one was 14 minutes that one was 30
we're about half time in the first game
right now we've made two people quit and
100 cam he actually has a good team this
guy actually knows what he's doing for
once other guys I wasn't so sure let's
go here we go this is game 3 okay no
this guy's this guy's a lot better this
guy's a lot better than the last couple
guys although that was bad defending in
me I hate three kicks in those positions
okay
as I said team this could be where I
where I lose it all okay no go go go go
go turn back oh no I didn't know what to
do
please please please please please
boom whoa how are you not scoring there
how is he getting out of this messy
finesse I'll take no take a deflection
I'll take anything right now and then
that's the ball that's the that's a bull
oh no oh oh yes I said I'd take anything
right now I get something leaner
he knows I'm turning back McKee stop it
no he can't take a touch and smash wait
wait
breath no no no no no this is bad but
made it a half time one or I don't know
how we got a goal I mean I mean I feel
like I deserve a goal I'm just saying I
don't know how we got that goal how
about six shots four and takis at three
and three just saying you know don't do
it don't do this to me don't do this to
me come on I've worked so much harder
than you for my goal I've worked so much
harder yeah I'll have a can I have the
advantage please oh my god I thought I
was on side one go on son smash it
across boom two two one I said to nil
we're leading Celia hold him off hold
him up
Marnie I might have to take money off
for that jeez no stop
yeah I've read that thank you what no
for what are you giving him how are you
giving him a free kick here no no no no
no no no keeps thank you Oh slow it down
okay pause it there one more turn out
finesse top corner how are you saving
that that was a great inform ag端ero
it's not scoring from there
Oh positive Oh and where is the run that
should have been a go big tackle offside
please no no no please don't win that
that's fine that's fine that's my ball
you know what I will take him out I will
take you out to dinner mate before I let
you score big tackle and boom end the
game wearing the final three wins out of
three you know what if I win the next
game I might just retire from c418
I might just play my four games win done
out that's that's it saying that I
normally lose in the final so I guess
we'll see and saying that I haven't used
Neymar yet or lemon dusky let's see the
team that I'm gonna face a decent decent
ppl things
it's decent ppl thing that's good good
BPL see that's what I'm facing standing
in my way between me and then unbeaten
FIFA Korea oh I beg I beg this guy's
just awful like I'd love it so much yeah
yeah this guy's this guy's good guys
this guy is definitely he's actually is
actually very good so now ah beautiful
turn and then we're dink it in um what
were you gonna pass up yeah I knew it
everyone does the same thing but it's
because the game's changed it's hard to
deal with it oh my god keeper how'd this
delay this is the delay understand how
is he getting this chance look look you
see that
yeah thank you going Messi win the
header your ten-foot tall just believe
it if you believe it's true you know
what long shots long shots I feel like
they don't work based on how good
keepers have been against me feel like
they don't work wow wow wow wow I'm
losing please pause it why is it not
pause how long do I have to queue for
why is there a queue I'm not in
Sainsbury's
I mean Aldi does the pool have to go out
of play or something yeah and there's
another goal because I've been trying to
freaking make a stop for the whole
fucking time
well Messi's injured marnay you know
what money fuck it ag端ero you look a
little bit tired
screw it I'm just going for some crosses
now he's had four shots I've had four
shots to one target each I should have
taken Messi of shinai he's injured I
should have put name on the right kick
money on out mmm nice keep that on your
mother play min ref that's a pen thank
you send him off as well send him off
that's over boom let's go over how the
fuck do you take penalties in this I
mean we're back to one in oh please I
just want to use this how does he get
these passes through he gets some mad
passes through that they shouldn't
really work like legit when this guy
wants to he turns very good like that
like that what okay I assumed that was
in that we're gonna we're gonna let a
goal in now it's not gonna even matter
yep there we go it's over game just got
a lot dumber first ever draft we put up
that as a frickin fantastic door mate
and there it is we lose in the final how
can you get more mini Minter than losing
in the final way every draft I ever do
is always you know do well to see it
whatever get to the final lose what do
we get let's see the draft prizes this
year
jumbo premium go pack okay no no
billboards that is yeah that's something
else and this one it's just seven rares
but they're not all players no billboard
no even not even 83 rated player man
right I'm gonna end the video there I'm
gonna just open some packs and if I get
anyone they'll be up now oh here we go
it's that this is the bill oh we get it
in form and that's the best way to end
the video it is as Granquist you know
that's the end of the video I mean we
end up with an in-form sorry that was
yeah and it showed one pack but you know
what that's the only inform we've got
we've got first draft first inform thank
you guys for watching
please I mean grandma in know seen man
on my circle that's my team if you wait
there more time you can fuck off my
knock ever and x-men scream I wanna do
this team that I'm older I surpassed
hundred thousand soul tell my manager
fuck this job I'm gonna take my chance
on a roll
