Merry Christmas almost it's almost
Christmas is the 21st today I'm actually
recording this yesterday so it's the
20th we have like four five days till
Christmas this is episode 25 of the very
best so it's you know it's a good number
to be done by Christmas obviously it
will be back after Christmas but this
would be the last one until then so I
want to go out with two wins top comment
today was to by Roberto Firmino so I'm
going to buy him he's a lot cheaper than
you thought it was he is another
midfielder and I already have like eight
the fielders luckily as he is very cheap
and mean the next episode I can buy
someone else
so with about 7,000 coins let me know
who you want me to buy let me know in
the comments most liked comment will be
the one I choose to be sure to like each
other's comments I said like so many
times I like I'm from Essex or something
we begin getting rid of the originals 3
sorry Oscar you are now out of my team
this is the team were playing the only
change they is for me no and we are in
Division four we lost our first game but
we don't want to talk about out for now
the only thing we care about is this
guy's team I need to channel my inner
Christmas and win this game this doesn't
really fit but I guess it'll have to do
let's do this come on no give me the
ball give me the book house oh oh wait
no no wait and then turn in and then
shoot no actually push ooh that time
anima depiction oh yes get out lies me
yep no is he boom big tackle I saw you
guys this is actually really pissing me
off I'm sorry that I'm being really
Grinchy right now but it is really
really annoying for the headset seeing a
man but men live post bang what oh oh
it's great tackle great challenge oh no
that was a bad pass by it's without it's
what's out let's go get rid Gary George
best goes are a banger what the living
room ok where do we go we need to figure
out this carefully buzzes ooh no there
was such a simple pass oh my god I need
a goal run
tell them all right oh I knows I should
have worked no okay a one-goal and it'll
be all great Christmas won't go and
it'll be a great Christmas I'm not even
asking for a win right now come on come
on come on quick Christmas yes he's a
freaking relic how is he diving like
that oh the Chancellor placing him right
Tomic some but all that time was amazing
and then the touch was all fall no no no
keeps keeps Tim I've never lost two
games in a row with this series so too
fricking if I lose this now isn't that
all no really no the early
counter-attack the young George best oh
boy minute I thought believe I just
couldn the young George best that
doesn't work let's stop stop stop no no
I said one going it's a good Christmas
it's a now gonna be a good Christmas
guys you're welcome you're well yes Tim
ignore that ignore that just just
imagine Christmas is tomorrow okay you
may be for some of you watching that's
all we're looking for right now we're
just looking for the fact it is
Christmas and we are happy 400 ref
George George George George best is a
gg4 George right we got another chance
another chance the pate oh no okay or
not okay
no track back now track back stop that
please
right go go go let's get counter counter
attack counter attack yes yes run run
look at the pace from gradle the Pacer
umbra del the pace the pace the turnin
the turnin a good Oh Oh George George
what a drag ha ha ha doesn't this from
any angle I want to say with confidence
that 3 Neal I feel like I've done it
bad tops three-nil up 15 minutes left I
think I've done it why do I save it why
do I say these things why do you do this
to myself how the hell is this happening
are you mad are you mad they even tried
that no keeps that keeps us over game
over you're three minutes left mate I've
got the ball yeah look mate it's over
it's over stop stop don't try and get
final goal don't try and lose me any
coins it's Christmas time could be nice
play nice run let's go let's try and get
another go and lose him some coins he
tried it with me all right don't look at
me like I'm a bad person but yeah
exactly
don't know where I'm going there's bat
pose boom oh you know what I won through
fun I'm happy okay he may have won on
stats and I may have won on the score
but can we both just agreed I won with
my name because his name is garlic who's
their self garlic one more wins today
and it's gonna be an amazing Christmas
okay it may still be but I'm just saying
it will guarantee an amazing Christmas
we're gonna try the young coyote as a
CDM instead of Schneiderlin okay I don't
know why I just do these things out of
randomness we still need another
defender instead of motorcycle cos I'm
sorry guys I'm not playing in there and
Game two consists of a team all locate
us yeah nice little hybrid team he's got
there let's just hope I'm not trying any
shit let's do this guys come on
secure the good Christmas okay where is
my team just gone my teams just
literally disappeared and how is he
holding me off so much I can't play them
in nice nice and then where do we go
where do we go back post now I will take
a corner yeah you think I'm going short
don't you but I'm not I'm going to your
keep up cuz mates now tensed Iams always
shoot in these positions I mean it's
never gonna go in but
I'm just I'm always I'm always tempted
but I do not have the biggest team so I
doubt I've ever I keep putting it to
hear the key parts in a zoo City Zoo
bomb oh yes this one come on going well
so far today but can we maintain we
cannot can we can we make that we can
George best on the wing to address oh no
no no all right
Oh George best is still there plus in
one more one more
but oh oh I'll nip posters say bitkeeper
oh no we're mates but let me have
another things over I think's over phone
no I'm George best you Judas how is he
saving me he was a man off scored one
this keep us amazing no no no no way no
way has he even got a chance out of that
it's disgusting
come on George you're outside you're
outside you outside you're outside wait
wait okay yeah you don't know where I'm
going you don't know where good Laurice
I'm sorry for crossing it so much but
it's working so why not but uh uh red
pen pen pen really hot time there ah
this is too close I don't like it I want
a good Christmas it's like I'm helping
him it's literally I'm trying to get him
a goal although he's not taking it i I
uh uh Oh bother to chew gum
lay off not lay it and again and then
but oh I see that you've missed an open
goal bradle oh my days I know he's
turning in these at ease in fact I don't
know if that well I was that cross was I
shot okay now we actually have a chance
you know what okay all right all right
no no no no no wait wait wait wait wait
that was a shot that was a shot all my
days oh my days are there Zola Ben
there's a pen no I wonder
I want the pen oh my god wait no one
hour did Prince boss
I told you is literally like I'm trying
to lose but I'm honestly not possible
and then turn all right and then no no
no and now it's a 90th minute corner
ah please challenge with a challenge
serious
oh I beg I beg I just get rid of that I
beg I beg I beg Tim Tim new Legend
that's it we've done it we've done it
just to win that - that one was way more
deserves nothing even know I even know
you get a scored a couple I should have
scored more and that is six points out
of a nineteen necessary to win the title
in Division four I can do this division
like straight away then I have three
more divisions to do by the time fever
ends that should be doable but you guys
need to let me know how I can improve my
team or whether you want me to start a
new team that's all for today thank you
guys what should be sure I like each
other's comments and Sue and have a good
Christmas I forgot my that's seriously
Charlie
the who that's what I call a Christmas
cracker am i right
