it's over lads it's over the series it
could be over EA have patched
high-pressure they patched so much stuff
pretty much everything that made me good
at the game so now we're back for the
very best and I don't know if I'm going
to win the games they could be horrible
it could be it could be disastrous we
won't know until we play a game I
started to get as well told me to get
Terry for the peace partnership with him
a motorcycle you know what I think
someone's changed shit that is why body
is the top comment today that's who I'm
buying
Wow he's average and he's also very very
expensive I don't actually know if I can
afford him kind of told you guys I have
7,000 coins and you've told me a player
that's either 25,000 coins or 800 750
whether well that didn't really work
looks like we're all getting banged I
really like how this team played last
time so I'm gonna keep it exactly the
same and as I said last time one point
and we have the title that title gives
us about 7,000 coins which means we'll
have like 15,000 coins it's still not
enough a body but we will be in Division
four and the final game of the division
hopefully any wall is going in form but
it's not the best thing for me to yacht
or it's a good team it's a good team but
I'm not sure about the manager guys fine
for a relegation let's do this guy's
right I have no idea what the patch is
gonna be like hopefully it won't really
affect anything where's my team at
where's my team at where's my team at
where's my tea thank you Tim where the
hell was my defense now we're just he
have so many attackers all right I know
you're gonna cross here I know you're
gonna cross it but
okay that's fine come on border you're
doing well so far all right where do we
go where to get up Oh for this for this
in sons it's done thank you for
finishing our freedom hey whatever since
greater went out the team and then came
back into the team of years being our
native don't get complacent son we just
need that one point but I want to win
because I don't like drawing children or
didn't do that ah okay you saw that
coming where do we where we what are we
doing where's my team that touch that
touches mad aside your hair I'm playing
like an idiot right now I mean I know
I'm winning but I'm playing so badly
this is ridiculous go on run Gradle run
where's your place oh we've got car war
garters and I need Pacey as frickin Kyle
Walker there now he's on the attack oh
oh oh qe okay I know you informed and
then yeah you're gonna carry you're so
predictable me learnt some new stuff all
right where are we going where we going
ah no no that's all the words come on
pen pen please please okay with that win
that okay and for that no turn out what
oh I don't sound good done the old trick
Rooney the old trick or Rooney yeah you
don't know where I'm going Oh boom it
literally I think gray does my best
player I know he didn't score but it's
pretty much a goal that was put it okay
Marshall might be my best player this
guy loves a good old cross he does he
loves them absolute okay that is good
good yeah good pow and here's his goal
just on half time there it is there's
his goal one half time bit like it was
45th minute he had an attack it was a
goal good to see that they're fixing the
stuff that really matters and there it
is halftime great great hard although I
only need one point I don't know why I'm
getting so upset I mean I have nothing
to complain about I don't know if I
deserve to be winning bit of a sad
episode right now isn't it let's make it
not as sad all right let's actually
score goal all right let's go let's go
pull and then was theirs the next pass
we've got to just keep an eye on where
we're gonna go next there we go we see
him again and you know what bang it
across hold useful I think about he's
never the best player always see I see
yes
he is the best player I told you I wanna
make this a happy episode I don't want
to make this sad it was
we did George sink you faster I'd seen
it keep on come on door come on 15
minutes left although I only need a draw
as I said do you know in this series
when I just take Jules we're trying to
be the very best pass it one more one
more one more one more is off sighs all
right done how was it on side turn in on
there Vanessa I don't even know who that
was
oh no go on cut in here gone and they
cut back and then we all know bees do it
doesn't every time and yeah it's kind of
hard to stop no you can't have a 45th
minute goal and a 90th minute go yeah go
on
cut him yeah and then cut back yeah and
then go across it in yeah thank you do
the same thing every time that's it
we've done it we've done it voice and I
pulled it back I think I deserve to win
him told there it is there's the seven
thousand coins we only lost one game
that division if I lose one game every
division I am completely fine but now
division Ford a big boy ball our
division people call this the division
one of the future you know what I'm
actually gonna take off Wilshire for a
game and play when y'all dumb don't know
why I just have a feeling about who's
you're gonna have to face up against t
is the face Suarez and Anne in ES third
or three years in the motor division for
high here we go Oh early start early
start and he's just mucked up right you
know what we need to keep the pressure
on keep the pressure up even though high
pressure apparently doesn't work as well
we're gonna keep it up high
he's gradle the top boy the top water my
god we had was good an attack we're
gonna tackle it was very good attack
please don't lose enough
ah no where's your pause across no no I
just had to be a bit harder she said oh
a little attack little attack we cross
in a bowl you know what when you are
them you just take you that was a good
assist poor Laurel see when Adam knows
what he's doing even if he hits it off
like three players he knows what he's
doing eyes put a play on the line but
can't George best find the net anyway
but oh no it's got the pace it's got the
pace can't get it off no it's Suarez you
ain't gonna be missing that was swor
run run run run run when you yell damn
it across it's one of those days I'm not
winning this game last chance before the
half last chance before the half last
chance before the half George best on a
solo run are you mad
oh just say all of that run from George
best for nothing
oh you come passing around your own area
although this is I'm getting flashbacks
to the last game right now I've just
scored before half-time now that means I
may lose 2-1 what oh he shouldn't score
look at look at that you should not have
scored oh yeah casually Granado hazard
yeah that's cool that's what you do oh
oh here we go the Renaldo show begins
the Rinaldo look at him he's not even
running he's literally just chilling and
he's freaking running around everyone
it's oh my god where is my team like how
come I never have anyone the attack
right posture let's get some nice
passing movement no see you can't pass
it if you're not facing that way guys an
in Division four might be my uh my
little settling season I think I may
have to just you know get used to the
the patch get used to how it plays get
back to my best and then you know like
get a better team and stuff in the free
group move up ah 20 minutes left
please don't score another that's just
embarrassing you can do had two shots he
has the possession but it's not in a
dangerous
I really yeah here we go right and then
I'm not there you spanked Gradle what
the hell after all of that we've lost
our first game in Division four I knew
it was gonna happen there was the patch
today the fat even won one game I'm
happy with so I'm not freakin happy with
that he had two shots and he's gone both
I mean we need six wins in a draw so but
still plenty plenty of time the patch
may have taken an effect on my gameplay
so we will regroup next episode you need
to let me know who to buy for about 16
thousand coins no more that is all for
today thank you guys for watching let me
know top corner with I want to choose
special items comments and see up here
we go here we go hopefully you want it
no white cement wait wait woah Asami
well okay I'm sorry but still you mix up
steel you oh oh oh oh forget it forget
it for now - gone down our calm down
Josh get off is right by Tim talk gone
Chris
