what's up guys and welcome to three play
online FIFA I am joined today with Toby
and Chris we're going to be taking over
some random person online and just see
if we can win we know a place together
photos you like once knowing that way
not in that way and I would never play
people with you know how to breathe
breathe so this is the team will use it
this is Toby's team so if it's
disgusting blame him I kept all these
players he's all first owner you packed
been that are you serious he changed hi
guys you ready for this fall ready guys
take your this he's got over me I'm
rebuffed good lost he's got you this guy
he's gone oh wait what we have MS n-no
mrs. Swasey oh no no wait wait hi I'm
green okay this is behind well guys
let's go well I can't see my player
there you go oh that was
maybe on glide walk out on your on
controls but what's our team name guys
anyone know nothing I'm not fitting okay
we're gonna go with mini jizz MD okay in
each of them deep please young my
madness heading down the line step okay
oh there's a bore hole guys are valid or
from paper you see Missy XE Oh what I
can actually some talking decimals good
this is not going well
no perfectly though it's games
swimmingly yes he made five billion oh
it's gone okay inside shit I said if you
did oh that's not inside Oh
greatly greatly we're great are you
setting so great today I feel it stands
it's miraculous
don't touch me yeah all right so I guess
good so good so good so good god I think
she's great you think Thomas hit on me
all right
I knew a sprinting away me no me me yeah
yeah yes massa
five who was it
oh not me I wasn't me I stay side by
chance to redeem yourself that's me
oh okay no I say that was 75% my fault
maybe 80 oh yeah right oh yes grab it up
a little make do you cool yeah name our
school stuff it's so bright I really
yeah yeah you know we're saying 8% some
the Sun up to a temporary high yeah
oh yes I remember in the by everyone on
the line that everyone bought on the
line
why we got this at these course fish at
Coventry gets Ashley
oh all right why don't we go slide by
the way ma'am I'm Theodore your business
go to i1 okay although that just doesn't
yes this one judge to make it really
shit fun
take this grid oh come on Dwight find
out what wait oh thank you anyway well
gee sorry pick the code I'm just doing
it how to pick it up don't play he just
slow down k he slowed down and the work
okay you are a typical in the field
right there we go there we go okay you
want it oh I see much wait wait on that
label well the way does Holly well okay
I'm side still you mix up still you know
minutes fuck
ice you never forget us that would have
gone down our calm down shut up get off
he's right hi team talk on Chris I've
said defender backline PK knees to stay
arrows bleed at some stage and stop
going forward okay hmm you guys are
worried about him yeah oh come on yes
buddy why human no Toby I'm Tony okay
let me also corrected a house a bit
water if I would require you saying
that's not really Erica in the mixer you
know yeah really yeah a free kick oh no
you've been in the three days that there
is winner you just knows my trunk guys I
refuse to draw yeah I'd rather lose oh I
think I'll actually hold there we go -
oh come on no ref don't even think about
Raj no no no no no okay how much the
decoder day is long it's not sure it's
gonna shoot
oh my god
ten minutes left with slowly leaning
further and further forward this tape
was getting pushback from oh we got all
my facts we have a min it's happening
we're all out
oh yeah all right now tell me started oh
no oh oh I'm done yeah nice cygwin
hitting with that so let's just take a
look at where these shots will actually
from yeah yeah very bad good idea guys
so that is all for three player people
be sure to check out Toby and Chris in
the description be sure to subscribe
right over there if you want me to do
with anyone else let me know in the
comments thank you guys for watching
that you guys playing series okay I
yeah yeah Simon would be good syndicate
yeah yeah a lot yeah rally oh yeah yeah
side man
yeah mini mentor he's in the side one
he's the best one noni
if he's watching us then yes yes yes
what if he was standing next to you I
give him a given prop or girl would you
yeah why aren't you
