okay so we are here at insomnia and
obviously I'm not looking at myself
looking a bit different I'm not going to
put on a voice because I want to see how
many people recognize me who insults the
sidemen and then eventually reveal
myself to everyone I spent the whole
morning getting this done and yeah it's
time to go into here and yeah are some
questions let's go what are you here for
I'm here most of the games but sneaking
through YouTube celebrities is a really
good thing as well just keep it
interesting you said you want to feel
the side man yeah which one which one
mostly Simon and Toby yeah what about
the others I use watch ksi but he's got
a bit I don't know if the rails recently
a lot of people say that you know so the
last few events the side men have been
there but do you know about them or
okay si I've heard of him outside man no
I don't watch the site then what's the I
don't wish to leave oh so which has been
the best 52 so that was the one just
before the side man came upon yeah yeah
so the side member and a little bit
maybe how are you enjoying uh something
it's freakin over from another what
about the people people always make
that's other youtubers they were always
horrible alright how you join insomnia
great it's great I love this song so
what's the best part by insomnia this
just answer yeah what about the
youtubers oh yeah it's great
maybe you could say something to me
winter right now if he watches this
video what would you say
very very very
I agree i watch your channel you're very
good trolls us yeah I what I know I
watch it oh yeah so how you enjoying it
so I saw but rather YouTube level put me
under pressure normally I can edit my
videos at home who do you wish was here
right now that isn't here
I don't know okay I
yeah yeah so I'm gonna be good syndicate
yeah yeah a lot yeah Holly oh yeah yeah
side man
yeah mini mentor he's in the side one is
the best one though
if he's watching us then yes yes he is
what if he was standing next to you I
give him a given prop or girl would you
yeah why aren't you all you I just know
haha okay sigh yeah the other casual
case a video yeah so what are the rest
of the site man right no just chaos I
don't know very good on it nolleke sifo
no mini lad or mini-mental me a lot that
play-by-play how you enjoying some near
it's good yeah that's good yeah then
you're gonna buy that huh um holding on
uh-huh my heart no mine doesn't leave my
head like all a bad hairline I could put
on top but I don't want to see the
hairline you can put on top All Right
see ya so you enjoying this on here yes
not bad if you could come again who
would you want to be well I know the
syndicate normally comes what about our
case I on the side man okay yeah dead
ksi definitely so another side man not
really I don't really watch a lot of
this video that's not really who do you
who do you miss from last time Oh
I don't know I mean I can't really
remember who else was here who was was
here last time syndicate
oh yeah no of course Inside Man is in
Decatur mr. Holley oh yeah I messed up
yeah Seidman AJ yeah I just said that
yeah mini Mensa yeah it's like mad yeah
mini Mensa yeah sure yeah a mini Mensa
yes many mentor mini-mental
yeah
I'm Minnie Mensa I think that's Mike
Symon and he seemed nice I really love
the others
it one thing kills is supposed to meant
though it was right in the beginning so
Sofia yeah so yeah I've been probably
changed up a little bit
maybe yeah yeah a lot of them busy doing
other stuff
I think minted why have you
consecutively it's about here exploring
other options I'm sitting there all
filming videos today lost yeah more
later okay who's your least favorite Oh
mine's Nick hi I love one of them but I
would say big beauty because I watch in
the lead I double design meant bad
sleeping could I wasn't even a lot hurry
hurry doesn't do anything when he does
he's it when he does he's a great guy
well the best people here I know mini
lab mini last question why Mini lad
because minis a cool part of the name
isn't it it really is be enjoying
insomnia
are you enjoying it
the yummy fund I think opens your
favorite
probably the Seidman minute which one
why is that and seems like a pretty
sound guy outside yeah what about the
rest of the side man yeah who's your
favorite I love you back I love
why didn't assignment coming too high 56
too busy filming that's a lie is your
hair filming Phil oh yes what are
you die sorry I thought you'd be happy
you know I need to I need to say one
finger until are you it's a little bit
mad cuz all I see is but--'cause blessed
because they're one of those haha fats
are good one
 haircut hacker
