so what's going on guys welcome back to
the very best today we are playing two
more games and we are buying some one
today I said today twice 2 day 2 times
today that whatever so you guys told me
to buy Mertesacker because he's really
fast
brilliant there were other people that
told me to buy other people like there
were a few there were quite a few
players like a Corre and etc are part
this was the top comment I did ask for a
defender it is my fault
2 wins today and we would be promoted
and one point away from the title we've
got five games left it should be simple
enough but I've been slacking recently
and I need to win both games today this
is the team were playing Schneider lens
in this time I'm not making that mistake
again and you know what guys we're gonna
we're gonna do this we're gonna actually
put on Mertesacker ID I don't know why I
just really hope it doesn't have fast
strikers okay they're good strikers but
they're not fast and mud SEC is still a
good defender I come on styling come on
Mertesacker the two new boys doing this
first touch there we go look at that oh
not sure about that first touch for
Mertesacker - it's gonna be a good game
what-what-what Mertesacker with our
block football one lemon oh oh that no I
should have got me a poster just powered
it oh no here we go look at Mertesacker
space look at the pace of Mertesacker
row oh no you won attack one attack and
he literally just ran around my goal he
walked around my goalie where is my
defense and my psyche is so slow it's
honestly painful
it's so painful cuz he puts one through
ball and then he's in alright we got a
low chance no chance you know what I'm
not playing it what they literally got
so much power and yet it was so
inaccurate wits in back post babos oh
you're right bad police come okay wait
we got no
we did okay nice tackle lalana plus off
pause the back closet back pause in one
more bed beautiful bright yes what I go
was that that wasn't that was it was new
boys Madeline as they know it's his
first game even though he's been on the
bench of two games I actually figured
out how to beat this guy I've just gotta
do a quick passing quick passing and
then not sure about that shooting but
quick party alright counter counter play
through Googlebot yeah you know at near
post it Bank new post actually always
work sometimes learn something really to
one-up and it's good it's going
swimmingly see look he doesn't have the
defense now he doesn't have the defense
you know what new push again Oh hit us
up at that time keep on keep on keep on
all right put it in there you go they go
one more oh no the near player the lag
as well George best the little think
over the top little thing little dink
3-1 pure domination now early ball early
pull win it win it boom know what's so
nice as well I actually can't believe
I've just missed that I mean I'm
completely getting more chances but I
can't believe I missed it there's
another goal for once it's a domination
I don't know how I was losing to this
guy there it is half-time for one up ez
game ez life wall pressure
ref come on okay we'll take that it up
oh good Oh nothin up our side for Rudy's
Acela back gone gone gone
Oh we've turned out we turn back oh
there's so many on what's hotter on what
on Sun 6-1 it's over I mean it was
already over but it's now definitely
over oh my god his keeper just jump off
splat post seen him I've seen him never
seen him running let's got it it's
actually embarrassing now and there it
is seven one first game is done easy as
1-2-3 after the early scare of his goal
it went well but now one more game one
point and I have promotion that's all I
need I want to win this game for next
episode I just need one point for the
title then I'm in the next division and
I'm sorry but for one game I'm actually
gonna have to change it back and get rid
of murders like I know you can hate me
but at but though he wasn't good enough
in that game everyone else plays sick so
I can't change it I came to stand up BPL
team he's got some play
there are recognized Erickson Pulaski
hey hey you guys play for me before then
I decided to upgrade so you look I've
upgraded I've upgraded and my tooth pen
thank you see mutti is better than his
that's cause of you
that's cousin you guys please please
please top right oh yes there's one
we're going for another seven and when i
say seven i mean just keep a clean sheet
cuz you know he seems to be putting a
lot of pressure on me no don't get would
have been know who he is utilizing that
player yeah for the second goal we go
for a second no we're not just George
Prescott pass although we've still got
the charts on the charts is still on
boom that is a shocking pass I'm in
trouble I'm in big trouble
no I'm not because I know I'm in trouble
I need to get rid of the ball Lin
winning all the headers but somehow he's
getting corners you can actually have a
chart pitchers bears
that's socket that was absolutely
terrible I'm sorry I even put that in
the highlight reel that is a ridiculous
ball that's a ridiculous ball he's gonna
do a trick he's not that's a great save
mate keep it on not like that though not
like that not like that we don't wanna
keep on like that tackle him tackle it
there you go great challenge for he's
got cocky he's got cocky
Plus back and then finesse please that
has to be just to Neal just for our time
this guy literally just does skills all
game and it's these one''Ã´s players
that really annoys me
there it is hot time what a time to
score to nail out seems even the
basketball to logs that's all as it
keeps just doing tricks and then losing
it and darmian they're now done is their
season back post but I'm not five just
about the three to one the head of o
hoops the calls popsicles great save
I don't know how Jack Wilshire's ended
up playing like up frog for me
continuously but I'm getting another
crossing that's a great
and make your own good Kwami go up up
what oh no that was gonna be another
turn back although although although oh
how was he just that's a goal we stopped
going to miss that ok now we have a
serious situation because I've got like
what I've got how long have I got I've
got 20 minutes
come on George come on yes yes yes yes
oh yes yes also because this defender go
in the way the keep alert is keyboard he
got to that but no he couldn't play I'm
sorry oh he's open he's completely open
full take such things around and go
there we go that's a nice finish to his
weak foot I shadow know what for years
but it's over it's for one it's over all
right lads I think I've done it
I may let a goal in right now but I
think I've done it yeah there's this
tackle and it is the cake no I want to
keep giving him chances there we go that
is it we've done it that is one point
away from the title we've got promotion
in all the stats just aged ignore them
so three games left two of them are
gonna be next episode hopefully I'll get
at least one point in one of the games
that means I'll have another 7,000 on
top of the probably for 5,000 clubs
already have so about 12,000 13,000
coins let me know you want me to buy a
top cover with one I choose you sure
like each other's comments thanks for
watching and see ya whoa another one
another one we get another one that
comes up but doesn't flash up again
that's three informs this guy's cards
pretty good as well it's just one the
one that makes me go one more involved
one more come on now lisanna are we
going quick come on Oliver tickle his
feet tickle it wah wah-wah-wah-wah
tickle him come on Dewey good our summer
again man it's winter ready as the pike
drops
