what is this there is a team of the
group stages look at this team Sanchez
from now to Suarez Hall a loop or Davos
down there level just keep any of these
players cept him him him him and I will
be ecstatic now I said I wasn't gonna do
another plank opening since those
hundred k-pax until team of the year but
have to so we're opening these we're
opening 15000 coin packs and the hope
that we can get one of these in form
please can I get one I know that's not
one but please can I get 100 I have
spent enough money on packs but I
deserve something good obviously having
over many today but I have spent enough
on rindra like other times please not
the same one is it whoever is he's got a
terrible haircut all right what can I do
what can I do this this is a light bulb
pack okay why am I here light bulb why
do I still have this light bulb it
doesn't even work it's good for
something though skip
terrible whoa Terry Ankush only together
in a pack isn't that bad to be fair in a
15k pack as well these 15k packs really
get rid of your point quick see like I'm
not getting anything good going Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba message right these
are first decent player he's the pointer
if you watch my very best series you
know he's the boy you ready for this I'm
a guess who it is as soon as the
position comes up and I see the Express
and I sure go up it's like one of them
ice gems you know with the little bit on
top one player and I'll be happy one
renowned Oh again I ought to last time
Bertrand is over an hour I mean he's you
know he's the motor degwin out though
and have the luck today guys damn it I
just I don't have the luck I'm getting
non-resident in you asleep yet in a boy
again no but I don't want the boy I want
the man that is Ronaldo here no Casilla
not great why I said I wanted Suarez
obviously I didn't mean him what should
we get the other scientist now just to
rub it in a little bit more okay we got
Oscar it's cuz a good player as well
there's still definitely some luck out
there for me right now because I am NOT
getting good luck right now and I need
not summer winter right now come on man
ah this is so blown forward just one a
good player I've got Oscar so far and
I've got Terry is well I guess you could
play racket each but you're not know
what I want
Oh Lori's okay okay now they've already
not not too bad
yes I'm kind of out sending him a last
pack okay you caught me kind on that
it's time to bring out the cronut how do
you even know why I have pruners to be
honest but do it Oh actually I she had
to hope for a second then I think that
was literally about 12 pound 50 we're
just getting a lot of half piece of
players you know who no one like amazing
but it's building its building ready for
it ready for wow that didn't really work
too much Oh Oh Ramsey's not too bad he's
very decent I'm happy with it in for
blue I was just about to bring out the
euros as well Aaron Ramsey informedness
one there is one freaking inform but
we're getting another but there it is
the first inform of today one more pair
the best-informed back-to-back no okay
now we get wait up car me ha me no PK I
think I'd rather have like a lower rated
informant than a higher rated player
that's not way no is is no bueno it's
getting ridiculous now please one-one
more informed late up trolling me with
the wolves boat centre back give me an
inform right now and I won't put it in
the video how about I won't put it in
the video company is good again I'm
getting flashbacks to the 100k packs
right now because I got him like eight
times sadly that is very flashback the
pubs haven't go anymore and outers I
haven't got a legend haven't got more in
forms have got one in form and a ham
pala horn no glass a ham stick and a
draft token yeah I see I told I look
like him all the time I never got him
though geographer I would have referred
to Douglas cost up once yoga's why I
don't mean Caltrans because he wasn't in
that TV was in the actual team of the
week not the team of the group stages
actively again whoa we go on I've that's
half the fun I mean nice a ridiculous
car but I think it's a witness in
popping up said to informs but I want to
see a second one pop-up that's what I
want I want to see the animation of one
popper
that's though that's not as men as boys
whoa another one another one we get
another one that comes up but doesn't
flash up again that's three informs this
guy's cards pretty good as well it's
just one the one that makes me go one
more import one more come on now let's
on are we going quick come on Oliver
tickle his feet
tickle tickle him come on give me good
our summer again man it's winter ready
as the pike drops ah bone really well
check what I mean these goodies in my
series again what do i do ag√ºero please
end this no yeah another draws token as
I said this isn't the account that I
play the draft on because time to give
up and add to it probably tomorrow
because I am NOT getting anyone worth
getting I mean I've got three I'm
getting Aston Kutcher at the moment for
you this will be a matter of seconds for
me it will be one long sleep and then
probably a shower and some food and
setting up and then anyway now God well
I drew back there we go that was a quick
quick change for you guys I have
actually done quite a lot this is
actually two days later as well so yeah
my bad I lied there are 25 k-pax ten of
them we're open an alternative then
we're going to open the 5:35 k-pax and
then then we're done I don't care what I
get do I do but I you know we're ending
it there we've jet
makes the game but I still want an input
I'm a lot more positive today last time
I'll go into a bit of a rut because I
barely got any one I've got three
informs four they're all pretty average
and now I get Mauricio going back into
the run it would be good if you giving
me good for you good for everyone no you
want to give me a ride if there's
definitely not going well well those 25k
bites didn't last very long and this is
the last one done okay
nothing but now we have the 35 k-pax
five of them this is playing oh why am I
not gay why do they keep trolling me
with the Wolfsburg Brazilian defender
three packs remaining of this three
packs that's it three two packs
remaining that's it we're done we're
done with these packs and I end it with
a black mat as I use all the rest of my
points and just go through these
only good a good player care if he
doesn't go for much you actually get
Iniesta little bit of SH Y nice tiger
the little swine sausage on the transfer
list we've got it that's the one inform
that mean to eight threes is all right
why don't we get this swine sausage
again you got another swine sausage I
trade it for some like lower rated in
form and that's it done I love a pact
with done that is it for today that's it
for the other day thank you us watching
we get we get Leno I've other three
informs I've got swine sausage twice I
don't when I do anymore pack openings
until team of the year but that's all
for today thank you guys for watching
and see you you so much
I just so long no just think you got on
a rampage Scout now
