what's up guys welcome back to the very
best and now posting this recently but I
like to keep it you know I like to keep
it going
I want this series to finish I'm still
annoyed about last year and how I didn't
finish that one so the top comment today
was to get sterling and you said if he
is too expensive which he obviously is
like 20,000 that I should get
Schneiderlin Eriksen or matter now if
you have been watching you'll know that
I already have Ericsson so Schneider
Luna is now ours don't ask why I chose
him over matters you know it doesn't
matter
hey the only problem with that okay I
now have when yelled them pyat Erickson
and Schneiderlin I don't have a single
backup defender because this guy doesn't
count I have two strikers I have one
left forward I have a rightful because
George best of a slave but I don't have
a defender I don't have a backup
defender so I need a backup defender I
have roughly 7,000 coins left I will
have about 8,000 after this we're in
Division five we need one point to spend
the Division two wins today and I am one
point of promotion let's go into a game
ah here we go game forward okay that is
a very good team but we can beat this
and stay in the division I mean I still
have like five or six games left but now
that doesn't matter okay let's do this
come on
take a Liberty : chuckle oh ho ho ho
Gradle yes that's right I am playing
Gradle still oh ah boom there's a gold
dog one nail jackie-boy wushu is there
Gradle did so well though the last you
might have done that bro
you're even giving him a card for that
oh oh is I was gonna say that was
disgusting game's over already likes but
I need to actually put it to bed ready
boom Oh
lalana you beauty no wait let's corner
corner thank you alright then go near
and then take a touch Jack will ship for
a second that was so fucked no where you
go where you go where you a gun where's
the team ah how did he get shots oh how
did he just oh ok well duh um didn't
really go to plan but you know we still
got this
this actually isn't going to plant is it
Scott and then what am i doing
Oh lalana that was such a sick boss that
would have worked there wasn't someone
the way we're doing - I didn't work so
it didn't really work it would've worked
and now he's got powers he just got
through there okay you don't know shit
I still no no no no no no you know what
it's over there where name is den right
here right now fools fest all done this
is the Lord and I thought it'd be
especially is he is ten men I Mexican
always got so much peace Oh ref wait
wait oh oh I play that and then wait was
the next parcel in it that's just not
where I said is it okay here we go this
is the chance now this Oh
see oh
so make sorry I love deflections he's
three one down forty minutes in ten men
is he's gone he's gone George bus with
the 10 out of 10 rating and it's done we
are safe in the division one more game
to put us in that perfect position to
win the title there's no point wasting
time we always go straight in Game two
why am I not playing what should we call
it well they just bought a player and
I'm not even using him and I'm playing
against the guy with some bronzes just
got Schneiderlin I'm not even playing
him and we're off here we go if I lose
this game after winning that game so
easily
I can't Shirley so you know I'm already
through I'm already through with the
chance and know how is he okay I've
still got it
still get posit through the middle and
then touch touch touch
no that was such slow dribbling no I
haven't done a mini minute free-kick in
a quite a while so read which that's too
far oh where is it
it was only just too far ah
all why incident now why why no no no no
no no no no those that was oh wow did
you see that jump you see that oh no oh
no oh that's a pen that's a pen
he has bronzes oh look I'm going to
close my eyes just hold a direction
where to go I know he scored by didn't
see where he went
how am I gonna lose this game this this
game I'll rule them like out all the
opponents I've played this is the worst
team probably so I always say though
it's not about the team it's not the
player right now he's playing better
than me so we should change that now
where's my defense I'm gonna have to
stop playing defensive you know this
because this is getting ridiculous no oh
wow all the ones jumping on the ball for
a second time to kneel down so you look
where's my defense where is my defense
right now where is my defense
just like I literally disturbed it
that's today at the same time I somehow
don't have an attack either look where's
what where is everyone
there's three of us and yet there's none
of you off and then choppin oh no how is
he still got the ball there okay touch
touch touch and then finesse but us this
goalkeepers not that good either what I
need to go I need a goal before her time
boom his keeper just dived the wrong way
yeah that's what I thought
dragged him in and then know it keeps
come out those punch that bitch keep is
really bad cuz he feels really really
bad his keepers so bad see one of the
Bruns plays he must be you must be one
of the bronzes cuz George best is there
again oh I'm gonna keep pepper in the
goal mouse how am I losing to nil how
was it one boy whoa bang it cross bang
no no shoot shoot please I bet okay you
know what his keeper is terrible I'm
just gonna have to take some mad shots
although I need to have the ball first
this game has become so scrappy please
can I just get one chance just one
chance and then I know the pressure will
turn and then I will be able to win this
game it's all about that slow build-up
play it's all about the slow build-up
play and then boom open goal there you
go last one and now I will win so you
look now it's now it's all coming
together
so coming together oh that was so close
his keeper shouldn't have got for that
look look look it's all coming together
now it's all coming together it is all
coming guys
just one more one more and I'm ahead one
more and I'm with Oh No Wow so now we
say that nope you'll blame in play me
please be on please be on please no oh
shoot first time know what George best
is AG I feel like you could at least
bubble see that's what I know i his
keeper is terrible
oh I mean I do only realistically need a
draw at one point but as if I want to
draw again oh no George it was too fun
denieth in there I can't I can't no no
no no no no no no no no no no how am I
losing this game this is one of the most
unjust wins for him I've ever seen in my
life I've actually just lost I've
actually just lost because no come on
give it girl get quick go go go good
good posture that right now
that's like my third lost in the entire
series and it was - such a bad player
our season history now is twenty eight
and four and one of them was a
disconnect one of them was that now I
still need four points to get promoted
or seven points to get the title five
games left and the next episode if I win
beause I still haven't got the title
that's what I wanted but I do have about
seven thousand seven and a half thousand
coins you guys need to let me know a
defender or you know or a new striker to
be fair someone I can buy with that many
coins top comment will be the one I
choose so be sure to like each other's
comments thank you guys for watching
that is all for today and see ya
fine ah so I win
alright that's okay that's okay walking
with it moving one we get to this next
one three no oh yes yes we could have a
1 or 3 X 1 please baby play big flare we
got it - that's good wreckage ah
