before the video starts make sure to hit
that subscribe button alright I've just
woken up and I lifted Twitter and I have
seen gloriousness don't know if that's a
word before I get this I do just want to
say sorry total vegetarians watching
this video but I don't care I'm sorry
wait god it's got to stay safe this is
the most important thing of today
jump pack now as I said if you are a
vegetarian I would recommend looking
away now this just doesn't do it justice
this is the thing of beauty and if that
wasn't enough
I didn't really mean for that to have
sexual connotations but it kind of
looked like it destroyed his bad-boy
pretty good
am I going this little camera now I
thought it was fire we're bowling chip G
Simon FIFA month on deeper mustard
airwest evil monster that was old shit
bro you've been jeah going first balls
second go
there's the chip we know what all
slacker
oh wow Oh Oh No
Oh Mike Oh No all right you need one pin
to beat chip
we've come out for food we're in between
two places KFC or Pizza Hut your Pizza
Hut the only two places I can get free
food so we've chosen this one let's go
both how is that a bill no thank you
don't worry I haven't forgotten about
you do you want afraid you're free for
them like this good go do a bit more all
right three pulses real quick
one two three I have no idea what this
is what the fuck is that I don't know
what this tub is filled up guys that's
not what I think this is it no no no no
no oh my god oh my god oh my god no no
no no I think that poop I genuinely
think that's poop cheers from shit
ExpressCard it's poo
no no no I was waiting for this day it's
finally happened at least I got a good
title out of it I I just got this in my
P o box ways that there is a note on the
side cheers from shakes festival it's
poo I don't know if it's real something
weird about it makes me want the nerve
it's real I know
do I open it no you're in the garden
world I can't tell that you can open
that and it could just like spilled some
shave your face yeah you're right I'm
not opening yeah I know isn't it you
know what okay don't ask what is wrong
with me but I opened it it looks like
horse poop I said don't ask what is
wrong with me okay but it doesn't smell
that bad like no it smells bad but like
considering its poop like it's actually
poop I've just been sent poop although
this does need to be disposed of okay
yeah in there well that should be gone
now I shouldn't ever have to hear of
that again and if you guys are thing
here singing for sending poo I'm not
gonna put it in the next video two more
do I still wanna open these not sure
open on camera like normal I ignore the
way I open the box cuz I can find any
scissors but we get a drawing amazing
and another one here is some remakes of
some banner I saw on thank you Rosie a
letter and tato cheese and onion what is
the flower crown and flumps I love plums
hi Simon how are you hope you enjoy the
art and sweets lots of love from Ireland
you deserve it thank you very much for
Rosie this is actually sent the day that
I hit six million subscribers so yeah I
just want to say thank you I will read
the letter off camera as you requested I
think I looked rather magnificent in my
flower crown we got one more why why why
I mean I appreciate it all don't get me
wrong but fry baby extra sour bubblegum
nerds wrote warheads salted nut roll
that's what I call my kool-aid chewy
lemonheads
hubble bubble bubble day that's the best
one airheads extreme twist the straws
taffy hi to bikes more kool-aid Oreo
skittles mr. Goodbar this is this
actually genuinely I think I've got a
little bit of diabeetus just looking at
this it was this this is all from
Cassandra like I'm trying to be
healthier this ain't helping okay I
probably should have opened this sooner
cuz this hasn't gone well but thank very
much Cassandra so yeah that's all for
the PIO box today in case you guys
didn't see what we were bowling we had
some Selfridge
that is why I went to meet chip and G we
went into inter London to go to
Selfridges I've never actually been
sober just before I bought this hoodie
it's a Justin Bieber hoodie don't judge
me please especially as I actually
bought two different Justin Bieber
hoodies and then because I was with chip
I also bought a jumper from babe now
look okay chip is our height beast he
taught me his ways for today I don't
normally do this I don't normally spend
a lot
I also got a t-shirt from off-white
which is wrapped up and stuff but as I
said I am NOT a height beast normally I
don't normally buy brands like well this
is gonna be done I don't normally buy
brands like this okay I just I was there
today I got caught up in the moment and
tippers a bad influence on me so yeah
that's it really as a normal I'm sorry
if this video was short but I've been
very very busy recently I will have a
couple weeks off starting you know in
like a couple days so hopefully things
will get back on track but as always
check out you know like sidemen March in
the description and check out people's
channels in the description and if I hit
this you guys have to go bye sidemen
March boom go buy it also check out my
second channel Oh check it out also
subscribe to Ethan
how those clothes are cool
