what's up guys and welcome to dice draft
FIFA with Cal squeezy really that Nick
that's such an old name now agent if you
have your labeling frenzy like that the
press and it brings up the old jokes
that nobody likes so you don't know how
this works basically we're gonna do the
drafts are going to play one game and
our team is going to be decided by this
oh I'm gonna go so so we're going to
roll up every position whatever number
it is that corresponds to the player
we're going to choose if it's a six
there's obviously no six player so we
get the choice take it in turns and yes
see what team we can get right so the
first thing to choose the formation on
your label you roll omander bread or
right depressor down here anyway here it
is very formation oh my god I'm so swag
like that but we don't get any like
wings either alright ready I'm gonna
with the captain's about alone up okay
I'm gonna roll it first here we go
captain it's six we get the choice oh
yeah the choice but you have to remember
yeah we don't have a right or left wing
but and and all we have is right or left
wings okay I haven't even had a chance
to play this is so embarrassing
I don't know how I want not to be yeah
exactly I did you haven't had the chance
your choice Reynaldo go tiger we're
tired of it looking back no I'm gonna go
for the weekend for the camp that's the
camp gone we get a oh but you know
that's good I'll take that I'm taking
these around the position raise you up
this is striker this is this is a poor
it it's a 600 you can get six cuz I'm a
boss
I got a chef but which one you pick oh I
I know which one I would like I think
that bothers the best but Jonas or
Falcao actually chemistry-wise will be
far coward Ivana think it think it's the
cop gonna go for it right way this is
right remains is such a useless position
that's what is tragic all you can do
Sencha back here we go that is the three
bus no but it's like the worst one out
of all of them we got a big we got other
striker this is a lot of pressure on you
a lot of pressure
oh oh oh
gettin ya ha ha sick boy to me fear all
of Eleonora sick
if except maybe Wayne I've been pissed
enough what oh no that's very much my
man I appreciate that
we're gonna do sentiment are you ready
okay what's it gonna be
it's one it's one it's all terrible
we're we gonna play real elbows well you
know we get on the set of this other
side of it - they're all terrible again
with these second degree shocking you've
got important role in goalkeeper okay
okay it was middle center back uh-oh
oh it's a big decision now he wouldn't
able to go out as a singer for him yeah
final position before the bench go
friend done here would you want you know
who it is now ah hi Emma Street
chemistry chemistry chemistry that's why
that's what I believe that one nice knew
all along right bank
rapidfire ready on three go to one what
number give me a number it's a fine
oh good rough again give me a number
give me a number
Oh God things show cross right again
give me a number
wave it over give me this the one you
know you're rolling bitch on the head
let's go okay was it fine
we get us all right we're all right
that's okay that's okay walk along with
it woman everyone we get to next one
three no oh yes yes we could have a 103
X 1
please barely play big Claire we got two
that's good
right each ah boundary no we're sewing
for last don't give up wizard out for
again they're all terrible for us that's
decent you know what fuck this guy yeah
exactly like this guy older every day
I will not plan it do have aa huge
funder what we want
Oh five or six are you ready Oh find a
water ah oh okay so now Nick how we're
going to build the tea to the best of
our abilities and then we're going to
play one game and the team is done this
is the best team we thought we could
make named eyes on the bench and I know
you're probably complaining but we'll
bring him on instantly but to be fair
giving about it neighbor and ag√ºero and
Ronaldo Ronaldo I've heard rumors they
use one of the nests and left wingback
but he just hasn't shown up down the
road as well we're not bringing him on
our no he said he says yeah way yeah far
away his guard on foot draft hi he
doesn't have a great team you know where
he has 99 chemistry can i - no can we
have 99 chemistry we have a hundred can
we yeah about that what about the out
you just think about that did you
that's gonna play slow okay you want to
play that build up by over the back to
be honest yeah it's nice we can look in
the fort I like this I like you know
what I see you I see are you making an
ICU okay okay I see you again oh I don't
know but that women even wrote a moan
slapping oh just it's not stopping above
us what we're doing
hey yo ho oh it's nothing me do those of
you think bout hours while we were gonna
yes I'm gonna put a name on there do I
let me keep them on until he proves
otherwise one chance it's all good there
you go look at that look at who is
Sansom why are we playing out wide when
we don't have winners go on do yeah we
do we have Ronaldo what your ears is
that him like wow come on
nice disgusted let's see if what we're
now as defending skills are like okay
I'm going to use under user now that I'm
run out in the middle no I don't now
doing up good
it's Ranaut Oh see you oh yes I go ah
Japanese run now ride got a knock get on
him
so they does he give up his keeper that
she's pretty tragedy I guess what we're
in the box
I'm how are we with Dave we went in
again oh here's a post the post yeah
yeah big time are you just you to know
that a three pound wipeout fuck I'll do
something you know what no no no we're
pausing it Nick that I may eat it even
though you didn't care about gets low we
gave you a chance you didn't put in the
effort and guess who's taken over
they must come off good what how is this
hold him off the potable outside so I
told you I told you a chance no gold
this is s it's going on you're not your
nugget oh no it's not Oh with it they go
to you to meet to you to use a halftime
and we deserve it certainly win it you
know it's gonna sell this bad boy in I
don't want to come in without a I see
this was off a go there is but I'll be
wow how how was dream just operas keep
like they go oh I Bob Ellison I'll
players in the way there you go there
you go
throw me the bird whoa all right right
oh we have every kids everyone we play
doing throw eyes go play off a lot don't
bit ball we okay we know what shit more
little bit nice oh okay since what looks
okay didn't mean nothing right oh it's
3b one book in your local Chloe no no
aah
what a monster I told you Ronnie Dunn
Ronnie boo-boo run that was sexy Jesus
run scored well I told you he was all he
was meant to play them for the work plus
the modern-day Murray Neos I should show
Zinn someone better step now that's not
good you know what I don't want into
school Oh Mon please tell me you saw
that he went in like a beast again
trained to kill why are we not defending
Fred that was a big battle there we go
that's game over thanks for applying
thanks for pointing wait keep it up he
just goes you shouldn't let this get us
down because guess what we've won we've
won we warm are married why oh no it was
a joke it was a joke
if not I promise it was a joke a problem
so sorry Alan
I promise it was a joke I'm serious ha
ha what okay no no don't even get to
move no no we go to exercise come on why
should one whoa where we goodnight boys
thought of it
oh no was actually relative what is
going on there you go okay good signor
Contini
oh maangchi do wanna go where's Eve I'm
not playing I'm get over there I'm not
playing you should do it we are lychee I
know but we need a goal testing Mexico
somebody Birds so no that was a bullet
of minutes come on guys come on
No Wow Robert Wow
he has his nose just gone what no no I
told you on your 20th minute shit that's
a dice draw fail guys if you just didn't
piss around again shit right so that is
all for today for the dice trial FIFA
you have we tried we tried right we are
going to record another video on Cal's
channel but it will probably be up in a
few days so be sure to check that out
you can check out his channel in the
description be sure to subscribe way
over there thank you guys for watching
I'm not gonna say how he eats Cal
playing ha ha ha yeah see ya peace early
boom Alibaba
how you taste bad no no these are with
us dad but one one out one out oh sure
yeah we better yeah well you can you do
plan the same way that safe planets say
