what's up guys I'm welcome back to
actually I don't know name for this yeah
the one controller two-man game of FIFA
15 16 16 what's up guys I'm welcome to
the two men one controller FIFA 15 16
game is just one engine you're gonna
build a team together without conferring
one at a time then I'm gonna play a game
online in the foot draft and we are both
gonna control one half of the controller
a half time will then swap over and
hopefully we can win one go and I'll be
happy to do this yeah very good
alright so I'm gonna let you choose the
formation because okay you wanna just
okay okay little this is gonna go well I
wanted to choose this that's why okay
uh wanna start we're gonna go with him
yeah go for real done okay we're not
allowed to converge on this so uh yeah
he's gonna choose whom to so you're
literally out to sabotage right now yes
you are we had like three players it
would have been okay well I figured out
what's gonna happen in this then I'll go
to him oh yes this is my hope is that
you just don't get any good players and
then I'll get a good one there's we're
not getting many your players anyway are
we not boom um eh Oh yikes no one's good
there ah yeah look literally no one will
go for a gun for him Oh why'd you have
to do this yeah you literally check to
just double-check the range oh yeah yeah
okay I see how is this is gonna go
really really well
don't go with either one which one do I
prefer that's a fact that Watty gonna go
with him and then swap them over right
now I'm just doing the right word we're
not gonna score initially
okay how'd he even say his name duck Cal
I didn't even realize they don't link oh
no oh oh okay three what can we owe so
screwed
okay your turn left left back or go keep
on your humor come to the goalkeeper no
ah no we're finding out new football
players though I hate you I hate you so
much
screw it why don't I choose you for this
yeah Oh probably another door Cuba well
I'm looking anyone good we're not well
I'm we're gonna get the Ronaldo we're
gonna get the Messi we're gonna get like
two of them and I'm hoping that I get
them why just because you literally
tries to mile one French well if you
just admit that you are sabotage Jose
okay I am there's gonna be around here
coming up where is it
where is the van Aldin Oh Dave to the
dirt dude dude dude
I want something okay oh yeah should
have chosen the Spanish guy the new
shoes no this is slowest fucking yeah
he'll link our this is it this is the
good one this is the good one
please oh please please Jay Jay Jay Jay
no no Jay Jay we have Ebro we have ran
out oh please oh I don't know gonna get
out one boom worse is up again I'm gonna
just join you sabotage us oh no don't be
uh he can get what is the final one and
I think this is gonna be a good one
build s please
all right we're gonna go build the team
see what we can do and then we'll go
into the game yeah so this is the team
we have it's yeah 69 now we're gonna go
into the game with this wait
why why is he ain't go wait you know
what no we're having him now we're gonna
go into a game and also just get a
manager first I'm gonna actually isn't
as me they all do something
oh so two one copy him ah they're all
the same as wanna make sure he does one
play yeah
so we're going into the game both
controlling one half of the controller
and yeah we're gonna try and win do is
if we win now loses let's see
be careful we're not going ah here we go
oh wow are you done with your team's
over now though yeah imagine having
Ronaldo I don't imagine other than
interesting what's this all you know
look it's you what I can't do it
you can oh we're on the run controls as
well Oh JD chuckling oh hell it had it I
try I do die jump we're changing
controls game oh we're spyler where we
can just go to our line across all right
oh that's a shocking cross yeah
absolutely
maybe you get along better with the
direct no how could I let's there you go
now go and blame me for that don't mind
me shit they're not even skin line the
gap of skill you're not even you know
his skin oh my god wait down bottom
there you go go on and that's you turn
in okay now you wanna go good Oh
our window undertook we know that no
you're sabotage you are alright getting
the gold gained the gold gained the guy
it's too late it's no it's not I'm not
too late
right ready for this whoa when you go is
kill why you dude that stop if used off
if you went I am I would have killed him
I don't even know how we're gonna defend
the pending is okay we got this we got
this
oh we just need to be out the header
lady's gonna he's gonna keep coming and
you're oh I love running away from them
yet oh my god
running away you keep spamming tackle
right and then when you need to tackle
you don't this is a terrible
relationship I'm divorcing you I'm
taking the kids no no no past
oh okay it's fine see you trying if we
score one go I'll be happy I'm holding
it all - but the whole time we're always
gonna go fast son look at red garrard
garrard get well mothers I knew I should
have chosen someone else
yo we'll see suck his own dick - is we
don't really have the team for it what
he was for is that uh nope why I mean
you didn't pick the right player you sir
in him that I was trying to yeah really
but a team you're on again yeah
what team was that a very in-depth
interesting are you now big touch Victor
oh no that's her bag
that's what were you doing Oh Oh week in
school that's one way to do it I'll take
it
we school that's what I wanted although
now I want to draw okay then I don't
know how we're doing why are you
crossing colors not see only when we're
gonna score it's not well I crossed it
last time I we scored halftime we have
to swap so until even more interesting
huh with someone getting used to this
you don't know anything I'll shit to me
oh you bitch haha you bitch
galaxy swap over you haven't had a
single shot when we score then that's on
you leo yo this is this is hard
yeah and now you understand my pain gone
oh good good your school Oh is all eyes
on center back just to just lit up what
I said about why is your son like that I
don't why don't you share your playoff
and then Oh Kenny run early ball early
Boris how you taste bad no no these are
bozos dad but one one out one out
oh sure yeah we're better yeah well you
can they play the same way that say
plants say what the yo this is good play
this is big No
look at that touch right you see it was
good play until that time this is why we
splash oh god okay Oh bless you do name
I did I did you didn't look what Wow Wow
keeps give to give you nice job of that
oh right to the guy okay that is Oh
why's he doing this job I'll whip jinx
they know we haven't no no no still oh
okay come on we have five minutes left
lame oh no oh what we doing will be no
more then were attacking him oh my god
come on Dale Owens
well I was thinking the other player it
was a terrible Blaney I was like what
are you doing
alright uni it's on you it's on you
not defend I am the tactics haha like
I'm sure you can already get him I don't
get them Singh now oh no good
boom and you know and the end in the end
time man that's a lot Oh baby it's been
quite a while already it's done
I don't trust in you I'm not trusting
you you were gonna be on you know you're
actually gonna net oh that's it no you
missile one eye we can get back together
oh okay
no we they're my tuna lead we had he had
the better team yeah and yet we still
won rights the basil the day there you
guys watching like JJ for being here no
ha ha hey you guys a bunch of whole
jungles in Rosia don't even deserve to
be winning really although I did oh no
no no no how did that okay that could
have been a very easy Penry claims
through planes do go up glossy come on
Ozzy please please finish no wait no oh
I died suddenly press you I meant to
press cross I'm among George best
eulogies with you are the best player
involved
