what's going on guys and welcome back to
that's right we are back with this music
and we are back with the original team
as well we are using the normal team
with George best
last time we failed the draft a very
very late goal in the final ruined my
chances but we move forward and we are
in Division five we have about 8,000
coins as well those in the top comment
today the top coil was something about
buying a purple Ibrahimovic and I just I
just thought I'm not putting that in so
division 5 we've won our first game but
we need another six wins or five wins
and a draw then wins the division for
let me know you want me to buy a top
cover will be the one I choose but for
now we're taking this team into okay and
it's gonna be a average game we've got
very good defense decent attack isn't
much field actually he has a very good
team I here we go big boy things
Division five
anytime pie we have a chance we have a
chance here we have a chance early early
early child early jobs or boom how did
you save that how was he to save that
pass it off puzzle okay and then paws up
and then but oh oh and there's a pen
there's a pen that's what I was about to
say was there's a pen why not have a pen
that's trying to make a funny joke come
on Georgie boy Georgie boy in the top
bright bold goal should really start
looking when I take penalties oh I got
Tim Howard in God don't I forgot oh no
Panteleimon was so good for me why don't
I use him anymore if I if I let go
Linda's because here it's because of Tim
Howard
okay you did to save that though only
just know is this is season above the
score have never ever noticed that
before George best George Brett blazer
man oh no how was he Oh No okay we got a
chance to go chance here look at this
but boom and then oh I didn't see that
coming
oh ah ah no no no Bodie I like you now
and I had me and goal so that's saying
something because Baldy I like Baldy
more than me poor Plimpton let's go come
on
who is this velocity the lassie season
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
that was meant for Ericsson Ericsson was
literally right in the middle
okay puzzle how is I thought foul you're
literally destroying my anus there you
got legal please George as George Burns
good cousin
oh oh oh
bollocks there's a go ah we're back to
square one again and I need another goal
because I don't want to stay in this
division but any longer than I have to
know what this and a half there we go
halftime one or don't even deserve to be
winning really although I did oh no no
no no how did that okay that could have
been a very easy penny plan three planes
do go Ozzy come on Ozzy please please
for us
no II don't know why I suddenly push ooh
I meant to press cross I'm among judge
Monsieur you are the best player in job
it's on game is on high score low
injuries got a little knock
I might come off higher is injured we're
gonna have to take them off or bring it
on
bring it on will ya will shit
oh-oh-oh-oh nipples if I can literally
just got us their third best from far
out with the break it does I need a
free-kick do it wait I have free-kick
takers we are struggling right now oh
that's not where I wanted it but it's
good work oh why do you have to chew a
little liquid oh I don't know what up
wasn't doing the stanky leg
what about it okay there you go there
you go no whoa there's literally to eat
that's it game over done it's done we've
won oh I'm so happy we won that because
I felt like I deserved the one and we
need to keep all wow we did not deserve
to win I'm so happy we won I really want
to carry on with the divisions but I
want to get to division want to finish
it I know fevers barely been out for
like three months or ever last time I
didn't even finish it right we're gonna
mix the team up a little bit I don't
know why cuz we were winning but Pyatt
is injured and we're gonna see a cradle
we'll shake her you tell Alanna make any
difference I just hope it's not a bad
different
five at the back why I mean the team
isn't very good but five at the back you
dirty little scrub ah this is gonna be a
long game I can't see myself scoring
more than like a goal obviously I'm not
saying I can't I'm just saying it might
be a little bit harder than normal
because I get past five defenders
constantly oh great turn in and finesse
there we go there's one there's oh how
is he not scored that that's ridiculous
with that win that alright alright row
gradle Grandal with the foot this is
this is actually taking the piss this is
taking the piss get rid of this please
keeps right muck Baldy catch it thanks
mate thanks for showing me this they rub
it in a little bit more hot it and then
dribble in no how was the slide what how
is though this is this isn't making any
sense
you say making sense he's just literally
just keep giving it to Townsend and
running fans end doesn't even run
anymore oh my god oh my god are you you
actually you're actually taking a piss
you are actually taking why didn't I
just hit that just then I don't know why
I'm just not that's a pen doesn't pop
it's actually it's actually a pen oh my
god it's not even a pen go on quick the
ground ball whip it whip it to the glass
oh it's done look at this finish from
George fest got a nice topper a finish
oh my days really you're still going
down the freakin wing with it
even play anymore halftime and yeah I
said it's gonna be hard to score
although it shouldn't have been I've hit
the post like three times and he's made
all the subs okay for that look at that
and then great old ball dad yours
lastly wouldn't a scored that one more
goal and the game is Sona up that touch
was bad get the ball no no no okay all
right now Baldy has just literally he's
just he's won my heart oh great oh you
beauty yeah boom Ivan go I swear he
literally just pushed his goalkeeper all
the way radial velocity I mean he is
literally just destroying defenses
ladies setup okay that's Marsha Alf all
the way just dance around look at the
way we just look at okay Marsha all did
very very well there he has crumbled
massively this guy and now he's leaving
he's leaving he's gone no he's no thing
all right Spain okay okay going go on
mush out open go ah you just missed it
up with gold
seriously wisely just start putting
pressure on now I mean I'm not
complaining
that could've been a phone away I'm not
complaining because of sleep he hasn't
done it earlier i I we got a little
charts on here we have a little little
chance yeah mm dig back George and we
did it for now I probably get a golf new
more bias stop really concentrating
towards the end nine thousand coins let
me know who to buy okay let me know top
comment will be the one I choose three
games into division five we 103 we only
need ten point five seven games so
that's three wins at a draw and now for
your whopping at five and a half
thousand coins or seven thousand coins
yeah let me know what that is all today
thank you guys for watching the series
is still going well even if we didn't
lose
put job in the final anyway they got
such an answer he punched me in the face
he did it
I think he's done it he punished you in
the face he punched you in the face
look is he actually he know I'm very
contracted Amazon so was it passed
