what's up guys and welcome to the seven
second challenge with me and Toby what's
up now Toby's an expert at doing things
in seven seconds so he should win this
and yeah rains gonna swim how would you
know I don't know don't ask there's a
bad Saturday anyway so what this
challenge is is one person chooses
something that the other person has to
do within 7 seconds if the person does
it they pass if they don't they fail we
need to do about five to ten challenges
and yeah we can just see who wins
eisah Toby as the guest you can start
okay Simon yep
you have seven seconds to stack these
two pound coins on your elbow what and
then you got to catch up with the same
man not like that are you serious yeah I
think you can do it go 1 2 aah
how many did you catch I got one I got
one more yes I have a 7 seconds gone am
i joking 1 it slowly got less and less
to say hi so we're starting off quite
easy I know that when I failed so I
failed easy ones come away for the hard
ones but this one you have 7 seconds
just going straight away what you have 7
seconds to touch the ceiling with your
foot come on one time
ha-cha-cha very good you have seven
seconds to poke your nose with your toes
one Wow okay Wow summer definitely
you have seven seconds to open this bag
of crisps what's the catch without your
hands Oh three two one go
yeah that was gonna come on I did not
think that through you have seven
seconds to create a word and give it a
meaning Bob one two three so no that's a
word Stone it oh my god I tried making a
pie I
the word is sticking sticking yeah how
do you split it st IC ke and stick and
what does that mean stuff sex with I'm
sticking it in your mom ha ha ha ha ha
ha that's a fail as a fail you have 7
seconds to put on all of these hats 3 2
1 go 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 . yeah Baker go on
I'll give a pause Oh give it
yeah I look so good right Simon yep
you have seven this Hut has seven
seconds to fill your mouth give as many
of these nerves as you can go one two
three four five six you got the you got
a little burger I'm whoa now eat them
all
you don't have to eat them all jerk man
you can smell good
are you still eating them look nose in
my mouth though allow me you know what
you eat ha ha ha ha ha you have 7
seconds to do ten press ups with your
hands on a swegway three two one go one
two three four guys okay clever you
killed it
yes dad your mother this is your for
Simon you dip into her that's a bell
haha yep you have seven seconds to roll
it three on that day go one two come on
good you have seven seconds to run into
the door yeah I need to have the camera
there for ya one two I smash my brain
right so this is the final one Toby's
going first
Simon you have seven seconds to down
this bottle of water upside down oh yeah
what is in the balls upside down no no
no um
oh yeah this never ends well are you
ready Simon I guess the three haha no I
need a moment
three two one go one two three four five
ah he's lying about swimming whoa wait
ah do you know what just for a time I'm
gonna give you the boss yeah it went up
my nose right Toby
you have seven seconds to tell everyone
your PIN seventeen thirty years wait for
what your bank oh I look at me I see the
way my different one this is the final
one
you have seven seconds to slap JJ one
waits live me in the face I think he did
it
I think he's done it he punished you in
the face he punched you in the face
isn't it
does he actually know I'm he contracted
the Amazon so was it pass I think so you
got the slap off multiple slaps well I
think for that then I think you've won
Toby is the winner for this one oh right
so that is the seven second challenge
from me and Toby we're also gonna do a
video on Toby's channel which you can
check out in the description or in the
apt row or just yeah I'll just go over
to this channel and subscribe while
you're over there
hey that's watching they don't be in
here you have me and shoot he doesn't
know where I'm going now that's a pen
why'd you follow boy I didn't press
anything
I am worried though because he does have
little messy
Jasleen Oh Messi has freaking name or he
has Suarez like he can school there's no
doubt about it
look he's absolute face look at no wait
don't lose it now don't lose it now
Oh
