yeah what's going on guys and welcome
back to the very best we are not using
the standard music today you know why
it's because this is too serious
uh words so much worse than I thought
that wasn't gonna happen anyway back to
serious mode this the team er we were
using for the draft we won the first two
games that we had two more wins and
we've won the draft it's not only
attempt we're using for now please
imagine crying so it may not look the
best but after about ten minutes in we
swap when you album for Neymar and it's
all Gucci you go straight into the first
game hopefully we will win and it went
in the final if not I'm kind of screwed
cause I don't know what to do okay it's
only an hour later and we have found a
game and he has a very good team this
far yeah it should be fun you know what
no we've waited too long for this game
we wait like four minutes
I did not come here to lose listen to
let's do this lads come on we like this
style we like this style here we go here
we go where do we go from here who is
this oh whoa no good effort want to or
not or not you know what lever does good
go done four minutes in one nail up told
you I'm ready to lose up and he's
brought on Sanchez for Colo - well how
is that a soft a little bit of lag he's
seen it as well though but can he stop
it what okay yes he can but the corner
there you go engineer we owe lower does
go rug Coutinho what oh oh haha didn't
expect that
Oh doesn't know where I'm going now
that's a pen why'd you follow boy I
didn't press anything ah
I am worried though because he does have
little messy
oh yes lino Messi has freaking name or
he has Suarez like he can school there's
no doubt about it
look he's absolute face look at the
weight don't lose it now don't lose it
now
Oh ref oh my no fight even got that
chance
it's ridiculous okay you know the follow
me right ready whoa oh no other way oh
and now he's just going to school from
here with me it's just gonna no you're
not made no you know ah
this may modest Neymar and Messi
and in whoever else Suarez he's got oh
okay all right
III where are you there's the run
there's the run no oh no no no no no no
no no
why didn't he shoot Khan I can't be
dealing with this I'm only one nil up
and this is the semi-final I don't know
how the stats are like that I really
really don't feel that comfortable his
shot was from like 30 yards out get off
without them we're getting on Neymar all
right second half has begun what will
come from this half long ball wept in
from Paco God me all I got even since
daybreak
that's thus not a goal you see this
through boom how are you screwing that
first one I'm not scoring that one okay
you know what this lag is not helping
I'm gonna have to actually just try
crossing it in it oh why don't I just do
that more two near lot lower dusky is
the man I've just bought my ticket to
the finals lab on a police say I can
return it for things like have we just
gone from a cat a potential counter to
trouble who I know you were trouble when
you walked in there you go what's off
turn in and for us no no I need a third
right and a turn ah you magician no red
pen that's a pen give him his hat trick
it's not the best penalty taker but this
is very much
and this is to secure my flights to the
final it's done it's done three nil in
the 81st minute Oh where's he going
oh yeah you don't know where he's good I
am rubble you can't read inmate he can
barely read himself not in that way but
you know I mean I don't know I'm doing
um for the long ball
the long ball to up will ya whoa what a
strike son and that should be game over
who's in a final come to the conclusion
it was deserved okay I feel like that
was deserved one more win and we are
done it's gone better than I hoped
anyway so even if we lose until we had a
good try but now the final let's do this
and we're straight into a game and his
to me as Ronaldo and Bale and a martyr
no Simon don't be afraid of Ronaldo
we're gonna shut him down
come on come on come on boom Oh
all right and then BOOM Charlotte is
changed so many people out and how such
watsky oh you know what we're now done
with okay no I completely forget know
what when Yeldon you're coming off I
know it's early and normally I let him
play for a little bit but what I don't
know why Neymar is the boy Neymar is
okay although Wynyard with his art touch
and they master boy oh no his name are
is the boy no no okay let's find a
corner is fine as long as he does at
school every when I play again has such
sick attacks and yet my I mean - Monty
how much decent but it's not exactly
theirs is it what what what what's part
of it don't jump don't don't do it don't
do right and pass and then this should
be it that's it halftime Neal Neal I
need to regroup and focus again the
stats suggest that as I've doing but I
feel like I deserve to be losing I know
Pitino is good okay but I'm gonna bring
on voice instead and I know allure you
were like what are you doing but I've
got to change something my team just
don't want to exist anymore
Levin dusky is doing everything on his
own and I don't have anyone supporting
it how is he got past me there see the
far side
oh my god please I am Robin oh you know
the Taj was so bad thank you in their
post pinky there we go the belugas
kibish ripped my skin is gonna be human
Lewandowski again
come on boys do something now do
something I pass in okay wait no no just
gonna grow a few inches in your legs and
then you could have got to that and jump
I'm out um I've done
and it lays one enough there it is
people wanna go ski look at him look at
him look at me it's the best
oh how are you missing that hole laughs
freaking extra time it's extra time in
the final and it's pretty even come on
Robin come on we've been I know you're
right not right though Buddhism Oh
Lewandowski Oh boom ah that was going so
far while I can't deny it this is it
this is the last chance last jump and
he's done it Oh Oh see there it is boys
extra time half time this is getting too
close to penalties I can't deal with it
oh I didn't even have a shot in that
half thanks bad hi all right I big big
shots big shots that punch doesn't make
sense that animation needs to be fixed
Oh Oh when Yama when y'all corner no
that's ty what the board isn't stopped
oh yeah great time to pull on great time
to pull up there in it that's a great
time that's our great time lost someone
pulls Levin dusky as well it was levin
dosti who pulled up the guy that has won
the game for me has just pulled up and
I've lost it because of it no I got so
close 120 of the minute any scores so
close to that final prize get jumbo
premium gold pack and a premium us there
to shock impacts see what we think that
olive olive olive olive olive oh yeah we
can definitely use that Egwene paw we
get money actually he will stay in the
club no one else everyone else you know
I don't want to remember this everyone
else can just leave I'm actually hurting
so much right now 17 is not fence player
again but we do get one of these days
the one benefit of these packs is
already so ladies but we're not keeping
these that is two and a half thousand
plus three our thousand plus the extra
so we have about 7,000 coins left maybe
8,000 you guys need to let me know who
you want to buy this is the team we're
going to continue with the league after
this that is all for today let me know
top comment will be the one I choose
thank you guys for watching I'm very
sorry I couldn't win it but
but don't know how else to say and
illuminates is out next week if it's not
I will get a tattoo of JJ's face do
listen to a sound love to it if not I'm
gonna kick you in the face you hard a
sound last week if not you'll get kicked
in the face
you are the sound
