what's up guys I'm welcome to YouTube
whispers I've done this before I go
inspiration from Joe sugg and I've done
it once before with the other guys the
other place these guys have never done
it before
what it is is basically mix a dick and
JJ's also a prick so they have no idea
what I'm saying right now and they just
not along I'm just gonna down I guess
how this works is basically one person
comes up with a sentence and have to say
it for the other person wearing
headphones it's not person then sits
there and someone else comes in and has
Chinese whispers basically then I guess
I leave a link to of the last episode in
the description you need to leave my
labor yeah after I have sex with your
mom what you need to go over there
because I have sex with your mum
well there they go yeah cuz I was
thinking if you go over there it takes
me a month I don't know what you wanted
to do when I leave go over there if you
want to have sex in your way if you
wanna if you want out sighs with you on
there if you wanna have sex with your
mother yeah I go over that yes go yeah
just all right you need to go into your
mom oh god oh god I round one run one
yeah yeah yeah illuminate is out next
week if it's not I will get a tattoo of
JJ's face I listened to it sounds last
week if it is not going on aluminates is
out next week if it's not I will get a
tattoo of JJ's face do listen to the
sound love to it if not I'm gonna kick
you in the face you harder sound last
week it's not you'll get kicked in the
face you are the sound last week if not
you'll get kicked in the face yeah you
got a girl I we got justice right now if
you stay down you will get dick in your
poon
dragon right now if you don't stand here
right now you'll get dick in the right
now if you sat down you would get dick
in front of you right now I definitely
heard it I heard unions no you didn't
say you at the end like you somewhere
sentence was aluminate out next week
let's go I'll get a tattoo of JJ's face
Wow I think I like this wonderful not
failed like taking the Coon idiot issues
and why would you think I said all right
round two let's pray me something got
lost in translation
not oh I don't know not all Minecraft
human oh are you talking
are you actually speaking it's not she's
making I'm saying Road I don't think it
ready by sentence because it's not what
you said your tortoise it's in my garage
minecraft youtubers your tortoise is in
my garage my god youtubers like eating
blocks your sources are my crush more
what is more I love it your sources are
my crush most Minecrafters hates Smosh I
was way off was that mmm got my iPad you
also shit
my crust and everyone in my god hates
Smosh
oh really
I said you're sources of my crush
not all minecraft youtubers a pedophile
so the mom OH
the rest of it okay so I said it slower
and I think he just invented wise in
their song free all those keep up EP now
pussy this guy
let's go guys Oh pre-order I know it
you'll save her are you gonna try and
sell your yo-yo ma alright everyone do
it
fuck save put you not my arse yeah I
love it
Mahatma love it
but to not my heart yeah I love it I I
feel like a little half of it if you a
us you'd love it if you a us your love
it if you had to dance
you'd be Harry what do you think he said
hi huh if you should hit me Josh you
would be Harry
looking Josh chosen me oh yeah cuz
you're one boy I said if you had to
dance
you'd be Harry but I also got I want to
IV say crabs or Dom I said if you had
crabs
it is the arrow of the action
sentence was I like tune up put it up my
ass
nothing it was us you love it that's
like what you would say I we got one
more try
oh we go five - just kept on a cornflake
he's a serial killer
okay Ethan just stepped on a corn flake
he's how a serial killer Ethan is a fat
Tamagotchi you know it's true the whole
thing I think you're full of bullshit
you know it is true I think he does mean
even though I was looking for the excuse
to say later he fucking found a big sale
I think you're full of bullshit you know
it is true he is true God you're full of
bullshit you dirty scrub scrub wasn't
the first pot was right yeah I could but
I think you're full of bullshit you know
it's true well wait till you eat
I heard Ethan is a fat Tamagotchi you
know it's true that's what I even just
stepped on a corn flake he's now a
serial killer oh sorry Ben well I guess
those you know the most
that one all of them good one for the
end of the days all for today be sure to
check out all of their channels in the
description below play guys watching and
see you what no no no I don't know
happening I forgot we had name are like
evil many tackles that was a ridiculous
fast oh this is so nice that was bad but
that's not bad boys I helped out the
whole way all right your buddy's on the
edge here with you go on go oh all right
you just I'm so sorry
and so I know it's like oh it's not your
fault man wait for me
