right guys what's going on our welcome
back to dice FIFA this is the draft
where we use the dice to decide which
player we're going to use and who do I
have today Manny
hello that's the first time I'm going
inside you in an intro who are you gonna
sell - well as template I was really
tempted we don't know how this works
basically we roll the dice the number
that is on here corresponds to which
player we're going to choose obviously
there's only five and there's six
numbers so if it's six we get to choose
we'll take it in turns and build a team
then play one game hopefully we'll win
Manny's not very good so we might not
but uh yeah let's go go for it throw
over your head onto the bed and it's a -
you're using the four three three
holding captain are we gonna get all
right oh well I think we know who won
obviously want the starboard Oh
obviously you look a bit like a star way
scare facial hair touch a few kids and
then hi Manny's gonna be the roller okay
so if you need a 3 a 3 or 6 go on Oh
Orion that's probably what all right we
have our captive opposition Giulio next
Celia there's nothing that good I think
Mata probably one or six one it's a five
it's a fine I'm not gonna turn I'm gonna
roll the nets on Neff one left wing by
you're going like far apart I'm going
straight away we what I'm not looking
I look 21 May my yes see I should I
should do this bears your turn it's your
turn we're going I'm gonna choose left
back you go go for it oh it is a didn't
land but if I the six you guys don't
believe I see I won't move my arm
all right now yeah we only was right
even am vendors arms that's a six
everyone um the nice thing about
chemistry so yeah we should
well we don't have anyone like me so
cousin Priscilla
we're gonna get me good for this cm you
do you do so there is no you won't get
any weight to that oh why not racketeer
not good that's not that's not good you
do I'm over it now
whatever the dishes you - it's a six and
they're all terrible this is the bestest
grey isn't it I guess we could go to
Sochi Roberta go said about you thought
it's your turn oh you're quite good they
are I don't think I don't your mouth you
know you're barely reaching it it's a
pipe coccioli well that's not one we
actually wanted probably he doesn't fit
abundantly chemistry and his team's
getting so bad strike on go up with a
strike up it's a six and why do we get
sixes on all the bad ones I think we
have to go crowd just for the vents ha
ha ha go for it I realized you're in
Crouch and literally the opposite people
I just cause he's good at football when
you're not anything uh I am a high
juncture they're all bad all bad doesn't
mouth okay ah it's a six okay does a
really mouth I'm so we gotta go all
bazillion on Spanish Oracle more more
like it's gonna be be here yeah we
should go there she is
oh it's a six again see see our role
sixes spot row over and over and you'll
get chemistry Sheldon boom
you don't see that oh this is what we
don't get with Toby and half a girl is
gonna have to be we want 3 you want a
3-1
it's a 5 that's no good that is probably
the one challenge for everyone I now you
go do the bench and the reserves are
going to do this really quick so I'm
going to throw it as you press okay so
go first one to get wrap io and go we
get a three Oh Willie us all right all
right
no not shabby oh it's a - ah no it's the
big one
there's nothing gone it's a two again oh
we got pace why I get so many twos
it's fallen I don't want to lie to you
guys it's full it's a four I know you're
not gonna believe me I'm going to do the
same as many like my arms aren't gonna
Bend there you go hey guys afford oh
please be a - what's wrong - to be fair
we can get a Brazilian striker don't
know if there is one that's gonna be so
great your reach in there
I want Lucas you're honest Lucas or
Bella you what don't card in you cuz our
I got that cow that cow go it's a vibe
they're all terrible words about we need
that big play up Simon what you don't I
don't look it's no we get the worst one
Thank You Smith mmm so why do we get the
best players yeah we get the best
players we get they're all terrible see
when I click it it's a six we get to
choose at least him yeah you think nacho
this is the last go you roll it first
and we're gonna see who a yet we are
gonna have to use the fourth player okay
fourth player we use and right we are
now gonna try and build this team
salvage what we can and we will be back
in four seconds one two three four okay
so we've um yeah we have definitely done
something yeah we don't know what we got
82 chemistry and a five star team so our
plan basically is we may have to bring
in signal de Bruyne on but we got we got
Neymar we got hold so it should be after
school so we're gonna go and play one
game if we win we've done better than
the majority of games I've played with
other people
okay so the guy we are playing
oh why
hey he's gonna now know he's got Royce's
go bomb en his dice must have been sick
I mean you know what we got teamwork all
right let's do this we that I'm so weak
I'm you do it your chest
no do with your chest don't do it with
your chest you mean
hi Manny we got it I'm blue da ba dee da
ba die oh sure yeah look see this is me
Oh
where we going where Oh Manny where's
your eyes go ahead look we got a team
but we got at the bar oh this suppose
that ro you that I'm not Japanese Oh
gone gone Valdes could not save anything
he's a relic from post all bad that's
not proposed I don't know they'll be
more critical me I'm doing everything
you've got to be man the team I don't
win that win that they mustn't ask us
about was about being shown to a two
star skilled player yeah okay whatever
no no no I don't know happening I forgot
we had Neymar but even when he tackles
up that was a ridiculous part oh look
this is so nice
that was bad but that's not bad boys die
held by the whole way all right your
buddies on the edge
Zero's you come on go oh all right you
just I'm so sorry
it's gone oh it's leo it's not your
fault man wait for me
yes oh if you did that that would have
been sick no nothing on nothing on
nothing on Oh
it's no longer this one ruble no no no
I'm taking him down I'm taking me down
to Chinatown
take him duck no Royce yes natural not
your ball I don't know who I am
no I can't blame a son who doesn't have
an ident I knew of squatters mush first
attempt in our blocks okay go on the
line I'm on the line on the line and
jump no I'm not comfortable with this
goal keep up I say it half time somehow
we're not winning here's some shots
on-target
we're in the 45th minute I think it
might be a burn time you know yeah but
moose are in the middle yeah yeah we're
doing it lads were being dice we're
horse ha ha my uncle I move so with the
pace also with the pace moosa with the
pace
musa with the bet sure poco done oh
honey I much jinxed it no you went home
go done because you own it wait wait
drag it in and they gonna post you know
post yeah see you see that uh Nancy that
nigga oh no we got it droid breath
little boy that spend no what did I get
let's just watch it over and over look
at it freely ready boom what what are
you doing I go about yeah great shot
okay I'm sorry Glen Jillian look a lot
oh come on you know I spent that I
didn't expect I'm sorry but to bring
home a new boy there's no me about I
know bad bear doesn't substitute
just within it to summon it in just
Sunday this is the ball ready pool of
dreams
oh okay now it's kind bang it
yeah you know what you go to him and
I'll just watch inside lightning like
this um just like yeah I thought I'd get
my pen line me that sounds better than
it does oh yeah ganas yeah
Oh God use the pace Musa no finish Brian
he's got on that Jason's actually got a
hat trick he's insane that was a sick
finish I was oh my Musa Musa gone what's
up uncle how is he your uncle exactly in
Nigerian so everyone that's Nigerian is
your uncle know they'll be fraud I think
we've won we won ages ago but he is safe
to say right now that we cannot lose
this game all right
we cannot lose this day still it's
insulting to concede his right foot come
on May oh I come on Nate God come on
babe nah no money and we did it that's a
win last one man nice one right so die
is a desert wind we deserved that
hundred percent and there's another
person who has done dice draft FIFA and
we've won we've actually won a game so
yeah well congratulations the money be
sure to check him out in the description
and subscribe while you're over there
thank you guys for watching and see ya I
have literally just realized that I have
no planning if I lose like if I lose I
am literally so stuck for what to do I
mean luckily I'm not going to lose
because this guy okay never mind I may
lose will I or will I Oh pen thank you
going arjen robben proving made the
right decision that is for Adria and I
can't believe we won it I wasn't even
looking I told you guys
