happy anniversary I say that because
last time I proposed to you guys I have
no idea what I'm doing and you guys all
said yes I should do the foot draft you
also told me who to buy on the top
comment whoa boom
Tim Howard so that means we are buying
Tim Howard now told you and as we are
halfway through the series as we're in
Division five now we are going into the
draft we still have our original entries
so we're using that now welcome to a
foot draft a new way to play it's not
that no v-fold summit team let's go
you know what formations we're gonna go
with a 4-2-3-1 okay I know this isn't
like a normal Ultimate Team but we're
trying this 4-2-3-1 let's see who our
captain will be that's absolutely
average I mean I know they're good
players but I've seen like Ronaldo's
I've seen legends you know what we're
gonna go with Catania all right here we
go we're going straight for the striker
who are we gonna get striker Pepe
hopefully I'm gonna go with juice right
meds whoo yo
oh my Robin or Bale Robin or Bale how do
I choose how do I choose this snap Chow
who do I choose Bell or Robin help me
now the first person I watch I will
choose hi here we go this is the Adrian
Gonzales he's that easy Robin we've
chosen Robin and now we move on to the
left side here we go who's it gonna be
white then we're gonna go with the
purple CDM boom wow that is absolutely
shocking we're gonna take the only guy
in a league that we have someone in I'm
so bad at drafts what am i doing my life
what is this what is that when your
armors all right I need someone to link
to Robin please Oh Danny Albus is back
and I think where she's gonna have to
take it send a back time we need a BBB
AAA BBB AAA BBB
you didn't get any we're gonna have to
go we've been a seer I have fuck this
team but badly I just can't deal with my
sex pay so go Williams please please
please no the league that we have people
in what have I done
sometimes we're going for the players
that we know you know the one that I've
got him in my team we have to use it
that's why I chose with you Adam as well
you know what we're taking the BPL we're
taking precaution ugly anyone else from
Elena's he's in the right league for
something I don't know what yet
haha this is all my doing although he
could work all we going nice and a Mars
me I don't care what the rest is you see
a name are you have to take your name on
voice for taking voice I don't care what
the rest is I'm not taking this thing
because I've just got to left-wingers
Contrave er maybe Martinez that I may
have take Martinez I have genuinely
fucked this up so buy low and douse key
now they've offered me the other chance
but no and duskies there any links Robin
I've really really screwed this up I
don't know what I'm doing what am i what
is what am i doing I don't know actually
he'll do I mean if I actually managed to
pull something off here or not I have i
telephone completes the squad now I'm
gonna have to try and make a change this
and try and sort something and it's done
we're sticking with this team okay 85
chemistry and in the first I don't know
10 minutes I will just take off Whitney
out them and I will bring on voice or
name oh I've only ever done one draft I
think on video and I want and I'm sorry
for spoilers but this is literally at
the very start evil 16 you guys all like
do draft do the draft play drift so I
had to you know what we're playing the
first two games if I win the first one
thumbs go rocky mode come on first get
buzz ronaldo first first game ran out
ronaldo really i have literally just
realized that I have no planning if I
lose like if I lose I am literally so
stuck for what to do I mean luckily I'm
not going to lose because this guy okay
never mind I may lose or will I or will
I all pen thank you going i en Robin
prove we made the right decision that is
for Adrian I can't believe in it I
wasn't even looking I told you guys I
don't need a back-up plan for losing
because I just I just won't lose it's a
simple equation fam yeah bear P did you
get bear views once done we where you
where you got for me where you got for
me right when yell them when yelled up
Oh turns it Oh sides in will yell done
go I'm eight minutes in I am eight
minutes into the first game on to Nilla
it's alright
be scared that Ronaldo and jump no no
see I have nothing to fear
okay I do ID to get rid how did he miss
that okay I do have something to fear I
have something to fear I have sir what
are you doing
new bitch boy Valbuena just go sell some
sex tapes or something
come on in LA all right just keep
running no turn back all right and then
oh oh I love give me another pen no this
is bad this is very very bad
this is very very very bad no you hear
oh I think was that when y'all do I'm so
happy I haven't made this up yet why
haven't I made us up yet now I'm stuck
do I make a sub or not because when you
Adams just literally bitter here or dr.
penny don't you perfectly pen from turn
a lock so freakin tool in flight it's 16
minutes or something I should have saved
that oh my gosh I can't actually believe
why they're lemons for that Sarge with
mud who's that is that it was that okay
then leave is mine but for how long I
thought I was it that's why it that's
what my tone changed come on Robin come
on prove your worth prove your worth
whoa oh that's one no it's not no no no
ref ref come on
jump get rid get rid he's pretty damn
good at free kicks ah
guys it's being done so him hate name
eyes on ballon uglies my left back
alright where do you get posture or the
ball the ball the ball oh how those
lemon dulski
that is Cathy neo that's what I meant
that fool was ridiculous water tackle
what's the challenge go go let's run
let's make a run now make a run this all
referee you are mad today seen it
through outside that was you Wow that's
it halftime good heart
not a good athlete at that hour let
three goals it in one half and do n
stuff go on go on
Oh seen him of his line boy jeez how
freakin powerful doesn't want to be mate
how the hell was he just missed that
route what a save what I save outside
haha just go and play Mon play Aman I am
Robin I am Robin that what that was a
thick shot come on Robin man you've not
impressed me today you're not all that's
actually done really well that's done
pretty well that's done
super well nice Oh Neymar water super
sub on the wing again turns in turns
back and then Robin finishes their
scholar you know it's in Venice Robin on
that Oh sugar there's a goal oh I told
you me and goal is sick let's stop let's
stop there we go there we go in LA I
look what's the throat it's an opera go
it's I've missed I've just missed never
go oh all right yeah I have I've just
missed to open goals six three I think
that's it full time
what a game six three somehow and that
is one win out of the four wins we need
to win the draft I don't know what to do
if I lose so let's go let's just go for
round two okay this is a this you know
what this is this is a freaking this is
a rocky team this no it doesn't work
unless I put my own on first-day attack
though let's just hope he doesn't get it
in attack let's just pass it around you
know play the nice football that we
played
good come on mate come on Matt rest no
land else please just go down there
hassle she said ah this is gonna be a
top clicking game this is right come on
when y'all done big touch where's the
where's lower dusky where is he there he
is at a back post got shot it's a good
start I need to understand this guy a
little bit better you know I need to
learn how he plays and watch his
movement saying that I could just you
know learn to run and tackle and shoot
and past it why have I passed it there
when y'all don't that you coming off
mate you think I was joking you think
I'm joking when you album for that
you're actually coming off name are some
boys now it's a party what is happening
what is happening I just have to win for
my luck well that makes no sense but
please get a win I know oh no how the
hell have I survived I don't deserve to
be winning I can't lie I don't even
deserve to be drawn I deserve to be shot
on right now came on now and there we go
there we gonna have visible sky from
Neymar and oh my face his safe is safe
what the hell where's nothing
and what just gonna whip in back post
keep us out there going from 6-3 to
freakin Neil Neil what a thrilling game
that is a really really short wall I'm
gonna think about it to that neighbor
guys what do i do what do i do I have 20
minutes left and I'm not really
threatening him at all and I'm actually
you know I'm actually starting to get
some good chalk I'm actually surprised
over pen juice oh god Robin please
please please proves I didn't make a
mistake by listening to that yes Adrian
it'd be a Roissy baby on there who's he
put on gon show me but he's brought on
Neymar's well we've seen he's seen the
true light now Robin is away now Robin's
away no okay that work somehow how am I
not scoring there literally I've gone
from just being shuttle to actually
sitting on I am now the shitter instead
of the shitty look at that look at Robin
mate look at him look at it oh oh oh oh
still go Oh still going that was the
worst shot I've ever seen in my life
but we've won that is blow your whistle
blow your freakin butt thank you done
I'm so happy I didn't lose because I had
no idea what else I was gonna do and to
be fair I deserved it he barely had any
shots in the half
two wins down two more to go next
episode whether the case I'm in the air
couple packs or whatever this one just
let me know what you're thinking what
you want to see on this series what I
should do just give you some general
feedback you know instead of players I
want to actually see some feedback I
don't know if you guys are enjoying it
how much or whatever that's all for
today anyway thank you guys for watching
and hopefully next time we're going to
draft that was a fake CR suit
this is
