yo what's going on guys and welcome to
another snapchat Q&A if you can't tell
right now the lighting in my room is
terrible because this is my life I
literally just have a lamp right now all
the bulbs have gone hence why this side
of my face is darker than this side but
then anyway let's move on past you guys
on snapchat for some questions how to do
video questions if you don't know my
snapchat by the way is the same as by
Twitter mini mr. seventh I don't use it
that much but I will start trying in
fact actually hey guys I'm doing the Q&A
now the snap jqa so I've got the
questions thank you guys to who's never
send them in and yeah let's answer these
questions now that made no sense but on
with questions can you keep up can I
give up no I can't spell red LSG what
did I just witness obviously that isn't
actually them nice from like a TV show
or something was that way what do they
actually spell LS GTL ste or stairs
clothes good government dark choc why do
I really really doubt that I was right
I'm sorry if you're watching this video
no one is calling you dark chocolate now
me on the other hand I get called dark
chocolate every other day twelve inches
so what is your favorite type of dog wow
we actually have a normal question but
favorite dogs actually a springer
spaniel i had one growing up and then my
family has just recently got another one
you know it's like will you grow up with
you like more fuck cats but all that all
kinds of dogs so but a springer spaniel
is my favorite my question for you is
have you ever had any paranormal or
creepy experiences in your life
um I mean at this house I've got little
cupboards like that one just there that
you can see that's like a little door
into the I don't know what that's called
but that's obviously the winds like that
that makes the door open and close I
mean I thought it was a ghost to start
with oh I do actually when I was a lot
younger me and my friend Lewis we watch
The Amityville Horror right we
like 11 and that film is an 18 so thanks
thanks but but anyway we were watching
it in his room and no word of a lie okay
we heard breathing he had the same kind
of thing and I know what you're thinking
it's gonna be the wind this one wasn't
into like the alcove thing under I don't
know what it's called
he's almost literally a covered like the
same that's a cupboard or a wardrobe and
no word of a lie
we heard breathing okay we definitely
heard breathing to this day I stand by
that see look now I'm standing by it
Oh Simon do you want to be best um yeah
yeah sure Gollum girl do you like my
pussycat
because my pussy can talk to you I don't
think that's normal
I dunno that gets normal to send a snap
in that voice lastly the question is
weird and secondly that voice
do you like my pussycat because my
pussycat likes you
yeah sure I like your cat who is the
official wedge man well I think you'll
find that uh this wedge man is verified
okay that means I'm official semen no
that's not my name next question son
well one of your little another side
motocross has I've been waiting for
about ten years who knows you know I did
love that series although I do a new
club series Big Brother clubs which um
oh what was that a plug oh yeah that was
anyway I do like my new series I did
like that series but it's so hard to get
with the sidemen together I feel like I
can't do sidemen pro clubs with three of
us that's not sad member of clubs that's
like me and two others and also ten
years of wild exaggeration oh hey Simon
I didn't know you live by my house I
listen listen big man I'm sorry I don't
get the joke you're literally calling me
a bin is that that much of an insult
that's also in your house as well I know
it's the garage but that's in your house
sorry man I'm gonna have to give you an
out give is that is that is that hurry I
think that's very what is good pushy
sound like what does good pussy sound
like what a question I can tell you what
it normal pussy sounds like what is good
pushing sound like I get it cuz that
that's you you're a Ben F all of the
Seidman went on I'm a celebrity get me
out of here who would be the winner and
why I this ones a good question let's
wait
lit down straightaway Harry wouldn't
turn up JJ hates bugs that he's out
Ethan just hates people and small spaces
so he'll be out me Toby Vick and Josh I
think Vick would be next to go because
he'd get bullied out then I have ivy and
bugs in the past but Toby is pretty
resilient when it comes to stuff like
that I honestly don't know who would win
let me know who you think would win all
right write in the comments who would
win I'm a celebrity sidemen edition
Simon how much stuff keep stuff in study
too stuff stuff enough stuff what I'm
scared of the next generation
yo silent my question for you is what do
you think about the new elite squad who
are you ever coming to Canada I mean
yeah I've been before I think I would
probably definitely go again I like
Canada's one of my favorite countries
why is my favorite countries of England
so I definitely go again I just don't
know when or where and this is really
starting to poison me know your favorite
color and favorite pizza a favorite ice
cream kid night paper covers read
favorite pizza is pepperoni and favorite
ice cream is chocolate what are we doing
did you know that when you run you put
your hand up like this okay that is a
lie okay Sanji how'd your second
challenge that you require with all the
other side man what's been your favorite
obviously GTA is up there cuz obviously
we wouldn't be playing if we weren't
enjoying it you guys don't know what I'm
talking about I got a second channel
we're playing random game check out on
the description
so many plugs but h1z1 may have taken
over it's just the only reason I don't
post that all the time firstly cuz I'm
terrible
secondly because I have to record that
for like three hours to get a game play
that is good enough to post and when I
say good enough I don't mean I only post
ones where I do well I just mean ones
where something actually happens cuz a
lot of time are spawning I'll run
and then I died very little talking very
boring how does it feel this whatever
you do in the end Vick star is still
gonna stabilize oh no no they wouldn't
do that to me
Vick wouldn't do that No Vick wouldn't
do that oh crap I forgot to tell Vic he
was manic coming and take me out um back
thought she's back
one more thing could you let us know
when you go strap it but let's almost a
checker they got too rough yeah thing is
like a really spooky pin that Mendez
well I've been Manson of snapchat
forever obviously I'm joking about all
this stuff guys so please don't take
anything upset seriously but that is all
for today for the snapchat Q&A be sure
to follow me for the next one
probably won't tweeter out it will be a
snapchat exclusive one so that it just
comes randomly but yeah that's all for
today thank you guys for watching they
even send any questions as well and
shoot George burst ready boom pase pase
he's just taken himself up takes it
round ok ok oh I tried to get to wide
George best mate he's too good he
doesn't miss those off-roader how's a
good tackle oh no no I'm comfortable
this is cool
I'm very comfortable right now I think
anyway I mean he's having a lot of
chances right now like that uh I I don't
really know what's going on just can't
keep the ball
