yo guys what's going on and welcome to
something that nobody has ever done
before okay some people have but you
know what I've never done it before
okay I've done it twice but it doesn't
matter it's been a while the last time I
did this was in 2016 in January so it's
been quite a while I mean I wasn't about
three three point two million as you can
see here I mean now we're on six and a
half so I feel like it's time I've
almost doubled it let's just let's just
Google myself again mini mint Switzer
District eight all of this is very very
boring any mint a diss track how many
views is this one twenty six
get away from me okay so we can all
agree that just mini mentor on its own
pretty dad is mini mint gay bisexual
they all they're very personal questions
okay
no bisexual no Canadian kinda I have a
Canadian passport so everyone who says
I'm Canadian
by blood I'm not technically citizenship
wise I ask the ladies who are looking
for that green card you know hit me up I
want to see what happens if you okay
isn't it too gay
why have you made a squad called mini
minta is gay you don't even put the
players in you just made a sport called
mini mantas gay is mini mint quitting
the sidemen no no my Christian you
probably think I am because I sometimes
wear a cross honestly not really I went
to a Christian school but I'm not really
Christian now am i dead sure lidge's
Catholic yep cool fangs son a virgin no
I'm not all right
I mean I'm my mom's probably watching
this I mean she probably she she's got
to expect that I'm not come on why do
y'all think Simon is a virgin look at
him why is norm replying why is no one
replying how other images why is a nine
skills telling me he's a virgin anti
masturbation course what's going on how
does mini Minter do his hair sake okay
so everyone wondering how I do my hair
this is a genuine where I do my hair
band sponsor me use this and bang done
that's it that is all I do and then it
just eventually goes to its normal
position which is like that effectively
you see that that was really boring when
it yeah you expect me to come out with
some amazing skit but no that's really
Boyd that's genuinely how I do it yeah
but do you think edit is videos edit
videos how much does he make unmake off
make a week you know what let's see how
much they think I have now these are all
like quite old so 2016 you know what
I've used that towel before we don't
need to do this last two weeks it says
I've earned 14,000 270 thousand dollars
I mean you can take that as you want I'm
just gonna say that this website also
says that I've uploaded minus 9 videos
so you know if you think that first
number is right you probably think the
second numbers right - mini Minter is is
gay so why there's nothing wrong with it
but why is hot thank you mini Minter's
Simon hot sagar sagging sexy is it just
me wearing what charles's low is that
just cause it's my pants are there this
whole video this video is just about me
when my trousers sag low for some weird
people a de minimis sexy ass what the
fuck is this okay so there was a fanfic
about me so here we go we go I grabbed
his arm and dragged him into a room I'm
so sorry I didn't even realize I was
spending the whole day with everyone but
you I was rambling on and on and the
next thing I know was Simon kissed me
it's getting hot we broke away from the
kiss and sat there in silence Wow I
thought to myself I am he began it's
okay I cut him off and groom I put my
hand on Simon's cheek and brought him
closer and we kissed again Jesus this is
getting hot and steaming he whispered
staring into my eyes as he leaned in to
kiss me once more we broke away for the
last time and I shyly looked down at my
lap fumbling - my fingers crossed
what the fuck Simon just smiled and
reached over to grab my hand
and looked at him glaring at me in a
daze and I looked into his glistening
blue eyes how can I get myself into
another mess with a boy only this
crashing - I don't know what happened
just then things just got very very wet
this isn't my self anyways
many mentor is the Illuminati I think
we've all seen that video I was
presumptuous I didn't mean that if you
haven't you can check out my video
called my biggest secret mini mentor is
demon real what does that even mean oh
here we go you two wiki there's
definitely something
he grew up in Hampstead hemel hempstead
just Herefordshire hartfordshire
attended the Berkhamstead school just
Berkhamstead school not like okay that
bits right he's the youngest member of
his family with two older brothers yeah
that makes you up yep yep yep yeah
favorite color is red his shoe size is
12 he has two brothers he's three days
younger than Josh she supports Leeds
because his mum side of the family are
from Leeds he wears a ring on his pinky
finger is it Minter family tradition has
many Mensa got a girlfriend this should
be interesting what happened between
mini-me okay let's just move on
supposing the girl in mini mintu
district okay let's just move on there
we go mini menses girlfriend's celeb
calm in December 2016 any mentor tweeted
everyone keeps going on about a girl in
my video why does it matter that I have
a girlfriend
apparently mini Minter likes to keep his
fans in doubts there is no credible
source at this point to fight to figure
out the identity of his girlfriend a bit
Lydia's single after all what do you
think I think that it was a freaking
twittered wager we did a video and I had
to tweet out wherever they wanted me to
oh god I don't know how we've ended up
on another freaking Wattpad thing he was
kissing me roughly but still
passionately my sweater was soon
discarded and laying on the floor soon
the both of us were completely undressed
he was putting on a condom ready to
enter me you ready
he asked I simply nodded and he pushed
into me and I gripped onto his shoulders
to ease my moans fuck Simon foster he
split up his pace kissing me roughly as
he did so as many men sir had a
vasectomy okay you know what I want to
see this I don't like how it comes up
with 11 things you didn't know about
Simon mini-mental I didn't know I know
I've never had a vasectomy phone number
has it got my phone number here sidemen
phone numbers OMG calling mini Mints are
gone he doesn't even call me no no the
numbers works got a fraud how easy is to
make a video now hey guys so today I'm
gonna be phoning PewDiePie you ready
this is his number apparently here we go
wait let's try again that didn't work
why didn't it work
this will must work
7:4 okay this one thanks for watching
that's that's phoning PewDiePie you know
next time let me know who you want me to
phone I can't be bothered with this I
can't believe it that joke that's a
terrible joke much mum who do they think
my mum is apart from Jesse Jesse is my
mum I didn't say that no one actually
knows nice I like that Simon Edward
minta fans also viewed Nick Crumpton
pick up Nick Crumpton why does every
single stupid page have to use this
picture sister do I visit I have a
sister who's that my sister a my mini
min - sister I want to find out I've a
sister I'm at gaming let's see you off
are you Simon sister I'm guessing you
mean mini mentor no I'm not apparently
people think I look like a frizzy frizzy
sister but anyone else to look like that
I'm sorry let's go with mini mint a
girlfriend who's my girlfriend I don't
think I want to do this this is this is
bad this is a bad idea you know what the
weirdest thing is about this is there's
more pictures of me kissing JJ on the
internet than me kissing a girl there
isn't a single picture of me kissing a
girl not that I don't kiss girls and
this is edited not actually me kissing
JJ okay many men to tinder this is the
last thing I'm looking at I need to see
this am i dating Simon mentally you know
what let's let's have this let's just
end on this so I'm in from the side then
you'd be cute together
oMG are you that girl who's dating Simon
from the side back I'll let Simon answer
that but yeah we have been going for
three years
really my favorite pairs are down at the
side wet ears
I love them all like so much you know
Mikey I just love them all musical art
okay well that wasn't done if we're not
dating then they're definitely no that's
just wait I'm not dead this is weird
this is done now this is stupid this
stupid no good people stop putting
dating Simon in the title dating mini
mini earth is mini-mental my boyfriend
in the title please I am burnt chips I
don't have a boyfriend or girlfriend I
just want to thank you guys for watching
I will have another vlog out very soon
I'm working on it right now and if there
are any videos you want me to do let me
know in the comments down below
maybe like a Q&A or something or
whatever just let me know in the
comments down below thanks watching
do too
