what's up guys and welcome back to the
cat big cat house the wrong song it was
meant to be seriously
holy clearly guys ahahahaha better ha ha
bang ah yeah it is the very best we are
back for another two games and the top
comment today was to buy PI X so if you
put as the top comment we got to do it
so PI it he is us done and if you didn't
remember we have one game left and we
need three points to get the title so I
have to win this vasa I have to win the
first game if I don't
I still get four and a half thousand
coins but if I do I get six thousand
this is the team where you use it for
now I think the next position we need to
get is a goalkeeper again cuz he's
alright but you know I could use a
better one or another centre back I felt
like we've got enough good fielder's now
centre back or goalkeeper let me know
but for now first game and we come up
again face sweaty ass frickin BBVA and
Bundesliga team what am i doing hi guys
let's do this we need to win today we
have we have to win we actually have to
win all right well no but lassie go I
judge best George bursts ready boom pace
pace he's just taking himself out takes
it round ok ok oh I tried to get too
wide George best mate he's too good he
doesn't miss those off-roader how's a
good tackle oh no no I'm comfortable
this is cool I'm very comfortable right
now I think anyway I mean he's having a
lot of chances right now like that uh I
I don't really know what's going on just
can't keep the ball up really put it huh
Renato roleplay was in the way how can
it be this scrappy this is ridiculous
now
now we have a chance seeing you far side
with it with it right what up
oh no wait turnt no I did a fake shot
going in cuz the 1v1 me only one me huh
laptop okay I know you're turning back I
saw that come in okay no there you go I
we have a little chance now win the
album back post what's up what a bull
and if the people walk no no no no no no
last chance last this is his last chance
as well his last chance as well no no I
know I know where he's running watched
it nah he's off he's outside I'll say
Julie Julie yeah he was he was a side
right solid half slightly off one nil up
somehow don't ask how I said totally
okay
I want my winnings just how we can keep
up because I have to win the game
remember
I can't just draw I have to win to get
the title a little run going on a rough
I wait still shots that's a foul I get
will take it what what how has he come
out with that there you go look at this
and then Blasi lassie turns all of them
oh chops another on okay oh how is he
escaping this good put oh that wasn't
meant to be a shot last seam and school
that look look at home and then turns in
and then finesse
how the Frick George best I told you
doesn't miss these two good George best
man carrying the team once again he's
not playing it yet he's tackling me
right come on change play up change
player to him then shape why is it doing
that I you know what boom what's a
finish son either quit or play get away
from me you little nerds get away get
away get away no come on it's actually
harder to play against no one I swear PI
out on his debut
there it is nice debut goal you know you
know what I actually don't bother but
this I'm getting food you guys probably
didn't think you just be watching me
food for this episode did you mean I
didn't expect to but I'm not complaining
you know what now let's get five fuck it
let's just let's just get a match
something five is Mac so we'll leave it
there now you're working Ryan huh right
huh gob or okay Jay move on he was
literally sitting there to the 90th
minute waiting yeah now what does that
saying huh I know mizu done it yeah
Division six is done which means we are
now halfway through the series right now
obviously I will have to win more games
they will be harder in the higher
divisions but technically we are halfway
through this series so I am proposing to
you right now will you want me to do a
draft not marry you you guys are weird
basically why I'm thinking is as it is
halfway through this series maybe I
should do a special episode where I just
have a go at the draft we have a draft
token unlock I mean I'm gonna play the
first game in Division five now anyway
but next episode I could do the first
two games of the draft if I win them the
next episode we the next two games let
me know in the comments also let me know
who you want why I have roughly 6,000
points so new division new team and I
City it's a decent team so I like KFC
your are about to get torn a new one
let's go hi I Division five is looking a
little bit like a challenge right now
we're gonna have to actually play well
get rid get rid no oh come on
okay closet
turning up there you go run run let's
run wait
see the gap seen the gap run Mario run
run oh no no none please please please
breath pen pen that's a dowser pen right
yes I judge puts weight right no yes
yours feel bad you should to save that
Oh sugar
fuck Oh Mike hey maybe I don't need a
beautiful lemon run run Leon you're
actually on but Lassie but lasse their
boss that is just what is that this
incredible this incredible no oh my god
and now now yes well then I saw a stupid
little man although I was that penalties
well he's getting down the middle as
well nope he is he messed do is good
good good
and then he scores that and then he
scores that George best know what is
George best mate it's Joe we have a
chance we have a chance pass it in lay
him off and then turn back lame in and
then oh that was easy easy boss
that is half-time I've done a lot of
time where's there we go now it's our
time I mean he may have the upper hand
but you did miss that penalty many
sports right after so no I guess I am
kind of lucky right now but this is the
top of division you know I'm expecting
harder challenges run it off go puzzler
there you go run oh no no no no no - me
too - me too huh oh poor well ref thank
you whip it in bat post that's a great
ball Peters out loads always you know so
many men forward and so many men back
tackle em no that's not hard to live on
is incredible
oh that's great peligro peligro bleep
balls on poor nose was no just do one
your site√≠s i don't know how this pots
words but I love the hell out finish
went in he went for the frickin left
foot - one up with 20 minutes left come
on got this no no no no no no make it
tackle make a tackle no stop this
foolish something attack
it's lovely exact great second great
single stop him stop him it's nice how
is he get all up get rid oh no this is
very bad this is very very very bad very
very bad very very very bad very bad
very very bad us keep chasing up down
come on come on oh no chase him down I
am the colonel it's done guys is done
we've actually just won what we would we
be I like can see I can eat all the
fruit I want now ignore the stats ignore
them all right don't worry about those
just worry about the school so we are in
Division five we have won our first game
you guys need to let me know who I can
buy with about 6,000 coins that's all
for today we're going pretty well still
even though we're in Division five it is
definitely getting harder though that's
what she said anyway say you guys for
watching and
soon without us at the safe back up with
it I don't care anymore I actually don't
care I'll actually fuck another Adler's
well we get another frickin inform what
do I actually end this if I got a legend
