previously look easy let's just spent so
many points and shit in form I got
lucked and I got Royce how am I not
getting a single good player this is
bullshit
all right guys we go hundred kopacz win
this win is the now I let's go there's
12 and a half thousand of them I know I
didn't pack opening earlier today but
right now I'm just gonna add boom we get
Schweinsteiger that is a great first
pack that's better than everything I've
got so far already and where is he
there we go oh okay the rest of you
sorry you go in we are just going for
the best today they're going quick
oh my god go goo goo goo goo come on
hundred K pack like / leave it a bump go
we have time to actually watch the
animation we just need to get the very
best no one good really guys they
shocked in there's only six thousand I'm
literally gonna get like five of these
if that go go go go go skip skip skip
skip Oh
the end of the one we got more real oh
but take him see how many we get and
hopefully we will get someone good
nothing nothing money no no
okay right Diego Costa Sergio Busquets
as well all right still 3,000 left I
should be able to use all my poison one
of the like five packs worth of this
maybe skip anyone
Wow Georgia 64 whether they will just go
there was 3,000 before that skip skip
skip skip come on anyone anyone anyone
anyone anyone anyone
no go we get rid of them I don't know if
there was any please please please yes
yes yes yeah yes one more that's it
that's the end that's the end of the
hunt Cape Cod are you in the no no no no
no no no no no no we goin out Oh boys
he's gone are we gonna see what else
with you yeah I'm not loading this yet
well I am now well I'm you know I've
waited to see what the next ones are but
for now we're done who done six and a
half hours later the next lightning
round is a lone player great oh yeah
2,000 years later we're back and then I
hope to k-pax we go straight in
I didn't buy many points why didn't I
buy many points but I'm gonna keep going
please give me some more good boom no
okay that was bad I know a lot of you
were thinking right now I know any of
your all commenting on my videos wow
there's a lot players I know your
comments in my videos why you pixel in
these players but to be honest I am only
going for the best and I'm talking so
quickly I'm out of breath it's fucking 4
a.m. in the morning
sridhar mocking is Ramsay
now Zabaleta know the rest thing you can
go right we need we go we are just going
to these they are not African Patsy we
are getting boom nothing these no don't
tell me these packs are terrible please
please please please ok Oscar I'll take
him not taking coke more of a heroin
person my said no don't that's a bad
joke bad joke Simon carry on by you know
what we're not gonna skip one if it is
better than I know not to skip but we
get Oh we're skipping from that one
actually court was like my best player
so far in this pack opening Oh including
the last one
ah no one else it's still 32,000 left ei
are making some serious Bank right now
but on give me someone else good Oh
okay Mullins that's what I haven't got
that's another info a little bow wash
rice tiger oh and my daddy yes what a
black mat danta anyone else anyone else
anyone else anyone else
whiny we'll take a shrine e and that is
a sick pack come on keep going come on
it come on forget give me my points
story Willie IGAD low again I don't
think adalah goes for anything but we'll
take a post or a and a Willie and these
plaques are going so slow 26,000 so I
feel like I can literally bankrupt
myself in this one pack opening company
I break it in you take Alba Alba as well
do I get a Suarez now can I get Suarez
or anything yes because I never get the
highest grade in foes I know I got
Ronaldo and I know I got someone else
you get the Mimi oh now no no one else
no JG just got someone that rhymes with
Smee Mar uh yeah I need to beat that now
and if you if you feel like helping me
eh
you know feel free for a hundred K guys
I know you're gonna say he's good but uh
add like fuck off leave yeah just one
more good players
tell me yes 8888 rates yoga so that's
the first time I've ever fighting
against its back on track with backwards
right now no one else though we are back
to going well I give me a good listener
bank good play it though
yes davon Louise now
i we another inform though yet crews we
get other we ask that's another informal
happily take it I am slowly getting
every inform possible Suarez Iniesta
that's that's the ones I need now please
Oh crews I'd not too many next to each
other please come on give me one of them
I know I've got a lot of players and I'm
being selfish but I don't care just one
of them one please please please please
no I mean de Bourgh and I'll happily
take you to Brian is frickin sick come
on come on I I hurt so I don't be okay I
fight a little bit right hopefully
that's another one I have a Grady was
swag it out there I know I'm complaining
I shouldn't be but I wanna fuckin
hydrate it in form please no I don't
want you I do what long I thought I was
someone else I'm sorry I don't know what
to do i I actually don't know what to do
I'm out of FIFA points I shouldn't
really spend any more money and I need
to I need yah yah yah yah yah yah yah
yah yah yah yah yah yah yah oh wow and
freakin Alber incredibly uncle there's
so many pipes look this is ridiculous
there's literally like 17,000 it hasn't
even been half and now again that we're
getting alarm again so much money being
given to be a right now but I need to
get a good freakin crus I've already got
you mate I've already I thought I saw
Informer if an in-form flashes our
babies is the highest rated player
obviously this is the time where I could
pull Pele this is the time or I could
pour a mad legend if I pull one I am
stopping I'm stopping off that
players involved get an average ones I
may as well just take my time there's so
many packs left and I'm just not getting
anyone good anymore had my good periods
there's just too many of them it's
actually hurting me I never thought I'd
say the day that there's too many
hundred K packs but I'm actually getting
Isco again and again and again I'm I'm
complaining just give me a pill a just
get it over and done with lads alright
it's about time I got pal a no and now
would a ski well that's another sick
play I've already gone but you know it's
a sick player I think it's pretty safe
to say that this is my best pack opening
ever nor in terms of what I've got into
it like one pool I've got an out on my
best player ever and I have just got so
many good without the safe backup buddy
I don't get her anymore I actually don't
care actually another adler's well we
get another frickin inform where do I
actually end this if I get a legend I
will endure Hey alright informs worries
that is when I will end it
yeah go cost Steve a cluster as well
this doesn't happen much you know what
we're just Josh told me to Yolo and just
keep going oh my god we get Robin as
well I actually didn't think of him when
I saw that I saw that pop up I did not
think Robin or dirt can top this is a
Suarez inform or a legend that is all
that can top this and it would end the
pack opening if I thought either then we
def de Bruyne again
monster boys an alleged twine legend in
from mention de Bruyne info oh my god
and I'm still going why am I still going
oh yeah that's why am I still going
Oh three balls and a butcher I'm stuck
it's sickening scuttle sterling bobber
see much easier anymore because another
important awesome nd as well
I literally have got every Informer
swear except the three good ones guys
I'm gonna have to stop alright we have
this and two more and then I have to
stop alright
no it's Davidson this guy's I know I got
a lesson I'm being greedy I want a
better legend I want a better legend or
in I don't want Milan I'm sorry Millar
nothing against you but I don't want you
f√†bregas I'll take that next to a Fidel
as well and a buzzer this is just a
better about us guys if you've clicked
off by now or then you're not listening
to this if you are listening to this
right now then you have seen a madness
and it hasn't stopped our lorries is
good but he's not as good as anything
else I've got today so I can't I can't
keep it why should i tenants not we get
oh yet hopefully again I am literally
drenched in sweat right now because I
know you don't want to hear that but I
am we pick company again and Berkeley
again get Boateng we get cushy Oni
anyone else okay that's a pretty big
pack the same size as all of them what
one about I don't want to know how much
I've spent on this I have opened so many
packs it's retarded
Verducci no I don't want you
I think I'm out I think I'm actually out
we've run out of points we've run out of
coins I think I'm just gonna have to
cool it day we get a quick why can't I
just kidding I know I'm selfish and I
love greedy but I just frickin want one
of the higher ratings what we get we get
we get centers a peg they just run out
of hats I don't want to open any more
I'm actually like tired okay finally
finally finals in form any esta oh he's
going into my club I I'm so happy I
carried on I was this close to stop and
and scre to inform and Cuttino and
Laurie's AB Benzema and that is
literally me out of coins I may have to
buy more fever boys but I can't I can't
not a con I can't not a con well though
I can't end on that shit I can't end on
that wait we're not done the pocket we
have twelve thousand three points left
and I'll probably get enough coins buy
one more pack off that so we have a
grand total of seven packs left then I
am done although if I get something good
I'm gonna end it there anyway because I
don't want to end on something bad and
if I continue our way then I might end
on something bad and I refuse to end on
something bad that's why I lay some
pains lay some lace and this is it this
is the last pack guys then it's done
it's done after this it starts Dani
Albert its know if that one this son you
know now it is done we got we can't
carry on like this I feel like I'm in a
relationship with you right now and I'll
break it up with you with lemon - we're
done we're done we're actually done
we're so done there with Lo and dusty
that is a frickin sick call for my last
pack and below next to it we're done and
when I say we're done all right
I told me we're done I mean look at this
chuckling this is pretty much every one
of them today Mulla levin dosti sterling
informed the brine boa tech now that I'm
learning the talk there's too many look
at that informs bends and my bow attains
all anime companies the Dow's been
thrown out Silver's de Bruyne to get
f√†bregas la Torre mom yes
okay see I just spent so many points and
shit in form I got Lux and I got Royce
how am I not getting a single good
player this is bullshit
you don't actually understand how many
points no you no no no there has to be
another one there has to be another
frickin chat shit get banged
