yo what's going on guys and welcome to
the lightning round state 5k packs are
out and I am just opening them there are
15,000 of them I missed the pits k-pax
they're like 5:00 a.m. and we are
storming through some packs
bernucci great we are literally just
going for the best okay we are only
going for our best players I'm gonna see
who pops up Ashley just took our mats I
can now we can fuck off that's 83 so
Garrett but I don't want to cadre back
I almost a thousand of them have gone
already I don't like skipping because I
like to know the player pop saw the
video no these are going quick you know
I don't know why that's a 5k buys the
free shit oh no no hi this is the one
that's the one ready boom Wow
not even a rare please can I have
something good I haven't quite inform of
this week I didn't haven't done pack
opening this week well I've opened some
in the past and now we get around some
great one good poor or bad decade open
it for McCain it's a sign now it's like
he's very very shit but calots will take
him now the floodgates are open and we
are going in for another inform now I
got a bit of belief we're gonna go we're
gonna skip this as well ads get done no
no not all right we're not gonna skip
them alright we're gonna just see you
pops up and then we'll delete them and
uh no you're going
I'm almost our points already you I've
haven't shown you everything I don't
think I mean I haven't edited it yeah
I'm mostly opening them that now ah
please just one more form
I don't want drug bar I want another
inform you know what we are skipping
this one album why nothing again you
know what guys are taking a second break
and we're actually just gonna open these
yeah we're Oh
all right we're back in straight away
with a nose pack here we go please Black
Friday reward me please for opening news
acts they are so bad and I need another
for me of katene yoke I mean he's a
right oh he's better than what I've got
so far my logic is if I open enough of
them I have to get something good and
this logic is failing me right now
no give me a where oh it's so bad these
bags have been so bad and I give a New
Jersey giving good players again why
I've literally got the worst in form and
that's it and now again for good Negredo
it's just fantastic you know what guys
I've done I'm actually done with these
packs they are absolutely terrible and
I'm not even getting a rare anymore this
is stupid this is actually just look at
that you guys know I'm not gonna stop it
you know I'm not gonna stop I need to
get some good players I need to get I
need one good play art Oh y-yeah you
please please can I just have one okay
david silvers an 88 rating but maybe
this means that the luck is changing
we're actually gonna start getting good
place now
my mom is gonna kill me and now I get
big a bit great bus great thank you bag
of it I've come this far I may as well
just carry on I may as well just see out
the rest of it there's no point not
doing it so no there's no point can see
now I can so now who knows what I could
have got and you know I could be gay
right
oh okay we back we back with a bang
get loose anchor body in the same pack
this is when eh is like you know what we
haven't given anything out we're just
gonna throw them at you ready boom they
throw me a village if I can get one
really highly rated player right now
these packs weren't a bit of waste you
know just up a narrow a messy a fucking
not not Jonas you know a couple informs
instead okay my doing why am I doing
this to myself I actually hate myself
right now this is horrible and I can't
stop I am actually I don't want now
though again we're into the last 1,600
Pat's that means I probably got you know
another like six or something and we get
bumped along oh my got one informs
actually ridiculous like I'm actually
shocked this is lip Stein again I'm get
the same players over and over and over
and over and over and over and over and
over and over and over again
again this happening oh this is it last
pack especially it they're gone now the
tacks are gone lose an auger something
in my last pack please
look easy I just spent so many points oh
shit inform I got lucked and I got Royce
how the hell am I not getting a single
good player this is bullshit
you don't actually understand how many
points no you no no no there has to be
another one there has to be another
freaking lightning round soon bye beg
one eternity i 50k bikes around now i
told you there would be more and i don't
have any people points come on complete
my transaction bitches i'm we going 50 a
pike I've been against someone who
pledged to open up freakin turn of day 5
a place and no okay you know what Lucas
is alright anyone anyone were keeping
nah we just get rid of everything unless
they're good there's already a thousand
and a half gone oh my god quick please
one and benattia no he's not worth
keeping I'm not keeping it there's
already two and a half thousand gone
this is going it's so fucking quick a
lot of time to get more point
what are these max please I am old
something good ei you owe me for the
amount of money I've just spent on a 5k
pace you all be certainly good that's
not good that's not frickin goodness
child I've got him in the other ones
this is it this is the one that's the
one I'm a hundred percent sure the we're
getting is very good yeah oh we're
getting informed okay we'll take him to
power to have time to look at him
anymore
go that's an asset in form though that's
as much as I got any other ones nine
thousand left I'm opening one every
thousand pretty much Oh done and that
was the worst one ever
how are people getting such good plaques
and I'm seeing here gain absolutely
nothing this is ridiculous please
please at all please Latinos no spike
let's go
no why am I doing this is just slow me
down go bang done it's done and I'm
gonna stick with my nose as well 3 2 1
boom oh we got la that is the baddest
that's a good ballet the one about okay
that's three informs today one more form
and I will be ecstatic with the pack
opening today but three informs they're
all shit but I'm alright if you know
that made no sense right Falcao
Griezmann yellow think they can both go
there come on come on please please give
me a good one please no lip Steiner
again I'd get that way too much I don't
want him hi here we go elephant pack oh
no that's not what we don't want Gary
don't want Gary I can hear Jason Jason
just got someone tasty just got someone
good JJ got Frankie I've got to inform
foot no why okay and Rodriguez is very
good 87 Rio I believe that our Pirlo
anyone else anyone else anywhere
although we'll take him though okay he
just got a very good pack jay-z just got
freaking insane pack please no I don't
want bar just I got no they've gone
that's it the gun is 145 it says and
they're gone
please oh we got no again we get lucky
sir and that is that nothing nothing
more please yes yes no no please
please
no please no they've gone gone gone gone
ah I mean Rodriguez luck is there Adler
Griezmann Falcao plus another two
informs not as good as a hopeful but
still still still why probably after end
of idiot there because that isn't 35 and
50 k-pax hopefully there'll be 100k
packs and I will put that video later if
I can open them my heart is rushing too
much I can't actually take any more so
I'm gonna end it there for today and
hopefully there'll be another video out
later today or early tomorrow or
something yeah thank you guys for
watching so yeah a lot of good players
what the Frick is what is going on right
here's a lot of good players so we need
to just pass it about play smart George
come on come on win you Adam nice nice
nice no oh yes yes George
turns out and again for this fair I've
out I
