what's up guys and welcome back to the
very best 10 years ago today George best
passed away so what better video to put
out then our very best and hopefully win
two games using George best I've said
best too many times rody
but anyway we're gonna play two games
today using George best and he is gonna
destroy everyone now the top comment
today was a big comment it was all this
alright all it is you guys gave me the
option of who to buy I said I have
around 7000 coins and one name stood out
to me they're nickel add tea any grill
near Nelson I don't know if you say it
like that
never anyway it was Erickson Erickson is
the only midfielder there petrol left
mid chamber take a upfront Bane cell
left back
we have rare gold every position except
sentiments so we're gonna get Eriksson
told you there we go oh no there we go
we got him and he was cheaper than you
said which leaves me with about 2,000
coins left you guys get to decide the
next player I get I was thinking should
I buy another one but I kind of thought
now you should decide so Erickson you
coming in for will sure he's very
attacking because now we have three cams
playing at sentiment but do I care now I
don't we are in Division six we need
four points for promotions seven points
of the title and three games left so if
I lose one I can't get the title and
game one is against the world 11
all-star 11 and he has a real edge ins
players shit like the what is that this
has to be another YouTube I'm sure of it
alright here we go here we go come on
why have you all pushed up that was
close not gonna why everyone just
suddenly rushed up up get such me we
need to stop this now I he has a lot of
good players what the Frick is what is
going on right here's a lot of good
players so we need to just pass it about
play smart George come on come on win
you Adam nice nice nice
no oh yes yes George
turns out and again for this fair I've
out hi ref ref ref suck your mother look
little
look hold up a sec hold up a sec right
counter go well see oh oh oh oh it's got
semen and gold right seen you on the
edge who's that
that's Erickson that's the new boy Oh
what the door was that way you go plus
in plus one more us again oh wait oh
sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
how do you forget aunt is a very very
fast-paced game George best George best
new post golf done it's done as soon as
you give George that space I told you I
even semen could stop that and seem it
is very stick what what no no no great
safe thank you not being a slack like
the rest of them what the hell where did
my defense go
where did my defense go thank you for
not having a good striker half-time and
I don't know it's a very very close game
it's very fast pace it's so even just
keep it 1 nil that's fine
one neil is all I need hi he is freaking
defensive right now look at the amount
of people he's got back and yet he
thinks he's gonna score with those drums
strikers you mad do y'all think okay
they'll do they'll do and then turn it o
velocity whoo whoo oh the no beg about
the last that wasn't even velocities
thought it was it Marcie I'll stall at
ease quitting that's one game done he's
quick if that's that baby him quick
please be him quitting please I'm to nil
up I've just scored a second goal I mean
it was my first shot at the half and it
wasn't an untargeted leave it please
that please Jules that's one game down
and we have won it we are one point away
from promotions as long as I get to our
last two games we promoted or I want the
titles you know what that wasn't even a
full game we're going into the second
game with the same team and game two
won't have three legends he doesn't have
the three legends if you haven't got
five of the back though bollocks
alright well we got this we got this
come on man
oh hello boom um and no you had a chance
all you do sure get rid of bad that was
ridiculous what that was that for handle
here and how did you win all these
others how does he win every handle
panic stations panic stations panic
stations panic stations panic what the
hell again I'm a little bit under the
pressure right now but that's all that's
how I do that's how I do it mo sure as
if I'm gonna win a header he's won every
single freaking it up
we've won it and then that and then and
then no okay we'll take it we'll take
you ever take it but lasse with a bull
okay wait wait he's giving was given
it's just even a pen is he giving a pen
George best any school two games in a
row two games in a row please Oh George
I feel like I should be losing this
games up and dominated by to hit the
post of it the bar fat a penalty can get
nothing
George best George best that's how far
one of them has to be a foul oh this is
good play scrape lee hwon Yoda near post
that is not near posting little button
what am i doing let's go oh my god what
a safe this would be amazing if I could
score now to be amazing our mouths side
anyway plays six shots six on target no
goals he's had seven and four no goals
and I'm not losing Biff I don't get goal
what there's very very serious threats
in Game one
no this is the three hours talking about
there's the god oh hi Scott Walker there
why are you scoring that this is just
ridiculous
I'm
and rap rap right thank you but the
question is now where do I go please
George George I should go down the
middle shit man oh thank you oh my days
no ref ref give me another pen all right
continue continue
I'll tell the corner hat somehow I got a
call now that they want for a post from
post oh it's good it's good
what what what what just up words don't
know about Pass about some Oh goalie
anymore you know I'm a little bit
worried about Pantilimon but I don't
know what to do with a corner because
his players seem to win everything your
exam oh so nice this is so nice this is
so no I rest calm although he could've
caught up and carried on to be honest I
just whip a ball in there you go he's
actually he's actually open oh go for it
prepare for it there you go posture
their turnout shoot all corner how was
that goal kick five frickin minutes left
five minute rest
howhow have I saved that what I didn't
do anything for how has he saved that
after-party lumens earlier antics dress
no send him off
send him up right now or I will find you
referee CLE yes thank you
like how water fuck off no come on that
was it
I have gore and that means I have got
promoted to shame this message freaking
dark it I mean it looks very even but
come on I missed the penalty I hit the
post at the bar I don't know you decide
at least I've been promoted okay and I
have about 3000 coins left one game left
and I just need three points so if I win
the game I win the title if I don't I
get promoted minimum four thousand eight
hundred coins maximum six thousand so
I'll have between seven and nine
thousand points let me know who you are
me - bye that is all for today thank you
guys for watching and see you hello dr.
Barrera aquarii you grow really great oh
my god I'm Cal Cal message obviously on
these other pictures off you've got
nothing to worry about Scott Hopi my
hands they're like a well no no cancel
that cancel that there we go right there
yeah okay right there no I know I know I
saw it too late and I don't want to
panic cause I'm in the middle yes no you
could have
