what is up guys and welcome to the final
day of Royal Rumble as it stands right
now I am top of the division followed
closely behind by zurka and then Cal
free C then K aside and Toby then down
there Ethan we have a very big situation
right now because if I beat Toby I win
that's it I will but if I lose and just
beat Ethan Josh wins
so the question is can I beat Toby I
hope I can even get a point against them
I went my team up with today is this
this is well this is actually the last
King don't know the score how many
upgrades are doing look away now
three two one alright so the first
upgrade we're gonna do which is we're
just gonna change these two these two
silvers or hey we can't go straight to
red gold so we get this thing then we're
gonna get rid of Kirchhoff because he
hasn't been playing too well and again
we are going for a non rare so how many
upgrades do I have left that is the
question and the answer is three so guys
the team that I am freaking upgrading to
the DAO sent amid who's so upgrading
Obama yang to inform Obama yang and who
sells on his Spanish mana it is fricking
input now I got late ob and as long as I
don't lose my win between Toby let's
frickin go I so be feel free to let me
win now okay
look at that side I don't think I have a
choice here I I don't know what shut up
sure you like playing with lesser teams
hi Toby you ready yeah man good luck
good luck let's go Oh Bevers I'm having
heart palpitations for FIFA I'm a nerd
that's a big word your biggest challenge
is yet been on the Left I'm just saying
he's the one who's been consistent the
whole series through oh my god
what oh okay I'm panicking now relax I
see it's not mess
messy so on yeah I knew gonna make a
joke ah ah no chocolate where's what
where's what team oh no she ow I love
blow no side outside
I've seen that another Oh No okay I need
to remember I can't do that on this week
oh my god take the ball with you think
of it
oh my god my passing thank you pause oh
hello
man in the middle is ya know my gotta
get a closet why you're so bad it for
see my love that love that
okay okay that's a bit too sure oh hello
dr. Berger everywhere on Oh Clara but
you were really great
oh my god I'm Cal Cal message it
obviously on this off you got nothing to
worry about
Hobie my hands they're like a well no no
cancel that cancel that there we go
right there yeah right there no I know I
know I saw it too late and I've been
want a panna cotta middle yes no you
could have I could split there the
pressures getting to us famine know the
person came to me no bread gets like you
know that was disgusting Toby yeah grab
the hand of the move rush out we're
gonna take it over take it okay I take
it we're gonna get sick oh my god where
these clearances no oh that's it oh my
god I'm so sorry silence years for
screaming in your ears I'm sorry I'm not
sorry because that was this game is so
close this is it's too close
like Toby please can we just can we save
both our hearts and rest and just end it
no milk can I trust you to end it no no
it depends are you actually gonna try
and end it nil-nil no exactly there is
there is oh my god oh my god Tommy I
know I should have taken a shower I just
tried to push an extra bit of strudel
you should of the off-balance shots
haven't worked some oh my god no it's
just another thing where I get
punishment or taking a chance against
Simon oh it possibly is our way very
possibly is you know Christ don't work
very good early no no no great hustle by
the hey I love you I love you too here
and in Forli let's go miss you're going
to score from their son before you know
it I can feel it already that you draw
me short then you're going to go long ha
ha ha look at oh my god my own up my own
player just like Simon you can let me
beat JJ hey I'm just say it and you
could let me win the entire thing which
is more important all the time I always
come very far back in these tournaments
for some reason cuz I'm bad that's why
oh my god yes good son it's gone go on
prepare a girl a career sure is nice
look right now no no no another pin for
a girl okay Moscow Moscow Moscow please
Monsieur please Sophie don√≠t lie he
stood it Toby wild pulmicort
kal freezer you barely beating JJ right
now Toby I can't believe you're doing
this just for JJ I need to beat him you
should see how he taunted me oh my god
no no but no escape ooh could you see
honest almost serious Oh Oh is he broke
you broke everything
oh my god Thompkins I love you no no
what no no no no
you're lucky
Simon I don't deserve to win this game I
know can we win this head up oh my God
my love away please another corner I'm
not gonna score a corner watch the guy
go on get ahead I get a head up too far
oh why oh why do I wait wait let's go
let's go let's go that's it please oh my
god
no no not now not like this not like
this daiya daiya I love but Li Toby
we're not mates mate you beat me five no
II know no I didn't know in this
tournament well in this tournament but
lost no we ate mates Toby we are we are
I can't believe I'll actually just lost
that game have you looked at the stats
no I don't want to tell you look at the
stats I don't want it to be look at the
damn stats
y'all know to be fair it's about time
I've got some luck but I just remember
this next time I had nothing happy
enough you know you keep bringing up the
five Nitto five-nil I'll bring up this
well the thing is if you guys want to
actually know what happens in total you
need to check out your shoes video
against Ethan the whole reason Tobey won
that game was because he needed to beat
JJ and JJ has to lose the cow for that
to happen so be sure to check out
everyone's channels be sure to check out
Toby as well thank you guys for watching
thing us watching the whole tournament
in fact and we love you yeah sure
honestly yeah I'm like stop the counter
no come on
okay come on you're scum alone okay
you're gonna give me here I can't I can
feel it
okay no no go to there but why did I
pass there well I woke up
