what's up guys and welcome to the condom
challenge if you don't know what this is
I basically seen online is where you
fill up a condom full of water and then
drop it on your head and something
happens
I've got Lewis filming I list my own
face
yeah and I've got my beautiful assistant
fixed are about to drop it on my head so
let's let's just do this now I guess I'm
hoping it finest in GT room mostly your
fill that cuts it out from the top of
the shower but flick the thing click the
thing no damn it
no you haven't they never I was taking
so long oh my god how much chocolate
make how much Dr Philip why is he
sideways why is it sideways look how is
it you're an expert but come on
foreheads how much did it why is this
more that's more the bat let hang me
Hank okay that he's not big enough yet
Oh God oh my god
okay go keep going Wow no don't you
think keep going every week and up for
your time I hope I'm serious hardest
fast can you try not know yeah I'm good
core concept in this situation I do
hi so we realistically have no idea what
we're doing
I like I don't know if there's actually
anything to do with this is there an app
or a little just drops on my head 3
so discovered
you found something now that is for
every way
oh this is horrible from to you I think
some CG 820 magnums okay this is hater
take two take two I'm a Kerala yeah
we're not going to tie it up so this
time hopefully will work and whose idea
was that yours you tied it words of a
victim and he's ripped condoms or oh my
god for your pleasure
yeah well we the hunt this whole thing
is my I can have it you know I'll
actually get that three two one we're
reusing condoms now don't do it no no
yes look at this this is not me I did
not have an accident three and two one
drop it drop it drop it
oh no again this ain't working can I be
the one drop any idea about the tickets
coming drive over a few moments later
holy shit go in there Oh three two one
go happen for exact inches I was a you
are who you are water balloon for a
second go go your job is your high go
you need to centralize it
I thought of it only one day one day I
wanna fucking master Louis you're gonna
pay you three to one it's the best use
of the weazy show mess it up and see I
can see them fucking lubricant dripping
yo that's not doing anything no it
doesn't it does it helps oil helps what
stretching it golly
but why did I pass there what I woke up
oh go wow how did you get that one just
few tell me how you even make that pass
because whenever I try to make that
passing goes all the way back the box
just let it go and keep it stored let it
go in home whoa
but when that wind up okay chase him
chase em chasin now lined out like hot
sauce to dermal fun all right - no
that's not anything that I can't come
back
