what's up guys welcome to something that
I haven't done in quite a while I'm
doing a video with my mom Jessie we're
back for a UK vs USA showdown done'
hardest words is basically a pack and
play
we are both opening five 15k packs that
is our team if you don't get a goalie
you dhaba goalie then the loser discards
their team don't know jesse is all my
mum you can take around the description
right now I'm gonna be opening a pack
then she'll open a pack then I'll open
if I blah blah blah will open five each
and obviously I'm gonna win like always
so here's my first pack this is the team
that I'm gonna be using and the first
good player I get in Oh Roberto Wow okay
at least I got goalkeeper button saying
that I also got three left backs this
isn't gonna be good so these are gonna
be my packs for Simon for you and I'll
put my team together as well we're gonna
start out with my first pack I need a
keeper please for the love of God give
me a keeper we got a hairy cane on the
freakin cover here you can't let's do
this should I skip it or should I watch
it oh we get a can we get Stendhal so
that's not a bad start it's not the best
start though but it's not that we do get
a keeper as well so I'll go ahead and
place him in the squad this tea he's got
some big old tea okay so obviously I
didn't start as well as I wanted it to
but I go goalkeeper that's what counts
the second pack with Ag we're on the
front again leave give me a good striker
please give me someone good like it's
Google Torres least it's not the bad
Torres and we get another goalkeeper
really and also Lovering okay we're
getting some defenders but no attackers
alright second fact we can do this I bro
I wore the Simon t-shirt for good karma
good Karma's gonna come out of this I'm
gonna get good things these packs
because of it and we get a keeper we get
Carrasco who's French you actually might
put him in cuz I already have a French
dinner back here so the other players
hold on oh wow
so we get some pretty nice players down
here at the end I get Rufina as well as
Valencia which is huge I won more ppl
centre back and I have a full BPL
defence and goalies so an by domine
strikers yeah I haven't got single
strike I don't think so now CDM okay
alright massa
it's actually a player end of Wow we got
a lot of players and he kept No No
no no good ones that fit how is that
possible all right third pack we have
three more to go I can use like a really
sick striker
valencies all right but I need a second
one he needs to be sick okay so we get
Keasling that's actually good exactly I
was looking for but it's so good all
right
two pikes left and I actually still have
a striker I need a strikeout moment
looking I'm not looking please can I
have a striker one striker and I'm happy
a BPL would be the best please just
Aegon still no strikers how is this
possible
stop you won this company want to be
unfair and striking as a PBL striker Oh
Rondo may have just saved me two more
packs remaining lucky controller lucky
black controller is nothing really lucky
about this controller we get a right
back we get Martinez wonderful Bundy
phone okay oh no oh no oh no I've just
realized that I don't even have any
midfielders from the BPL so there's no
point having a BPL strikers no I may as
well have any striker what have I done
although I haven't done anything the
packs have been absolutely shocking and
now I'm game Polanski oh my god these
packs please please have been filled
another centre back with with screw guys
were actually screwed all right this is
it this all rides on this final pack
please be like an in-form or something
make it interesting yay come on it's Sam
it is nan Golan who is actually really
freaking good that's sick okay I believe
I believe okay that doesn't mean it's
right this is the best team possible
okay we have 93 chemistry everyone is in
position except Ron darkness we're left
mid and Mandeville is playing right in
so I'm gonna be playing very central if
I'm struggling you know I could bring on
Corona I could bring on matzah hi now we
can have a look at Jesse's team right
this would probably be worse all right
so this is gonna be my team right here I
have a 4-4-2 just going with the basics
cuz I'm gonna try it out I've been done
a 4-4-2 in a while you have Keisling as
well as valencia strikers as our right
med we have a name oh my god Luke on Joe
Luke on Joe I'm gonna go with that we
have Ning Golan as our cinnamon as well
as Stendhal this is my team I'm playing
against Simon I want to beat him
hopefully they'll be able to deal with
this team all right so now you've seen
both of our teams we're gonna go into a
game I don't really have much to lose
hopefully she has something I haven't
seen
hopefully she has something that I could
make her discard yeah now we go into the
game so Jessie let's go oh here we go
you team's right how did you get 93
chemistry because I am awesome
alright mine is bad like I thought
something great was gonna come out these
cracks I didn't but I do have elincia
and he does do this kind of oh okay
Black's under stuff yeah exactly that
good a lot you can played each other in
this FIFA so you know what I like
amazing I am at this FIFA what's you've
improved from the last one are you still
going I'm still Oh blame fool go jumping
willing to play okay wait and then oh oh
oh no we're done yeah I forgot who I
have on the scene from here to the other
no train no go well no one else uncut
ridiculous advance over boom doesn't
matter it's done where am I good there
we go there we go this is where I
actually do the decision to go to nil up
oh wait for you to make that decision
yeah you're gonna pass over there why
would he have crushed it back there what
is this game old posit what what say it
again whoa get it get it there you know
yeah but now what now what yesterday the
what I got no ready yeah it is low right
and now pus go oh yeah you just keep
trying to take me out
oh that's here you play yeah oh I'm
Blake stop the council oh come on
okay come on come on what's Caballero
okay you're gonna give me here we can I
can feel it low speed okay no no go to
there but why did I pass there what I
woke up oh go wow how did you get that
one just you gonna tell me how you even
make that pass because whenever I try to
make that passing goes all the way back
the box
just let it going keep it stored let it
go in home whoa da but when that wind up
okay chase him chase em chasin now I'm
down like dogs to dirt
all right - no that's not anything that
I can't come back from especially in
this game and it's good whatabout even
although you can chakra sees 100 oh yeah
a little bit of pressure now
no no outside tackle it's not anyway oh
you know it was it was yours outside I
know what you go and exactly where you
guys are you know stop it though no no
all right old school here we go
ward in an old school loving it over the
door Oh
oh my god was it there you go and then
dumb it oh no oh no oh God
oh oh your keepers good as well you go 1
P 1 P 1 P 1 meat gone gone up toss it
down one where you going
yeah that's a ha ha no so I go oh shut
up oh you dig it what're ya gettin away
he's off either side to side tackle all
right that's a good apples about those
mad
why do they keep running away oh yes you
know you can I in no way you and Billy
we're gonna watch it I was listening
every time I change to a player he just
ran away
we're still got we're still good Oh Oh
rep like oh one supposes now the story
but really yeah - two maybe actually
they literally like five minutes is now
- please come on Jesse let's go party oh
oh yeah come on Jesse let's go for it a
cycle oh oh that would be huge don't do
one of them
don't be one of them be what oh my god
you're keeper oh hi so obviously we
can't stand in the draw and it
disconnected early so golden goal let's
go all right so you ready for this I'm
ready to start a golden goal
whoever dies first goal wins that's how
it was Scott oh you got to him oh you
got to own this gonna be it isn't it I'm
getting old it's good yeah no oh my god
lemon
good good good son get up get on right
no what oh no no no stop it and it will
go straight to the playoff know what
we're just gonna with falling again
we're gonna keep whipping it oh that
book oh it's done it's done is done holy
oh my god you lucky little every time
you literally have I so what I'm showing
you right now is a Jesse discarding her
team because she lost so it could begin
I am beginning i'm distorting everybody
right now I've just got rid of my right
back we're going from the defense up
because it gets more depressing as we go
up um so I'm slowly making my way
although it takes drivers are a quicker
way to discard this stuff the need I
know of but I think there is I think I'd
sweep I want it to be you know slow long
painful the most painful ones coming up
right now and that's going to be Ning
goal and he's 83 rated who was supposed
to be a beast and he gets her goal on
you to take this into the extra time
okay but was now gone he's gone he's
been removed and then we get rid of
Kiessling who's actually abuse as well
and then finally my hammer we have to
get rid of Valencia this is the last guy
alright that's painful so if you guys
didn't notice there were another five
packs we're gonna go do another game on
justice channel with new teams you can
check that in the description also check
out Jess's channel while you're down
there thank you guys for watching then
Jessica playing suit whoa whoa bite them
like twice or bit oh my god yo my pants
are in my pants um no no no no no no no
no no um you can't um can't do that
right oh my fuck imagine yes that's
halftime
yes Safari oh ha ha we start another 45
minutes oh I'm gonna fire off foot
