yes that's right what's going on guys
the date is the big boys are playing it
is me versus the man himself ksi or JJ
don't know the results of the other
games look away I'm giving you the
second three - what I you know what this
is the team I have upgraded to I got
three upgrades in my last game
Lewandowski a whammy hang an alibi now
you're probably thinking why them
because my center bats have been amazing
my midfield has been amazing my
goalkeepers been amazing and now I want
more goals
so I've upgraded those through my left
side has always been the weak side so
we're getting a lover in now we have to
play JJ the tournament is going very
well for me at the moment he's one of
the ones that I really want to win
obviously because the whole rivalry
thing so let's go Jaden let's sukham win
and the showdown begins oh shit oh you
have a really good attack some of you
yeah but you have a really good at you
what you have the greatest attack are we
having the deal again yeah no Neil full
time we just spoke it's going on yeah
yeah I'm sure down time till now let's
do this Oh baby
alright compel it huh no no no my
players just ran away
alright a dollop oh okay oh you know you
brought you in the box
oh that's a great stop oh you're paid
open I like this little dink in that
little dink
that was for you that was a clear top
side eh that's all oh look who's on see
you fossae oh I can't stop slow and I'll
stay there
look why is that now because you just
ran into me like a baboon ha ha ha ha ha
ha sonic go oh yeah oh the Rev whoa
who's open now jesus fucking christ
oh yes that's a friend there's a vein
that's not red it's a red as well that's
a red Wow shitting how I was that way it
was disgusting you are filthy filthy war
mine huh ksi say something racist all
right
I know you're gonna pull out on the line
I had to do it
no no no no what's the team know yeah so
my ass ha ha
ah did you just come that go in from
that angle way like is that he knows see
who's strike forces bad now huh
interesting finish but now they're when
you just boss about Oh Dukes what the
stakes shit mistakes oh oh right oh my
gosh
I believe dancer I will break up week
come on oh oh oh my them look like twice
of it oh my god yo my pants are in my
pants
um no no no no no no no um you can't own
can't do that right oh my fuck imagine
yes a tough time yes Safari
oh ha ha we throw another 45 minutes
oh I'm gonna further look like your face
hi 2nd half at least need a goal I see
no one Oh make it
look at that oh I could neither one of
it literally I can't be us what is up
with my people
okay go go go go go go why is he out
here why is
I don't want lower down skew on the wing
no I'm not no lemon Dao ski get back in
the middle get back in the middle get
back in the middle low and L skee-ball
oh thank you well what what's the pot
okay go go go go rest rest
bang see how to factor your defensive
I'm not I'm better I'm not on though
you're okay are you an ultra defensive
nope
I'm playing the game bro what you want
I'm on neutral like what way is that
that just explains everything
what what does he play just jam Shazam
fucking joke Bret are you fucking
serious yes I'm serious G God go oh oh
oh my school this is so much I'm so open
Oh
Plus it oh cool now take the core
nothing cooler mayor again for that
chick poop well no oh wait gun guards
watch it oh oh okay domina there you go
no rap flavor so go play with your boss
yeah age okay the first goal was the
second goes away no fuck you and your
age why what did I do
so app1 jeet literally a liar cheat my
god before you carry on go look at the
stats I don't need to look at the stats
guy look at the stats change I don't
need a look at the stat look at the stat
why it's not I was such a shit shot as
well and it dribbled other ba ba right
that's all for tonight done breath work
you guys not okay
yes sir yeah because let your guy just
follow reason women needs to hit gym
you're women
I know boom in hell mate I'm like ha ha
ha
