yo day whatever it is I think it's like
day six this is day six I am playing
against bazinga for the second time I
played him on his channel already I've
also played everyone else in the toilet
this is the second round anyone that I
played on my channel before I'm now
playing them on their channel anyone I
haven't played I'm now playing on my
channel first up is Ethan last time we
played if you don't know time listen
three two one I always do that I give
you a little chance to get away I be
Ethan the two one and I got two upgrades
last game I played I beat Toby one-nil
on his channel and I chose to upgrade
whoever was there for mayor our team is
almost all non red golds but I'm really
really liking our my defense ladies it
set the left back on me after changing
Adler's ticking goal I think the next
players that I'm gonna have to upgrade
are my strikers I'm gonna change the
right left forward to actual strikers a
family yang and low and aus key put
Muller into a cam so I want to get at
least two goals today so I can chase the
two strikers anymore as a bonus I'm just
I'm hoping to be Ethan because the table
is really close right now and even the
hasn't been doing too well so this is
like the game I should win technically
not saying that I will Ethan or bazinga
let's go let's just get this game done
right busy bowler welcome back from my
home oh you've grown yeah I do but you
still have a few little uh none wrestle
them like we're still but honestly I'm
just sorry for everyone that ever
believed in me
good luck Ethan good luck thanks man I'm
hoping to at least get appointed a point
yeah a point I would be happy with the
point well come on Ethan throw it well
for it oh thanks I'm stuck in oh oh boys
that on the 100
oh no oh right I'll see you do this
quick Tony thing I you yell are you
quick possible and a drama to a proper
fancy smug like brain buses yeah
like oh yes fuck you that is not okay
yes yeah because well your guy just
follow reason women needs to hit gym
your wimp I love a mayor
no boom in hell mate oh my ha ha ha
right this is bull that's bull that's
bull
no oh yeah you push beautiful ah that's
right we're gonna go to a mate don't
turn this into another Jew be Espino a
game okay tamil oh oh my god
oh whoa your name's bazinga
whoa alleged but your name's bazinga
yeah mine is yeah how am I losing to
bazinga
that's an upgrade baby and how are you
losing to patinka I need two goals so
that I can fucking upgradable playable
bogus Oh what doing new upgrade oh my
place is so bad
hey yo you're very touchy today
sensitive cuz I'm losing to bazinga like
you want the referee to give you stuff
up a lot of sniffle oh my gosh blue oh
furgus baby that's one I know I've gotta
kiss hi I've seen a chance as long as
y'all Jillian she knows craw wanna whoa
darn I might win it win it with it with
it great header great frigging great
play gone how's it Oh Oh posture
Oh clicks it variable Oh Lucy yes what
Chester Manchester man a Vegas for a
bigger school a bigger school a bigger
school but that's right on that's a red
if you guys disgusting Ethan cinema
cinema 4d corner going CD
why do I not deserve this either side I
need this Sonny I've got my two upgrades
I know who I'm already more to choosing
hunt team for Zynga fucking unite and
help arrange good why rage go race good
Oh yellow shit
your little although oh ha ha boom boom
I choose the N tournament like Lenny
leave let go I never go just peace oh
it's about a deserve it man whoa whoa
whoa
yes boom boom boom names a glare on ed
murrow
okay his name is a girl by this that
blow his fucking big this is his fucking
big and he's just fucking me off oh oh
oh please be on your dawn no no she will
need it just it okay that's like half an
hour left
can I please got what ah young gold is
coming at to you
hey everybody comes gonna come no why
take organization please whose party
please please no you misleading a jock
just coach our threesome oh my heart my
heart is racing right now okay kick it
out
no man because you know get out on your
go back kick out no kick it out not an
idiot kick it out man no I'm not taking
an unfair advantage now no I the good
guys the guys my papers down oh I'm
sorry
give me the ball one let me score man
yeah decent decent golf board takes six
point five it is not rap rap rap you
might get mad
oh my global balls look at him
oh oh oh my god and you deserve to see
life why you be quiet
I don't know cuz there's nothing to say
I'm just trying to win Ethan I just just
just want to win
Ethan Ethan getting full of days
cool a day that yes a cooler day come
even cooler day bro cool air day no oh
my god oh my little oh ah pot the bus
hot the bus Wow the list again that's it
that's it that's it he's done it I'm
free to pee oh my goodness
you Damon okay man oh and I'm like an
upgrade
I can upgrade but I get upgrades I just
don't win games alright I can do with
this I can deal with this George best
who is his goalie dragon in short and
then just put it just over him and boom
stop stop naughty naughty good don't
score those stop em stop this stop
I said naughty naughty oh yeah there we
go now we pass it in and then we take
touch in take it touch fit us for last
