I want to be that's right we're back
with our very best and you guys let me
know who you want to be to buy well you
let me know quite a few players actually
I told you guys to let me know one place
with beauty you told me eight for some
reason why why you told me to get these
players okay and the bottom four what's
the point where you've got wing face
afterwards so I know you're trolling I
need you troubling me about those for
the others I can't even afford Maurice
is like 20k mad cities like 10k I have
roughly like 8 9 k hurry he's just not
very good
which leaves Jack bullshit so we are
gonna buy Jack Roush if I can find a
good one for cheap alright so Jack
Russia we've got it bill on my weakest
player in the field has been Cote so
we're gonna just replace it for one game
ok and we go back into division six
which has proven a little bit more
difficult because we've drawn three
games and lost ones and within two games
today would put me two points away from
promotion I said promotion Game one is
against spider FC Luzern Tim's why
actually they're all very average
players it's a good team it's not the
best it's not the very best whereas my
team is so we're gonna see if we can win
a game let's go oh boy let's get rid
what is that what does that pass it no
why did you take it
why are you taking a touch no see them
go please be on please be on blizzy on I
please get that war gun George George
yeah Oh run run run run velocity run
okay oh and then take a touch in and
then bring it across the cold never top
elastic I losing this game I'm not even
drawing it I am winning this game which
makes sense if I'm not drawing or losing
see look I told you wait wait wait wait
and then pass it on wait always turned
in well has he no he hasn't
was he okay well I don't I don't know
no oh no no grace a grace a bouquet come
I've got this on lock ah by luck I mean
y-you got a that's a cycle side of fun
whoo I half time maybe maybe it's not
justified that I'm winning one nil but
who cares I normally do but I don't this
time I need a second goal very very
badly not there Jack I need you to do
something please Paul go oh no like like
save me on the leg actually may have
just saved me normally like is my
arch-nemesis today maybe on my side oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god how am i winning two
nail lalana Oh Marci ow oh oh oh I see
the second goal okay this is on you jack
Lou boy Jack new boy Jack like it why
are you pausing it's three Neil in the
70th minute why are you pausing it now
you know what I want Jack Wilshere
I want him to get a go oh my god please
get what that baby him that bear be
freaking him that's one went down one
more to go you know what I can't fool
Jack well you didn't do anything wrong
he didn't do anything right but he
didn't do anything wrong so we're
keeping the same team we're going into
Game two let's go boys and his team is
the be guilty wise the BPL team with
ever uh and some weird players on the
right hand side it was a French team am
i and I minded you Wow I did not like
these kits together all right all right
I can do with this I can deal with this
George best
who is his goal each I came in short and
then just put it just over here
and a boom
stop stop naughty naughty good don't
score those stop em stop this stop I
said naughty naughty I oh yeah there we
go now we pass it in and then we take
touch in take touch fit us Blasi lemon
run run run another ambassy
all right yeah yeah he knows I'm turning
him he knows I'm turning in that lag
that lag literally threw you off so much
that's not even sure I nice turn nice
turn all right you know what
turn back there you go play across take
it up that was a cool touch okay plain
mistake you made mistake I made a
mistake you've made a mistake
oh don't I'm in with a boom oh you can
hear the boos from there all right we
have Chelsea hotels no oh wait wait it's
still on trusted on chance is still on
palazzi just know right blame on all
right no why please just a matter
anywhere called school halftime I can't
freaking score against this guy no
matter how many shots I am I can't
school and you know he's gonna win one
new uh-huh ah no there it is no I'm
gonna cry he wins and lay off again lay
again George best George you running
away mate you running away you're
terrified to the ball oh no no no no no
no no gotta go we need to score a goal
how can I win without school year ago
George I didn't mean to say that touch I
didn't mean that touch wait wait my dad
to move up the wave for a chance to hood
John's are the touch me
all right I oh whoa I'm genuinely gonna
sell him please you know what George
George best junk I put that far post now
he's going to cross it and go okay my
keeper can make sense to Last Chance
clam in no turn back turn back pass it
pass it
we've boys that boss one of these bosses
wait wait no no no George who would have
thought George brushwood friggin let me
down there oh my god how am i drawing
that who was so bad I just couldn't
score I need a win and a draw out of the
last three game two wins and a draw
would get me the title
I already got about seven thousand coin
so you guys to let me know who you want
me to buy top coil either one I choose
sure like John's comments say guys for
watching and I need four just practice
see you didn't expect that did you go
did you go I know it was freaking easy
though he's on your team Andy this is so
silent yeah this is too easy to me why
you just took me out bro don't bro me
okay I just wanted corner Miller was
down I need Muller know why some other
pigments
