yo what's going on guys and welcome back
to another day of breaking that Royal
Rumble
yesterday I play Josh on my channel if
you haven't seen it go click it now
three two one out you've had two charts
we move it on this is the team there's
one upgrade
I beat just one Neil if you didn't know
that you should have clicked off when I
say my upgrade is my left back Wendell
because against JJ against Josh not
really against Ethan I had a struggle
with his right middle right forward so I
thought I'd upgrade Wendell now I am
learning at scale for easy who is a very
very weird one for me in terms of
playing at him because he sometimes can
destroy me sometimes I can destroy him
sometimes close could go anyway I don't
know who I'm gonna do I was gonna
upgrade my goalkeeper but he played
really really well in the last game so I
think I had to upgrade my left back and
if I saw again this game I think I may
have stopped them under center back or
get rid of this passage you're not
creating further whatever the case I'm
play Cal freezy I'm gonna win let's go
mr. Cal three dicks at the same time
okay so Cal Ruby let's see your unit
inform up you to youtube so much why
have you got in for Muller oh you've got
like most of your team is what you call
it is gold already I'm sitting here
scraping for gold you ause made it sound
like I'm there no with an inform here
yeah well I but mine's a sinner bat
light bird I've a striker dinner
Saturday okay what are my hands are cold
oh no no this is better seriously like
it's cold in the flat today so I just
put this last time I don't know we
talked about it - Jenni minute i i i
swear i come up what that's a cross no
that's a shot no dollahyde myself shot
it was supposed to be across here we go
throws sin for a sin ski I'll go him as
well he's a demon i sir we have the same
team I don't know what I got an ass
passage you got an assassin yeah obey
because that is my man
going to do a mattress oh okay perfect
go
I just thought tensing my bum when I do
that you make some noise inaudible
during this day oh no no no no no that's
a go you stupid piece of crap I I was so
close to upgrading him as well I'm so
happy I didn't new boy Wendell what is
he is he the new pickup
he is the new pickup I look at this
ladies dancing he's dancing not on my
dancing queen Oh 17 something pass it
not that Wendell I took not in Wendell's
black oh I always rode it was my
microphone boy that I don't baby don't
baby - hey don't babe right you know the
bait I shoot I'll rig is you shoot I'm
going to see I'm just trying to choose
little you take your time that's why oh
I'm not gonna fight as well boom I'm
gonna keeper his um easy still new to
the game by the boy yo mister such is my
dad wit no big dog all you utter waste
of space you need to get rid of calculus
put a cap guns getting big shot
stop hey sorry you know that even
controlling him
yeah wait what time is it
so how many some people were just like
you know what mate here have a goal yeah
pretty much
that's not right nice nice run this is a
nice run oh yeah kick-off butcher what
yo I can't believe he would just gave
you a go like oh oh wow you realize
you're not on camera
yeah well thankfully cuz I was you know
something that's not rubber if you
choose oh boy like I'm excited that ball
that you know I'll be good I'll allow
you to I do something all the pressure
stop that's a joke even I your dad give
him a red give him a red dress
you know you dead does even give me a
card daddy playing naughty is that what
I said but your she had a you know card
right runway deco I really don't know
oh you wanna Rose I am I'm really sorry
I can't believe I'm losing I blame my
left
oh my please do not send me off honestly
I didn't mean that honestly as well
sweaty hands are cold you okay yes okay
listen
yellow right watch the whip watch me
whip now watch me nae nae boom wait when
it put it with it quick please Luis Luis
what I'm scoring the third oh it's been
a close game in fairness it's been a
very close game why is Tom there why
shouldn't why isn't it opening blanks
what's a serious goal baguette hope
looks like a Signature Series oh wait
don't go
it doesn't matter because I've been
going on on this oh I'm a bingo your
pony cockpit shut up
Oh quick one Denis bet that didn't
expect that did you go did you go I know
it was freaking easy no he's on your
team Minnie this is so silent yeah this
is too easy to me why you just took me
out bro don't bro me okay I just want
this corner mullet was down I need
Muller No
because it's a molar corner I really
want to score just because of that
didn't like that power I see pride
I think power I see a brother you know
see put up thank you how are you doing
this right know what I'm going to tuck
it oh oh hello cap no count the cows all
gone yes it's nice of dad wait come on
put one in the chat you want to go one
out put one in each other
how's cap got Tom winning Adam oh shit
oh you are so crap I will sit tightly
juicy knock down your throat until you
are begging oh Jesus Christ
let's stop believin Engel studies missed
l3t ha ha ha
no no no what is one you're actually
brain not acid oh yeah
yes come on come on this is what in all
that I need to change unchanging the
defender straight away
Oh Cal that um mom no must be blind
always boys come on go in Ola attacking
this doesn't work family the reason for
the last Col oh I'm happy about my
upgrades more than anything right I've
had two games where I've scored zero
goals
all we can save it but not knowing okay
yeah like you're gonna fit him
ah Syria is that a long time yeah well
this is a great list of evil it's very
even hit zero either I got a new deal
for you zero minutes he'll go for Dodi
I'm down too late you're dumb way
Coutinho hey at large you need to get
female I sell of your goal mutt light in
the pre-google
