what's going on guys and welcome back to
Royal Rumble a few days ago I did the
introduction to my team so we are
sticking with this division even if
you're a lot of you are gonna hate me
for it and this is the full team a few
things have changed since then because I
have played a couple of games I told you
the first game was against Ethan on his
channel the next game was yes JJ on his
channel now it is the first game on my
channel which is against zurka you don't
want to know the results of the other
two games look away now I'll give you
three seconds three two one all right
boom I have four upgrades which means I
scored four goals how's it going I be
Ethan to one and then I beat JJ to nil
I'm about to play Josh and I want to
upgrade I don't even know who I'm sorry
if I might upgrade my goal people but
maybe Josh I think he's been playing
pretty well against other people as well
let's find out his team will be upsell
how he's done just by the team so Josh
let's go okay Zack I know little bitch
you little bitch
and if I had come in to Rome and he
played bad last game so so you just
thought oh just throw in a good way
wasn't fe2 agrerro just punishing
Cameron Jerome for playing so badly yeah
now you want to get agrerro
alright sure hey go better play well now
shut him down right let's go play slowly
man you're gay you play slow I was
copying you alright a job the fucking
Road podcasts
what I swear you got played I'm go guy
called road yeah he's not a podcast ah
I'm like a phone just like in I call me
idiot
uh I took it back whose idiot out Oh an
idiot yeah oh no no no still be very Oh
No
high voice cookie oh oh no oh oh honey
pot I that's why I upgraded my
goalkeeper hi I'm just playing even
though he was like it's like he can
please bad he getting tackles I see that
I'll describe what's up well I was
almost amazing I've got to laugh you're
Bob Bulls bull why are you looking at
marbles I wasn't looking at them my
speech composite I wrote back to you
that's it you run no I it's a growers oh
I know you're turning in I know
how's that no keep on your side on the
side anyway it's all good so save me
some gold Simon I know I joined the same
deal I gave gee what's that if it's near
nail in the 90s minute we've got a skin
voice college I don't think that's ever
happened it's allowed we're both
agreeing on it I'm not sure I'm not sure
our peers will allow it ajj agreed with
it the other surprise your cheating
scumbag auto photo ID could I go
that counts don't it like no that's not
going to play alright see when in the
back no no no no I won't tell you this
rule what the offside I'm gonna come
look at that play Elian Aussie back post
it was crossing it now what I've done
one crosses right I'm a lot across
you're a scumbag crossing it what is
this right now Garcia hi you've got seal
Batman cross the HD there's a boat
there's a boy form is he's done the same
design he's in balm is involved um no
he's not
what cause he's black there's even black
no no no forget the joke I see it cuz
informs of black to the oil I just
wouldn't even well ah
there is absolutely no way a Gogi like a
golden cotton ball we can save it but
not know you okay yeah like you want to
fit him
ah Syria is that is a long time yeah
well this is a great this summer even
it's very even ichiko's I got a new deal
for you zero minutes nil nil score for
Dodi come down too late you're done wait
continue I add large you need to get
email I sell on your goal mut light in
the pre-dawn doctors go
what happens when you put some doubt
they pass it ha ha ha ha it is kind of
cool of eight ha ha no that isn't a
corner though whoever sends no Neal wait
doesn't any on it ah but we have to pull
on the pit Edd's one Oh Josh because
we're gonna both score and gold you call
me a boy in play you keep making it a
non-stop that's your phone you can run
it on the girl on the line I want it on
the pitch mister on mister on mister lon
still on Mala Mala look Road
oh yeah go back to podcasting no re
please not a microphone he's got my hair
so microphones that have hair are you
faster Charlotte why there why there by
L do
just like Thank You Josh Thank You Josh
there post smack why you always go those
kind of goes against me I guess take
that corner flags you microphone what
the fuck is that for a goal look at this
beautiful one-twos with the potion going
through salute members I think you got
Simon has some fucking kryptonite on my
defense every time I played you shit
like that happen I live this fam shoe ha
ha
oh my defense is getting bear scared I
don't like it I don't know why you feel
pass it around for the first thing
instead I'll seriously my defense you
and your high pressure in it where is he
fuck your high pressure stick out your
ass more blood oh no no ohh
I didn't oh oh for god sake great so the
game has disconnected and there was
still about nine minutes left so we're
gonna play the first 15 minutes because
of injury time as well is one-nil to me
hi so 15 minutes when we see a woman is
already what if Dean minutes is when we
stop Oh No
steady day go or hunters Adler I don't
like him he's sick uh-huh yes I thought
why I thought your scumbag house is
named go I just hit myself in my chain
with his three minutes left
oh great Tulane that's an unprofessional
tiger right there's like that
what were you doing last attack you
expect barrel time with you really would
you before in alright was there he's got
it that's gotta be bullseye with it I'll
sit yeah I'm gonna game there so he got
a look at this yeah that's all the time
yeah it's like that one last shot like a
full type or die favorite boom all right
we caught it we've caught it with food
none we're down down a bit no what no so
good kid like that bro
okay wait time boom oh my god what what
you gonna say now I will I will turn
this car around mister alright are we
there yet
second off we're winning we're drawing
we're drawing Simon we're gonna what
