what's going on guys and welcome back to
that's right it's back I asked you guys
who to buy and I told you I have about
eight nine thousand coins and you guys
disappointed me again top comment
Christian Eriksen and yeah he goes for
roughly n 1012 K so maybe by the end of
the episode I could afford him but the
second most liked comment was to buy
Alan Pardew apparently they all love me
if I do and you guys know that I always
want a bit of zwey lovin so Alan Pardew
welcome to the team so here's the team
that we have you guys told me to get
Erikson as I said I will hopefully get
him at the end of this episode as long
as it all goes well not sure who he's
really gonna replace that if you guys
remember last time sadly lost a game we
got destroyed in the first game and we
want then we destroy in a second game
and we lose so now I have two more games
today I win both I am safe in the
division and four points away from
promotion so division six you're proving
their difficult opponents but can we
conquer it probably not actually I was
saying that so what am I say I have a
good team as well you know what no we
have a good team he is a good team this
to be a good match
ah maybe maybe not maybe it won't be
maybe it won't be such a great game
maybe it won't be such a great game no
wow what a save
I can't believe you actually think that
I can't believe oh I believe up I'm not
losing yet no okay maybe I am
no no no don't blow up let's go come on
am i doing
what the hell am i doing all right all
right all right boom I know I see hey is
oh you want to just run huh you just
want to run now sit the fuck down
take it in your face what the fuck just
happened I was literally just holding
Cleo stop just running down the wing the
Apple roll gone now sit them how does he
keep game no yeah cool found myself oh
far side that is a shocking boy it's
actually awesome what oh no no why
skipper come out there guys I am NOT
playing well right now
not playing well at all the back post
it's not that close that's the freakin
defenders chest hi this is it this is it
this is last chart no it's not than one
haha I don't know how anyone school to
be honest this game has just been
nothing I need at least a goal I can't I
can't lose another game allow me to in a
road I'd be unheard of in this series
although although although although yes
please something I just want to go okay
come on but what is that a foul thank
you I'm I don't know I can't school guys
I mean I try something here I'll try it
on that it's a shocking ball make sure
in know he's read that get that get that
posture all right you know what you know
what pulsing
alright then boom bang know Lorna you're
gonna be my boy what the Frick what how
no yes about this about yeah holy shit
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
blasted that River would have same
frickin Marcial the boy he's the boy
survived this get rid of that scary
there you go
wait wait wait run where's the runs
there you go okay okay play little one
to play a little one two and then wait
turn in George George wait last chance
okay huh
Donny oh my god oh my god oh my god okay
you today no shoot no that was it that
was it those were shots there you go
playthrough I mean I'm happy I didn't
lose but a draw like a draw it's not fun
for anyone is it it's just a boring game
juries I have to win this game to stay
safe in the division and then I'll have
five games to get to wins but I won the
titles last three wins out of five I'm
an idiot I didn't even put part you in
why is Alf ro still my manager cow hi
there we go now we got the manager I
came to an interesting tip this is an
interesting team you know it's not
really it's just a serie a team
but that guy's interesting why is he got
silver oh no he's it a leads get guys I
don't want to win yeah my defense has
become a bit lackluster recently Armour
I don't know why to be honest that left
back I don't know he is wait who's
playing left back for me whose rep
really I'm losing again who's this oh
that was an incredible safe by the way
how was that ball got through what is
now I've lost guys guys guys guys what
if the fuck I honestly don't know what's
just happened why does he just keep
going down that same freakin wing every
time it's just down that side I feel
like you've realized that my
freaking I don't know who the deployer
is but he's not very good ref right play
on go on George you know what you're
George best your judgment there you go
there's the borders the pool boom yeah
love that love pack okay okay
know what I'll take that I don't know if
you're playing or not but I will take
that you best believe me back boys
Oh another jerk gon take touch breath no
no no no how how okay you know what
you know what he doesn't have a goalie
you don't have a goalie he split over go
please that was so much commitments that
diving header yet you didn't do anything
oh my god now here champion now he has a
charter again there's another where is
my defense
oh my Dave oh my gaze how how is he how
how is he how does he go another chance
there how is he freaking blame this
every time you know I might have to go
like defensive or something please
George George he's below the line in it
okay now lalana oh my god ends off
suddeniy go side
John Gotti's on school and there's half
time I'm 3-1 down guys this has been a
horrible horrible day not sure it's
really deserved either okay George best
George best yeah that's what I thought
the choppers up go there we go that's
two that's two i guys getting a bit
cocky no no stop stop all right I'm not
having fun when you're doing this so
just stop come on this is a chance this
is a real real chance boom there it is
well there's a school or shell with a
trick okay George best again George best
again oh my god oh my god oh where this
fall it was a little mercy Ovilus II
know this Niang guy out front is just
bang oh my god I need if I can get that
final goal you know what
bat post by post Bevers my please don't
they don't win headers guys is the
frickin oh my god oh you're so lucky
you're actually so lucky I can't believe
that I can't believe our luck he's
getting it's got so lucky please please
velocity velocity blessing
no just done ah - jaws are - for all as
well for freaking or when I could have
scored that means anything exactly what
I've done to get promoted that means I
need to wins a - Jules I'm not gonna buy
action now because I don't know where
you wanted to go so top comment will be
the one I choose you have about 8,000
9,000 coins still let me know who you
want me to buy a top cover that I choose
and let me know who you want me to
replace that is all for today thank you
guys for watching I'm sorry I could only
draw two games but yeah that's how it
goes sooo that's my tree is gone so we
just played a game I played half of it
I played up yeah Toby just proved but uh
he's worse than me
you're better than him I mean you also
better than him some people showed up
yeah yeah don't Toby goose get out get
out but they're gonna sing
