some guys so that's not Montreux sup
guys and welcome to the week in the life
form I am starting now as minister but
two days ago but basically uh some
things changed so I didn't end up doing
anything for the last day so it would
have been a pretty boring vlog anyways
over the next couple days I've got a
couple things lined up the should be
interesting they could have been a bloke
on their own but I kind of thought was I
don't know maybe put them all together
make one final vlog I'm up early to
watch the Leeds game which you can't
really see there but we're playing
Huddersfield I went to bed around 6:00
because we were just playing calling
recording and stuff yeah
I guess the week of the life of stuff
now half-time quick trip to Costa
hot-chocolate opinion needs to go and we
are three nail up right so I've just got
the packages from the post office and
yeah it was a nice little surprise we've
got three new monitors here I'm gonna do
a setup video very soon basically and
what I want to get everything sorted
before actually happened I don't need to
be like a half hour sell video so I'm
going all out to get myself sorted
because I spend probably 12 to 14 hours
a day at my desk most of the days so I
thought why not actually just go all out
get it perfect you know I've got I've
got a lot of stuff so I've got these
I've got a new chair but not only do I
have these three aces monitors I also
have a fourth aces monitor that is
insane look at this so I'm going to be
using this for gaming from now on I'm
going to have the TV at the end of my
bed instead it looks absolutely insane
o4k 27-inch monitor War II think that
g'd what do we think yeah he likes it
that by the way is something you would
never expect it to be but now I need to
do an ultimate theme for today so I'm
gonna go record that now six and a half
hours later I it is frickin what 215 215
we just finished from GTA we've done
cars we've done death run I'm trying to
get hit because I may be going away soon
in fact I am going away part of this
blog in one of the days so there is
tomorrow's episode although this will be
out like seven days afterwards so it
doesn't really make any sense okay now I
just got to do a couple random gazes and
I can go to bed right 5 a.m. time to
call it day I have done about four days
worth
I'm games than tomorrow's GTH need to
wake up to a FIFA video and then I also
need to go buy something but I don't
know what I also have just ordered
something for another people video
ignore this mess by the way because it
is horrible but as I showed you those
screens I am trying to change it all so
I'm kind of like I'm kind of fed up with
it some wait until I have everything and
then I will clean it and it would be so
freaking awesome but but now it is time
for me to go to bed wake up do a beef
video and then just carry on trying to
get ahead the grind never stops
day two right here's a bit later than I
thought it's about three that's actually
about 4 p.m. my boy had a shower and
everything awake I still need to do that
fever videos so I'm just gonna get
something to eat now and then record box
of a hero that JJ went yesterday and got
ice in the dunk wrap so I have my food
ready I know that's brie not the best
thing to eat right now I'm gonna go play
two player one player FIFA big video
done food that's not it by the way that
was just an extra because someone else
could have all psycho drops they are
very very hot apparently so I actually
got a few things for the next two days
so those of you who have made it at this
point well done and yes things will
actually start happening so home thank
you for carrying on watching time to go
through this video I'm gonna get some
milk dick it's a bastard never
never do Cyclops I'll tell you it is
decided to oh good night guys I'll see
you in the morning
well that didn't exactly go to plan last
night I recorded the video though I go
everything done I have edited it this
morning while I say this morning is now
half for a shower got dressed that's why
I'm dressed right now I am going into
London to meet Toby cow and Ethan we're
gonna go watch the premiere of the new
Renaldo film then I've gotta come back
really quickly make tomorrow's videos
I've already made one of them I need to
make another two because tomorrow me and
Toby head to Sweden or a video that
we're doing this Ted's like this and but
yeah first up we've got the premiere so
we should probably leave in about
feminine
come now those spells oh now that the
now go and what was it homie what's your
name what's your name one sitting out
movie on a now Dobie yeah we're here
left that's Q we're going in in ten
minutes we're going to get it
so be disappointed I struck him on the
red carpet my cologne for the others
other having a romantic date as fact who
knows what I'll get off soon and yeah
the film starts in come on 20 minutes 2
minutes 20 minutes in terms of fight
whip-snap stop bug king by cow
we'll start with these two
Oh
should they buy two even now by now I've
given you as recorded edit a fever video
before and then I have to get to the
airport for a half before in the morning
tomorrow is gonna be knackering but
should be a lot of fun and that's why I
kind of love this because we have this
film premiere over the last Wednesday
this year if I do mr. day you go down a
what well I would be recording if I
actually had internet that some reason
the incidents gone out for the last
three days at twenty past midnight
except tonight they just decided we're
not gonna put it back on so I am
literally saying you have rendered
tomorrow's GTA I need to do a thief's
video still and we have to get a cab in
about four hours I haven't slept either
luckily Toby's gonna have to suffer with
me so it should be fun right so I
completely forgot to vlog because
basically the internet came back on and
I had something like an hour before I
have to go so I've recorded the video
that video was the very best so that'll
be up very late tonight I'm gonna have
to edit out as soon as I come home but
right now the taxis outside I think I've
gotta say including my really really
nerdy back and we're off to Sweden there
you go Toby are you taking okay what I
thought up we fought like year seven
I'll Bank I'm so freaking big I love
working your servants tour he is 5:00
a.m. and we are at Nando
this is biz with a new record I'm
looking over there because Toby's saying
a behind scenes behind the scenes
it's 5:00 a.m. to 5:00 a.m. Toby you're
in France make your France weird sweeter
yeah we've arrived in the airport and we
are now going to warm adult we're now
going to the secret venue which I have
no idea where it is and secret to play
PES with the cars
so let's go
I so I played my gun in this car now and
uh yeah if you want to find out how I
did you can show you our video Toby side
passenger seat he was a terrible
terrible passenger got Toby lots of you
tend to I'm not wearing my seatbelt ooh
that's night where my thoughts agree is
much better
so we've just played a game I played
half of it
oh shut up later yeah Toby just proved
but uh he's worse than me you're better
than him I mean you also better than him
some people showed up yeah yeah don't
Toby goose get out get out but they're
gonna sing a song yeah it's their song
it's a song young-do yeah young about it
done son will you drink driving right we
are headed home now
that time but
good video when I go and pull out and
then wake up early tomorrow so I'm more
than happy to head home now okay yeah
let's do in England hi I'm here with
Toby mani video e-tron's you can check
out their blue eye and they'll be out
already
yeah manis about the shoot but is trash
so what's this I mean go right now this
is easy safe
hi Amy need to save it yeah we're just
uh that's over so we're just doing here
we're just wrapping up for football
we've all done a video momma's about
challenge Toby's was a caller penalties
and Manny's was a lob challenge if that
if you've got no money
you're good attempt number two is a good
effort the ball is kind of hard you know
some thought was these days kind of hard
me my toes right we're done here we're
gonna go Westfield and get some food and
I go go home and edit Gigi a video and
start tomorrow's video yeah Nando's way
sad
karyam really we almost made it through
an entire video without up on by you
know we've spent like the last three
days yet
I know it's emotional and now that for
another few days come on I'm sorry fine
now I'm stuck with the worst one and I
am home but I need to finish my GT as I
said it is going out late because I
didn't finish it last night because I
was necklace then is back to the grinder
and doing videos I don't actually know
what else I've got left of this vlog of
course what Thursday and Friday left and
I don't think I have any plans but may
well be a boy in the video you own until
you watch it I leave you going head into
the video recorded videos edited sound
then just record it more and then I
would have dude and then just blah blah
blah now I have enough episodes of GTA
recorded which I need to edit at some
point but I should have an episode up
every day while I'm away but I am
absolutely naked right now I had like
six hours sleep last night and a bed set
the night before then tomorrow is the
final day of a vlog and I don't think
I'm doing anything I might I thought I
would get cost or something but nothing
at all yeah I'll see you guys in the
morning if I shouldn't remember to vlog
if I can I'm very sorry pee goodnight
I knew I'd forget it's freaking half
7:00 I woke about half for I was
absolutely knackered still from Sweden
so I've just done my PI covering I
finished my GTA for today this is
actually the final day of the vlog so I
don't really have anything else to do
except edit some videos and yeah I'm
gonna go eat now and then I'll probably
have been the rock bread for that videos
now are and I moved on to editing and I
think enough to end the vlog now I'm
just watching the the billboard thing
the survive the billboard I already get
it is it's the tomb raider there's just
a load of people left there's people
like there there there that wherever you
can see them and they literally are just
standing on a billboard
they've been there for almost 10 hours I
don't I don't really get it it's the
tomb raider and I don't know but we're
gonna go play some rocket League now as
well I'm gonna end the vlog there it's
been it's been an interesting week I
mean I don't normally do that
I chose this week because of a sea
headed to Sweden I did the football
video I also went to the Ronaldo
premiere and realistically I could have
probably done like a blog for each day
but I thought now make a longer vlog and
show you just all of it in one so that
you don't have to just watch one thing
you can see all of it and I know it
sounds cheesy but I want to thank you
guys for putting me in a position I can
do stuff like this it's going to see
where Ronaldo premieres like a dream
come true
heading to Sweden and playing PES in a
car is just like that was awesome so
thank you guys for letting me be in a
position to do this kind of stuff I
don't know if you heard that but that
was Jay Jay screaming but I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and thank you
guys for watching if you've made it this
far if you didn't then I know why I'm
bothering talking to you because you're
not here there they just watching and
see you maybe it's this guy let's have a
test let's have a test that's how it
says it's not him is deaf I should have
said to him okay didn't think this
through guys I don't have any free-kick
takers
it's not exactly great is it let's try
what does this do Oh Oh
corner okay s fine sy f VN s fine sv n
gold one nil I don't know I'm gonna say
it so I'm just gonna stick with sv No
