yo what's up your wakey salad gdb tea
and welcome to the FIFA 16
anytime mate yeah when you don't yes its
battling so in fact we did it in people
15 I believe I will bring that back for
FIFA 16 in this town we have Toby now
free see we have son and then Josh I
lost but not least that is my stop where
they get special one yeah well he's lost
anyway to fit so what's going down
alright now in this hat I have nine team
of the week
squads from then on I'm gonna put my
hand inside the Hat
I'm gonna pick a team little weak squad
and then from there then we'll be able
to pick a player from netting within
each squad and after that they have to
build a super squad around it now
hopefully this should seem a bit
familiar for a few of you but for the
rest of you that don't still get what
this Royal Rumble is let me explain so
every person in this tournament will be
playing against each other and every
goal will equate to an upgrade so first
of all you start off with silver and
then you move on to none red and then
raise and then informs and then the
almighty legend and yeah this gentleman
that is the twist and the person who
wins the most games wins the whole
tournament each player will play five
home games on their channel and five
away games on the other
opponents channel so you'll never see
the same that was a tional and why was I
distinct wait wait wait wait why is he
question little as I'm leaving this in
oh he was gonna get away the hateful he
was gonna get away Simon yes time is now
oh oh oh why don't know why watch why is
he licking his lips over look at that
African face he's pulling yeah I signed
up I I think I got Bam's
okay yeah bill the tribal drums beating
OH so let's say that one sleeve is
getting out I'm getting the weak down
take this hold it hold it what am I
going on seven yes a little African lips
evidence wherever you get seven oh I
want to read well that I get the African
lips are ready well I got it blaze
gentlemen first assignment is go I don't
believe
oh whoa
Neymar Neymar Neymar like a Zell Miller
boy named ole mala
ladies and gentlemen that is it thank
you very much for watching the
tournament will be out the Y so get your
fucking pads ready because we are gonna
blow you away willow fucking skills bye
bye guys
yes that is right well rubble is back I
think last time I think I think that I
did I win I actually don't know whatever
this is a new tournament and as you can
see this is my beautiful team which
means there's one player left and it is
the informer if you can't guess who it
is by now I don't know what's wrong with
you of course it is inform Mulla now I
know you're thinking I should have gone
with May 1 out out out now now calm down
calm down come I was gonna go name her
he is sadly rated but I made the
decision that a Bundesliga silver team
is better than a BBVA silver team and I
know you may disagree me but I've seen
people like sway back series I've seen
everyone's ratings or less fine or SVN
and I made the decision and I may have
asked my friend shifty and he also said
this one as well so we are sticking with
this division even if you're a lot of
you are gonna hate me for it and this is
the full team key fall guy for we're
gonna call him guy for in gold I'll see
you look Kim yaha and hey Chris Columbus
it's brilliant
that's the defense if you're wondering
why ok Luke India is fast and freakin
physical tars pretty quick and he's got
pretty good physical and I think he's
got good aggression positioning and
stuff 3 sentiments the two side players
are medium medium work rates and the
sentiment
he's got low attack rate in high defense
races he's gonna be staying back this is
tactical decisions maybe not from myself
but they are tactical then we got lucky
and s finance or FS at that wrong and by
the way this Buller apparently is insane
and though Neymar's good alright but
mullah is apparently all sources so
that's the team we got just bronze bench
so let's just get that done we agree
no.5 and a back no manager I'm gonna
play a game now just to test my team in
preparation for this Sunday when it
starts I think my first game is against
Ethan on his channel then I think my
first game is too
later okay so the first test with a
breeze is Leah boss and he's got a
decent BPL so this would be a good
challenge I didn't want it too easy
didn't want it too odd that's what she
said haha so in case you guys didn't
realize the rule is every goal you get
to upgrade one player but obviously this
game doesn't count this is just me
testing out my team and let's see how it
does like in the football look at this
flaming claiming and play I didn't mean
to do that I'm sorry I'm sorry
don't judge me don't judge me please and
play them in going that's fine that's
why boom okay look why they won't have
that kind of player in goal that would
have got in as if a mullahs taking this
fuck off with a ball in where is he
where's the boy that's not the boy
where's mala come on lucky lucky with
the pace lucky with the base turns him
ah
oh why they're kids sure he's a psycho i
frickin that like this team no I know
that I like this team a lot
I let nah I don't know ways I don't
always long to fly I need to work out
one of them has ridiculous long shots
maybe it's this guy let's have a test
let's have a test that's how it says
it's not him it's def or sender him okay
didn't think this through guys I don't
have any free-kick takers
it's not exactly great is it let's try
what does this do Oh Oh
corner okay s fine sy f VN s fine sv n
gold one nil I don't know I'm gonna say
it so I'm just gonna stick with SV no
that's fine I haven't really had a test
with the defense you know I don't know
if they're any good I now we got a test
I let's just see let's see if I can thus
give me a test man I just told you I
need a test Oh Oh make me more thought
let's say made no sense it's so bad this
guy is really this is like this is this
is only gonna happen if I play ether
everyone else is actually gonna like
have a good choice that's right then
come at me there it is halftime one nil
up I probably should have a couple more
I definitely should have had a few more
this is ridiculous I wanted to test but
I said I would only play one game this
is my game so okay okay I need to test
my gold I made let him have a shot I
don't know maybe I'll just save that for
the excuse like now okay yeah I let him
have that shot get rid of this now yep
get rid cut out early nice nice no
really I got a little test now a little
test going are you going yeah that's
what
okay that get a bit of penalty Oh No get
f of a is greater than T neo but no one
has him that was a hint by the way
someone probably has it somehow this
games actually gonna end up one nil and
I have no moola I don't know how I even
got a shot off there for me
gourmet look at that and it's right
again to nil he's master that's the move
to watch mother to s wife
this is not alright and then lumps your
girl or that is so badly the kids not
Churchill and will look up who it is
before I actually play the first match
and now it's gonna lag isn't it he's
gonna it's gonna quit now isn't it 92nd
freakin minute in to nil up why why is
that been lost
who is it me or you gone oh no it turns
out it was him so I did win to nil with
the scores obviously not gonna count you
know what I actually feel so comfortable
with this I think just before the last
Royal Rumble I played the game like this
and I lost this team actually felt
really really good but if you guys want
to know how I got on you will have to
check out everyone else channels cuz I
will be playing Ethan fast on his
channel to make sure you look at
everyone's channels and yeah
wish me luck mullahs gonna do me proud
he's never leaving the team thank you
guys for watching and soup doing any
more let's list it I don't know what I'm
doing umm this I got even see I'm oh oh
gotta do that is but I'll fucking take
it
mara I'm a pseudo fool why I mean we're
gonna keep him anyway but I can't let
your little worth a lot now I'm coming
in dust around my face freaking out
