yo what's going on guys welcome to
another pack opening for the first time
in ages there isn't a purple guard here
that there is there is one sneaking in
the bottom right corner there's a little
purple card friggin kimura I don't think
he's even worth getting the players I
won are moolah like Ozzy and NEMA maybe
corner playing ker as well on the Left
pit I don't know how you say his name
those are the players I want the most
obviously we're gonna be opening two
packs see if we can get there are ten at
15k packs out so we're starting with
those and you know what the first one is
already underway didn't know I was
coming did ya come on Griezmann give me
a black card no wow is shocking
I just don't get the Hecker Oh was open
Harry came back I've never got anything
good in these please I told I would
never get anything getting a Harry came
back do that pack please give me
something good last on my side well this
time am I good at home color alright
I used to get told I look like him I
haven't heard it in quite a while
Ali Baba Baba available available
available available this isn't in the
worst pies ever screw I'm gonna discard
this mic whoever I get I'm discarding
okay
and it should be done now all right
they should be gone I have no idea who I
got glance my reward without ei so they
reward me now with an ag√ºero woo you
know what a gut set is a good stuff
horrible Oliver a balla balla balla
balla balla balla balla balla balla
balla balla balla balla balla bah
oh my god 15k packs are so bad why am I
even opening them anymore I'm not
getting any I'm literally getting the
absolute Wang penultimate bag scale blur
I'm gonna skip it
screw it makes the
nothing now the final pack movie is
Golden Boy Lee and our Messi and he
gives me an 81 rated no it was 1981
rated 79 we're back onto the seven and a
half K packs and you know what I'm
actually happy because those 15 K packs
were pricking useless although these
ones don't look much better although
bricks like the least he sold us some
more coins
come on a Cairo give me some orchid give
me a freakin a good pralaya
flag web I don't even know what I'm
doing anymore I just I think I've lost
the will to live right now oh whoa just
because I'm wearing a freaking unicorn
mask doesn't mean I'm a bender just
means I'm horny hey get it literally
only Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba
my god packs for hurting my brain
actually hurting my Brian please can I
just get a good play out stop giving
these Swiss players I start with so much
energy and then I just get absolute one
Wars poo and now I don't want to play on
I could get any of the players on the
packs and I'd be so happy if I got like
a set it means in form I can get messy
and alibis good and I want hurricane but
no ei want to keep giving me a kinnor ah
ha ha oh my gosh please can I not have
Sam can I have an in-form please every
time I think that's gonna be a Guerro
why couldn't here picked a different
career oh I honestly thought I was gonna
work ok you can probably tell how bored
I am of opening packs right now I don't
know what I'm even doing anymore let's
list it I don't know what I'm doing um
this I got even see them oh oh god I
knew that is but I'll take it
mara I'm gonna go for why I mean we're
gonna keep him anyway but I can't like
it's all worth a lot now I'm coming in
dust around my face frickin hell and why
did I do that
who you vagina gay laughs ooh Wallace
wait is that a gale was like what's that
it
eylem soda this is gonna be a good one
now I've timed it timed it well back is
that gives me a boom no no Victor what
can I do to get a good player exert
don't what sighing just want another
freakin good player one more this is
already you guys don't understand how
long of an opening packs one I'm kid the
same players over and over again
Bravo but uh okay you know what it's
better they're not good but better I
don't know maybe it's not my day today
these are freaking terrible packs what
can I do to get a good freakin oh wait
it's what sequa ah
whatchamacallit
hybl is the most exciting color you can
get but it's not when it's frickin
Kemara to various properties in a
lighter unique division so maybe maybe
how much to fight the urge to discard
him Simon fight the freaking urge ok
we'll keeping him for now a purple and
an in-form
and yet neither of them are worth
anything this is actually ridiculous
that's actually it for this week I have
opened so many packs and that's all I've
got
and now get matric we have roughly like
all packs left or something
we are gonna call it a day we get hurt
still best player we've actually got we
got a purple and we have an in-form and
yet Herzl is the best player we've got
it actually goes for the most as well
this is ridiculous you know what last
three packs with somehow hurts though is
our most expensive player and now we get
a struct murmur sounds like a type of
pasta I should not believe that I am so
excited that I've got a purple and an
in-form in the same pack opening and yet
neither of them worth anything
Mandi he looks like he's taking some
Mandi all right next time I get a red
player guys we are done so that is all
for today that's not a rare player so
that is all for today thank you guys for
watching
and we're not done so that is all for
today thank you guys for watching and
now we're done yeah we've got dead a on
the last pack thank us watching and see
up I should probably stop like messing
about a little bit and actually just
score a goal like this
oh no okay Bob but Bob and telly is his
gamertag
why are you poor tonight with 12 minutes
in why you pausing it lalana again okay
hi
hola will oh that's in go home that was
a powerful finesse that's quit he's
actually quit off to 15 minutes well
that was one of the easiest wins we're
gonna have on this series okay we need
one more
