yo guys what's going on our welcome to
another the very best I asked you guys
who to get and sadly I'm very
disappointed in you I told you guys you
have roughly eight thousand coins what
do you do you tell me to get Katti neo
who costs freaking 4 EK coins this means
I can't buy anyone this episode the next
comment Lydia like 20 lights like this
was way above the rest we have the team
I don't know who you guys want me data
to get while I do but I can't afford
them so for now we're headed back to
division 6 we've only played one game so
far we won by could win both of these
games I'm pretty much safe in the
division but we're going for that title
we are going into division 5 so we go
straight into Game one let's see how we
can do ok so we're all about our base
about their a brand that messy oh my god
5 at the back as well you're sweaty goo
this game is gonna be frickin horrible
alright let's do this let's stop the
bigger nose prick that's known as Ebro I
call him a prick actually really like
Ibrahimovic and the little mouth that's
called messy I also really like messy
but I prefer when he actually plays back
come on man we gonna stop playing oh now
he's playing I know what this is that
you the game is the easy change it's the
freaking either game I go I'm making him
quit game one's gonna be easy as hell if
he ever plays why does he keep doing
this now oh all right into the trap
going lalana take a touch
oh that wasn't good went through and
what bang
no no Rev Glenn okay cause the back what
table Rick that is not to the player I
said I should probably stop like messing
about a little bit and actually just
score a goal like this Oh No okay Bob
but Bob and telly is this game attack
why are you poor tonight with 12 minutes
in y-you pause in it lalana again okay I
will just Knesset in go home that was a
powerful finesse let's quit he's
actually quit off to 15 minutes that was
one of the easiest wins we're gonna have
on this series okay we need one more win
today and then we're done
I've just realized that you guys have
never told me what managers again anyway
that's for another time Game two we are
playing against the worst team which
probably means he's better he's gotten a
darling goal and some other players that
I can't think of a joke about all right
let's do this let's frickin gold in a
three right but boom what the fuck is
that what the Frick is that George oh
shit
uh oh my god that was the worst possible
mistake I could have ever done in my
life that is literally the worst
offending ever okay guys I'm definitely
too comfortable right now I
that's live in me up that's laven me up
yeah I got confused to see the way my
eyes set up the light and the glare and
time at time difference
turtleman Harlem and the jar - please
stop why you like it like like like go
now go now go now
Oh turnout why is there lag now okay
let's go let's go play me for lemon
please be on please be on please be on
triples up ball that is a shot why did
you shoot from there quick counter quick
counter Oh up Fleming
oh that is just not the ball fake short
George tell your wife George steps this
game up I will win okay we have another
chance Luke Shaw back post oh that was
awful where I thought we looked it look
good and then it suddenly went bad hi
George George - ticket ticket Dutch and
then turn Oh George it was wisely the
new phase a little fella Ringo anybody a
play play Aman touch it up and then turn
in first just saving I I feel like I
should be drawing this game at least I
were whippin it again for another chance
there it is come on I honestly forgot I
had Vlasic all the power the power the
power from cool why didn't you turn it I
need a goal this is 45th minute those
performers
Vaness grader would have stored that
there's halftime see I can't believe I'm
losing this how am i losing this I don't
have my lucky light on there we go now
I'm gonna win big look Georgie okay
deflected to do the flexion right that
have gone in if it wasn't for that guy
and now the kid Oh sick how is he broken
every dang shitting hell shitting hell
shitting hell how how the fuck how how
are how am I losing I just don't know
what I could do eyes putting a player
back on the line your little boo no seen
you through oh my god oh why didn't I
take a dutch mad disappointed with
myself please please I'm running around
like a headless chicken I can't do
anything he's just got so many players
back this is the chance this is the
chance this is the job there's one
there's one get the ball pick the ball
up get the ball up there we go we're
going for a second goal we're winning
this lassy whips a ball in oh yeah
there's a lag and everything what am i
doing no no he's gonna score from there
okay I don't know what to do from here
guys I'm freaking losing to one with ten
minutes left we've got to go tuck in
that way we actually have to do it get
it up
that should have been a go come on
where's my team no I'm just gonna tuck
in and now there's no one there that is
a fantastic boat serious I you know what
I'm just get appalling I'm just getting
a bawling no please I don't deserve to
have lost this game this keeps out how
people was so far away from that that
was mad come on
just run just run just run just run just
run just turn in turn in flaming flaming
go go go go CHUM's up boom Oh Oh what
loss oh what's that
who thought Frank just didn't head it
lad buys another loss it's my second
loss ever and it's because of that
frickin stupid mistake I made Tom Levi
she lost 2-1 the stats just like I
thought I told know how I've lost now
I'm definitely not in the mood for a
player I can't afford you guys need to
let me know a play of it is worth nine
thousand coins or less there's the team
I'm gonna go buy the cantos don't worry
that is the team and let me know one
player okay for less than nine thousand
coins as you get to I am freakin pissed
off but thank you guys for watching and
see you oh we're good for the back oh hi
topa okay water okay now here I hunt one
oh I genuinely gotta play Hey
oh-oh-oh
miss Jennifer
