I am I doing this what's up guys are
welcome to the hottest be forever that's
right I'm not I'm not initially okay I
have the next best thing
psycho drops I had to move out the way
so it could focus on that these are the
Scoville rating of a million okay so you
look up how hot that is every time that
I miss a shot oh he scores I have to put
a drop on my tongue
and I don't sound like much but you're
only meant to add this to food that's a
drop right there
so if I take a shot and it's not a goal
that's a drop if he scores that's the
drop if I lose
that's another drop I've got my milk
ready the team I'm using is the best
team I have let's go for it i soda team
I'm playing is oh it's alright that's
actually something that I would have
hoped for around that team it's not that
good but it's not bad enough that
they'll be handicapped ah I'm actually
so nervous this is mad oh my god I've no
idea what it is it could be a complete
flop I'm hoping that it's not I don't
want to shoot unless it's gonna be a
goal that's another thing all right go
on grunt whoa oh oh my god this is
ridiculous that's two minutes in and I'm
about to have one
oh hey so much was it okay no oh my god
oh oh you know what let's go hahaha holy
shit this is a volume and um no no don't
give it in oh my god guys guys you
understand I know this would be quite
bad
this is next-level oh no no no keep oh I
see mr. Nava shopping for that golden
that was so much worse than I thought
no no your great challenge yes it's good
we're good oh my god alright don't have
a shot no con I usually come right now I
will I will second offer can't shoot
from there okay why did suppose no oh
okay
okay what oh we go through the back oh
hi Bobo good water
okay now in here I had one oh I
genuinely regret this play
Oh No ladies gentlemen I have thrown up
a burger me mister oh my tactic now is
to make him quit this may be the worst
thing I've ever perform al I genuinely
say this is as bad as the chili I've
done obviously it doesn't last as long
but mark you know this is bad
Oh
please right no that's an illusion
guys amazing substitute a long time to
not get anymore are we know I would add
in Delhi get a shot I didn't get a job
where you whistle thank you want to do I
don't know if I can do a horn on behalf
of this this is Paul but I don't know it
absolutely drops oh my god this may be
over after this huh
Oh No oh that milk everyone knows about
gagging because of the chili because I
realized that our line mail
dude I'm destroying you just quit not
going he'll crap 100 set sure
100 seneschal
a few moments later
no more sorry I haven't talked much guys
but I really how much to say I can't
actually do anything I'm too tired it's
only shoot when ice is gone I actually
got lightheaded phone no guys I have to
shoot it's a break in the down position
I miss this
this should be over it's officially over
ah quit
everybody begins he begins Carla goes to
the fucking sink now because I like :
this is worse okay thank you he go
alright oh my god oh my god no is that a
human thing way right that's another red
are you serious oh he ever get cool
oh no when it's a shoot no way I did
feel oh my I'm lightheaded area highs
policy
go you understand how about those done
thank you guys for watching and see you
eventually know what to do you know how
many litter I think I did five think I
did five fucking drops I do not condone
this
no one should do it still oh my god
no storage just so no five that just
looks so much worse from that camera oh
no no no no no no no no no no don't make
runs because I only have one frickin
controller no I have one plate waukesha
cool
