click subscribe before the video starts
we're going to we found one of the boys
are you have to finish this sentence
we're here at London City these bars are
so lifting pea-sized mum has a kitty one
just is one just what do I care what
just cancel another one
your mom misses she does she does that's
how you're a horrible human being you
are serious to beat no dog ain't no cute
there ain't no Lane may need to shut up
and stop this crime told me I blame
Tommy obtain Tommy the loss ap1 packing
you actually a crazy child this is mad
Zen Toby said you wanted to go for a run
the treadmill oh my god there's more
because actually there's more to this
this is the blood squirt I need to
McVitie and he hasn't it does just wanna
see much yeah Oh guys Vic says you can
actually hire the boat we all left that
make sense I say I'm still tell that
room happily yeah I'll take a room with
a bit no ok wait what's this ok see
decent room that's a decent room I still
take that but why am I here oh no no no
as the oldest I'll take you I'm not
gonna lie to you guys I'm not saying I
will but I would sleep on wait who's
just going that high so the way we're
choosing rooms for putting all the
numbers in a half and then we're all
pick is a number in your hat Toby
odds on eating a chicken for you cuz I
manage for chicken no but it's the spicy
chicken leave the chicken fear
are you black shaving yeah and oh my
brother's trailer yeah man I make the
screen lists with Oh JJ is a tool
make you look like a stool Oh cuz you'll
sit down oh yeah yeah
your mama I'm a teacher oh I get a
little huh we're doing the draw all
right you say a name and then pull one
out of the six oh my gosh you fucked it
it I told you we can shuffle give me one
baby give me one give me one please
please give me one it's a six don't give
him one I want to take this moment to
say I hope that Toby gets number one
because you and you you're too small for
it oh it's an interesting before if you
get five no because then we'll have a
sleepover is Nathan gets he got one
no see I wouldn't mind a very good one I
got the other Oh me Ethan a numbers back
in there you know what you got mate no
no no no no just Lee you're not on me
you're not Malay no no don't have a
sleepover boys what is Ashley mad
the place is mad this is the deep end
very good just go here let me do a cool
artsy shot of rain being my in the
splash zone the answer was yes the
answer was yes there was well it's
looking so seductive how much of you Amy
if I jumped and hit that and see who's
that is what oh my god that's sick it
doesn't even show on it we've reached
five that is so sick why are you holding
a pop-up of panda Panda we designer
design is a bit too predictable is e
dizzy
there's a story behind desi it's just a
mask it's neither disappointment in
three two this is where me and Ethan
have ended up sleeping you know what
we're the fun one badboo back i'm it's
not gonna show you much else cuz it's a
secret project but um yeah as you can
tell by me and Josh being here we're
back josh is not a cool dude and my
style
I've literally just left these out
because I don't want to put them away
but we have more PA bought stuff so I'm
gonna be opening this and more chocolate
seriously guys and sweet you guys
seriously what does I say I'm trying to
be healthier well that's the machi and
it turns out these are actually Toby so
yeah they're mine this is for me so
you're only half you know ruining my
diet next one is please open on camera
everyone always says this boom boom oh
one day I'll get it right what's in your
bag there's mini-mental logo hi this is
actually sick no this is some solid
stuff but I'm talking sonic like out
thank you very much dee dee well the
fuck is that why is that sticking out
don't tell me this is from Jamie if this
is from Jamie if this is another freakin
bad job what no it's another bad job to
Simon the other budget didn't seem to
bring you much luck so I thought this
might be more of two silent the other
badges didn't seem too silent the other
badges didn't seem to bring you much
luck so I thought this might create me
imbue me you too Simon the other budget
didn't seem to bring you much luck so I
thought this might be of more use you
now have enough for a set also glad to
see you like logic listen to Smith Fitz
they're amazing my Twitter is in your
notes Simon Jamie Barnett oh one look
there we are
the Badger I don't know why I'm smiling
you know what fuck your badge ah yeah
you know what they'll actually
mien and I just want to say thank you
Jamie it's actually a nice badger anyway
on to the next one
really again okay open on camera what am
i fight there's wait that's not badgers
well no it's a panda ah lose like it's
in a music video leave a light oh I make
sense we get on my date a Harley Quinn
poster hello I decided to give you a
Harley Quinn poster as I bought it and
lost interest so I decided to give it to
you as much as I appreciate the gesture
I mean you lost interest basically I'm a
big open on camera if you want but don't
say my name the strongbox yellow seems
pretty strong why is he giving me this
is the padlock on this is one of those
puzzle boxes no wait it's not what oh my
got that terrified me hey see yeah i'ma
try this at JJ this is one of those
puzzle boxes hockey men's no this is no
this isn't pokemon okay there's also a
Where's Waldo but to show you guys how
good I am at this okay I'm gonna open to
a random page and I'm gonna find him
quick ready and boom this page he is
there got him that genuinely that's
actually incredible that's the best I've
ever done it you can see in there that
was that was Matt and the final one I
don't question how I opened boxes here
okay cuz this one was tough but we get
Oh
Jolly Rancher juice Jolly Ranchers
t-shirt with your ticket to the Charmin
match that's it and another Jolly
Rancher juice well I guess that's all
for Pio what stuff today I guess they
never figured out what genius strengths
actually were then for you Joe
okay a fan gave me this and told me to
give it to you I think I shit my stuff
when I do that
a fan gave me this and Tommy Zod so
that's not your Saturday just the tiny
joke it's not like it's not actually
it's mine it's mine it's just fall out
no so this has gone very differently to
how I imagined it it has five minutes a
cock well
