what's up guys and welcome to something
that I don't know if anyone else has
done if they have done it I haven't seen
it this is a two player one player FIFA
that makes no sense to you right now it
will so I'm gonna be playing one game
online and I'm going to have these two
camera angles so I'm using this one as
well and I am going to be playing on my
own but with two controllers so it's
basically me playing as two players
hence to play one player fever I'm using
the best possible team I have which is
this BP LT mixed with a few legends
because I need every bit of help I can
get so I'm going to be playing with my
controllers there pretty much and then I
have to like keep picking each wound up
like this and keep playing I don't know
how this is gonna go the team we are
facing is it actually this is this is
quite lucky that when you got this team
to face if I had a better team to face
I'd be very worried although it is all
about the player he can't deal with me
playing as two players then he's
probably not very good hi Simon you
ready yeah I'm ready
let's do this I feel like it's gonna be
defending this the hard thing to do
oh yes go all right what's run huh okay
what's what some more runs what's the
Mort no no okay this is this is more
difficult than I thought
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh oh good tackle no no no
no pen no pen no no no no no no no okay
that's fine this is why I needed the
legends in my team and then clam in and
then cool storage brave that's a foul
brett-brett
come on I'm basically just playing with
one controller until I have to okay I've
actually decided that this is frickin
impossible I'm trying I'm trying I'm
trying my best here but this is freaking
impossible right now we're starting to
get a little bit of play look at silly
oh no no pots in okay look all right
pasa no that's all I wanted a store with
it monster Sue's middle okay then turn
out right come on give me some I need a
free kick a free-kick doesn't matter
that it's only one player hi all right
we have a chance if we have a child you
have jobs you know what foot on no
little oh poor that was the weakest I
can't freaking use my thumb's that
quickly oh this is great I graduate and
then now all the guards
it's a challenge oh my god there's no
telling if I score this
I'm a frickin mean so it stays
absolutely Oh Boober oh no dude you look
footage um um oh my god oh my god oh my
god
no sorry just so no 5 that just looks so
much worse from that camera oh no no no
no no no no no no not make runs because
I only have one frickin controller no
and you have one plate wrong control Oh
No add more shots I've actually had more
shots
somehow whip it in there and then run in
hunt oh I was I'm far away two down and
then cross it but bring it this wears a
blue you know what we're going for it
again mate we're going for it again but
this time it's better oh sorry no no no
no we're out which one right no fucking
Joel oh no no no no no no great that go
it keeps oh my god I forgot which
controller is beach house in takes that
oh how is he growls this season for sign
okay that's not very very lucky thing
going William no no holy took song in
look great book
great book alright and then pulls in and
then well then boy follow me
dammit my thumbs oh no no no no no no no
no no no get rid do it but then alright
who go
wait okay and then where's the run
where's the run
Oh didn't see that coming and then lay
off and then turn back right oh no
sweetie
oh no I've lost that that's the go
Ravi's off
he's upside through Oh defending is
impossible like this
nope I've actually changed over the
controllers while playing he's actually
passing around the back are you mad you
know what get crusting and then no
rocket roll up know it why does it go no
no wait ref ref ref ref okay you know
what played then free kick or something
that's a pen is a bit it's a pen
it's a pressure pen ah laughs ah that
was Simon number two as well right I
don't know what to do him just lets spam
post controllers don't don't pass there
actually crossing
oh my god no
you're serious I just lost to that piece
of shit that's it that's actually it
across I've lost in the 90th minute
three two
I had to play some prick that loves
passing around at the back he's so shit
as well literally we got exactly the
same stat and I'm using two controllers
but I still us the challenge failed if
you want anyone to try this as well let
them know by tweeting them and then it
maybe once they've done their episode I
can play them and they can we can both
do it that's all for today I'm actually
I'm actually so pissed off that I lost
that right but now it's done in Vegas
watching Thank You Simon for playing and
see ya door 2
George George bus
my lesson better than yours day yeah
that's how we do George up and down and
then play over well with it Wow how is
he possibly safer that was a ridiculous
safe that's fucked up is fuck
