what's up guys I'm welcome to the very
best that's right we are back for
another couple of games ask you guys who
I should buy the top comment was this so
yeah basically Heskey I confirm more but
it was another comment that argued with
it which is this and they got the same
man like so basically I'm just gonna
stick with this one so Mickey D depay
been off Alba lassie Ben Arfa
not in the friend of shit McGee D right
mid I've got George best on the right
the pie is about thirty thousand coins I
said I have about six thousand which
means a blasty you are chosen and we got
him yeah means I have about three
thousand coins left but I was really
enjoying Gradle but we are gonna have to
change him now for belazi the reason you
wanted him is because he has five star
skills so I'm not complaining unless I
lose then it is completely whoever's
that person's fault was whoever wrote it
we're starting to get a nice little
squad you know I've got three players
here that I can swap in at any time
don't have any spare defenders I know I
have him but he doesn't fit in anywhere
I need another defender or a goalkeeper
or we start a second team up to you guys
let me know in the comments what you
want to do for now we're going back into
division seven we need two points out of
our last four games to get the title
should be easy let's see what we're
facing today we are boys by legend
okay he's matching me now first time I
think I'm playing someone who's matching
me I didn't put up in this column oh
shit here we go then I guess I'll play
my polemic over there with that with
that quite way whose's its Blasi but oh
oh oh max cradle with a school they're
just saying no no no no no no no no no
no Silas go please
Sal has got my but he's got my Paisley
card shoot no stop this stop this he's
doing very no don't
oh why is that oh oh no no oh how is it
okay
but no there's a bad touch George -
George George bus
my lesson bed in your day yeah that's
how we do George up and down and then
play oh wow how is he possibly safer
that was a ridiculous save that's fucked
up is fucked up and then take a touch
ruff-ruff
Oh in the far side there it is there it
is
bullet I'll probably cut out the Edit
that's a great play great but pull out
and then BOOM oh this is good that's not
good but last Oh for is it was the run
was the one jumped up the bus holy cow
this team is playing well watch plays a
man big dodge Bango three nail done
George set that up wait his name is too
easy and he's losing that's not allowed
boom that's it half time three nail art
easy game I mean he's had quite a few
shots but it doesn't matter does it
three nil up come on velocity come on
mate let's actually do something now
rest ref you okay carry on oh oh oh oh
what what oh they go Neela Lana could
add an easier go if I tried like
although that touch was Matt oh let's
stop let's stop I know you're a legend
but come on I mean God you know seen him
I belong on his debut
oh I'm so close to going back to max
great oh you know why is he having so
many shots now he's just boosting his
stats okay now he's gonna score 100 yo
I'm destroying goal this game buzzer
down there took a touch and then lamb
offer boom alright maybe here's
goalkeepers having a storm at no wait I
went it for now how can his goal keep
out of a storm another great wait shut
it down that's not me and it shuts down
fuckin shut are you serious
on the edge on the edge back up oh oh oh
right there okay ah there's two of them
in there from back of rubber no penny
wait there's no penny we know but they
go this is an easy game you know easy
money easy life oh um um about it about
it about it easy life you know well I
think it's safe to say that um my legend
won this one but lastik Ethan I tried
taking it inwards didn't really work
he's right there no clues I could have
got another one that's it though we want
for now let's just be happy with that
sighs that's a sigh oh yeah this is
quite close I guess I mean here he did
have a few more shots for me but why
does it matter
there it is an extra five thousand coins
which means we have probably what like
eight thousand coins now and we're in
Division six we need to start with a win
so we're going straight into another
game everyone was tired as well let's
put a fitness item on them they were all
knackered but we'll stay with the same
team because we won so comfortably we
can't change anything now and the team
we are playing is a very very good this
is a gonna be fun right let's do this
guy's - come on let's be
early pressure lalana boost
unmanned pasta pasta pasta and then good
Rabideau Kuchiki oh no oh no no no no no
stay down storage stay down okay go on
play breath come on that's it thank you
this guy's dirty let's go let's go look
look long boom Oh George bus bags there
cross there's one goal and you know it
so you notice ago when it's George Marsh
I'll trust you out okay there's nothing
on there's nothing on all right you know
what my shells made some space for this
is it open go bang - Neal done I'm
getting lucky today I will happily admit
that stop stop this stop this stop this
I just hit that that was me run code is
not the most Pacey person but it will do
it'll do it'll do because he's got power
I see pride I see poor I see a badass
mother that go pass to whoever that was
and score a goal so long farewell I just
need you for a tree mail 12 seconds
later just worrying me now connections
been lost why the menus taking so long
why is this happening why were you
taking so long menus wait wait oh wait
wait we may have some have some security
here the fact I've got to this screen
makes me think that I've done it I think
I've won jaws we got the win three nail
with 30 minutes that's two games done
guys I know I know this is a short
episode perhaps I don't know until I
idiot but I say I always play two games
I played two games and we've just got
our 20th win two losses one of them was
a disconnect so we have about eight to
nine thousand coins you guys need to let
me know who to buy that is the team you
can see it all there so thank you guys
for watching sorry if this was a show
episode but yeah we play two games an
episode let's watch in suit go all your
small items bring eyes on my ball Oh
unit g-unit come on hold it oh and now
I'm PP oh I'm getting from getting from
pain with a fire emoji come on German
break your legs
Oh
Simon spies defenders well yeah okay
fibers
the Pentagon someplace
