what's up guys and welcome back to pro
clubs we have everyone here today except
Manny without money here today Ethan's
back we love you tinker we do we love
you Zika we do yeah come on TV volume
our next duty okay so we're gonna go
straight into it and draw the teams have
already knows already remember what we
agreed time is a skill that strike so
right back
it's gonna be and it's a given another
centre-back gonna be circa shit OB per
second other center back is say that
baby no you want that appetite so
exactly it's spud
I'm going out I'm going baby lucre where
that bazinga
wait oh all this I left back is nothing
sorry nap
notice it's me okay
CDM is swayback possible is a good point
already right mitt is miss me Hey
yes I know I left mid is get it up yes I
know it yeah come on don't take
position calm is I was gonna be
embedding you've been probably belong as
me hey which means weights of friendship
can score to save his life right like it
is almost like it is bunch it oh no it's
going it's over start over dream alright
that is the team for today I don't need
to be saying it sends back isn't good
last meal actually lots way as juliennes
I feel like it's way to become a Senate
back with me and Ethan's not going to be
there it's not plating at all oh I'm
gonna be in my McDonald's now we're
gonna we're gonna be a solid trio right
there net we're gonna be like Robin
everybody all right we got this
we're gonna carry man I don't think
he'll is your baby we're gonna be
injured on the sidelines yeah yeah we're
like a shitty Sunday League team ever
pregame ritual oh oh guys just to remind
you whoever is man of the match will get
immunity from the bug you also get to
choose another person like that yo is
this against like that they go fine you
should set up your not show per second
brought it I wasn't looking at the same
I didn't know that he's all for Nepal
already cool team oh yeah oh wow Jesse
nice what the hell you knows me Oh
cheeky Nando's oh there you go wait let
it fly
oh it's all sorry I can't have nice
things but it's off target goes boom oh
that's a grateful yeah
oh oh oh oh killer I never met yes there
are are you seeing you're just greedy
with it she's been so solid so far that
we could bring that lay on to the other
side the pitch are we good
if I had actually mathy that was dirty
yeah I'm just gonna sit here just off oh
gotta get yeah oh oh oh
that's you know ship has got about seven
big shots this game already
9:07 I steal nice steel head yeah we go
if you are really go right then oh I
even like me right now McDonnell cook on
his shit oh why the bottom so I don't
big defender of the big defender net
that's the poor ones be oh shit oh yeah
feel like there's a bathroom can Ryder
get it yeah Josh you switch in the
flashes oh that's just sexy I'm just
gonna say I think I think jerk is one
who set that play up lion dies are very
very hot
finish finish
I win yeah hi Josh starting off from
here at zero no I was a great tackle hey
where am I going
haribol hey Josh Josh you can redeem
yourself where do I die to a destitute
fix your face Josh a snow dome I dive in
top left all right this is to redeem
yourself alright anyways we'll wipe off
your record if I say enjoy all on the
run if you catch this oh I threw out
that counts
what up haha and I cleared it as well
come on go go oh
go on Oh No Oh God he'll leave you
didn't feed me I was so old you know
white bar guys okay topes Hollis Doyle
in attack cool nice so good at a
challenge I'm fucking phenomenal and
that's not sighs oh I wish I played say
no was the broad back you should even I
am nowhere unit long against you all
right thank you
it's a defense come and go venereal
defense who don't get defensive
fuck you know oh god you smell nice and
bring eyeball eyeball oh oh
unit g-unit come on hold it hold down
POC pop I'm getting from you get in for
a paint with a fire emoji come on Jeremy
break your legs
oh my response event as well yeah place
I was the best thing on some place who
gave possession away there they can't
score a big nap did you found your net
just a bit cities are yummy games here
man oh oh it's alright last we good okay
oh hi what's up I got a really strong
legacy is just you keep going oh
nevermind my Texas a buddy's right back
Oh selfish little punk that yes the boy
Toby could hose like a wide-open son of
a lot of things can be put in come on a
bit irritate me come on let it fly it's
it is thanks Gibbs no I'm running I got
he's not all in it off no it's really
yeah yeah different games we play such a
great game I got dibs it's over
I get brought down Maria Gibbs was
receiving a lot of abuse yeah he is a is
receiving a lot of abuse but Ali still
could be saved by whoever gets him out
of the batch thanks but at least I say
guys come on I'm JJ no we lost it and I
as many buddies just uh come on please
this is Riley Letty's I didn't edit your
player you played a striker as a semi
back please
let's decide fuck off they died it Simon
is facing should redo the first game oh
my god
alright so Tobias has been voted by the
match which means after the next game
Toby you can save someone else as well
or silver well you should get the retard
how are you special I shouldn't be owe
you a seven minute rate how it is super
gone I don't know how many installs in
74 I don't know what like I don't know
you faked that bad we got to do this man
we got to prove that we're now for
elimination bro let's go yeah let's go I
don't got this no you're heading off the
pitch Gibbs where'd you go
I'm playing the frame he was on my Beach
I'm here the right
yeah yeah are you serious right now I
was just cheated in it gives up you
chill it off the pitch alone you're
fucking me off when you're standing off
the pitch they should Josh it was a bun
to any of us is this gifts yeah I do a
stop sign inside you Peter
so those bill boss be like fuck Simon
they work better as a shy he does look
that's a good block Simon hospital
bathroom design for kids I believe in
you made me get on my side no but
they're gonna cross it to your side
gives up a later you oh no are you okay
listen I ain't some center box
substantive action look at games get
beat at the end hear voices occupied
summer look at games get will say again
oh we played it back you play back oh oh
oh
people like it I just don't know about
it
we do this beauty case what I said today
is there slide it out is that they even
chasing you Josh oh my god this is a
bull's back there
what's behave this way such a good said
Rebecca Lee right in the back but better
oh no I'm working on if you get some
part in down you have time talking boy
all right go on chip you're not sure
what check what halftime time see
there's a heart on talk you need
something boy is that something oh hi
guys listen I don't worry about you now
- yeah step your fucking game up Gibson
we're fine hey Alec boom look at y'all
feeling so down up down I'm kicking it
off now do it do it now as a clearance
at all just do it out I'll do it I'll do
it I'm gonna redeem myself you're gonna
see Dave boys consider it a weight right
back now it's not as Sony's don't get to
play back oh my god kid oh ok Ethan
Ethan Redemption yes what does uh-huh
but ah it's all right
oh ok you got the assignment oh listen
I'm off it up the book before I could do
it again
ha ha ha could go through ages is there
gonna be two weeks to the road I feel
like it wasn't keep this part but I give
just a blame on that ball
oh you'll skip I guess I love only that
was me not be saved right I'm going to
say emerging talent injuries yeah so
Toby's having anything on our trip fraud
yeah come on back your dreams oh this is
nice nice go hold on three get back who
did that gone oh I shall shine
we're gonna win this two units on the
way back
oh yeah a thousand yes boys did you see
my fancy did you see my defense I'm a
great team we are all right guys you got
one last chance
go ahead oh wait they go oh I can't hear
anyone I got hit I lost you little shit
yo got this you got yeah I'm gonna agree
with Ethan here
guys I just have to disconnect it from
Tennessee a Division one these guys are
actually a very solid team however it's
okay boys oh yes come on boys now it's
time for the buyers to choose who is
safe it's over chopped off full copper
right I'm simply going on
you scored the second goal or thank you
yeah pisode I'm gonna have to say for
sure yeah okay so you're us I'm Josh
punch it I'm like a cult in my free time
as a poet hate well whatever you want
I feel I can go ahead and grow and be
the clothes for you yeah that's what I
mean the respondent can't we can't we
just skip this week and say that we all
stay pursue these morals I spread rumors
game would give it right back
hey I've made good for us gang but no no
led a fucking no ha ha ha Ali you look
at first of all you were standing off
the pitch seven guys in a car listening
to Titanic
what could go wrong okay so the votes
are in Tobias and burn chip obviously
you guys are safe Wow Wow aye-aye-aye
liver console from you watch that the
poke PES you are safe yeah
nitro Anacin Gib
okay you are not safe
ah oh Zeca hello
you are sick oh hey nine skills are safe
boys yes you are you look at this you
say he well not so I don't
rival Rick BOTS
hey hide boat so there is also one other
person up for eviction then it's between
bazinga
it's way back oh wait wait just now I
love you bro oh there will be three
people up prediction vote down below and
the third person is lovelyz wait yeah
the boss is way back oh dude it Judah
suppose Aniston give a nine skills and
sway back in the vote you guys can vote
for them below Thank You daughter hey
you guys watch is here and Sue and I
Brad know at least watch twice like a
stole and a Brian know at least while
swine stagger sold yes the nailed it
yeah he's gone now we whiz through pipes
at lightning speed and get no one we're
gonna keep going quickly we will get
someone good
okay Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
available available right quick packs
aren't working with slowing down again
we're just letting it roll we're letting
it roll out see you again
