yeah what's going on team in a week yet
another purple not just one two Purple's
players I want a danovich Khushi only
cutie neo rice and ei have given us an
ultimate lone player award fag why but
is a player rated eighty-five to 90 so
I'm gonna wait till that is the last
pack open because that means I at least
end on the hive there are 10 25k packs
out as well so we're just gonna start
with these here we go first
25k pack agüero in the front we're
gonna get an informed today I can feel
it we're gonna get a nice little company
that is actually ridiculous thought what
the fuck it's actually going well he
goes for 45 45 K well that was kind of
shocking we've already got a company
second pack Leonel Messi on the front I
don't feel like we're gonna get to good
pace in a row we get hey ah we go 80 is
oh and it bothers back in a sec you
fucker today we get informal a bottle
how much does he go for please let a lot
of leaves okay it's still gonna is 20 25
25 those are out roughly 25k but that's
an inform and company in two packs the
rest of you fuck off
no way am I gonna get three in a row
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba whoa looks like our
luck ran out I was gonna say a car yes
sorry in a road is just ridiculous but
we do carry on and we get another bad
player Ruiz at 69 he looks like a game
face like it looks like someone has done
a really depressing game fit these got
two different shades to it now I kind of
feel like it's going downhill we got
company and then an inform and now we
get
another a Bora 81 Raiders oh love well
I've been waiting to do that for a while
egg perfect link perfect link tap gun
Tom just add an orgasm come on agüero
give me another good player we've had
too good page we've had a few bad packs
not that's not a good player
there's 281 raters you'd think that the
rare one would show up Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba we get goola goola
fugu please big nose i three packs let's
of these 25k packs but unjustly please
oh oh ah ah thought it was gonna be
frickin Marcelo I'm not gonna say it
this time I'm not saying your name I'm
not saying your name and we go eh
I wanted an in-form apparently I'm close
I mean I could be closer
I want our final pack it's a nose pack
here we go come on up I hit my nose got
hard there please Griezmann last pack we
need for one else good bye sick that's
sick 86 raid I've already gone before
but that is sick no idea how much he
actually goes for I don't think it's
it's guy went from 48 to 25 pretty
quickly now we move back to the normal
packs and just hope that we could get
another inform at some point we don't
get one now we get the thumb we get
another game face cuz it's something
about that face ain't right
I think pi clocks gone
hurry Connie tani give me a good players
he went up there Connie no he can't
I told you he would never give me a good
player well I say that he's a sick
player but you know I mean Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Mena's 81 rated I don't know why even
open them I don't know why I even bother
opening Harry canny packs cuz he can't
he can't give me 100 Becky buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh greasy man crazy man
please please just slip in and give me
one no don't slip in that the man who's
this ooh
Perez ah sound like a frickin yak going
now ah come on give me a good player
alright good player here we go it's
gonna be 86 rated at least 86 rated
player boom told you it's trash or at
Tito e-ticket it's on a brand note at
least my shrines like a Stoller and I
Brian know at least my schweinsteiger
stoled what the hell was wrong with me
and a Brad know at least why shrines
like a stole and a brand early spiced
wine Steiger sold yes the nailed it yeah
he's gone now we whiz through packs at
lightning speed and get no one we're
gonna keep going quickly we will get
someone good okay Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba lolo
available ooh all right quick pact on
working with slowing down again which is
letting it roll we're letting it roll
out see you again
Montclair oh please yeah because well
please that year as well
oh oh oh 84 rated 20,000 coins
I mean he's a good player and he's a
need for raid so we have got some good
players today but that's it to 300
that's a sign if ever I've seen one
ragged ditch yeah these eyes they even
goodies 84 raid I got more excited than
that and then freaking all the other
players I've got he's not even that good
oh my god 12 K 1213 K 1313 cake I think
I was more happy the fad I's he guessed
it was humans that have been that other
troll one I'm a snake he found it funny
where's the point of these packs don't
get it oh I can't wait to get something
good woo X no ray oh oh oh
de Bruyne yo yo yo roughly a hundred
twenty K the best Blair I've got the day
is forgiving him and he gave me a to
player back I have actually got some
good players today friggin a couple
water like 184 company I got de Bruyne
I've got the in-form I think one more
good players when I end it that is
that's that's a decent amount of good
players that there have opened a lot of
point Ramos doesn't count my mama mama
mama mom like the ground shake dude oh
my days Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba oh you know it's not good
when you see that nation I'm not being
racist or anything but I don't know any
good players though from Angola and they
lower it to 84 now guys it was 85 rate I
needed but now I may have to but it's AZ
fool oh I needed that you for rated I
mean I always had that lone player at
the end which is 85 plus so I'm
guaranteed one but I wouldn't mind one
more before the Hammar
please one blade of it just one full
full ah master sector eight three one
off I've got about four packs left
please give me some wanted these
eighty-four rated whoa oh yes yeah yo
against way for invite their form and
Gullu think I've literally just pulled a
groin muscle doing that I don't know how
he is sick though how much do it must be
a lot okay for an in-form really you
know I know he's not a for rated but we
will take him and we will say that is
the end because I got an informer to
informs that's company that's the brain
and we also have the lone player reward
back which is eighty five rated at least
so you know what we are done had to make
sure I land on the bags gonna break
controller because that's not like me we
get the fàbregas but anyway that's an
eighty-seven rated player as well that's
all for today thank you guys watch it if
you want me to do anything for the next
packet opening will let me know in the
comments down below be sure to leave a
like thank you for watching and see you
tasty one
on a scale of one to ten how real is
Iman bah
I can't think of the question I will
make free yeah I'm gonna piss myself the
whole
