yah what's going on guys are walking to
a snapchat Q&A I tweeted out asking for
you guys to sending questions on my
snapchat if you don't know what my
snapchat is it's minim it's a 7/7 my
twitter you guys sent in quite a few so
I'm gonna go through them now and answer
a few of the questions and just see how
weird you guys are
how would you lift an elephant with one
there's no punch line but that was it I
wanna know the end of the joke oh it's a
riddle okay you can't you'd never find
an elephant with one hand but this is
great banter well you can save one of
the segment's from a zombie apocalypse
who would be right
why why why I think I would save Toby
firstly because I feel like we wouldn't
get into any arguments afterwards
secondly I know he's not going to try
and touch me like a thumb would and
thirdly if we go into another situation
where one of us is gonna die it'd
probably be him hey Simon who's your
favorite Ninja Turtles I actually used
to watch quite a lot of teenage me ninja
tails it was always Raphael he was the
one that wore the red mask and had like
the two little sword things I don't know
what I call - yeah Raphael I just wanted
to be in the YouTube video well you made
it somehow my question for you Simon is
are there any exciting videos that we
can look forward to going up in your
channel soon yeah this this one I mean
if you don't count this one that I don't
know what you get account but actually
I'm gonna start doing a week in the life
like Toby did and I've done shorter ones
I'm gonna start out tomorrow cuz I've
got a few things lined up over the next
few days and next week as well I'm also
doing something in another country in a
few days time which should be pretty
good I don't know a couple other
football videos I have planned in
December so pretty much over the next I
know the next month should be pretty
interesting hi Simon what would your job
be it was a weather you guys didn't know
basically I did go to uni and I actually
dropped out so just wasn't enjoying it
but I was aiming to be a policeman I
don't know how that would have worked
because no one would have listened to me
if you want to know what I would have
looked like as a policeman here's a
little clip from an old video dollars in
wearing the worst police out forever
come on Simon suck stick what she
definitely doesn't actually know who I'm
like who she's talking to she definitely
just been told to say that getting pawed
by mums now this is just getting
ridiculous what's the best thing about
living in a Seidman house and what's the
worst thing that's actually a good
question I think I may have answered it
before but an r3 again the best thing
about living in the Seidman house is the
fact that I live with three of my best
friends that do the same thing as me we
all get along and we're on the same
wavelength so if I decided to do
something like I have to record they
understand that now the worst thing I
live about JJ and he has the most
irregular sleeping pattern ever he will
fall asleep during a recording session
and then wake up at 4:00 a.m. and start
rapping so the worst thing about living
here is basically hearing changes
rapping at like 4:00 a.m. but I'm not
hearing it normally but when I'm trying
to sleep
that shit doesn't help is Iman real like
really real ah I was wondering how long
is nice table as what I have on this
would take no it's not is Iman real no
okay it's not do you ship Iman is a more
real oh my god just for I saw him in
your awesome
hi what did you want to be when you were
a child what was your dream job have an
amazing day ah he was so polite Bosley
have an amazing day as well secondly as
I said I did want to be a policeman but
that was when I was a bit older when I
was younger I wanted to be a footballer
my whole life I also went to his
favorite wanted to be an architect I
don't know why because I can't draw or
work out things so I don't know where
that came from but yeah I want to speed
up there why don't you have a car but
but but I do I have I have my mini
although it is broken now JJ left it
outside for a week in the pouring rain
so now it's broken
hey steam on
on a scale of one to ten how real is
Iman bah I can't think of the question
I've been making free yeah I'm gonna
piss myself the whole the whole point of
this was to ask questions and now you're
gonna piss use that go to the toilet oh
my god really obviously that wasn't her
unless she can piss standing up the only
question there is why are you sending me
this and that's me asking you what is
Jamie egg sidemen member ah we actually
have another question yes he is he is
one of the originators he has recorded
GTA videos with us in the past and may
do in the future again
so yeah Jamie is a member of the side
man
you know those ones where you just don't
have words how do I reply to that
there's no question are you big you
decide this is my skin this is black are
they the same if you walked in on JJ one
Kim what is the porn that he would most
likely be wanking to oh god what a
horrible thought I don't imagine JJ
watching porn suppose they imagine him
watching something like Dragon Ball Z
and just being there like oh go could
wait I don't imagine him that came out
wrong I think it's something like Dragon
Ball Z anime or something I don't know
he's hairy what a book is Harry oh my
god he's not playing GE T what's your
favorite size dick well my favorite
thing is obviously mine's if you want to
know the size just ask your mom hey hey
do you fancy a beer right now yeah I
suppose I do
it's your preferred choice of style
personally I like swanky shades R this I
mean those are pretty cool haven't got
these ones and uh I guess these are
pretty uh good day good day to you sir I
think that's a good note to end the
video on so that is all for the snapchat
Q&A today if you liked it be sure to
leave a like let me know if you want to
see more in the future thank you guys
for watching and see you didn't see that
coming
and then that's a good boy that's a good
ball but can I win ahead it okay okay
okay hand oh no hand always a lot don't
know why that makes it'll add what am I
saying
eyes making a subbies making uh subzi
bring it on he just bought on Falcao all
right that's fair enough in it why is he
not playing fuck out from the beginning
literally got like what five minutes
remaining or something five minutes okay
no just
