what's up guys are welcome to another
discard wages this stuff I am playing
against zurka and if you don't know how
we decide the teams it is done through
tops kick the app you don't know what
that is is basically like a sticker book
meets fantasy football we open packs you
get players you put them in a team they
get points based on real time events
we're opening three of these packs and
they have five players in each so we are
getting a total of 15 players those are
the 15 players that we have to use if
you lose you have to discard your entire
team I haven't played Josh in a while so
I don't know how good he is so here we
go first pack and it's this one here the
ppl in the box is opening I need a
goalkeeper if I didn't get goalkeeper I
just don't have a goalkeeper please
please all right Harry cane I use this
yeah but Kuna we get grandeur Rondon and
that is one of the worst packs of a
scene I mean it's two midfielders the
defender and two strikers so it's a good
mix none of them are good I guess we
move on to the second one here we go by
getting the pack
another striker oh wait he's fired oh he
is five got star there hi and then
Henderson and Phil parsley oh yes a
goalkeeper although that is quite a few
video disease a defender we got another
midfielder and a striker all right now
we do the final pack and I have a lot of
positions but I don't have many
defenders so please give me a couple
defenders I'm not a girl look at we get
the same goalkeeper that's not helpful
that's really not helpful
Michel Brighton oh you know I mean Wayne
Rooney's good Lombok guys I'm a little
bit screwed here I have a choice of
goalkeeper and I'm pretty sad I have two
defenders you know what here's the team
and I lied the team ISM that now it is
now the team is here we are playing a
sense amid in centre back we are playing
a right back instead about with Lana
left middle left fat and were playing of
striker and left mid now I don't
actually have any other options I have
these three players two more strikers
and a sentiment so I've decided how he
came for now purely for chemistry sake
and I know where you're thinking why
don't I play three at the back and play
more strikers but basically I am a lot
better in attack than I am a defence so
I need to defend us back even though I
don't have any defenders so we're going
into the game against Josh let's see who
is gonna discard their team the only
player I really really care about is
Wayne Rooney so please don't let me lose
and we get to look at his team he got
away Neronian on na na Josh what the
hell why have you gotta Wayne Rooney on
loan if I if I win I'm gonna go to his
room and make sure you buy the Wayne
Rooney of the Scott buy his team is a
lot better in my mind so I'm probably
going to lose no Simon remember that
inspiring show is to watch believe in
yourself and that's the place to start
and I said hey hey
what a wonderful day to destroy Josh on
FIFA don't do it Josh don't be one of
these guys I absolutely hate people to
do this just then do it Josh thought
okay I even do it didn't do whoa
maybe he should have done it come on cat
came outside that is a bit too far make
a bit over it's kind of what um boom
Darla's oh wait he's got the same
goalies me oh no oh no oh no we've
survived for now no no money no that's
going well thank you I'm not know if
Josh is sitting there right now saying
as a pen and he deserves a little slack
Oh God
Cormac good fuck I just do not buzz back
there lol Ilana what is he doing there
mate what he did the quick thinking of
lalana the quick feet No tackle him good
luck how have I fallen at one bitch sit
the fuck did you sear it oh my god
alright so obviously that's not the game
over you know we've decided to go again
he's gonna score an own goal so that I
am one nil up cuz I was one near lot but
it's time from the beginning again
look at it look at s faucet that's
beautiful Josh we're now gonna destroy
you alright here we go we back we back
in their game and it is one nil as it
was when we finished wait a second he's
got Henderson as well I swear we just
have the same players watch this ball
but guna whips it in and then by gives
him a counter-attack that's how we do
you know we like we like having a little
bit of pressure he keeps giving if you
lose escapes psyche he missed that
keepers so slow are you really doing
this really you're really going for the
run oh my god where's my players where
the place yeah uh what no great
challenge come on run done oh oh oh look
at that bomb and then and then turn in
oh yeah you know it's going back
what Rudy no to nip plunge they pack
will make a tackle we don't want to land
back into it don't don't Lantern don't
Lam son don't left on your left oh go on
Kane come on flame off and then
lalana yeah you don't know won't good
you don't know oh no it's a good thing
you know you know that you know the
thing I mean oh shit
where's where's my things I've hit kiss
kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss you stinky
cheese gives you 6 boom federic chain
how does he go through that our acetal
us today
yeah that's 2 1 he's back in the game oh
oh okay oh okay
play no that's about okay what up
Russell learn to finesse right it's
about to be halftime and we are only
just in the leads
there we go it's halftime - or not I
don't know how I'm winning still so it's
up to you really who deserve to be
winning I mean I haven't shown all of
his shots cuz a lot of them were very
far off target is that a couple more but
only one is in on target come on this is
my game to lose now he plays the exact
way that I hate just very very slow no
no no no IV posture their voice okay
that's a great couple
okay how does he go through that stop
stop stop stop stop
Scott kicks okay that's fine yeah there
we go
oh okay get him get him
yes not I've seen this face - single
space throws running oh wait okay wait
hander boom and then hello this beauty
oh man there we go there we go Oh
Branson you got the place you got a
place you can't deliver a good board oh
oh oh oh shit oh shit that's a god oh
god no no I still scored it doesn't even
matter anyway how the hell was that
ended up a goal he's back in the game oh
my god
it's what is going on no no no no no no
win this game I might unless or didn't
see that coming and then that's a good
boy that's a good ball but can I win
ahead it okay okay okay
hand oh no hand always a lot don't know
why that makes it'll add what am I
saying
he's making a subbies making uh subbu's
he bring it on he just bought on Falcao
all right that's fair enough in it why
is he not playing Falcao from the
beginning literally got like what five
minutes remaining or something five
minutes okay we'll just hang on for 5
min five minutes
Oh Brighton in Brighton don't do it it's
why he pushed up why have you pushed up
to him don't don't let him do this
don't let me do this don't let me do
this don't live that super great block
Bardsley so happy bars he has a fucking
big head please don't do it
get rid get rid get rid get rid whoa
Federici
oh oh oh oh no no how is that foul I
would know if you scores this week it's
a draw what's the yard for he's gone for
the shot he's good friend boom no no no
no no no no no now his hand Oconto as
well there we go he's on it we've done
it it's lost
yes fair play to Joshy did do that for
me but I did score in the last game oh
my Wayne Rooney and Hendo our man of the
match even though he is those two
players as well
maybe Adam deserves a win but who knows
you know I the fact is I did that's all
for today I'm gonna go make sure that he
describes an actual winner in it you
could check out on his channel and
subscribe while you're over there thank
you guys for watching and shit will you
do so super pull pull pull
Oh George great dummy great dummy and
then turn up okay and then oh the top
the triple top booth dessert davon
Louise is doing tricks I've had it had
it no how am I not know what the fuck
where's it now
whether okay he didn't score where the
hell does my defense keep your mouth
your defensive George George
what's a one
