what's up guys and welcome back to the
very best last time I randomly received
50,000 coins and we figured out why I
say we I mean you
there was an EI competition that where
five thousand people got fifty thousand
coins and I think five people got like a
million coins or something and for some
reason I want it on the account where I
don't want to win so now I have fifty
thousand coins and the top coin was to
buy either Marcia or Marni but I only
play with one striker so I'm gonna go
buy one of them now I'm gonna just
decide but its vast yeah so there we go
that is a Marcie I bought now the second
top comment was to spend the rest of the
money or fitness cards and contracts
that I have to bother anymore and that's
what I'm gonna do so I'm gonna leave
myself with 5000 coins now if I win the
division I get another 5000 plus all the
coins on top of that so let me know who
you want me to buy with 5000 coins if we
win both of these games today we are
guaranteed promotion and we are two
points away from the title sadly I lost
one last episode but you know what we
move on and prepare to beat this team
which is a good VPL team okay well we
have a challenge here let's do this guys
come on slow like get to get him now
we've got Marcie our plane is debut I
want at least one goal from you today
Marshall yeah but like about that goal I
know there's a little bit of lag already
come on George come on all right where's
Masha Masha there you go Oh as a dummy
that's what it was there's a day ah
lalana space there seen the space for my
show oh I am determined he's getting a
go today
Sorry Sorry Sorry
how the hell is that just happen all
right you know what we're going on a run
bus man thank you very much thank you
George
hi George you want it you can have it we
go in top left top left thank god this
is calm
this game is calm I feel very in control
don't know Marv they're so lay them out
nice don't name out there though no
we've let him out ah we have until you
everything I need to work on my shoe and
drags him in every time and then
Marshall revoke mm I don't lemme get
gold cuz if he gets a goal he is back in
this oh oh oh oh oh challenging night
see I finally safe one go and wash out
marshy up you've got a little challenge
no challenge born and then ticket touch
oh no shoot okay where we going we got
playin that is a great debut all right
I'm liking this signing this is one of
the first signings as well well i
actually take partial responsibility or
should i say Marshall responsibility am
i right oh please be on please be on cuz
that's beautiful
it's on Howser Marshalls assist as well
look at this loop bang bang bang I still
think he was offside but whatever we are
absolutely demolishing him right now put
can you fake it across it
Oh not sure about that okay close it
down close him down don't let him out
never ever relieve the pressure never
George
half time and I'm three nil up this
gameis you know it's easy right now I'm
pretty certain that shot was this
free-kick bet on
a little run just best or ah
now I'd said to a trick I didn't say it
because you know that wouldn't really do
anything but I did do something nice one
Gabriel get rid of this now to gusty
keeps keeps you came out for that don't
just stop there keep thank you all right
we've got a counter-attack we've got a
counter-attack go on come on
who's this how was the old Emile oh you
can't keep up with the pot doesn't
matter be pace and then I'll spin a
score and then be like yeah where's the
pool there's the pool okay another one
let's go for which now dumb he's sick
I know it's Wynyard I'm okay I just like
saying which now mm on again why have
you fallen over those I don't know what
I'm doing anymore I've just
I'm here to comfortable Celia I'm too
comfortable to come to one and eat no no
how is that been I told you I'm too
comfortable please please please
everyone goes down the freakin middle
George best yeah you know yeah yeah yeah
yeah you didn't see that coming did you
bitch but Oh corner they corner why he
paused it why the hell of you is sick in
the 69th minute as well George joy
George best mate how does he do these
things George best George best as they
don't know George
you where did you - what's going on what
the fuck what the fuck what the hell for
- okay three minutes left
this is not too good that wasn't what I
said to do this isn't what I'm saying to
do it all what is going on oh hi yeah so
I thought bitch is mine now this is mine
there we go
game over three point done he had two
shots in the second half both of them
were goals we are two points away from
promotion we are five points away from
the title and we have five games left
should be simple we're gonna stick with
the same team it played well so here we
go Game two hi let's see his team his
team his team's cool export song no I
see what he did there I is team's pretty
decent it's a PSG it's a it's a weird
mix it's just everything put together
alright let's see if we can do some
damage and win promotion let's see okay
you know what max Gradle learn to
finesse whoa it was a good effort great
a feedback and not only that it may have
set up a chance for No whoa
then what the fuck was my first gun oh
my god he toughen himself he tackled him
sell vide was awesome
lemon lemon no weird juice - OOP OOP OOP
OOP OOP Oh George great dummy great
dummy and then turn up okay and then oh
the chop the triple top good Cesare
davon Louise is doing tricks over head
it head it no how am I not know what the
fuck was not as a goal rather okay he
didn't score where the hell does my
defense if you've got my figure
defensive
Oh George what's a one George the shit
force of the legend George best lives on
and he just you just can't stop him how
many players you get no matter how many
keepers are in the way you can't stop
him send it like this where the hell is
my defense gone and why are they falling
over each other what that how does he
keep getting that space lemon he's
offside anyway I'll bet he's taking
himself out rough lemon blood slow up
oh that dip to the loss secondly the
body when we get from here when we go Oh
didn't see that coming didn't see that
coming
oh you saw that one but can you stop it
he's stopped it he stopped if it out but
are you serious I don't know 45th minute
45th minute look at AIDS look aids for
this yes good kick it at and now we have
a little shot so we have a shot no you
okay if you want to leave it great oh
that's fine I mean he has had almost the
same amount of shots but you know he's
only got one on target you can't score
if you don't hit it on target right
second half
come on I need another win for promotion
this is this is a big game this one we
have a chance to just whip it in bat
post here we go look short ribs in great
are too close to the keeper it's a good
effort oh why did I do that
okay ah if I scored I move may have had
an excuse but I didn't so I don't owe
the mistake the mistake George best sure
Oh George all the segregation look
matter what I do you can't stop George
best no matter how many defenders
thought I would he go keepers he is
unstoppable feel like this game has got
a little bit easier now I feel like he's
tough he's done something and I don't
know what but it's changed why have you
not stepped up YV no steps up why he not
stepped up yeah up keep it up you think
the key was coming down in q1 peach he's
on like ultra attacking right now or
something
what the frig you just push me over
thank you he doesn't deserve a go there
you literally push my last turnover
right George best tool trust George
I can always count on you Oh George what
the fuck what the hell what the hell
what the what the game was pretty much
over and then that just happened
alright you don't let me go in all right
we'll just keep that's a that's a foul
alright you know what you know what Oh
Oh boom that is the slowest shot ever
surely that is it okay wait you know
what we're going to just boot it there
and then George no okay you don't wanna
hit it alright yes we've done it I
wasn't worried at all were you about I
mean I did I felt like I deserved it and
it means me I promoted we need two
points for the title in the last four
games as I said I am leaving myself with
5000 coins and I've gained an extra one
and a half thousand so I've got about
six thousand coins you need to let me
know who to buy that is all for today's
I've been another good day I'm happy
with it I'm just annoyed I lost that
last game last episode thank you guys
for watching and see up run go outside
there you go there you go
tickets shoot Jim joke ah school what's
going on
why are we so good together without
blowing Josh we always lose we actually
plays this game again ball nice nice
nice run was that you run in front of
all right do it then shoot
none of the week is
