what's up guys and welcome back to dice
paper this time my guest is Vic I know
one two three yeah Vic's I want to do
three I've done dice people with both
Toby and Josh this time it's Nick's turn
we played the draft before and we were
either year we won though if you don't
know how this way cyclists five options
on the formation and every position bigs
gonna roll the dice and whatever it
lands on that's what corresponds to the
player we have if it's a six we get to
choose what Nick gets to choose the play
we have this is full formation okay go
for it there's five options their eyes I
want to roll with centers okay it is
it's a five okay oh you know oh that's
probably the worst one this is for
captain
okay oh my god one more of my wall
please before the five is alright
there's got to be a proper of the forest
ik four five five five is the I said
five is okay what name on all right
striker time it's the big one
oh please get one or three one three
four is okay you get one or a six I'm
gonna hug you
ah three I said a 390 is fast a
boomerang no we really want here what's
a fall Godfather's decent alright I
chose the wrong guy you know I chose a
wrong fucking guy he's so much worse
a guy we got the guy you call action oh
my god I'm gonna test em both like maybe
I'm oh you're bad go for it they're all
pretty much the same all right go for it
oh yeah a six well actually it's under
you not them you're saying faster yeah
any reason hostile you look okay alright
go friend you're gonna get oh okay is it
- that's alright ah to be honest any of
them do I mean a five would probably be
good or two that was probably the worst
one there they're all average what why
why why no good fight anymore
two for one to be caught okay I'm
getting it right from now on no one here
two or five really I think what one will
do against six ah let's have a look
realistic way we're going out we are
like yeah yeah
fine we'll send them back and they're
all terrible just just do it it doesn't
matter what we get if the - all right I
feel like he would be the best choice
so for restricts please by nicely one
laughing burn his bids Batman Josh's
okay we're gonna go through the subs now
really quick go and Tim Howard that was
a terrible role by Nexon hold a six okay
don't know who we want Montoya yeah x16
rules are simply becoming amazing now
okay okay the other with you I got
nothing to say Van Ginkel can detect
sounds funny yeah that's the one
it's a six god please running through
the six please
I was wrong Fuji one room let Rutledge
yeah okay
oh yes I'm like it should clean up Oh
Vic I love you 3 that's good biscuit or
1 - OH
next one is a three ah so I fits a 6
this is they're all terrible just choose
one I'm Helen we yeah 5 okay alright
last one is it even worth getting me one
good up Tim barely we had the players
now we're gonna go build the team will
be back in how many seconds revert back
it um three we're back in 3 seconds 2 3
2 1 so we have built a team there wasn't
much we could do with it but it's a
pretty decent team chemistry's not all
their final dice roll for today we just
don't want her to see why'd you say that
yes l6 ok so who do you want
I think mr. Santos Mourinho alright so
now we're gonna play one game with that
team see if we can win we have a winning
record right now to keep so it's true
you're gonna see if we continue let's go
I so he also has a purple Ronaldo is
this team's not that good you know how
to play ah sometimes I'm it you're blue
alright let's go Nick don't be stupid
now oh it's good it's good
but now do something else oh how we dig
I don't know how about white worked out
that bar wanna run run I go outside
there you go they go take is a shoot
shoot choke ah finger school what's
going on right why are we so good
together but I blaming Josh we always
lose yes he plays this game by every
ball
nice nice nice runs that you run in
football do it then shoot
another week is shot you don't love it
though how does never experience that's
win games
that was a stack he's off your side your
side your side all right I'm gonna wrap
11th ending show you what the ham soup
I'm bucks today that was so powerful
don't slide do not slide whatever you do
no no think I said don't slice it word I
said don't slide to worry about I'm good
okay I'm good I'm good it and then there
you go shoot okay didn't really work it
work we're gonna love almost working
right now no no no we scored
we're losing we're drawing window the
majority majority man oh man we're
drawing yeah oh that's beautiful come on
no I was so lucky oh like Jesus Maggie
how do you pause in real life okay so
I'm gonna stop for the must stay there
don't move forward stop I'm gonna get on
the line the other line what am I gonna
do yeah I'm good oh no okay
we go away with that yeah you got that
get crossing cross oh good a great
effort grandpa oh wow short thank you
boy
whoa oh
I was not far oh no no I'm 100 no no
we're losing yeah this is bad this is
very bad
it's very very bad good right why why is
he done why have you slips for work with
bricks that was me by the way but he
slid instead of just clearing it gonna
make a sub I so we got Ronaldo as a cam
now Pedro one and Cazorla back Center
miss we are not producing we make we
might we might leave me but leave there
are no pun surely is it a pen there's a
pen it's got to be mr. Pett Oh No where
should I go now ready go
right pop right on bomb right Vic one
more girl one more girl we're back and
we're back this is literally like this
is slo-mo this is PowerPoint run just
run and now wait tipoff I'll get
crossing across it oh he's offside oh it
was good play good play
just take a touch and shoot shoot okay
I've done a way to think that a little
bit inwards okay he's going on a
free-kick from going on the line you
know what we're gonna have to go for a
frigging format attack thing
then all out that Gareth well these are
the bottom I spell with those one run
just one just run run run in a little
bit okay sure sure
cute I don't know what you prefer I like
long I'll something positive you date
well then okay okay get frozen Oh No
hey that wasn't that wasn't even a cross
where you go in there comes the crunch
time and you just I don't know what
happened Oh
lost it was a good effort it wasn't good
at thought it was a good after order
moment to get a scores for his run out
let me t Ronaldo's at the same time
that's the magic of renown that's all
for today couldn't win this time thank
you guys for watching thank you Vic
playing you see up she became possessed
and attacked me with the knife it's not
a knife it's an inflatable I quickly
whipped my erect Willie out and smack
him in the face so I was running at you
with a knife what do you do in the face
what's happening for this story it was
literally getting serious there was
gonna be a haunting frog then there was
Nando's and an Toby's come in and it's
just gone to shit right so where was I
