well that was awful what's up guys and
happy Halloween today I've got something
a little bit different for you I had a
few ideas of what to do for this video
the idea behind this is the last year I
did how to make a horror film with all
the other guys this time the horror
story is based on you so I tweeted out
asking for sentences for a horror story
using hashtag Minnie ween I don't know
why just suggest I have a small penis
again and you guys sent in some tweets a
friend of mine Adam or Adso paps has put
them together in a story which I am now
going to read we don't add spouts he's
the one who did all the animations for
our channels so yeah this story may not
make sense it was a dark night when JJ
was spending his time not uploading then
Ethan jumped from out of nowhere and the
Wi-Fi stopped working where's JJ's pubes
Vic suddenly shouted I then received a
text from an unknown number I can see
you I then realized that the Frog vikre
Nova had been haunting the house the
entire time Josh came in with Nando's
what then his beard got a life of its
own
what just happened to this story was
about to get serious I heard a tap on
the window and as I peered out I saw
Harry with blood on his face I thought
you were in Guernsey as I turn JJ jumped
at me and screamed suddenly we heard a
voice behind us screaming it's bath time
boy
really it was at this moment I realized
Josh's beard was in fact evil the lights
flickered
oh it's getting back to serious Vic
pulled out a massive knife shaped
inflatable and pointed it at JJ he
turned psycho he swung the knife at me I
could feel the blood dripping down my
forehead and then Toby came from behind
the cornyn in his Teletubby halloween
costume what is happening to this story
Adam I ran to the home and I ran to the
door to see a wild rose ashore staring
at me from a tree it was then that Toby
released that Nando's doesn't exist
anymore then how's Josh just brought
back Nando's the sidemen collapsed to
the floor in pain as they whispered
Nando's is closing down she became
possessed that attacked me with the
knife it's not a knife it's an
inflatable I quickly
whipped my erect Willie out and smack
him in the face so I was running at you
with a knife would you do which in the
face what's happening for this story it
was literally getting serious there was
gonna be a haunting frog then there was
Nando's and then Toby's come in and it's
just gone to shit right so where was
that where was I right the Willie the
Willie smacked him in the face Vic was
hit by a helmet and died I'm out
actually hell I woke up to find Ethan
eyes and now it's a freaking dream the
whole story was the dream apparently I
woke up to find Ethan standing at the
end of my bed with something behind his
back well you definitely got a scary
story going on here it was horrible
there it was my swegway in pieces Ethan
was stuck in a chicken not yet
Ethan was stuck in a chicken nugget I
don't know what I even means Josh went
to wake up G day to find him easing down
onto a cucumber and shouting Lamborghini
at the top of his voice it went quiet
then a loud shout from the hallway shut
up I have an erection the lights dropped
JJ moved through the house Ethan
screamed with joy Khan I can't continue
this all in all today has been a great
day and there is nothing I would change
JJ turned out to be a fast black zombie
who ate the rest of the sidemen don't
know when that happened and then I died
that's it I died when did JJ turn into a
zombie in that story and how could it be
a great day and I wouldn't change a
thing if I died the thing is I would
question this and say that will never
ever ever be a horror film but for some
reason I actually kind of want to act
out except not actually hitting JJ with
my penis and to be honest it sounds
better than a lot of horror films I've
seen but yeah that was your story so I
guess Congrats but that is all for today
thank you Adam or ads or perhaps for
doing the animation and also choosing
the storyline you did a terrible job
with the storyline but that's over today
thank you guys for watching and have a
good Halloween and see you the murderer
is chasing this cheerleader through
something like a forest or through a
house and some
that and a call over over nothing they
fall over over nothing this is then when
that they find something where they
could quite easily escape but no they go
back for something stupid
you
