what my team is the same
why have I now got 50,000 coins I'm so
confused right now I have 50,000 coins I
know I shouldn't be complaining but it's
kind of against the point of the series
but I just what's up guys and welcome to
the very best top comment today by
Gabriel at Center Mac I mean price isn't
really an issue right now so why not I
mean we have Gabriel boys going on we're
in division 7 still we haven't played
any extra games I literally just have
more coins I guess we just play another
two games now and we have a full team so
I mean I guess we just go into this next
game and hopefully we can win first
opponent here we go we have a okay we
have a BPL team it is pretty much the
same as mine which means no excuses I am
literally setting myself up to lose
right now I don't know why I'm just not
very hyped because I mean like I just
went on to my account and suddenly I
have an h2 50,000 coins roughly so it's
kind of like I don't know it's against
them the part of the series I'm about to
dip there's a goal okay never mind
turn up buzzer dude that touch is awful
oh oh okay but that parcels worse that
touch was even worse oh oh oh
what's it know though what are we doing
what button okay turn up son and then oh
oh no I need to go no no let's not do
that let's not let's not try let's not
try this get rid no stop
so what are you doing you actually said
but I don't know how he just blows
everything oh can you blow this live us
no that wasn't it were like no what time
for freaking like George Bears tickets
up hey George how are you not
controlling that okay that's that's
alright that's alright gone George
George best heard does have a touch
another freaking corner no no no don't
keeps the skids positive party they get
turn oh what a Dutch oh who the hell was
that whoever it was I love you it was it
was Winnie out ups get to looking the
plane no pen no plane no no no no no no
no posit there we go I'll do half time
and I'm winning one Neil but it's only
one nil that's not enough yeah that's
why it's not enough I just need to
defend for my life oh stop this guy just
can't shoot I don't know why I don't
know what's wrong with this controller
but you just can't shoot there you go
posture nah okay no that's not where
Paul oh I was getting away with this not
there when y'all done okay where we go
Eddie get Poppins then put over the door
my white fellows a simple port oh no no
that's a girl that's a dollar two
dollars and go great challenge okay no
sure by Laplace I'm literally I'm
letting him back in I'm laying have
another shot I'm literally giving him
chances great like what's ahead of you
were here oh no no no no I'm not there
not there why am i I've got constant
pressure on right now good cause the
pressure posture by puzzler right and
then I'll get running running there we
go there we go run early boo boo boo
oh are you know you don't get a early
ball that punch made absolutely no sense
all right here we go Katie can you say
how wide how am I gonna draw this game I
what I'm not at the moment I'm winning
but you know I mean no oh no oh I don't
know how I'm surviving I didn't mean
stick it but I don't know how I'm
surviving Cena shots later off George
yeah so doing tonight you think a minute
game over that is though George best you
are
yeah that's right sit done game over -
Neal that's one win out my two games
today already clean sheet is offered a
new boy Gabriel I may have been lucky I
may have been lucky but it doesn't
matter so one more win today and we are
two points away from promotion five
points away from the title so this is
the team for today we're playing
Lafferty because Jerome is injured for a
game everyone is fit let's go let's put
ourselves in a good position for
promotion let's see what we're against -
informs the team is all right like the
informs aren't the best in force but
they're they're good players around
there let's go lads let's do this let's
go go go laughs a dy lot to her you got
to impress me today got a little chance
no chance you know what fine one ball
and then turn in and then get crossing
there's a great ball ball how are you
missing that radio please far great ball
that's a terrible touch of oh dude get
the book they're bad that to get to kill
pickup uncle's best Jorge bus
Jorge you saving the exact same shot
what how I've had such like normal like
repetitive I feel like they'd fixed it
and then this comes along where is the
foul that a trick he literally tripped
over his own foot and then his neck
broke where to go for this the script
book I saw was saved it and I'm now
losing again to maybe the first actual
loss we have goes oh my god he loves
that how does the frickin over-the-top
will warp in down his back doctor no no
no dude are we serious well guys I guess
it had to happen sometime I'm gonna lose
my first game and it's just absolute
maybe not what the fuck it's good what
it's got what is what's happening what
okay halftime we need to regroup ah this
game is absolute bollocks let's see what
we can do here
no keep on keep up I don't know what's
sake
I don't know what to say about guys have
lost my first game okay puss in no not
there not there no no plus the George
best you knew I'm in there as well it's
kind of worthless know what plus it in
ball and then bolt you really start to
take a piss now
I'm gonna find us keep our we're gonna
try a little touch try that bull pen pet
please Keifer my play just fell over and
that's not anything George George pen
pen pen for dick tried changing play on
I'm lost
I've lost with gamers has been full of
absolute horse strikes I don't know what
is going on with the players lot fucking
bullshit and I won the last game the
other way around but that is frickin
painful to be that side of it we still
just need three wins out the last six
games to get the title still should
happen but you guys need to let me know
what to do with the coins because I have
50,000 points I don't want all of them
because it ruins the series so let me
know what you think I should do that's
all for today thank you guys for
watching see ya okay we get mod rich now
that's another good play we got a good
play up darlin I've just been opening
patch I don't know what I showed but
it's a wild 70k is pretty much the same
as all the others okay now we got
something 1015 k-pax that's how long
I've been opening packs
we're opening these and then we're
stopping if I get nothing I get nothing
I've got three good players so far and
the first pack we get a goat in game ax
