what's up guys welcome to another pack
opening today the team of the week is
this beautiful team it is absolutely
beautiful we have informed ultimately we
have in for Valbuena informer boomerang
inform cane inform Rattata and many many
more
fuck's sake you before you say yes I am
inform apparently that's me for those
who don't know I get to eat in like
every single day at least 10 times I get
to you that frickin picture and me do we
look alike
no exactly anyways we are just gonna be
opening some packs trying to get any
informs or legend let's see how this
goes first bike is Harry Kane and Harry
Kane is actually informed so you know
what I mean that means we get an input
mary-kate
it'll name for mary-kate back no but its
lenses right Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba wha
how's that you have years I don't think
pikes very good today we have AG we're
on the front hi
Walla bar wait I just opened an alibi
and now I is all over the place right
now
what are these packs these guys don't
seem right is the amount of bad packs
that I cut out who's obviously I don't
get that many good players constantly
yep freakin Jose Enrique if I showed you
guys every single pack it would be you
forgetting to our long pipe opening or
something like that but these bags are
awful I need what can I do this black
pack all right I like that black pack
all right this is how I do I close my
eyes and then someone will open it all
right what the hell we do is as good as
everything I've got so far
alibi olive olive olive olive olive
olive Allah please this is so bad I
still - ray come on greasy man give me a
oh my god
Oh Oh Diego Costa already got him but
he's worth the bit yeah around 70 Kate
I'll take him
not sure I've really made my money back
but uh so far Simon believe in yourself
this is South Sider to go I'm actually
talking to myself
believe in yourself and that's the place
to start and I said hey isn't this off
hey what a wonderful time today learn to
live and play and get along with each
other
hi I got confidence now thanks to that
weirdo that was just here what am i
doing my life come on positive
positivity that's all we need positivity
cool ah Johnny won inform that is it one
inform and I have to end this pact
governing I'm sorry but it's gonna
happen that's not an inform that's hard
ow no maybe EA a black bugs my room and
they know I'm any stopping when I get it
informed so you know what we're not
gonna star yet input we're just gonna
stop soon all right let me as well just
give me one anyway I'm gonna end the
pack opening they may as well make it
better for you guys
this is so bad I don't want coke got the
Grizz I'm Nicole
it's con con two hours later
okay we can monitor it now that's
another cool play we got a third good
play I'm Colin I've just been opening
packs I don't know what I showed but
it's awhile 70k is pretty much the same
as all the others okay now we got
something 1015 k-pax that's how long
I've been opening packs
we're opening these and then we're
stopping if I get nothing I get nothing
I've got three good players so far and
the first pack we get a go in game ah
yeah oh just warn inform believe ten 15k
but plus I'm getting a rare every time
but they're all shits right it's time to
pull out bags I haven't done this in a
long time
are you serious packs at a moment not
just these Pike's packs in general for
the last like four hours have been
absolutely shocking oddly and then Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba just not gonna be good those if
it's as soon as I see that it's a rare
and he's Italian I don't know who it
could be that's like incredible final
pack Harry Kane
we're done here frickin done that with
these stupid packs Harry Kane just to
finish it off
sick I've got like eight packs let's
just see what is the point of opening
those packs when I'm getting the same
players oh it wasn't a loser see those
silent polygons in four minutes the shit
won't be here friggin Tuukka Rask Oh
does he even sell for anything no I
doubt it and sixty so he goes for less
than much you know what now I've waited
for an in-form
and I finally got friggin informed so
carrasco guys I'm gonna have to end it
there I'm going crazy in this room it's
just the room is getting smaller and
going crazy and crazier getting shit
packed so that is all for today thank
you guys for watching we've got some
good players and we got an in-form
that's all we wanted that will just end
it on Panther I've got them like nine
times today thank you guys for watching
and see it where's the run notice no
then good run no no no no no no no no no
wait wait alright bang why turn up plus
it
wait where do you go saying no oh it was
what it didn't really work i gosh off
and stop stupid games but it didn't
school Oh
