what's going on guys I'm welcome to
reverse ladders FIFA if you don't know
how this works basically I did it the
other day on josh's channel which you
can check out in the description what is
happening to you right now so hot in
this room it is very hot in this room
it's like Africa or Safari okay so
merciless fever is basically where we
put all the sliders down to zero so
their speed their past actually their
past speed everything like that down to
zero we're gonna play a game who you're
gonna be how to do it okay I'm going to
be Portugal so it's Messi Ronaldo may
the best woman win
Africa alright so as you can see here we
clearly have zero sprint speed zero
acceleration zero everything alright
that that's tough for somebody mouth but
you have no idea what to expect I know I
did well okay well I have a few tactics
so why don't you in the gym no I won't
do anyone to stop okay oh well just I
will I'm just gonna understand watching
foes okay go on spread the worst thing
for me to catch you
yeah okay figured out the tactic already
what's this it was too touchy
Vaness is an effective Oh oh shit but
you place the place
how would you the Pliocene epochs nice
waiting boom rah
seriously oh let me stop that bull oh
wait oh what a challenge that's made a
shot that's a month oh please please
please
Oh goalkeeper ability down here oh my
lord oh yeah stop oh stop me when I'm a
regular space slime oh no oh my miss
tournament I've been come on shit me
smile oh fuck they're just a bunch of
small like big touch oh my god cross
that oh oh my god this like this know
what to do is finesse for me oh oh okay
oh no grace a grace a oh oh what a shall
a marketer water to hurt me
so you go Oh Oh disgusting that is
disgusting is it tattoo though cuz I got
every kick yeah the way again that way
that's what happens
oh oh the purse the boys
Oh bass him no no let's do it shoot an
idea what's your idea tell me first what
is your keeper good oh no the food and
jump anyway there are salad I was all me
bro a shuttle leave here this appears
well of son I've got the force well what
do you mean uh-oh
first get rid of it yeah oh thank the
Lord
halftime and I'm losing 2-1 it was a fun
kick know what know what it's like oh oh
when out clear the pace I don't
someplace oh my god oh it's too fucking
slow
Oh run without him oh my god no wait
look that's what happens in shoot what a
village we're gonna do for us what a
fucking no no you just picked up some
you serious hey go for it that's it
that's be no play and you'll go keep us
out you cookies a position
Go Go game up ah yes yes come on oh oh
oh Vanessa you see I will not score any
more finesse goals in this game if this
moment he knew he fucked up and run what
wimon run move what's going on how what
where did our places let's go yeah now
motherfucker
oh yeah oh oh oh I don't fit on look
around well you some fun no just why
he's still going on I don't know that
off a good extra time boxy alright gold
and go alright alright
No oh my gosh okay you got time you're
done waves no blue moving with that can
you stop it oh my god that's not fair
way to just get round everyone
good this is Sun palaces Judas Kiss
women give me the ball is about to be
half-time notice you don't have another
challenge you're not gonna get anywhere
oh no okay oh my god sorry no I'm sorry
oh oh shut the fuck up shut the fuck up
Bessie what's up is say good and Sue
about an hour
oh wait wow I think we've discovered who
the winner is wait Jimmy Josh cuz I
learned that you can use Panetta had no
idea that rule and it's just i sat there
like a diva good yeah that's that's all
for reverse ladders fever Thank You JJ
for playing you guys can check them out
in the description yeah that's all for
today thank you guys for watching and
see ya hi let's do this lads we're going
for Game two and I need another win pass
out there we go there look at that look
at that ball drum oh go one nail already
in two minutes
all right that's a great assist from
when y'all done already two minutes into
his debut and he's already gone is just
why you hugging him and jump that is
mate come on goddamn God as your
abbreviation if you doing that we're
going
