yo what's going on guys and welcome back
to no we're not doing that today we are
playing the very best I asked you guys
who I should buy the top come it was by
Winnie Alden that's right I said it
right unfortunately I do have enough
coins I'm about 100 or 200 coins away so
I will buy him before the end of this
episode everyone is very tired but we're
gonna rest greater win and after this
game I will get a fitness card for
George best and I will buy one Adam then
we just need a sentiment but we are in
division 7 is a new challenge we are in
a higher division and we need about six
wins to get promoted so it's time we're
going in
actually it's only right we got this
isn't a very camouflaged kit you know
but which it's fine it's fine we can see
him roughly right you know what run come
back positive right then turn back out
again
there's a little bit of lag waitressed
rev Rev bang finish that what is going
on whether that's no okay maybe maybe
you should have been a pen but it wasn't
so we'll carry on well let's just it was
the run what's right no uh-uh uh-uh
uh-uh
oh wait sit bang sig touch voice ah hi
we're gonna try something here we're
gonna try just laying it off take it a
touch and the bang
almost worked I can shoot because he
freaky another player on the line but
that was one yeah what we're just gonna
whip this thing going best that's a
great ball grab Oh where's the run
notice no Clem good run no no no no no
no no no
sannen wait wait all right
bang woo turn up turn up
toss it wait where do you go then no oh
it was what it didn't really work I got
shot and that's doing games but it
didn't school oh boy let's get that
shall it like I do something it was just
a really really really bad shot
outside no no no offside there all right
come on 0i yes
yester oh is this his debut Oh Gribble
no no I was it was a great big bubble
head to the area take a touch by ones
nothing then Oh Oh am I not scoring
there did you see that run George run
run then Rev come on give me that half
time now and I'm still only one near lot
how am I only one nil up he scores now
if he if he scores and wins this game I
am a be so pissed off and I know he will
as well and no he's just gonna score a
stupid goal like a corner oh no oh no I
told you one chance and he frickin
scores I know was it a corner but how am
i drawing this game I'm a little crazy
in this tradition if it's always like
this remember what I said about a corner
right remember remember what I said
remember I said okay awesome shot to the
goal
no that was easy but okay wait okay you
take gobei that is just absolute
shambles
ah look at the time now I don't know
what's got there you go run thank you
George finally okay laugh and see and
Jerome your bottle then your bubbles
just laugh at bebo
okay those 89 per minute and we are to
one-up oh my gosh don't now don't lay
them out blame out exactly what said not
to do so don't lay them out no oh great
save me I'll do I'll do we've done it
we've done it
yes game 1 of division 7 and we win 2-1
in the 90th minute
give me a top division I mean I feel
like others game one done and we've won
another game
and we have when Adam there we go ice
readers died so I probably will have to
buy it
fitness card because my other
centre-back is tired of lying I'm enough
to arrest him he's also tired so yeah
but we have when you're out of now the
team is definitely getting better is as
good as his team no it's not fight team
isn't that good all right let's do this
lads we're going for Game two and I need
another win pass out there we go look at
that look at that ball drum oh go one
near already in two minutes
all right that's a great assist from
when y'all done already two minutes into
his debut and he's already got an assist
why you hugging him and jump that is
mate come on goddamn God as your
abbreviation if you doing that we're
gonna run down there God George look at
that look at this look at this run oh
and they play min and then bang when
y'all jump up I hope that was when the
album on his debut nope it was it was it
was great oh I swam I'm honestly not
racist George police a man no that was
so close I need a third a third so that
he is just so designed of oh yeah I've
seen that seen that make it kind of
worked
yeah what's in fact I didn't what
darmian Tommy we don't make no oh hi yes
how is he getting this no no no no no no
go
oh no games back on game is back on I
was to order us to a to Nilla it was
going so frickin well hahaha
lalana far side by side far side no I
said freaking far okay when yelled him
what is they go yeah what a finish from
the new boy look at that boom top corner
okay we're going for a fourth to go for
full senior by post early ball I got
that early going why are you aren't you
challenging business Hey Oh Oh blame it
ah boom ba-ba-boom somewhere please okay
run Gradle run right big touch maybe a
bit too big okay no Niles huffing you
know what boom strong with the back day
Oh
who ever said to by Jerome you are
freaking G
yes Eli might see you later so done see
like a 4-1 so long farewell
you just got shat on I think that's how
the song goes but it's close enough you
didn't even have a shot on target he
freaking it scored and he didn't have a
shot on target and that is that done 750
coins is all I have so I probably won't
be able to buy any one eighth episode
Allyson into my fitness card which will
cost either 150 or 200 but the next
level need to get as a centre-back
because I have a player in every other
position to send her back let me know
I'll probably have to buy an episode
after the next one most like I will be
the one I choose thank you guys for
watching and see ya but this is going
really really badly today I blame
redbull claiming take a Dutch dojo take
is not just right foot come on PJ come
on come on no no no how is that such a
bad pause I his team is actually amazing
I don't know how and I don't know what
is with this my defenders is running I
honestly didn't do that I swear I swear
I didn't do that
