yo what's going on guys and welcome back
to another 50k back to Scott challenge
this time I'm not just playing a random
person online today I am plenty of tobio
table chisel we're broken over 250 a
pattern we're going to build a team
using only the 12 players that we had in
that pack the loser has to discard their
pack so if I get like an in-form
eva right now and I lose I have to
discard it just to remind you guys as
well this is the team so I could get a
name I could get purple with an album
left back in our cellar ibrahimovic
whoever writes so 50k pack the twelve
players I get are my team so I need a
goalie and every other position but I
didn't get a goalie last time I don't
think so here we go I'm so nervous I
actually I'm not gonna look at here last
time I look three two one boom
I saw Seleucus auras or however you want
to study zaps Ok Go Go keep on the two
goalkeepers that's no please say there's
no more goalkeepers this team is so bad
so obviously I didn't go too well and my
team is looking a bit like this this is
probably the one of the worst teams I've
ever got from a 50k pack and I have to
play Toby so let's just get this over
and done with but I mean we have a
decent like Italian link down the left
we got the gold Q Center back left back
left wing striker they're all they're
all in the Italian league to fight to
play on the left mid as a right-back and
a centre back and a strikers my
sentiments i don't know what i'm doing i
just discard my team now my hope is that
Toby has someone amazing and that I can
somehow make him discard it so let's go
Toby the moment of truth II Eagle a
madoski
he could love and dusk okay he has a
good flare that I can make him discard
and he has no chemistry well we know
what our challenges today all right Toby
let's go come on I'm gonna make you
discard that's so freakin hard knowing a
dirty way why is this player back there
what's good I don't know what's going on
alright just get rid of this what no
what no okay that's fine oh they'll do
that don't bother on the back okay let's
go Ashley come on Ashley just run just
run
where am I gonna get to it oh that was
awful
hi Jovie neo Trevino plays him no one
person okay I don't know what I meant to
do at this point but you know what was
switched there please don't go ever all
right suit you there
then we'll play min claiming okay okay
all right uh and tap thumbs up will then
what would you stop wait a skort that we
need that's good it's an old golf with
Toby oh you know what I actually have a
decent free-kick think I might just try
it
come on you have a go and go for that D
Natale theater that is corner so I turn
on the tutorial thing there you go Eddy
area it's the area and then you take
touch and you why is that that was awful
ib neo let's actually make something
happen now let's miss Aleeah oh okay I'm
Vicky I think it now he's reading eight
he's reading me like a little book
oh no w oh where do we go where do we go
we go oh I'll get turn up cut up deep
it's Holly come on Tina Tolly you used
to have place I remember go play ball or
don't look look a panic in a pan again
oh whoa hello hello boom pursue del
jhemini oh I feel so bad because I am so
much worse
I'm starting so I'm starting to get the
hang of this now starting to get the
hang of this oh this isn't good
Lewandowski just
you need to chill the fuck out bro chill
out bro chill out bro
okay I feel really really bad now okay
we have another chance we have another
chance
seeing the near post bro or default buzz
bull whatever just I've seen the ball
and there's half time here a little
chance of but it's hard time I'm too
nila say bye bye Levin dusky I mean I
did feel bad I felt like I should be
losing because that's kind of suggest
the opposite let's see what we can do in
this half scene in far side seeing the
far side Abraham that's an absolutely
sure
oh that's worse dude it's a like ah
black man no no racist no recent thing
turned out awesome alright and then put
layoff leo
that's offside anyway doesn't matter but
you continued on he has a chance he's
got a chance I'm scared oh no no this is
no how would you get through no whoa oh
okay we survived is not comfortable
right now our survival seen us through
okay it's know exactly where I want the
dip it's it's almost it's almost worked
please be also a zealot is on side he's
outside no it does ski he's done me I
don't wanna talk me I'm so sorry
so feel so sorry ah what is going on I
was you know how was it good shot Toby
I'm I actually can't I can't put into
words how sorry I am he's hit the bar
twice and the pool and the post I know
you're not gonna believe me but I
actually do feel bad oh no no no no no
no no no no no no no forget it is he
gonna pass it off not oh he is no no no
no no
oh great say baron classic peri-peri
don't let it be for nothing don't let
him even nothing all that should have
been another foul ball yes very very
he's twin so much pressure on but he's
not really getting anywhere
oh please get up please give up right
Gina Talley turn in plus it was for that
dummy Oh Toby I know what Dina tally
let's get out to be quick cause he's
gonna go put a flare on the line we stop
do the dolly guys shocking shooter than
a power one oh no oh no Toby were done
Toby what have you done tell me what
have you done is he he's on I'm sorry I
had to do it I was getting too nervous I
know it's the 83rd minute but Toby's all
over me okay and tap on tap go on go on
and tap them that can making sense right
oh yeah where you gradually go where'd
you want to go Toby but it Oh
ah boom ah I'll tell you what no this
proves that chemistry is important and
also that Toby is very unlucky I got one
final chance one final chance and he's
literally tried the offside trap he's
tried it oh sorry five Neil that was
what I wasn't said about they're just
good I don't know what's just happened
that's it five mil oh we did it we beat
Levin dusky even with that shitty team
Sara's or Casarez or however you want to
say his name a man in the match deserves
man he's a set up a cat he got a goal
that is it for the 50k pack challenge
let me know who you want me to play next
when the next 50 K parts come out I will
play then we'll do the same challenge
hopefully I'll get a better team thank
you guys for watching they toby
flenderson
and see oh no no I am literally breaking
it right now
oh my god what is going on what is what
is happening how has even got chops on
that women
no doctor laughs 40 frickin oh he's
always loveliness losing from row
