here we go but ah that's cute
mad bro why you mad bro I need to make
you sad you're my bad bro 6:30 in the
morning and we're headed out is only me
and bit going hey Beck I'm cleaning my
shoes son of them I'm late I'm kidding
went to this is way too easy to make a
racist joke but kid I was walking in the
desert my fans I wasn't it was another
man okay so me and Vic I headed out we
announced today I wasn't actually the
Chet we're actually going there now so
you must wait you have minutes okay okay
hi throughout airport we just run into
these two bubbles and jelly
ah I'm not jelly he's no jelly his
slogan man he's my favorite out of the
three fuck our rights as you saw from
the intro we are heading up somewhere
Andre
private jet look at our head on there we
go so we're gonna play black ops 3 then
we're gonna go to
we're going on a trip in our favorite
private champion driving through the sky
little Einstein whoops what Oh
wait wait I was doing and it will do
again yeah yeah that's good what is that
then why you pin it down so it's mine oh
I don't know what we do now what do we
do now are we get off the plane please a
photo I want to take it to somewhere
else
jackpot - yeah fuck you Simon but
allowed to say those words
okay well love you Simon - that's better
yeah we made it to the hotel
yay
I believe we're on a bad polities oops
yeah what it'll do it okay
but I don't think I ever actually
explained what I'm actually doing
basically Activision flew a few of us
only me and dick from the Seidman out to
Switzerland while we flew to Aspen and
first where we got the jet to
Switzerland just now which is what
you've just seen then we've got a hotel
here for the night basically the jet of
that project and he was actually with us
on the plane if you saw him so we're
going to be going now to get some dinner
with the all the other guys Afrojack is
actually gonna be playing at 1:00 a.m.
at a festival really nearby so we're
gonna go straight to that that will
finish about 2:30 a.m. and then I'll
probably need to sleep it goes until
5:00 but my flight sir something like
9:00 a.m. I've only had about two hours
sleep he is so awesome to be able to
come to places normally I don't do stuff
like this on the very organized guy so
it's like if there's a plan he has to be
way in advance for me to actually go if
I ever get enough money to buy a private
jet that's the first thing I'll buy and
then I will invite any of you on and
then yeah dinnertime now and then we go
straight to the festival and I will show
you all of that hopefully in there side
you have to bring my camera finally food
just like that I'm fed up on two
components nice Scala is love is a dark
well so jolly bar goes to when we were
younger
some of us went outside fix our finger
things but most
I'm doing this
I students finish and now we are headed
in here the Afrojack trial a black ops 3
my remaining love
Oh
that only films Bay suddenly some time
to feel free ends enjoyment that I
meself stay suddenly some time to feel
free and enjoyment that I'm the subspace
Sinisa I know that is it that I complain
about getting up early they're
complaining about having to go to my lap
like where you go inside okay
oh do you mean I'm going home to borrow
a person make videos I'm making video no
I said and I said and make video this
man knows we're back at the hotel I
gotta be up in five hours to get a taxi
a wrap and yeah we're not getting that
rallying back unfortunately yeah I
really wish you over we're not flying
straight back to London
yeah yeah going up to the room and we're
going now they got to get a taxi earlier
the last so they were going group hug Oh
kidding me oh no I hot for group oh no
you just smell bad guys I just want you
to know that I am gonna put this a black
and white and adds that music
you like what you see so they just get
into my room for laugh of me but they
got this whole lounge area god I got
Barbie
oh no oh they do have a balcony oh right
I'm back in my room and it is about half
past two is actually about Hoppus 3 -
the clock just went back so yeah an
extra hours of sleep which I've wasted
any really waste I've been sign a
quibble and slow go man's room or Josh
and Julie if you just been talking for
like an hour and a half is always good
to see people I I don't I didn't
actually know like Ollie or Brandon mess
yourself and master all much by that's
tossing them quite a lot during this so
it's always good to come to supplies cuz
I would actually have talked to people a
lot more than just you know Twitter just
a couple tweets and now I am absolutely
naked I don't know how can wake up in
how long will I have to wake up in five
hours I'm going to stop talking now and
go to bed and then tomorrow we fly back
so I can edit this Rob make a GTA video
and do another random game so goodnight
and it's the morning right I'm me and
Vic are headed off the others have
already gone as I said last night we're
headed for the airport and then we fly
back home so I can edit this as I've
already said I've already said all this
stuff boys what are all
I was gay right so we pretty much slept
the whole flight we've got our Kasbah
and we are back in going home to make
more videos now and we back at the house
and I'm just gonna end it there
basically so thank you guys for watching
and thank you guys for letting me be in
a position where I can do stuff like
this I'm not gonna bother talking for
very long because I'm kind of tired and
yeah can I just go edit this video now
so thank wasn't and soup oh no no I am
literally breaking it right now oh my
god what is going on what is what is
happening
how has he even got jobs on that women
no doctor laughs 40 frickin oh he's
always lovely little Oh
