um the very best the very best there we
go what's going on guys welcome back to
that's what I thought I asked you guys
who I should buy and I said name one or
two players at max I only put one finger
up you didn't notice that you were a
little sneaky devil you the top comment
was actually to get three players it's
actually up there than a white point
it's down there Tommy and Shaw and
Jerome as I said in the last one I don't
know if you have enough coins to buy any
one right now but if I win one game or
get two points I have enough for at
least one player so we're going into the
first game we need two points as I've
said in division eight teams looking
good let's just play hi his team's
amazing I'm screwed literally dying miss
what's up
 you know let's try this okay maybe
I can do something maybe i cap maybe
yeah
ah you see that wait come back corn up
we'll take a corner this is this alright
it's a good start let's seen that look
at that and then edge take touch
come on a Zuni come on Sozzani two's all
day oh I don't know his real name guys
I'm sorry wallets okay he's gonna pass
these he's gonna have to put what a
challenge there we go
well then we listed it whoa just inches
inches George George George Wow
thank you George you could score this
yeah now he thinks I'm gonna do that now
thinks I'm gonna do that but not that
was absolutely aside I understand
sometimes I'm amazing but George
sometimes I'm not let me take a touch
shoot
I need a freaking gold this is painful I
know you're just gonna do a big touch
ready wait for it he's going down the
line he's gonna go down the line again
okay maybe not maybe you should have oh
no no I am literally breaking it right
now oh my god
what is going on what is what is
happening how has even got charged to
wrap women
no don't girl a fatty Ricky no he's
always lovely little oh I'm on the
wrong controls or something
right George best George best George
bass George bass it's Noah Noah just me
you can't beat no it's ridiculous
please laughs a teen look how tall he is
look how frickin toys again you can't be
annoyed that that punch didn't actually
make sense last time and I don't know
how I do
Noah it's just been a dead gang
realistically second half let's go baby
turn in no wait and still going he's
still going suck that's mine my free how
is he go free kick from that Oh bollocks
no no no no no no no oh my god oh no
please no I know he's going down I know
where he's going but I just can't stop
him because he's got freaking insane
players there we go right you know what
roulette brunette aah roulette no I did
what too many damn me and my abilities
to not do this what English we get now
listen no not there George you're George
best you should know you should have a
brain for yourself legend should come
with a free brain in this episode just
win one game and I am promoted and I can
afford the players I want oh please
please go on please
no laughs at ease such a heavy touch
senior fuzz I know what the Frick is
that George George George George best I
literally I had so much time I should
just fake shooting inside and that was
it I don't know what to do
there's nothing to do these I'm not
gonna win ahead of noise there of course
he is Oh for a you know you know
this to goal yeah especially we're
tackling like that pattern so don't bow
no it's a corner in the 90th minute it's
a goal yeah okay never mind
wait if he makes a bad touch what about
please no eyes these commies karmis and
draw I need one more Blaine and I get
the freakin title this is so annoying
cuz I've literally gone from winning
every game to disconnecting one and then
drawing two in a row where I'm gonna
have to play with this team and then by
fitness card just for George best
afterwards as well but I only have to
draw one game and I get the title well
this one's a lot more manageable but um
still with us still a very good team
there's no Neuer at least I'm stopping
that now hi lads let's go let's do this
come on where do we go where do we go
no all right it's worked out it's kind
of what's I it's kind of there we go
as it is it's working out it's working
out boom corner power side max great all
take a touch by one but no why did you
just you take such no okay we are really
really struggling oh my god no no no no
no stay back
this spine the spine what was I defender
doing oh my god how does he keep doing
it not nice done he's done me really
well but this has going really really
badly today I blame Red Bull blaming
second touch know Joe chick is up just
right foot come on queasy come on come
on no no no how is that such a bad place
but his team is actually amazing I don't
know how and I don't know what is with
this my defenders just running him I
honestly didn't do that I swear I swear
I didn't do that
ah my plays my players are lacking in a
billet please can I have a go please
please please pretty please
bang that's so slow just get a good
strike George good call George come on
No
no what have I done what have I done
what do I done why did I even do that I
am on defensive and yet my defense is
constantly being up this is
actually ridiculous I don't I've lost
I've lost my first actual game this is
the first time I'm actually gonna lose
yes fellaini is the that's been
screwing me all day who see how is he
doing that hard time and I thought I was
being destroyed but it's actually pretty
even please please please please please
please please
that's the one that's what George I will
do whatever it takes to get you back
into this
this is wrong you're on your own bang
that is the worst shot I've ever seen in
my life our bullets no no no what's he
going for what is he gonna lay it off if
you're gonna let is off no you hit the
bar with batting okay whip it in with it
in go on go on son
I'm back maybe Fellini
Fellini piss off that's a great ball
that's a rebel
you just missed from there I actually do
miss levity for Lainie keeping up with
George Bester you mad yeah you got yeah
you think I'm gonna that's a foul Ref
why we have a little chance to a little
chance here Judah boom Oh Oh am I not
scoring now he's got Danny Welbeck just
well I'm not even saying they might get
rid get rid none enough yes hey is that
is that another game did I just draw
again I've actually just drawn two games
in a row I think I deserved it I think I
deserve to win regardless we won the
title that's all that matters we got
four thousand coins extra it hasn't won
too well today but we got what we needed
Luke Shaw was one of the names you
wanted me to get and I'm gonna end just
because I literally don't have any
defenders on the left side next up was
darmian and I'm gonna get him because
that just gives me a lot more chemistry
I think and lastly we're gonna get
Cameron Jerome but this is purely so
that we have two players now upfront and
that is just the earth as a backup
welcome to our best team this is what
it's looking like so next up I think we
obviously need the center mid or centre
back I only have enough points one
player to only mention one top comment
will be the one I choose say guys for
watching up sorry we drew two games
today bit can't win everything they
fortune as well and soup oh god yes that
still that's why you shoot because he
doesn't have a freaking goalkeeper look
at him look at the finesse like I think
a good goalkeeper with a sabre I want to
see JJ realizes that I don't have a
golden baby
i Blasi plus it takes
