yo what's going on guys welcome back to
another tops kick video today I have
played the main man himself JJ I haven't
played JJ on this FIFA yet so I'm really
interested to see how this goes if
you're gonna how top skits works it's
basically like a fantasy football mr.
speaker book so you open cakes and get
players they get you points from real
life events we are only focusing on the
packs for today because we're building
the team but obviously we have to make
the team's first then I'm gonna be
opening two of these packs seven cards
in each so we have a total of 14 players
all from the ppl make a squad out of
that three subs the loser has to discard
their entire team so if you get someone
sick like hazard or a Guerra or
something you will have to discard them
but you can also choose to go in form
and stuff so yeah that's just look like
increasing the amount you just got so we
are going for the first pack here we go
to be PL fever-pitch pack 5000 here we
go seven cards I just want a goalkeeper
because you have to use the team Danny
Rosa's my first friend who's next three
two one
I know him but I don't want him this
team's gonna be so bad please this team
is so bad okay that is a very good card
but we friggin need a goalkeeper who
else don't tarry mister steal yo girl
Troy Deeney me a striker
that's facet 4 pack 1 nice pack - here
we go ha ha I need a goalie robert hooke
really oh yeah just like I said girls
don't know no that's more to discard oh
no no I'm Bemba oh no and I thought I
don't have a goalkeeper Jen body Aaron
Lennon but of a goalkeeper ha and I'm a
goalkeeper
have a goalkeeper I have hazard and a
sill and who else did I get Aaron Lennon
John Terry Michael let's build the team
this team is ERK 97 chemistry because we
don't have the manager we've agreed on
that we have the three subs here we got
Scott Sinclair and Bemba and Jose Luke
Robert who think oh we got the solid
defense we got the way we got everyone
into our positions except the goalkeeper
alas we have mr. steel you're going
centre back we've got the Masterclass
man and Messer
up still what in can we have even a
hazard or Eden Hazard at left mid we've
got some paces while we study em as well
for chemistry over Jose Lou we're
allowed to make subs but only those
three I'm feeling comfortable I died the
goalie which is very very worrying but
we have a good chance I just don't want
to discard that as if he averages even
worth let's have a look 300 okay 300k
that's not too bad but it's still
unnecessary let's do this
ISO first look at his team and he
doesn't have a goalkeeper he's got two
right mid-space got the okay so - right
mids playing up front but he has the
pace of waka he's got Bo lassies got
yaya tour√©
the Yaya's who we want to make him
discards well yeah I'm so excited and
nervous at the same time for this let's
do this bro come on come on JJ hi let's
do this stay calm Simon stay calm no I
know I know what you're doing I know
what you're doing I know I know how you
play I know how you play
do you now I play Jeet oh nice go right
back though got frickin hazard has a dog
okay alright let's go whoa he's nervous
wait a second he doesn't have a
goalkeeper why am I not shooting okay
this is getting a bit tense out no no
okay wait it's my setup is faster oh
poor no dating do you phone the ball you
little Agron puzzle until first no just
hit the doggy yes does have a goalkeeper
I'm hoping that he doesn't realise my
tactic by shooting early I was actually
really close Oh
yes that still that's why you shoot
because he doesn't have a frickin
goalkeeper look at him look at the
finesse like I think a good goalkeeper
with a saber I want to see JJ realizes
that I don't have a goal can be either
high velocity velocity keeps whoa maybe
I do have a goalkeeper
hi I'm really starting to get a hang on
this game you know what you know what
Axl Basu boy came out he was running out
there where we go yeah that's what I
thought jeez that's what I thought
boom run run run run Leland would it I
thought that once I'm gonna try this I'm
gonna no no wait boom go they go they go
look that's fine that's fine
daddy Rose with the left you have a good
left foot no no no don't give it no oh
 he's good at free kicks
I got we're on the line stay on the line
down the line say that ok yeah y'all
sorry jump ok I take what I said about
him being good at free kicks back oh my
god looks like I'm keeping my in Hazzard
at the moment but it's only halftime and
I'm only one nil up and I still have a
goalkeeper but he has only had one shot
and it was that free kick I know my
shots all really far out but it doesn't
understand a goalkeeper I'm whispering
to systems heads let's go let's round
two no no oh oh no the game is changing
our to the stop I really should stop and
get the shot Robert who's to mate you
let me down right let's play slower
please slow how is he getting out of
this don't lay him out don't let him out
of this don't let him out no yeah that's
or thought Troy Deeney
true Dini brazen no way right now
come on that silk lame on again playing
on and you don't go get more you know go
give up there was this aced it Oh didi
hassel oh ok
what no I did not pass that there at
self ordain a white one I should have
been a Goldy me you're a striker oh no
oh no no no Darian I'd have a goalkeeper
but you don't have a freakin right
meters a right mid that angry he gets
the worse he plays good buddy come on
buddy come on wait wait I was er yes
wait he does have a goalkeeper he'll
never go ever yeah how's he get out of
this I'll sit again wait to shoot leavin
the target yeah buckets that's annoying
really you're doing this just rub it in
that was neat was right yeah yeah yeah
he doesn't know he doesn't know he
doesn't know where I'm going
yeah he's actually lost but no that's a
pen I mean about anything geez gee no no
yes come on okay teeny teeny no teeny no
bad Dini bad Dini oh no no
take him down no okay okay what the
Frick is easier in jju what the hell man
you're a good player but what are you
doing there
haha ah d-day just dating in the 92nd
minute body riding like four tackles and
then Dini
reaching madly no yeah yeah
hey no dude hey Bill you know me Burke
you help I don't know what you're
talking about hold you back oh
I was trying to score but wha Oh dick I
that's up my video today mostly check
out Jaden tops kick in the description
they watchin and see up damn awful and
we're not getting anyone good today 79
rates players are the best things I've
got so far I mean I've got 183 181
nothing that's it I feel like I should
be able to make a joke out of him but I
think it's beard speaks for himself so
the last pack of the 25k packs is Harry
Kane Harry Kane it gets me another 79
rated player ok is lit Steiner but an 82
still guess
