should we do this now look at this team
in a week we have April we have Naima we
have Marcelo and we have purple which
now them which everyone says I say wrong
I'm sorry as I've already shown there
are 10 25k packs so Hat numero uno here
we go
we go in for the 10 packs we may have to
open some more if we don't get anyone
but al available available
really
there's really I got paler than one of
that jokes well how did he disappear -
he was so good a while ago when I was a
great star but we have another Oliver
Pike and here we go I love I love I love
I love I love I love I love I love we
get we get Ramirez who's actually a
pretty decent player does these sell for
anything more okay you know what we'll
just keep them we'll keep them for now
the rest of you can leave I Harry Kane
doesn't normally get me anyone good can
he turn it around today with a friggin
informant he gives me an informer I will
love him I don't love him my rich CEO
more at Mauricio these packs are
absolutely shocking
I got a dragon in Russia a fire bleeds
dragon how many times I question why do
alibi olive olive olive olive olive
olive olive olive olive olive ah really
start get pissed off now Alaba these
packs are absolutely shocking I'm
getting more silvers it's gotta be done
no look this dot please we're gonna wait
for I know 10 to 15 seconds and then we
are going to discard it please
don't give me like an e Brenau oh my god
Eva I think I might cry I'll see you
afterwards I'm hoping I'm hoping you
seen everyone now and they are now gone
hi anyone wondering why did that is so
that ei reward me with an in-form right
now Leonor messing up ladies on the
front so he gives me an in-form
out boom done that's an informed Maxwell
what are these parts get a beautiful
whose name is the same as boobs oh by
God do what the Rick can I usually do it
this reason believe can I have something
good I should gonna put a five
seventy-nine minutes or so gold no one
else who's salmon I get I hate fish
she'll go in I honestly thought that was
gonna be like sick I mean Khedira is
still better than anything I've got it's
still the right Marcelo all the right
Robinho and it's not even can see us I
think it's time to accept that these
packs are just damn awful and we're not
getting anyone good today 79 rated
players are the best things I've got so
far I mean I've got 183 181 nothing
that's it I feel like I should be able
to make a joke out of him but I think
it's beard speaks for himself so the
last pack of the 25k packs is Harry Kane
Harry Kane it gets me another 79 rated
player okay rich Steiner but an 82 still
 guess I'll keep him you know what
I'm actually proved that these packs are
better okay seven and a half K pack here
we go watch this Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba wa we get a rest really I
don't I don't care that he's only 78
rated we got a rare okay yeah is pretty
 but still around a 7 Hulk a pack
and now agüero can I get to resin a row
- resident wrong weekend another F and
it's it's Andy Carroll
to go and allow it to raise in a row
though I told you these packs are
genuinely better Harry Kane on the front
and he gets me forget another Oh be
similar to I've already got baru happily
accepted again
yeah the Chancellor listen you know what
I think that's three packs will open to
these and we open 10 of the narshall so
maybe I should I've already got better
in these but let's carry on anyway Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba we get a
monk I'm the Oliver Pike so on today
this is pack number 5 adding alibis it's
not another rare cadiz have gone a bit
downhill now spec 7 I don't know we're
gonna say pack 7 agüero on the program
Tiago III grades
I got 183 raid in the whole of the 25k
packs and he goes for like 10 12 KH
effectively the same as a Khedira pack
numero eight we have Leonel messy he
gives me an a' for burg a no with dope
there's so many bad rez like that that's
disgusting I quite like it though I'm
actually gonna keep that kid an ultimate
pack here we go can we get anything
please freezin please
 it oh no my controls Berkowitz this
way plus one missus oh I can't believe
it I go freaking proper witch doubt him
my face is bright red right now I'm
frickin almost gone how much does he go
bonza go
it's not as much as sample as I've had
but okay now it's a purple I'm taking
him without even cares about this last
pack we just pack a purple which now
them sorry I'm saying is a Mong I don't
care we generally now get is that well
in Wellington anyways that is now with
the controllers out of reach
thank you guys for watching me no messy
finish you off with a nice little right
wing back who we get those that Perez
but dies over the day thank you guys for
watching I have just proven EA or I
don't know I wanted to say scums but but
I'll let you figure out what it is EA or
blank let me know in the comments thank
you guys for watching now my mother's
having and soo oh no got a lot of quick
players
what the hell where's this guy come from
oh no not really
to shoot it from that angle right where
we go well he got alright George George
bust is so freakin God to eight minutes
it again and I'm one nil up right where
me and player okay hi George
just at us took a deflection of my own
player oh no
