Redemption time I am back with Josh last
time we lost the last time we actually
got to choose the theme this time we're
using the dice we don't know how it
works busy you get five options on
everything so the formation and every
play get five options we're gonna roll
the dice whatever number it says it
corresponds to what play or whatever we
get the six obviously means we get to
choose ourselves so last time we lost
Josh this time we actually are going to
have a worse team and I'm good at both
teams will sleep no see
okay so choosing the formation you go
away this as well but listen wait that
over six six okay I choose right yeah
three five two sure yeah yeah what it's
like I hate three at the back fine so if
I turn and the only ones you want that
we want a Thiago Silva the back goes
alright server
yeah Oh Robbie probably the worst was
the worst one no cuz hope wouldn't fit
in the formation left right left striker
we're going for all who do you want on
they're all rubbish catalog blue okay
wait what
six do you want it yeah no yes the
yellow only on for CDM okay go first
Oh free don't otherwise Gus it could be
worse alright mignon let's Yanis to
doing worse all right so what position
do you one goalkeeper gaga it's a five
the last one I mean nobody's but yes
it's alright are you done exactly what I
try to do try to get no one that links a
little bit other CDM pressure you want
alleles for but and a that is absolutely
shocking team is actually know let's say
leak we knew that right striker go right
striker so we get my own life I honestly
didn't care
you betta bitch right left center back
there we go done is one one one oh ah we
could have got the others which are
gonna steal your girl which one you want
force right-center back okay go is one
Martinez left MIT oh no it's gone what
is it
oh oh oh bubble without it isn't of us
to quand la cam yuria can look right can
it
ah it's by ah this team isn't it isn't
good last position we're going for six
we have to choose I know they can't see
over the six oh that one that one we go
with him alright so josh is gonna do the
entire subs and reserves and I'm gonna
do the choosing of the player so you
ready best roller got three two one go
see that wasn't even a roll through it
again that wasn't a roll you cheated
three Bravo all right um and six who do
we want oh we don't I don't want to
write that yeah we could use a new pit
for you five News you said kept on thick
oh yeah and three the song good next one
it's barely on it so no balls
Leonce to me she just you're terrible
this for so Reese next one oh okay gosh
I will see that he is very so here or an
elder
can a pretender order suit next one
let's go great name get a hundred out of
here an hour and then full-name while
Santi Cazorla really nobody okay go
it's a to zu carlos vela that'll go so
four which is a machine up next one is
five oh and yet your money on this one
six anyone wants I say petrol for me
yeah let's go thank you good one sit
please let's see what we up is those
even Zarko early any point free manager
oh one yeah mum alright so we're going
to try and build the best team possible
and we will be back in how many second
Oh for 30 seconds and we're back with
the best team we could possibly get we
think I know someone's gonna probably
try and great prize but this is the best
team we think we've got 91 chemistry 81
right if we lose with this we don't
really have an excuse we always have
been looted sure I've chipped my now
dreaming eyebrow right let's go into the
game alright so he has Oh
Lewandowski and let's go to us yeah yeah
yeah he's a gamer game night
all right George you ready are we
straight like what I'm stretching this
game seriously - oh okay yeah that's
come on you didn't do that last time we
lost
oh for not sure why that boss not sure
why I'm blue yeah
don't know done I don't see where are
you I can't get are you am I playing
yes yes use that to say that erodible
boom
get up boss don't blame me so she let
the thumb be of through the back Josh
this this is why I hate having three the
back is fine ladies crap okay
okra no losing weight block it
oh my daughter you ran left of him or I
dressed tackle and he just jumped I feel
like I'm not playing the game right now
you're the right controls now he's the
wish you know I know excuses now maybe
one voice as well oh we're getting shot
on your game no no the same team you
didn't stretch enough see it looked bad
you want it Elliott update all day
though there come on boy in there come
on like no team already lost it you
can't log in to pitch some reason what
do you want about that some orange like
they're going around like that ways it's
like cowboy kick fucking Cowboys yeah
alright there we go
so you're playing up you play now look
blue you're that good come on what
something there yeah oh yeah what are
you laughing about
Oh chuckles I know that I just know my
bird that's going to go too high oh um I
did like oh my god the game is good for
I'm sorry guys what's up then yeah yeah
yeah we go alright I try to try it man I
tried oh look at that poor that done
why you not just passed it I didn't know
the dory
nope I leave I love boats going on hello
I don't know how he didn't school shout
anything oh no that's great
why are you not getting what is going on
tackling me have you talked with
yourself
No ah this is great defending what are
you doing there is make it a little
silly how's it where's my bag what a
rose would it have been
bright we've reached our time and I
don't honestly know how we're winning
get on the line Georgia line good okay
counter counter right you're unable to
win out up there you go there you go run
wait I'm sure God will you I'll go off
the pitch don't just keep running they
good
Hey okay you're not Eve last name oh
okay
to something that what you put you mean
ed observed it you walk back just like
moths mark run oh you're a damn i yeah
yeah but how back in talent little ugly
oh yeah oh yeah
boom chatted over you guys oh that's a
boss oh crap it move no good oh yes
written i clear there you go i star with
a little can
no Eddie quickly Oh Bravo stop making
that joke yeah I'm for dismissed of all
it literally just died fast it not Bravo
I was the opposite of Bravo boo
what did it give me the ball no it's
shown you guys where were we no where
were you running around the word all you
said to me was just good just go that's
what you said yeah I don't know what to
do after that
exactly so am I gonna know you're the no
no no nor me nor see put on notice then
we're gonna know it you step come on
norty we're almost done we lost er I
know a lot about Black Duck no wait up
Oh chicken wait get up that is a desk
taking a long time why using fillet
Queen why'd you quit for those you ain't
quit you did why have quit wait weapons
it's a blame within really going we
didn't even get a get the cow if you
guys want to see me and Josh try this
again whether you want to sees a new
team or that team again without snow
rocket oh yeah or a different type of
way of choosing our team last though
anyway we gonna go to a video and just
show which you can check out the
description on his channel that is all
for today
hey guys watching at seal this is great
fun isn't it what bomb breakers got
Manny Manny
Manny Manny how can you score from side
yards and not score that please don't
score a corner please don't score corner
no one scores corners on this game look
out my way are you a little bit why
would you run out there
yeah I'm not enjoying this team
whatsoever I'm not enjoying this why you
better get out
