Oh was that yeah we back but we don't
have any coins said last time that I was
gonna have to buy a fitness card and a
contract and an injury card so we have
about eight hundred coins
luckily the top comment was to sell the
entire team of buy this team but as I've
said before I don't do that I'll buy a
player I will sell a couple players I
will change formation a fee but buying a
whole new team and selling an entire
team man don't care about all that even
the second top comment was this and I
yeah actually came out the other day so
feel free to check that out but for now
we're back to rear division if we win
both games today than we have the title
and we win a whopping four thousand
coins so it isn't the team isn't the
best possible team we could play you
need to let me know what one player I
can Barton Game one and we are playing
this weird team I actually don't
recognize those limited realize you guys
I don't recognize any of his players
like a couple of them I do but not many
so this game could be interesting Oh
George you know what okay go take a
corner we don't take corner we'll take
my ball but that's my ball give me the
ball
how is he got how has he got all of that
oh my god Oh max max oh eight minutes in
and max grader was already scored a
beauty all turning but let no that's not
the player I wanted to collect up
although although although oh okay that
was very very slow get that look it that
make oh my god how the hell was he got
thrown go hunting the mourned you
beautiful man mainly because he lives
like me or whatever off in right turn
George that's a foul that's a red he's
how is there not read those last man
what's up but what is good why are your
the Florida
fine look at that good juice best
those who knew already oh no great
challenge that was risky I never
normally slide in the area
hey boss it possible for a lofty claim
in Oh George Stickle ago I last chance
laughs last chance but no red corner
I'll take a corner here in the 45th
minute if this works now this would be a
genius genius goal bird that was one of
the worst corners I've ever taken in my
life the game has been pretty slow but I
definitely deserve to be winning was it
in positive positive um off but oh yeah
I was ha ha ha ha ha
George best oh ha ha
three-nil say what George best is really
ever since someone said put him as a
right forward he's really coming to his
own cub run run run run please lalana
where's your pace where's your base
Alanna what does the slowest run ever
wrote a contraction all that's happening
is pen revs you see that on Georgia
right and then thriller ok you George
best doing a flip flap not sure never
seen that before
ours or free-kick I judge best again but
this time farther out he's done it again
whichever it's a very good effort
oh oh oh I'm on my free kick all right
well I went to the freakin I'll take
really wah wah wah George best with that
trick for Neal game over that is the
game for now that's another win in
division 8 actually could have had an
easier game you didn't have a shot
that's game one done one more win and we
have the division 8 title we have to go
buy another contract I'm an idiot don't
agree with me but I didn't put a fitness
card on so everyone was really unfit in
that game now everyone's fit again right
now everyone is fit let's go for Game
two and the team we're facing 2 informs
and a lot of good players alright
there's a lot of sweaty players this is
a good test
hey I need I need an early goal again
an early goal oh no got a lot of quick
players
what the hell where's this guy come from
oh no not really just shooting from that
angle right where we go where we go all
right George George bust is so freakin
god eight minutes it again and I'm one
mil up all right Fleming and player okay
hi George George George for us took a
deflection of my own player oh no oh no
oh no oh no oh no we got a game a let's
let me blame it again George
don't call me sweaty all right it'll
just have to be done I'm in trouble I'm
in trouble I'm in trouble yeah go on
posit was that a pass or a shot this is
so nice it's literally I'm not I'm not
sure about it's defending defending is
very very questionable I mean I'm not
complaining I'm just saying all right
where'd he go telling that and then he
passed up and then turn back and then
George best with cradle got in the way
again
that's another block from my own player
I passed there then die oh that could
have been beautiful but he's stopped it
Oh although this could be beautiful boom
stop blocking everything just pull Oh Oh
what time how is this court house go I
don't know if I'm just playing really
bad people he's going for it you've
actually gonna shoot that please oh my
god and a little bit confident me on you
getting a little bit confident we have
to score another okay that's that's even
now where's he
are they getting away how is he getting
away how's he getting on today's
shooting is diabolical
I thought it was just this defending but
it turns out of attacking as well whoa
oh no okay maybe maybe the game is on
maybe the game is on and he is attacking
is actually alright Oh George good I
know you put the post again I love
but what is that for sure oh my fuckin
bullets that's not I'm drawing to this
oh my god please please please please
I'm actually gonna draw this game please
us what that's not even where I passed
it is it just not sit actually fucking
join a game are we haven't but we pretty
much have now we out fucking out smoking
out this guy oh my god that's the first
game we haven't won that or been
disconnected how do I draw that how do I
draw that game the record of only
winning is ruined and I need 2 points
the next episode I will get promoted as
long as I don't lose both then I will
have at least 5000 coins let me know who
you want me to buy only one maybe two a
stretch players let's watch it and see
what no you see that dive no that dive
was mad no not doing that to me
go yeah okay come on dear Custer come on
ah it's beautiful right yeah that's what
I thought so what's up
bang it cross habbo something yeah I
bought it from there and then no even
wrap back shit
