okay so it's now my birthday and Josh
told me he has bought me a present
so yeah apparently he's outside with my
present I'm ready
show me my present no wait what
nice wait where's the present I have to
clean this shit up for my birthday it's
actually sad that that's why I wanted to
it's not appreciate it's sad I actually
wanted to my birthday see whether I
think I know where this is gonna hide
mannequins don't know coming this early
makes me feel I have fucking today you
too boy you're going quick we're going
for a four-minute video how many of them
out you're going YouTube yeah yes all
right you ready as you touch can you
throw it oh you serious I think I get
are you good
I love his ability to cuss me
wait wait you guys hear that Jilla did
you hear that is I heard he's gonna try
and block you fillet that is a
terrifying mirror this is there's too
many rocks oh yeah but I just want to
say in the most honest and genuine way
possible on this site you will gorgeous
your face your smile your lips your eyes
and your whole body is absolutely
beautiful so we're gonna get on the
comment here haha and from what I've
seen of you you seem like a lovely
person
your smile says a lot you are so so so
pretty and you have every reason to love
yourself I wish you the best
you are kinda pretty now I'm gonna say
porn I'm gonna say this is an overly
amorous porn find myself on both faces
yeah you're not gonna say anything about
my smile you know my face my lips my
eyes my whole body can push it was
mini mentor exposed
he's a neo-nazi and a racist I don't
know where this is coming from here and
today I'm just fucking furious like oh
my god I don't know if you guys have
ever actually like looked at his
featured channels side by side men Plus
like Jesse I'm a wait wait wait wait
wait what what were those am i black how
to make a big weed what fuck penis
bubbler in his future channel popped up
that's fucking great my question is why
is Hitler verified sure there's no
there's no Hitler channel there's no one
just called Hitler
it's actually really weird that there's
someone subscribed there's 1,200 people
subscribe to a channel called paddle
Hitler Adolf Hitler's subscribe to
christian christina perri Adolf Hitler
added one video to favorites Green Day
holiday I'm gonna just get back to what
I was doing this is this is got weird
rail riders thank you for telling me
your tactics
okay do your face
well you miss your pitch you all things
well you weren't you once penalty where
you right now just imagine this as
either right the same what my gender pay
this is imagine imagine 8,000 people see
in your head absolutely crunch up up
the work that went into that honestly
we've been flying over so long well
Simon enjoy cleaning you said you could
wait oh that's mad because I'm going now
so if you just take this yeah seriously
I hate all of you
cuz we're cool
Wow okay now I've just found out from
someone very close to our friend mr.
splinter he uses a ginormous butt plug I
didn't know that I stopped the entrails
of these rusty sheriff's badge from
floppy now and the reason he uses his
butt plug but my demeanor it's because
his fans have got their tongue so far
shoved up his Gary Glitter they're
tickling these tonsils were there no he
bits so his fucking heresies spread that
wide apart like a clown's pocket or
Wizards cup with a son of commandos
sleeping bag they're all falling out so
he has to use his ginormous butt plug to
stop the shit falling out of his ass cuz
it keeps on coming out of his mouth
copyright music let's just do sense of
that was screaming got ya
boom-boom yeah you uh oh
I'm hoping to be the last one fell in
that nah man I mean it was alright
okay yeah yeah yeah yes I'm gonna be
able to tell the fourth cart down here
okay by looking at the fourth card down
there okay so one two three four Queen s
plate fourth card down one two three
three one this one yep this one though
yep is what the Queen of Spades the
Queen of Spades yep
and there you have it the Queen of
Spades I mean no matter how do you magic
no no more magic but you know we just do
it balance and strength you know that's
how you do it
happy birthday Josh I got you a new TV I
know because I just got it for you no no
I just got this D Josh
I thought you'd be grateful for this you
know it's your birthday and everything
yeah but I can't record this on your
birthday and still get out so I need
this for the tide just accept it just
say just say thank you we can move on
yeah what this is sick wait I'm ignoring
the lyrics right now
this is sick look at that they got
corners no no I want to clear this up I
knew JJ was filming a music video I knew
who a lesser was and I knew it said
featuring didn't know she was head I
mean one JJ is enough for me I'm just
saying I don't want more of him but
that's it especially the way they all
start rapping look okay so the only way
to shut JJ up is to rap okay I know that
for you right you could be any superhero
who would you be and why
let's go cuoco that's not a superhero
that's a Super Saiyan yeah funny yeah
the Silver Surfer you know he's kind of
cool yeah yeah he doesn't have any
powers got lots of money spider-man but
then that's also boring Oh as a boy yeah
you start talking Matz and your mouth
you're done
I had floor well that sexual harassment
so that's sexual harassment Jane he
comes well I don't want to know
I heard you open that door society opens
this door he's gonna he's gonna see me
what did you bang against this I was
moving this Oh
I've probably broken something in here
I've been like sat on the place
in three woods
Southwest Airlines is incredibly
mediocre but god damn it they have the
best peanut Southwest air that's very
random you know I just feel like a pawn
it's porn it's God because he said that
they're thinking this is a Southwest
plane you are correct
three out of three is that for the
perfect star boy disgusting just I
overthink it just go first mistake we
said no because he know my first things
YouTube when you want me to lose I guess
a porn yeah I make it it was good now
you know you get top line if you die
does Simon have nice feet still do I
have nice feet mmm the world's alright
left ones of it just cuz of the nail oh
yeah I think just the way of toes well I
ask you a few quick questions
alright what is in the middle of America
the very the very middle of America he
didn't like your question I should have
got fun I think I heard of g7x I farted
in that other smell
I think someone by that
yeah oh my god I heard the lens closed
and I was like misleading thumbnail no I
was gonna say you're not very misleading
since you became a reaction challenge
just trying to think of what clique
paintings are actually done this moving
thumbnails
okay so I'm just gonna say that's you
that's me yeah I'm gonna say to you my
second channel I throw Jay Paul everyone
I mean you're going to just let that
bounce really didn't know your ally of 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30
31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43
45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 oh my god nah no
cut out stop
yeah we lost microphone Oh too lazy I
hate talking I'm sitting on my pit
that's just just too much information
it's actually more effort to type so
yeah yeah way
