yo what's up guys and welcome to
something that I have just made up
basically it's a pretty simple idea the
50k pad challenge there is a 50,000
coins pack out right now it's the first
50k pack that's been out since this
thief has come out obviously people have
got them through the drafter but this is
the first one ei have released and there
is a 16-week because there is that Noah
does a yama t neo gold in all there so
what i am gonna do is to decide whether
i keep the contents of my 50k pack i'm
gonna open it and build a team out to 12
players you get I don't get a goalkeeper
I'm screwed play one game if I lose I
just got the entire team so I could get
in for Moya and I have to discard it if
I lose although hopefully if I get in
for no I shouldn't lose so here we go
the 50k pack I'm not gonna look I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna open the pack and
then see what comes up it's done lose
what so long good I need some I need a
goalie that's what I need okay I'm gonna
turn round in three two one
you know what I got a goalkeeper Diego
Costa eyes we go okay well let's let it
out we got senator CDM CDN Pam left mid
cm we die is an absolutely shocking pack
okay this theme is gonna be a little bit
hard to build but let's see what we can
do as I normally a playing three of the
back okay but this time I'm kind of
forced to one of them is actually left
back so
this is my team I mean we have 70
chemistry and it's a rye we have some
players that are decent I don't really
know what else to say about this team so
if I want to keep my Diego Koster I have
to beat this team why are you playing
single matches you know what no that
team isn't that good I can be I let's do
this ladies please rubbish okay he was
when I back I let's do this let's go
where we go where we go all right all
right Diego Costa okay it's worked out
apply was it and then what boom go one
nail one nail it's done I told you I
knew that was coming before
uh-uh uh-uh uh-uh yeah yeah I knew I
knew what was happening
no I just didn't want him to quit I told
you three in the back isn't good what
what what's a D by your a D by or a D
Brett fake shot in I edit puzzler no not
there you little don't okay in via no no
you know donut stop right you know what
Rev look at look at my shirt okay okay
okay all right boom that's just that's
too far all seeing the gap see look up I
do know I want my free kick give me Matt
thank you that would have been a wonder
strike not sure if Tim how it's gonna be
taking this okay
all right keep moving you all chemo in
your war mate there you go thank you
thank you cool cool I don't know why
movies well why are these shuffle in
this wall that way if you tried shuffle
in the back but it's a bit late as I
said it's too easy guys it's too
fricking it's don't flick and easy boom
okay
cut it by or you car fucking score Oh
boss Oh that'll be oh you just left poor
Mike all right paw push lever push me
always put in my shot yeah yeah that's
round one Adebayor
ah actually this one is a little bit too
ridiculous I got but now I further up
very badly I Diego cross I Diego got
that Diego custom what what why didn't
you do the skill I told you to do I even
make the sound effects oh you serious at
you are you see it
I've been dominating this game ah ha ha
what is wrong without it by all oh yeah
what the hell Tim Tim yeah that's what I
thought you can't fucking score Luke are
fucking score you're worse than the
striker they caught you by your high
alright unique ready oh no Diego Costa
was just running in oh my god that's
halftime at Zhao why am I not winning I
know it's pretty even but why am I not
winning you know what i'ma just go on a
mission right now
what's this okay not yet not yet cease
the charts take the meat dangle mmm give
me Oh lemon play min and then turn back
lemon what is that no this is actually
taking ridiculous I need a goal what is
going on no no don't you penny
no get rid whoa whoa I am NOT doing well
that's all please me off Tim you got big
shiny bald head and you climb and stop
that that made no sense
what not did you see that dying no that
dive was mad no not doing that's me yeah
yeah okay come on dear Casta come on ah
beautiful right yeah that's all thought
so what's up bang it across habbo
something yeah I bought it and going
there and then knowingly rap back
shit shit I'm in trouble I'm in trouble
in trouble no no no I'm in trouble if he
gets out of this I'm in trouble
Oh what am i dad alright come on pass it
in no you see it Oh we're smuggling done
so well there you know what Casa de love
it oh no oh yeah I swear by all is the
worst player ever
okay you know what we have a little
chance with a given little jar he looked
us okay it's a corner we've got a goal
to attacking now don't we
you know just put a pool in there please
and a bio you're like eight foot tall
really we have another corner why I was
taking the places there it is vegetable
vegetable there's more boys come to ball
because the man that I am realistically
playing for scored eighty eight minute
no way I've got another chance
I've got frickin another chance another
chance en let you think I'm turning in
I'm not I'm gonna whip one in wait wait
no oh okay thanks for time can we go
take some time we go takes this time and
my players are dead
hey man right look up look this is going
well this is going well Duggal week no
why does he keep shooting three go this
is where we play this is where we no no
you don't know what you're doing lads
you don't know what that is a fantastic
fat you just lose the ball straight away
hard time in actual town I don't ever
gonna be able to keep this Diego cos
that I deserve to be winning now then
hope she does just keep taking shots at
random Oh Barclay wait wait wait wait
right there is defender again how am I
not actually winning this game why he
brings a keeper out normally those boys
would be proud ah sugar no don't get
over free no yeah that's right my
defenders can block - bitch is down to
penalties so I'm taking penalties for
this man I am about they would please I
don't know why I'm hiding my controller
from you oh come on Baldy come on Bodie
boom okay Adebayor has struggled to
score the whole game now he's just a
prick I'm staying here spin it
yes is fucking ugly top right again top
right again oh okay he's going top right
you ready for this top right ah okay you
like shooting
that's the Duster ball
I am in such a good position if I can
save this and then school I win same and
score service cup it's best please if I
score I win we're going again just there
we're gonna top right with on top right
we win and we get to keep Diego Costa
just gonna throw it out there
deserved I'm just throwing it out there
you may disagree but I think it was that
means that I get to keep Diego Costa who
is worth 70 K which means actually made
a profit on that 50k pack 50k plaque
challenge is a tick we've done that if
the hunter k-pax come out I may try this
again hopefully getting informing that
but that's sort of the way thank you
guys for watching and see you this is
what my theme looks like woo my guess
this to you is a white I do say that I
have 100 chemistry Bob Corson we have
under chemistry because I go all the
positions and it's that all the same
league I mean you can have hundred Emma
Street as well wave really hope he
doesn't know anyway the main person that
I don't want to discard is David Silva
he went for around 70 cave and obviously
like the right and left back they were
like 20k 15k
