welcome back guys and as I'm sure you
are aware one person has to leave the
house a team haha but uh the person that
has left is Keanu foster trees alley or
Addison yeah there is a new rule in this
episode the man of the match of the
first game is immune from the vote and
he can also choose another person to the
immune from the vote so you guys ready
to hear the team yeah oh yeah yeah right
back today is Ethan but chip right there
the centre back for the right center
backdrop is this is what I'm thinking oh
right there's gonna be a striker spot
let down so I can just move up there I
don't your new spot the other sensor
that is swayback is way that's your
being wrong yeah the left back is no fee
for Manny oh mercy fix this are the
retards rock hey what you're saying CDM
is next and we have to buy us again much
like I did solid perhaps I did solid
right midfield is a a Oh taking out take
it I take I'm a monkey strike left mid
is ple
Addison game well I'm looking at right
now the good spots
cam is bazinga right striker is myself
this is actually solid team and my
playing like a is deserter
this yeah this is kind of great so we
have the team if ever wants to get their
positions and let's head into the first
game if we were gonna have any center
packs I would have taken Nevin yeah I'm
changing my name so I'm not gonna be
your skills like I'm being honest with
you I didn't want the bias to have
centered offensive bit I want to go good
cheese I've just seen a mother to work
on her baby
Halle get off my page hahahahaha no no I
get it
shit chip y'all never played it this
lucious you are you talking little baby
it's terrible let's go Yas way we
literally look identical
I really will get more cheer - yeah get
the fuck in wait what the hell man you
take my game face oh yes very really God
why don't what
it's that just coffee ha ha ha ha I am
the only black guy you caught vote for
me Oh baby I got this shit you got it
yes yes yes oh oh I've got the triple
see me no don't bang it bang it just
play it it's good it's good oh I took a
bomb big boys wha
you'll certain camera fucking to the
cows rooms
yeah was so ugly how we women centre
backs having a theory
oh yeah send that oh he's going hi
that's my boss
great well we've got 2000 got an assist
it doesn't matter
I got an assist and I'm the winger yo yo
yo yo yo yo lo fuck no all right get
back get back we gotta get that round
out less you crying on YouTube yeah oh
Jesus Josh you're so again what what way
ugly this is this is me we never go
clips oh my gosh is pathetic what was
that wait ready we have to be scoring
them who's red why are you Mazel so
that's me Oh should we be voting for you
Simon
ha I know I can't be oh no no thank you
they only handle of that great ha that's
okay nice hey Artie go for another cross
not my quality
oh hello haha very good chip oh my god
here we go to hell was that the problem
this late on is like little sleep before
I become 10-minute eyes on the road why
me why you left me fighting over left me
never heard of overlap oh no money the
hey oh oh oh oh your side I believe in
you
oh shit oh nice another why I'm clearing
our chocolate bucket you're knocking
that go in that's policy
my bar is literally empty
I can't even win this look my guys come
on it holy shit are we top it off I bow
pose this is begging oh my god I'm in
difficulty here for a decent ride the
temple church Jupiter rising single hi
I'm listen I'm at a cracker
he's wasted Betty oh I got him I got is
my guy doing what is that usual I'm in
an instant everything I've done goes
away I pulled up fam I pulled up Emma
pulled up
I'm so happy right now
Oh bullet jewelers my lady cut it for
you guys
get on it this does not count forgive me
if we're still losing because in
Sakhalin my name buddy you go to away
devastated that's the first game done we
need to decide on a man of the match
well seconds later since that everyone
is farmers like if that means Josh oh
you are immune from the vote whatever
happens this game plays our foyer which
Josh got a good look easy
oh my god pokemons back do I get any
sort of award for what I did met first
up yeah oranges late wait you have all
hours you advertise to the lowest weight
you have everyone's respect here you're
a champion that's all I want that's all
this is when do we get crumb champion oh
no I am a legend if swayback wasn't
placed in the back we was 86 like we was
fucked God that gives me so hard
hey no mean that with us yeah we have
eight and then we played well hey I love
Landry
represent a few very crazy jizz all
completely ignored money dude I was like
driving filters ever shit when you for
the last race you mean the shit bro you
want the lowest-rated
no FIFA speak up Josh get me the doctor
bl√§ttler hi oh then give little Josh
Ravin tell you get me the globe are you
shit look a bit oh boy because don't
show your memory no that shit stick play
by me one hit a girl
ah Joshy don't flames upon the flames
sure that would be bad oh good for us
watch it
Oh circa I try to hit the fucking swore
they'd scored the fucking our top goal
scorer but what's that sentence in
English just so you know I won that ball
back for us go on Josh good God
bingo oh my god have you super this is
your frog in there since when do you
balance a large it used to watch
Doggett's gone
oh well is that Jessica
okay I got it I got it nice auditioning
we never have to down swipe it it's
going on oh you're the only one that
keeps bringing that up promise I'm say
some change crucial ha ha ha
I'll say shit oh oh ha ha ha
looking control pauses videos first you
can't just make excuses so any reason ha
ha ha ha haven't seen you this game all
i ha ha ha ha
you should always be fluffy
opportunities why my defense is why my
left hand side yeah got that watch was a
hose line
how sweet just me like people get love
skills excuse ha ha ha that was a
vanessi because I really don't want to
vote BB way Kinetoscope what do you want
me to do I can assist in the last game
right calm down
no happening right now it's happening
ally ally bro get zone in one ago why
you guys say Ally Josh actually food do
I was a good runner ok give this offside
if Ali didn't get in Joker's way I put
sucker in and go he was one-on-one but
the Benicia halftime a 9 skills has the
lowest rating Oh
just throwing it out there yes I'm bad
chef I'm on again
just make sure I connect the pass here
oh shit Josh you still in yeah why have
I lost connection again what what why is
this a recurring theme or section again
oh no
i'ma come sit in Josh's room hey Josh oh
oh come on Josh
just go this is more pressure now just
defense to block off my mind no we're
going a spot you get on what run someone
comes short oh I'm coming sure I'm
coming short me go team - I don't fuck
up Oh Manny had at least six options
bingo - nah I could carry you that's
just very very valid yeah so it oh fuck
it up alligator I'm gonna go miss it up
myself I'm sorry go back to your rooms
already oh oh I think my money that
crust came from the right break his legs
buddy come on better you can't deal with
a red thank you Miss Pross ready for the
team oh my god whoa no Josh you're
trying to get me here let me just so you
know everything's happened down Manny
side of it okay it's wait I've been
productive
I'm actually saying much J'son is you've
done nothing middle I'm done fucking
everything to the team yes everything's
but happen to us I don't know
ah piano keys that chip to successful
okay there's no method but to me was you
know buddy okay buddy
Oh Jon Snow love you what to finish vote
for me right so now both games are over
Josh Zeca mmm-hmm you need to decide who
else can't be a sideman
role I've had many a bribe in my Skype
chats Wow who the from certain now very
shame I have a frightened
I'm gonna go ass over to our ball played
well like it was way way cool a the
votes are at Josh Zack up this way your
justice a super uber nepenthez you are
safest Anacin cube or lastly you only
just escaped this week yes a whoa hey
mine still no I'm not safe lemon icing
oh oh yeah don't worry
oh honey gives I finally get our God
we're same I mean no one's come against
me to vote okay what you are not safe
money man is not because you're black it
is it's not about to be very like that
is open you are safe tell me yeah yes oh
yeah
that's my boys
so who's left it's me oh I was in this
position all hey listen honey we're in
this together bro I the person joining
Manny the vote is Ethan it is Xenia holy
shit yeah this rather relaxed
relationship ha ha ha even and Manny
I know you've been go in the description
and vote for who you want to save and
yeah the person with the most votes will
remain here right that's all for big
brother clubs for this week we'll be
seeing most of unity one of you we won't
be thank you guys for watching and see
ya oh great oh nice nice effort there I
feel like I'm actually doing the right
you know what is that type should get
that please wait wait wait wait Oh turns
one turns another first with a little
rap the shot i'll orders a little
wizards
you see the power you got look at this
ladies dancing milk does be back and
then boom
