of the last time when my record was so
rudely ripped away from me
I'm back for another episode of yeah so
we reached our record of 10 wins 0
losses but then the internet just
dropped but no at the internet didn't
even drop we just got kicked off EA
servers and I asked you guys who I
should buy or what I should do the top
comment was between formation for this
so that George best is more involved so
we're gonna change formation and we're
also gonna change
George best into a right forward and as
that comment didn't tell me to buy
anyone I chose the next light comment
which told me to get max Gradle and
myself and Philemon somehow I have
enough to buy both so there's Gradle
bought and there's Pantilimon bots
although I do need to change griddles
positions so we have to buy that as well
we are down to one thousand nine hundred
coins stock shit aborting as a left mid
and of course this is more expensive
sorry guys I've just wasted some coins
but the team is starting to look a lot
better I think the next thing I need is
either another center back or right back
but don't actually have a right back in
the hole in my squad so we go into the
first game with this squads division 8
the first division where we have lost
the game EA thanks to wins the day and I
am safe in the division and the first
team we are gonna destroy is and all
gold so Michael I think I've stepped up
a notch maybe getting good players is
actually a terrible thing because it
means that I am gonna face better
opponents Oh max Gradle seasoned boss I
please be on please be on side please
beyond you know what George boom what
the Frick how did he catch that what the
Frick what the Frick what the Frick no
no no no no no no our buddy Hank plugs
in Amman Oh I was about to say I'm so
happy we got a new goalkeeper but thanks
well Guys looks like I'm gonna be on a
losing streak from now on oh great oh
nice nice effort there I feel like I'm
actually doing the right you know what
is that top should get that please wait
wait wait wait Oh turns one turns
another so what's a little
well sure I'll orders a little wizard
did you see the power you got look at
this ladies dancing milk baths be back
come then
oh hi I'm back in this now back in this
come on look wait Olaf a team is the
dummy touch you know you thought you
thought he mugged up but he didn't you
thought I did my cat that time away
lalana don't in posture that and then
bang ah I'm doing well right now
oh shit oh shit Oh putting them on is a
G no keeps you - good good good
oh right down the line I know you know
what we get what's going on
alright ah lapis II know I was he go out
with that total nipples no how is he no
that didn't make any sense corn
Escalante gonna skill and fish pass it
in pass it again
alright and then you turn in no you talk
back and then you do double double hot
back please fight cradle cradle great
old bank one yeah so let's Dave you nice
this is going well you know what I do
like the team all done place cradle with
the place most grown with the base or
this debut for a second don't like fake
book that was a wicked shot I've ever
seen in my life
what up we've reached halftime and I am
winning now two one whoo max cradle will
tell you what he's the boy okay it's
fine I still worked run a dummy or you
see that you sit up oh wait who's this
bang
please tell us that's not even a corner
lame in Bremen all right and then play
George in and then George turns it just
like three of them Vanessa's it into the
corner 3-1 game over pass them back and
then buy one there you go good save I
don't know what I'm I don't know what
I'm doing anymore
buzzer give it to somebody vision oh my
god how is what the what how did I not
score just then ah not quite sure how
Bella Abby's got the ball through there
get rid what does a
turnout turnout flaming all you have to
do is take four out I got the ball there
got a bull bus in there you go look at
that and then then lay it off and then
George George George I don't know how
I'm not winning this buy more all plays
them in plays look at our pass look at
our passing there Georgie boy and why
your George best playoff playoff this
has to be it this has been here there
you go there's big hole for one it now
it is a hundred percent game over boys
guys doing now what is he doing that's a
frickin great finish from the very best
it's not even playing anymore I'm happy
not to play I've got five goals I think
that's the max amount of coins you can
get and there it is LEDs we win our
first game of today
very very very deserve so one more win
and I am a hundred percent safe in this
division that two more wins but I'm only
playing one today two more wins and I am
promoted let's just go to the second
game so opponent number two is a
standard BPL team it's loan that belazi
and I really hope it doesn't do anything
for it this should be an interesting
game
alright let's do this guy's let's go the
newbies have done well in the last game
let's see if they can continue look over
there and that's a bit weak is it it's
not that should have gone in see nah no
I'm one-nil down again Panteleimon
hasn't done well there ah wide like you
got one kneel down this is my problem on
the last 3-4 as well I always let in a
goal very early okay
close it down foster there cross it down
one more and then pause it up and then
play them off and then slam it again
boom what's a nice goal and lalana got a
first goal again this is exactly the
same as the last game but you was
dragging the player here I'm dragging
the player then you play it to there and
then you take a touch and by one put on
pause it's all within I need to get the
nice passing again there we go there's
that what is that okay
the kind of what go and lastly take it
down taste it up oh this guy is nervous
you know alright how do we get out of
this how to get out of this than you pop
there all right
and then grit all that's a really good
effort from my angle and great will did
get the second goal in the last game how
has he got there
how the Frick has he got that far no no
great safe panting Simon that is great
frickin play lalana oh my god that was a
lot closer than I thought but still
Wilson it wasn't in definitely deserving
to win at the moment but I just can't
get that other goal I need a second go
pass it pass it Casey down there you sit
on that moats cradle for a sec ago no we
could have is me open you could have
literally just reproduce the first game
that I'm mad instead is half-time and I
feel like I deserve T we're now on the
right majors you know what George you'll
just rest your George best you can set
someone up to rep Penn really oh my god
of these schools now if he scores now
after this picture please no no no no no
- no
panawe no give a penny away that's the
main thing just not a pet away
no penalty no how is that free kick jump
jump jump clear okay that's fine this is
fine
it's not fine it's fine for now it's not
gonna be five long get rid of this
please please can I get rid of this
again just what's up Rick okay that's
actually works out better where's the
runs puss in hotter they're part of
their bank there's a touch you're the
ghost was time to come nicely you know
they go blaming and George Betty's very
very very tired he's super tired he's
super tight buddy buddy long does a
pulse back I swear no no no no no no
please please I've seen I know he's
gonna pass it off okay get rid Gary
Gerould
oh we are panicking sit we've done it
we've done it we've won another game it
just came out of nowhere we've done it
that's two wins out two today again what
a disconnect two more wins that I have
the title lads we have two thousand two
hundred coins but I think I need to buy
two contracts and a fitness card so
maybe I won't be able to buy anyone next
episode that's all for today though let
me know what you want to do in case I do
have enough coins say you guys watching
see you probably get a good player in
this pack and have them forever
woo does that count
I got an in-form whoa screw a gamer that
doesn't really count
I never actually knew that you could get
informs in those packs I always thought
they would just be like a decent ray
player and now we all oh my god always
think that speak a fucking hate you
