Oh Fievel awakened look we have another
purple oh we don't what it's friends now
but we have something better than a
purple we have freaking shame long look
at him oh my god but for real we have
Manuel Neuer 91 rayon inform we also
have to hire de Bruyne Matheny oh ham
sick golden and Cazorla those are the
players only with olive olive olive
olive olive olive olive olive olive
olive ah it's not the worst start we've
had but it's not the best so we're just
gonna be opening packs continuously
until we get a few good players and then
we are done in okay this not one so far
but the player I'm gonna say we're stop
it on today is that annoy if we get
annoying like if I get it right now
we're done
if I get annoying right now we are done
but we don't come on big notes give me
someone good give me a good players like
troll good like I see a Brazilian centre
back I think that's good then I see that
pace and I'm just like bye ah hit the
Quan hit the Quan Chi Quan see you uh it
was close anyway my new tactic your fish
is ready put pull in the table a week
boom I didn't get it tiramisu instead
how many freakin access to do one on his
name lettuce one already but oh it
worked it was like it got read that's
what I want it so just Potrero you know
ah purple boy X purple boy in fact give
me a freakin black card that's not a
black board that was Bruno I'm Bruno hi
this is styling yeah be ridiculous now I
know he's a rare copper he's still
terrible
no maybe give me small good
come on can't wait to get a good player
in this pack and have them forever
whoo does that count
I got an in-form whoa Scott's a gamer
that doesn't really count
I never actually knew that you could get
informs in those packs I always thought
they would just be like a decent ray
player and now we get oh my god always
seeing that speak a frickin a departure
oh yeah okay now it's signing on the
front we know like I was but what a
joker I see what a joker now we get
seriously give me they could frickin
play oh please we love good players we
love good players don't we guys felt
good players without the letters ei so
I'm just saying that EA should rip
should give me a good player you
shouldn't give me someone that looks
like it's gonna touch me at night I love
Walla Walla bad players I don't really
want it please could we hurry up let's
go with that Oh
yeah I mean I keep on my own phones
anyway but I don't I didn't even say I'm
a the stars one of the players on one
the moves changed now ah
I went from Fe musics of Alan okay you
know what cut that music
why do I keep getting cooler pain and
never yes for anything good ever
I guarantee even if it's a rare card it
won't be good it'll be Kayla trap it's
yeah Thank You chroot it could have
embeds them up but you never know I
don't care with because he's messy in
the game is a Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba it's
actually a good informant oh yeah with
Simeone surely if the other guy goes to
polish early our senior girls that just
dropped dramatically you know what we
got yama tinea that's good enough Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba yeah call you B - can you calling
me - in a day too much ah
no BJ I'm not getting very excited to
let you go that much I was correct it's
decent but it's not how much you should
be worth I feel like I've got enough
today I feel like I just need that one
little cherry on top of the cake you
know icing on the cake give me one good
one player and I'm done one player and
Chesney I'm not allowing that not
allowing that what the hell am i doing
what am I actually doing with my
freaking Thursday even who's that oh my
god we can ring us you know what an 87
record player I do stupid thing on my
head I'm not gonna lie I was in complete
shock when I just saw that cuz I was
like I was too focused on my head not
being demented I wish to go forth you
must go quite a bit surely 100k 158 8000
roughly 80 that's it alright Leo Messi
end it off there we go that is the pack
opening done I told you one more play
and we've done and we get a freakin we
get now though I guess it was two good
players that we have to get anyways
that's all for today thank you guys for
watching and see you why John embarrass
me Noah screw it we're just gonna whip
whoa
isn't that I know you're like four foot
tall but come on come on come on come on
look at your size look at your size what
it really is just pushed you over come
on oh oh one one Tom come on do
something Tom please okay come on
Okazaki
