what's up guys welcome to a top kick
video the FIFA Manny don't know how this
works basically there is a app or a game
which is a mix of like a sticker book
and a fantasy football league your open
packs get players build a team and then
those players get points based on
real-life events today I'm doing a pack
and play with FIFA Manny as I've said we
can open two of these BPL world powers
packs and see what we get we're gonna
build a team out of those 14 players and
then play against Manny the lose after
discard their team so with the first
pack here we go we buy one of these
getting the pack Google come on I just
don't I don't want someone too expensive
in case I lose but some of my David
silver is decent have a silver tad itch
Anitra Akira this is a very average team
I'd have a Dali I don't think and I'm
hope Lauren vicuna I don't have a
goalkeeper okay I have one more back so
it's fine my team at the moment is
basically silver Shaqiri and Lawson's
I'm not sure about this I packed two I'm
no I'm looking I'm not looking I'm not
looking please just give me a ball give
it just flash up with someone amazing
please no that's not I don't want
captain Tom alright Jason puncheon
Okazaki it's gray in it what this is
okay we have a goalkeeper Julian's
Moroni now we get two goalkeepers we get
a thumb and spur own that's just great
in it color Cheney great I get two
goalkeepers now right so I'm gonna go
try and make a team with these players
like the thumb like what is he doing
with his face there but yeah I'm gonna
go try and make it sieve her this haha
all the screws this is what my team
looks like boom I guess this to you is
it's a white I do say that I have 100
chemistry Bob Corson can have a hundred
chemistry because I go all the positions
and it's that all the same league I mean
you can have hundred chemistry as well
wave really hope he doesn't know anyway
the main person that I don't want to
discard is David Silva he went for
around 70 cave and obviously like the
right and left back they were like 20k
15 okay I thought what is this god
anyone I don't want to lose to be honest
just guarding isn't actually part of it
I just don't want to lose so I'm gonna
invite Manny to a game and hopefully
Okazaki is gonna be the main man today
and destroy him ah let's go I sort of
first look at a team a we yes he is more
gold he has an old gold rare team that
KB does have large chemistry because
input manager we did agree you're loud
has Morin and Shakira which I have well
this is gonna be fun isn't it i-i've
actually never played Manny before in a
game on this game anyway so I'm gonna
see oh oh no I'm actually really nervous
I don't want to just got my team oh no
joking with a pen tonopen don't give him
a pen no no no no no no no no no no no
no that's not foul don't go far thank
you thank you thank you Paul what is
that what is going on I don't know what
to do he's actually 80 plays nice
football
it's like Toby he's like Toby he plays
nice football no are you serious you
actually sir what the hell no with
actual part why is this just running why
why is that gone in well I'm already
down a goal this is this is great fun
isn't it what Bob Ricky's got Manny
Manny don't do it Manny Manny
how can you score from side yards and
not score that please don't score corner
please don't score corner no one scores
corners on this game look out my way are
you a little bit why would you run out
there yeah I'm not enjoying this team
whatsoever I'm not enjoying this
why are you betting it that way Gary
Gary get rid of the red interpret it no
no how is it how is that gonna work
I was this working what the hell is
wrong with my team but this team is so
shit I actually don't know what to do
this team is so freakin bad
what do I do what the Frick dude why are
you doing this money right for you but
you just turn me out
nah nah Manny please can we just not do
this why are you trying to wait on it
why John embarrass me Noah screw it
we're just going to whip a bullet
oh oh right gay for a continuance of
that I know you're like 4 foot tall but
come on come on come on come on look at
your size look at your size what it's
really it's just pushed you over come on
oh oh
gone one Tom come on do something Tom
please get out ok come on look exactly
looks like a bit of it ha ha ha no I've
read that and yet come I've read that as
well as give enough time how the hell
are the stats like that he dominated me
for like the first I know 5 minutes
maybe first 20 minutes but ready became
a lot more evil oh I'm so screwed and if
I managed to pull this back then I am a
G where's it run there's a run foul dude
I'll do and then for this because I get
home checks to Tahoe I guess like he no
no please come oh wow that's a bad pass
please touch oh yo Socky yep seen that
seen that there's the tax rate wasn't
touch boom pow give me the free kick
thank you that was disgusting Manny I
actually chances I actually
I see you tops Oh Oh check should have
dived yeah you didn't know was done this
time did you boom first of all that's a
shocker
oh fuck is a key no oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god Anita far
post babe right that it's silly you just
get after with all inmate I'm sorry but
no why why does the people always get it
in this game oh good Tom go on oh please
get tagged Olympic Lim no no no no I'll
take the file to the file take the file
take the file take the file to the file
to the file say the foul no I went to
the fan now I'm not bullying him no
don't give him you're such an old I
wasn't even holding the controller at
this point what you didn't get the pen
John yeah and then yeah oh no he doesn't
manage stupid little tactic in it I
manage stupid frickin little tactic I
actually watched that video of his
Securi Shakira Shakira Shakira Shakira
Shakira oh wait wait wait wait boom
there's one which need one more I just
really hope I don't get caught napping
man dog manborg stop stop man bog stop
man bog man bog oh yes Baldy pass it in
and then they go round know if that was
a good ball was it wait wait it's still
on still on wait oh no Thomas the worst
player alive cap gun what the fuck is
that for a time keeps defuses uses it
I'm gonna just have to go tack it on I
I'm gonna have to go attack him oh no
he's helped me often tell me all right
attack Ian we're going attacking this
could be the moment flaming I bought it
no no no no don't do this Manny Manny
Manny no where's that oh oh that's what
it is
no there's a little bottom
it's over it's all low oh it's always it
lose it go on playin no monster that
know what Farsight know why can't my
previous boss know this is because this
is what no that's ridiculous man dog car
you just your mother me off now man hold
no don't you don't deserve another goal
yet no we've lost oh god bless this team
I pulled it right back those shots off
target I don't know what the hell
happened but I was like the quickest way
to lose I know a hundred and thirty to
fifty thousand coins screw it key the
sad music
davits over the buzz plane the most
expensive but you know what he's gone
he's gone he's gone we're done we're
done here that is one loss if you want
to see me play anyone else let me know
in the comments I'm just gonna go cry
into a pillow thank you guys for
watching and see ya why am I not getting
rid of it
why am I not get is another go in it
okay let's find us half time to kneel
down I'm gonna cry emotionally being a
little bit destroyed as well you know
what would go in attacking lads we have
to we have to go tacking cuz I want to
win every game get rid of this looking
great a great head up but I need to
chase him down chase him down tackle
them no that's not good enough half of
Daddy's gonna give it nothing Oh where's
my support was the support
