what's up guys and welcome to Seidman
hangman you know how this works
basically the other guys are going to
choose a word for me to guess I say if I
get it right that happens let's go okay
oh it feels my paintballing t see I got
it yeah JJ you get that so easily you
made it too simple do it by saying it's
simple yeah you said I simply won't get
that all right round three and I'm gonna
go with an S my belly my legal tangle
Barry Weiss hey chickie chickie
I'm gonna leave you now mol-1 okay it's
not like Mandel by yourself
oh my little eye before there's multiple
letters is the same one you ever put
them in d oh you have done it mandingo
why is it there's another end Jimmy
would look right so that's all for the
side man hangman challenge thank you
guys for throwing them hey like you and
thank you guys for watching
let us do it out dad we have woken up by
like half 10 11 and we are going back
for another day breakfast because it
tastes so good I want a strawberry
smooth or whoever thingy JJ had
yesterday it was so in this Hyundai did
wake up early for a surprise package
that arrived I can't show you what it is
but it's literally right here so excited
B anyway I need to get a video done
before we head out and then we
