why don't I see you vlogging anymore or
can you do a week in the life of you
yeah I'm blogged recently mainly because
I haven't done anything
I literally just spent a long time in
this exact chair just doing videos but
you know what no I'm actually I'm gonna
start vlogging just for you okay so
actually this is gonna be the start of
look so guys thank you guys for watching
this Q&A and um what okay this isn't
gonna make sense when I actually release
the video but if you didn't watch my Q&A
the other day this is the end of that
video which I am now recording the stop
this video because they somehow linked
is it was clever in my head so if you're
watching the end of the Q&A thank you
guys for watching and see you but if
you're not then this is the start of a
vlog which is gonna be the next three or
four days of my life so first of all I
have just on the QA as I said tomorrow I
am playing football with a special guest
as I mentioned in my Q&A as well the
next day I am going to thought Pop
fright night then I'm headed home and
I'm gonna vlog it all for you
and arenda it's done well it's not done
but that is a sneak peek although it is
already out that is the QA being
rendered right now it's half midnight
I'm about to go to bed because I think
I'm here fix my sleeping pad guys
nothing new but anyway that's it
rendering I'm gonna upload that head to
bed wake up early hence was there a
bison footballs go to the football video
so yeah see you tomorrow for the start
of the vlog because this one this is
just kind of like me waffling on and now
I'm thinking of waffles and Alberti
hungry
but anyway see you guys tomorrow and um
away is frickin like 10:30 in the
morning I am absolutely loving the sleep
schedule of it literally just woken up
without a shower now I'm going to split
that up and said it just feels like 10
times badly awaiting this time because I
feel like I'm a day to do something be a
let's go pick up some footballs that
should be enough I think time for some
breakfast there's a great guy man I mean
and get food get drinks for everyone
fruit you wanna stages now we're on the
way football it's not a the I think we
be months to the start
hey yeah so we're on the way to football
and we're gonna go meet the other person
in the video well Toby as well but the
other person who I haven't said who it
is yet although the video is probably
already gone up so you already know so
yeah we've got a long drive for
utilize the battery
right the football is done
thank you shifty for filming that part
that's it on the homeless guy this is
actually is home by the way some say
it's Manny's brother some guy that Manny
calls his brother a sick day filming
with lassie from well Soviet man you
missed it I didn't tell him what's
punishments would be until they happen
go get food now and then tomorrow is it
me or you're so happy with Anya
I hate me right so we're done and O's
yes bye to Daddy matter what and now we
head cold long day filming one of the
funnest times I've had dogs so they need
to admire my thinking Toby think
anything it's a shifty thank you to all
of his mates and ever all from Arsenal
fantasy and everything that video should
already be up by the time this videos up
the young ones bed
I am absolutely knackered so soup Daniel
pasta we have woken up we're like half
10 11 and we are going back for another
day breakfast because it tastes so good
I want a strawberry smoother or weather
thingy JJ had yesterday it was so in
this one I did wake up early for a
surprise package that arrived I can't
show you what it is but it's literally
right here I'm so excited be anywhere I
need to get a video done before we head
out and then we go to full pop
- husband slows machine Oh for so long
opening back some way from my buddy
alright so we are at door park I'm not
really blogging because I loved it a lot
but yeah we're at Fright Night
everyone's here love Toby and uh yeah
we've been in all the roads been an
amazing and then tomorrow everyone wants
to try and jump in it I'm not gonna be
blogging much because there isn't much
to blog no there's no log do just a blog
dual core and we're gonna head home in a
second picture thumb hahaha
my plan Deniz I could go well so I went
to come home and then edit and record
another video and then edit that so that
I could go home as soon as I woke up but
I ended up not doing any of that fell
asleep straight away so I woke up today
and literally I've just spent so long
editing that football video and it's now
ready to go up tomorrow and now I have
nothing to do today so I'm gonna go home
I'd set why there's no video today which
is Friday because I needed to go home
and I only had time to do one video and
I wanted to do the football video
because I feel like that's gonna be a
really good one so now we're gonna head
home really quick I'm already like 2
hours late but yeah should be fun one
eternity later
yeah no hum hello okay no one's here
basically every time I come home
everyone seems to go away but for the
first time in like six times oh my dog
is here this is Herbie basically my
parents always time me coming home with
them going away so I never able to see
them like they I'm starting to get the
impression that they don't like it so
yeah let's go on the upload the dog now
for like an hour today has made me
realize how bad I am vlogging because I
just didn't even get my camera once I'm
in Italy I didn't do anything worth
logging so I didn't really have a chance
to but at the same time I am back at my
old room as normal when I come home and
yeah one of the questions actually in
the queue and I had which I didn't
answer was what's the weirdest thing
your brothers have got you for my
birthday or Christmas or whether one of
them is obviously that cutout of JJ has
shown right now the others are probably
either that nothing I used in a QA once
when you end what did he give you birth
then I said nothing and I showed you the
thing of nothing oh it's one of these
two Justin Bieber annuals thanks Bros
anyway I am still on a good sleeping
schedule so I'm gonna go to bed now like
one time even is it cool paws mid-thigh
I got some new shoes here and yeah I'm
gonna wake up hopefully around ten then
I don't know what I'm gonna do hopefully
I've loca but I really really doubt it
yeah we'll catch you guys tomorrow boom
I'm awake and I found something that is
incredibly not interesting to you but to
me it is do you know how good this album
was this is the Simpson solve is the
songs from all Simpsons episodes so
we've got stuff like who needs the
kwik-e-mart
I need the cookie mutt that's on that
you know that one no no no okay just me
no I'm gonna take this back and give it
to Toby because I know that Toby loves
these songs a bit like Basshunter I've
got Nickelback Good Charlotte the
Kassabian Kaiser Chiefs Tinie Tempah's
first album Nelly Furtado what what is
this what am i doing I need to go Abby
but my mind is literally can be like
home in ten minutes or something but I
really need to go and they are that's
why they time it that is time
I so I've been on the healthy boundaries
of me but on the way back as I just
showed I decided to stop at boating
because firstly cost that cost a lot but
bunking I thought I would try this okay
it just looks horrible doesn't it the
halloween-themed burger so they just
just made a black cuz I don't get it
probably not gonna eat all of it because
I've heard from different rumors that it
turns your poo green so it actually
tastes more plain than normal and just
looks ten times worse you know what I
think I'm already done right one bite
and I think I'm done a few moments later
I do and I really regret it I laugh at
see the turn levity blues oh that's a
bed and no how are you giving me an
advantage in the area that doesn't make
any sense
give me another pen oh please how is
this happening
bang no that doesn't make sense
I swear that was an advantage to me
there we go that one yes yes I'm back in
this game to all but can I go on to win
it that's the real question that's the
real question everyone wants to know
what is this like why is their leg now
like why it wasn't going to be done no
no no come on what see like that that's
really screwed me over there that's
really screw me over
no okay no George come on just just run
just just you know what you know what
yeah yeah you don't know what I'm gonna
do until I we've been oh no why is this
so close to keeper you're the best
