what's up guys and welcome to not no
more no more no more because I'm certain
that today is the day where I finally
lose my mind when I win every game
that's right we got two more games and I
also asked you guys who I should buy the
top comment was boom potay and climb so
we are getting the cheapest one nine
hundred and fifty coins that him bought
it's not now it is and I would buy
climbed but he is about ten thousand
coins I have six thousand left and I
also really need a fitness card so I'm
gonna have to buy that this is what a
team is looking like I really need that
client next episode then the right side
will be pretty much complete we need to
start working on that left side and the
goalie but for now the vision eight is
underway and we have two games today and
I need to not lose so game one and I am
playing an old Gold team and it was an
all serious team is that yeah yeah this
is that that's not good
it's really not good come on George come
on you can do it man 69 years old role
we have George best leading the team oh
no oh no wait there's there's some glare
this some glare on the screen there's
some glare on the screen that's better
oh my god oh my god okay this may
actually be the first game I lose how
the hell was he scored that or odd the
dummy the dummy George then oh just we
have some lag already creeping in this
is this is horrible oh there you go die
us in the green no George has let me
down okay where we going where we going
now levity come on come on Matt come on
okay that's fine as long as I'm winning
corners or penalties I'm fine but I do
need to score one first oh wow wow wow
wow well hit that hit that what do you
do it why you running away oh no no no
no all right Hassan right
Oh risky I chose George Oh George George
best has just hit it straight at the
keeper boys going on with George bestest
game he's literally mr. Penn away he's
missed some easy opportunities oh no no
how did he get all that how is he
getting away with this stuff how am I
not Waring get rid of this dude you know
why I'm actually gonna lose the game I
can't believe it and this one I really
could have one please underscore this
this is just be heartbreaking this
baffling thought okay s5 getting them to
kneel down know of an hour oh sure first
score goal you owe me a goal or two I
have worked too freakin hard to get
George best to not score goals and at
the moment he is not scoring goals that
why are you kicking off I didn't tell
you to do that
what is going on what is actually
happening in this game yeah I know I
know exactly where you're going but like
I don't understand how he's doing this
no no right no no no this is his last
chance to get rid of that why am I not
getting rid of it
why man I'll get us another go in it
okay let's find us halftime to nil down
I'm gonna cry
mostly being a little bit destroyed as
well you know what would go in attacking
lads we have to we have to go attacking
since I want to win every game get rid
of this look at great a great head up
but I need to chase him down chase him
down tackle them no that's not giving up
to half of Daddy's gonna give it okay
where's my support was the support
donors boom George Buster's I told you
he was gonna start okay that's one
that's one I need one more and then
another he's nervous now he's very
nervous now Lafferty the turn levity
please boom does a pen pen no how are
you giving me an advantage in the area
that doesn't make any sense
give me another pen oh please how is
this happening Frank no that doesn't
make sense
I swear
was an advantage to me there we go this
one yes I'm back in this game to all but
can I go on to win it that's the real
question that's the real question
everyone wants to know what is this like
why is there like now like why it wasn't
gonna be done no no no come on
what see like that that's really screwed
me over there that's really screwed me
over
no okay no George come on just just run
just just you know what you know what
yeah yeah you don't know what I'm gonna
do until I we've been oh no why is this
so close to keeper you're the best
player in the world
oh my god nah you see that chase trail
keeps thank you thank you because it
just changed playing that wasn't my
fault I swear
Oh George George George West with his
left no come on
George best in with his left it almost
rhymes run lefty on lefty lefty Lapith
eke claim in and then the post just
shows me the nice minutes won it oh my
God he's actually just gonna want it
unless these scores from here but that
stop it in that's not happening I don't
care just brother whistle F just rode
his daughter he's coming back from to
kneel down to win another game you may
say it wasn't deserved but he only had
one shot and he was off target in the
second half that's three points of
division eight done the record has weeks
1000 I'm happy now I can lose I can live
that's fine
1000 is all I wanted you know what let's
just go into Game two the emotions have
run high and I just want to get to
another game while they're still high
high so the team for the second game our
key what this is a very good name on his
whole team is like made of lone players
this is not gonna be fun let's go guys
let's go one player out white what the
Frick is that what is going on what the
hell was happening right now as the run
was the runs come on no no no no no I
don't want him I want George George
please all right no I wanted George
seven minutes in and it's about to
freeze and I'm about to quit
this is if this is the game that I lose
I swear I actually can't believe it I
taught I joked about this with one of
our late the only thing that would annoy
me now once I reach 10 would be if I
disconnect to lose the game
I can't somebody else I'm not playing
today I'm not playing I'm not playing
another game guys I'm sorry
FIFA have royally fucked me off this
series was going perfectly I would get
up and scream but I'm not wearing any
trousers right now so I'm just going to
leave it with a calm
fuck you EA I'm actually done for today
so let me know you want me to buy with
five and a half thousand coins I'm sorry
that this is a sure episode to me just
watching and see a good player and then
I see that it's not rare so why does
this keep happening why is it he's
showing up 13 I saw Tempe
there's no point to contract thanks to
contract packs what why why would I want
that
