we have another hero card this time it's
agüero and we also have a nice little
bow it's hanging out sill there that I
wouldn't mind gain imma be up and
impacts and hopefully find in some of
these any of those three and I'm done
for today not saying that I'm going into
life I'm one because that could be fair
fun so we start with a big nose like a
set opens up the first pack first
Packers never ever good we know that and
that's not me just move on please
hi Griezmann start the train start the
tray to start a bull role in all
available olive olive olive olive olive
olive okay the wagon mother's meal bat
chuay 2l over packs in a row alibi alibi
but we've also at 3:03 resin are so we
weren't gonna get rare there we a liver
packs in a row like this this is only
the meaning good things we get the pace
whore Tony oh why do I expect to get
anything leave why oh why do I do these
aggro give me an agrarian Anna grow
that's not that's freaking color off
that's another person that everyone says
looks like me maybe I should dumb it
down a little bit
okay your words a bit better Victor
Braun Wow
it's the best play we've got so far so I
can't complain I've already gone but
obviously the best pack I've got so far
as well where are you piccaboo no you
know what all the wheels will actually I
care Oh packs are so freaking blood
imagine this had a beard imagine my
thumb had a beard all right there it is
that's that's my thumb with a beard
please Pat's oh ma mad please look where
I just when they get good player I just
want you look worried come on man you
want to be with me too we know you want
to give me someone else you want to give
me hostage
don't say it Simon don't say it this is
the tactic you just throw purple at it
ready boom okay we didn't really know it
wasn't that Ben okay okay okay okay okay
Pedro I will happily take roughly 20 K
this is the start can't say your name
either
Godspell came without yen cos fell good
Pat's
ei without ei so we get secede oh that's
not a good pack I have no idea what I'm
doing more these packs it's just
terrible and I just thought I just want
a good play really I'm gonna start
skipping them this is the speed tactic
you literally as soon as you see that
it's not rare you'd go like this look
okay Bret not rare go we've done I can
literally go oh okay it's rare we leave
it all right we get to run oh two hands
I see all right and no believe it give
me your own give me a give me around
give me around give me a give me a rag
give me a give me right give me racket
now go get a good play on just one good
player and then I see that it's not rare
why does this keep happening why is it
he's showing up 13
there's no point to contract thanks to
contract pacts what why why would I want
that I'll take you how have I got one
Informer in this many packs and he was
cool comes like comes I feel like I
deserve another inform I feel like I
deserve one more in for me even a purple
card I feel like I deserve it no you
don't want to give me it you want to
give me forgetting rose no it wasn't
even but now comes that's all we've got
we've just got come
you know inform their leave me alone
just come that's it come no no I don't
want okay okay actually back back to
being sane again that is actually a sick
pat 383 rated and yet I can't get
another forgetting form can I actually
do this what with the yay I'd say cool
them screw it I it's time it's time to
get this last player get this last there
we go though your bone Divini oh good
one as well nice steak one oh my heart
no no no no oh hi
I've opened a lot of packs guys now I
get to be neo Stryker with that pace
let's the average go okay Bart 80k 90k I
mean I'm not gonna sell him anyway but
I'm happy that I have ah okay now comes
doesn't look so bad we've got comes we
got hedgerow we got inform video we've
got some others so starting to look up
it's time to look up and now we get
Sirica why do I want for gold contracts
in a separate pack just give me them in
a normal pack like yeah great you know
what screw it we go for a snapchat pack
alright snapchat pack okay here we go
yeah that is absolutely shocking
agüero
yeah Figueredo oh well that's just
bloody fantastic in there pretty gold
pluck I don't know what's gonna come a
lot but nothing to Lee's alibi okay oh
oh oh okay I know that he is good in
this game
86 rated as well and he almost goes for
as much as tavini oh don't you know what
that's actually as good as Davinia I
know he's only informed by using 86
raids right guys I think that's gonna
have to be the last pack of the day but
we're gonna end it on this patronization
artifact of the day we get no.1 Draxler
thi'sl Vegas watching hands see yep one
more pack but it is a little secret
alright no one knows about this pack is
already outside the video so we're done
with this thing that's it no dammit Lee
is piss off the a and then fake
shot fake sure and the ball palm you are
a white stain on society - so you sleep
it out do something stupid right
please win that please win that room
that's George no by George George you
have been the best person ever to win
that fight Oh Oh laughs a tea love it's
a
