yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to another amigo I haven't done one of
these in a long time but me and Vic did
an Amiga video like two three years ago
and yeah it went down really well so
we're back again we're gonna be just
saying some trick questions to people
and just exposing the weirdness that is
an eagle so let's go you English we ask
you a few quick questions alright what
is in the middle of America in a very
the very middle of America your question
nineteen female you're so hot what did
he just call me Joe what's the painting
don't panic here I can tell you're
panicking remain calm or worse than
painting Jurgen Klopp just just tilt the
camera up just leave all that took on a
battle push back I can see the painting
come with us now do you want to make
YouTube or something
I know that I'm the right me what goes
up but never comes down the answer no
say we meet you right now what should we
say we're we're famous you choose what
safety you'd be like hey welcome to but
your insert name here Channel can I try
on you hey how are you doing welcome to
the mini Minto channel I'm Simon I'm
gonna be interviewing you this is
vikkstar123 indication why are you
wearing a high vis Prince man trains are
you high right now there is no just say
a line so you start like one channel
together you have like a channel maybe
we should get other people as well and I
have a
like what like seven yeah like we seven
like yeah like sideman what have you
been smoking
remind me never to get a train in
Germany just like a series it's like
weird people that we meet on omegle wait
do you watch YouTube watch like one
section of YouTube I don't want you to
worry though who's your favorite
youtuber drum alert because that's just
like will you get everything
only I watching the first 48 seconds of
it is say that it's an issue yeah
already what was the first point you say
if you watch from 48 seconds onwards
that's what the apps really yeah at 48
seconds exactly yeah
cuz we know what that means yeah we're
gonna be youtubers I'm gonna use my
second man he's gonna like nickname when
he was younger so he's gonna use this
one my brother was just a lot of those
minecraft people he tried to play
Minecraft he wasn't good
do you know what we're doing wrong I
haven't keep skipping up may because
y'all are together well I was alone and
topless like everyone else here they
wouldn't skip me yeah they probably
wouldn't make why'd you quit
my name's not Nick Nick Nick now why she
doing some research we're doing this ad
for asking questions yeah wait what's
your research on paper on the brain
studies of random strangers were you
from London and India he doesn't speak
much English French doesn't lie your
heart it's sexy yeah he's not French
Spanish I love you too but I like you
you seem like a lovely person we're not
related I could tell I saw it in your
face when you saw us you thought we were
brothers we're not a lot of people get
that confused so we can do like a
brothers in I didn't think that we've
had people tell us like oh thank you the
bros - well you know what we've been
lying to you - go ahead of it and take
it take out this is a YouTube video this
is a YouTube video if you know why
because it's like I'm not sure hey do
you prefer me ojj and you have to be on
it
you do my second but how deep is the
deepest part of the ocean pretty deep
but say you don't know the answer you
can also guess you don't know twitch
your sign boy you got a twitch what goes
up and down but remains in the same
place we've lost her when the question
blows their mind say like every tire
well begins to please don dey has
microphone Oh too lazy I hate talking
and I'm sick that's just too much
information it's actually more effort to
type so yeah yeah fade away
