pump something random for an intro
thanks man
anytime bro is it difficult to balance
YouTube and your social life but what I
mean yeah it is hard to balance YouTube
in a social life but to be honest the
YouTube has become my social life
because now I live with three of my best
friends it all kind of becomes one
because I'm lucky enough not to just be
bound to you know having to turn up at a
certain time record or whatever do that
and then try and make time for them you
know we all kind of do the same thing so
I'm lucky enough to have YouTube and my
social life mixed in the spirit of
nowhere - ksi what
is this Britney Spears
I generally just can't be asked to stand
on a swegway while juggling it's
impossible believe me
impossible eh hey hey but you in touches
all still mates
sometimes me and Toby move but most of
the time yeah we're still mates good cuz
still still met a Steelers in not moving
as in motion will you ever consider
doing any videos with smaller youtubers
I've always said but I would do videos
with anyone as long as the idea is there
and I get on well with them you could be
PewDiePie was like 40 million
subscribers you could be someone that
hasn't even done a single video and you
have zero subscribers and as long as we
got on well and the video idea was there
I would always do the video and if you
are wondering about that and you're
sitting there thinking I'll I think we
go well tweet me and I genuinely do see
like most tweets see yeah hundred
percent I do a video with anyone if your
life could be a film what celebrity
would you like to play you Will Smith
actually know that obviously doesn't
make sense why would I choose Will Smith
I should obviously choose someone I can
meet instead I would choose Shakira
Shakira would play me would you rather
have no elbows or no knees that's
actually a really tough question because
if I didn't have knees I guess I
couldn't walk properly
I'm it okay I couldn't run I couldn't
kick a ball but if I didn't have elbows
I couldn't even go near my face like
that would be as close as I could get so
when I rather live not being able to run
properly and be like this
or what I prefer not being able to reach
my face and live like this
they're both pretty awful so the real
question is can I reach down there with
no elbows and I can so I'm gonna go with
no elbows are you ever gonna do a
football video again as a matter of fact
I am by the time this video goes out if
it goes out when I'm hoping it will I
will be on my way home from filming a
couple videos so that should be good
then that should be up probably this
weekend with a mystery and yes - I don't
know hopefully you guys will like it
would you rather worry United sho eats
another Carolina Reaper
why do you dislike TV and off rags who
said I just liked him all I said was
that if I had to kill anyone out of the
pack I would kill Preston and I stick by
that Preston I'm coming to you where is
the setup video oh that old chestnut
yeah the setup video basically I'm very
very bad at being organized in terms of
getting new stuff so basically if you
want to set up video this is all it's
gonna be we have my computer which looks
pretty soon right there with the the
sidemen logo on the sides the
PlayStation Xbox TV speaker monitors
with the tripods there that's what I'm
using to record right now and my chair
that's about all for now but trust me
the set up in a bow of two three weeks
maybe a month will be different and it's
gonna be awesome
why don't I see you vlogging anymore
what can you do a week in the life of
you yeah I'm abroad recently mainly
because I haven't done anything
I literally just spent a long time in
this exact chair just doing videos but
you know what now I'm actually I'm gonna
start blogging just for you okay so
actually this is gonna be the start of
look so guys thank you guys for watching
this QA and okay this isn't gonna make
sense when I actually release the video
but if you didn't watch my Q&A the other
day this is the end of that video which
I am now recording the start this video
because they somehow linked is it was
clever in my head so if you're watching
the end of the QA thank you guys for
watching and see ya alright George you
know what you know what yeah look Brett
Penn thank you that's what we do that's
what we like George I feel so bad for
him because if I was in this position
I'd be crying but is it is it is it go
it puts the call okay to one let's not
let this slip again come on
and then one ball
