yeah shiny best for life yo what's up
guys and welcome to the very best again
I asked you guys who to buy and you guys
told me to get read from West Ham cheap
centre-back we can get in for very very
cheap one thousand one hundred coins
we've got him and you said him because I
need a good center back so you know what
we actually did need a hits in about so
there it is readers into the team the
team is looking a bit better chemistry
went down by one I still need to improve
the team a lot of three thousand coins
tell me who to buy most liked comment we
the one I choose now was this is still a
time where you're playing in divisions
with still in Division 9 but I need to
win two games they not to get the title
that well first I do need that title
mainly so that I can keep my record of
winning every single game but for now
one win one draw and I have the title
and we'll be on Sun like six or seven
thousand coins for you to choose how to
spend so boys this is the team let's go
I team won and we have a mix of like
some weird Saudi Arabian left side and I
don't know I don't know what to call
this p.m. let's just cool it p.m.
whatever p.m. is it's about to go down
see look at it look I've learned I've
learned I've learned to play properly
I've learned to play properly you dig in
oh I told you I learn I've learned how
the played I'm winning this game out of
lalana with a goal after work in two
minutes
now he must be trolling me he must be
there's no way you can be this bad and I
say did I actually say bad I'm in I'm in
I'm in terrible okay and we're away
again Lafferty's there love it come on
manage well right boom ball nice too
slow I need a better player there oh my
god oh my god he's got such a lucky
bounce make a tackle right look and then
BOOM alright and then pasa that know
that is a shooken pause the best what
hell no no no no no how am i drawing
with him nice is poor defending from my
part someone said I need to use best
more so there's the time to use that
okay got tangled but if there's a time
to use him is now thank you thank you
posit that was the worst possible seen
in my life Oh seen a little chance come
on Pesci Pesci is the dawn all okay
whoever that is
Robles plus it plus down-up up-down plus
up and then Pesci see you there
wait wait wait save it oh-oh it works
out who or don't balls again sounds like
a turkey noise oh no get rid of this
please please please keeps oh no oh no
no no no that's worse allowance even
close a game night you know what he
actually doesn't deserve to be drawing
this I'll say it wasn't alright puzzler
please no you little doll you why would
you just pause to that guy there does go
some pretty horrible like the plazas
don't go where you want them to look at
okay bad touch but it's kind of words
out Lafferty laugh at it where's
Lafferty why is Lafferty not there there
is boom how did he save that claim in
bloomin Boy George all right George you
know what you know what yeah look bread
pen thank you that's what we do that's
what we like George I feel so bad for
him because if I was in this position
I'd be crying but is it is it is it go
it's just a call okay to one let's not
let this slip again come on right Hassan
and then one more one more
I love a day all right sounds a very
different corner the corner it's fine
run George
run run that's not running all right you
know what
no you know what George look at that I
love the way George Raft come on nah
come on George just got our muscles
below pull and then turn in and then
fake shot fake shot and the ball boom
you are a white stain on society do
something stupid
she's only stupid right please win that
please win that room that's George know
I judge George you've been the best
person ever to win that I Oh Oh laughs a
t love and say please Late Show I'm so
sorry about was said about you being
awake then on society and I mean it and
one lad he stopped he's actually stopped
you know what I'm not I'm taking
advantage is I'm sorry I know you're
gonna judge me friend but I want coins
oh shit laughing why how how are you
minted saying that I'm not sure it even
matters because I think we may have just
gone won the game lads I think we've
done it we've won it that's another win
and now one point away from the title
it's going so well with it's just going
to well I'm just waiting for something
to fuck us up and there it is
frickin injury it's only one game we can
deal with that we've had to go with this
lads we've actually had to use this team
now and people will be tired after this
game I'm going to be a little bit
screwed I may have to buy another
fitness card meaning that's like another
thousand coins gone we're going into
Game two and we are against oh no oh
this is this is it lads this is it this
is the moment where we actually lose our
first game play card Simon played for
Kim calm when I say calm calm play can't
play calm play go play
damn it Baldy then he comes forward and
I played the edge let the edge take a
touch bang one across see later good
taxi it's a solid tactic oh oh oh boom
no not nice that was frickin gobble boy
I must have been there must've been
global boy it was gobbles this has
convinced me though that I can win no
George George boom Tim Howard his time
is time stirs within let's move someone
to get ahead elections because of bad
food favor is shocking although no no no
how many of these can he stop that one
was fair enough now he's actually he's
made a mistake but I don't I don't want
there you go please hat Tim Howard
eventually gonna
there's nothing on there there's nothing
like okay okay okay and then take it
down the line pass it in but I said pass
I didn't say I didn't say take a touched
inside I said pass it oh please
finally
so disarmed it's unreal ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
me bullsh a store in the goal here you
go George
George you know what you're George best
mate you're you're you're George best
mate you're not Ronaldo that's the
problem that's the problem but you're
not Ronaldo either but you know what
you know what we can make something work
we can make something work we can make
something work we can't beat army so
they were just Tim Howard is there one
near lot and I knew it I knew it's that
much of a whitewash yeah that's one nil
guarantee I don't win this game positive
positive message oh hey George George
George
that's not even George best that's why
no that was the defender waking me up in
the other way around
when toss him cousin pig touch that's
what Bobby actually he's actually the
best thing rod I can't get a pass this
big bald head I honestly feel like he's
just trolling me and he's just gonna get
a goal in the last minute there you go
there you go please please please please
please
every fucking day no no no okay this is
versus two shots please please Fleming
wait take a touch no that's a shot
no George George best like you you but
stupidly no no you know what calm calm
to nila I'm tuna why why why am I
getting angry in the game and thank you
we've done it we've done two more wins
on the trot we are ten and old one safe
so dessert say that wasn't a deserved
win there it is lads Division eight we
are are we 909 wins 0 losses 0 draws
within division 8 we have 7,000 coins
but I'm gonna have to buy a fitness card
so probably no more than like 5000 coins
just to be safe that's all for today the
top comment will be the one I choose
thank you guys watching and see ya now
big noses back leaves that give me a
in for maybe la Sanchez please please
get oh oh
