what's up guys and welcome back to a
two-player draft with another side man
today we are joined with this way you
see a name Kunta Kinte oh my god we are
joined with tobio Tok Jizzle as you may
know him you can check him out there
just go to an if you don't don't try
something a bit different I've tried to
draft with Jay Z I've tried it with Josh
to try to evict but today we are trying
it with Toby and the dice the giant dice
diet sky the diet you tell me the dog no
shit
so obviously there are five options for
formation in every position we are going
to roll the dice and whatever it lands
on we have to choose that number if it
is six we get the choice we're going to
record another video straight after this
on Toby's channel which you can check
out in the description as well Toby
let's get into the draft right ok
apparently I'm going first this is for
formation
alright so formation here we go so
there's there's only five options what
you don't same as the same as everything
uh yep I may have mucked up there but
didn't even reach wrote it if it is a
three so we are using the four three one
two to go
no no pressure huh so many water at six
no I already do it I don't wanna burn or
six oh my god was it oh I believe the
white okay so I'm just gonna pick around
the position all right that one go for
that there we go oh I'm so bad at
throwing this what is it six four six
now that we're not gonna believe that
our chicken is a single is this I think
we're acid I was going to save refuse oh
that's good rat see ya grassy I want to
go woof go okay go keep up yeah how do
we get we get we get well that's just
like show me mmmm whatever okay oh I
like there let's check it all right I'm
gonna go with the other centre-back but
three three oh that's not good
Oh to demonstrate you like oh good
chemistry all right you know what I'm
gonna go with a big position cam cam
okay okay
there's none what's the point Oh what is
this just about yogurt ready
wait Oh Myrna okay I have to burn again
it was a sick stop it right it's where I
go oh it's a pool hard at all right so
you need a failure shake through these
love me oh shit Oh Kim Oh bowls guess
Ivanovich over there it's a bye do we
count that number again that's very good
towed away sixes we're taking that we
need to learn to throw is you can
probably do we also read a lot over our
shoulder it's a six it's a six everyone
oh my oh all right my striker oh no
pressure very ready for this
what's this boom six six yeah all right
let's lean always let's let's see what
we are fine we have behind bars records
should we risk it you really sorry for a
chocolate biscuit let's do it wait how
do we want anything by 5:00 right now
yeah just any apparently he's amazing in
this game yeah you know what I'm happy
with anything
I actually double the six it's five what
Hey whoa okay so that's the team we also
have the subs and let's just do these
quick you're gonna throw the first day
all right we'll again the to the hey up
by one
gran-gran oh no just not good one again
- what I didn't matter anyway next one
for summary this is war wait I liked
doing it before - okay so this is we're
gonna hit the second plan here
Oh Oh
Isabella nice which fits with him oh
it's a no hero is another - what is it
anymore
Oh pink one okay so this is the first
one let's get this one right sir
oh that could have been good and the
final one for today is on one last
person salvia is a terrible one we are
going to try and make the best thing we
can out of this which you need to
clicker there we go we're gonna make the
best people's Mother's and you will find
out the team is done the dice is gone we
can get rid of that and now this is what
the team looks like so 81 chemistry and
decent I think we did really well Toby
your most fitted honest so there are
anything's wrong with it Tim no I think
we basically decided that name on sevens
and come on if we need that one name I
will come on and Trevor's if we need it
so we're gonna play one game now see if
we can win no we're forgot about this
you know we have a lot of Italian just
fine we had a lot of Italians as well
that's why I said no but you said Syria
no said Italians okay we're lost Syria
shut up I saw his team he's got Ronaldo
and Messi how do you get bugs how does
it get on two cameras low but not now
you know what I actually feel the most
confident I've actually felt out of
anyone with you oh definitely I said
that to everyone what I'm blue okay
doesn't need ever da he's blue I'm right
now let's go
oh go go winger here's a freaky oh you
know with it he knows we're a bit
through that oh dude oh great mascot
mascot Oh best oh okay this is a bad day
go look up oh please don't move oh let's
see okay
just to hang on right foot like that oh
sorry tosser you tell you so well good
job that is right so once I'm gonna get
great pass Toby shut up
big block I don't know whatever laughs
all those before in the first place
that's all that matters hey walk on the
flip longer
let's bet no and then look and then and
then oh good member member single
letting us go really confident confident
ready ball Brennan Toby Toby oh my oh so
me know I watch them I watch them okay
I'm gonna okay okay I'm after cross okay
you going bill
okay yeah fucking on our keeper is a
spec why does he keep diving like this
hey Marsh brilliant run it's a great
board know what so wait wait he can head
it like that and yet I can't pass it a
little before you know I mean where your
radio lunch line now I know nine okay
all right where am I going there's
nobody up in the middle oh there's my
neighbor what doing well doing all right
I know you we should win olia no always
down no Ronaldo's they're going crazy up
there you go let good yeah oh come on
thank god oh my god probably be worse
going history I'll take it we will take
it yeah we will take it
Oh whole time and we were winning just
about but even is very nice I wouldn't
say we've certain good I would okay yeah
we don't we do deserve it how are you
on our house
nice nice well oh you're scared yeah
look at is a great yeah alright you know
what man you got one man one man to be
nice whip it through the glass I don't
know I had that ball I don't know
normally I miss those as well who's one
evolved I mean that good I'll tell my
back Oh what the hell everything my
house you know what - hey guys today is
terrible yesterday is actually awful
somehow it's only 3:00 - right now all
lay back it's nice no what no what no no
no not a nice broken oh no no no no no
no no no D say something same will save
something that's good
I'm going again I'm going to go good
what are you gonna what goodsoon yes no
no wait wait put it back no wait wait
wait
well no cause I drove away no I don't
know I'm so lost
then game I confront name up how name up
no no no no no no no no I suppose it was
girls no Toby I wound up
I'm sorry fine okay oh-ho-oh he's mean
muggin fuck okay give me to that that no
shits up I'll shit 19th minute does
yours yours yours yours
we literally have like one minute left
and we are winning 3-2 look no store no
hey up hands yes yeah this is the most
Awkward hug a mother oh we did it oh my
god you are the second person that I had
one leg how did he get men ever met I
have no idea was terrible
so guys another draft done and the dice
is paid off kind of funny the team
wasn't the best but we still managed to
win now we're gonna go play a game on
Toby's channel which you can check out
in the description as I said earlier I
thank us watching things over playing
having me see up these these give me a
frickin in for maybe now such as please
please get all whoa
