y'all what's up guys and welcome to
another pack opening I am very hungover
so I don't know if I'm even going to be
very loud sigh 88k 87k but anyway we are
still trying to schlep all that purple
arendelle skills like gay and there are
15 K pack so we're just gonna go
straight into it and just scored like 5
goals please give me someone really
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba stephen yak
cerner that's the one I meant I don't
know I just made noises I Ronaldo these
two have literally the furthest
different head shapes ever give me some
one big nose give me someone that is
worth actually getting not a freaking
terrible that's about Noah's Giroud
that's fantastic Gabi adeney as well try
or a great hair make these are
absolutely shocking I'm opening this
Alma's coins because I feel like coins
may actually help me out here please no
no okay no blows someone someone that is
good week hi that was a small hope there
ah final 15k pact
please give me someone worth game please
oh oh oh
I choked I'm on way out okay why do they
do this
why is he not the player that pops up
roughly 20k you know that's a gave this
thing a difficulty but I just got worse
to be honest I literally just want any
informed don't really I know I've got
one but I want a golden form but we get
danila oh yeah danila any inform that's
gold any freaking gold informed Marcelo
no Alba no wow I am definitely not on it
today now I'm hungry for paninis as well
Oh messy
you're my pilots on and what do we have
here one jumbo gone okay what the actual
fuck why did I just get that you know I
didn't I didn't actually realize what
that was
this could be our safety lights this
could be our Saviour do the thing
do the thing aggro oh wow that's even
worse oh my god it's a shit one I
thought it was all players I mean I did
get it for free so and I just got
another 750 coins so can't the play but
I always find a way I've actually
decided that this is the pack because
that's just going to give me an in-form
or you know like because he's got a big
nose we go for the nose pack there we go
nose back and we're gonna skip it as
well in three two one
I love I love I love I love I love I
love I love I love Oliver I do is get
good play or no good player but I always
get someone better than the last pack
this is the one one inform now now this
is it one inform please okay okay it's
alright oh boy let's go I got a lot of
players how much new cellphone 29:30 day
work a I could deal with that so when
Ronaldinho Rubini over aldo all of that
law added the yneouws and the O's at the
end they chose actual names you know rob
normal name Ronald Reuel named Bob is
not a name this is a freaking fab anyway
spikes on a pack opening Harry Kane mate
what are you gonna give me skip skip
okay Dennis orphan Cheryl Island on just
give me something good please messy well
this is great isn't it this is
definitely gonna get me someone even
with a LeBron the Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba fuck
off Kaka rainbow
oh my god Alan that's another name it
shouldn't be Brazilian leadership gene
is this song for a girl annoying just
give me a good player please I don't
wonder who lad oh why is that not the
player flashes up I don't get it that's
just fantastic isn't it
I don't know what to do anymore guys I
just want to gold inform or something at
least good no no I don't want this piece
of Gusinsky and I sure as hell don't
wanna get this sky moon yawn again I
will bring again
sonic boom this is not working at all oh
I'm not match up maybe if I put more
energy saw Nick OH
davit beer just needs to learn to not be
in the game anymore now this is where it
happens
cuz the hoods fully up now so now
Griezmann gives me you know that in
inform now big noses back please give me
a freakin in for maybe da Sanchez please
please get all whoo ha ha ha Oh Dave oh
my god name-o we have to do something
it's your old friend Neymar oh my god oh
my god
I sure did
oh my god I've been waiting to do that
for a long time name or record ow
obviously go for oh my god oh my god ah
I think I'm done I don't think I know I
didn't get informed by I think I'm dumb
big nose again I don't care anymore
danza kuduro yeah back to the pack so
Harry Kane Guinea Montero
you know what I'll actually take it and
burn to kill me Oh her name are still
Gary you know I still can't believe I
got Nomad oh oh we get freakin Muller
again that is start wow I'm going like I
still selling for coins ha ha ha comes
now you know what guys I am done that is
my last pack the wear o finish it off
thank you guys for watching I'm sorry
this might have been a long video stop
you're not match oh thank you guys for
watching see ya boom oh God one nail 100
and I lose my first game I might cry now
for real man so your connection out
please what the Frick what the more is
going down no how did he even get shots
there I do voice actually going on this
lag is horrific
this lag is horrific another goal
