yo what's up guys are welcome to the
berry pest I asked you guys who to buy
with almost 5000 coins you guys said
this lalana that is a good shout because
if you look brand-new shiny kissing him
then follow me and I'm at the spot where
he's not shiny so um I mean I guess we
still get him so the team is looking
like this at a moment but it would have
snap of the fingers it can look like
this it's not getting any better
actually that kind of helps even though
he's a lot worse I have just spent a
thousand coins on a fitness card so
after this game I will have to make
everyone fit because George Beth has to
play every game back to the Caesar we
are still undefeated in this league and
in total we have that 5 and 0 record
that I do not plan on losing today one
win and we will be safe in the division
two wins and I will almost be promoted
lads I guess we see what we can do so
the team we have is an all gold team but
it's it's a strain it's a strange
strange team yeah well it can't be
George best surely oh can it got it no
no oh my god
no never slide Simon never ever slide
playing Braylon oh good why is george
vesta boy i just do that and then
finesse yep good or shop
okay George best man George you are on
it I know he didn't score but that's a
good shot so now he whips it in which
the into the board guy you know people
pizza we have a very small chance it may
be a very small shot but he's been into
something yes I don't even know when you
are being scored who is this guy who is
this mysterious Sol Campbell look-alike
is petit petit petit I I don't know who
ever is he is insane actually
really well for me
in the past in the past gravity yes him
go go for me still I we have a very
dangerous position for a ticket please
laughs that was absolutely shocking I
forgot to hold LB oh he's just brought
back up oh no this is my down for isn't
it
Oh charts it just there look at that and
then George you know what it's George
best why not make what how did he just
catch that I Pesci is having a game of
his life whoever that was wasn't good
laughs see good Howard are you in the
book what I you know what we have
another position socially fit
malleability
you're so bad I need a free kick taker
that's what I need oh no oh no no well
I'm really not comfortable with my
brother's goalkeeper I need a goalkeeper
as well I need every position seen him
down there oh boy I actually need it you
know what boom buh buh buh buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh buh Bobby Boucher scores
and it was an assist from Pepsi I told
you Pesci is the God on earth oh no oh
no come on give in deposit in there and
then turn up
laughs and see that's a foul Shirley
wait oh no we made it on time to nil up
and yet the net a shot on target there's
not much more I could have asked and
maybe a third but no that's that's just
being greedy wanted after that you know
what Clement I shouldn't have done that
but Boucher no no no wait wait wait wait
wait no blasted leg oh oh oh oh no no no
no no no lose quickly that's not oh my
god this game is absolutely horrible oh
no no no no
please don't be one of them took nice
Brooke it was him again it was him again
he is literally putting so much pressure
on this is horrible I just need a
freaking third go a third go and I will
be happy I'll be happy forever no no no
great save what is happening with no no
we got 10 minutes left I just need a
frickin bad goal at least slowed him
down a bit please gonna score a corner
at some point no if it continues like
this night great head up okay you know
what pass it cross right and then okay
freaking dude that is George Bester his
finest right puffing put it in there for
the back all right
I'll do that dude oh no so close that's
it no that's the day we oz deserved
maybe not three nil but it was deserved
the wind which means we're safe in the
division if I can win this next game
though that would purse in a great
position to win the title and that's a
whole three thousand coins and we're
gonna have to use it we're gonna have to
make everyone fit again because I don't
think they can last another game so take
a look at the team lads because this is
the best team we have to make a note of
which player you want me to buy I'll
have about 4,000 points the most liked
comment will be the one I choose right
game two right second game and we're
playing against the best our team this
this is good I hope I just hope he's not
good ah ah please I don't want to lose a
game once I've lost the ever won't care
anymore but that first game is the one
where it's just a little bit more
annoying if I lose oh this is good this
is good you know what you know what you
know what boom there are no Oh cross oh
no place there's a little bit of lag but
he's off side I pass it off Potter
alright here we go here we go wait boom
Oh God one nail 100 and I lose for first
game I might cry now for real man so
your connect now please
what the Frick what the war is going
down No
how did he even get shots there I do
voice actually going on this lag is
horrific this lag is horrific and does
it go
leave mr. came that I know I need to
actually stop being stupid now I need to
just accept the lag and just play on
right there you go
there you go lalana with the color into
his hands come on man you should be
scoring that you lalana to its best look
at this look that puff in one more
levity
you are wait wait whoa whoa whoa no
lavender you are white climate that was
sway that run that's the difference
between a gold player although although
boom okay he is a gold player and he
still didn't do a good touch compliment
bloomin where he was this the ladder
boom that is I meant like a little a
little edge to your right and then just
put it in mad statements being said go
on playin huh oh no I need a second go I
am not comfortable at all
I mean I like I have a few chances every
now and then like this is one this is
one this is one no new series just work
there to lalana okay it was Robles but
anyway you get the idea
yes turn cigs us ref ref ref ref rap
Georgie aha he doesn't have the fitness
he doesn't have the fitness lads Oh
go saying that saying that okay wait
saying that boom oh that time pen
something that was ridiculous I don't
know how I'm not scoring any of these
flames claim in and then finish that
there you can thank you clapping about
time I love the tea with two goals big
man this game and halftime as well still
no shots on-target from him he should
have probably scored one of them so
there is a little bit of me that is
worried because if there's still that
piece of 15 you know comeback material
I'm screwed we go and then turning turn
run across front right wait wait
vine one Laverty row 1/3 of a big master
day get hatchery hero Laverty turns one
turns two hits it cross goal and I he's
just missed it no I thought that's a no
great block alright I told you guys he
still could come back I mean I merely
it's quite unlikely right now but it's a
you scored that one right there he's
back in the claimant blow him in and
then right now you know what petty petty
this is your time yeah I bet you know I
really wanted to do well cos he's so
sick Pesci Pesci
bet joy I saved it come on just lame
school and that is fun in the new chart
in the new charts lefty gravity
boom there we go for Neil this is
putting me in a ridiculous position for
promotion next episode why are you
forcing me now what are you doing you
got seven minutes left just play the
game let's just agree alright that I
deserve to win hence why I did win one
Pepsi
you know what Pesci boom that's it's a
good effort that's what we need great
game great frickin cake or Neil Appetit
the big man four goals fully freakin
deserved and that means I'm one point of
promotion four points off the title four
thousand coins and I get another three
thousand if I win the title so you guys
need to let me know so long for roughly
four to five thousand most liked comment
with the one I choose remember that so
thank you guys for watching
and soon the ref is from South Africa as
well I this is gonna be fun all right
Lefty
show you ah yep laugh at eat little bit
disappointed in you but the charts are
still there
the charts are still there right ready
boom and then pull em in boom there you
go how are you gonna miss that laying in
blame in I am n for this
