what you think I'll do it again maybe a
little bit but the good look at this god
it's so purple I mean he does deserve II
do get like five goals in nine minutes
then we got Sanchez and storage those
the other two I want I mean I'll be
happy with any but those two especially
it's x over four packs Wow
proper that was the ads cuz it into a
proper way but her okay though you know
what I can't do it I thought I can't
whip I know I can't wait hey Michelle
Buster's he's getting a bit older I just
don't get the point of these I mean why
would I want to play on terrible as well
I mean I will tell Baba Baba Baba
vertical in big nose give me a big
playoff give me a player's big as your
nose come on like I said please please
oh it's great at least I get him so much
I need one good player and that is all I
need today just one good player and I am
happy for you to even get Munna that's
fantastic a freakin eight if I get any
of those big players I am stopping right
there okay so if I get one of those in
forms or and freaking purple lemon douse
key I'm stopping knowing you just sense
it's gonna be a good player yeah you
know when you sense it deep down yeah
well I am NOT sensing that right now I
like I knew that wasn't coming I got a
lot of players no I'm not sour about it
come on
come on come on come on come on come on
come on Pepe Pepe Tommy whoa okay I know
I know you're probably like yzn amazed
about her paper is decent any goes
he goes for like 17 K so I just thought
it was he'll take him I'll take him as
well as this plan that pops up now no
I'm not gonna take him yes just lead
that's becoming my kid oh no yells any
oh no controls are saying that you guys
are about same as pepper
so the first of why I'm happy about
pepper bin or him it's fully honest I
get it cause he looks like Voldemort
fine I'll just open packs normally okay
here we go
Oh Griezmann Wow every day I get because
I know that so many times olive olive
olive olive olive olive ah we can allege
it must listen to people odor
oh my god how much to go for hosting 130
million match the hundred citizens only
666 ok 600 K but it's a legend I told
you today was a good day I don't know
what to do do I just end it there
you know what I'm actually gonna end it
on that I got a legend that's my first
legend in FIFA 16 and hopefully it
worked with my anyone so yeah that is it
for today thank you guys for watching
this is my last pack I'm sorry that it's
short okay but I got a legend thank you
guys for watching that's so sad thank
you whatever I can't talk soup Oh school
Cinco - hola in the school I was oh my
god I'm not even home
