welcome to Big Brother clubs ten
youtubers face the chance to be the
ultimate club player Anacin give the
bunch it FIFA mani
zarqa bazinga nepenthez Tobias gaming
sway back key our new boss and AAA 9
skills and me euros each episode will
consist of two games the team will be
randomly selected from a hat each
episode the positions will change and at
the end of the episode everyone will
have two votes for the worst two players
of the game those two will be put into a
straw poll for you to decide who goes so
let's find out the team for today right
so in front of me is a very good-looking
hat which you can buy on side makeover
dome anyway the way you're gonna pick
the right back first so right back today
it's bazinga I actually do fuck you
right only the right-center back is
gonna be its way back over here boom I
got you Ethan you early right there in
the backline left center back and he
sing give up in the back left back is
the
oh right CDM is next we have Tobias oh
damn copy that's a big roll rate right
midfield is FIFA Manny left midfield is
circa whoo Calvin cam position is a nine
skills yeah yeah right striker is
Burchett which means the left striker is
Keanu boss I wish I know girls Manny
there's one thing until you play right
meet just you know I'm gonna be playing
Rodney Jordan between I'll just drive
right back I'm a kind of riding back the
always overlaps you know that's not very
good I just want everyone to know that
this team depends on the Burton chinh
doan Tim the pressures on you bro the
pressure is our new just chill out bro
just good like and just chill out if you
got a beverage drink a little bit
hospital or a saint though cause fucking
Stryker you turn the fuckin ball you
score burn shit Gossett know what I'm
going on it for dude it's so scary so
the first game for Brenna's FC who's
gonna be the worst two players don't
don't even I need that a fire like I
told you I really wanna right everyone
i honest things out who is the worst
player okay oh my god we got no watch is
broken
yes I was really fun chip is that you
all right wait wait wait get in the game
our lives we'll make some progress in
the two hours later the real first game
now oh they have so many people oh yes
oh shit is this a lot of other oh my god
name they call for your name sacrifice
because she's in a league on FIFA name
they're gonna be so good are these guys
got quitting the legs I'm on my guy I'm
on my good thing you're fine brother
smoking incredible defendant fuck you
meet geisha no that's me that's me I got
this - oh shit play your new nice play
alright wait why is Zack accord bazinga
the hottest just fuck you
my plasmid foiled haha guys I'm warning
you I've never played and go before boys
you got this you got this boys I believe
it oh yes you Oh
oh you got me bro dude look at me I'm
hoping that mate oh I'm coming
oh shit Oh hiya sighs I know he said
Nathan I like that
thanks man okay teams already forming
guys I had it covered guys we can win
this we can actually win this yeah we
can't win this yeah
no one sounded convincing Apokolips
either I believe I believe Oh brilliant
ball back out that can't go tight it's
one one to me
I scored that's the one to you is one of
my screen recording for best honor
oh good
did you just fucked us
was there anything I could have done
about that no oh yeah nice guy who's
going way too fast and such' come on
yeah thanks Josh you could've broke his
arm he drordy for me yeah yes Billy when
that's what it says a great song
I nearly scored twice though but plans
backfiring yeah I'm giving up I'm giving
up a pen right here I'll get the bargain
I'm just kidding I'm just kidding I was
that you dude
okay I'm okay listen I know that your
dude no we got to make that clear
because that wasn't me bro I was right
Nestor no wasn't me don't watch me look
at that look at the replay dude that was
Isaac good show let the record show the
record show oh my god another locker
room but I think we all have pressures
get into him balls huh oh yeah you got
us
oh not wide enough there yeah nice play
your support as a precision gonna need
it
I can't run Monday - - you know it I
forgot honestly thought about one this
day but like I can't run my guys dead yo
it was which was real and if I myself
now what it's about so then I so I'm on
team oh you're nice boss that's a plus
player
I'd say past bball cameras or pulled up
now there's good place like my place
I'm staying on the team let's go guys I
didn't cut you thank you I feel like we
played a fantastic game which come on
oh-oh-oh great guy nice okay I got three
gay boys are lucky that's all the magic
in this we've got the untouched
yes--we Allion who else is getting hello
I came to the game of redemption Ali is
er pass ladies already be yeah thank you
for the past 0.0 as a nice boss CRT I
look at the Accu so Ethan knows all
right I promise you start oh yeah oh oh
my god yes whoo Oh beautiful oh
Beautiful player you wants it beautiful
blood bank no no no that was my shot
mate no no I can't I can't you tell I'm
so so competitive
oh my god why don't you oh I know Holly
come on I bet my freedom right I see you
Ethan I see you oh let's go play though
never love them switch me oh come on I'm
only worried about guys I got a li la
lames wave my heels begins you watch the
replay watch the replay look at me
I sent him over to you I said boy I Lika
so got to poop - fuck - sorry guys there
you go Oh school Cinco - hola but open
the school I was
oh okay where the fuck is the
Oh
roasted tomato look at this box Amy I'm
here I'm gonna fart oh stop foreclose
bronchoscope oh my god
I dislike you oh no this is beautiful
man
nobody's she could kick with my great
football yeah just like in Dragon oh I
just I just got kicked you can go that
you're in series is this still 2 1
yes yes we're still with mr. wood they
were still with it Simon yeah okay we're
so good what's happening I mean for
Annie twice on the straw poll help
Alison given in Alison give me him
I think that's what they meant by twice
Toby thighs right when Simon left
everything went downhill man yeah that
just shows how much of a commitment I
play oh hey what's up you like to play
with a window liquor as your teammate
said about
you know you do as much as you can to
help them out but at the end of this
island oh yeah yeah the game into the
middle Oh bill so much base cool please
this is a bloody go shoot I'll be ready
for you
boys I got Nick so huge dude I was
cranes here come on
keep this no one needs to know ah
okay so the votes are in the bottom to
sway back yourself oh my god oh no it's
nice like I was scaring me I thought
like I was the first one out best
defender Lopez yes a selca oh yes a
Keanu you're not safe Oh tip hi you are
so holy shit hey a will safe Wow why you
see me - laughs we know Ethan you'll say
yes Manny
yeah Aniston kid a little bias the other
person going up for eviction
laughing it's a shocker do it again
it's the Alice again actually committee
if else be now how close was it between
me and oh let's just say it was more
than triple ha ha ha ha well that now
means that Keanu and aniseh Gibb going
into a boat which you can check out in
the description you can also check out
everyone's channels in the description
and yeah whoever has the least votes by
I don't know let's give it let's give it
three days they're out ally you still
have a chance he has a chance I have no
chance that's all for today there you
guys watching and sip all right George
Gore George Gorge orge George best match
that you can't match the very best I am
so happy I'm actually using him a little
bit more cause literally by hours it's
just so easy when it's George
Oh No
Oh No
