just know when you see me you're looking
at y'all what's up guys and welcome back
to another the very best featuring
George best this is a team at a moment
and I asked you guys who can I get
finally someone suggested something good
now unfortunately there were actually
some other top comments but for some
reason YouTube don't like showing them
so the top comment when I looked was
this Lafferty so right now I'm a go by
Lafferty and it is a sick suggesting
with his northern I really fit to this
Andy is cheap as hell so to join George
best now we have how does my chemistry
go down you know what we're gonna have
to play this theme because apparently my
cam is too tired pathetic but we have a
new player we still have 2000 coins
because wallet you guys were watching I
was secretly playing against the team in
a week and I won on amateur so we're
back in division 10 we need one win
today to get the title which is our
whole weapon 2000 coins soul a fatty and
best do your thing and hopefully by the
end of this episode I will have about
four or five four and a half thousand
coins so you guys need to tell me
probably a goalkeeper a left-winger or
like a centre-back horse right back
someone that bits well someone that fits
don't go name in some ridiculous person
either cause 20,000 coins
so the first opponent to take on lap at
sea is this averaged 860 game that's all
I could deal with that he's taking a
alright laughs a teammate have your
first touch there we go looking oh okay
look at look at the teamwork already
okay it's broken down Oh hot on know
that was this easy boss or pulse in a
shot set a shot no okay it's still a
chance so that's not exactly where I
wanted it there are you literally such
easy passes what dude okay gone turned
out
oh wow okay pause it and the big one
let's go before signing in to anyone
della okay it wasn't even apathy I'm an
idiot oh no oh no no no no I gotta see
my defense is solid you know my defense
it may be bronze
yeah maybe bronze but look it up look
you caught you just can't do that with a
terrible defense in fact I am actually
in a lot of trouble bail yeah you're a
little you know that I conjure j--
come on George
come on George ready oh oh you don't
know Kay you really do know where is it
ah one more one more
playin bum bag George George's okay
George's I see tonight I open the
floodgates last time now it starts all
right you know what you know what I'm
not liking this pressure he's starting
to put some work in he started puts the
pressure on now it's time to put some
pressure
no big tackle no no no no no no no no
how the hell was he go through our why
you turning hours.this you spamming get
rid oh my no no no no not it just
changed player
it changed player for me no I've
actually I've actually go back and think
that I half time he's got a corner
survive till the half go
right buzzer no now I have an attacking
you blow the whistle got a little bit
lucky cuz he may be deserving to win
saying that remember this remember this
song goal may be a draw is fair come on
laugh a tee come on make do something
good with your life do so i i i i yeah
mmm laughing we may have to sell you
after this game hi George Gore George
Gorge orge George best match that you
can't match the very best I am so happy
I'm actually using him a little bit more
cuz literally like I was like it's just
so easy when it's George oh no oh no
I've made a big big slide and it didn't
work
it's not working my tackling isn't
working oh oh oh the final one works the
final one what great traffic greater
good no I didn't pass that Lafferty's
I'm in a shock of what seen a chance
Steve Jobs all right laugh at II know
the key was right there why am I not
playing that back post oh oh oh oh he's
mucked up he's mucked up rest how is
that no foul please be on please go on
please be on please please be on please
be on those easy but that was easy for
is his last freaking chance and he's
might up has he no he hasn't given one
set up yet oh I just need the tackle
please no make a cycle global posture
okay right right you know what
boom let's end the game blow your
frickin whistle blow your whistle that's
the toilet
we were out division 10 there's a tile
2,000 extra coins and we are into that
beautiful division I'm with four and a
half thousand coins as I said let me
know in the comments most liked comment
will be the one I choose we're going
into Game two I've realized the teams
always gonna be got those two
players were nasty please please please
a terrible TR hundred cam I told you
guys's the chemistry I can't deal with
all South African team here this will be
fun way we're way away the ref is from
South Africa as well I this is gonna be
fun all right lofty show you our gate
laugh at a little bit disappointed in
you but the chance is still there the
Charles are still there right ready boom
and then climb in boom there you go how
are you gonna miss that lame in claim in
alright and then finesse when the
slapper take in the school no that's
always I was in the fitter I would be
fuming if I was him I we have a chance
we have a chance we have a big big
chance what am i doing I've apps what
the is that part that is absolutely
mad Oh
no no no stop running across stop stop
stop
ha ha ha ha run Oscar I wish this was
actually the real Oscar but you know
what that's a good ball there's a great
oh it's not that great but George's
thought a corner corner spine in the 42
minute whip it in like that and then ah
come back to it and then dink it boom
that's a corner again yeah that's what I
thought get rid of the player there and
then prank but ha ha I'm actually like
hysterical right now because I can't
believe I'm winning halftime to nil up I
can't complain and he's actually only
had one shot just please hang on what
the not know you you bit oh this
guy's coming back and he's gonna win oh
my oh I can I can i retaliate straight
away No
are you serious you okay pen ref where's
my pen what the hell was going on
do not give him another pedal do not
give him another pedal
oh my god get rid seat thank you no no
no more go oh my god is giving me a
yellow ok listen to yellow oh no I don't
know let's go now so he's literally
 in the head he's my mind
oh ho oh bitch
no no no no no no no no I didn't mean to
kick that either stop please
killing me blaming Oh boom just like you
mad on my neck I'm literally just just
him on that Oh ha ha Robles thank you
for being raucous oh oh oh trace back
chased about 90 minute clock as long as
school right now long as he doesn't
school right begin now oh oh oh oh one
more no no no no no revs thank you take
that tail out that's it that's it surely
that's the game at a time let's take
your time I can't actually resist the
chance to turn down a shot like that
blues or Heil apathy is the first shot
targeting
may not deserved it but that's not what
matters is it we have just won our first
game a division 9 we have 5000 coins
pretty much with a record of 5 wins 0
draws 0 losses doing very very well
right now considering the theme let me
know who you want me to buy four
thousand nine hundred and sixty coins
the most likely I'll be the one I choose
I will actually try and find the most
liked comment but it disappeared this
time I'm sorry thank you guys for
watching and see ya alright and then uh
oh wow okay he's gone back to you it's
not wit alright right
no thank you thank you this could be
Redemption it could be - okay it's me
it's on you
this is good no that's not good is too
close Vic no those are chance I'm sorry
I saw room I don't know I'm actually so
concentrated right now
