what's up guys and welcome back to the
draft with two people today I'm joined
with probably the best paper player I've
ever known and it should be pretty easy
because today we have Victor do you even
know what the draft is it's a chess
piece right all right we're screwed
the draft is where you have to basically
just build a team and then play someone
online I'm gonna play one game and just
so you know I have lost with Josh and
I've lost the chase
so no clever work yeah except now we
could lose what yeah goals that would
probably be worse okay all right so
we're gonna take it in turns and I'm not
allowed to help in any way so Vic I'm
gonna just let you choose the formation
as well one of those five am i a bad
person picking on with the most numbers
well they were looks like it start
yeah this is the closest to it start
okay so four one two one two wide all
right social I start and then you can
follow okay all right so I'm gonna pick
first and I'm gonna go with right now
you can pick any position you want I can
put a plan yeah you press a and it'll
give you five options
all right so surely I own a big song
with the high number right or is it like
you got any chemistry and stuff it's a
mix of both well then all you guys an
engine screwed I'm just gonna go for the
strike because we need this is more it
go
so taking Berlin your turn hi guys
okay I see look that way I'm gonna pick
I'm gonna get one of these too I'm gonna
fit I'm gonna pick the catalyst here we
go for the striker again because
catalyst right I don't come to terms
with the verb that it's not gonna like
being near anyone like this there's
obviously someone here that I like
should pick that's all like is there
something really obvious oh my god was
so screwed I don't know any of this
means we're going Colorado okay
oh listen whisper here yes I'm gonna
pick the gold key I'm going to leave
that quiet for we get reserves like so
like so I hold up a second let me go
back the green lines are good yeah and
the red lines are bad yep I've made a
lot of then show you like what the lines
gonna be all yeah if you hold X on one
of the flows
okay this one is as well obviously I
could have made that decision this guy's
hair is mental oh we get George best as
oh yeah yeah you know the final player
sure all right now we're gonna try and
guess chemistry best team possible as we
have to be back in a set right so we've
actually managed to salvage something
our defense is a bit shaky but it's
tax-free decent we're gonna bring me now
to on the straightaway 85 chemistry I
believe who knows let's find out all
right so his team's longer than air but
has he completed a full season of
learning
cuz you I did I did it for finally on
paper 15 hi you ready
yeah he's in pinky's printing okay
you're blue okay
yeah when doing you pass in this game ya
have to be facing where you wanna pass
honestly you know it's been a while
I'm a bit rusty it's fine man it's fine
you know despite we've not conceded yeah
with three minutes
oh no oh no I saw that went off oh isn't
it why is it ways give me these I don't
know I don't go don't throw it don't
throw any more bit we're losin right so
what have you done so far
why we not bought what we need ran out
oh yeah where is Reynaldo let's bring
him on let's bring one alright bringing
him on come on Ron see we lured him in
with a deception we let him score and
then we bring over in our down the game
upside down I just don't see that it's
cuz we're not near his gotta get to
consume consume smokes me my milk run
run alright possibly need oh oh
and now shoot no you got you took that
little touch okay give him different oh
okay please playing us he's playing us
no okay that's fine
nice nice all right and then up oh wow
okay he's going back to you let's not
worry all right
right now thank you thank you very this
could be it could be okay to me he's on
you this is good no that's not good is
too close Vic no I don't know I'm
actually so concentrated right now right
orange juice yeah he's going all the way
no he's not
maybe Oh to poop guys one one ok time
it's half time we can have a break and
some oranges some lunch life we've only
had one shot on target I into the second
half come on if we can just get one more
lucky go no just don't don't slide what
have you
Oh give it Geron Wow okay that's fine
it's fine we got we're moving out the
pictures where we move it it's fine this
is like more even inside of you're doing
a lot better than okay keep running just
run just run just run run just run
okay that's fine go to Vic
look nice you pay more no that's it
what's the same spam shoot just fab
shoot
it's about should get rid good so I
shoot nice we're surviving but we're not
really putting any way on I don't know
how we can win this though he's just
constantly on the attack yeah get rid
Vic never bother if it's going like that
just yeah Vic is the 90 seconds in it
these you're gonna just whip it it I'm
gonna move it in there I'm just spawn
shoot
yeah just go now oh my god that's a
terrible that's my fault
no wait wait we have a chance we have a
chance
boom okay pause on one more Oh gross
gross Oh unless please yes it's just hi
how long's your time we haven't lost yet
we're getting destroyed by go go friend
let's go just make a run scores
I feel like a lot of the time when I
pass it's like a lottery it's just that
you never know what's gonna happen on it
I mean I tried again we're not winning
the lottery at the moment okay this
doesn't make no no no no no this is it
he's gonna score he's gonna score no
right it's our time we just need that
one lucky goal I believe we're like this
one Elia I really wanna win I'm going
for grab the lucky shot oh no we gotta
shoot no no no no this is very bad this
is super bad like
yes no no whoa Nick is the hundred and
twentieth minute
I think it's over come on it's over but
that means the stairways know you've
reached wait one more there you go
tickets up no I went too far that's
gonna be it
got it that's it you don't know how to
take pero we do not really hold be a
little bit unlike okay so right all
right I'll teach you figuring goals as
he's about to kick the ball just hold
post-merge direction all right there you
go take one out try and get it in the
green all right I'm gonna go please
please yes
come on all right it's going going out
you ain't go please
there's no messy steps up
Centrum it nights laptop right here it's
your turn again in the green Oh
you scored
where is he gonna chain right when
you're in gold go for that corner top
left please note okay alright I think
this is it wait no wait this is if I say
this is done if you save you in yeah and
if you score you in you have two chances
to win this yr me
oh wow how's the first-round battle for
but the role is one yeah we don't get
into the next round
yeah so we got destroyed now he got he
got destroyed anyways yeah just
unorthodox
if you guys don't for any reason know
who thick is by the way you can check
him out in the description he is him
he's the best FIFA player in the world
as I said thank you guys for watching
and sir
go keep it run give it wrong it's nice
to like the first time I think of you
spirometry oh wait this is bail what
what my own about go now really there
okay go applause no he went events plus
it down play on play on
Oh big group em big old rock always you
sit up
good no no no no no you saw the t-shirt
you still a t-shirt no I'm not I'm
assuming do you guys see that that's a
that's a t-shirt
