oh you know someone cool me out now I'm
gonna save got the big stuff anyway
welcome to the vlog we're gonna go try
and get a balloon but we need to buy
something for it like a big gun we need
a smaller nozzle I never thought the
size would be an issue and do you know
that looks like an elephant testicle why
is this just into cool not we were using
it to predict who's gonna win out JJ and
Jo Jo Ellen in the fight today
oh my god that is the phone that
grenade-launcher go in oh my god oh my
god oh my god
thank you then we got we got stairs how
much for you to get those legs oh yeah
it's gonna work thanks to George we were
trying to fit inside a balloon but it
popped twice wait you're leaving
I just know we are right
Canada water no white school Canada
water imported from it what's different
I mean look at look how clear that is
compared to the River Thames I'm genuine
I swear I swear I'm Canadian I think I
know what I be trolling about that I'm
not lying
that is Canada water ice I promise okay
I was lying
so we are here at somewhere for an AK
event
I'm wearing a glove but I know I'm okay
signing our own teachers let's be nice
yeah in a nice little round three oh
Jesus
roast me daddy rocket corn in his wires
not going for that
all right so we are giving this away if
you want to win it all you have to do is
follow us on Twitter hashtag Ranaut
there to follow me and money and yeah if
you live in England who knows all right
so pancake time when we do think then
just do them like the normal I'm not
just making you know two pancakes we're
making a lot of projects each of these
is gonna make six it's time we filled up
all of the bottles if any Americans are
watching these are like English pancakes
are big blue one yeah yeah oh yes the
whole pan
undercooked at some point or whatever
people sit down this is my salmon is
okay poor Peggy perfect circle you know
came up to a bad start
do you know what it looks worse on
camera no no they don't lead up golden
if a golden they look older they look
good we're getting better we're getting
better by the end they're gonna be
perfect
hi we have all of this left we've done
like ten over there this is our stack so
far it's good that it's gonna be like
three times that day we think good
enough can I eat some of it
all over are you really really thousand
pancakes top see I was actually gonna
dip my face in it for good luck tomorrow
wanted you could just dip your face in
just to I mean
now you just being you
