hey make sure to hit that subscribe
button whilst you're here dead slow
ramps they're not dead slow they're not
even moving I need to go yo guys so I
went home to play a charity football
tournament the other day at home there's
like a school run tournament to raise
money for cardiac risk in the young
which is the charity gonna leave a link
to it in the description below so if you
guys could check that and just donate
anything you can it would be much Liam
greatly appreciated written I'm doing an
intro now is because I did an intro in
my broom at home which is what you're
seeing right now and basically that I
didn't have the mic on see yeah that's
why I'm just talking over the top right
now so yeah then I did this weird
transition and into the football oh em
gee what an idiot I first game I was
talking about it I miss like six chances
we drew nil-nil let's go second
I mean one kind of running to ago I
can't believe he just did that right you
could be any superhero who would you be
and why
let's go kook oh that's not a super
Harriet that's a Super Saiyan funny but
yeah the Silver Surfer you know he's
kind of cool Superman save it then yeah
I go spider-man but then that's also
boring oh as a boy yeah you start
talking Matz and your mouth you're done
I had for where that sexual harassment
that's sexual harassment JD comes Webb I
don't want to know literally everyone is
out of the house right now and I have
some new post echo so the first one was
on top and it says open on camera please
it's goose goose luxury backpacks hi
Simon hope you like the backpack this is
just gonna like a sponsor thing now yeah
but it's actually not although this is a
nice backpack this is actually really
nice now I'm genuinely not like this
isn't meant to be sponsored or anything
but if everyone wants to check out goose
luxury backpacks feel free hey that's
kind of gasps I can't like this oh now I
feel bad this one is a happy birthday
one it's been a while since they've been
delivered to me okay so I'm sorry that
these are late Oh a birthday card or two
oldest justice so this was appropriate
because of the lonely jokes overworked
and under foot really it's a pen that
says overworked and under fucked I never
run with scissors those last two words
were unnecessary Oh seriously - jokes in
there and they were just that I'm lonely
and I don't do exercise or shit in my
coat pocket and call me Derek well thank
you very much Molly transition
James 3:2 into three no two wins the
draw I like to think of myself like it's
Dimitar Berbatov you know don't run just
stop looking at me like that you know he
doesn't run you get the ball in just
pass yeah you sure your shoulders now
we lost to nil so yeah let's point out
then they want to say hi peeing in the
shower acceptable or disgusting how
these accept that is except I don't
understand I it's a hundred others it's
not it I'm trying to think of the last
shower that I've been in that I have
impedance yeah
does Simon have nice feet still do I
have nice feet mm the world's alright
the left ones of it just cuz of the nail
take another now oh yeah I think just
the way your toes are shaped as well
they're bit man oh yeah I like cute toes
if you are a go which side man would you
day yes Josh why
it just seems carrying me I'll go big
cuz then I'd still be the man guys I
told you before I'm trying to be healthy
why are you sending me this I appreciate
it but come on okay that one says
Jocelyn just collecting stuff the Josh
here oh no Vic um okay JJ I'm a postman
apparently Jesus Christ look at that is
mad no no no I'm opening the Cybermen
what is that holy crap what the this is
Matt we could lip I should lay them all
up I don't open the others I know you
guys can see the full extent of these
but they're actually huge like look my
arm it's like okay that's not showing
and ever mind tadam that is amazing that
is amazing
those are amazing and I'm sure those are
amazing too alright one more and we're
going for this
it's a letter on it I was this another
position of the company although saying
it's not bad
Rao will be going through the rest of
this stuff very soon but yeah that's all
I'm going to do for today's vlog
yeah we lost and uh I'm home and changed
and my leg really hurts I wish I'd shown
you guys basically I had like a bulge on
my knee and no it's not my kneecap it
was like this weird little bone sticking
out or something but it's fine now and
so I'm hope to see this boy hubby hubby
sit sit now I gotta go home
do you think Toby should start rapping
career after his freestyle
no all right pops on a for you never had
anything like this before and know that
I'm coming with that speed for the basel
tired I just don't always go ahead did
you change your name to anything why
would you change it to all Morpheus I'm
going to make my kid Morpheus a
Wolverine I don't give a fuck it's good
about my kids middle name is Simba
unless it's a girl cuz I never got hurt
Simba last questions me be will any who
would win in a fight I think that would
be the most funniest fights away it'd
just be limbs everything
I think you'd cracked enough jokes to
make you laugh and then in a fight yeah
he's not gonna be there like I think you
just make you laugh well I may make it
happen
