whoo-hoo oh fuck how much are you guys
how to make a horror film using
stereotypical scenarios from horror
films and yeah here we go right so first
start the black guy has to die first now
I know what you're thinking
he's breakfast but not the black guy
does diapers and sadly is the case in
pretty much every horror film out there
at the moment she gets over and done
with
yeah all right which one I use he's
dying you are why one easiest goal game
rock-paper-scissors okay pretty so once
that's done you have to establish a main
character which is normally a sexy
cheerleader why am I doing this now this
cheerleader has to be so hot and so dumb
like they can't just be normal dumb they
have to be ridiculously dumb I just
don't know why anyone killed toga are
you it was it it's just us here I don't
see it I don't see it so weird like it
could have been just like I'm just
standing here like we need to work this
out we're like how how did he die it's
only up then once that is done and they
have realized that someone is dead they
have to agree to split up into either
pairs or on their own even though it's
clearly gonna lead to them being picked
off one by one and dying normally one of
the more is ends up going with the
murderer as well right guys there's a
murderer on the loose and Toby's Toby's
dead okay we're gonna split up look for
the murder I'm gonna go with Vic you're
gonna go Josh good idea
yeah yeah can I prove it I'm with it
okay you guys are going to stay here in
case the murderer comes back we're going
to go check the aquarium see you guys
later okay I don't know I like you like
well you're dead then once they're a
part of the epic music starts you know
this classical orchestral music that
just builds up until something so
incredible happens that all the audience
just scream although normally it is a
huge anticlimax and everyone is just
sitting there like this is so obvious
because of the music oh sorry
then you get to the final scene away is
just the cheerleader and the murderer
left and the cheerleader has been found
the murderer is chasing this cheerleader
through something like a forest or
through a house or something like that
and they fall over over nothing they
fall over over nothing this is then when
they find something where they could
quite easily escape but no they go back
for something stupid
and that's something stupid normally
leads to them being cornered by the
murderer having a little confrontation
saying why are you doing this because
you killed my mother which had nothing
to do with the story
this only stills time so that a
character from earlier on who somehow is
still alive with no explanation comes
back and shoots the murder why are you
doing this because you stole my mom's
pews
then they're happy they leave that's the
end of that even though all their
friends have just died I mean the only
other thing is some people do hand held
movies but that affects kind of gone and
already does that now it what the fuck
what the hell no oh it's just a fucking
oh my god random junk
