oh go away oh ah ah that's very average
tried to catch you off guard there
didn't really work we're doing another
pike governing because of that seaweed I
just showed you I love another look now
so we got a hit Wayne Marty ow
Kagawa Bartra Zoomer back yeah we got
the whole lot again no renowed us this
week but if I get any of those ones I
just mentioned I will be ecstatic the
last pack opening obviously got pretty
damn lucky so this time I'm not really
holding out for much but we I was
actually I was about to cry I thought
that was gonna be someone sick come on
messy give me a good player one team one
tonight
once it one signal right back there
award tell you what if I get a legend I
will end a pack opening right there okay
I've tried to set myself up here -
almost jinx it reverse jinx it I can
just hear g'd singing right now and I
don't know what the hell he is doing but
he is loose again
yeah these packs are so bad what the ho
look it up yeah they are trash you're
right
hey seriously what is that
okay from be keen but with the table
please
give it a good play Oliver legs place oh
my god I think I have a hole in my sock
you know what what am i doing let's see
give me a good player please oh yes not
this this is ah ah you know I trash
again Alan stores his retarded face from
last year Alabama Alabama buy a pile of
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba one
of you didn't do it when you didn't do
it with me I played with his normal god
me sick that card is gonna be
redonkulous how much does he go for his
decision please please please please 59
he's about 50 K I ain't selling him he's
coming to my club I'll change the mood
dramatically we were doing terrible
before that one and now we're back to
doing terrible great why why would I
want to him brother one more good player
one more and we are happy we are
marketing just the cheeky little leg
Wayne just chuck him in there just chuck
it a little egg waiting for me no you
don't want to Nicolas really thought I
was gonna be low and asking ah
it's been a while since that zoomin out
come on
oh oh oh I got him last time I mean I
sold him can't complain with that yeah
it's decent in it I come on come on baby
give me another good play
give me a frickin good pull oh what's
that
no no you pulled freaking prick come on
karma karma karma here we go here we go
whoa whoa whoa whoa boys boys eight-six
wait how much do they go for oh my god
how much ago Bahamas live I wish to go
by worship how much the Brad to it how's
your night Kate us put engines have you
guys getting lower by the second 170k oh
oh oh oh bloody he's decent
it's that thesis math Lisa no it's
Govind Wow come on oh oh oh before Gigi
Gigi Buffon is about 20k it's still good
so good boy
what is that he's like the white version
of that guy I pointed out last time
hey you why is he not Everson I was we
should date you by him I agrerro on the
front ag√ºero on the front please give
me some give me a leg work look where I
got alibi ah okay Kane still give me Ike
workers look for this cheap skinny in a
grower or a messy you know one of the
other players on the front oh oh oh no
bellow to leak analysis and me again I
Fred as a Brazilian name appears a very
boring name like Guinea Oh Robinho when
I'll deal out of that one how is Bob
like that summed up by the fact you like
the douche your stupid views Mike yeah
it's back Gollum still in the game i I
feel like I just need that one player to
top it all off and I don't know who that
will be
but I know I can get when I haven't got
as many good players as last time but I
don't know what to say I can't I can't
predict the packs and this definitely
won't be able to be 8284 wife gay 10 I
want I want to use something as a prop
but I don't know what there's nothing
around me oh oh okay yep fernandinho
still was still deeply oh you know what
you know what script we're going for a
no look to start back please Leonel
please give me a good player
please give someone good what no wait
wait what am I saying
wait where's the dunya okay it should be
done right and discard done why why
would aster a good player
I want a bad player and now EA warned me
from my bravery with an in-form
goalkeeper phosphor come on Jane someone
said that I was excited in a good pack
on the last pack at the last episode and
I didn't do that because it was too
obvious this time I want to make it
obvious the last pack will be a good
pack ok I hope anyway because I can't
actually wait oh damn it but no this is
over I ran out of money before I get a
good player please come on please
oh my dice please please please
oh no you give me an oily nose
too late for would give me an oil
falafels even when I fell on the floor a
min ago please cut I'm actually running
our points this is digitus I'm running
out boy time across was so freaking long
and now I'm getting lose that minute
Markovic
lucky back oh oh Arvid ow the wrong
fatale looking to leave a doubt but I
got earlier today
no spat here we go police if this is one
the nose please let my nose that have
the magical touch please please oh oh oh
battery sound like a meal at Wagga -
what's the point what is the actual
point I thought I don't know what to do
but just don't okay oh my god Jess are
spicy Saiga and they're not going your
way need is that one player that one
player I have nine in the map one player
please straight in it there's a spider
on the wall I'm almost at points I'm
gonna have to lower it to 84 replay now
because I caught him getting with Bob 78
let's add a new column this is the
actually stupid Oh baby I'll tell them
what a fine exactly it's frickin
ridiculous yes we get a second inform
this cursor what I think wasn't even the
first choice goalkeeper but it's another
reform boy I bet he does himself or
anything but let's have a look anyway
alright 119 sells for 11 about 85 it
goes for about 18 K if you're lucky some
of them are go for tanker oh no no no no
no stop boom look up the gym right be
cricket brought me off or play lies
offside come on bro player earlier oh no
no no no no no no no no but what about
up okay the site fine let's it's done I
don't know how don't ask me helps I'm
cool it wizardry some cool
