yo started this think of iridium now man
in division 10 all right we're in
division 10 and I'm getting suggested
stuff like this what the hell was going
on
god I'm getting a standard comment
saying so you hold to you and Byron
outer what why James didn't realize
Harry Kane is like ten thousand eight
okay six thousand coins I have one and a
half so I'm not buying anyone today and
yeah it's because of you not not you him
behind behind you but what I am gonna do
is get promoted from this division
because I am playing two games now and I
need one win to get promoted two to get
the title and finish this division
luggage now shit everyone's tired so
I've decided to buy a fitness card for
so the chemistry's gone but we still
have how am I making my bitch to what I
be in all gold team last episode but cut
this screw it man we may as well just
put it all into it and I hope we can win
I look at this play
Lucas lay and then play mid and it's
like a wet why is the like oh my god
comet oh my god oh my god oh my god
Bobo go to winning when the hell was
George best in the school look at this
play this look what what boom ah boom
tonio in five minutes what the hell was
going on your what the hell man those
don't normally work that was a shocking
goalkeeping error Oh sugar no this is
where it's gonna come into play isn't it
let's get it yes nice nice play gonna
play no paws up
look at this play this this is genius
because buh-buh-buh
no oh hi hi blaming playing far side
yes Early's fine George to give him a
chance I know he's the best but come
what
which is he doing so folks don't know
please
wait wait oh oh there's a Shh what the
hell is that oh shit no no no keeps know
I have a bronze goalkeeper he's not
saving although last episode he was mad
hold up
he shush me he shush me you do not want
to shush me
well I didn't what oh no no no no stop
boom Google teach it right be freaking
brought me off
oh babe lay my eyes off sigh come on bro
player earlier oh no no no no no no no
no no what have I done okay the same
fine let's it's done I don't know how
don't ask me helps I'm cool it wizardry
some cool it George best I like to pull
it less Daffy Foss I don't know that was
an easier win than Earth away it would
be one more winner we have the title in
Division ten I know it's only the
antenna right after that it's all upper
about it and I know what I'm saying
we're gonna have to just go with this
team with we managed to salvage some
chemistry with the 65 butters it's not a
great team please suggest someone
serious guys I beg
ah so to claim the title I must overcome
this serie a team of averageness I'm
saying that purely based on their
ratings not the fact that they are
average okay all right George you
haven't done much so far you need to
step your game up and win the title for
me go on do you think do you think
George turning turns in oh oh that was a
pass hi here we go here we go here we go
here we go you see this little counter
see this counter god blame on and then
play them in blue bed and then why are
you oh come on
really I should a passage you're not
okay this is bad this is very very bad
this is very bad this is very very very
bad this is the fact is he can just run
round me that's the sad thing I how here
we go here we go here we go you know
what I could have taken he is the boss
did he say he says I'm supposed welcome
oh no no no no no okay
composite
okay come on I see you need a goal now
no I didn't do that she touches a tiny
bit of lag seeping in seeping that's a
horrible word get rid o keeps right
let's go let's go let's go just go slam
in flame in George George George hey
this bus go what again to step off that
is why he is I'm sorry I don't know how
many times I'm gonna do that before he
gets old
oh my god oh my god she's straight but
what the fuck what the actual fuck glads
gonna a very sad day today not sure I'm
gonna win his team is actually just -
it's too good it's too good for this
it's too good for me it's his team is
too good for me oh just put like a
bucket back yo lads I'm not honest it
may not be a sad day after all maybe
I'll be the most glorious day ever
why not or not you know right we made it
half time we're only one down and I know
I don't normally say that we're only one
down I really really really think we can
do this whatever happens okay George
best score his first goal for the club
and hopefully that will be the opening
the floodgates
it seems pretty even please i slam
employment playin play min wait wait
turn in turn in for this no oh my god
his team is what actually it's my team
you know
so even him my inviting what not not no
you see why is my keeper a superhero now
and yet earlier he couldn't frickin stop
uh potatoes we can whip that in there
and then people run in and then he runs
in no one even went for that it was a
terrible terrible attempt at a header
playing they blew it please be on please
be on please be on please please you're
completely over tick-tock fix and then
finish go it's real it's through break
it all I told you guys we are not out of
this game
okay George messes on a little run he's
on a little run
he's on the little run is absolutely
shocking me mucked up that pot Oh ref
are you um um sorry no no no no no no no
no no no why is it like a now why you
liking what I didn't know what is going
on why why you like it this is taking
too long
this is it's a definite if someone has
quit someone is out it's out without
pleased if that's me I'm going to cry
it's me I'm gonna cry this is taking too
long
come on yeah yeah what are you waiting
for it didn't even fucking count I just
can't be fucking asked anymore I make
the comeback you know I'm on the route
to winning and then waffles
I'm not playing another game today but I
have 1800 coins tell me who to buy make
sure you like each other's comments
because the top comment will be the one
I choose three in a row so far and I'm
gonna I don't know why I can that when I
was it didn't obviously finish so I
can't count it as anything that's over
today then you guys watching and see
lots of that I'm not sure about that
well know what know how right pause it
and then take a dodj burn one what is
that flavor oh no no no no no no I
refuse I refuse
