yo what's up guys and welcome back to a
two-player draft I'm joined today with
JJ yeah
okay we're basically doing the same
thing as I did the Josh so they're gonna
be doing the draft where I'm better than
Josh he probably will be we lost we got
a second chance to choose players we're
not have to confer either but this time
we have two seconds to select okay so
the formation is the only thing that
we're gonna confirm this is the worst
captain yeah okay you go first choose
the plan I put so many peopIe get over
let me measure I show you my study you
go you're good
oh you know you know just pick the first
play oh shit i crap it's all above it to
the five let's say two seconds I'm from
this point oh really so soon as pleasure
so click and then nothing quick click
and then one turn up okay good
whoa oh oh you set those icons I was
there was no time to get that so what we
can't choose any one on the right yeah
buddy watch it would fun
Oh No please right way driving right to
rest messy and it there's no time oh one
two
you're just better at me hey Ruben no
but say this is the man said by Sandra
PPO or buddy somebody drop a new dancer
oh no he's not the panic and then I'm
doing alright alright good oh okay no
show ha ha 101 - lets get those good
um you chosen no till we go with him
okay what are you drunk will do no good
what is guys me overtaken him okay no
all right your turn okay you gotta go
you're not even looking I'm just I'm
just guessing this is pointless
this is all right suitable position I
will get now though we're not oh we're
not getting you jump okay that's right
Eva there we go okay so now we actually
can build the thing or at least try to
will be that we can the screwed yeah we
would one eternity later whoa not see
imagine he does no all right 95 can this
we will play well with a hybrid yo I
managed I don't give a shit all right
just the one that we do dudes like it
now we're gonna play one game in the
draft and see if we can win we actually
have a decent seems really good shot
will be lost one and it was with Josh I
Wow oh yeah look 100 chem boat and if
you miss goalkeepers terrible that's it
are you ready nope oh okay you started
what am i blue ah yeah I'm Blair - why
is this happen oh sure now might be nice
again and again and again why you don't
worry I know you jump off no you need to
run app mad bones good alright bro I'd
like a hundred per slice I am a hundred
percent pause I can you are side them
your son because there's a pop-up and
this will you pass it to the is going up
with my balls in that back they go okay
it's dying now oh I know our numbers
don't right now fuck with me oh shit
Oh fucking told you another was from the
school it's no fun you never said the
word school Ronaldo oh oh okay oh why it
was one no don't know how not enough
this thief but you don't do that yes all
right oh all right
good god the price what where is it oh
fuck keep it there
oh shit me shit the bed oh they go oh no
I'll try to slip you in oh no stop fuck
shit no we must all go I've got it I've
got it
don't worry man I've got this oh my God
look nuts boy look I've got this wait
then take it up oh that's right sorry no
sorry
how's that how's that how's that oh no
no no I do anything I didn't even run
exactly to see what the fuck in this
house no you set up house you well I saw
you when I will store though he's not
that you can sell it
why do you slide oh my god where's Ben
take a ref I'm telling you right now
I said bottom left me Lewis oh and we're
down again hell are they know what's
better Abby what's right I know wait
good keeper come on spit it out I all
right all right yeah he's all sided
maybe you missed it
Oh time what are we waiting
but that guy shit really us go from
standing still with benteke no with a
winner
oh what a boss is well you pass like
like walk like la boo okay I grow bring
Alegre alright for girls oh okay why
don't my bosses go to that person
we're strong okay really one go we only
need yeah I know I know this I don't do
today please please please ah no I don't
believe it I mean so much shocked I
can't even Charles I don't know I lose
you topped it fucking money will be
proud ha ha ha hecho he's gonna square
it in oh oh fuck off yeah you pissing me
off now
oh we've desert I will just have to come
back nine with deserved it
so you're defending oh no why are you
bringing it out because it's the only
way it's the only way yeah we're good
what a clear it's our fuck ah don't
blame eat your pasta disgusting
and you just hit the post as well yo I
ain't supposed shouldn't hit the boats
try and get a consolation goal cuz let's
go go ref you see now you see that
oh we lose Josh may be losing are you
but maybe look I know I know remember
guys look great as it takes a George as
I said to Josh I've never lost when I'm
a bit alone scientifically JJ's the down
for me alone play will warp huh oh my
god shit we get a good play that's alone
oh my god
necie gives us course yah oh my god like
is that gives us we're gonna skip this
cuz it takes oh look oh wow no wow at
least we had fun
you know like yeah I did have fun time
to not enjoy the experience
oh that's over today hey you guys up gin
see ya how did you miss shut up the
brothers missed buckets dog sing daddy
set shut up man shut up backup dancer
