holy widow I know I know I've been left
from the get-go I know that no God live
life like them my life when you the Sun
Safari Kobe save the goji I walk with
yennefer oh it won't actually what
that's what first fighters oh that's why
please
well now that's done welcome to another
pack opening on people 16 I'm still in
shock right now we got a lot of points
and a lot of coins to spend
let's just hope I can actually get
someone cuz uh yeah the pack the pack
time I mean great but it's all changing
today with big nose for my second pack
of today what did I tell you at least
we've got the good Torres o planing
don't want him come on message give me a
good pack messy when the front we get
all oh I hate how much they troll
Oh Frick sake you see a red German and
you're like all right here we go nose
pack done and we're going to skip it as
well in three two one
boom fuck you okay come on please please
please please please oh whoa whoa okay
okay
eight seven rated wilt a nap we will
take that I get so many packs without
Reds and now I get wanted to it and one
of them is actually good but why am i
complaining huh what is that this is the
pipe it's the way we get Ronaldo Ronaldo
inform done this you know dig knee it's
effectively an outlet if you said
Ronaldo while slurring your words it
sounds like dig Li Baba okay we get a
Brazilian a break
Russell I feel like that's a really good
card I thought like Marcel as I see see
I mean he's like 20k and fevers not even
out is that's pretty good but not as
good as the person that comes up now get
na freakin hate get no you know what no
look the scarred PI let's do this right
face the other way
ah
and yeah boom and now EA will reward us
something amazing like fuck you EA sorry
ah ah yeah yeah they CA it's a lot Oh Oh
little bit of storage in my life a
little better never pole just freakin
die I was really mean
oh how am I gonna say that oh oh we got
Bonnie yang now I get a luck is changing
now the floodgates are open and we are
getting good player off the good Zilla
after good player oh my god is oh oh
87 rated at sill dunno whose eyes are
wider right now come on keep it going
keep it got oh I forgot about him I saw
your iguana like Paraguay and center mac
and thought there's no way that's good
8c vibrated go to step in your game up
come on aqua rug Cubano Kuro Kuro Kuro
I will come on ag√ºero lair if he
doesn't give me a better pack oh no
something is wrong with me man something
is so wrong because I am thinking not
making sense today oh car car to car
Robinho and abu baqar Eid it literally
sounds like I've just ordered to take
away please EA please please ladies be
bosom are your I've got some good
players play come on crossbow please
without a bow but oh my god I just
always from who the hell is that
I mean it's an in-form but who the
racket sky racket racket Scott okay he's
in the Ukrainian Lee that's that's great
really appreciate that EA my mother my
mother make the ground shake
oh oh uh uh uh you know what I could
have used him next week when he probably
will haven't informed but apparently is
extinct right now so I'll probably hang
on to him this the one this is the one
this is the one oh okay oh by the way
both voice oh oh banana form in Fujian
and divine in the same black de bruyne
edit form ed de bruyne you guys were
like a hundred
in chaos of me and an in-form I thought
is my boy and an informant and now we
get only get we get near stuff that's my
eyes ready player I've got I think wait
yeah 88 is my eyes right player we found
summers arch-nemesis deal winter I big
nose do your team who your team big nose
gimme the renowned I'm looking for all
its at always fine okay it isn't
informed but it's not Ronaldo but it's
doing it for believe a actually was
using like the other to put yourself in
your own another Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba no I'm getting a
headache from selling them I finally get
even playing grievance I think that's
good we get oh oh oh I did good 100
inform in the BBL for star week before
star stealers this beautiful garden
dying oh don't get weary yes what is
happening today
this is peas now or to all the plans
move Joey yeah - Claire packs one of
them being rare who gonna skip this
oh the cold star fuck off Ike where just
do you thing I'm not even looking I even
looking to do something please come on
gimme gimme I'm still giving her an out
oh I think it goes in a couple days
that's what I want is to run out
we get we get davon Louise that's good
enough in it my mom has always called
him Sideshow Bob okay and now when he
actually looks like such a focus people
oh my god pique now as well guys I don't
know how I can even top this I have to
get like an informant out there right
now to the Steven beeper and I don't get
cancer
literally I've got so many good cars
today we skip that cousin hero right I
just need her a now no that's what I
really want because the Ronaldo
no no the Ronaldo is the player that's
worth the most
okay and we're gonna skip to get Bob a
deal seriously just a renowned oh and my
pack opening is done they're all we get
moderate notes no we get wreckage right
back you sure do and next back we have
reason one on the front Griezmann give
me the Ronaldo in three two one
you get a Barcelona player thrower yeah
Alba to good putts in a row
I cane and come on wrap this often is
one more good player and I'm done one
more good player and the still good
enough though radar 84 if I get rare a4
I'm done what oh no
obviously an in-form would count as well
even if he's under 80 for an in-form
would calc no okay mercy yes one player
one player and we're done what okay wait
okay we're done we're done you get my HD
game and we're done lads I'm gonna say
that this is a very successful pack of
it yeah I got the flower wanted to end
it so we're done final pack and
we get read Oh Oh black so thank you
guys for watching the pack opening today
hopefully you've enjoyed it hopefully
you agree that I did get some ridiculous
players we get is that nothing okay
we're done thank you guys for watching
and see up yes that's right we're signed
your ultimate team again but this time
we've got something a little bit
different because we have the very best
George best last year I failed this year
there is absolutely no way I can fail
with George best in the team
