yes that's right we're size your
ultimate team again but this time we've
got something a little bit different
because we have the very best George
best last year I failed this year there
is absolutely no way I can fail with
George best than the team we're building
on the same premises last year where you
guys tell me what you want me to do who
you want me to buy top comment is the
one I do but this time George best will
remain in the team from the start to the
finish of this series doesn't matter
what position as long as he's in the
team this is the same assignment
obviously I couldn't show you opening
because I had to go buy enough points
that open packs to get George best but
now we have him and we have these circus
play in the game I think I've chosen the
best possible team like a garrulous
George best oh good good but can he
carry an absolutely shocking team so
right now my record is zero zero zero I
have four hundred and fifty five points
on oh you start 500 but a pretty close
the online season is what we have to win
this year and today is the start of that
journey division 10 here we come
and just to prove it this is my entire
Club the first game of the series we
come up against the standard team 6310
weekly to beat it and we are with sighs
time it's time okay where do we go when
you got passes to George no ok this it
seems like it's gonna be even a struggle
to get it to George run George George if
you're getting caught and you're getting
caught by bronze jock
Oh Oh George sure no no George
discarding him up the game Oh No
oh no no no no no Paul runs goalkeepers
with like no chemistry as well oh no oh
no no wait a second not quite sure how
he just saved that one hi all right you
see the pool in Silvo you saw miss
school don't go playing they're blooming
go aah
George Gray Playmate great play great
play pass it in knock knock hey retard
halftime and I'm not winning
George's he's done well I can't complain
with him I thought he would have done
more by now lads George has a little
chance here George with the chance can
he score though No
Oh Beth Wilson where's the run what's up
red that's a foul but are you really a
little turnout hustle that I'm not sure
about that well know what know how fight
plus it and then take a touch by one
what is that oh no no no no no no I
refuse I refuse
George what the actual hell was that
on a rail like he's terrible I guess I
just go through many minutes of free
kick they were founded on this series
but they are they almost work
oh oh oh oh my god I love all the
chances I score back pet seal officially
better than jewels better towards breast
again he's just is a monster to be fair
oh hey no oh my day playing it back
playing back take a touch boom boom
right we're gonna bring you in close
he's gonna follow you yeah and then
we're gonna chip it over the top
oh all right and wait it's it's still on
it's filling and it's still it it's
still an ant wait wait wait Oh boom
doing a tuna not doing enough jewel it
do it enough it's like they with this
face oh my god another corner in the
last minute keeper again how Matt's gone
George won't you let's chase him down
yeah no George big cycle big rock
no no oh my god the post twice he just
hit the post twice in the last second of
the game
what a frickin game oh my days the first
game of the very best ultimate team has
been a success division and we're on the
way to the top that's why we are you
know what everyone could play again I
know I've got three goals on the bench
but I've come with chemistry you know
you guys need to let me know a
goalkeeper
I don't know maybe a left-winger game
too for the best mices not Bears my
third best Meister's we get p.m. CFC
week or no Gold team we set the goalie
this is a good test
IG boy do your thing just one okay this
is gonna be very very difficult this is
gonna be very difficult but there's a
reason that George best is called George
best and it's not because of his mother
and father's name it's because he is the
very best although where is he what
George George George that was I know it
wasn't George I'm saying where the Frick
was George Oh
Oh oh no oh no get there we go look at
the defense the defense is on point we
made fearless no no stop the ball rolls
the other person does the same
he's safety oh no no oh my my I said
again my no please
Oh private I didn't bust our George no
ice question for touch oh my god someone
give my goalkeeper knighthoods we've
made it to halftime that Neal Mill and I
just I don't know how I don't know how
I'm even in this game oh yeah that's how
Georgie Georgie Georgie Georgie Georgie
okay ten corner with a corner oh no I
feel like he's just steps to game up I
don't know ways done and it always done
but he's eat suddenly just become like a
monster no no no how am I getting this
lucky today I'm gonna buy a lottery
ticket one
I wish claim implanted boom this for my
brunch player
all of them are bronze what the hell is
that pass why are they no just go to my
players they like that there you go what
is that okay fine fine as long as time
is passed thing it's fine
as long as he's not scoring and time is
passing it's fine but what is that while
some George got 83rd minute
you know what pass it in you know what
you know what leave a little shots here
blaming and then take it sergeant
how the hell am i winning this game to
know Oh puffy buzzer posit we have
another child we have another chance we
have enough intelligence for this cause
the three mil up in the night to the
dirt i Boucher with the hatchet you know
Bobby Boucher what thought that's
disgusting towards best mate that's a
interesting sure but we win such a close
game but in the end three newest three
new into the marabouts that physic
that's two games done this is the first
episode of the very best ultimate team
to win tattoo this is so much better
than I could have expected let me know
who you want me to buy I have one
thousand four hundred coins by the time
I finish next episode hopefully I will
be out of division ten of FIFA might not
actually be released yet the whole game
we are making some serious headway in
this series thank you guys for watching
let me know in the comments be sure to
like each other's cards as well they are
such an answer then one that we can take
what mirela I can't comment on it but
there is one that I would take to take
you there are you actually fit to fat
we'll go with that one there's someone
there yeah what we haven't got can
because we're playing fools 9o in
bellend all the choosing this for that
way the black combo
