what's up guys and welcome back to FIFA
16 with myself and Josh they actually
said this hangar so didn't do it in the
draft again but this time we're playing
two player and the twist here is that we
gonna take it in terms to choose a play
in the draft but we the other person is
not allowed to talk while the person is
choosing the player so if I'm building a
BPL team and then Josh changes and
starts like buying nationality team
whether we're screwed the online drafts
I'm just saying Josh right now but I've
played this and I want it so
scientifically proven if we lose the
game you're worse than me your fault if
it's proven it's science bitch okay the
only thing we will agree on is the
formation okay so do you have any
preference of that no holds 9 yeah yeah
alright we go at full Stein okay okay so
the thing we're gonna do here right it
was reversed what we're gonna do
rock-paper-scissors
at least ago one two three jump one two
- Chuck ah and I'm not allowed to say
anything okay let's go out main center
forward come on mm-hmm oh well done mate
my fault
yeah please okay please Oh Howard
underway there you can beat it or I can
speak sorry
we got over Davis take your turn did I
not say anything ever Connecticut coin
on that Oh actually happening salsa shit
I know I'm keep building a proper team
you can do every wave your upcoming on
my choices I would do this team we're
gonna take uh we're gonna say goodbye
okay done I thought stop sign coming up
come on man cheesy player come on okay
go in a bench or just cuz you're a
venture is hot I'm gonna fuck after you
for more your fuck-ups and cometh up a
couple days it doesn't even right you
can come on your own one and we'll send
anything about yours okay
okay all right who should we go go to
him like what
ah now place it great bring good oh but
sensible auction here come on oh oh wait
we have okay we go then that's the place
you want boo blows faster we're so
screwed man oh that's great team I think
okay well we still have the goalkeeper
really bench still yeah but subs a tough
okay no we have to we have to take it
okay we have to take the thumb okay it's
easy
well ship it yeah yeah brilliant boom
back yeah oh I could get old Conan would
we don't get a set of mid floor ends you
can look at the bed choice just saying
dude I'm not allowed in one there we can
take what Marella I can't comment on it
but there is one that I would take to
take him that I actually fits too fat
wouldn't go with that one there's
someone there oh shit even her what we
haven't got cam W in a circle either
camp because it playing false-9 oh don't
bellend it's a pencil
I want to choose him just for that wears
a black condom but what we're going to
choose them just for us a little
reservoir top of it okay
is it super stuff okay super self it
doesn't fit in anyway let's just take
him come on
in case you want to replace collar
straight okay cool put a little match
dot dot you are not we're gonna take
who's we take one Yama yeah ah don't
back hold on mate files good Cormac I
use a manager result we haven't got a
strikers matters which is manager okay
do you Bert yeah right so after plenty
of arguments over what the best team is
I think we've agreed that this is the
best team but we are gonna have to make
one change soon as against belts and get
rid of that lanky motherfucker
but Ronaldo up front and put Santa's
left wing it's not cheesy right so we
have one game to play okay we win and we
win if we lose you're the weak link
let's go okay so I'm guessing he chose
gates it's got two legends yeah and they
mama named our left wing extractor
what'd ya mean he didn't change it in
game we're clever me to ganja chemistry
so so do we shut up ah yeah pour some
great stuff I'll chases them which aims
of them are ok now we've mixed up right
blue I'm blue red number T never died
okay let's go let's go let's go oh oh
look at this place
ah people don't work anymore no they
don't why would he do this
bye great shit great ship a great ship
from renze right within we're good yeah
live up with it dude up flap I don't
know what is the next word
what is that ball feet up such as
Sanchez running what is it can you do
one it once it there you go oh oh oh the
owner I know that's what I was kind of
like is that gold it was like as they'll
scoop on it as he kind of boom and it
went like yeah who does seen this coming
up I ain't tackling me pliers tateasa oh
boy oh yeah yeah no crosses don't what
was a shot that was an actual car I
think you're on their own controls mate
okay so you are on the wrong control I I
got this
oh um have you go ahead you got it I got
engaged in Reverse mode try defending
was the worst thing I've seen in a life
which monkey highest-ranked exam yeah we
can't circulate and tear David even
tackle him don't stop him the wall is
the wall is doing something well
supposed to Waldron fine okay where's
the one where's the run he's trying to
rather up oh god that was around no I
get some good sir well have another fat
dog
I see shout boom yeah thank you sir if
you don't score this universe where life
yeah but I said mmm I am the one player
line oh my god is monthly no not our
white consolation Josh I'm the weakest
link barely there you are I've worn
every day when I was alone don't you
just say it steady Molly I love winning
every day when I was alone lost chose
now I'll still stop okay
mmm it's not really a chance anymore is
it he's got chance no he doesn't know to
the poor ah come on
I mean blip whistle blew something yeah
take it off Josh let's I see an
improvement
oh my days um tack oh no no what'd you
say about who's the weak link you you
just get we're pedaling oh no oh my god
you're the weekly no I haven't talked to
be a hero here come on don't be a hero
yeah but I'm just gonna I was gonna oh
my god I can't believe I bring mine
geeks you blame Ryan Giggs you a
hatchery why are you doing me no good
yeah see that's me you'll see yeah thank
you always match need us he's my HD does
well your controller
he doesn't go controller I played you in
please go please film please go don't
run out up I'm stronger than that this
is worrying Josh this is worrying I'm
very very merry no yes No yeah no go
cliche cliche Oh crush is really done
one good a quick pulses quick pauses
quick quick yeah well this here isn't
like a shake I literally wanted to pass
the come on Ref come on you know what
Corner three dick or something pepper
corner wait what's good
yeah that's a big tough sink to be
excited she's herself hey go go go go go
go go but inside the time it's one
inside inside why have you not what what
what do you think I passed it to where
to enjoy
all right kids I also attack in time do
it allow it happy back nice the big live
in it yeah that's true just oh god oh
god no Brian and now this is where it's
good all that attack yeah oh no no no
that is it don't play that
what are you doing Bucky Lulu dance good
posture that one Papapa dress balls oh
god no please sir please
don't leak don't get worried about not
my challenge what the Travis donate yeah
goalie go get rid he was outside what do
I go wow great game the group fantastic
game proving that you are the weak link
rhinos are gonna record a packer play on
just challenging a guy in the
description or on his channel they guys
watching and see ya doesn't I doesn't do
anymore
what a challenge shut up ref I'll suck
your mum are we got corner I don't think
I have any big players in there oh okay
that's one I needed one girl well what
what what my first game there that's
only one yeah we're going into the
second game now the game too
