now that I have done a packet there's
only one thing left to do the on line
foot draft and just to prove it this is
my only account okay and I have not
played a single game of FIFA
hence my record of zero zero zero so I'm
going into the draft for my first ever
game of FIFA hopefully and don't get
destroyed I've heard everyone's getting
a shat on
welcome to the foot draft a new way to
play people of la blah blah blah blah
blah blah come on by Sola formation
we're gonna go with is gonna go with the
4-4-2 flat captain Messi we are messing
imma be an idiot I don't use Messi on
her so we're gonna have to go Messi
alright cinemates in the midweek ah
screw it Britain wow wow yeah I'm gonna
go with palacio cookies Argentinian two
of that link Messi
hi this is the top one now mr. Bhalla
good manners and man to sit and eat are
all in the same league go within Syria
semenette screw it we go with Asamoah oh
this isn't going well
I know you're all gonna hate me for this
please don't it's a risk I'm willing to
take send a Bakugan for satellite please
Oh
for much I don't get to play with any
importance go with big me oh yes
nope we're taking our block oh okay yeah
we're taking cheerleading we get your
bollocks yeah that's a game changer
is now I can get rid of him strands all
Johnson okay no that's good that's
really really that good what okay you
know what that's the best chemistry I'm
gonna get 87 we got messy right
informally what Shalini got a decent
team oh look at this side top player
than those three we've got 89 team
chemistry 82 team rating I don't know
that's good I'm not gonna lie to you hi
that shows that at my draft record 0-0
we go baby Oh bollocks
right Wow that's uh that's 100 chemistry
right there although maybe I also should
have played a practice game because yeah
probably would have helped oh whoa ref
ref come on that's a free-kick where's
red come on that's the first no pass to
minam in the free kicks were commish
minam it's a free kick believe it's a
free kick boom why are you telling me
this halfway through the game like what
age 69 he's 69 years old ball chart if I
can turn up boy start Rhett Rhett that's
disgust that's already that's a lie
that's uh pretty much a boot to the face
first free kick of the game mate first
free kick actually worth shooting Lin oh
I actually I actually think I would have
scored
oh oh that's the mower plays them in a
postures that's gonna be perfect I'm
winning I'm sorry I had to be done but I
need to win the first game of FIFA play
weight loss in pop in there you go know
what it's a touch late so - no Azusa I
don't even know who that is is die
Barlow however you want to set deer boil
or something like that
oh I'm getting so much space right now
yeah yep didn't see that guy didn't see
that coming either that's some more wise
is good until then
there it is halftime and I'm winning my
first ever game a fever 16 he's fully
deserved I didn't realize how much of a
whitewash this is oh no no no no no no
no no stop great challenge but no run I
Leonel Messi what's this what does one
does another doesn't I doesn't do
anymore
what a challenge shut up
ref I'll suck your mum are we got corner
I don't think I have any big players in
there oh okay that's one I needed one
bro huh what what won the first game
that's only one yay we're going into the
second game now the game too we're
playing against the guy with Granado and
Neymar and this defense is a white right
Rocky Road FC you're gonna be my next
victim how do you feel fear terrible
ahaha I knew he would be come or it in
come on I'm already
I'm already look at this I'm already i
boom go that's actually ridiculous go
I'm actually so happy that I'm winning
right now no no no no no no not thank
you well I don't know how we managed to
even get me there I know it's ranaut
over bloody ell run run run gone gone
yeah you think I've got it or not
oh no I am now I'm not seeing through
seen it through positive wrong again
I'm so so down Swain is for to deal in
25 minutes
oh no no no no no no no no run clock I
know that's coming as soon as you change
players are big on Ron MacLean three
playthrough blew through come on
you know what penguin but look at finish
oh there it is hot time I'm winning
another game for
uh to close this one I mean I've had a
lot more shots on-target he's a couple
more shots near now Messi dancing a bags
one we'll take we'll take the I thought
we gonna take a rebound ourselves
there's a clever tactic back for that
reading about reading there you go look
at that this is some like Lulu reading
level from year six or something
oh no so close okay we've got a little
bit of space it turns Suns one nowhere
didn't need to do that big it kind of
works I guess kind of what right within
though no fasting there just doesn't
work does it although although although
ah ah guys I've got frickin like know
why there why have you plus up there
those Palacios right there no oh no no
no no I got ten minutes left I got 10
minutes left fleas please no I know
you're turning in I know Oh get rid get
rid of that just scurried we're done
with Josh open go goes for it he goes
for it oh yeah yeah three one we put our
second game in a row and there it is
we've won two game out of two One Feaver
16 how does the Dendi spanner game story
we're gonna straighten I'm not stopping
gay and misery these girls that the PBL
team is pretty good
Neymar as well or as chemistry's wants
to my eye this is the true test we've
won two in a row can we win three in a
row that would be the mark of a champion
no no no no no no okay um not sure about
this one he's a little better than the
last two
oh my goodness no I don't think crosses
working this day nothing is going on in
this game literally I don't I don't know
where to I don't know how to outplay him
he's out as he outplayed it if you lean
the side I don't I don't know what to do
just literally every pass goes wrong
what the Frick no make any sense would
it make like widen my defenders just
leave it they actually watched it look
at my two defenders that is shambolic
from cheerleading right
oh I read that's a pen that is
disgusting but I know he's any different
I hope not I really hope not
oh really hang on please loose I'm back
in one all straight away two goals in
like two minutes we're now actually
lined up go for it Leonel messy from
like 37 yards Holly what Matt and you
met this good school no no that's a pen
please let me say first by the way I
don't know what to do now hard time it's
tool in this game when it's pretty even
I in see me this evening
go go go go okay picture and then ah the
finesse is there idly now we'll whip the
ball in he wins a ball into the smallest
rail and he's really good
No
oh no no no no no hold up hold up hold
up hold the Frick up no no no no no
there's so many let's go oh please slam
on go go go go this is a big attack
because I flaming flaming gnarly and out
but it's not even charter
whatever please just piss off please oh
no no no no no no Garrus there you go
please go look at that that is a perfect
wolf close enough close it down
close it down he's gonna that's a goal
kick let's go kick keep why you know
just catching up no look at a time it's
keep us up that's it that's it just
clear it and that's it come on look run
run oh no no no no no no no no no no you
know what you know what that's it in the
game and the game he's given a go I'm
giving away a goal kick I know what and
I should have realistically turned into
the shot but that is booyah oh I feel so
good to win another game three in a row
in my first double 16 I'm in love this
game until I start losing one more win
one more win and I think that's it I
think that's all you have to do is win
four games in a row and three so for the
final game I think I think this is the
final game gigs up front you've got a
really good team and chem and everything
I'm excited full of I used to skip all
the worrying thing is I can already tell
that this guy is better than all of the
people are plays so far I'm in even a
free-kick again here we go someone is
singing with the ball in a bit far too
bit little bit
who is it oh wow what a save son what a
safe Joey scores with him no no no no no
no no not from kickoff not from kickoff
no Chinese IV for 15 please don't make
it easier to score from kickoff please
no I know he just gives me that great
punch great punch get get to get to him
Oh No right gonna cheer Lima come on man
boom he plays amazing it like hai saves
hey you guys ahh boom how am I not
scoring that one Oh
my god get rid of this dummy dummy put
it on and then turn in turn turn in one
more no I know it's about to be on time
there it is half-time one near lot this
is way way too close up I've dominated a
little bit
I mean it's shot to pin pretty decent
but I have one meal a flaming flame in
okay as Samoa always seems to find some
room he always seems to find room but
can he do anything with it
can you do anything Kenny no wait that's
corner
please meet this goal kick how is that
how is that goal kick no no no no block
ah this is so tense please get rid
please get rid please please no no no
why is it chase play big tackle big
tackle big oh my god
oh my god that's to win let's do it to
me why I start to win but it just ended
minute send me a minute and I'm two-nil
up oh no oh no you say that one wrong
but you pick it and then oh let's light
up ago he was back
there's the header with one that's
updation the whole draft I just I just
won the drop four wins is that claim my
prize click claim my prize what's my
prize could be anything to be a rare
gold pack a premium Gold players back
and a mega pack I'm opening the mall now
Wendy's are my three let's it let's
go for a rare gold pack let's do that
first
oh look at uh
okay so we still have vodka Moscow get
rid of this it's the worst one
I'm just going to skip it as a skip
areia and Van Dyke now to find if I just
ended all off here we go get a
right-winger Paris at Lucas we get Lucas
82 million the main thing to take away
from this is that I've swung the draft
on my first attempt with a record or
four zero zero you got a star I
understand how amazed and excited I am
right now that's all for today thank you
guys for watching is the incredib so
does expected to do this a couple times
you know there were a few times but we
did it that you guys watching sure not a
lot to write home about finish this job
we have an in-form lads
