it's here it's finally here ha ha and as
FIFA is now back we can continue to post
paper videos starting with the most epic
video possible a pack opening yeah and
what a team to have as the team in a
week it's actually a very average team
but we have it in gamer we have pea we
have Quarren and of course Oliviero ice
is the guy next to him is ronaldo 94
rated ronaldo but are we getting our
pack in e probably not so i got these
free packs let's uh let's open them up
what do we want to open for our first
pack let's go let's just go at the lone
legend cuz we get a legend guaranteed
unlock so you know my first pack I'm
gonna get something good so here we go
first people burger by God all right you
can go to the club first gold pack we
only get one rare but though well lien
LS you know what this that takes too
long
go missus yeah I second gold pack here
we go we get some snow
these packs I don't know why even bother
giving you them I mean thank you for the
strands 'el I now answer the real packs
we've got some big nose looking with
 I think it might be like a
set I guess gun but a first pack oh oh
please can I get some word good we get
brand out why was Mont re not the one
who flashed up come on Kane these packs
are making me a little bit
roll on me you know you know filling my
stomach
all right now we can go oh wow what was
that looks like packs a pretty at
the moment come on attaboy give me some
give me
he just scored a sitcom I swear he gets
a special card now I'm gonna be so angry
come on big nose
give me a good player now he needed an
informer cheating it win four bones get
no Manny Manny it's Manny
Kiefer Manny this guy looks like he's
seen things and he is absolutely
terrified that there's a camera in his
face I think he filmed a porno that he
regrets and now he's having flashbacks
of his life you don't know what they get
up to in Canada these plaques are
absolutely shocking we haven't got
anyone Frank we get a rare but it's
freaking de Rossi he's the best Blair
I've got so fast I can't the plane he's
just very bad
oh yeah actually a rare player and it's
a ski look whether it's decent I'll take
it the player I actually might use so
give me a good inform give me give me an
inform I don't even care who I get we
got Pele
yeah that joke is back oh my god Pele
let's call this pack opening Pele lunar
sea all right oh oh oh
highest rated player I've got so far but
there's another one that I will never
use it's so annoying that I actually
hate it cuz I just see that he's Spanish
he's round like oh my god I'm Viet sick
then I see Bayern Munich and I'm like
okay that could be sick and then I work
out my head that there isn't actually
any one that's sick who see who ha ha
the jokes begin yeah that's that's not
me okay that doesn't look like me at all
does it really lifts we look alike I
wear oh just give me give you another
spin a little an hour a cheeky little
Ronaldo we get a rare button holman it
was that wait wait a second oh so you
can get these at I didn't know you
kiddies and packs ah
that's helpful good job ei he doesn't
know like a fitness coach just name Oh
all right oh but why is that normal
Church why is mud rich hold up hold up
hold up
rare scent amid Croatian that's mod rich
this players alive I got one of these
yeah we got Rodriguez I guess back help
let's get a good player III hold the
phone right now okay I know that this
guy works at here okay cuz I've met him
so does this guy oh yeah you're just
putting themselves in the game e8
workers we're in the game what the hell
man put me in the game here to put
someone in it I don't know why say what
these packs have actually been atrocious
but I literally like that gem get enough
gents against me like it's a bad bender
they're not allowed to write home about
service you're started we have an
in-form lads doesn't matter if he's not
one of the best he's still an inform and
he got a friggin Adric we will take you
as the first inform on FIFA 16 remember
the name I remember the player that we
got I will give a reward to the person
that remembers the first player I ever
got in form of this FIFA obviously you
may have to remind me to tell you that
there was gonna be a prize in the first
place but that's talk to me later
oh I'm so happy you're finally happy
I've been so miserable during this I
mean I've been happy but we've been like
and now you get a freakin join so yeah
freakin Schweinsteiger so it's all
coming out now the floodgates are open
Paul I was taking to do that voice let
it sit well the second eighty-six rid of
play I've got so far
I that's actually sing I'm starting to
get good players it was all going so
badly and all of a sudden we get we get
taupe just all mixed Lewis Hamilton Oh
oh you booboo buyback you right I
think we're nearing the end of the pack
opening because it slowed down a bit we
get myself now we get Simon and the pack
luck has turned cruel so I think we're
gonna have to end it there
so the final pack ag√ºero on the front
if we're gonna query you don't know
understand how happy a be but we get a
get Sal that is all for today in the
first FIFA 16 pack are being at my first
FIFA 16 full game pack opening video and
just sixteen video in general
hey guys for watching and there will be
plenty more to come on so tight this is
out now and sleep what the ho
I mean I'm happy as hell but why is he
not popping up as that player I know
he's silver but come on he's in for
although his name is just the sound it's
not that's not my name that's just suck
I say that's a noise right now I am a
CND man I can't acquire any more done
please
