all right yo what's up guys and welcome
to yes I'm going to be reacting to
things but I'm not gonna just be
reacting to like a diss track or
something like that I've got a few
things here that I wanted to show you
guys because they're either really weird
or really wrong about me so the first
video I have to show you guys is this
side men after they were famous ksi diss
track so this channel Michael McCrudden
he's got 1.8 million all it does videos
of like before they were famous after
they were famous stuff like that he
decided to do one after the chaos I
distract a YouTube gaming collective
back in 2013 with a designated sidemen
channel following in 2016 guys okay you
guys get the idea right he's giving a
quick intro and the follow up would
include perhaps the craziest crime music
video of all time crunchiest crime music
video crunchiest crime music video I
didn't know they were gonna do that I
didn't I didn't I didn't know that he
was gonna you know just pie Ethan like
that okay where's Josh
JD's they're hairy Ethan Toby me where's
Josh 13 by ksi at five other gaming
youtuber four there were four but ksi it
wasn't just ksi plus others okay we were
all equal and it was jayjay me Ethan
Toby and Josh
so four others and then Vic and Harry
joined later so he's already wrong about
that well they originally formed the
group to collab mostly on gaming videos
over the years the collective would
develop into the UK equivalent of Jake
Paul's team 10 today if I like being
compared to Jake fold but book a syphon
merged our links in the description but
just as the group began to blow up it
was already starting to fall apart with
ksi leaving the group in August of 2017
and departure has been anything but
smooth
I mean even his brother
comedyshortsgamer got pulled into the
YouTube drama seeing these guys from the
other side of the pond I'm gonna try
something a little different
what's the fucking story there my name's
Michael McCrudden and here we are with
another after their famous video we're
doing one on the team ten crew but you
might want to check out some of our
other videos check out a playlist if you
like and see me at a local pub in Dublin
I know it was terrible that was truly
awful but I convinced me factually I
this is the bit I wanted to see the
group were originally called the
ultimate side band was formed by ksi and
five of his YouTube friends Oh No No why
is that minimis a widely friends with
keen stole my man Edward a mini-me tell
my last name is minto why can't
Americans pronounce it why are they
using this picture of me where are they
even got this from the childhood friend
of KS I worked the camera in the early
days of his YouTube channel and yeah it
did February 17 2008 his main channel
videos and real soccer games as well as
q and A's of course he's got over 6
million subs on that channel and it's
most popular upload to date it's the
side side family helium shall is
swapping my boy full-on shallow and thus
forming the sidemen simon JJ when
connected circa ok they're going on
about Josh not everybody carries make a
mopey Oh cuz these AG Oh you what's the
most cringy video a
so where will this very real heap go
from here oh this is release oh no I
wanted to see what you would say about
the dist I wanted into a mire of
whatever it whatever the main thing
about our video is the fact that he
called me freaking mini-me Tom all right
the next 1/12 thing you didn't know
about mini Minter twelve thing number
one so I'm his full name everyone knows
that
Simon Edward millimetre number two he
was born on September 7 1992 okay yeah
yeah making him 23 that's when was this
release March 28th okay I'll allow him
this one because I would have been 23 at
that point number three let's the son
was born in Leeds England but rumors
appeared that he spent a period of his
childhood in Vancouver Canada neither of
those are true okay I was not born in
Leeds my family is from Leeds and I've
never spent a period of my childhood in
Vancouver I went there on holiday
doesn't really count as a period of my
childhood okay I never had a period
there Simon our lives in London and
shares our house with KS I know Toby
doesn't live here games over 9000
subscribers daily wish it was 9000
number six across all social medias
Simon at that's just what do you mean
like that's just the fact someone can
look up guess I'm Simon have known each
other since primary school wrong
secondary school year seven Simon stars
in many of James's all videos and new
videos this is where Simon brought his
inspiration stuff okay that was true
that's true
yes Simon shots out a collage to pursue
YouTube how do you drop out of a collage
I was never in a collage I was at uni
and I dropped out Simon's favorite
football clubs lead since I was the
first thing you might see wrong I get
them wrong every single thing wrong
wrong wrong as well he goes first shirts
I'm from the players this guy's making
stuff up so I'm it is estimated to make
over 700,000 pounds a year has he pulled
that from then but once again these
numbers are just estimates only Simon
really knows so that's not anything that
you like so I'm just never show him what
car he drive hmm sorry sis then what's
what's this car video that I'm showing
lost okay wait July 21st
I'll forgive him he was it was before I
showed my car but I have shown that so
it's still wrong number 11 where his
favorite genre of grime and rap music
and rock his favorite color is also red
you got that one right
okay so socially awkward off camera and
when meeting new people I am very
socially awkward although on camera he's
a confident hilarious III
I you saved yourself you saved yourself
but you still got a lot of things wrong
just I'm just saying mini Minter exposed
he's a neo-nazi and a racist I don't
know where this is coming from today I'm
just fucking furious like oh my god I
don't know if you guys have ever
actually like looked at his featured
channels aside men Plus like Jesse I'm a
wait wait wait wait wait what were those
am i black how to make a big weed penis
my question is why is Hitler verify
surely there's no there's no Hitler
Channel there's no one just called
Hitler it's actually really weird that
there's someone subscribed there's 1,200
people subscribe to a channel called
paddle Hitler Adolf Hitler subscribe to
christian christina perri Adolf Hitler
added one video to favorites Green Day
holiday I'm gonna just get back to what
I was doing this is this is good enough
KBT is white pea size know why oh I'm a
race Dhoni suppose my penis Bubba
grunting whatever snorting into you Mike
oh my god I really want to know if you
commented on my video I don't think I'm
ever gonna be able to find her if you
guys know if he commented on my video
let me know because I really want to
know what he said many mentor deleted
video brackets mini mentor exposed
alright let's see this what's the video
well it's not even an idiot what double
no that's not what I called it that is
let's just clear that up that's not what
I called it at all that's that's the
whole video as well Eagle that up quick
you know 14 hours just to clear it up
there you go my view of upload that was
this video my view of upload it wasn't
racist
anyway oh no I've just realized what the
next video is Madol earthquake one if
you guys don't know any you might you
may not have been around when I first
saw this guy okay so this guy made a
video about me saying he's basically
gonna beat me up so basically yeah he
said that I was saying he abused
children and stuff like that it was a
fake account of me okay good job past me
so I commented on his video saying I'm
so confused this definitely wasn't me
you sure it wasn't a fake account he
said I know it was you fellow Joker's
joke bla bla bla bla bla use my content
on your fake account it was traced back
to your location and came from your
house and knock it on the head fella not
good shout at all how was he tracing me
then this video was July 31st 2016 over
a year ago
Loki threatened me okay he is still
obsessed with me he's uploaded a video
fourteenth of August so last month
minta uses a butt plug not not butt plug
I don't use a butt plug apparently butt
plug look he's doing videos like minsu
uses a butt plug their simple simon
rhyme that's about me what do we think
of minta broke this guy's obsessed it's
weird it's basically because when I did
the first video you of you guys went
over to his video started like throwing
some abuse and disliking this video
because he was being weird I asked you
all to stop okay so don't don't do that
don't do that please
I'm saying that right now he's let's
just watch minsu use a buck like what is
this I've just found out from someone
very close to our friend mr. splinter
he uses a ginormous butt plug I didn't
know that stop the entrails of these
rusty sheriff's badge from floppy now
and the reason he uses his butt plug but
my demeanor is because these fans have
got their tongue so far shoved up his
Gary Glitter they're tickling these
tonsils were they're naughty bits so his
fucking heresies spread that wide apart
like a clown's pocket a wizard's cup
with the sin of commandos sleeping bag
they're all falling out so he has to use
his ginormous bat plug to stop the shit
falling out
results because it keeps on coming out
of his mouth you see why I'm scared now
this guy is weird
why is he obsessed with me why is he
talking about this stuff why he's like a
year later I haven't done anything he
uploaded a 14 minute video about me
right on to this point which someone
told me to watch he invites children to
join him on his chair like jimmy savile
'he's fucking big
why don't you kill my show and join me
like one of my children fans like join
me on my show this guy is just gonna be
a beautiful I'm gonna play World of
Warcraft follow me pal tannoy life is
about laughing and he's laughing so well
Brum put your food away in your mouth
please stop he's live-streaming to
random people on the internet and like
sucking on this lollipop stop man stop
lucky mint fans are still carrying on as
I'm saying I've told you all to stop he
thinks it's me he thinks I just want to
do in a boxing ring like with fucking
16x amateur cops or not he wants to
fight me
now this is weird now he wants to go on
the undercard aquellas Ivy Weller but
you don't want this you don't want this
you don't want this more like mini split
up
many spoon and he split eights
split on his matchsticks
I've got more phone numbers on my phone
than him that's cool
I've got 4300 numbers on my phone you're
so cool honestly I wouldn't break a bat
now in like 6 million little children
would you lie
I know 6 billion children I came back to
yourself might stop no that's it that's
that's bad to the start again anyway
this guy I like don't don't go over to
his channel don't do anything just let
this person put gay you were gay like
don't do this don't please I had to get
this out you know in so many men so do
not flat out call him do not blame and
lie about him doing child abuse he is
not worth going to like if anything you
guys are making him carry on there the
video there the only video is getting
any of you please don't go to this guy
anymore because he is terrifying that's
all I wanted to say I just wanted to
show you guys what I'm scared of right
now everyone always says what's your
biggest fear madethe quite testing that
one Cho seriously he uploaded that he
later died and got 600 views well I
don't know what's going on I'm gonna I'm
gonna just stop there I'm sorry I don't
know what this video was well I I had to
let you guys know I am terrified I won't
believe in the house anytime soon
because who knows where this guy is
gonna be lurking so thank you guys for
watching hope you guys enjoyed it that
you have anything else you need me to
react to or you want me to anyway tweet
me thanks for watching ambush shitty
town I hate y'all like come to the
Tulley hit me on the phone you could run
to the Sally just walk down why they
looking at meetup girl you the blind
could we play like free dough I got my
jacket for you if you attack home swag
hope I can tell I can tap Oh first time
I seen I miss you
