what's up guys and welcome to my final
ever FIFA 15 pack of Saudi selling the
half K pack so I thought let's just open
some of these my last ever Paco needs to
cornier
give me something good no chemistry
style right so we started off all right
style 78 that's pretty decent and 276
three players in a pack what I can get
three players again that'd be insane
imagine our eyes are silver that still
alright three players and one of them
was rare come on one play is all I need
one good player to round off feed 50
pack of things for good and it's it's
van der Vaart final pack for FIFA 15
please please please
we got an 81 rated cassini oh that is
sick what a way to end FIFA 15 pack
openings with senior 81 rare player now
he's bloggers to the club right that's
all for the pack opening today as normal
you know if in a pack while I do the
outro and I have enough coins or a
bronze pack so yeah thank you guys for
watching that is the end of FIFA 15 pack
openings for me hi
didn't even eeny balban's
and now look at the players again look
at me but given that Packers your mypie
governing luck man I got some mad techs
seriously whooping mckeavy hey seriously
you go good this bike is I mean we got
begin the blue lon we've got frickin
swallows blue Robin I mean I don't care
about this lot I know but whatever but
for real fee 50 pack openings that darn
I don't take this seriously
Oh Papa no Papa no no no wait wait turn
out turn out a bike no good week short
I'm feeling this I'm really feeling this
frickin game right now
