guys I'm gonna get relegated no Simon
you're not I know what's going on right
now your is so negative Simon just
frickin just believe you're gonna win
actually don't know why I'm still
continuing this believe in yourself
Simon let's get on with the video so I
have two games left and I have to win
both games if I lose either one or draw
a the one I am relegated in division 2
mm and the top comment today was to sell
all my teams and to buy one opt
fortunately no one sells so I have a
plan because of how things have gone and
the likelihood is I will get really good
for not saying I will but the likelihood
is after this episode I will be
streaming probably Tuesday it'll
probably be like a couple hours video
and you guys come watch what you want a
bit I know a lot of people are gonna be
like oh why is you know editing it but
I'm gonna be literally live-streaming it
to YouTube enough talking let's get to a
match befores ballers be portable oh
there we go that's really good still is
a really good team tope diesels gonna
screw me over here let's frickin go all
right mo tens around one run around -
all right and then take it back up and
then BOOM
ah the Dow but I'll blow through left
come on that's disgusting set them off
so no more straight okay yellow this
early on it's good ha ha ha no Papa no
no no wait wait turn up turn up I'm fake
no good
Oh such a weak shot I'm feeling this I'm
really feeling this frickin game right
now
Wow tears tears phlegm through okay yeah
AB boom you missed and you actually fell
over as well you didn't just miss you
actually fell over what the fuck what
the fuck what the fuck not no no no no
no how wait noise I know where he's
going
I know he's going he's gonna turn back
ready yeah turn back wait though don't
let me get it don't know
oh come go he's putting some pressure on
as well why does so many people in
Division one do that why don't that why
they do it
this guy doesn't understand the severity
of this situation why is it gun
please out of everyone he doesn't
understand the severity of this game oh
my god one ball one ball one ball and
he's strong whinnies he scores the only
chance he's really had I don't gay I
can't score please me off please that
he's not even off he's not even off
that's to Neils to two minutes oh my god
he didn't leave the side I'm gonna cry
I just can't hit the target for some
reason playing fellahin play him go run
run run
yeah you thought I was turning in their
thought was turning in and then oh you
take so long I need a goal I need to
stop this please I've got child support
chance I've got chance I've got chance
here wait cl√©mence no Buddhist where's
the runs and here comes next goal here
comes the next girl where the Frick did
evil come from I really really really
really really feel like I could have won
this game as well that's the annoying
thing yeah I'm losing I'm gonna lose
I've lost there's nothing up there
there's nothing I can do why fat Casarez
though I don't even know you said
casserole and now it's freaking look at
it look at it now now my defences met
because I'm on all that attack ah you
little bitch look look look look at that
that ball is just too freaking far and
now where's that just end the game and
the game mate please just end this
fucking game we relegated lads relegated
I can't win the mission one it's just
not where I want to see it don't want to
see that vision to again but we're gonna
play the first game of division two now
and then we will be streaming the rest
of it probably Tuesday just before the
game comes out let's go team we're in
Division two really there's that big a
difference between division 1 and
division - I mean he may be good who
knows but all I'm saying is the team is
no way near what the last one was I just
run two run pauses they are passing
again pass it I'll take my free-kick
thank you very much
this is like perfect for my turn ah that
was too close actually seen him on see
them on cinema love him nah nah how did
he catch that just won the first 25
minutes I can tell you the i 100%
hammered
off siding really I'm a division 2
player Oh hahaha
although when I say a Division 2 player
I mean Division 2 player no Sestak non
ceci he segi Oh the chaos - fine fine
out there okay throw let's go oh my god
no I'm losing in Division one I kind of
expected this one I don't know what
happened
I'm actually shot please work please
let's go let's go then turn out alright
ref ref come on that's obstruction at
least that's something that's come on
he blocked me somehow hard time and I'm
losing again something is wrong with me
something is actually wrong with maybe I
won't swim this planet lemon how Tevez
just got out muscled like literally he
became a little bitch where the hell do
I go from here you know what I don't
like this don't like this don't like
this they like this wait wait maybe I do
know breath you see me city - got mother
play
no great save thank you hon Dunwich I
need a goal I don't know why I can't
score today you know where he's going
you know he's gonna cross it in no no
block the shot block the shot here you
go right there you go
cross it in pass it forward pass it
there right and then turn out turn out
not a rev what the Frick what not dude
wow I'm actually done with FIFA I'm done
with FIFA 15 I actually just got mother
I can't be seen anymore it's ridiculous
before any of you point out that I said
that this division looked a lot easier
it did look a lot easier just some
reason I can't score I just don't want
to keep it catches it's over there's the
got there's one I actually scored to
Lee's be on please be on please be on
please feel please be on there's the
double tap boom no no no when that if
you win that I know you're oh no but
he's giving it all my days that was
close scene actually ah what am I going
to do what am I gonna do FIFA's out in
like five days or something or four days
I'm gonna have to just stream for like
five hours to win let me know what you
actually think of that idea because I
will happily do it let me know in the
comments thank you guys for watching I
have like seven thousand coins I
freaking hate this thanks for watching
and see it what them no oh my god I
can't stop its attack it's too good I
mean I can hold it off for a little bit
but it's only a matter of time until
keeps what no no no are you
grunts was the run noclip ah from Rob
Devas no wait it's still on it's still
cut oh that's
