what's going on guys and it's kind of
all good
today we are playing the FIFA 16 demo
and something a little bit different
we're playing a head-to-head match but
every time you miss the shots if you
shoot and don't score do you like one of
these
I've done this in the past with
penalties I've seen Toby I think and
mani do it and Ethan and Cal did it
yesterday now it's my turn and we're
trying out the no shooting or no goal
scoring tactic method bean boozled
challenge there's what I've just called
it yeah okay so Josh who are you gonna
be you know randomly we're gonna random
yes all right three two one boom okay
way by the table shoot in the whole game
oh shit
but the loser also has to do - okay
alright so Real Madrid the Man City I
can't I want to shoot only shoot right
now no go go go oh no shot going down
the shot shot that wasn't a shot the
thing is I you kind of want to thank you
into it like I actually want to just let
you have a chance so let me show you it
yeah thank you into it this make bonus
yeah the green one the green buddies are
like lying that lime green one this is
yeah no no business number one yeah the
normal green this could either be line
of lon
as I say I like their article cream
cheese yeah how about either you know
cross is the why was it you thought tell
can you ask Rossi just five or move on
all right
I don't regret anything oh okay there we
are the way you're messy on that are you
I'm going to get the pull me an ally out
there no and you know oh oh no instincts
took over okay all right down tutti
frutti or stinky socks
um stinky socks and by other worse I
have a drink let the dreams of the ready
does it spin dog food or chocolate
pudding you know I played this game like
Jeremy yeah probably in about 11 beans
in total I think eight of them the vid
doctor we go drink already
yeah
all right so still nil-nil
fun of it basically to be its finish you
out we're screwed all fuck no oh God
oh shit all peach I would rent vomits on
the worst ones all right I'm gonna put
in my mouth and oh yeah let me bite and
chew it all right ah good you talking
about you want he knows people actually
come in every single video like oh
they're not that bad
they was really all go out and buy them
buy them and then yeah and then then
you'll see fuck you know looking a
little pet Oh
I'm not really hungry that's not good
off so we go into the second half
one-nil up loser has to eat to remember
nice
yeah you lose and as a moment it seems
like you are you realistically you
should be eating one if a score nah we
didn't agree on that for we're not gonna
add it in the two at the end up through
the same time zone
yes fine yeah don't spoil of it
you know let's just work right remake
boom but I just let you ah love it all
Beach yes please everyone example it
it is right on it
ah it just never tasted so good duel
tactic now is basically like yeah come
on Cara come on cyber shopping ok
properly you know you're a little bitch
no no no I can't experiment this shop
but I'm trying to get back in the game
of this but hey you cuz 33 is the best
one you can smell the socks in your
mouth that's how bad is please please
the bad base back please
oh yeah right so I think we've wrapped
up there are one firstly did I win you
had a lot more shot things worse having
a goon the balance give I may be even
worse if I can stinky us off anyways
today for this video we also recorded a
video on josh's channel which you can
check out in the description which is
just probably one of the most weirdest
videos i've ever recorded in my life i
think you can agree with that eyelid see
Jenna and the description on josh's
channel battle of the day thank you guys
watching and see ya good effort what
them no oh my god i can't stop his
attack it's too good I mean I can hold
it off for a little bit but it's only a
matter of time until
keeps no no no our user runs play from
robbed us
no wait still um it's still good
