do a dramatic intro in your car right
now that's done what's up guys and
welcome back to another Q&A I haven't
done one of these in so long but we're
back let's get into the questions would
you rather have t-rex arms or orange
size head I think I could deal with this
I mean first up I can't actually reach
down there that's one big problem that's
gonna take some getting used to but a
head this size I imagine that imagine
there's a neat organ here lineup it in
we're going for the t-rex arms how often
do you use your superpower I'm actually
not allowed anymore the rise in water
levels in the world is actually due to
my superpower yeah too many girls got
wet from a stop stop stop I don't use
anymore I'm past that I've retired as a
superhero okay
those days are past it no longer hero
you guys looked up to not I'm not making
any more girls wet with that or guys
mainly guys hey put this in your video
for no apparent reason sure if you were
sent to live on the moon what three
things would you take with you okay so
I'm just heading out work whitey
oh gosh get it to the moon yeah got
everything you need yeah I think so
right oh uh yeah yeah pleasure
football yeah okay not transport yeah so
I guess I'll see you in a couple weeks
oh good time I yeah I'll see you in a
couple weeks mate yeah who'd you kill
out of the pack I mean I like the fat
Preston like I like all of them I
wouldn't kill any of them Preston and I
honestly don't know who I could choose
our any of them I'd kill Preston was
your first goal for YouTube ah that's a
good question is it was quite a while
ago there's probably this one have you
had your wisdom teeth out actually don't
know I've had teeth out before and they
were back here so I don't know I don't
have their wisdom teeth but I had like
five teeth removed I had two that too
and one of the front ones and they are
like a bitch I'm pretty certain they
weren't wisdom teeth though a thing they
were just normal you know like whatever
those big back teeth are so now I
thought up my wisdom do a parody of
Lamborghini big rims on my car no
distance that's too far open up the
trunk to find your mama's panties and
her bra windows clean my windows clean
wipers on and they're sounding kind of
squeaky trying to fit into my mini cup
in my mini butt in my mini bitch I know
you see me trying to fit into my mini in
my mini ha in my baby's legs so long
it's a good job that I'm skinny
which one of the sidemen is best at
using the swegway I mean I'm not I'm not
even gonna pretend I am if you didn't
see the music video for test me which
came out like a week ago leave your
money and get off this video I may have
taken quite a big fool and if we also
look at Harry's swegway Olympics
I think Toby was the best outside man I
mean Toby is really good at it Toby can
do quite a few tricks on it Harry low
Harry he has no fear but in terms of
best I'm gonna have to say Toby
have you ever had a near-death
experience I mean I moved in with JJ if
that cow actually I did that one when I
know holiday with my family me and my
brother that you've seen in some other
videos we went up this hill and then we
took a shortcut down but we can t came
to this bit where it was literally a
cliff and even though we didn't fool or
anything like that
it was literally a cliff but you know
like in games where you have to like
shimmy across things it was genuinely
like that and I've kind of blocked out
all my head as if it didn't happen but I
said to my brother to happen and he was
like yeah we almost died I don't know
how he got in that position but if we
had fallen there that would have been it
what changed the most in your normal
life what changed the most in my life
good
how is my life changed sure
perfect
hi uh yeah yeah
constable yeah mad bro why you mad bro
hi welcome to the crew Jabba the Hutt Oh
what was I
big rims on my car no distance that's
too far
open up the trunk to find your mama's
panties and her bra windows sleep good
windows clean white was one and there
sounded kind of squeaky trying to fit
into my mini top in my mini in my mini
but I know you see me trying to fit into
my mini stuck in my mini ha in my mini
thanks so long it's a good about I'm
skinny
