FIFA 16 yes it's uh it's I honestly
don't know I haven't played it this is
the first time I am playing the demo and
is what it looks like for anyone who
doesn't know but you probably do because
it was actually out yesterday it's over
like five hours to download this this
very frickin good oh oh you know I know
it's straight away you know what I know
it's that hottie down there that's
actually let's actually carry on with
the video I'm gonna be trying out the
foot draft today because apparently it's
pretty good I see you got choose the
formation what I can't change you
afterwards
screw it for five one why not I captain
taught or a car why I want Ronaldo but I
can't frickin use him in this position
you know what I still don't care Ronaldo
we've chosen you cam here we go are we
gonna get are we gonna get oh we're
gonna get a brain and we're gonna try
and hopefully get someone better for cam
the other side right-center mid we yeah
this is coming horrible sighing it is oh
this is going badly all right cam please
oh okay oh okay there we go there we go
what strike a time who again we are
getting
no one goods all right we're gonna get
corner tub I have to Oh actually better
our vehicle take we're gonna say good
ran a bitch we're gonna we're gonna try
and get a BL back line please
pblpblpblpbl is Steve here please clean
up Gators what we're gonna take Sacco's
yes I I left back I need someone in the
BBB a please DVD movie
yeah now like a BB I'll go keep up my
team's complete Courtois I get to the
bench as well wait you say this is just
the same game mode as I did the other
day on FIFA 15 I get camming the BPL
like Stella
so what oh you know what I'm gonna take
Silver's up her pace isn't that
important which means I could now do
this so that's the team I have changed
from Ireland for Pepe because I wanted
better chemistry and the team is done
actually I with a 94 chemistry 84 rated
now Who am I gonna play I was to get a
manager apparently so I were planning a
computer that is that's always fun we're
gonna start off because this is my first
game we're gonna start off with inter
because I feel like if I choose
Barcelona I'm not gonna touch the bull's
eye first game of the foot draft which
is our 1715 technically but there we go
I forgot playing against the PC that
means I can't just run okay when
professional just passed around back
this is great isn't it so fun playing
against PC oh my god just give me the
ball give it a bowl
they know he's still got the ball with
give me the ball you're really boring I
hate you
what is this new pass he will keep doing
a new kind of pop why are you not
catching that waste just call that he
just digs your shoulder that you're
mocking me off mate Oh Oh finally have
an attack finally over to that scene an
early ball early bolt uh wait it's still
it's still on oh wait wait sit still on
going wacko crossing then then boom it's
bicycle kicking in defense like that I
know they were in people could theme but
that was ridiculous one crispy order I
picture it literally
I meant to chop right there and it's for
now do I guess that I Albert Albert how
you came cool are you keep cool their
album banks all gone to nil I'm confused
I put on professional because I asked
out the others what should I play on
either they want mug Emile saying I'm
not good or they're not good and they
actually struggle to be professional run
Willie on home run
yeah terrible attempt me kick it his
face I know this is my first game
alright but so far it's just like 15 I
know al are you going to disagree with
me about that but it really is just the
same game they score this and scripting
EA EA going up computer retarded this
looks so much like an old version of
FIFA the FIFA 15 actually looked nicer
than this and I'm not trying to just be
like oh you know like I hate this game
for whatever I'm just saying it doesn't
feel different enough for a new game
obviously it sort of final build so I
can't really say much now and he's got a
jobs now I say he I mean it computer it
doesn't have a chance anymore oh it does
oh hi come on in Palacio bring on Briony
little bull bitch go on yeah okay yeah
you did me a little bit until then half
of oh you put it what why are you
passing there just shootin it's a goal I
put it under pressure now it's different
Matt it keeps doing that and court
Watchers jump through the net right now
though you know what you know what this
one isn't a fake shot that one wasn't
that one believe look the keepers parry
everything ah one more goal to win just
one more gold
what is that as a head I got oh that's a
go
oh he's miss up I told you they'd miss
open those amazed well just not have a
goalie action run good wha
run who needs a goalie run come on oh my
god oh my god oh okay oh I know I didn't
even do that I got a corner from it
though we're trying the old Napo tactic
so edge um oh that was that was not a
good shot there is get rid get rid okay
that's not exactly the way I wanted his
head it know what guys I think it's a
solid to nil wind I'll didn't see that
one coming - JA girl will en come on
yeah I've seen you in the middle what
song is that that's it done so my
Ronaldo goal of the stock and the Remi
other goal ended the game I mean that's
wise it's pretty even but that is the
first foot drop thank you yeah thank you
for letting me play I don't know why I
think about it at the moment I know this
isn't obviously the final build because
it is only the demo but at the moment I
just don't feel like it feels different
enough to draw it like warrant a new
game let me know what you think in the
comments thank you guys for watching see
ya what the actual hell like I've hit so
many bear shots from that stench stupid
Oh storage please oh come on are you
free
and he's injured as well seems even real
Timur look at boom come on
like his shot was what home what is
going on what is good what how how how
is okay thank you for missing that
because he does not deserve to be
winning okay he has a chance
