yo what's going on guys and welcome to
my old baby photos now I thought I'd do
this video because it's my birthday
today I'm so lonely and I thought why
not spend my birthday showing you guys
some of my earlier pictures from when I
was a baby this does also got to when I
was about 12 so yeah some of them you
know you can definitely tell it to me
right now the first picture I'm gonna
just does straight into the deep end
because this is probably the worst
picture out of all of them welcome to
the crew Jabbar the hunt are you serious
I mean seriously little bit this is me
okay this is me this is Jabba the Hutt
serious that's the same thing I was a
fat baby and my mom always goes I know
you were not being harsh I was a fat
baby that proves it I mean look at their
chins I mean that kind of explains why I
have stretchy skin I mean like my wenis
is huge now I mean even in that picture
I mean I'm still pretty big I mean yeah
it's not like I'm not like huge I'm not
one of those ones where you can't tell
it's elbows from its hands but you know
what I mean it's still it's still quite
a big baby
and considering how freaking skinny I am
now like how these pictures are how I
freaking loved food I mean I still love
food obviously because don't don't get
me wrong like I still like chow down on
some food but that didn't even end up in
my mouth I don't know how I got five the
harvilles in my face nah what the hell
am i doing I like how the first thought
is take a picture that not clean off my
face
I was sick from a young age you know
that is that style I mean even in this
one as well I still got my how like this
apartment I have kind of Putin my own
mean how did I put myself there
now this next picture all right it's
something you will never ever see happen
again
cuz I am wearing a man United top that
is hideous bothers to my brother's a
United fans and they raised me as a
United fan until I finally had a brain
for myself and I realized Leeds is the
way hence the picture of me in another
man in a cab this guy is the devil
without technically bullying I mean I am
clearly upset in this picture about that
hat although that woman's kind of hence
you know look at a muscle actually now I
think about it I'm even looking for food
at this age I'm going for those bad boys
alright now this one this is the start
of wedge man that's when I realized I
was gonna be as wedge as him but this
one I don't even know how to explain
literally just like don't I can't I
oh no the horns were for something I'm
not that weird
oh yeah I'm weird wearing a bin bag as a
cape but to be bad that looks sick like
I am a freaking amazing vampire I am
also an amazing something I don't know
what you call us I'm an amazing star cat
thing so we got the three pictures left
alright and we've taken a huge jump
forward we are now into 2001 so I am
gonna be 9 at this stage this is me at
school the real question is now you've
seen my teeth before I had braces again
those teeth are just mad I'm still
convinced try if I never got my teeth
fixed
I'd be Bernardini right now and then I
became a lad look at that I am 12 in
this picture and I am already drinking I
went straight from there to the strip
club Jabba the Hutt to the final picture
wizard that I don't know when this was
taken but you can this is before I grew
so in year 11
all right I was freaking like five foot
eight or something until year twelve and
then I grow into this lanky weirdo that
you now know that's all good today I do
have more pictures which I'm not gonna
be able to show you today because I am
out of the moment because it's my
birthday as I said thank you guys for
joining me today and see what the actual
hell like I've had so many bad shots
from that stench stupid Oh storage
please oh come on are you free and he's
injured as well seems even real zebra
look up oh come on
like his shot was what Oh what is going
on what is going what how how how is it
the Fae thank you for missing that
because he does not deserve to be
winning okay he has a chance
