yo what's going on guys welcome to
another Ultimate Team now I know I am
posting this a lot but I have a reason
FIFA 16 is outsole so soon and I still
ain't won this division so I'm gonna be
posting this quite often I'm very sorry
for that although some of you do like it
so there you go I'm not sorry for them I
only have 700 coins so the top comment
doesn't really matter this week but if
you do comment again hopefully I'll have
enough coins to do it you won the most
liked comment will be the one I choose
so remember to like until the comments
we're in Division one I need to win both
games today if even that have a chance
of winning side pain happening but if I
do win both today that I'm pretty set on
staying in the division and last episode
we got a certain Alexi Santa sees in the
team right come on be PL team let's go I
the 11 this is the 11 not just okay that
is 11
pretty damn thee well if it's only the
11 it means it doesn't have the 12th man
on his side so do we go hopefully the
crowd the ref the line owes us a foul no
oh yes I got a ref you seen him through
the middle seen him through the middle
oh that's for always a crush that was a
shot
haha this is your eye this game is
already frickin lagging on such as come
on mate oh no no all right wait the lag
the like such as oh wait Diego you
missed this black is horrible seen him
see the through see the through come on
stage take a look
ah this lag deposit imposter in dummy ah
de Maria finesse killer fine it's what's
up so it's odd wait no way I had to I
that wouldn't work storage so oh boy
storage look but no your left foot it
come on let's go I've just realized he's
got God as his like abbreviation dick
watch him get this one set piece of
store
okay okay never mind are you serious are
you actually serious what the actual
hell like I've had so many bear shots
than that stupid Oh storage please oh
come on are you freaking and he's
injured as well seems even real Timur
look at oh come on
like his shot was what oh my what is
going on what is going what how how how
is the fit thank you for missing that
because he does not deserve to be
winning okay he has a chance okay no I
have to win this game he doesn't even
deserve to have a chance there no no
stop stop
get rid of that that's the end of the
game there we go hard time what am I
saying I don't know how the stats that
way obviously I feel like I've been
dominating him but it turns out Adam I
Simon this is for the title dreams this
is the dream keep it alive
Sanchez Sanchez Sanchez don't wait oh no
it what are you doing Sanchez come on
Grif give me some yeah bass yes Danny
Boy even though you're injured battle
dude No
oh no no no no oh I was doing so well
okay senior senior please please do go
so why do my players not want to
actually kick a ball like I feel like
they just lost their love for football
and they just they refused draft thank
you should take that no no no I want my
one more free kick hey every time just
doesn't make sense to me dodge ref come
on
neither can i have some favor please
right give me that give me that nut I
actually I actually want the free kick
thank you
let you've got a play on the line so
this has to be special which is not this
game is so freaking frustrating though
like when you just can't win you lose
3-1 to a game I really really feel like
I should have won genuinely pissed off
about that I feel like I should have got
draw out oh and what's that oh there
goes the title just see that flying away
now I'm playing for safety we got to use
the Italian team because they're the
only team doing work for me the last guy
was called the 11 here 11 players you're
called D white ecers please do not have
tackers please please please can I win
this game alright go outside outside but
yeah and then go keep going again give
it wet what the Frick
what the hell were you doing defense
what no plan 3 playthrough let's go No
buh-buh-buh literally just ran away from
the hall like you initially if you'd run
in a straight line okay it's still alive
but if you'd run in a straight line abut
I didn't need to shoot that's decent
effort sugar sugar sugar no I love it
come on like he scores easy chances than
I miss it's happening again lads I'm on
that downward spiral of just losing
every game what the break what the row
right so not only is title dream gone
the relegation dream is very very much
alive the Dow has a little chance the
Dow please a big thank you for Dow what
the hell like to see my defect NASA
knows my defense stepped up looking away
Alicia you just
concur we do mate I have passed a game
left to pull back the 3-1 loss if I do
that I'm the best Obama brother smash it
across and he's missed of course yes -
there's Tamez boom why you kickin it at
the goalie ok ok ok ok tell us tell us
tell us tell us but my little finish yes
pick up the ball run mutters run run no
no no how is he catching up finish yeah
alright no no I said if I win on the
best but in say if I draw all right I'm
actually putting pressure on ref ref
right play me Fleming go go go go go go
no please see you so Suzu please please
be on please be on please - video why
did I not why did I take that shot so
early Ashley Ashley this has to be a
good cross you leave again I'll cross
that out at your little shit
we've ended we've actually ended I was
so close to being the best I pulled it
back I should have won
I just didn't fucking school I have to
win two of my last four games
if I get relegated guys I can't do it
again I can't go through this pain ball
games left two more episodes to see what
happens if I stay in the division then I
will try again one last time and then it
will probably be time for FIFA 15 16 I
said it's too emotional I don't know
what's happening thank you guys for
watching let me know with the comments
who I should buy and ship come on
will you I get that please please get up
don't do a bad touch buzzer visible oh
great effort oh it's good effort William
by Willie and you're really signing game
for this game now you've really started
oh oh wait war William will it oh no oh
no no
aizen come from
