now I know what you're thinking why am I
wearing this hat it is because I saw it
outside Josh's room and I actually
bought it look jokes
I fought today I'm just gonna play two
games this many against Ethan but
basically he fell asleep because he was
a little bit too drunk so I will be
using this team I'm editing this while
I'm sober by the way hence why is
actually edited twat well and I'm using
this team and I'm gonna play two games
online and see if I can win a match I
let's see the team dance LFC let's see
the team we got some Lewandowski we got
okay we got that's a sixteen ah you
ready for this let's go let's go come on
wolcott come on Walcott
come on walk up boom okay nothing going
I'd seen it to look it up flick boom
Bernard bananas - kill it oh don't
tackle it tackle alright but I didn't go
well I make tackle make cycle ok get
Ricky read what is wrong with my team
all right we'll caught Walcott passed
across mate pass it across turn out as I
read give me a pen Oh Walcott Willie
Walcott things over and your yard or a
didn't score are you ready for this Luiz
Felipe come on
what's up cross what uh-oh what happened
oh my god like keeps keeps keys look at
that look at that great shot mate that
was frickin oh shit Oh are you free how
is he scoring that I this game is going
a lot slower than a fork okay there you
go positive pause oh Oscar pen my bread
shoot something someone shoot how I
don't understand what's good pain that's
a pen no no no no no no ref ref breath
come on I'll give you a blowjob blowjob
puzzle
what no that was a shot ah just not in
the mood mate I'm not in the mood stop
right where's the runs way to run
spaghetti yeah there you go
don't run it run it walk up boom boom
butch was that all that I don't know
what I was I it's halftime and I'm
losing losing to nil this isn't going
exactly how I planned it basically I
wanted to win this game you know I'm
pretty certain I got this hazard head
Leslie give it all see get my lambs I'm
actually confused what's going on right
now I've got a pen that's pretty sick in
it first in top left and then it's done
that's a job ha ha ha sick all right one
more go and that's uh that's that's
always in it
three one down now I come on Willie walk
up Willie Wolcott Willie walk up play a
month
oh you know one of them ones where you
just get a really big itch on your butt
while you're playing all right when he
woke up
Willie woke up Willie Wolcott will he
woke up with the crossbow that's white
hazards guys that everything I'm gonna
win this game although don't know how
I've managed that done up excuse me I go
walk up bang one oh okay I'm back in
this I catch a draw I'm great sir my
left thigh doesn't function normally
while I'm waiting I just gotta hope he's
not sick of regex
he is he is this game genuinely feels
like has gone on for like two hours to
me oh my word is it the pop ha ha I I
might be able to pull out a draw from
this I actually think I might be able to
do this across it and then boom that's
it oh I wanna bump I got a corner is
that is that my low key but that's why
goalkeeper me gone hey I am for the
goalkeeper go run run oh my god how's it
oh oh okay
this is being as a you can't drunk my
fingers man's got the draw 404 freakin
O'Hara knee that was for promotion so I
first came into vision one if you watch
my other team you'll know I'm obviously
struggling so let's see how I do when
I'm drunk with a good team skill of 67
is my team and that's a shit T going
hazard look at this look at this ah
seeing you far side look at that I'm
actually better when I'm drunk up it yah
yah okay I'm definitely not bad when I'm
drunk so I know it you know what your
legend why not bank
you just missed you missed an open goal
I am battle right now go I play them
again if you if you miss this one you're
actually shit
shit just your little poo gone Willy
Wonka come on Carl Willy Wolcott really
Wolcott wait that's what does it
alright you know what fuck it we'll take
it
my controller vibrates hazards through
these through weight houses fag
okay done I need to start hitting
targets halfway
this guy is definition of a wanker well
I'm not I'm not even sure why why is
wanker even an insult I've thought about
it
say someone wanks isn't really an insult
kind of the same when someone says that
are your pussy it's kind of like a red
thank thank you have you call someone a
pussy alright all you're doing is saying
that you like them i oh yeah top left
finger bang it Leno fucking what the
brick what the Frick nah
ah I wasn't worried that's halftime I've
only had one shot target that was gonna
leave my parfait and toss that past that
BAM Wow
so nice not so good that was almost
almost a goal that that's what counts
yeah I can't believe I'm actually
winning but this is actually mad and oh
oh I think I want to score that a gay
little bit okay that's a lot oh nice
a playmate see neither seen you then go
on in wait rev thank you that's
disgustin send them off give him a red
know what fuck it let's just go for it
Yaya tour√© make yo-yo right fuck it
let's go just take that I'll take that
goal there you go there you go look at
that Bob ah come on
all right we'll go for the big tackle
we'll go for the big tackle ready ready
bum okay
nope boot pulled off if in doubt
kick it out come posture posture right
and then turning Bob
that's not ontology is it that's just
it's just not where I wanted it
it's at the end of the game we done
right we're done we're done we actually
we actually won again we actually won a
game and it was like very very dominant
but I was going on like division 1 seems
a lot easier on this but at the moment
I'm proving to you guys that the time is
actually 7:43 a.m. like that is freakin
early late I know whichever one you want
we want one game we drew the other
that's all for today I'm sorry eat
someone's in here but that's all I could
really do because you know I got drunk
and I was kind of expected to play so I
decided to do this thang I'm switching
and so you know I was the ruining me
like that what is wrong with the keepers
you know what fuck it dilution
sorry what I've got the bushi doing that
my I've got my right back doing that and
I've lost this game just end up freaking
game eight I've lost the gate just
