no girls going on now welcome to a
football challenge that is mad echoey if
you can't tell we are by the swimming
pool so I'm gonna be taking Josh on in a
football challenge where basically we're
gonna get three rounds each we're gonna
have two minutes then one minute then 30
seconds to kick as many footballs as we
can into there but there are only six
footballs there only six outs shut up
because of him there are only six
footballs so in the two minute round
you're gonna have to take all six shots
and then jump in get the balls come back
out and keep going you know like that
you get a point for every single time it
lands in one of those you ready no again
Ching Chang voila Ching Chang koala your
first okay wait a shirley bucket first
got your balls lined up yeah what's your
technique for this oh sorry there's no
technique please know the technique it
should have been go second what I hate
it here and then copy him
yeah
okay
well you've kind of you kind of gone a
bit lippy and Joshes Condon or a bit
more now you see those targets down
there yeah yeah I'm gonna put bullet in
them Wow I have to get a 3-2 win I'm
lost
right slice a wolf or whole football I
don't know why called this video but
that's it for today josh is the winner
somehow please somehow I got more in
than you now anyway so we gonna do a
video everyone justice Chelsea to make
sure you check out his channel in the
description subscribe while you're over
there so I guess I'll leave a link to
yes yeah thank you guys watch it new
like video and please I know you were so
like
