so your whole team now piss off so your
whole team imbibe se no no no I sentence
just Pitt wait that's actually a good
idea
well it would be if I literally had 300
more coins you know what one more game
in Division one
then I am buying Sanchez and I need to
win both of these games today so we
aren't using that League one shitty team
we using a ppl team that is about to get
Sanchez and Willie and this is your last
game you're playing against this team
which is alright I mean I've had better
hi guys let's do this division one here
we go just is your one turns out turns
out and - don't well this is going
better than I could have hoped oh no oh
no oh no his storage is so broken okay
come on come on will you get there
please
please get up don't do a bad touch
buzzer blizzerball oh great effort oh
it's good effort will ya bye Willie and
you're really sign a game to this game
now you're really sign oh oh wait poor
William will it oh no oh no no
a little bit worried now because I was
winning so comfortably and I should be
tuning up but Diego Costigan frickin
Giga Paul what is going on et just fake
shots and bull Rose rose for Rosie bull
Rose and it works there you go there you
go come on Shirley Shirley run Shirley
run
oh wait see the past huh that was just
as slow as home
wait at my work wait Ramirez wait oh oh
do come ah - hey oh I don't know I'm not
winning this please please wait Ramirez
oh it's off the line
okay okay where we go okay we're getting
a little bit lucky now we are getting a
little bit lucky
this game isn't gonna end up the draw
and I think we both know that right now
so it's an Italy who can get that last
goal and there's halftime as I told you
it's very very even although I probably
should have had a second oh no no no no
no no no wait my team is turned into
retards see little where's my team
where's my team Oh Willie oh come on
last game Willie's great Bowl how was it
no no stop stop no no no no no no no no
no no oh
why you running bastard let up no do not
go I know I can literally stop pressing
it's so long ago pulling your shirt does
not make your legs not work and now I'm
losing and I'm not gonna win this
division and there's the next girl this
please she said why is clay see
there I can't believe I've lost another
frickin game that I probably shouldn't
have lost no how is he ruining me like
that what is wrong with the keepers you
know what it reduce it
so what I've got the booty doing that my
I've got my right back doing that and
I've lost this game just end up freaking
game eight I've lost the gate just just
end it just thank you
I mean I could still win the league I
just can't lose another game let's go by
Santos and we have a Sanchez in the team
now now we won't lose although the team
is tired song enough to play the Italian
team say my name say my name uh wow wow
wow he doesn't even have neighbor
alright so if I lose this game I come in
the title anymore and my division is
already over I wanna bother
come on a barber come on a barber come
on a Baba Oh
Oh our wait turn up okay
come coat come on roll don't fall it was
it again
Oh edge of the area up okay Papa that
touch diabolical Oh jiminy Oh No
why not do that why 40 brows so freakin
far okay come on teeny oh come on jiminy
Oh Oh Reb thank you taking so that
that's a yellow as well isn't it yellow
giving me a local high school from this
angle
can it can up surely not I did come on
come on I need to just defend I know
he's gonna score again this is to keep
my title hopes alive right let's go
let's go let's go Clem Clem on the top
right that's great take out severs I
don't know half that's not foul but
we'll take it with a lot go positive
positive there you go oh I don't know if
that was even me come on just get rid of
this do not fouling though I have
determine if up why you paucity there
okay okay now we have a chance now we
have a chance pass it across pasta cross
over girl
wait oh there we go done - Neal - Neal
turn up all right I owe blebbing
whoa whoa rebel Ted a free kick thank
you guys play on the line we've got take
it quick there's the free kick I'm so
close and that's halftime we're winning
- Neal the dreams are alive boys he
hasn't had a shot and they're you're
gonna I know yeah I know you're turning
back I know you're gonna turn back in on
a no de bruyne stop stop tight
Jacqueline please come on please can I
just get rid can I get no can I actually
just get rid of this this is actually
hurting oh no should get rid of the ball
look at that look at that and then you
pass it in and boom I done now you're
not scoring that seven so I'm a little
bit disappointed from a world-class
striker oh ho ho
ah there's the bow at both not tethers
like actually guys you having a laugh
okay he is putting on way too much
pressure way too much way too much who
can be drawn actually gonna draw this
frickin guru okay come on please he's
playing soul-sucking attacking right now
I can't actually do with it okay maybe I
can
no rich rep rest come on I actually want
that free-kick okay you're not gonna get
it though you're not gonna get it
you're not get what is going on come on
ref just blow your whistle now blow them
blow the whistle blow the whip blood
with support wait wait that's it we've
done it we've actually won one and the
dream is still alive the six games left
that is three more episodes if I win
everything which I obviously want that
would win me the title if I want
everything that's all for today I have
700 coins I can't do anything
thank you guys for watching today and
I've gotta have to be doing this a lot
more often because the new game is
actually out in like two three weeks and
I need to get the dun da let's watch it
and soup no no no no no no no no no no
no now he's school buddies for okay
that's that's very very worrying this
game should already be over there you
guys sit through it blows that that's
just fantastic isn't it that is
absolutely freaking brilliant I'll tell
you what you guys should never ever ever
ever ever have joe high angle unless you
want to give you this don't don't touch
it don't touch what what's given
