what's up guys and welcome to something
that I have never done before on this
channel I've done this once before
under pentoses channel which you can
check out in the description basically
it's like the drafted Victor 16 except
this is on FIFA 15 because I don't have
the game obviously because it's not out
we've already chosen a formation totally
chose two three four one two for me and
we both agreed on Suarez being the
player what we have to do is now go
through the team and you click on each
playing search the transfer market will
come up with five or six players of
Carnival which with doing each position
try and make the best team out of those
players then we'll play each other lose
asterisk on Suarez
I blame Toby's I've already said you can
figure out him in the description as
well time for me to build my team
alright so we're gonna start with the
cam alright so you've got a gold cam
search transfer mafia I can only have
one of these players so I'm gonna write
into sentiment we get the choice this
choice oh you know I'm sorry I'm I'm
gonna have to go much it I'm gonna have
to be I'm sorry it's moderate oh no
bollocks I we're gonna have to go with
the story yeah we're going storage I'm
gonna pray that yeah ppl right bit
please please rapid wrong one please
okay that was that was stupid I said
summary Club Chancellor mark it rebuilt
haha okay well yeah witty enough to
Toronto will you know controller will
you know okay we're going for the draw
Doug and for the other centimeter I'm
gonna need another BPL player because
this is just I won't have chemistry
otherwise and we get the choice of we oh
oh oh DeMaria d a map frickin area is
into the team I'm actually extremely
happy with this photos Bob but it could
all change in a matter of seconds okay
hey know what we're gonna take Ramos
we're gonna take Ramos left mint has to
be a BBVA player if it's not then I
don't know chemistry on that side and
it's it's not that is that's that's
fantastic that is all right now I do
need a ppl Center back and we get no oh
my god I guess we're gonna have to go a
Boateng I don't even know what I want
anymore we gave it a goalkeeper let's
just see who we get you know what screw
it I'm gonna take I've gotta take Bravo
realistically don't I and the final
position at which is center back goes to
any time come on please really call it
we're gonna have to take quality knee
now you have to do the bench you get one
goalkeeper
two defenders two midfielders and two
strikers goalkeeper first we get a
terrible turn you know what will take
the court wise the right please Center
back please please please please
wait no really
screw it Lauren what army took a fabric
yes I guess so I've changed my team
around a little bit I always aim for
chemistry so I've got a tee for
chemistry and no good defense is really
really not a good defense I may have to
bring on Ramos okay well that helped a
lot right we got 90 chemistry and a team
looks very very average in defense I
should score some goals let's see how
Toby's team is all right so first look
at the tomb his team looks pretty okay
Wow Wow
okay so Suarez and name off him I we got
this we got it so now Toby plays I
played him enough times oh okay Toby
just chill out you want to show the fuck
out Toby
play look at this play there you go
blahblah wrath come on I'll actually
realized when I'm playing Fifa I have no
control over my mouth okay past their
past their posture look whoa rocket dude
no wait no racket seat come on man
Corrado
Corrado Oh what's up Oh what no really
you just use just that lychees you just
left it so I mean no control Toby if you
dare put someone on the line of you Toby
you're really putting someone on the
line now it has to be spectacular that
was that was just awful
I thought more of you Toby whoa whoa no
that was way too obvious firstly it was
totally like he's good but does it
matter does it matter
good it does matter storage is away stir
it to the oh oh oh
red right if he gives a goal kick that
as well he's given no he's actually he's
given a goal kick for that you can't
actually deal with this wing play he
can't deal with the freaking ref whoops
oh no Suarez get by twice Warren this is
a right Soares shouldn't be there and
Caesaria shouldn't be down and Isis the
Kakarot Oh bollocks
Oh toilet Oh
you may discover that he's got that from
playing Toby this many times I've come
to realize that we are pretty damn even
my name I actually can't be tackled it
doesn't actually make them can't
actually be dang oh really how was the
school what spring what Toby
Toby's just stepped up another gear man
this is horrible
no it was true b1 you know what I do
deserve to be losing this I actually do
but that doesn't mean I'm going to lose
oh my god rip he got messy he got messy
as you do just casually you know just
nah naima wasn't good enough for me
let's just bring on messy
oh my frickin nothing what stop stop
doing that Toby Leonel Leonel just piss
off right you against frickin Lauren
shouldn't you didn't even be like on the
pitch shouldn't even be on the pitch
Vesey stop stop oh my days he deserves
to be winning this he deserves to pretty
weird
get your nerd run-run
there you go there you go go go go okay
we got to be one here go to be one boss
in wow wow wow I'm done I'm actually
done with this game
I'm frickin done that was the worst part
of ever seen in my life and there we go
that's the game done Wow hi this how did
I know score minute I should've shot a
storage why didn't I just shoot I'm an
idiot you know where to make or break we
go go for it we go go for it let's go
come on let's go let's go for on it
let's go let's go
all right yeah you think I'm gonna turn
in but I'm not I'll get a whippin okay
wait for it wait for it it's still on
okay surely shall a please be a good
ball pong oh oh my days that was so
close f√†bregas you know what I'm gonna
have to just start crossing it more and
more
even though storage is never gonna win
at Birds then why do you not have a weak
foot
you know what lads that's it that's the
game done unless last time y'all saw
saloon last chance know why wait twice
oh you just saved yourself against card
size Lord I'm eight
unless
really he's put he's all played on he
decided not to play on
he's a bet it's a red he's actually
given a red for that as well yes I go
for the mini minutes of free kick but
this is like if it works it works
there's the ball there's the ball in
wait no that's the sleepless game now
look at such an anticlimax but it's one
all that means is the draw no one is
discarding Suarez when people say
scripts it doesn't either strike a 45th
minute goal and a 90th minute goal
that's what I'm saying anyways that's
all for the draft today I'm really
looking forward to this game mode in
FIFA 16 be sure to check out Toby in the
description thank you guys for watching
and see ya okay William one more goal
and I feel like you might rip there's
gonna be a chop for anyone asking no no
no no no no no no no no no no he's
school buddies okay that's very very
worrying this game should already be
over that that's just fantastic isn't it
that is absolutely freaking brilliant
say what you guys should never
