why why why what the hell is this one I
did say I would do the most liked
comment but I specifically said do not
tell me to sell a team so it looks like
I am just stacking coins for today we
are using the BPL team we are in
Division one again and I am determined
to win the freakin title this time
please can I win both games today but
gay or an athletic Oh is gonna have a
really really good ppl team but nothing
special
oh I've just realized it's all man sit
here Wow wow this is gonna be fun run
Willie Ann run run run run run run run
oh my god oh my god where's he going he
doesn't know where he's dead he doesn't
know he doesn't know why he's doing this
guy no neither do i apparently wait what
head oh my god he's actually giving it
he's actually giving me please Shola oh
my god please let on but I can ah go on
storage storage
turns out rev I'll take that rep rest
are you serious oh my other piece cools
now I'm gonna be so frickin No stop him
stop okay win that win that okay and
then
and pole single throw wait
yeah yeah you thought I was gonna boss
no I don't go to heart wait wait he's
messed up a bit he's messed up bad oh oh
my days Ramirez we are really really
pushing him we are really pushing him do
Marino oh my god the hallway stage I
didn't the I believe she's a spanning
shoot ha soon it up and I have no idea
how they go there your breath actually
just pulled me down ok Willie add one
more goal and I feel like you might rip
there's gonna be a chop for anyone I'll
skin no no no no no no no no no no no no
he's school Bonnie school ok that's
that's very very worrying this game
should already be over there you go sit
down it blows die that's just fantastic
isn't it that is absolutely freaking
brilliant say what you guys should never
ever ever ever ever have Joe high-angle
unless you want to give you this don't
don't touch it don't touch what what's
given it's not on there I've a nice
dessert I deserve to be winning this
let's just hope it stays that way
okay go go go go go go go go go go go oh
sorry yeah I'm winning for what no no no
stop like one more goal and you should
just you should just quit
realistically you should have already
quit they you look at this look at this
plate look at this book
how does he say that Oh
he's got one back ok he might not quit
now which is a little bit worrying
because you know like I feel like I
could of maybe one this already but I'm
being silly saying that saying that Jove
are ok you know what you guys should buy
johar ok we are into the last three
minutes of the game and you know what I
feel pretty confident now now that
there's no there's this lag that's just
really annoying you okay now I am now I
am kind of worried what's the save I say
maybe just one of the games that's it
that's done won our first game of
division 1 deserves again calm tonight
which means if I win this game were
actually finally doing well I think it's
time for the Italian team let's go
let me see code 187 what is his team
like it's okay oh wow that is sweaty ah
come on Simon we can do this we can do
this you know what I don't actually know
if I can do this please don't be good at
free kicks please don't be good okay Oh
playing play me inflaming by one
what the hell Papa oh my god is doing
skills and winning free kicks I can't
actually deal with this no no no no no
that's gold like my defender literally
just watch that no but my camera's just
been fucking up with so
long and I'm to kneel down oh my god I
hate this freaking camera just doesn't
help me win games that was going in top
corner that was a centre-back okay I
need a goal I need to go now I need a
goal come on please please oh no will it
oh fuck is going on right we got a
half-time and like does it look like I
deserve to be losing no especially not
to nil bang there we go there's one nice
such nice football I we can still come
back to this convenient please just run
please just run I I and then turn out
again look at this so this is weaving
he's weaving no you know what even a
draw would do me proud
alright even a freaking watch getting up
picking up all give me the balls there
you go there you go they go thing you
threw run get that get that early Paul
what the hell was going on you know what
lads I'm just gonna have to go for it
I'm going attack it for now but I need a
draw at least he's actually time wasting
press press come on oh my god early ball
logic a corner corners fine come on last
minute corner
best of all there's two poor that's a
little bit far out there's a little bit
Oh
all right there it is again there it is
again solid what the Frick was that
that's the game that's the game that's
it done lost imaginary shops lol on
because that one by definitely just draw
would have been fair that already takes
away one of the two losses that I can
have this whole season I guess we'll see
what happens
but yeah that's that's all for today I
have 15,000 coins let me know you want
to buy and do not tell me to sell the
whole team because I'm just not going to
do it that's all for today then yourse
watching and soup I got the wheezy Stan
ah this is my room yeah oh wait a second
is that is that back
it's a bitch wait huh
lies a great view of a pitch try that is
like taking corners I'm gonna get a
great view
