what's up guys and welcome back to
another top kick challenge today my
opponent is none other than tell chisel
now if you don't know how this works
basically there is an app called top get
so like a mix between fancy football and
the panini sticker book beside like
panini side don't know what I actually
called I am NOT speaking sense today
basically welcome back to use those
players to make a team and then that
team gets points based on real-life
football events and today we are opening
one VBL pack which contains five players
and one Bundesliga pack which contains
five players you choose the best player
from each one or whoever we want we've
got to build a hybrid out of those and
then the loser has to discard their
whole team last time I played Ethan and
my packs didn't go too well so I'm gonna
open the Bundesliga pack first alright
so here we go Bundesliga 5000 coins here
we go come on just give me one player
that I know please oh oh I get ad luck
done it's done I don't even care about
the rest okay yeah I don't even care
about the rest and you know what he's
got inform as well so we are gonna buy
this inform Adler and he is gonna be the
first player in my team but now is time
for the BPL pack and this is the one
that went badly for me last time so
leave can I just have someone better in
a silver hi here we go three two one
skit we get Lescott plus I'd prefer and
a more attacking player not like him
rain sterling will do meet Raheem
Sterling you'll do right can only find
the Liverpool version so Raheem Sterling
you are into Michael at balls I just
realized
Toby got to choose my formation and yeah
I don't have a right sided player so
Raheem Sterling you looks like you're
gonna be playing cam today right so that
is over the top kick if you want to
check out you can check out in the
description but for now I'm gonna build
my team then I will show you the team
then I will play Toby and I will win
eventually alright so the team is
complete and as usual give me an
explosion boom my team is done for the
Bundesliga defensive goalkeepers are
Adler we've got Boateng and Dante in the
middle rafinha and schmaltzy
then we got Herzl playing CDM the only
player here that I'm worried about is
sterling and ass cuz he's on a three
camera but the team's looking good I'm
happy with it
hopefully Toby gets some bad players but
we'll see wipers we're going into the
match let's go I let's see Toby's
chocolate man here we go okay that
definitely is the striker maybe the cam
as well so what I can accent
maybe deal with that hopefully I here we
go come on Ksenia with the book Ksenia
with the book on okay he's already
tackled me this isn't gonna go well
Rooney Rooney by one Joe Hart and goal
mate thing which I've always said about
Toby's I think of everyone
maybe Josh goes like competed they play
the nicest football but if a mini mentor
free-kick works now that would just be
what effect on one door I was very close
okay stop him now stop him stop it Toby
I continue continue continue ah look at
that I didn't think okay you did expect
you completely expected that oh he's
definitely a hard nut to crack this Toby
fella but okay no how did he get over
look at the way he just caresses the
ball around the pitch look at it it's
beautiful
it's a majestic but does it lead to
anything I really hope not right you
know what casino casino you're in buying
one is an absolutely shocking strike for
a world-class striker see the gap see
the gap to run in to tackle him know how
Z I don't understand this man a lot I
don't deserve to be winning or anything
but I don't know how that hasn't been a
goal right hi hi God
Gragas in you never know Tori Tori you
little shit oh no that's a beauty that's
a beauty class of uni total classic
ah hi we're down one but there's still
time there's still plenty of okay there
was plenty of time freezing freezing
freezing freezing freezing go go go go
go go go go go no why didn't you shot I
come on agüero you Santana please
really you know what I we're just gonna
cross it by bus to visa who's open duh
knows what I was right on the stroke of
half-time I could have scored a back
heel out of in sick I'd even I'm not
gonna say I deserve to be winning
because even though I've had more shots
I I wouldn't include it
think maybe a draw is fair at the moment
I don't know what to do I don't have
time yet I know you always do the same
things okay come on man at least give me
some more credit than that
all right you know what we're going
attack in we're gonna attack you come on
it's oh where you going
let's do something let's do something
now let's actually do something let's do
something let's do let's do something
I shoot go look at that touch that's not
a professional footballer oh where is
good shots through it's good judge it
could have been levy end of the season
oh fuck off full court not allow it
we've got a lot of hiccups back where's
our team I'm on attacking I'm on
attacking seriously where the hell is my
team please continue grow grow grow wait
wait
Oh Oh No I don't have anything on I
don't have anything oh look we're buying
okay I'll take a corner I will take a
corner anything right now still with the
ball adds the with the fallen Oh fine
that is terrible all right we've gone
old you're attacking for the last couple
minutes we've gone ok play min run in
there playing in there and then play
them in there and then put no that's not
where I wanted eyes it okay no no no no
no no no we've actually we've actually
just gone and lost all keeps all right
chill chill yeah kill yeah he's messed
up he's messed up all right
he's actually trying to mug me off you
actually shot it what are we doing you
just left the ball no come on Toby Toby
give me one more chance one more chance
please don't mug me off come on now you
mugged me off
you actually mugged me off right now
Toby and jump all right what the how is
he going away with that possible no come
on
Toby's won at one meal and that is
Sammy's I have to discard my whole team
really freaking like that whereas well
man I was so confident on to be either
and now I've lost the others told me and
now I have to discard this whole team
not the bench because I didn't use them
but it's time for the sad music go for
it
and the final one is agüero st. onge
0.4 agüero this stupid game that's all
for today if you want me to play anyone
else with this challenge let me know in
the comments below I don't want to lose
more players so give me someone shit to
play that's all what a day that you guys
watching and see you oh you left fight
as well that could have been it they're
getting it there they go play again
pause it now
take a live please proof too slowly give
up everything just by passing somehow
okay this is bad this is very bad very
very no no no no no no no no Ramirez you
g do to start Diego Costa dougas are
boom what's a strike I will have
