right I'm gonna do something I haven't
done in a long time play with the BB LT
but that's not before I do the top
comment by Braithwaite for some reason
breath way why I just remember spending
the whole of last V for cooling and
mushroom head I is bought this is the
situation I'm in three games left and I
need five points if I lose one today I
have to win both the other games so if I
lose both today I am relegated but I've
spoken to a few other youtubers and they
have said the vision one is a very
tricky division so I'm not going to be
disheartened if I get relegated and I
know a lot you're gonna be like you're
terrible I know I am as I said BPL team
let's go I can't forget them watch the
lucky watch this is the reason I win all
the reason I lose all right color Simon
come on why am i eating myself let's go
come on look round one round what rap
really no I know I know you're turning
back yeah you're gonna yeah there you go
I positive positive and then you turn
out so I always eat tackling me every
time okay now I know this isn't good
this isn't good this really isn't really
no no no no I seen him I sit yes nice
okay where's that where is my runs
that's weird gain their deal Augusta get
in get in oh my days oh I got a corner
of it alright let's take this one I'm
running running lads running running
every frickin time there you go there
you're playin bloomin no take a limp
please can I just have another chance
alright you know what do cuz that's nice
that's nice that's nice right Shirley
Shirley positive and then you dumb it
you turn up no you don't that's about
where I we actually have a chance we
have a chance here he's held back he's
out back I'm sorry oh you look fine as
well that could have been it they're
getting it in your they can play what
I can pause it No Jacqueline please took
the floor white gives up everything just
by passing somehow okay this is bad this
is very bad very very no no no no no no
no no Ramirez you g do to start Diego
Costa to Gaza Bob what's a strike I will
happily take a corner for that please
don't catch this keeper please there
okay that's a book are you serious I I
think that is gonna be the half is it no
wait we might we may have another chance
we may have one more chop or not why we
as I'm in the best game but I actually
deserve to be winning which means I'm
gonna lose oh sorry sorry sorry sue
please nor does a red does about that's
a red as well let's go be a red give him
send him away the southern senemo or
send him off give him a red go yes he's
done he's gone he's gone the question is
can I make it fair and score this please
do Maria two little touch not for a
third time not for a third time please
why hi this is like the best chance I
have to actually win a game you know
unless unless and the storage no wait
wait no no no no no sorry Julie doing
mate
wait ton hey oh my Daisy initially just
took off you it's so frustrating I live
she just can't do anything although now
why are you upside there okay please
Diego Costa get you're not in there you
know you're not in there Diego Costa
storages and storage never wins anything
cause it's just not like good for me but
no why oh oh oh oh no oh that's it that
was my chance that was actually the
chance to win the game that you sewed oh
my god oh my god he's gonna call this
our chance
I'll run Willie on run Willie on run you
know what boom okay please pick a winner
cuz that was shocking if it wasn't a it
is a corner it's a corner I've placed it
further out bring your keeper it's a
bribe
wait wait get there get it girl okay
what the Frick is going up what is going
on please that's it that's it that's
game that done beat on it we've won the
first game for like I don't know the
first time in like 20 episodes or
something and it was deserved he had one
shot in the whole game we just put me in
a ridiculous position okay because that
means I literally need two points in two
games as long as I don't lose I stay in
the division there's only one fever this
is the Syria team let's go can I be
untouchable FC he has eight that is
actually a really good theme it may not
be stats wise but that is the sweaty
team if I can win this game I stay in
the division and next episode I will
start fresh I'll see the citizen
what the hell am i doing across that go
on cross that and then wind up fool okay
no well not turn out Ashley on the left
thank you thank you pass in I'm fine
how is he saving these okay so I've
already known how this guy plays it's
just literally run as fast as you
frickin can and it might work but that
also means you probably can't defend
which if it's anything to go with by
this little attack it might actually be
true come on we can do this we can do
this I just need like I feel like I can
definitely win this game probably means
I can't because that's how it normally
goes if a minim in a free-kick works now
then this is this is my time to win this
is my time in this mud
okay a Barbeau Boston a Baba's Boston Oh
service so I just scored us two nil we
stay in this episode come on cash League
come on Wes okay this is no one in there
there's actually no one in or is there
there's a wondered what know where spy
school time and not sure how this is
working not sure how this is working
brought up no wait just like it is that
it's better than laugh I think it might
be you know oh please don't blow the
whistle now please don't blow the
whistle now okay no not lag either not
lag either positive positive positive
hop in wait
we'll sit oh no wait that's right beep
no that's it that's that's gonna be it
let's hop
I think that is to nil at halftime this
is to remain in the division and it's
deserved again Oh tell us no no no no no
I actually had a chance there if I can
go three nil up that is that's that's
pretty much game over no no no that is
not good clearance it's not I gotta
clear it oh my god no conquer that's not
this there's no one there
there's no one there there's pasta
course one more the Dow oh okay that's a
dummy for luck oh that's a nice little
dummy I've been working on that on the
training ground you know casually brings
on voice and bail as you do does it even
matter though because of the doubt Oh
water the Dow is a wonder strike you
know what the hell what that where did
my defense just know that's a girl
no that's to one and he's gonna come
back now I just gotta hope he's not some
frickin whiz kid at free kicks please
that was way too place
there's
this is the moment yes come on time boys
no I don't want that I don't want that
freak okay I do want the freaking time
safe
oh my god oh my god it's actually just
gonna want it I actually might be able
to get another goal
I actually actually I think run me run
run pass pass and there's another go I
don't care how sweaty I am okay if I can
get a goal I will take it there it is oh
my god I'm so happy we've done it labs
and staining division and got another
seven and a half thousand points which
means we have division one all over
again we have fourteen thousand coins
it's up to you who I buy I'm so happy we
remain in Division one that's all today
thank you guys for watching and see you
play a rebel over me no yes yes yes yes
well he's on he's on oh my god all my
days out of that part actually made her
through I don't even care just I'm so
happy I've scored a go I'm pausing their
paws on the edge
wait wait turn out come on e come on I
just got a vegetable because they did
that oh no its 45th minute
its 45th freakin minute and now please
please don't do
