what's up guys welcome to the top kick
challenge I did this last year but they
are back and the app is looking fresher
Ethan has sent me a little challenge so
we're gonna be playing a game today what
we have to do is open one BPL base pack
which includes five cards then one
Bundesliga base pack which includes five
players then we got you the best player
of each pack put them into a team of the
formation of the other person's choice
he chose the four one four one then we
have 500,000 coins to build the rest of
the team and we got build like a nice
hybrid then we're gonna play each other
and the loser has to discard all the
players if you don't know what tops kick
is basically it's like fancy football
meets the sticker book collection you
basically open packs get players put
them into your team and then those
players actually work with real life
fantasy football so I am gonna be
opening the first BPL base pack which is
five cards we don't know how good they
are so they could be terrible players
but I have to choose the best one first
pack here we go come on just give me one
good player oh I can open it right boom
boom okay I know I don't want to use no
oh oh oh dear okay so this was an
absolutely shocking pack I think I'm
gonna have to go with Joel ward
hi so Joe Ward is the first player in my
team and I'm gonna have to build a
hybrid so I've realistically owned it
she's like a right-sided Bundesliga
player so we move on to the Bundesliga
base pack I pray that I get someone
better than this here we go this is it
the Bundesliga pack I get boot please
just someone I know okay I read I know I
know him okay oh okay yeah Oh Shinji
okay okay I think I may have to go with
Shinji or mattang you know what I'm
gonna go with Kagawa okay we're gonna
take care one put him as the cam we may
have to move and back him to the
sentiment but it should work right so
now that's done if you want to check
tops kick out in the description I'll
leave a link to it there but now I'm
gonna build my team and then show you
what I've done alright so the team I
have built with my money
is this the hybrid between BPL and
Bundesliga Kagawa and water my players
as about two subs who are low and aus
key and record breaker man a poor
manager got 99
it's alright teams all right I'm glad
I'm kind of happy with it but at the
same time not that but now we got a play
even we've got see how he does I chose
the formation for two to two because I
hate that big hoping he doesn't like
that formation but we'll see now and now
we see his team rags to riches our theme
is okay a weapon Oya and de bruyne I
think his players must have been Carrick
and okay okay no he's got that left
forward that is definitely one of the
players right even good luck mate I know
we've played a few times in the past and
it's always pretty equal so yeah okay
let's just let's the slow let's just
slow down slow slow down oh my god he
scored haha yeah that's the guy he got
as well that is definitely the guy you
got now we need to get some passing
movement that's not okay that kind of
work there you go they go they go ba-bye
no wow that's a lot closer than I
thought
Philipp Lahm on the corner for some
reason there's a bull ah boy a
man
aye-aye-aye Fleming wait no oh goodness
no ma why did you spend all the coins
llinois looking hey the great save mate
problem is decent always pulls it back
against me it's never like it's never
just it's never just done come on good
good
come on a par me hang look at the pace
look at a place no the ball
oh wait wait oh good thirty I know you
didn't let that one in oh no oh no oh no
mud oh is that corner corner it's a goal
kick that was just the terrible shot I'm
being resilient in my defense come on
let's go let's just go long run run
where's the where's the run where's the
help where's the support okay they go
seen you in there I've seen you in that
I sit no really - you really it might
have to be a slough and Dow ski thing
soon Oh No okay now he's starting to I
know you're gonna you get old oh oh oh
my okay yeah yeah you scared me there
either
you scared me there definitely
definitely scared me all right he's
weakened defending he's weak with the
fence he's weak with the fence okay
there you go
Oh Oh No that was gonna be a no those
gonna be a chop oh oh oh oh and then
what is that man in the mat-su bony with
two goals as gonna thing more force
Lewandowski come on lads just make it to
halftime make it I'll sign without
conceding a goal and oh oh oh no are you
serious
look at this bone weights a bow okay I'm
trying to ship right now cuz that's
that's kind of just me over
let's go let's go last chance last
chance ople it no that was the chance
was just about to play that through that
should be the game Oh unless that you've
seen him see him going to touch to get
such ticket touch and then know the way
Oh No okay I'm not actually sure I
deserve to be winning it I really
thought I did well why shoot if you're
not going to score huh okay second half
let's just stop him now ah ah fine okay
Noah is absolutely shocking this I got
the chops again I got the charts run up
still run what oh oh
ref ref ref come on Manny maybe skip
would come on men come on come on would
know what a prick you should have got
him in goal me you should what I get
lawyers
who would have freaking thought that
right now that oh my god no no no no to
live it up okay something is wrong with
goalie something is truly wrong with
goalies in this game oh I'm swaying I'm
swaying this is tight this is a really
really tight game I really sleepy
what the is going on I told you he
always just comes back
that's how Ethan does again questionable
goalkeeping I know it was powerful but
it was also just here I may have messed
up with the formation here because he's
actually like using it well we're Barney
what the Frick is our runner by me yang
run you have pace if you get caught by
vomiting okay yeah there you go running
rings around inmate and the troubles up
boom oh please please be on please
please be on he missed anyway hit post
but that was tight decision from tanks I
know you think I'm doing that and there
we go there's
there's the pool look at that then and
then you double tap that and that these
crossings are absolutely horrific I know
that he is going to score a last-minute
goal I know it because it's Ethan okay
this is it this is it
this is actually it this is what happens
look look look look look look it's
happening so okay maybe not you know
there you go oh oh okay
all right there you go there you go
think I blended oh one in an idea now my
god falling with that drink okay I'm
sorry I know I said Ethan was gonna do
it but I've done it I've been a prick
I'm school a 95th minute goal now just
defend this no no okay go on kids keep
stick stick okay that's it done it's
done I won that means that Ethan has to
go discard his whole team that he has
including that piece of no you and
I have beats it even in the tops kick
challenge if there's anyone you want me
to take on next let me know in the
comments below
be sure to check out the app is actually
really good thank you guys for watching
I'm so happy right now
and see you Oh inform ready Boubacar 25k
260k oh yeah that's the 25k player and
special Club kicked off in one one line
so that a bear luck right there I'm not
looking for three board players or the
color in the name well that means you
get another 25k pack as well I get two
because they've got two checked up for
that one oh my
