what's up everybody and welcome to
something a little bit different today I
am joined with cap gun Tom Tom what's up
hi everybody today we're playing Fifa
bingo tom is the inventor of this and if
you haven't seen it go check it out on
his channel which you can find a link to
in the description below after this
we're gonna do a rematch on his channel
as well which you can find in the
description as well so we have 25
minutes to just constantly open packs
and we have to get these things firstly
an 86 rated player or above a player
that's worth 25k or more special cards
that's pretty much just an in-form at
the moment three females which are
basically me coaches a bad pack which is
any pack that doesn't have anyone over
75 rated three players of constrictive
same letters in their name so that's
like Gerrard with two hours in the
middle a color in their name or a shades
like black silver white red anything
like that three board players and a
Premiership stadium as I said it we're
gonna have 25 minutes to pack all of
that whoever packs the most out of those
wins if you get better yet to get rid of
one of the other persons that they've
already got we're playing for a player
that's worth between 500 thousand coins
and a million we're gonna choose that
afterwards based on a random search on
the transfer market that's about it so
tom should we get into this I'm ready to
go I am excited for this one three two
one
yo right seven-and-a-half k-pax also if
you get one of these you get to open a
25k pack why am I taking my time what am
i doing right no no I know I won't
remember what's on your checklist I know
I hope with a lap nah that's not really
on a little honor that's my first one is
the consecutive no I got one okay that
okay you got to put it on the transfer
list right yeah of course
okay I've seen cases any debates at the
end see I've never actually played this
Tom as a master of this oh there's one
there's one for the transfer list
okay Williams that's an easy transfer
list as I am Barnett one pack that one's
done Wow Jesus I can't a go that's good
an iguana so that one was the easy one
that was the easy way that's the throw
away it's going to get 25k pack on whoo
oh yeah that means we get a 25k pie
that's why I did it you know
a good start but 25 to part o88 van
Persie that's the 86 raise how is this
just happened my best player in that
attack was 80 rated oh wait how much
vampires he's not going to go for
anything is it nice anyone like 6 or 7 K
I'm looking you know what we've got a
good chance for this though anyone else
no special card I'm trying to like I
can't remember this but I can't remember
it is going to get easier promises as we
get a couple doctor you'd only be less
observes a few more Oh inform ready
Boubacar 25k to 60k
oh yeah that's for 25k player and
special Club kicked off in one-on-one so
that yeah their luck right there I'm not
looking for three board players or the
color in the name well that means you
get another 25k pack as well I get to
because it got too checked off with that
one oh my gay no this isn't buys that
bull by the way board has to be like
shiny head board like that is involved
here's a tiny bit of stubble of bass
board that's one look at the mind
thinking why have you got so much hair
all of them have got too much hair for
me wasn't this one big player come on I
don't know this guy's got like the fair
like the wisps on his head hello if i
can count it believe it we'll leave it
move on am I not looking for colors and
names you looking for women no whatever
on you boys gotta be on the prowl yah
yah he's not bald is he it's a little
bit Oh Stephen Ireland the forest man
it's got a great beard as well which is
crazy considering right one down alone
come on no no premier league stadium
let's just don't know what la I can only
focus on one or two at a time
yeah I reckon I never open room premier
league stadium st. James's Park I'll say
wait is round now around us is a bald I
just realized I never opened my 25k pack
for the 25k Packers got van persie Oh
so another one right 25k rate player or
a special guard now
things a woman it's 5% upper body would
you say it's the first woman you've seen
I don't know if you're pairing with you
know what I like that it's just it's
just three women in the game yeah see it
doesn't have to be like head coaches or
anything you know it just has to be
three women I think that amaura
backgrounds I'm not really sure I'm
gonna put him on the transportation I
can't find better than a work detail the
thing is I know that people in the
comments just feel like you missed this
and it's like I'm sorry I'm so sorry
really try I'm sort of like that get it
moment yes I haven't even seen a woman
honestly I've never got I've never gone
this long without seeing a woman he's
pretty bald cab or a that's alright I'll
put them on our bums gonna do a half I'm
gonna do a howl until half and if I
can't find oh I'll find another one girl
will be up for debate
yeah dude Bradley bold forward as they
come I'll take that that's two and a
half ah ah why are there no colors and
names yeah if you get to yoga silver
yeah you're pretty much done but he's
not worth twenty five kilo easy I think
you might actually I don't need a twenty
photo for there anymore
oh yeah you got yeah
go color somewhere van persie your
eighty-eight boy what my pussy's
eighth year he for us yeah so how many
of you you've got to at the moment one
two three or five so far you've got five
I've got two yeah I got the 86 25k plus
I've got a special card three
consecutive letters and a premier league
stadium I just got two coaches that I
don't know if they're women
they look like women oh pretty certain
they're men come on
oh no a bad pack the bad path you've got
that I haven't even been looking for a
body
I got a CCA rated at 75 rated called
Kuzmanovic and a brainiac as well 375
right slow Oh 75 76 and 77 and I'm gonna
I'm gonna put that in next time I ever
play there's like somebody at three
consecutive numbers awesome I just got T
Lee as well who's a lovely looking
Chinese oh that's another woman a woman
a fighter you Shepherd keepin an eye on
like the time of my recording so I know
roughly how long I have
oh I just got Royce Lou I've got some
fair Pat luck today
he's extinct as well he doesn't do
anything he does nothing for me but it's
always nice to get a release he can't
appear but as long as you know I'm happy
as long as it does nothing for you it's
just more stuff that's on my trade pole
potentially discard at the end isn't it
so I'm actually just point hey myself
come on give me huh
give me another ball player el
Libertador definitely no no hello a new
woman yeah you're a woman to women haha
the value have to ask if they're a woman
I think that there's very few women on
this game that you don't have to ask
that question for us to there's one that
looks like a man to Holden spin oh yeah
I know
I got 15 minutes and motoring through
this oh wait is up
that wasn't a woman was it ah he's just
a very feminine looking man this is
another one
he's another stubbly hair not stopping
yes 375 red places that unless there's a
duplicate
that's not he's a rare 75 but they're
all 75 accounts right yeah it does
indeed count whoa
okay 75 Capac on the girls Oh 25k Plus
player up no none
is there even a bald player come on what
no please
but there's not even a full player not
even if there's even a color in here
either
I've got I've got a player whose goals
why would I care about having a fail at
all woman's name
got Rudy Rudy and field and field that's
the stadium they go okay we can shoot me
now I've done four and I need one more
woman please can I get 25 Hey layout or
special got no come on oh I'm just a
board player just a board player no no
no no no no no no the colors gonna be
the hard one I think the color is gonna
be very hard I think it's really easy to
think of all the players that have
colors in their names but to get them is
really just yeah it is I didn't think it
would be that hard to just give me an
inform that a good inform and that's -
done I've just got my third woman
crossing it off oh yes Thompson balls
and you've done six yeah oh no it's
actually done seven what oh boy Oh what
okay now I need to step my game up I
don't know how really Cavallaro he's
bored as they come there's another one
checked off so you're on drew oh please
I just need one more color in their name
and then I'm a time are you serious what
our player called Baldy yeah he had her
we see you only have one more thing to
get another color Ashley one more thing
to get that's be kind of odd is Kabul
bald he's not a Z it's a little bit
stubble yeah he's got this stubble we
talked about that earlier oh we did
dammit I'm literally one letter off
getting a colored every
took out the eye with damn him all right
no no no what might even look like is a
special car basically a woman color or
balls that's it that's all that's what I
need so then get like a inform I got a
bed now
oh you've got the vent no phone so I am
gonna make you get rid of a special card
oh no you do that one I should have done
it 24 ok+ realistically no I think that
the special cards probably more
difficult why would you do that's just
not sorry ma'am listen isn't that is
there a color called Topol I know that's
really weird
I'm pretty sure there is I think it's
Pope Oh No look it up academically
Topol color stubble on his head hope has
no I was they really hopeful that one
right okay
back to getting that special card or
bent upon that the great oh you get that
I don't even want to know what you're
gonna make me get it actually haven't
really got anything that's like too good
we must doesn't have that much that long
left
we call these bullets ah yeah he's yeah
he's bald I can see those 25 k-pax they
like if you open us you'll get a special
glioma I'm not allowed to open it I know
this is there like I just papa
how much does populate isn't go for much
to see you guys I might go flying 1313
ah oh wait is that that's a woman that's
three women done whoa all right that's a
25k height here we go
please can I get a special card or a 25k
player you're taking a piss yeah Ben
offer Wow Ben frickin alpha and there's
not even a super color green yes blame
are you cover up a green no way you know
it most difficult finger me until I
check please pull my toes which means I
get another 25 Cape at any ball players
I got a look out that green now I need
to look out that green alright so I get
another one if I can get a special card
here blue these packs ah I just got to
pile as well I'm will cost nepal are you
talking about you just got green in one
of those 25k packs where you place your
own but a wall cause my best player how
long do we have left we have eight
minutes and forty seconds
eight minutes eight minutes I actually
think that this is like achievable I
think like if I get that special card I
think I can do this
but the colors the ones of you yeah I
know now that you said green though I'm
staying paint they're paying special
attention to try again wait so you need
a special card and Batman hi this is
where it just goes into like hardcore
pack opening it hi oh I probably still
struggle with that bald one I know but I
need like a solid board player you know
yeah you need what I can't you can't end
it with like a questionable one I've got
to slow down I've gotta get up for K
unlock I'll be wrong to discard four
thousand coins for no reason
oh yes yes yes jewels publishers ago for
how much does it go for oh she's good
wait how do you judge the 25k right
there any on the market we've let's
compare price open this mint is less
than 25 in this bin is like 34 40 45 45
32 37 38 27
oh it's 25 25 no I've seen a 25 I
haven't seen below that his start price
has been 24 loads
oh I don't know I haven't seen it I
haven't seen one below love you you
created the game it's your choice I'm
gonna I think I found a 23 off I'm 123
okay 10 there you go oh that's so that's
not 25k ah it's a special cover I just
need two things now for one board player
and a 25k and I get 25 go
2015 pack please give me at least a ball
player No
oh no no I'm having some serious issues
here with this color player please
we sound really racist I know we did a
third player because no colors in this
part go an interesting one for you
hasn't come up yet but if I get Rojo
does that count RC this is for infer for
red
I think Rojo is the only name will allow
okay
another mode just got green yes yes na
obon is not even bald as he's got
stubble he's good wait so you literally
just need a special card I need a
special code I would have bingo do one
for you Steve bender
okay back to seven point five you're
gonna get that special card to win this
for minutes Theo can I just have a
ballplayer blues I've got like I've got
two and then I got a half form which I'm
not really sure about so I'm not
counting it let's go
all right I can feel that you're gonna
get it it's just I you know how you know
how you when you go to Nando's you
really want the black card I feel
exactly the same as when I go to Nando's
right now really want the black card
let's go as a player coming in the next
pack got one minute 20 seconds one
minute 20 seconds all right I need to go
ham come on come on come on No if I
place is ready yes right up yes
oh no mrs. boot where's the pen I don't
know where the pen is I don't even care
I've got it like that does he Z's in all
right Sammy's that if I get 25k player
now in my 25k pack this could be it
this could be it Mercer oh one matter
isn't worth that much Lee no oh no I
don't think I'm gonna get it how many do
you need
I leave she just need a 25k player are
we coming in to the end tied up here we
are
oh my god I know seconds to break the
tie or go to a tiebreaker for seconds
come on I just need like just give me a
messy and I'll do uh you know I'll
happily accept a messy why am I still
looking through I only need to see the
first few players how long we got you
got 23 seconds okay
no one there I just got another ball
player oh you mean players not a single
rare one
give me a countdown nine eight seven
I'm gonna go say hi to my last pack for
me here alright last play one please if
it flashes up with like a Ronaldo
emotion I measure the seat okay the
scenes if can you imagine the finale of
that it actually happened
those opposed does it right so we have
gone into overtime and that means we
need to decide on saying we have come up
with 3000 coins in coins in packs if
that makes any sense
first one to pack three thousands worth
of coins wins so we're just gonna go
into the first person gets it the first
person to get 2000 coins wins and that's
it so are you ready tom yes alright
three two one go alright 3,000 points
3000 coin let's go for a for that oh oh
god frickin God doesn't I got a free
pack I thought it was a 4000 coin unlock
I just got a thousand in the first one
oh come on give me two knives and coins
a little rope please scroll ok nothing
next one let's go come on two more two
more of those and that's it done
tomorrow those and I'm done I'll see it
oh okay
imagine if I get if you get an informed
now oh I just won't be happy if I get
Benton now I'm gonna discard and fast
and he can imagine I'm getting women all
over the shop now as well he's cost me
so much
that's the thing next three days enjoy
perhaps you're just literally gonna see
everything that you needed I just got a
thousand oh no way oh yeah I'm on a
thousand I'm dead at war here give me
four thousand coins worth a lot you want
bellies please one more thousand and I'm
done one more come on bubblegum it no it
just actually needs it's one thousand
coins it's not even much just one one
just I need like three of them oh and
now EA troll me with the slow updating
of the store see how it is there on my
side literally I think I've got to in
like four packs and now I can't get
another one I'm just getting balls look
speak yourself haven't had a single
freaky one the first one I get out that
will be a silver 500 coin unlock I still
write I started like surrounded by women
now I'm just getting swarmed by balls
help the times have changed it's going
fast boys just even just a thousand a
thousand a thousand just for the
thousand i feel quite like comfortable
right now because yeah well you just
need one one thousand you could get four
thousand why don't you get a four
thousand that's it it's done
oh come on god you're gay pee ginger
hair surely you've punished thousand
coins hey how you have two Scrolls at
the end if it was the first card it
would really care no just feels like you
guys how much slower yeah okay there's
something at the end
I see Uruguay homekit is unbelievable I
don't get it like what try run Oh 500
coins he's off the mark
see it's a 500 ago so much I had five
and they're like the cheer I just
thought oh no I'm pretty certain I
played Oh
done no it's done
no is done no there's two board players
oh ah first timer comes on and III my
game I'm so happy with that you know
that bender man that would know
anyone who says bender is a legend it's
just black I think I've just proven it
at the start he was like maybe won't do
that role so should I start off with the
transfer nice discolor yeah I'll just go
right Cesc fàbregas not too painful
kotero the five-star scale Oh goodbye
Marco Roy's not pleasant discarding here
and I see you left Abu Bakar in form
that's not a great one so you got to
choose a page choose a number along and
then you've got go to find that player
and discard it whatever is it could be
worth 500k the qoodles have you are
familiar I don't want to be responsible
for this so I'd like you to choose the
number in the pain I want you to choose
page 7 p7 number 7
that's a lucky number so hopefully I
said I'm number 1 303 or I sit
is page seven one two three oh five six
seven oh it's Tevez 600,000 coins
ah you got quite lightly I got awful
right but still gets kinda system
playing 600 k's worth of players just a
discard so wrong I wouldn't know ma'am
Alan yeah I don't lose it it's nothing
like that nothing like a good winner you
know right cheerio turbos peace out
oh it is done okay so that is FIFA bingo
we also again record a rematch on Tom's
channel which as I said you can check
out in the description while you're
there be sure to subscribe that is all
for today thank you Tom for playing and
also showing me the game I was so much
fun go again sometime if you want thank
you guys for watching and sue the loser
will have to upload a video in the next
couple of days of them eating the chili
and yeah it's hotter than a ghost
chilies that's all you need to know we
need to know the loser will also have to
discard any players they get they're
worth keeping throughout the game and a
new rule is if you get a been net in
your pack the other person has to move
back five spaces also known as the
Bendtner bomb and inform also gets you
an extra three on to the second number
of the card and that is how many places
