okay hmm c418
I don't know how this is I don't know
whether I'm in sync
I'm gonna go left left left I'll get a
message if I'm not in sync but we'll
find out soon won't we all right I'm
just gonna open packs with 70,000 beef
points on right now and yeah I don't
know how you tell if it's a rare anymore
yeah I have no idea but
sweet
okay
I'm quick selling everything guys I know
I shouldn't be but I am because I just
want as many coins and players and
paksas and everything as possible
I just see through card
I did right okay
now that now that I'm like I'm ready now
so how do I know if this is how do I
know if it's an inform any more like a
good player cow I mean you know what
these some of these don't suck
Wow well I just read someone in chat say
songs fuck it Bobby I'm no thief 18 guys
yeah as I said I don't think I'm gonna
be playing this game much if I'm if I'm
completely honest I've literally just
opened this account so yeah we have
70,000 beef points that look like a rare
no it was a rare
yeah let's play a little slower good so
far hmm I'm just taking English players
right now because that's what my team is
I don't know why okay after this we're
going on to the gold packs and then we
have 70,000 fifa points
ah yeah I don't think I'm gonna be doing
hunting we will go this year and if I do
I don't know I'll have to change out
yeah I don't know I'm just I haven't I
haven't enjoyed FIFA for it for those
apples I kind of just want to get good
players that's all I really want to do
in this game that's why I'm just quick
selling everything killer Flynn what up
wow that went why did I go warming a
gyro
how do I see this oh it's here my hogs
I summon and there's no much quality
vids thank you very much and king of
Flynn you're awesome my real name is
Declan by the way sup Declan there
alright we're gonna bang through all of
these fifa points today
okay so we're gonna be here for a while
but we're gonna get we're gonna get
someone good Oh first rare for a while
lemme laughs okay right Francis hashtag
team school scoop the tingle school ooh
as awful fuck it we can with the amount
of players we're gonna get we're gonna
build a BPL team or whoever that
actually the first player we get that's
good will be a build a team with them
nope not rare well this is this is
thrilling this is truly thrilling
Kevin Novak hi Simon hope you get
Ronaldo so do I so if you guys remember
last year I streamed as soon as FIFA 17
came out and a rare we get a rare Blair
oh yeah I streamed straight away and I
got lose I get I got legend
I got legend I'm a third pack that damn
Amash the tingle school give you a new
look
thank you and Simba thanks for the new
sponsor Alexandria Hargrove's love you
have something very much howdini gaming
Inc whitey support leads you should
support scarper town no one should
support Scarborough town even not even
people that play for Scarborough town I
support leagues because my family's from
Leeds right Francis Simon you are my dad
and probably not oh gods really small
flare though
Smalling okay we'll take you in English
and ppl all right Chad Pierce and his
trick to a billboard walkout is that
there is a glow on the side of the car
dropping down what laughs okay that was
a big flare whoo why why
Stephanie sup Simon how you doing I'm
good although I can tell I'm going to
literally have spent seventy thousand
feet points and get no one so I'm a
little bit a little bit annoying but you
know can't complain like glad you're
glad that fled flares with us
what's a walkout wait no does that no it
wasn't no it's not okay I'm getting used
to it I don't know we got a salad oh
that looks like a dick
I don't know how do you get water like
how do you know to walk out lacking past
there's a glow on the side when you open
the pack yes there is but that's a
billboard how do I know if it's a walk
out that's that's the real question and
I know it's a walk out we know now
that's a big pause that was a big pause
there's a little see there's a glare on
that okay Kevin
why is Debbie's chin dislocated I don't
know maybe yank a Santa's face t1 Sam
Dukes new sponsor thank you very much
Roland Ian Arden thank you very much oh
my god these packs come on we got summer
that's a glare oh oh oh
see how do I know that how do I know
like what made that different - Salim
it's all I'm saying that's all I want to
know skill glitch in HD shoutout
what's up Fernando Torres and nope sorry
I'm just building a ppl team right now I
see what I see
I summon our druvan outer yesterday on
my channel also please do something
around the Brazilian Ronaldo I don't
know if I'm gonna be doing a series this
year guys come on oh oh how do I know
Sam Lawson what she says 2013 still
having your bids you should do some of
the stuff aj three dozen 50 new video
ideas please stream journey if i do the
journey or anything like that then yeah
I will probably stream it you know how
watch people stream this game right they
always like they always take ages to
open packs and I don't get how I like I
I guess they're doing it cuz it costs a
lot of money realistically but I get too
bored I'm literally like look bang next
pack tricks your channel hi hi come on
that's not a flash come on man doo doo
doo doo doo
okay another thousand coins I don't have
like I'm gonna have like 5 min 2000
coins by the end of this okay Kevin
Novak follow me on this stuff I'll check
it out after I'll do an 8 no look nexpaq
sam dealt with some from hems didn't you
with a shout out Hamill I'm from Hamill
that's all fall okay
no look discard pack how about that yeah
we could thank him
I know licked a scar pack will just be
the one that I actually get something
good in it didn't work I took too long
it didn't work Steven Thomas can you say
my name chef dad I just did soup chair
jeez what's your favorite Eminem song
all of them Eminem's the go-lucky part
there's a flash of the stadium for a
walkout is there why I mean had once I
would know
Gordon Lee gaming Inc Simon's goober
town Deji suppose leads think what
you're speaking in riddles I don't get
what you're talking about
speak English
come on Oh
Oh Stadium flash the English rapid
lalana no odds we get the Ox okay we're
getting English BPL players that's what
that's what we're building
we're building an English ppl team I
don't know why I just thought why not
you know doo doo doo come on yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah
German left-wing and no walk out just
billboard but billboard player
nonetheless another good one mini bow
for yo something keep up with good work
thank you very much we take drexler take
our thousand coins and we get rid of the
rest
becoming eat look how many points we
still have left I've literally done like
nothing I've done nothing so far
oh oh that was a big flare no
oh fuck isn't door 78 I don't make any
sense to me
oh boo doo doo come on
see that I'm not seeing the flare I'm
not seeing flash or anything like that
and it flashes the stadium on a walkout
okay we're gonna get a walkout we have
so many so many frickin points to spend
the pause I don't know if I suppose
anymore does it
no there's no that's a flash Amy or last
minute listen
it's it's an 83 plus if the side of the
card is shining when it turns okay I'm
gonna be looking really carefully now
Mattie hogs hi again it's me thought I'd
donate more oh thank you you really
don't have to but okay I'm looking side
of the card didn't flash okay I'm
learning I'm laughs but how do I know if
it's a walkout someone told me that
that's what I need to know side of the
card didn't turn it didn't
I'm not gonna see one enmi Steven
Jefferies what's up
come on give me something I want to
celebrate
there was no glow though that moves so
quick but there was no flash English
remedy suck yourself so just just move
keep movin keep movin
no I'm not even looking Alex
we don't want ox I'm really trying to
focus on this guy's I don't see it okay
there's no way that's not an 83 them
back Everson Jagielka no Keene 983 only
gave me ink just saying think about my
team Scarborough town no and I want to
no one should think about them lacking
parts during the black screen that there
is a quick stadium all okay so during
that one okay so it's not walk out okay
didn't see a flash all right I'm
learning learning
okay I'm gonna get no stadium no flash
please Lily Russian X the release your
diss track on Spotify I can't because
it's not my beat I don't know the beat
forward so far Simon give me a shower
you changed my life with your content
keep up the amazing work man shoutout to
you
come on I wasn't looking
was it a walkout maybe as a walkout I
don't know it's not a walkout it's van
Aanholt let's not screw actually right
back
English BPO he's English but no mr.
brands thank you very much also no book
what's up 25,000 people in here right
now
oh those look let doesn't flash 83 red
83 red billboard boom
Kadir rock okay well say again we'll
take him ok I see it now I see it I see
it
Malaysia ok give my boyfriend a shout
out chairs what's up oh yeah two evils
I'll take that in these we're doing
alright but we ever do anything we
haven't got anything that good nope
didn't flash we're in again 483 s now
guys it's all we're going for 66,000
fifa points remaining flash i want to
see a flash didn't go thing loads it's
the normal card nor we've got Harry Todd
do you Anna Simon wants some fake taxi
stickers sure send em to my P o box
English ppl sure
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo you do
then flash this is easy the NOI I really
I wish they didn't put on because it
would make everyone sit through although
they just want people to buy their packs
that's always I would sit through this
right I'd sit through every pack if I if
I didn't know like if there was no tell
if it was a walkout
I think I'd sit through every single one
even sykes I mean you're a good guy keep
it up what the screen moved filled up
alot there at the side man thank you
very much sat Dilts do some more Simon
hands leak Shore it's streaming gonna be
a regular thing for you know this is
probably the only one I'm gonna do like
this year unless I do want for like Tim
the season two the year mr. prams I beg
you do hunting we will go to we need it
I just I just can't see myself doing it
this year
AJ zombie two pounds Hey just wanted to
say that hey Rohan Yan Arden
thank you very much again Craig Bowman
yes I'm a police features under
cartridges fight look at me do you think
I should fight I was not made for
fighting I was not made for much but I
made the best out of a bad situation
like who would I fight the only people
that like I think me me and a fair fight
would be like burn chip realistically
Oh flash a three English striker
tottenham we get hurricane walkout I
didn't see the flash I didn't see the
flash is that does it like I know he's
fucking huge mate what the fuck
mad kitsune how the PAX get very if I'm
open impacts but we just got walk out we
get Harry Kane I want to I want to see
this I didn't even realize mad what that
chat chad Pearson I'll fight you no
thanks
I appreciate the offer okay and put him
into our team you see what what English
players have I got now me I'm just
stopping for like two seconds I don't do
this I don't really know and I really
have to do this have to do this I don't
have to make myself fullscreen while I
do this sure let's go with this one
why I'm having to do this now there we
go alright now we can go back right
squad active squad
SWAT player okay we don't have an
English goalie yet okay send it back
English Smalling boom and shade you keen
you alright what pop greater than FIFA
make it happen Simon from ninja ninjas
use I haven't played before
xenia talk some tubulin eat no never
ever
Holden he gave me ink I'll fight you in
the name of Scarborough town okay well
no actually no I take that back I'm not
fighting anyone well it's not bad fight
dizzy you definitely beat him I reckon I
know dead geez don't you small but he's
a little he's a little warrior Joe vodka
give Jake a shout-out please big fan
sure so what's up what well I'm just
okay I know I'm doing I'm just I'm just
putting anyone AB Zakia yes thank you a
much pikey thank you very much and in
god no wait no what swap anyone there
Oh bad man Cain what's up it came all
the taps cane Delft Delft cane by he's
not English we don't have an English
okay we need the English left back we
can put Klein in boom look at that team
already see this is why I don't like
fever anymore
I've been playing what I've opened 5k
beef points and I'm already good that's
dumb
all right back into the packs flash nope
no flash no flash no flash
zom no flash so oh okay he could be the
new replacement due to Stadium I want to
see the stadium I can't believe I didn't
see it I finally got a walk-on I didn't
see it okay what's up ah pikey odds on
you RKO in CSG out of nowhere I'd have
to see him first and I don't plan on
doing that anytime come on give me
something give me another give me good
player I feel like I feel like at some
point like in like the 40k area I feel
like I'm gonna get someone really good
Oh flash eighty-three billboard Croatia
Mandzukic Mandzukic my dad 83 he's my
dad effective you engaged in there
nearly rush the next shout out the Vic's
basement squad group chat we love you
that's odd
okay Jack Glover I thought I would put
some money singing it's my birthday
happy birthday jack have you having a
good day Thompson Johnson just add the
stadium flashes for a second if walk out
before pack drops yeah but I only got
one walk out and I didn't see it because
I wasn't looking I look I looked over
there for a second
no flash
ah so Barcelona and go excited doom
no flash
just a bit annoying in it like you know
that it's not anything that good spent
office all right but good is it Z breath
wait hi seven how are you I'm good thank
you how are you
Sophie Rose I'm supposed to be at work
but I ended up here in lovely video
Simon amazing thank you very much
thank you for being here instead of work
flash nope
and it's not 83 are all above I don't
want to see it I want to get light week
we're going through all of these points
come on Smosh
Lenny vines can you follow my friend on
Instagram I can check them out I can't
promise anything
okey Oh rain in threes rain in three two
three
hi from Australia 3:30 a.m. go to bed
also the tingles good Papa wait since
when did you start streaming mate and
when when he died near blue anyways love
you I'll tell you my favorite Simon I
love you thank you very much I only
started streaming like and now 24
minutes ago and I'm not gonna stream
much else a pop I'm not gonna be like
streaming a lot so yeah just just to
warn you
yeah but yeah my hair blue I'm gonna dye
my hair blue probably New Year's I know
maybe I'll get for Christmas then Brown
love each and I'll keep up the work
thanks Ben
and Ryan for the win will you be doing a
series on the journey no the journey got
so boring like I started it last year
and after like the first training
session I was like what is it about what
am i doing
Oh
Oh doom ding ding come on come on give
me something good
Lima coulis would you do a PES series
instead probably not a series I want to
I want to try and I need those
I want to try and do like more like
bigger videos instead of like it's just
a series they set the same set out every
time it's like much bigger flash
epigenome 13 was great meeting you a
mini bog squatter upload you to bomb
legal ah give me something good man I'm
getting bored of rubbish packs
flash
this is this is why this is gonna be my
only pack opening for a long time maybe
I might not even do 70kph points if I'm
honest I probably will miss them
yeah ladies man I love you did Simon
give Archie shoutouts up Archie I wasn't
watching it's not built what is it nope
lit Steiner how long is it that he's
always been so average eight Toby Rhea's
Chowdhury hey hey dude grew up to k17 do
you watch david dobrik if so who's your
fav I do probably
David Eliza I like all of them actually
Zane the Heath all of them no jokes
Toby what's up hello hello how you doing
nope Ross Bedford big Akbar me army
rated threes to three you don't have to
follow to DM but that's true
doo-doo-doo-doo yeah come on give me at
least a III I haven't seen anyone right
haven't seen a single player I dated the
flashes on e4
come on man I'm getting told that I need
to go do exercise my Fitbit like that's
all I want to hear I want to sit here
and do nothing
one or nothing I want to see here in
open packs why man
my own mail men hi you're the best thank
you so you
larysa what's up
no not coins what is this Nathan de
fiesta hey Simon oh you having a good
day I'll play with you and the rest of
the guys in the GTA vids is really fun
plays man thank you very much as well Oh
Stephen Jeffries thank you very much
legend come on flash nope yeah we go
we're gonna go bang through these the
tingles good right what up Toby also
Joella is a waste man I mean I have no
issue with Joella he's a nice guy
obviously I want JJ to win before people
start getting angry I'm just saying I
have no issue with him I didn't look
there's no flash
myth myth where are the flashes show me
a flash please Giroud I'm just weird I
haven't seen one yet
hey even I got cane haven't seen it I
stopped watching so now I have to see in
supercar nation Simon we come for the
list of e leads game if I send you the
tickets 24th of October I don't even
know if I'm here that point and Causton
were hey Simon
any good pulls yet we got Harry Kane
that counts one lone pack can't wait oh
my god ah see fairy we're gonna get a
high rate player probably who's there
gonna be
check for fuck's sake
is he gonna be isn't gonna be a troll
again this year we didn't even get our
best rated playoff mad Johnny pepper new
DVD killer been waiting for a week man
I've put a video out with go check it
out yeah I've already put a video out on
that so yeah sorry CN first time I
remembered me running around in GTA
derby I'm ruining your racing but also
and love you please tell best to be in
the next ETS session I can't tell him
that I mean I can but it's not up to me
bingos I'm just saying he shouldn't have
pushed JG on stage yeah that was a
little bow border doesn't make him a
full-on waste man no Z breath wait have
you heard Talia's new song I have it's
really good
hurry like you Swedish gamer greetings
from Sweden
hello Sweden
give me the damn flash Oh 83
boom 83 or minimum Rajat even send it
back
ladies man dr. cymet thoughts on the
chaos I am well a conference I was in a
meeting group so I haven't seen it I've
only seen the push pushes be out of
order
Kirsten Lee Venables can you please give
my cousin Bella a shout out stop Bella
I mean all that all that things showed
right all that press conference showed
it's the most two guys are gonna go each
other like they are gonna go with each
other yeah
my people will people were like oh you
know they're just doing it because why
not that's gonna be a grudge match gonna
be mad come on flash Sam you don't you
just love your videos hope you get
someone good thank you so do i but yeah
how am i been going I mean over half an
hour and I've done 10k nope Alexander
Selkirk love you Simon please shout out
Katie and Emily sup something baby you
know what guys I'm gonna go ham for 60
to 50 K for those points we go so ham
but that's just it's just it's Jeff what
is this by this is this is probably the
only time I'm gonna play fifa until oh
billboard english centre-back Chelsea
oh okay welcome to the team kale welcome
to the team okay Kelly what's up of them
smiling diamond me I enjoy your two
teams armor me remember the name okay
last one and then we're gonna go ham
we're gonna just put Cahill into the
team then we gonna go ham nope nothing
I remember when Maria was like the
sickest silver ever right let's put him
into the team what's afoot central was
this daily objectives daily objectives
Matt no I'm not even bother I'm not
bothering with that I don't want it
marine to jus thing Simon don't forget
the donates charity from the drink water
goals from hunting we will go also love
your bid so much
yeah any of you know how much that is by
the way let me know cuz I want to do it
I just I have no idea how much it is PS
lights go to Jersey and record with
Chris again yes I will I need to I just
I'm honestly is the first day where I've
sat at home and do nothing for quite a
while so yeah I'm enjoying it right now
sorry sorry bread soy bread Brad to
you're going on to the benchmate sorry
and you
there we go the thing goes screw up up
up back by the way did you clean your
room or is it still a Miss mess miss
mess mess I cleaned it it's a little bit
of a mess still right I'm about to go
ham Stephen Jeffries full of minutes too
bro I'll check it out and come from it's
awfully that's the transfer market right
store you ready for this we're gonna go
ham like as soon as I see it boom Tariq
hug
thanks very much didn't say flash no
flash
we're just quick settle everything quick
sale quick sale quick sale
boom done I'm sorry if I waste something
but I don't really care I just want to
walk out or an 83 minimum nope hello
four seven sandwiches and why right no
weird weird
you're very odd flash nope nothing
nothing really optimum smiley mate I
feel about fever 18 so far I mean I've
almost I'm almost ready to hang up the
boots hang up Mick nieta me controller
flash
I mean I haven't even played it yet this
is all I've done
I'm literally all I want is I just want
some walk outs no Stadium where is the
stadium
no no flash either Wow get rid of that
oh I was going quick
now we're getting sujay jeez why do you
prefer now to over Messi I don't know
something about Ronaldo I just
like why not Oh Miranda how's Miranda
like I don't watch the Italian league so
I can't really judge but how does
Miranda suddenly get like Satan how did
I end up always get like 86 or I don't
yeah I don't know well I don't watch the
league enough but I'm just saying I
didn't see it flash flash flash me
this is this bollocks bollocks this is
actually I should've kept track though
oh he's not gonna play flash Ankush
Sengupta sorry I can't sign ain't much
but I want to support you thank very
much you don't need sway you don't need
to do anything to support but I
appreciate it anyway thank you Tamara
the Jambo keep up the good work do you
know who hearts are yes about council
hey will you ever come to Hungary I am
have no plans to but who knows the
dingos gonna pop back alright mate it's
been fun gotta go keep up the good work
thank you very much tinker screwed up
Bubba but nope
Charlotte Lawton glad to see your face
again hope see you soon you too although
I'm not seeing in your face although
that was thought I would think I'm sorry
anyway 58 that come on what is this what
is this yeah you've taken my money and
you I don't want him I know I just
give me a flash what is this
literally I've got one flash and I
wasn't even looking that's pissed me off
that's really like really pissed me off
this is this is this is look at it like
I can flash hey up scare Ethan I don't
live with Ethan how would I do that
how do I scare Ethan Derek towel Simon I
love you love you do do do do do I
wasn't watching it wasn't a flash
miron to juicing
what are your expectation for leads the
season Simon well I mean we've said well
although we just you know lost Millwall
although we beat Burnley I don't know I
think I think we're gonna I think we're
gonna get playoffs that's that's hopeful
but I normally think we're gonna get
like 12th Alexander Selkirk why have you
won a Celtic top in our range top
because I don't know a range of top
because someone sent me a Celtic so I
worry I don't sorry I don't have any
allegiance to them so you know why not
glaze man you say bat so much in your
fifa vids I know I need to stop it's bad
I say I say certain things way too much
and what are genuinely guys I walk
around my house and say things sometimes
like I'll walk around the house and just
on my own and just start saying stuff
it's really weird I freaked myself out
I don't know if I can do another 50 care
of this maybe maybe I have to like just
maybe have to do like 30 and then play
game what something I just I just I just
want to walk out
I would keep odd birthday okay can't
walk alone I'll take it it wasn't it was
an 83 it was it would've been a
billboard player I'll take it I will
take car Walker
I am freaking oppressed day because I
didn't think it was anything like that
Albert eg Lawson what do you mean by the
flash and stuff okay so I'm gonna show
you so I didn't know this before so if
there's a flash there of the stadium it
means it's a walkout and if on the side
of the pack there wasn't one there
it means it's an 83 or above that's sort
of yeah if it makes you feel better I've
spent twenty four thousand three points
and I got Robin and Cavani BS lights I
mean I'm there pretty much no flash side
of the pack
no flash I mean I mean I've I've spent
14 K and I've got Kane I see it smiley
you seen the new Kingsman it's awesome
bat no I haven't no flash I'm waiting to
see it I'm waiting for a flash down like
the crack there's like a flash dude do
ya down the side of it there's like a
flash it like nope one day we'll see one
glaze man did you move house cuz people
knew he lives no we just wanted to move
really it's a nice house
part of it I guess it wasn't it wasn't
like we have to move that got dramatic
very dramatic is the music changed James
Tinka hi Simon hi 95 pays day earthing
FIFA thanks very much
flash ah that was a huge flash it up a
sterile garden he's not war cozy brain
in three two three
thank you very much Shania McAndrew
loved the video what were you able to
get Simon leggings online peer shouts
Sean please boys he's not walk as a yes
you will be able to he's not walk ID no
he's not
no he's not he's not a walkout
he's no book was there a flash I'm gonna
use the walk out
we'll leave the money thank you very
much what finally got another one I need
to stop in so quick I was I was trying
to like speed through so we get as many
packs as we can
I need man where's this where's the
flash where's where's the flash I need
to see this flash so I know Dhoom Dhoom
oh that's that okay that was at 83 that
was the line yeah billboard player who
is it
striker hello really dust
casting war can't confirm me as a
walkout fuck's sake we'll take dosed why
not a tea please Charlotte Lawson when I
say soon I meant at the next event probs
that's what I meant to Stuart Givens I
made you a golf it map called punchline
city yeah well guess what Stuart we've
played it where I'm like I'm like three
days ahead on videos or four days ahead
right now so we have actually played
that I saw a flash flat I saw it woke up
no I saw a flash that's a glitch then
that's a glitch I just got trolled I
just got trolled hard there was a flash
there was a flash there was our hundred
percent of flash no
there was a flash no anyone else anyone
else are you telling me that what
someone saw that flash right yes or no
in the chat just yes or no was there a
flash yes there's a there's a lot of
yeses I just got you you lie you lie
Newland who dis new Leon hood these do
five discard packs all right let's go
this pack one I'm pissed I'm actually
pissed rain in three two three and
spending my last dollar just to get a DM
don't wish to dollars on me there was
there was a hundred percent of everyone
has said yes there was a flash I've just
been lied to Kristensen no I'm not no
I'm pissed off now
FIFA's fever's its trolling me pissed
off that's a joke that's one way doing
discard packs though because if I get
something good I'm just gonna keep it
all though
fuck it I'm actually so angry right now
how they gonna do that I finally saw the
flash I didn't get walk out so what's
that what's that about thing guys
so how does that work while I was on
that walk out if that's the tactic
someone explained that to me since it
flush John alien 13 bro you are a ledger
thank you so are you but I'm pissed I'm
really looking out for this flash now
really a X rwx
against let us build someone's wish me
luck really good luck good luck raining
threes two three I'm not sure how much I
have please just a hi hi hello hi that
was there a flash there was a flash I
feel like I saw something in the corner
of my eye I see something all right
Jack Lofgren hey Simon drink some
redbull and then get your informal
Guerro
shall I do that should I go get some
redbull oh my oh I see mad gamer you
came to our school on Wednesday only so
you guys behind the gate when you were
coming again missed you by 10 mins after
school I'm sorry we didn't get to the
school about help so we just passing by
stefan 3:13 still need a girlfriend now
I'll speak I'm sorry dad loves me I'm
sorry come on flash rated 3 is 2 3 DM hi
maybe save your money
save your money that wasn't nice ok yes
I might get redbull
could be worth it you know there is no
flash for a walkout you're the only
person that said that so I don't know if
I can trust you
everyone else is like there's a flash if
you get a walkout I have seen their
flashes and I did see a flash there was
no walkout boss XD one for one was it
what is this song that was blade
basically any song you hear is either D
koble or shredder that last one was a
blazing realized can can't that would
have been perfect for a flash that have
been so perfect raining threes two three
I just keep sending this money I don't
have then stop stop go to bed go over
nap have a nap and I'll get an in-form
other long pause
with
please this dawn says Brown hey
summoners will say hi Lowell enjoy FIFA
18 bro I'm not right now but thank you
very much
oh I will try now that you've said that
Dave Johnson opinions of American League
such as I'm a lesson USL they're getting
better there were some very good players
but it's it's still a long way off I
think because even the good players like
it's there's like a huge gap Daniel
Quinn signed a plea to go and slap Josh
thank you
raining threes - three updates for ten
am not leaving until you do are you're
gonna be up for a long time John 1813 is
changes to par the Seidman check his
video nsj OTR thank you very much for in
through two three all right I'm probably
annoying you now though yes you annoy me
because you're spending your money that
you say you don't have don't do it don't
do it go to bed oh wait also sweaty
go get Red Bull what Libre back for that
red ball have a nice night what okay and
Michelle Ryan alright Orion
when will you upload the next episode of
life is strange I don't know very soon
hopefully also keep up the good content
thank you very much I'll try in in a few
days come on
guys oh listen I just want to walk out I
just want to walk out this is dumb
J Ryder shout out this please David is a
puddle bag Daniel Quinn I can't ring
Ethan and Quinn gay until he hangs up my
ability that why don't win a bully Ethan
Ethan's a nice guy guys I think I'm
gonna go down to 30 km and stop there's
only so much time you can open a pack
for I'm gonna go down to what though
let's get 35 K oh I wasn't watching
there may have been a tour at No
these are the best thing I've got today
we've got leads kit that's the best
thing I've got today how is that
possible
man oh this is this is this is horrible
this is this is truly horrible but this
is
this is this cavity by
okay we'll take him am I even gonna make
it to 35 35 K that's where I'm ending it
guys I didn't know how long this would
take that they've really like slowed
down
is this longer is this animation longer
than last year's Asuma
I didn't know he was gonna Stoke know I
spent coins oh oh it's worth it it's
worth they go in 83 Bill Ward player
Picardy going 84 burn Baker get Vikram's
opens the backs Vic it's out right now
so I can't
the muck Moscow hello from Russia I love
your videos
thank you very much and hello Russia
this is this is this has gone on long
enough
hey the boy if you guys remember Grado
as the boy you're an OG I'm just saying
Jay write a shout-out to count 6 and a
couple British Legion or copula I don't
know I struggle with reading guys it's
hard
reading as hard as spaniel is pasión
Mattie hogs hi again my dream is to meet
you keep it up my dream is to meet you
Mattie give me oh hey
Oh up to the smiley thank you
please please please please
please i want to see a flash i really
want to see a flash
ethan dead senor pool Pat you're soon
pack sponsors Hanson keep trying
I've already got him I think I'm already
going I think I said my god this is
ridiculous
I'd like this engaged on some things
were applying should come to Oklahoma
I'm literally like in a state of just
constant just nothing I don't know I
don't know what to say I've no words
because I'm not getting anything good we
said 35 K is when we stop so we are
we're 1:40 night we've got 14 K more 14
K we've done we've done 20 so doing like
35 K and we have gone through quite a
long period right now getting nothing T
tracks or tear tracks hello Simon how
you doing G I was doing well until I got
trolled by seeing a flash come up on
screen and then nothing and these packs
have all been awful for the last like I
don't know how ever long
but I did say within 40 to 50 KB points
that range we're gonna get like a legend
or a sick walk out so Scott Baker I love
you did that last times we will go was
the biggest roller coaster of emotions
I've witnessed on a YouTube gaming vid
don't beat yourself through that again
bro for your own sanity I know that's
why I don't want to do it because I was
so close and they had done it I think I
would have done to see a season series
this year Georgia and why not donate
it's up to you there's no no pressure
you don't have to hey your dick up in
the back it's Vickers out you guys mean
the Queen hi you should come to Toronto
I want to go to Toronto today
very badly I think they've got rid of
the the bad loan PACs which is good
because they're awful oh very good rate
Ryan for the wind hive you could use a
Icahn who would it be and why
Ronaldinho Don says Brown shout out for
Tennessee can stay at the DZ
what up DZ yellow duesy salmon groomer
nice name
I skipped it I did a skip I was like if
that was if that was my like one walk
out and I've skipped it I think I would
have cried like I just get Ronaldo it's
just like like that
well I wouldn't have cried cause I still
got Ronaldo
I'd have been happy as hell games games
games good school Mel Hawk Canada loves
you
even if he said we're born to drown I
have a Canadian passport I love Canada
that's why I'm Canada all the time we
were born to drown the Canadians
seriously
I had to stop that because copyright
Brian Sanchez okay now Podolski pickup
Podolski seat Ebola shout-out to Ebola
day-to-night
there are fans from Oklahoma thought I
was the only one ah Peter nude Yang's
gang and DN game hi Simon Peter from
Edmonton Canada are watching this during
a geology lecture why are you not
focusing why are you not focusing on
your lecture huh one day one one day one
day we will get this we will see a flash
and we will get a walkout Girt sir sorry
mate you really gone downhill so like I
saw you as an 86 at one point than 84
okay we've been going for an hour and
we've got to walkouts one of which we
missed this is dumb John ayan you guys
ever gonna do a worldwide tour are you
gonna do more music because it distracts
fire probably not so Bradburn love you
little summited to keep you can work
thank very much for sixteen one for one
doing no little pet and albert EG Lawson
have you heard Eminem is releasing an
album soon isn't it gonna be the album
that's just like a best of I mean I said
I call it
Dante's Brown can you shout out Youngjae
please and Ronaldo's want to watch shout
Youngjae Luckman and Robbie you have
inspired me to live a happy life thank
you really with my misery here my misery
opening packs is inspired he's a live a
happy life actually to Ferry Road
inspired to not sit in front of guys I'm
struggling I'm struggling here we have
12 kpv points left
I want one walk out before then Jamie
Roman in the army but I'll always find
time to achieve vids struggled to make
events but one day I'll be there well I
hope to meet you one day Jamie El Cubano
if two plus two is four what is four
minus one three quick mats TT baller
thank you very much thank you doing that
take Matthew yards last one now I
promise but when you next coming up
north I don't know I honestly don't know
when I'm coming up north wait literally
I'm not this isn't an excuse we're very
very busy for like the next month or two
and now I say that and I'm sitting in
front of my xbox playing Fifa but yeah
trust me Emma Jane Eddie
sending you Patrick from Glasgow thank
you let's hope that that works this pack
nope not this one next one
Chris Hughes shower from San Francisco
I've been watching your videos over the
last three four years and when it's
thank you to the continuous last hashtag
twenty five game and big up to me fives
there's the pack so a class go you know
time difference one more pack time
difference
that's what is it's the time difference
this is the pack cuz now it's here flash
see Glasgow Glasgow Thank You Glasgow
German Sinemet you kids here are you
Brian said you say saamne shop in Los
Angeles California my brother and I huge
frenzy to keep up the amazing work thank
you very much fuck it he's gone and they
like him he has been the queen the
craziest fan experience you've ever had
I really don't know cindy kaye shadow
night holds you drop a diss track on
rice gum
I don't thinking against them I met him
he's a nice guy like maybe if I hadn't
met him I might've been like yeah if I
get let's do it for views but I met him
and he's a really nice guy so why not I
mean why would I crazies fan experience
I've had I have no idea I mean I've been
sent abroad that's probably that's very
weird
sorry odd Aaron Mineo how do you feel
about JJ being on the Berkhamstead e'en
list and you aren't grab that school
they can see what I won they like they
didn't help JJ in any way jaded like
they they basically like forced change
out they didn't help either of us now
they're taking any credit for JJ bro I'd
be more pissed if I was JJ
Kalem McLean padlock coming from
Shetland Oh bang there's no time
difference you must be near me put
and then I didn't know if there's a
flash so I see Portuguese and I think
maybe that could be shining yeah okay
sorry just yet
Karen Johnny thank you very much
no I wouldn't be I'm not jealous that
he's on the welcome Stadium I actually
more angry at them for putting him on
because so one of my other mates who
they ended up kicking out has gone on to
do very well and they're actually trying
to take credit for it so I stopped yeah
you didn't help him now I mean how many
cents come on
Michael spies I've to have a quorum no
points right now I'm just saying and I
probably should have a lot more if I'd
sold the place instead of quick selling
every single every single one
Papadopoulos these why do I want a gold
pack right we're down to our last no
wait we're not yet almost our last 10k
why would I even wait for it it's a gold
pack you get one rare players it's gonna
be an 83 great player that was trouble
that was terrible terrible this is
horrible
yeah
come on give me a flash there's
absolutely no way I can do all 70,000
feet points today guys who knows maybe
one day I'll you know turn now so mate
maybe one day I'll do another 35 K feet
point opening but I might just keep
these till Timothy is good ball ball
ball go doo-doo-doo-doo big up shredder
Wow where the good players walkers pull
odd can you come to the Midwest us
preferably Grand Rapids Michigan I think
he knows also absolutely love your vids
been watching for about three years no
thank you very much I appreciate that
and ran Davis love you bro lit stream by
the way I'm sorry it's been it hasn't
been very lit I'm not I'm not lying it
hasn't been very lit because I haven't
got anyone good this has been this has
been awful this is like and just all I
want is I just want to get someone sick
just like someone sick will mean I
probably open more packs but right now
I'm like in that whole thing of like I
haven't got even good for a long time
when she hasn't showered and the booty
tastes sour thank you very much that's
someone who's done a while they that's
not just me saying hey Simon do you
watch any anime if you don't I suggest
you watch Dragon Ball super or one punch
man to start off with well have a good
day
I have watched Dragon Ball I don't think
I've seen I was throwing ball yeah i
watch like the early german balls i
haven't seen since they started at my
Super Saiyan God in the lot and I've
also seen attack on Titan which was
fucking sick oh yeah and these I need to
watch one punch man
one punch man seasick by one much Death
Note doo-doo-doo-doo boom
come on boss sex d-141 did you ever meet
bleh vision blaze a good friend of mine
and he's away his way is one of the
safest people ever met my life
Brian Sanchez who's been in the
Champions League this year Real Madrid
that's my prediction remember I said
that rail Madrid where is a good player
but boom boom boom boom
blue the frizz your hair I just copied
me down to our last eight and a half 9k
roughly nothing really Chad I'm low-key
triggered that you thought there was a
times that time zone difference team
hundred in Glasgow that private
education seems worth no is in like you
know there's if I throw something from
you know that room to hear there's less
of a time difference between that throw
getting here and someone throwing
something from Scotland getting here you
get me it makes sense
sit down Chad alright Daniel Gaskell
love the bids who's your favorite pro
football player of all time David
Beckham right now probably Ronaldo I
love Ronaldo I'm a Ronaldo fanboy I
didn't see if it flashed though
Charlotte Lawson big up you for actually
pronouncing both my name's correctly Big
Love I hope somehow you got my letter
for a friend I gave them to upload I
will have that downstairs I've read most
of it but Joe why brow makes Pike 85
plus rated player well let's see
ah
you're so close you're so close that 85
plus it's late informed good effort
though Kairos come and shoot in channel
I'm Michele my channel and they hit me
up if you wanted to come out close
shooting sometime actually Josh bridge
chase I'm and I love the chunky part man
thank you very much
TT baller subscribe subscribe me and
shout me and nd you can play a match
also if you don't support leads who
would you support from the Premier
League well if I was to stop supporting
leaves now probably Watford but if I
just never ever gone to Leeds my
brothers are both United fans so I'd
actually probably be a Mac fan but I'm
not allowed to say that so I never said
Matthew yards okay I broke my promise
please did you put him in instar I said
I can check you out insta back on for
mr. Paulo sorry
shut up why is that the anonymous guy
thank you very much a k8k to get a walk
out Oh flash I saw something I saw
something there was something there
there was something there guys there was
a little flash of something fluctuate
I've heard you've heard of Elf on a
shelf but have you heard of Simon on the
Mike Tyson Gay that's me Ryan Hemsley no
difference team walk out slash Phil
board flashes oh no some people say that
there's a a flash of a stadium there
we'll see that it is yeah I want to come
on seventy-nine thousand feet points
left twenty thousand people they need to
see they need to see a walk out desire
whitey yes I'm just want to say a big
thank you because your videos have got
me through so many bad times Q out man
you and inspiration thank you very much
glad I could help some weird way some
very weird way I don't know how far has
gone very differently to my last year
stream last year I got I got a
whatchamacallit a legend within my third
pack or something like that and I was I
was happy this is the opposite what
Nicholas Jensen what a headset a use in
this is yet dire might take him don't be
a cold pack this is the DT 90 Pro from a
bad dynamic yeah bad bay yeah but yeah
dynamic duty 990 or something like that
it doesn't have a micro anything come on
give me like a 90 rated give me a 90
right it's only alone just give me an
itinerary player really really Socrates
show me your Iqbal thank you very much
why can't I just please like I have this
I have I have another one of these guys
this is my last one I bought like six
when I did it when I bought them for the
first time and this is that's the last
one I have and this seems like a very
fitting occasion
Matthew Pollak your Simon bro have you
seen Game of Thrones no I watched six
episodes and got bored
come at me fight me I'm not saying it's
bad I'm just saying it's not for me it's
just like yeah I played I watched six
episodes and I was liars it's too slow
but everyone says are you gonna watch
the whole first season I'm like yeah but
I want to ivan Korea
yo Simon I need help paying my
basketball what you paying your
basketball for Joe why brow that that
one was just a joke next one is 85 plus
rated player okay the next back okay
now heart your videos is only put smile
on my face when I need it the most thank
you before for all of your hard work and
all that you do for us I don't think I
do that much but thank you for watching
my videos this one a five plus two
no sorry sorry Joe so Joe you almost go
ahead although I'll give you one more
time this is it this is your one more
chance sorry Jeff you failed you used up
all your luck in the first pack what sex
do you want for once a legend isn't a
thing anymore it's icon now yeah siphon
fluctuate do a discard pack fam
I don't want I did a disco back earlier
I really want to do another one because
that's when I might get someone say
Gomez this is I'm not getting anything
I know yen any of them I need to I need
to stop if I get something I will stop
as well like I said I'm gonna go to 35 K
but if I get something I'm gonna end on
a high but it's gonna be like a high it
can be like 83 or 84 doesn't know if I
get like a 88 I'll be happy however not
gonna inform by the way like even a
shitty one Ryan Davis boom 2 plus 2 is 4
minus 1 as quick as 3 quick math that is
jokes most cars go my sd card
this is this is this is something else
this is dududu come on come on come on
come on come on
I don't like what can I do how I don't
get it I open packs pretty quickly like
mostly this is quite quick to just
solidly open packs Chamuel Iqbal imagine
if you get Ramos in the last pack that'd
be a be dope I'd happily I'd be very
happy
amber what I saw a flash I saw there was
there's a flash there
amber Roberts is the pack opening of
calm art rather than vindaloo does that
cost it you fuck it it is lovely bids
any other bids ideas coming up in the
future
aka IRL football I want to fluctuate
take my energy I cut that's not a thing
Josh Bates I've made contact
consistently for three years I feel I
want to change my contents more of a
comedy gaming and you any advice that
could help just do what you want just
just change to what you want if you're
enjoying it people will understand
Matthew pull it yo guys listen Thomas
Knutson hey Simon where's your favorite
movie of all time
Lion King oh that was a flash that was a
hundred percent of flash that's 100
percent of flash the stadium things'll
eye official Victor thank you there's a
lie the stadium things lie the stadium
things just a glitch whoever said that
your laiá laiá
why not get good player ye a hate me
why'd this happen why you have to be
mean ei you can't spell mean without ei
saying
well I don't want to say you guys we
finally get another rare player by a
billboard player
fuck it we have three and a half
thousand people points left guys three
nine thousand V points I skipped it I
just skipped it okay if that was it
if that was if that was the big one that
was the big boy that had to piss me off
give me one ei someone a TA you must be
watch someone someone someone that just
has a little switch that goes clunk in
the good player you know I'm gonna end
it soon help me out help me out course
come and shooting Channel the view and
the guys are interested I can offer a
day's clay days clay shooting for free
if you guys upload it I may take you out
Noorie Levi FIFA Ultimate Team content
my friends spent 36 K and what five
icons I spent 24 k got no one it's just
e AIDS things don't worry Simon I mean
yeah is you can say don't worry but end
of the day I'm just sat here for an hour
an hour spend 35 K feet points and I've
got Harry Kane and Alexandra and I
missed the walk out Alexandra just wanna
walk out I just wanna see just see
someone walk out animation so beautiful
come on
it's like like that it's like what why
are you doing that I mean I'll take him
sure I don't fluctuate serious one
coaster for 50 mil discounted app in my
opinion what you think I think you can't
judge anyone now is like we haunted
anyone's price anymore
the mark is fucked like you've got
people going for like 200 mil and stuff
it's dumb the like people liked Evers
moving for that much just fucked
everyone cuz you're like I don't ever
have worth that much then how much this
guy should be worth blah blah you know I
mean I don't know I miss the good old
days please please please please please
let me get me one good player one good
player for in this
official victor hey Simon who are you
back into the JJ will a fight I know
you're in judges corner but who do you
think it's gonna win I mean they're both
training right now so if JJ keeps up
training then I'm gonna go with JJ
because I like he's big guys but along
the reach everything like that but like
right now I'd like if they fought
tomorrow I'd probably say whether
because he's boxed before he's he's
stronger but yeah they're both training
so they have like what four months so
give it time and we'll see
energy where's that energy crew but
about come on fluctuate and get your fam
thanks for the entertainment over the
year now so I mean it's hard it's hard
to explain but thank you very much thank
you for watching come on seriously guys
I'm sorry I'm sorry I haven't got anyone
but it's not my fault
yeah their fault one player I think I
might end it the next rare player a curb
not rare but the next whatchamacallit
player billboard player the next bill
would player oh yeah I'll end it
although I'm tempted to play what now I
don't play match I was gonna say play
match but I need to get out of this room
I've been in here for an hour and a half
opening packs trying to get someone good
night I booked I blabbed in my mouth
just then that's how angry I just got
what's this happening
that was the that was a drop there was a
drop it was timed it was time for the
drop come on four packs five five packs
until I'm over over 35 K Wow Wow
Barbossa Captain Barbossa do you do oh
we're gonna get it on the drop
oh no don't mind oh say that take a
sterling mad gamer are you coming around
Canary Wharf again if yes when uh we're
not no I'm sorry
I said I know I wasn't above the play
was it okay Nick billboard play we get
is the end by an icon with your money
Oh bill would player it's done please
don't go don't go find yourself no bun
him bun him
I can't be bothered I don't want him I
don't want him I don't want him bang
it's all gone it's all gone
there's just squads let's bike that was
awful
oh that was a waste of money car Walker
daya Sterling Wilshere right we can
whack these people in will put car
Walker in babe yeah daya I think I've
right out of Smalling if I'm honest so
that's my team now it's not very good
let's be honest
we'll take it Simon man man cops who
have you packed good luck from smack
cough I thought I recognized the last
name
I packed cane that's about it really
whose foot way phoning me this is weird
okay
Victor Paulson thank you very much
Annamayya acid were you ever gonna get
that Red Bull also thanks to the
entertainment for the past three years I
was going to but I decided no I I don't
I don't want to do this anymore it's a
quick Rihanna but yeah I'm gonna n do
that guys that's that's that but I don't
want to know I'm I'm gonna enter that
thank you guys for watching all 20,000
of you I don't know how many people
there were over the time but thanks
everyone who's watched it if you're
watching is the video thank you for
watching as well yeah make sure you like
if you guys want to drop a like before I
end the stream thank you very much
and poof now I have to awkwardly time it
that's yeah Ben hope I think very much
something is su out of the videos the
best is that about a little lap and Jono
XD thank you very much as well
bye
