what's up guys and welcome to the board
of FIFA today I am joined with net
what's up net or something ever wait
what I've made him so uncomfortable I
never know what's up I'm good I'm good
I'm excited to be bored of FIFA today
we're playing for something a little bit
different today we are playing for a
player we are playing for this chili the
loser will have to upload a video in the
next couple of days of them eating the
chili and yeah it's hotter than a ghost
chili that's all you need to know we
need to know the loser will also have to
discard any players they get that worth
keeping throughout the game and a new
rule is if you get a bent net in your
pack the other person has to move back 5
spaces also known as the bender bomb an
informal so gets you an extra 3 on to
the second number of the card and that
is how many places you move nap as you
are the Challenger you can go first and
if you want to start with the 25k packs
feel free thanks man I will start well
ok max we've got Howard on the back and
we get ourselves a zero that's that's
great new submission I get nobody
special over a zero okay well I'm gonna
go for 25k pack and my first move is a
team brilliant Messi on the pack I feel
like a messy in the
I feel I can get old Diego Albers one
you're not moving very fast wait wait
wait wait this is a game this is a game
of skill and time all right this isn't a
game of light let me just get seven
lines in a row win yeah well it kind of
is heavy so kind of is just get three
nines and win three nines which you
won't go back to you don't win on three
nines oh my god I got a zero as low feel
Falcao coming I don't know why let's go
messing on the pack again it's an omen
we get off at around about four it's got
lair brilliant all right so the third
25k pack for me I'm on - you're on for
the player that pops up is the three so
uh and he was this Coast Guard Miranda
Miranda is a decent player like that's
actually a disservice to the FIFA
community you're the reason why the
market is like is don't go it's trying
to start this with me I get a nice big
Toni Kroos good I'm five five points
puts me up to ten my second last 25k
fight we decided to only open five of
these and I get a one so I'm on six
you're on ten not bragging or boasting
where you can ask anyone that plagued
Angela I'm really really lucky in the
community games I just got seven to sort
of those so when you said about this
isn't like you know just get big numbers
with yeah I was just lying to try - yeah
yeah all right so my final 25k PAC come
on please do something good I think the
only ones I can inform now like imagine
like a Ronaldo like that that - that big
- you know to me or
that's it you're just getting life I've
got a nine I'm pretty sure he's cheating
guys I'm not cheating no they can see my
pack right now where's my first
seven-and-a-half came back it's messy on
the pack again why we get fire you Peter
Crouch has been 22 happy days anything
but for a six or do we work
whose forger and or or I can get five
just into Yama
one of the higher strength players in
the game your password
mom's knowledge bond with Nelly's bots i
get i get a Miranda as well three one
two three oh man eternity
never have I thought was gonna head like
I'm in among so many things I have a lot
of everything yeah except this card
player so no one's really got a player
work keeping yeah but I don't talk about
you got Miranda I think you ever had to
discarded wasn't a question the real
thing right now is that Chile and yeah
you know how there's a trophy at the end
the Chile should be at the end from zero
I was pretty sick that's that's
basically missing Oh visit mister turns
missing go I can go again what do I get
all to Schaeffer a 76 I push him out 231
look at in between discard and move
forward to this is actually just the
destruction right now if I got an
in-form last night that would be pretty
tasty good like I would got anything so
far a mine just as ridiculous is its own
isn't it it's 79 Cabella and up caught
up 29 31 give me a 1 a 1 or a 3 or
higher sure I feel right here
keep going on we got us an 8 with
Zhirkov what a great guys you're on 39
yeah boom this gets really easy I knew
you were gonna say that I literally I
knew you were gonna say this game is
easy I've managed to evade I know my
life I'm gonna don't hit start again now
online so if I get 9 we've caught okay
an eight so I am I'm on oh it's too
quiet
oof not a 3-1 yet is not very pleased
the ale don't give me a 3/4 here it's a
5-4 basis yeah that was no small place
its function shots if you get a zero
yeah that means you're still on swap
places which means we should swap back
how you like initiate the thing again do
we really want to use that rule not
really I'm just thinking like because it
is like you you know you move 0 places
don't you so you um do we include that
rule I definitely didn't just get 0
all right so we're not going to use that
rule who we go on the fight a Pilate no
let's not glasses alibi it's that's not
racist guys that's not racist
oh it's a 6 Mary ocher sir all right so
I now just need to imagine a tattoo
again breeze wounds on the pack he gives
me a 2 and I win and I don't have the
fucking Welland just zero
yes ma'am usual zero yes no I wasn't
really paying attention I was sitting
there like just staring into oblivion
for a second yep you realize how hot
that chili is nope and I'm not gonna
either last time I did a chili cones Oh
fucking smashed it all right a LeBron
the pact with you
halibut in the pack would actually win
me
okay when we get it's no what would you
get psychic in 77 to show us we have a
winner you put like ting ding ding music
and stuff like that was short and sure
man but do whatever have you breezy I
don't want to eat this chili neither
I'm good news is I don't have to write
so my luck continues with border fever
and I lose another frickin game against
the net that means I now have to eat one
of these they are Carolina Reapers and
yeah that video will be up probably in
like two or three days we're also going
to go record draft Wars which is on next
channel which you can check out in the
description and while you're there be
sure to subscribe nap thank you for
playing no no thank you for having me no
I like this game let's do this again I'm
glad you can do this again yeah just put
something actually worthwhile on the
line it's working on which me was well a
little pussy chillin like Jalandhar
Shelley's what what do you want to bond
the line next time let the comments
decide okay comments decide what we
should put on the line next time there
you go that's all for today be sure to
check out nap as I said thank you guys
for watching and see you alright
takaku takaku they get up Oh Oh Frick
sake come on it's four minutes in euros
I love it please thank you hi Cavani
come on e come on e season that wait no
not the wow that was a shot oh okay I
got corn out of it right aim for David
Luiz
there is that's not W that's God's
Cavani okay Lukaku is Lukaku
what the hell W easy oh my god Jesus
what
