what's up guys well good now John what's
up guys and welcome to your ultimate
team we are in Division one we have six
points five games left and we need
another eight top comment today cell
Benzema and by Kevon that means my
strikers to this team now have nine
chemistry each and expire manager and
I'm gonna give this team in other chunks
if I win I should be in a good position
to stay in the division but if I lose
it's a very high chance on to get
relegated and the Invincibles is I'm
playing this that's a great name great
name average VPL team I actually have
charge I let's do this come on come on
this team's got do better what the what
the hell what no Lukaku
we've got a flute takaku takaku they it
up Oh Oh Frick sake come on it's four
minutes in your ally allow it
please thank you hi Cavani Cavani Cavani
season that wait no not the wow that was
a shot our care gone corn out of it
right in for David Luiz there is that's
not a loser
oh it's Cavani okay Lukaku is Lukaku
what the hell w easy oh my god business
what no can we get food oh no no no no
no no no no oh my oh my god oh my god
why just don't get why I can't do
anything but I used to be quite good at
this
come on let's eat come on Lavezzi I
knows he knows he knows but can he stop
it
white that was a pause play everybody
like no yes yes yes yes please Ali's
honor we got all my days out of that
part actually made her through I don't
even care just I'm so happy I've scored
a go I'm pausing their paws on the edge
wait wait turn out come on e come on I
just got a Benzema because he did that
oh no it's 45th minute its 45th freakin
minute and now please please don't do
this is 45th minute and there's like you
know it's gonna happen why haven't they
fixed that yet and there's a lot of time
and I'm losing why I need a freakin gold
no that's not where I freakin pearl and
go that's a good job Oh for every game I
lose like 3:1 because I'm losing to one
and then he scores because I'm putting
too much pressure on all right come on
it come on flaming Flemming please go
down Lucas oh it didn't even go for a
corner you actually having a laugh mate
I am pretty confident I haven't won a
game with the stevia oh my god
oh my god I gotta go buddy golly golly
please no come on you actually had a
chance to scorn your debut I actually
can't believe I'm just gonna lost this
game I don't know how I'm losing every
single freaking game is like this team I
can't win with it it's actually
ridiculous it's annoying because
literally every game so far every
episode is I lose and then I have a
chance lads
I'm getting ready gated 100% I'm gonna
play a game with the Italian team
because last time I actually won with
them I'm not saying I'm gonna win I'm
just saying I feel like I have more of a
chance I let's see the teen on faced
with the Italian team Suarez named our
team but it cool again I need to just
chill out let's just play the football I
used to play okay
why the fuck can't ever play in Ligue 1
okay get rid of this guarantee this get
rid of this get rid get rid there we go
no that's not that's not fully rid oh
wow okay I may have got the early girl
but yeah he is he's quite a lot of
pressure excuses it
no that's not what I need I need you to
catch that her none of it another corner
nah he's gonna score when he's lost or
one Baba what seen the far side signify
side oh no see I'm actually playing some
nice football now I'm not being stupid
feathers on a little run Tevez on a
little run there we go there we go seen
him inside
dammit no I said dummy I didn't say just
leave it Spang oh my tell us what's
wrong with all of you
my whole team has just gone out to shoot
right no no no this has to be this has
to be I've seen me far side pursue me
wait wait he doesn't know where to in an
ounce of mark this even though I ref ref
or you are you serious
you sit ok wait wait no I had it I had
it rough wait I still have it uh-uh
oh no oh no 46 minute you're taking up
his again okay please please come on win
that win that win that win that one so
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go 45th minute 45th
minute come on come on Savino Savino
Savino Oh JA video Tim out of the
flying's fish-safe oh my god yeah oh my
god oh my god Obama finish rough we
dodged a video wait wait what are you
doing wait just to meet y'all hold my
goods
there we go half time on two near lot I
don't want to say anything but video
tell us at a bar Bowl instead of lapis
and Barney or pens among thieves
oh no oh no oh no oh no oh please no why
I didn't say anything about the defense
the downfall the downfall has already
begun please please please decisions
easily okay I am saying something about
the defense now the goalkeeper heroic
the Dow V Dow I'll take the corner oh no
no no no no control is not gonna
misplace it
this is he's gonna miss that I suppose
so as you take such a turn in you turn
in and it finis straightens his hands
just right in there hi this guy is
starting to get a little bit too
confident now I need to just to shut
this down now
oh no wait no I was so close oh no no
Suarez when swaras misses like that you
know it's your day i i've got a good
free kick taker in Mertens come on if I
think score that if I can score that all
my toys are psalmist shut down ahaha
Tabard ref foul please come on a goal
kick as well now you're mad 89th minute
surely I have won this high that's it I
think that's it surely surely surely
I've won now truly I've actually just
gone on one another game one yeah yeah
now do ya exactly exactly little Spang
go about oh hi what you gonna try and
outrun me
you know just you just gonna run yeah I
know I know you're going yeah exactly
you go bitch and the frickin game where
sir there we go we've done it you guys
don't realize how important that wing
could be three games left I need five
points so I need like one win and two
draws out the last three or two wins if
it's anything like the last couple
episodes I'm going to lose then win that
I have one game left to get two points
so I have to win if I get relegated lads
I don't know what to do because I can't
keep doing division two in Division one
over and over again it is painful as
hell I got seven and a half thousand
coins let me know you want me to buy the
most liked comment will be the one I
choose so be sure to like each other's
comments but don't say any new teams
because it's way too late for that
that's all for today thank you guys for
watching and see ya I I just don't know
what to do here we're gonna go for this
one we go for this one oh that didn't
work at asshole how do I make him run no
I know you're gonna know is not it is is
yes I got it I got it I got it okay
right right go wait there you go they
that is not Oh Benzema first of all
please write wait wait and then I keep
going down the line you go down the line
Kyo nam alive
