nah division-one pissing me off
two losses one win it's the only
division that has really really done
that to me then I'm getting comments
telling me to sell the whole team and
just buy a new team I've literally spent
the last like three divisions trying to
get this French team I am not changing
enough you want to let me know one
player to buy let me know so as I said
we have three points I need another
least eleven point buy bag because at
the moment if I lose one more game I
come in the title we're gonna try out
this team again and see what happens but
I don't have very high hopes and when
the first team I come against FC Angulo
me is a smirk a that's alright he's got
three of the back so I should be able to
score because that's what I've been
struggling with wait no it's not I've
literally let Golan in the first four
minutes every single time well I made it
past the first five minutes so you know
I'm doing better than normal but I don't
really know what's happening right now I
10 minutes tenderness is a bit better
I'm starting to do a bit better I hope
I've really really freaking hope what is
going on no no no no let's just go let's
get away let's get away I want to get
away I wanna fly
yeah Benson let me know a Stryker that I
can buy oh please
look at that oh no teach no good no no
how was it I was like how is he not why
is the vision what sword Lavezzi Lavezzi
please just what is up with it put it
wait wait no what Mar what dub that was
like a flapping catch I don't that's not
even a thing I I just don't know what to
do here we're gonna go for this one we
go for this one
boom that didn't work at asshole how do
I make him run no I know you're gonna
know is not it is is yes I got it I got
it I got it okay
right right go wait there you go they
that is not Oh Benzema first of all
please alright wait wait and then I keep
going down the line you go down the line
here down the line and then why the hell
did he just why did he fall over no no
no no no no no no no no no Padgett did
you see the keeper dying I actually
can't deal with Ventura I actually
caught like I know okay wait like no boo
fun I need Buffon day yeah there you go
please please like that bang bang okay
I'm back in four one two one two one
what am i safe for visit minute two one
I swear I'm drunk i halftime and I
deserve to be winning look at the stats
i second half
and then like a couple minutes later get
another one hi friends amar Benzema
birds of AA take it I want my free kick
like okay I'll take the free kick didn't
get in there that's too far too far too
far that is okay but but now
aurilla or RIRA RIRA what that is
absolutely shocking I wonder you're
right that no no no no no how the hell
did he even get through tonight
what's up how is he how's even how is he
how is he getting the chop telugu this
is definitely one of those games is
gonna end like three one four one maybe
because I'm gonna be so on the attack
now and then he is just gonna score go
get rid garrard garrard garrard garrard
oh my god he just he just see Raghu is
actually shocking I told you it's gonna
end 3-1 or for one thing yeah there yeah
there you go mater Edie get the rebound
get the Reba no there you go wait wait
Ben's up okay
look at that boy app that's a goal
that's like so he's wrong the Gold's
broken the net there's already a hole it
just looked like he didn't go through
and that's the end of the game like I've
lost that's that's it
I've actually just gone and lost another
game I'm pretty soon I'm really good
again I like I'm a hundred percent I'm
over now I'm about 95 for sensor and I'm
really getting again unless you guys let
me know a good striker I'm gonna play
another game but I'm gonna use the
Italian team and I'm going to show you
why I need a good striker cuz keva is
gonna do me justice here hi this team is
he's got some Silver's why am i coming
up against the Darwin goal in a very
average team this is just more
embarrassing if I lose I'm you know why
maybe it was the kid maybe it's cuz I
kept playing in blue tempers Tevez
servers tell us look at it look at it
look at it like look how he look how
Tevez just is so determined
compared to Benzema I know it didn't end
in a goal but that's not what that's the
was it was only a little evil oh my God
he's really tearing out with Sam right
now I don't I really just like Sam
because this why is he reporting know
how how how hand a damage is No
okay you've done well I was about to
shout at you hand out of itch but you
did well on my days on my days I miss
all my days
buh buh buh buh buh never days blah blah
I don't know what this feels like
I'm so I'm so not used to winning so
it's actually feels really strange
oh no he's there he's there that's the
goal isn't it I was so close I mean it
I've still got another half to do but I
was actually winning
Sydney Sam has ruined my experience of
today i Jaffe no you know what he thinks
I'm gonna turn in but I'm just not just
just okay I should have but I didn't but
I know I'm happy I did
oh my days that was a terrible shot and
again I'm feel like I deserve to be went
what not but what are you doing what is
happening why he's going now that's a go
isn't it he's gonna score he's good what
up nah
get rid of that play me play me play me
turn add two US dollars I told you a
good striker and I can win ignore his t
McCain or the fact is tea smells good
all right you know what I'm actually
starting to play some nice football
starting to play some some it okay okay
I know I'm crossing it now Oh bother
oh my days that's the dollars or even Oh
mark people want you to win this frickin
game no no no no
dealing with this I can't be dealing
with that get rid get get rid of them
get rid of them fucking ball oh my god
he's escorting he's actually going to
score he's actually going to school from
there actually he's actually going to
school because my players start eating
each other lads I can't believe how much
I need to celebrate a win like this
getting so painful now that's it that's
it that's it I've actually done it
I've actually freaking won a game I told
you give me a good striker like Tevez in
a dryer team that he actually fits in
Bentham is all right but he doesn't fit
in that team and I will win again ignore
the team but I have five games left and
if I do exactly what I've done in the
first five games I will end up on twelve
points an ass relegation so I need to
win three of the last five games which
is based on this division not gonna
happen but you guys could change that I
have nine and a half thousand points let
me know who you want me to buy a copy
for the BPL team it between the Serie A
team it could be for the one team I
don't mind it's up to you guys let me
know the most liked comment will be the
one I choose sorry I didn't buy the team
I know a lot of you were gonna be like
oh but that was the most liked comment
but I literally just got a team and I
don't want to do that again because no
one sells in FIFO Niemann so I'm gonna
have to end it there we got a win today
which is the heroic from me because like
I'm so shit these days so yeah thank you
guys for watching and shoot get a goal
kick out of that well that's just
fantastic what Bob this is what I'm
talking about like yeah the missing all
these shots but he gets through so
easily
okay where we go there we go see this
face BAM boom oh my Jays all I'm saying
is the 79 rated lockers that would have
scored that thing a scene of two sinners
through the food sit through tub it Rev
them just please just give me something
to please a bowl
