what's up guys and welcome to the
Twitter challenge I've done this before
but now I'm back with Jesse what's up
Jesse hello everybody so the way this
works is every time Jesse's scores
against me she gets to choose something
that I have to tweet from my Twitter
account then we'll do a rematch which
will be on her channel and I get to
choose what she tweets so they'll you
know she'll probably do a lot of tweets
because I'll probably score quite a few
and we are allowed to choose any squad
we want so I'm going for the sweaty BPL
team this team is disgusting I've got
the legend Owen up there what is your
team like it is a Brazilian team it's
pretty sweaty it's tough but it's got
legend Pele at the top so mmm great
can't wait can't wait to make you tweet
with my man Pele all right let's see
this team let's see this Brazilian
actually yeah what I was expecting a bit
more from your face yeah well you know I
didn't have like a whole lot of coins to
work with every year so I did as much as
I could but all rights not like it's not
like you have a Pele to sell or anything
like that all right let's go right I
can't go defense it by the way for
everyone questioning that because that
would just be ridiculous should make you
go all attacks it's like all out of join
me to go all out attack if you want to
go I don't watch us just because I'm so
confident I'm gonna laughter all right
this is your mini account right this is
your team
we doing shit with this team yeah oh my
god maybe I can do some of this see
exactly come on wait there's nothing but
there's no like benefit of Lee scoring
is there nope there's no benefit of use
for whatever I don't care of you score
it's me score in the matters although
this is you're speaking in riddles Oh
oh thanks know what our weekly Billy's
doing out there hi I see you I see you
just watching me
you watch me Mom there you go you're on
your on your on your on your on please
you off he's off he's off thank God for
that I was actually on you can't lie to
me like that all right if you're a non
tech I gotta have a chance of here
somebody thank you no I gotta back wraps
have a present house it has another Oh
he's not outside though he's not though
oh wow wait wait wait how is this
where's has come from I don't I mean
you're not gonna freaking oh oh oh
Loen Owen Owen Owen pace pace pace of
boos pace of use that you got wait what
the Frick is that gone Willy Wonka come
on Oh name our name or face abuse I'm
gonna do the crispys now oh yeah I'm
gonna give it to pillow no hello fellow
pehla pehla okay hello Oh looky Jesse
just yeah calm down calm down do this
wing cross well done come on now I saw
that that was like it that was why you
should have sold peel oh I know what
you're gonna do here but it's okay why
don't you use your plane like come on oh
oh no no no no no no peel out guys
singing I walk up please come please go
go go
you got my job Reese look at that ball
look at the ball
Oh Owen Owen why have you done in the
air yes come on guys Oh see you seen him
my god oh it doesn't buzzer buzzer yeah
chips it pens
no that's me how was that even remove
the opinion
No whoa okay hello Simon can you not
like yes yeah why is it like it why is
it like it no any name are to be the man
that he wasn't it to be cool
oh my dear you're actually home if I
actually I actually thought I could have
won the bull bear
go shit you see if you screw it we're
doing it worried about one more time I
do are you crossing again just one more
time you see are you Rin Oh God there
you go that's the half that's hot I mean
how many have one shot we've made some
changes who you bring it you but you
were on your yacht alright go on Yaya I
can do with that I can do it that Theo
Walcott
Theo walk-ups running through you so
Campbell you mad what's the absolute
fuck kind of curse did you put on this
game oh my god go aside outside of
satisfy geez please please heal no way
was your sinus all from your guy staying
on the line with him opens with you only
hey no odd name on you have a you have a
problem oh why is for Tongan man why you
making my boys play to I bow does that
thank you thank you
oh you're probably got a score here you
know I can't stop these I hate you right
now was it yes so Campbell's big ugly
head got in the way
here we go I'm just gonna I gotta get
down here and then I gotta figure out
where the ball is gonna go once I get
Oh Oh
I'm actually gonna break this game all I
hear was shoot why did he do it cross
why are you not pulsing to us
this is gone it's gotta be go no I swear
to God the jewel some kind of fucking
jinx into this juju on you no stop stop
Oh like this children oh why you no
shooting because I can't get into the
place where I can show you oh yes baby
that is what I'm fucking talking about
it's what you're into you're gonna say
if you ever see me in person please ask
me where is JJ or where is chaos I do
the poop with this my face well that's
tweeted Jesse knows how much I love
people coming up to me saying where's
ksi and Lee I'm not good enough so you
ask him every time everywhere you go
well insomnia should be fun right 15
minutes left I'm gonna get gold no okay
I'm maybe maybe I'm not this is where
this is where I feel like all out
attacks are gonna come into play
you sit are you serious peel oh I only
have to it again have to tea wow you're
finishing has been absolutely terrible
all I'm doing is shooting though like
what can I do about that okay this is
actually ridiculous my defense doesn't
exist do you just play on but I know I
know it you're gonna pass it stop oh my
god
name off no no keeps kick why are you
not saving up oh Jesus you have no
minutes left are you sir are you serious
stop
Jesse Jesse oh that's gone over to baby
that's call number two for Ramirez right
there this is gonna be I've always
wondered what it would be like to shave
my asshole
any advice you're not gonna score
anymore now like if you score any no
Jesse no I'm gonna get
you know we're both a little attacked so
and I got the momentum but we're like
okay you might actually you might
actually might actually well I'm
finished I use it I feel that went over
for a second are you gonna get the other
one right post another why you upside
for Tonga and you're defending you
should know your side room oh it did
cause it what are you doing it oh is it
bad no I'm swooned oh you know when you
you blew the whistle you have to do an
extra tweet of you loss so for losing
what you're gonna tweet is okay ladies
dot dot dot would you consider four
inches big enough because that's what
I'm packing there we go so we get three
beautiful piece that is you Simon your
timelines gonna love that
now we're gonna go flower rematch on
Jesse's channel which you can check out
in the description I'm gonna fuckin
destroy her timeline we'll see about
that
that's all for today thank you guys for
watching and see ya wank stain okay we
see a chance we see a chance right know
what the boys what are you doing no how
does he keep getting through I don't
know how I'm gonna score against this
guy this team doesn't doesn't do
anything like I said though like is that
bread bread let me pull me down he
pulled it he's getting to go kick out of
that
well that's just fantastic what Bob this
is what I'm talking about
