you let me down lads
you let me down today is the day of
redemption this team will not fail today
you know why because we're upgrading
like a set now this team is worthy of
deficient one and I can't get relegated
again I beg top comment was Sanchez
telling me to buy him so we're gonna
have to wait till we have enough coins
as you know we need like five thousand
coins so for now we're going into
Division one again with Northstar first
game I need to win at least one today
let's do this
please Dante please please prove a game
is it's a good thing it's a very good
team but it's not the best I've played
so team do me proud
oh for fuck why are you running that
Tiago silver you little wanker okay we
see a chance we see a chance right know
what the boys what are you doing
No how does he keep getting through I
don't know how I'm gonna score against
this guy this team doesn't doesn't do
anything like I said though like a sack
I've been let me pull me down he pulled
it and you get a goal kick out of that
well that's just fantastic what fer this
is what I'm talking about like yeah the
missing all these shots but he gets
through so easily okay where we go there
we go see this face bah boom oh my gays
all I'm saying is the 79 rated lockers
that would have scored that I think I've
seen them through cities due to the food
citizen tab it Rev Penn just please just
give me something to please a bone
anything that no wait I don't want to
get blown by where this is last chance
top last chance of the half last chance
at a half wait wait Oh hiya doll for
Frick sake pie I said player earlier
yeah that just sums everything up I told
you he gets through so easily I do not
know how I'm gonna win this game it's
like what it's not these are ghosts this
guy's a ghost this guy is a ghost yes to
everything what the nah
Oh mistake mistake mate oh yeah this is
going under here I might hit myself in
the face of on chain two chains haha now
I'm starting to get into the fields now
I'm starting to get into
take that you know what was okay won't
you won't we went to that we won't take
that will take another okay get corner
corners fight cuz with the corner I
shall scored again unless he brings a
keeper out what what just happened why's
Gavin Louise complaining about his leg
when his whole body just flipped right
there we go let's see the vets and turn
up turn up turn up shop no wait that's a
foul I'll take that know what let's just
try it let's try it
um bang break your Baba tangs heads on
my date all my days vegetable no quick
bang oh good effort there you go there
you go there you go ah
Penza Bob ransom has been so shit oh oh
time to chafe okay take it there go
there Lavezzi Lavezzi Levesque ignore
why lag now why like now why lag now all
right all right one pen please bend some
onto something there you go there you go
you through luck is it a big I beg I beg
I beg I beg I beg nippers 79 rate
lacquers they wouldn't be scored that
one what what what what what what how oh
oh oh wait turning and then Lavezzi why
is that good so white
Oh baby Oh paper aisle paper aisle paper
paper paper paper come on please see you
soon see you soon please please be on
please be on please be on like a sec
this is a matter that you know it
doesn't matter what your name is there
it just get rid know what's going on
get rid bang that's gonna be it let's go
be it let's go be it you little poo just
there you go ah bang no why have you not
smacked D away no no
no no no no no no no he's got free kick
in the last minute oh wait no fuzzy no
he hasn't
we've got it I have no idea how won that
game but in the second armor definitely
destroyed him which means we have our
first three points and we need to win a
lot more games before we can start
thinking about that title but now it's
time for game two and we're playing PFC
Danny who has Avery ticular steam please
Benzema do more than you did in that
last game okay nope you're not going to
shit not basically it's good oh no
offside please please it's a goal
seriously I let in a goal in the first
four minutes in so many games I don't
understand Benzema Benzema bet nah
there's nothing on there's nothing or
whether wet and I pausa got Oh Benjamin
learn to play football noob wait wait
like I said like I said oh no why I
don't understand I don't understand what
you're doing with your life like it's a
Tonka wait oh oh yeah I understand what
your job is your life mate what's up
Ricky boy what a freakin ball that was
somehow and then I don't know how we
managed to get all that but always 100
particles sorry I know I know
I'm not so anymore I'm not something
like I set what the hell is that I don't
know how he just manages to go through
me like that he literally just runs
through and III need to work on my
defending of people quite a bit haha no
I tricked me he tricked me I don't know
what I'm doing with my life
I literally just fell for that I'm so
sorry and that's our time and again I'm
being pretty dominated but like last
time I'm not out of it okay nine less
well let's do this let's do this first
time cross back pose lack asset not what
us outside really sugar low and ask it
oh my god oh my god why are you not
changing player
what the hell get to a matter eenie Matt
Matt's reading a sit get to him and also
that was a ridiculous finish and he's
through
game over
Benzema so shit please tell me to buy
someone else
how does alibi keep up the blueprints
like on a real and Benzema why please
Benzema friends about that's a
ridiculous angle and you I know it was
ridiculous and we still miss ya yeah
there it is there's the goal for one
genuinely I'm not I'm not trying to say
it's all been Xander's fault but it's
all been through this fault so I'm not
in the best position anymore blind
predicted to get relegated and to be
honest I just can't see myself winning
this division I honestly thought this
team would be sick but it's slow and
Benzema shits and I know you're gonna
realize stop complaining the team's good
no it's not I'm playing badly but it
doesn't help that the team isn't that
good so let me know who you want me to
buy up eight and a half thousand coins
at the moment that's all for today
though you guys watching see you come on
handicap come on come on come on come on
boom Oh that's that's how we win games
those stats shots on-target what go out
Wow risen already I don't even know how
I'm losing all right yeah turn inside
tavini oh nice one nice what what the
hell was Oh jiminy up how is he getting
there
oh just
