guys what's going on and welcome to
football times PES it's not really time
I'm here today with Manny the PES pro
he's a professional what pairs in case
you guys didn't notice if I lose that's
my excuse what we're doing today is we
are going to be doing a variety of
challenges in the garden to do with
football each challenge is gonna dictate
how many stars we get to use for our
team so you know you get 5 stars out
there you get the first challenge is
moving keep yes there are six markers
that you have to keep you ups through
and if you stand in them you get a half
of star to the six links and get three
stars straight away three attempts of
this three yeah so if you go through all
of them you're already at three stars if
you go through like two of them you're
at one star one more alright so after
the God and good
oh that's one and a half stars two stars
oh my god two and a half stars 101 oh
he's done it now you just showing off
well that was surprisingly easy good job
you made it look too easy that's half
star salmon oh my gosh how did you keep
that you go go all the way back to the
second one I'm gonna say how did you get
away with that first one alright so
minimum like one star so far that's hard
that's 100 to a star up now so damn
boring gang right foot path star one
star
one and a half star to star Oh
two and a half star don't drop it oh
yeah
all right all right all right all right
the next challenge is normal keep er now
there's only one star available here and
only one of us begin it so we're gonna
get one attempt back ups and you have to
use no knees no shoulders so one attempt
whoever get some more one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven
twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen
seventeen eighteen nineteen fifty twenty
one thirty did tell you 30 24 25 26 27
28 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28
10 9 day tell you one day two day three
day four 35 36 pacem okay
39 40 41 42 43 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52
oh my god nah nah cut out stop I
currently have four stars you have three
you know well there's still to this
still another challenge and if I win
this one I get to use a 5-spot you get
to use a three-stone oh yeah you looked
at me like I'm supposed to be happy and
this is your game this is to touch we're
gonna play first two three points
whoever wins gets the next star and
you're good at this I know where do you
like to professional you have a series
on this stuff don't have necessary okay
you have multiple episodes there we go
oh goodness I did
okay hey nice to one do you win this you
win ready
Oh
ah all right now that wasn't meant to be
a that was gonna be all the challenges
but because it's four stars each I feel
like someone should have an upper hand
yeah I'm gonna do one final challenge
we're gonna get three attempts to
control the ball throwing you a
different height a bit higher whoever
has the best combined touches okay
attempt one go for it okay that was nice
that was nice
temp 200k those nice last one you gonna
mess us up oh he's got even higher knew
it absolutely knew it
tip one this all wasn't that high
hi I'm light work like work I attempt to
little bit higher yeah one like that
yeah oh can you give up though okay
you're such a short way you like this
way you like this way you like this way
that final one this one was high control
you almost quit but you know almost is
it's not it's a five-star team I get a
four-star team let's freakin go all
right so we got Valencia Club de f√∫tbol
ooh nice one nice inventive choice there
when s are you ready yep normal Pest
Control's
okay yeah you can deal with that yeah
why is the referee wearing my kid he's
basically wearing my kid okay
hey hey I told you guys what I say is
approach hey he's a big tackle oh no no
no no time and you're under pressure bro
no no all right this is how I play oh no
no that's not for me
no what's the challenge that was it oh
you stop toying with there we go there
we go there we go that's it that's it
see you later easy layups don't sit next
to you
no no no yes what I'm kinda messy I'm
kinda messy oh come on Valencia why are
you jumping the bean would you mean
that's like your second attack of the
game when you jump yeah that means it
means more I feel like I'm gonna lose
this now this always happens this is
what complacency does
Oh fine you're a sailor
what do you mean what say oh yes he is
yes he is nice wearing this sweater
oh yeah what no no no no no no a Yugo
don't know why do they smell play this
Oh what touch my team come get rid of
the ball let's import the ball but there
boom I'm here
how you gonna pull that make it a map
all right do you know yellow oh wow no
no oh right well that is all for
football times PES equals mani winning
so yeah thank you for thank you guys for
watching make sure you check out tests
it's now out and also check out many
subscribe Tim as I said he's the PES pro
so I don't have a good gameplay thanks
watchin and I mean grime I in know seen
mine or my sword that's my team if you
wait that more time you can off my
no kappa an x-man scream I'm a true
things that I'm old and I surpassed
hundred thousand sold Homer manager
this job I'm gonna take my tongue for
the road
