oh haha as if you guys think I'm gonna
take advice from someone who's in the
relegation zone ah shit I'm not gonna
buy him just yet purely because I want
freakin Thiago Silva stop a bit of him
of 800 and we'll see what that didn't
work we have two games left I have two
points to get the title so as long as I
don't lose I win the title and that
gives me 13 thousand coins so by the end
of today I will have the Agha silver and
I will have pepper checks but for now
we're using the Italian team let's see
how we spell a Quetta everything's going
wrong or I up the Arsenal way up the
arse out you go it's still got pink
storage now is that team I handicapped
do your thing come on let's go come on
handicap come on come on come on come on
boom oh that's that's how we win games
those stats shots on-target what go out
Wow listen ready I don't even know how
I'm losing all right yeah turn inside
tavini oh nice one nice what what the
hell was Oh to beat up how is he getting
there
I'll just piss off Sanchez this no stop
stop stop with your local asses
come on all I have to do is just just
win this game win one wicket or portal
blame plan plan plan plan
nip Ben he's giving it he's a busy man
I please can i if I screw this school
this I got you
all right where we go again I start that
tackle touch them and then he saw mr.
summers why okay vino vino savino's
that's a foul
dies Oh guys are foul stop giving it
down this side for real for real please
can you not can you just not dope that
should have been a penny to beanie on a
little ride no I didn't want to turn in
there iii-v know whether you where you
go intervene ery turn flips and shit
okay now he's got no no nothing just and
add a bitch why you whistle blow your
whistle blowing whistle blowing whistle
blowing whistle blow your whistle blow
your whistle that's fine okay halftime
100 I just I just want to draw and it's
pretty even so you know I will take the
pool they've seen him seen in - okay
thank such a baguette bagel cross for
Bono get yet on it read my book a
turnout turnout positi-- okay then the
DA bags wanna come short come short here
we go just attach it that's it and then
run in and you run away but
Ashley I got you mean you're gone cause
son cause son yeah yeah you knew that
was coming but did you know this coming
boom oh no ok it's true Yahoo hiya Bob
oh you got a little chops
little jog put them now gone godson put
him down what was that Barbra Barbra you
throw you through make get through Hoss
no wait wait mother how does he broke
everything there you go there you go
they go if I score this I win over the
title is gonna die go to one in the 90th
minute
and can play whistle whistle make blow
your there we go we've done it we just
want a title we've done it 22 points
30,000 coins so buying cheque is a bit
of a problem because yeah that there
aren't any checks Fastenal so I'm gonna
have to leave him for a little bit but
we have Thiago Silva so
it is done the team is complete so we're
gonna take this team that ice it's gonna
win Division one we're gonna play one
game now and I'm gonna win put me in a
good position to win Division now you
know what I trust this team you guys
bought me this team I trust you so uh
this yeah this yeah this this team yeah
why do I concede so early every game
corn Benzema Curitiba pizza MA but when
in what the hell was going on
seriously what no no no no no no no no
no that is ridiculous you know what I'm
just gonna go for a cross just go for a
cross the beds amok okay that didn't
work but it's still one it's still on no
it's not it's off I'm not really sure
how I'm gonna win this game to be honest
because he just he just like everything
goes to another what the Frick is me but
this game's the load of shit isn't it
oh-oh-oh
the cares identity just work and Benzema
just scored a ridiculous goal yeah I
know it was in thanks okay let's go
let's go where we go and where we going
where's the space but there isn't any
space so I just have to take a shot and
it goes over this brilliant thing I
think I've seen him through sort of
throw no I honestly forgot for a second
that I was losing that big oh there you
go there you go there you go there you
go
Hassan oh oh how does he save every
frickin thing seriously just cool just
close out the air I don't know how I'm
losing this one he's gonna get a yeah oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah they go boys oh how
is he just catching the eye Lucas just
run please please can someone get their
head or not no because I did a triple
tack because I'm an idiot and now he's
through with widget outer and as you see
he literally just walk past :
well this division looks like it's gonna
be a lot of fun doesn't it
his team is just too freakin good and
that is the end of my misery please can
you just there you go blow your whistle
that's a frickin horrible team he had I
honestly don't know how I'm gonna win
Division 1 because they just come up
against teams that are too good so they
have it that team didn't do me what I
thought it would do we've lost our first
game we got 9 games left in this
division hopefully I will at least
remain in the division but we'll have to
see over the next few episodes that's
all for today thank you guys for
watching let me know what you want me to
do cuz I have eleven thousand coins and
although I need to buy check but I
currently find it Vegas watching and
sooo let's do this
what is this why what like why why is it
so jagged come on ok please just get go
get a golf get gold please please please
sure no no no that's him that's he's
just quit he's quit please come on what
does that give me nothing it gives me
nothing was on that just great now we're
playing Matt FCX who has that team grey
eye no prisoners let's go come on
alright take it
