i anapa for some a place to relax
father's a place to party but for some
now while ago a group of us went to iron
a / and my dear friend calyx here did
not want to go on the slingshot ride and
I mean really didn't want to go on this
little ride I I've seen many other
people go on this ride calyx was still
reluctant but eventually it happened
right welcome to the slingshot I'm
having so much fun right now a few
moments later
we do the odds-on to get out of the for
fit person a chooses a number the lower
the number the higher the odds then
after counting down from three person a
and person B must say a number between 1
and the number chosen if they are the
same number then person a must do the
four fits you got it coming now we've
done in the adventure persona Channel
hahahahaha fucking gold
now we're going to go down a finish
round it's gonna be so much better
because a little Bloods gonna go to my
head you're a bright red and look like
how breezy
now you can either bake bread weh-weh
where did we coat it oh I'm late ho ho
mr. lon still dancing Christian punch no
no no no harder ah ah
if Knox on fire hi ready vana Kitty
getting forget I said nothing happened
