Yama's going on guys and welcome to a
PES 2016 demo video basically the guys
from Pro Evo came to our house the other
day me Josh and JJ played a few games on
the new PES they let us record it and
put it up so today I'm bringing you me
versus Josh tomorrow I'll bring you me
vs. JJ we then played a rematch on the
other person's channels to JJ's also got
a game against me and again against Josh
Josh's of the game against me and he
gave me as JJ and vice-versa so there's
a if you go check out those two there's
no loads of footage on there but yeah
this demo actually comes out sometime
just after I get back from games come
around the 12th to the 14th I think
something around then so be sure to
check it out but for now here is some
footage and yeah it's basically a game
between me and Josh so enjoy know if
knocks on the fire
hi Daddy
forget I said nothing happened well I
made my end yet but playing with
auto-ship in ecology ratio Simon come
before God babe I was drying oh I don't
know because he has a charm
what last one discussed are it's not
gone never gone like Neverland no that's
gone oh oh yeah yeah this is who is
deals with white man good I really want
to be
I've known for my man now now a
temporary also white man fuck your beard
that sounds jealous right now I'm gonna
wear this to pumpers yes well this life
let's rock through this game racist the
difference oh oh oh shit yo this is
American I can't skate the reef thank
you in USA versus Japan yeah no no no no
no we start again I want to play I would
like a trolley yeah it just wasn't good
that's you yeah can you everybody think
of something good
uh oh no no yo sirens oh wow Oh where's
it will kill him oh oh oh wow that's not
two girls really in it no that's not no
there's no no happiness comes to go to
Pharaoh you'll go look you bitch
so he can go you got so much is your
husband school a good game that's going
to get great game great game let's go
nice huh I'll do next up is another doll
made sitting on sit that no way to
compel baby this I will make you sit
down anyone I will make try it try it
go try
dang okay the money your beard down
someplace can't quit now
I don't say you do thank you just
remember throwing oh yeah point out with
that hello
so shake it then I can't take that away
Oh Franklin control is not working oh
the great prank
we going that who was it to see you
yah-tchi here we go here we go all boom
shouldn't must all this hungry dead
let's go this your OBC man snob - Yuri
manual shutdown on find that our buyer
you know what it just isn't a sort of
elder in it oh yeah Josh I think I think
that's it is it
I think that's it there you go Oh boom
oh gee I was keeper you take my thumb
back you really okay done hope to stay
here
yeah lick your muscles do the don't
judge challenge
will you be at all three days of
insomnia 55 I will be there
