yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to your ultimate team I'm in Division
two you guys told me that you wanted me
to buy King Fahd Stadium ah I I guess
there we go done we are still one player
away from dis freaking team and
potentially today we could win this
league which means we get enough coins
to buy Thiago Silva and the team is done
we're in Division one with the best team
I'm out of breath you know what we're
going straight into a game and our FC is
our first opponent we get a stamp that's
not standard team that is all that's
ways that I mean let's do this what is
this why what like why why is it so
jagged come on okay please just get a go
get a golf get gold please please please
sure no no no that's him that's he's
just quit he's quit please come on what
does that give me nothing
it gives me nothing was on that just
great now we're playing Matt FCX who has
that team grey eye no prisoners let's go
come on all right take it round him take
you around all right and then yeah yeah
that's nice that's not oh okay Barbeau a
bar bow a bottle what a bull and then
water what a great finish what a
absolutely stonking finish those servers
I didn't mean to fake Joe that we going
oh oh come on
hi Apollo what you gonna do from there
mate we're gonna do that's all you gonna
do you know chop and then I chop way too
much you know Selenia oh wait na na na
come on come on this happens too much
please please please cut up Savini Oh
Jimmy no oh come on
I am literally all over him tethers
please whoever thought I'd be winning
this me that's what no no no no no no do
not put him down now no no wait
weaponed wait no no you didn't you just
tried sucking him off you actually tried
sucking him off and Dunwich who would
have thought that I would be drawing
this game
not me That's not me not freaking me on
my day all my day
no oh when let know if this one's a pen
it might want to depend pasta girls
passed across its not really where I
wanted it wait no there's nothing there
not all pen as a pen thank you please
can I score this please please no
Barbeau a barbers - he's so he's so he's
good sir please
no how is he getting how is he getting
out of this fully deserved you say it's
not your liar
you know what we're not taking any more
prisoners we're just gonna we're just
gonna get a goal now we're just gonna
get a nice little go you ready for this
what is that
nah and you literally just save up you
set okay I dunno how is Miss I've count
my blessings lads are we forgetting that
this is for promotion if I win this game
we get promoted right here right now so
I need to win this so that I can win the
title today as well see me cause I've
seen you far side please this to end it
this to end it this is to end it that's
tender he's done it to kneel with this
moment EMU he's fucked up what the Frick
how what what what the hell no it is
lads
he's back in it where's the runs where's
the rose there it is
but no no we're going to stop hook
what's been on scene you farsighted you
fall so please be on leaves me on please
be on please be on put it and there it
is we frickin drew so we haven't got
promotion we have another game to see if
we can get promotion but we yet we can't
get the title today to wins or one
winning two draws on a tie
one win now and guarantee promotion the
Netflix and the guy we're going to
destroy jollies United and this is his
team right be plv BPL let's see how this
goes
Ashley actually come back in actually no
no you're not doing me with my trick
go on storage go on storage go on mate
I'll take the corner I'll take the
corner again as long as I'm putting
pressure on he can't score yeah
I hope that's the radius goal that's why
I take corners
oh wow Lori's how never do that for me
as I said though corners leather this is
a little tactic bringing clothes he
brings two men out that's two men gone
and then whoop haha okay okay ask me as
T he's off his line no no no okay
that's some great news that is some
fantastic freaking news was the runs
that's right okay no there we go there
we go okay now we're making some
movement now we're making some movement
yeah even now I was gonna go down there
did you oh you should have been there I
refuse enough please there you go this
time one near lot I'm not letting this
slip again please this one's actually a
lot closer I like this one I'm actually
surprised I'm winning the last one I
deserve to win phenomenal play
phenomenal bribe or go I asked to nil up
in the last game to nil up in the last
game I can't let this slip again please
play and play and play and play and play
over boom No ah he's not make them
storage how did you how did you say that
those that was like a bullet coming
close
now he's no more so I might as well then
surely do that in a bowl
what hold off from him scoring for a
little bit longer and have one that's
thus it's not I said I said don't let
him score and then I let him score I
let's see what you do now alright imma
bring someone in close what are you
gonna do you're gonna bring someone
that's what I thought
and I come front post and then BOOM hi
88 a minute I feel like I've won back
post I see you I see you boo I see you
turns out Ramirez what a touch and then
walk my players are on something you
know what this guy this guy is pants why
is this suddenly lag now where's going
up now what is actually going on was get
rid just end the game please I just want
I just need this win I just need this
win that's it I said we've done it 5-1
we got promotion so we got promotion we
have two games left to get two points
one win and we're done then we're back
into Division one I can afford Thiago
silver that team is poor and we will go
on to win Division one I promise
FIFA 16 is out soon so I actually have
to win Division one pretty soon so yeah
that's it for today thank you guys for
watching and see what I do I do I start
trying to cut in do I just cross what do
I do
help me people I run run run run run run
no not really you just give the out pace
like that that's cool that's all Oh
charge charge charge your bed doesn't
Bend that I saw that that was a pen
please Sherlock please can i I've gone
I've gone the same place I went last
time they scored it oh all right game on
bitch
