yo QA let's go why this hashtag because
the skin has returned I I don't know
anymore
how was Napa so if you didn't know I
went to iron after last week for like
the last eight or nine days hence why I
haven't been posting every single day
towards the last three days or so I got
pretty ill as well hence why I might
sound a bit ill but overall had a great
time and I am happy that I went but I am
happy that I am back now so that I can
carry on doing videos that is before I
go away to Germany though what was your
favorite part about your holiday
honestly I know it sounds cheesy but the
people I went with I mean like a big
group of people this is this is pretty
much everyone that went this is everyone
on the last day plus Vic and Harry were
out earlier during the holiday so
obviously there's a few the sidemen
there there's like Joe so Joe Weller
Tobias Kyle frizzy calyx and yet
literally I know obviously most people
are gonna be like I'll get drunk and
everything like that but I honestly just
enjoyed you know getting away from
YouTube for a bit hanging out with those
guys so yeah it was a really good trip
but as I said I'm happy I'm back now and
I can get back to making some videos do
the don't judge challenge
will you be at all three days of
insomnia 55 I will be there all three
days so we'll all decide men and
normally I'm about there with Josh and
some of the others from like half and
9:00 in the morning before opens till
like a couple of hours after it closes
we literally stand outside the venue
just in case anyone didn't get a chance
to like say hi or anything so if you are
there any day whatever day make sure you
come say hi I'm really looking forward
to it's like the only thing I have on
after games come for like a few months
so you know it's the only thing I've got
to look forward to so I'm going to try
and make it good favorite cow freezy
nickname I think I've got three favorite
nicknames for cow for easy now we did
this a lot anything I saw in that file
it's just called cow level is you like
count dentures cal restaurant cal slag
but my three favorite have to be Cal
Pringles Cal television and Cal tripod
Cal tripod it is Cal Trabert wins but
those three are definitely the winners
those three are just the best name so
feel free to go tweet him now with those
names what would you do if I'm proposed
to you in public don't say you'll be
blown away I mean I guess I would be
blown away
when will you do the setup video see
only a few things have actually changed
in my room so I don't know whether I
actually should do another setup video
but I am gonna change quite dramatically
quite soon like in a couple months or
something so maybe I'll do like an
update one where I'll just do my setup
now I need to tidy it first because it's
a bit dusty I'll do that and then in
like a month or probably two months I
think it is I'll do a new one and I will
have a lot of new it will look very very
different favorite grime artist that's a
easy one
easiest one ever it has to be of course
it is Cal fabreasy my favorite grandma
is Jamie no no a lot of people are gonna
be like oh you're not allowed to like
grime and stuff and I have no idea why
but basically I actually didn't like
grime for that long and I'm not gonna
deny it
I actually met Jamie through Josh and
that was like three years ago at
Eurogamer hey he was literally the
nicest guy ever and like cause of that I
knew a couple of his songs but cuz of
that I actually like started listening
to a lot more and yeah from then I
believed you just never stop listening
to it are you getting I'm a bellend oh
you mean this yeah this is JD's book by
the way for anyone that doesn't know oh
so the reason human genome fell out is
because of the one member of the pack do
you like the most
that's not a fair question in it because
I don't know how men to pick one of them
because I dislike all of them as much as
each other you know what we're going to
call it a tie between the whole of the
pack I like all of them equally except
Preston do an elephant dance for the
Illuminati confirmed song
I'm a stand up to this bully and just
try my best to win please please
there you go there you go there you go
there you go papa na right you know what
pervert papa nice nice nice nice pug bar
that has to be thank you even with noia
you can't stop that I don't actually
understand what the Frick was going on
how did I lose all those games
individual
