yah what's up and welcome back to your
ultimate team I left you guys last time
in this position have a look we are
secure in Division two now I know what
you think in Division two yeah we got
relegated we're now going for two wins
add two and that will get us promoted
the next episode of hopefully I win one
more get the title then I buy the Ligue
1 team and then I win Division 1 but
that is obviously putting it very very
simple and obviously I might not win a
game especially playing against that
team like Robyn Ibrahimovic Elmen this
is that is horrible this is cat
discounts bullying this could be
bullying i'ma stand up to this bully and
just try my best to win please please
there you go there you go there you go
there you go haha nah I you know what
Papa Papa nice nice nice nice pub bar
that has to be thank you even with noia
you can't stop that I don't actually
understand what the Frick was going on
how did I lose all those games in
Division one like they're not that much
better surely I know obviously there's
gonna be a difference between frickin
division 1 and division 2 the Dow oh
this much like I'm destroying how the
hell was he just found by that please
please please bro oh yes this is why
we've gone out wide he's gone out wide
we played it back to juvie yo javi neo
Paul and open goal please thank you to 3
3 neo playing through there you go there
you go there you go son there ya go
so there's nip what ok can I can I
actually get a shit off that cool and
that is halftime we are winning three
nil and it is deserved I know it says
that he's had a lot of shots but it is
dessert everyone our place seems to love
a good comeback you know they're not
they I do it but they love a good combo
alright there you go there you go ah
boom SiC finish from Davina a real
powerhouse you know what Gervinho is
actually my new favorite playing so ah
really I let's see a barb oh let's see
you do something you know you're not
doing anything the bob i we actually
have a chance now we actually have a
chance seeing you back post all right
okay Pogba that was ridiculous you even
got a shot off
fair play mate if you want to score this
one as well feel free mate though no see
everyone does this ridiculous although
no one normally does that I come on a
barb Oh for real let's actually do
something that's actually just actually
yeah no just no not that what is what is
going on I don't actually know what's
happening what the fuck oke bruh in this
about 87 minutes I've won why is it he
quit no stop why do I keep doing that
why do I actually know I need to stop I
need to learn some self-control please
I told you everyone loves an epic
comeback they just leave it too late
it's the 89th minute mate seriously
you're still you're still trying just
still freaking trying this just learn
your place like right wow that is easy
actually blue full-time we won though we
are nine and a half thousand coins we
need one more win to get promotion or
two more wins be a title and we will
have enough coins at a Ligue 1 team
nothing else to say like that I've run
out of things to say right now because
I'm waiting for that Ligue 1 team and
they get injured sick lucky we have the
BPL team and a VBL team will easily be
able to beat Harrah's on starve even
with those freaking players playing such
good teams now you know what I'm sick of
these good teams I am sick and tired are
these good teams thinking that they're
good although I'm calling them good it
didn't really make sense you know what I
mean it's it's just annoying as hell
okay no no come on des Vosges she come
on come on to boogie come on come on
alright alright there you go dig it no
come on des Baux she come on mate come
on
oh god ah you didn't even wait for that
there's nothing really do from here
femur is it's just okay okay okay okay
oh geez who the nut Kosta you are a
striker
you should score why are you coming out
why the Frick did you come out I didn't
the whole triangle
ah boys boys boys and girls I don't
think I'm gonna win this guy
I mean I'm not gonna I'm not gonna say
I'm not right now because you know who
knows what happened especially if I care
a bit of lag they love putting harder
games when you're about to win the title
that's what I've noticed as soon as you
like gets the promotion stage they make
every game so much harder okay go on
start go on stage
finesse wait wait wait wait wait okay
there you go AB no wait your why is
happening what know what thought no
really you went to that guy okay now
this is getting a bit ridiculous I know
you I know you're turning it we all know
you're turning in what the are you doing
surely half timer then I don't know what
to do I'm losing one nil and to know
it's a pretty even game there's just
nothing to this game okay now I actually
need to like have a chance and this guy
is just he's just shutting everything
off he's not he's not okay he is having
a couple chances but it's not like you
know it's not a destruction at all I do
I do I start trying to cut in do I just
cross what do I do
help me be able I run run run run run
run no not really
you just give the out pace like that
that's cool that's all Oh charge charge
charge blow then there's a pen that I
saw that that was a pen please Sherlock
please can i I've gone I've gone the
same place I'm at last time they scored
it oh all right game on bitch there ya
go there ya go Shelley Shelley
boom Pat pen pen that's another pen
listen another but I just I use the same
guy it's the same guys or not that was
now doing n no Jerome Boateng and now
they both have yellows I it's a goal or
is it is it is it is it bitching maybe I
can't believe I'm actually winning this
game I've come literally from nothing
it's a 2-1 this is how we do this is how
we do this is how we do Naz a bit too
far okay that's fine that's fine
sugar what how you Linnaean what what
what what what how seriously that is
that's just I don't I don't know what
has just happened no you don't deserve
another one no I know that you're not DJ
Khaled you're not getting another one
you know again another it was all going
so well
it was literally going perfectly I'd won
five out of five games I mean yeah I
didn't deserve to win it's as simple as
that though hopefully next episode I
will get promotion and the title and
that will give me enough coins to buy
the League One side if there I need
justice joy to make to know this not
really much you can do because I need to
buy that team and that will be almost
all my coins away so we have about 9,000
coins left after that let me know the
most like comments will be the one I
choose and I will be back from holiday
about to record another one before I go
on another trip to Gamescom that's all
for today thank you guys for watching
and see up he's missed another haha if I
win this game I'm gonna be so surprised
you know because at the moment I can't
even I can't do anything he deserves to
be winning what Shirley Shirley he's off
surely he's up how was he on side
DeMaria simmer it Chuck alright now that
wasn't a chop wait still got it still
got it
no what just whack it in why give up so
much beauty how is that know it blow
your whistle with blow your
