welcome back to the best Ultimate Team
series a play Josh your aliases went
head-to-head now today it's time for me
to take on Toby Laurel to a team at
versus his pack a punch obviously
there's gonna be a little bit of
difference in teams maybe not who knows
but there's only one way to find out
which is the ultimate series and that is
to put the teams against each other and
see who can win let's see how it goes
Toby I'm coming for you I sew Toby's
pack-a-punch team he has an all gold all
gold and all rare and 100 chemistry now
this is a lot better than Josh's but
mine is still better and that's not me
saying I am better that is me just
simply saying my team is a higher rated
team so I have the advantage sugar oh my
god okay Toby is yeah Toby's like my
kryptonite I sounded gay you guys decide
let's go run run see Maria see Maria oh
oh oh no no no no no wait ha what what
we're gonna a goal against Josh can I
get an early goal against Toby no I
really can't
oh good let's start one meal maybe I
can't get that early goal all right one
Neil I'm trying to prove to you guys
that I should be in Division one still
trying to prove it that's the Zulu Gaza
are you mad
okay run run Willie Ann look is that
toupees what he's got mad pace you
should be good debate Oh sugar sugar no
no no no
oh my daddy's made me look silly he's
making me look silly here see why I
always find about Toby right is that he
plays probably the nicest football out
of all of us but I think I'm his
kryptonite as well you boss I'd seen you
far side to do but okay that's not no
that's yeah wait Oh doesn't matter
anyway no this is what I'm talking about
this is what I'm talking about he plays
some nice football but
Shh ah there's nothing of notes of score
that one cuz he always relays my foot
will be he never scores against me pass
I passed I passed I passed I doubt do
that'll do Pig
that'll do rat are you mad okay
oh oh oh wait run a little bit oh I lost
it
pen please no no I made a run across
where the round there you go no that's
not where I put it down the
bottom that's it that's it halftime
that's it halftime 1 or I'll take one oh
it's pretty even right now yeah he
hasn't had a shot on target some that
doesn't make any sense
but if you add his goal on is very very
even the next goal is very very very
very what no no no no no how has he got
to draw no no I didn't even press
anything again I didn't get read but he
has a penalty and this is the tape the
lead now Toby Tucker all right you know
what you know what we're gonna be just
now we're going to have a line mate
we're going down the line get a crook
that was a genuine cross from William I
watch them in I guess pen thank you
thank you I don't know what to do now
because he just smashed it down the
middle like slightly to the left I might
do the same
yeah yeah yeah is a little heartbreaking
but I mean let's just hope let's just
pray that I can just win this game
anyway
storage storage storage stop rest rest
wait wait oh oh storage with a beautiful
oh my god what what what no not again
you can't have another penalty it's just
been shambolic isn't it realistically
yep there he goes three penalties three
no no no no what are you doing to me
Toby
Oh mistake made new pose there it is I'm
sorry - I'm so sorry I'm so so sorry
that is not his fault at all
somehow I just got a lucky bounce there
and it's just history now what Oh
what the hell just happened sir that was
ridiculous and he's trying it he's
trying it mate he is trying too much
that is a fantastic tackle make the runs
make the runs make the rut kick no you
know what there's nothing on
distribution you getting across in
you're getting across in dirt take the
corner 90th minute corner he's gonna
bring his keep rising these there it is
there's the ball no right turn in turn
in and then you get cross in and there
it is
what oh no that's it but I see it that's
actually it or is it or is it or is it
what is it what is it babe no wait no oh
my god I've just lost the ring to tell
you what I know Toby's really good but
his team's actually pretty decent so a
lot of those players that you're kind of
like lower rated but they're sick on
people but anyway well done sir Toby
Fairplay has a series called Packer
punch which is the team we played but
you can find it on his channel which
I've left a link to in the description
be sure to check it out and subscribe
while you're there thank you guys for
watching and see you oh oh oh go dun dun
Fordow is a G I a lot of people wanted
this game and I know you're gonna be
lovely
team so much worse but people wanted to
see it okay what's he doing what's he
what's he doing with this pause what is
he doing ah he's made a sub where I
luck is there I know how much he loves
like is there oh oh oh oh I feel like
this game basically just
