what's up guys welcome back to your
ultimate team in the past couple days in
fact yesterday I played Josh you can
check that out on my channel and now we
are just carrying on with the series and
the top comment was this now I'm sorry
guys but I'm actually gonna have to
ignore this just because purely because
we haven't even finished our other team
we are in Division two we've won our
first game and we are carrying on and I
need probably another three four games
then I'll be able to afford Thiago Silva
so until that team is complete I will
not be buying anyone so next episode as
well I'm also going to be away so I
won't be able to look at the comments I
know I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry but
for now let's get into again so we're
playing Cornetto ahaha Zola let's do
this BPL team come on we can win this
game I need to get promoted again while
storage come on come on look it up look
at her run look at our don't wait wait
wait no I should have got there I do my
redeemer I seen him sooner he's through
he's through why did he take so okay
that was a ridiculous finish just about
to complain about how he didn't carry on
running no stop solo stops Oh last stop
well how how was he okay
Daboo she is on a mad one right now
really really can it really that is
that's just fantastic isn't it although
I didn't get the win so you know two
more wins and I'm safe in this division
I guess you go for the second game
against famous eleven are they actually
well course a famous the footballers
alright let's do this again come on this
is this is pretty much secure my
position in this division ah we got a
game on here you know this guy's
actually quite decent although DeMaria
is not like I know this is all what he's
pretty good what stuff
Farge is going on how was it getting
through here there you go there you go
there you go Willie I'm pleased with the
end now wait no seriously where does his
team just come from they're just
everywhere
how are they doing this I'll start those
there you go there you go there you go
please please yoga no eulogies not the
lean this is my first chance of the game
release at the ball the whole time but
he hasn't really done anything
oh boy also story just actually got
through he's actually got through he's
actually got through storage please
please I know you're probably saying
this because I can't score because he's
quite good but this guy is genuinely so
boring storage storage storage storage
storage ref ref come on come on
okay wait what what's got it's given our
time for that see who I mean these
warrant Irish storage storage boom wait
wait no no that was the weakest shot I
actually tried to cancel it as well turn
it Ramirez Ramirez removes - yes somehow
that just proves that you don't need
power to school you just gotta be about
three yards out go go go go you know
what just smash it across and they get
the rebound there you go Rojo really oh
no oh no no no no no no no that's it God
he's mr. ha ha if I win this game I'm
gonna be so surprised you know because
at the moment I can't even I can't do
anything he deserves to be winning what
surely surely he's off surely he's up
how was he on side DeMaria simmer it
Chuck alright now that wasn't a chop
wait still got it still got it no what
just wacky wacky Bob so much good beauty
how is that no it blow your whistle blow
your whistle blow your whistle come on
that's it he's done it he's done it he's
just won another game big big win
because one more win and I am securing
this division three more wins and we're
promoted and I've got seven games to do
it might as well have another game I
gained two Jenko United it's going well
so far and I come up against that come
on let's do this I want to make this guy
quick quick hi Jovie neo is the main
threat in the theme you know let me just
just continuously runs what he's on he's
on all right no no no no no yes I push
them out why they push them out wide
make the tackle
how ha ha ha ha how is he getting a free
kick for that no I just have this weird
feeling that he's going to be so good at
the bill going through juvie no what did
I say is the threat and that's because
he's cause I don't have luck with
penalties I'm not gonna school the time
I'm not gonna say about me okay I do
have some like I have lots of like lots
and lots of luck Divini I want a nice
they'll run again right was this
ah the winds that that was a retarded
tackle you know what not Judy neo has
been involved in every single thing he's
scoring this and when I say it's scoring
I mean what do I mean I mean burying in
the top corner I come on listen I said I
want to make him feel I said I want to
make him quit there's the low cross and
goal done that's a goal what the fuck
no that's just no come on it's cuz it's
45th minute there's just come on but I
swear he hasn't even had a shot yet and
he just scores that and you just blow
your whistle now mate can you just blow
your frickin whistle can you please just
blow your frickin whistle like this is
ridiculous how he's even getting that
chance
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Divini OCHA video is
so good and there it is that's halftime
I told you you had another shot on
target to like oh I just want him to
quit to be honest I don't want it to
waste my time anymore not stop I said
stop this yeah look you go in the wrong
way you're doing the skill to wrong way
maybe they use that shouldn't have even
gone that close
why does everyone do that why does
everyone always have a player that it's
really
really frustrating because I'm just no
I'm just trying to I'm just trying to
win there you go mate there ya go there
ya go
no wait Savino Savino I don't know how
he manages to get through all the time
okay now Reuben Casco is really Stein's
do not foul him again do not get enough
why used to weird okay yep there's the
goal there that's why you're still here
cuz you want the coins what the Frick is
going on I've done Howie I thought how
he's doing this it's gonna come back go
on Ashley go on Ashley son go on get a
crossing boom there you go past her all
right
Oh barb Oh a barb oh no you didn't we
didn't touch the bull dobar boat surely
that is it aye aye he might get one more
he may he may get no he's not getting
one but he's not getting one more that
is no okay maybe maybe is maybe maybe he
is he's not he's not getting any more
that is game and now secure the place in
Division four wins out for two more wins
which hopefully will be next episode and
as I said don't bother commenting any
players or anything or liking trans
comments for this week because I am away
right now and I'm not gonna be able to
read it on the next one too because then
I will be back to do the next one that's
all for today thank you guys for
watching and soup
whoa there it is and then first time
cross all right I'll take that I'll take
I'll take a corner take corner 45th
minute corner I want some cheese on my
burger good where's the cheese wait wait
actually actually oh no actually
all right let's what's this what sighs
what's up that's not no wait ba ba ba ba
ba ba well that's that's just that's
just that's just great
