what's up guys are welcome to a Ultimate
Team slash special episode because the
day this is the War of the Worlds kind
of basically me and a few of the other
Simon are challenging each other to a
game where we are using our Ultimate
Team suit so I myself have your ultimate
team Josh has packed out etc etc and we
are playing against each other with our
teams now obviously I think I actually
have the best ping but we get a lot of
comments saying of this person series
bed and this one this one's better than
this one so we are here to end that
obviously this doesn't actually affect
you-know-who series is better but just
the team today the first opponent our
plan is Josh or zurka here's a series
called pact out which don't know what it
is go check it out basically it's a
completely pact pulled team over a huge
series he's in Division one
I just got relegated from division 1 so
there's only one way to settle which
team is better a game let's go Josh okay
so my first opponent is Josh and his
team isn't very good now the obvious
reason but he is in Division one he is
doing better than me which may prove
that he is better than me at FIFA I
guess we'll see now why I saw big Dale a
day is our big big day come on Josh
let's go let's go
our the shade really pisses me off for
some reason I don't know don't play your
division one football just cuz I got
relegated alright and I see I see how is
I see how it is hard the pace the pace
to Moodle the pace oh oh oh oh oh the
weight da I'll take the corner the
pressures on already josh is feeling it
oh I got a little chance of got a little
chance
oh oh oh go dun dun Fordow is a G I a
lot of people wanted this game and I
know you're gonna be lovely team so much
worse but people wanted to see it okay
what's he doing what's he doing what's
he to with this pause what is he doing
ah he's made a sub right Oh luck is
there I know how much he loves like is
there oh
Oh Oh I feel like this game basically
decides his fate insufficient one
because if I beat him he should get
relegated from Division one oh he's
through he's through a Dallas goal goal
number two is we called to DES oh okay
Josh she's getting a bit brave now no no
okay I was a little bit cocky I should I
shouldn't be that cocky okay okay I can
deal with one goal you know one goal
that's it it's only one for down the dow
is a g what did i say put up it up right
that's it that should be it that should
be it as soon as it goes off that should
be halftime is it nope he's still
getting a goal kick i that must be it
that must be halftime what the what the
Frick is going alright know what right I
can capitalize on this there you go Bret
ref ref God dalia blows we are both
being pretty clinical every shot that's
been on target has been a goal but I can
smell okay I can smell a change of
momentum he's making another sub who's
that who you bring on Josh brings on him
catarrian I don't know how you say that
name what the Frick now that's a goal we
scored up but like where the hell you
just literally just pushed really near
fall Jillian he literally just has a
spaz out on the pitch
Oh oh my god Wow Giannini oh um nice one
man nice one
okay a bar bow with the little plate no
who's that who's that
actually he's risking it we play he's
playing risky mate you're playing risky
look at this look at it look at a
pressure you've caused oh oh oh oh no
wait no I was offside anyway oh my day
he's really he's really got a chart
there he's actually got a chance I'm out
what do this I run Jamelia run surely
they can't catch it alright I just turn
in turn no please seen you far side seen
you far side alright wait you turn in
waiting up oh yeah what can I do this
illusion one Josh is still there I want
another goal
bah bah bah bow just outmuscles in a bar
bow not what
why did you Josh why did you not think I
was going to turn in of sugar zombies
darn a business study weddings on ice
care for one final attack is going for
one final attack isn't gonna work it's
not it's not gonna work blow your
whistle okay it might work though it
might still work oh no no no no no no
get rid get what what am i doing
that's it done done game for two
obviously Josh didn't have a worst team
but he actually is in Division one
I just got relegated but anyway if you
do not know what Josh does on his series
it's called packed out I'm left a link
to his channel in the description below
make sure you check it out thank you
guys for watching today and soo-ah
corner with Hodge there we go there's
the repose there was no whip harsh but
Ashley Ashley on the left on the left
little like get rid of this get rid of
kids kids users use right now run run
run
there you go just get it a Volvo and run
all right don't run no whatever it's got
rep ref come on there you go there you
go there you go and then one more one
more
