what's up guys and welcome back to a UK
vs USA pack and play you're probably
wondering why this is so clear right now
is basically because if you didn't see
yesterday in my vlog I am may have
smashed my camera so yeah basically the
footage corrupted for this pack and
played so this is actually recorded
after the whole thing I still have all
the footage I asked you guys in my vlog
whether I should upload it without face
cam and you guys all said yes so I'm
uploading it now hopefully you guys
enjoy it anyway but don't worry it will
be back to normal and it'll probably be
using this camera which is much better
quality so yeah hope you guys enjoy the
video and yeah see you I guess hey come
on first pack come on first pack I need
a pic I just want a goalkeeper don't
even care about picture oh wow shit I
got shoves me a zookeeper he's not
terrible for now oh I sit in the club I
hate when I do that I'll remember him
though the rest I get issues though to
choose to put on my action squad go keep
doing the coins and I don't have them as
I do okay I think I'm either go for
Syria or BP LTE and I get a stereo
player oh I should get Philip Lahm
please that man in the ogre squad all
right Pat three three two one I've got
the glitch and okay that didn't work did
you just open a rain impact no that's
just I just backed out all right three
two mines opening now screw it let's
just go I've already got a goalkeeper I
didn't show you in the last bag I got
big a bitch well I may have shown you
but okay we okay no Joe didn't I oh my
god it did the fucking glitch back ah
right you might get ultimate pack oh I'm
so happy I went with a ppl team oh I
have to go bang me and I open a
completely wrong pack Oh see I was
tempted to go for the serie a team and
in that case I could have potentially
used the Kadir I just got the Avensis
but what said I'll use my 88 liters no I
just pack bail oh my god
see I was just about to lead you I was
about to show off about schweinsteiger
oh come in it's steal my thunder oh my
God my face is rinser anything alike as
red as a lobster I know the most Thunder
has been stolen
oh you just got bail I final back you do
yeah oh I got nobody that I actually
need to be honest you lied to me I
didn't get bail yeah I didn't get bail
you know like I thought you might get
bill but it wasn't a hundred percent
guarantee an Ida Schneider all right so
the teams of the built mine is kind of
based around that Schweinsteiger in the
middle full BPL team Jessie how's your
team looking well I didn't anyone
chemistry but the best the shining part
that is actually gonna play that I got
bail he's gonna be playing I'm pretty
excited about it it's actually a 65
all right first look at the teams and
your team yet that stupid bail right
look at your shiny Hilux dick though it
seems quite good actually I stopped the
bail stop the bail you guys stopped him
gonna do sty Husa Joe give to focalize
enemy ah I ref can you pushed our voices
little man why would you do that to him
he took full advantage of the change
positions than you times bus it's clever
oh there's clever it's playful I changed
him because I was trying to get better
chemistry but yeah unfortunately it
floats
cinnamon if he's gonna be a shit sort of
it anyway this is all that is know is
that the photo yeah wait
we have Jules opposed yeah we do all
right red bars oh here we go
are you ready for this pain ah oh good
what come on
are you eating me rest oh no yes Jimmy
get drugs I making subs already Oh does
she
I'm not somebody went on I just made the
valence right Oh you not - oh no I
3030 so it is okay here you go can you
guys all right ready Sina false ID
notice where do you see that's the thing
I'm talking about what was it no oh no
I've read that maybe tag out though you
didn't so many good tackles that be no
are some but oh the block great book
great what can you do that
Oh devote your phone suppose place about
wait he plays my my Buster you know this
bicycle hello wait Oh what are you doing
shrine II come on now come on
no wait play them again and then session
less ridiculous
say bye-bye bail okay there's my life
forever forever aerosol young brake
tackle great challenge Cahill he is a
baby
Oh what that's halftime it's half times
it's not hard time GZ I'm destroying
with that 53% possession little there
you go shiny there you go trying to
shine he's having a shot he's having a
shot you know what I smell ah I can play
those two Simon Lee William oh hello
want the phone
too obvious and pretty much is going to
bail o-ring what my tags are help is
that defender throwing no no no this
going in boom
oh my gotta get mega mega bitch in the
fucking fuck what the fuck you doing
bitch
the focus is wrong oh my god all three
oh my god oh that's a challenge you
don't give up oh my god in a bit I won a
record oh my god I love the moon don't
take your time Belle don't you do that I
see you fucking me marking good luck
that's what I'm saying it's good luck oh
it's going in it's going in oh yes baby
there you go there you go son there you
go Morales Morales what's happening
right now it's lagging
ah lag with harsh with harsh against
enshrining Rivage I'm familiar with the
header to 110 man done I can't believe
you have a red card and you're still
like somehow no way you're actually good
with us he always funny yeah I hate your
huh that's like good that's how you do
take it back Oh
Shen's knee team bill if you want to
stay on the team you don't wanna get
discarded you keep oh my god you hurt
him on you hurt my right right right
and then go do that no no that should be
I fell anyway you grabbed on to the back
of his can't like a little turd no turn
around it makes it happen you know oh no
oh no okay go to him good - this is bad
really bad yes let's move that's what
I'm talking about the faux cinemate the
faux blue media
oh it's continued go continue
get going everybody go we get everybody
do Oh God thank God I saw it happening
but thank God oh it's gone he's gone
he's gone already - just stop with his
gold they all failed yes I really hate
mega-bitch deformed a book nobody to
phones up no no no wait it goes out
release us go to phone go oh my god oh
my god oh my god just fell over like
that's this one I'm talking about this
is the shit that I'm talking about why
have you taken an extra touch it was
like 4v1 oh my god any rose were in the
90th minute no sir no sir you nuts
brother David that's just bullshit
that's just bullshit what is that
fucking shattering I bet is lag like
fuck is - or 95th minute your lover in
here if I score if I score that's it
let's go with and then I'm the screw to
get Michael a couple just cuts it we
have to Jessie tactic so you're not to
fire go yeah Oh chesty that's it please
tell me this game what do we do then do
I get to keep my bill I think I think so
that is freaking retarded that that's a
draw that is like the first time in ages
that we have drawn but it does mean that
you get to keep your baby I so if you
guys want to see the rematch you'll be
in the description and on Jesse's
channel thing you guys for watching and
see ya Oh corner with Hodge there we go
there's the repose there was no way posh
but Ashley Ashley on the left on the
left the little like get rid of this get
rid of keeps kids uses use right now run
run run there you go just get it a Volvo
and run all right
don't run No
it's got red wrath come on there you go
there you got a gun then one more one
more on
