yah what's up guys and welcome to a vlog
now I wasn't gonna vlog today I was
going to a fifth video and but if you
can see that just there that is what
remains of my camera so basically I'm
going away in a day or so rather that I
know what day this is because of that I
need to do loads and loads of videos to
get ahead so that I can have a video
what three videos every day including my
second channel hence why I am uploading
there right now while also rendering a
video also hence the mess like that's
why there's clothes and stuff like that
all over the place
those are pants by the way that's not
like a naked man just that but basically
we went on a mad recording session
yesterday we recorded from something
like I think it's about half eight at
night till 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning
about halfway through my camera
literally just packs up and leaves he
just breaks and I don't know what broke
in it but I tried everything to please
reset it change the battery I did
everything okay don't don't question
then I realized oh the camera's broken
the I can't record face cam anymore
no that wasn't it the SD card inside it
became corrupted which meant I lost all
footage of my face cam so I haven't seen
a video for tomorrow which I want to
know what I just still post with a lot
of face cam but it's quite a good video
if I should post on let me know in the
comments then that also meant that I
lost the face cam for like seven random
game videos so the next like four of my
random games on my second channel on a
face cam and the zombies which we did
also kind of corrupted a little bit so
it flashes out every now and then it's
been like the worst recording sessions
ever good content but just everything is
trying to me up but basically
because that all got corrupted and the
camera was broken I got really really
angry and ended up just throwing the
camera and yeah this is this is what
remains so does the actual camera like a
I don't know I don't it's not gonna look
like that but I think that's that's the
screen I think and then that's the
casing and then there's also that I
don't know what eyes but yeah this
camera is not going to work which means
I'm probably going to use the camera
that I'm holding right now and to be
honest this is a much better camera I
don't know why I using it before pop in
fact they it cuts out everything
in minutes but it was about time I
stepped the standard off the camera on
the videos so I'm going to be using this
now the other thing I wanted to say is
basically that I am going to be away
which I've already mentioned for about a
week then I come back to mark two days
and I'm often Gamescom so yeah game
videos ahead for all of that is it's
pretty tough because let that's
literally 36 videos just for Napa and I
don't think I'm gonna be able to do that
so I'm gonna try my best and try and get
three videos a day but if there are days
missing then I just want to know that I
just want you to know that is what I
mean hopefully I'll be able to do some
videos out there I might try and vlog
like get to vlogs while I'm out there be
honest about it
after that don't worry I have no more
traveling until while I go dance omneya
which some of you are going that's not
really traveling apart from that I don't
have anything on for a while so as soon
as I get back I will be going in the
videos and if you guys want any
real-life videos and you have ideas for
it let me know in the comments so that
is all for today obviously as I said
wasn't gonna vlog but a fat piece of
 but yeah that is all for today and
if you want me to upload that leave the
video I will otherwise I probably won't
have time to make a replacement video it
will just be nothing instead see if you
want to tweet me whether you want me to
upload that video or not let me know it
will be basically it's a pack and play
with Jesse or fang-banger and then if
you want to put in the comment any real
life videos you want to see that is all
for today so thank you guys for watching
him at this boring video I'm sorry oh
yeah see
