gonna get relegated I've three games
left and after win all three if I want
to stay in this division amazingly I'm
relegated into division two welcomed by
dogs of a team and we're in some dire
times right now because grad two teams
we need two more plates for the final
team but we are going to get rid of
gaited also free pack gone Oh a thousand
coin which means we have enough to sear
ago and we are down to one player which
is Thiago Silva as I have said before
he's like ten thousand coins that after
this division I'll be able to buy it now
before I get into a game if you guys
haven't seen recently me and Spencer
have done a series together on his
channel which you get out in the
description is a little trailer for it
via feel free to check that out if you
want to but for now we are playing J
boothy KFC and he has a standard Serie A
Team I don't know why even bother
anymore
I'm relegated but as I said that means I
have nothing to lose and you don't want
to play me when I have nothing to lose
CEO juvie neo jhemini Oh jiminy oh shoot
please please mr. ball how the hell was
he still with the ball no do not no no
no no no right let's go worse around
where's the runner he's read that all to
us the way nobody meets it no I don't
know what I'm doing anymore something's
just gone in my FIFA brain I don't know
what it is okay they're yellow your
fight a bad save didn't make sense the
city literally like dived under it Oh
corner with Hodge there we go there's
the repose
there was no whip harsh but Ashley
Ashley on the left on the left the
little lag get rid of this get rid of
keeps gives users use right now run run
run there you go just get it a Volvo and
run all right don't run no whatever it's
got rep ref come on there they go they
go and then one more one more and then
touch up with up what that kind of
bullshit right there is the reason I'm
getting relegated it makes no sense
oh there it is and then first time cross
all right I'll take that I'll take I'll
take a corner take corner 45th minute
corner
I want some cheese on my burger don't
where's the cheese wait wait Ashley
Ashley oh no actually
alright let's what else this what sides
what's up that's not no wait
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba well that's that's
just that's just that's just great
and I'm not winning and now the momentum
is gonna change he's gonna win which is
a bit of a problem because I have to win
to stay in
what the fuck this is what I said this
is what I said look you're all buddies
actually it's dr. Gary get rid oh my god
really I save it off the line and he
just scores the corner please run Tevez
just run just run just run just run just
run you know what you know what you know
what boom
please no no no no no no no I need to
get out of this division and back to
reality okay I got one goal and that is
gonna be that that's gonna be the end of
the game unless I can you know maybe get
chance now but I really doubt it
although he is completely open although
that is a horrible horrible past Wow
that's what I mean that's why me where's
my cheat where is my cheese huh
where's Cook no that's that's my tennis
doesn't do that touch that's all I'm
saying there you go no wow wow and
that's it that's it it's done game over
Oh only of 6,000 coins as work I'm gonna
Ford freakin Tiago silver screw it we're
going in with the BPL team division -
here we come
I let's do this division - team it
shouldn't be any better than little
really high let's just have a go I guess
then come on storage come on come on
come on come on storage come on come on
na hi this is going to be a painstaking
match but I am determined to win because
I have been knocked down a peg
and I need to something about clothes
pegs I Ramirez Ramirez on a run Ramirez
on a run all right now who's that who's
like the bushy the bushes going over our
what the fuck his team is the team is
too good
ok I'll do that I'll do that I'll do
eyes turned two of them and then he
crosses into the air will Gustav there
was de Maria I was the Maria all right
there you go then past it than you Diego
Costa wait turns in and then finish ok
I'll take it I mean I'm never gonna
complain about scoring a mice Shirley
Shirley come on Shirley come on Shirley
Shirley wait there you go come back and
then no I took what you really did it oh
no name for Diego Costa please run in
Diego where are you why are you standing
back there you little Mel hi let's
actually have a little movement now
let's have a little movement there it is
there's the near post drug boom there it
is Willy on what that what that nice
Ramirez nice
Ramirez on a run Ramirez's on a run mate
Ramirez on a run 3 little Wiggles of
Ramirez I will yeah let's try a Ramirez
run shall we try Ramirez run try Ramirez
run look at this look at this look at
this dive you made it through the middle
of those two so that is half time some
of you are probably arguing I don't
deserve to be winning but um shut up
this actually just go for a whip harsh
there's the way Podge there's their
goodness my days the whip arch is on
point today what the hell how does he
get no not that that kind of shot like
Lori says save so many can't let that
kind of shot okay they'll do okay now
that'll do that'll do didn't really want
that there there you go and down the
line down the line Willie on boom and
bang seen in far side seen in far side
oh my days you know real fuck finish it
well III leavin I'm just no just no
grass storage storage beautiful man you
beautiful mad ugly motherfucker
what the hell what the hell what the
hell I note to self do not let bail
shoot with his left okay so I moved down
to division - now I know the game is not
over yet but I'm pretty confident that I
have won this game because it is like
all right you know what no you know what
I'm a mug this guy off right now I'm on
mug him off
I'm just mugging him off I'm mugging him
off all right you're not gonna play all
right I'll just I'll just miss I didn't
want to score gets no one you know but
anyway that's it 3-1 I moved down to the
vision to win my first game or heading
straight back on so I've got my first
win we need five more wins to go up a
division six more wins the other title
probably be about another all games or
so until I can afford to yo go silver
then that teams completed that is what's
gonna win me division one but that's all
for today thank you guys for watching
let me know what you guys are thinking
in the comments the most liked comment
will be probably the one I read out will
choose Spain watching and soup
shine on me Sturridge stir it no okay
that they're not shining they're not
shining all right where we going where
we go okay pause it pause it
and then playing and then we may do what
do I want
free kick no no no close it yes look
there it period ok ok now charge charge
charge there you go no really okay so
it's Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez of the
place wait are we on
