what's up guys and welcome back to the
game that mixes cars and football rocket
league I am joined today with Josh and
Vic we're gonna be taking people on in a
3v3
let's see how it goes hi guys who's
gonna stay back in the fence because
someone needs to um I found out about
Josh shotgun Josh what Wow good job
okay boys already gone forward so sorry
I'm sorry it's already already me isn't
it well hell caps inside again oh he's
already school on my roller I'm glad for
a clear ball way to defend up you're a
natural defender yeah I am he's a base
defense oh it's going it's going it's
going towards their goal up on that okay
look like well he bothered me hahaha
Annette do anything should be playing
hey that's really mean wait Simon I I
miss gone Corbitt oh oh no cause my
showers blowin me around the world gonna
but it's that's why twisted ball right
no yeah that's gone Josh's surrender I'm
a bacon defend under defenders oh yeah
the way file system I said mental
monster come on don't go attack it I
can't go without that so this is your
first thing isn't it I'm attacking it
okay I'm gonna need you guys the victory
in your first game look is this gonna be
near the goal on my way right now watch
it I'm wishing about some guy I'm gonna
go so we go across the hill me have shut
on me oh oh this cross step boom okay
across the back again no I got away I
keep pressing jump instead of boost oh
yes yes I know guys you got this oh hey
sorry my friend are you ready okay okay
oh I missed it
okay don't look good everyone next yeah
come on John no no this morning I miss
Christmas
okay I'm going this way hold on please
sit because it's like it's going it's
going it's going
there's not not yet but it is no no it's
not your face leave it for them how do
you miss that
I hit there anyway
goes well eight is the only tenth game
buzzing okay mighty I got over it
oh no wait ah yeah yeah yeah fuck all up
nobody locate we should get back in
defend oh I missed it oh I gotta do this
all right finish it Josh finish it
possible I know you missed it
Wade roll again he's rolled it he's
rolled it in and I come down boom oh
okay okay I like kicking up the wall
with Hey look I missed it yeah win the
game is how high I can heat in that
would get you get them all right right
yeah no shit Oh Simon oh I missed your
big big big what you hit the direction
it's fine it's fine
maybe that's the wrong way Josh thanks
Josh that's me clear what it means in
the house ah all you kids his toys I'm
sorry I jump for it my I get chocolate
mousse confused to speak that was my
fault
where's the bomb button there's a bun
bun no it's if you know if incidentally
I fast enough that's right it's right
there is right we gave them my watch I
don't sing from the get-go
no I'm going I'm going I'm good let's go
oh nice I saw Simon Drive you bad you
granted yes oh yes
squad gold I will owe them tear no more
look at that mate I was like a chair for
some time and look think of it at my
dick weather where were they lousy
okay go mano quickly they saw the cross
no light I go get this guys I'm getting
this again okay ready
Oh Oh is that if you front foot you go
faster yes I'm across again Oh replay
wait you're going about so well cross it
oh there you go across look beyond right
because it goes
I'm back I'm back go back go back it's
going I know and I would a better than
that way
oh that is nice that's gonna be good ice
okay we're coming down
all right I'm just I'm just lining up
I'm lining out get ready it just it's no
it's somebody one of them's gonna come
wait for it wait wait come on
wait wait and wait for it that's in the
middle Duncan
oh I'm in plays it yeah yeah yeah go
build is the one oh well god knows what
I think that's a nice finish my fuckin
corner is my first score tonight my
scores perfection right now I'm going
for it again probably won't go for it no
way that's about yet but oh my gosh that
school no no no no please don't go maybe
I missed it that's all right it's all
right it's all right they before they've
all missed that everyone's against that
I feel like missed again
Oh Charlie flowers you that's good
I'm coming I'm coming in Oh get out and
good effort yes I'm just gonna go over
there I'm going oh no he's got that oh
it's mr. um I mean I do I dummy bit I
dummy they're gone
yeah another sent me away I'm gonna go
meet this guy so you just got basket oh
it is finish I tried I tried all right
wait
yo hello Josh lease oh no wait in touch
on it I got your my tool kit God you so
really flex gonna get that help my gosh
mill you miss watch me I just know I'm
lying
no no I said you're gonna sit look
someone can go today and you miss na ha
ha okay you hit out left and then I hit
him team what yeah guys might win all
right let's go for the 4-1
all right let's go from hook oh oh wait
don't move it I'll go down I personally
no no not even high that I see made it
was bicycle weight all right
that's gone the right way
come on next to me keep Josh she's
pushing around that's why we on see I've
got a job you know sure no don't go go
go go go oh dear they've run away with
it they've run away with it it's the
walk oh yeah oh oh oh oh
we don't beat the sound kill horns game
oh my can we make it by knowing their
less we get a score straight arrested oh
I give up I give up alright we just all
got a go for it okay fine ten seconds
here we go
ten on your face lemon what fossil of me
oh wait on side way you get move on oh I
missed it oh I would have been way back
one ball one for the boys I'm proud of
us I am proud of me and up one
wow there's no there's no into you right
so that was their first game and yeah we
managed to win so Vic and Josh
congratulations thank you I'm sick
Loreena who is it sorry can keep
Guinness we're gonna play this game a
lot I'm a second channel as well so feel
free to check that out and check out my
description they just watch it and sip a
little bit less to lose see I'm
confident that's why yeah I I lose this
game a lot also if you pull an in-form
that's an extra two on to the second
number and if you put an orange card
which is part of the team at the
tournament you get an extra three on to
the second number so even as you are the
guest you get to go first and you can
use the hundred k-pax whenever you want
to start with a 15k pack or whatever I
don't know go straight in you guys
