what's up guys and welcome back to the
board of FIFA I am joined today with
Ethan what's up Ethan what's up
everybody if you guys don't know how
this works this is what the board looks
like we basically take it in turns to
open packs there are 5 100k packs right
right now the second number on the card
that flashes up is the amount of places
you move you get anything good you have
to put them on the trade pile the loser
has to discard everything plus an extra
card so I am putting up in form for Dow
88 rates it goes for about five hundred
and fifteen thousand coins Ethan who are
you putting up put it up team in the
season Carlos Tevez and he goes for a
row six hundred thousand a little bit
you know I got a little bit less to lose
so yeah I'm confident that's why yeah I
I lose this game a lot also if you pull
an in-form that's an extra two on to the
second number and if you put an orange
card which is part of the team in the
tournament you get an extra three into
the second number so even as you are the
guest you get to go first and you can
use the 100k packs whenever you want to
you start with a 15k pack or whatever I
don't know go straight you guys straight
you're straight I'm opening it right now
okay it's open watch you guys go let's
be here someone incredible we go three
okay yeah Ethan to go to three yeah I
got a three okay cool
imma start of small with a 15k back okay
it's attached it gets a little tactical
minor case of the player that flashes up
is 81
hey boy complicate back again oh this is
what JJ did last time didn't ya I was
close to it
one pika that's a four as it falls
around seven why is it funny
why is it funny Simon I'm only on one
might say I'm going for another 15k pack
hopefully I'll get more than one mr.
blue okay five so I'm hobbits I've taken
the lead new boy I'm gonna follow suit
I'm gonna just go fifteen came back okay
so you wanna for yeah I'm gonna for and
here we go I bet you know all three I
got two oh two and six so it's luring
withdrawing your joy you know what
even I always drop in it I'm dropping it
and boom it's done under kpac lose the
high number
we get a lot of five yeah but you've
gotta go and inform us and then days
later seven so yeah yeah all right but
that just means I have more to discard
okay he's on the transfer list so his
company at least he's got some company
on the transfer list okay okay so I got
a 78 rated inform oh my god that's
heaven that's 210 so I was on 616 swap
places yeah we buy that this guy's good
number one I'm on 13 you're on 16 I'm
going for another hundred Capac you know
I want to take the lead again that's
what I wanted I'm gonna just calm down
now see you again you come down there
calm down oh okay I got seven oh wow
okay so what was i on
you are on 16
so that's 23 so I need like a six at
least if I get seven I get times to you
guys zero all right I'm gonna keep it
calm 15k back here we go 500k 20 Simon
just see now you're gonna lose its think
a button is open it please
I need a new look boom 700 I was in
Saudi no time to that's that's 14 try
there's a 31 I would open a bunch of
kpop now to redeem it okay no you know
I'm sure came back I 5 okay cool
fine okay 33 33 yeah bitch
okay I'm open a hundred K but now I'm a
31 you're on 33 this is my going Han
Lue's reward me budget coupe okay yeah
yeah I'm yeah I just got one on video
now I get your Tori they're both in the
footies like watch out now Yaya tour√© 6
that is on 37 I get to keep him as well
- I'm 33
it's time so you get a 9 oh I got a 3 6
so I'm one place heads yeah okay I'm on
37 36 I get a 5 I start again if I get a
7 we swap places if I get a 9 I win ok
and I have a hundred k pack ok give you
a 9 and 9 in an in-form
booth ok ok ok I got a 6
oh my god you dodged it I got rice and
mother you dodged it so have you got 6
watch me get 6 now dsfix you start again
again 8
oh my god you get 10 G winner ah 0 mi
yeah let's see hundred I'm going to
discard it already time to okay pack is
opening I need a 3-2 win just I just
need one three please three yes there
are sees the ball how do you sneaked it
by our Eau de Rossi can go sniff some
panties I'm really angry girl means I
get to keep my awesome indie and my pad
ow all right Simon yeah realistically I
only got the inform right so not boy yep
nabela don't go up see discarded bitch
and now we have the mighty God Aceves oh
no on here it Oh you'll hear it yeah
blaming you again why you mean your
board is your poor desires right that's
all for the border fee for today we also
recorded another video on Ethan's
channel with the hundred k packs which
you can check out on his channel or in
the description yeah that's over today
as I said thank you guys for watching
don't you eat them for playing it was
great will it okay and see boy that was
so far away so yeah there you go there
you go
no wait such storage come on I mean I
know I got a corner out of it but you
know I'd rather a goal unless you want
to score that well pen pen pen
there's no he caught no he wasn't
outside the you know thing is I'm so
confident I can win this game but I just
I can't do anything
where's the run where's the run go go
