yo what's up guys and welcome back to
ultimate team you know the top comment
today was I found a way to win every
fifth match you have to put the ball in
the opponent's goal more than him I just
think we need to check that can we come
and test that oh okay you got okay we
got the results we have the results here
let me just have a quick look at the
leash let me just have a quick look okay
sup
it checks out are you done I just don't
know what's happened to the comments
these days but we're gonna move on and
open this free gold paint cuz that's
always a lot of fun yeah free gold pack
although to be fair thousand coins is
actually very good for me all right so
we can afford David Luiz now wait no
you're doing a bid I want to buy him no
okay when we can afford a different one
we can for which one should we get let's
get this one we yeah trees we just need
to yoga Silva and Cyril go to complete
this team but it may not even be
Division one that I use them in because
I need to do a lot better and storage
this is your last game so I expect you
to perform and with that formula that I
just got which was just on the back of
an envelope
we can't lose please please please have
a case but deep that that's a good
teammate
alright please see for God's sign on me
today
shine on me Sturridge stir it now okay
that they're not shining they're not
shining all right where we going where
we go okay pause it pause it and then
playing and then we may do what I wanted
a free-kick no no no close it yes look
there it here it okay okay now charge
charge charge there you go not really
okay so it's Ramirez Ramirez Ramirez of
the place wait are we on Willie Ann
brilliant no wait that's right that's I
go what the hell was that
no I know I know you're turning it I
paid in toning okay Lori's actually did
something for once okay we got a really
really dangerous position here come on
what were we taking through these taken
really I don't have a good right foot
you know what Charlotte you can have to
do Charlie if you score this somehow
gee you're an absolute chip that was so
far away so yeah there you go there you
go
no wait so storage come on I mean I know
I got a corner out of it but you know
I'd rather a goal unless you want to
score that well pen pen pen
there's no he caught no he wasn't
outside the annoying thing is I'm so
confident I can win this game but I just
I can't do anything
where's the run where's the run go go go
go go pasta pasta okay wait wait wait no
wait let me well gate no he's offside
come on now halftime and somehow I'm not
winning I don't know what I'm doing I
just can't score what the fuck what the
fuck what the fuck you're it period okay
okay thank you voice it's on our way
didn't just pick up but whatever I don't
know what I meant to do from here though
although I guess DeMaria can have a shot
but back post back post shot or near
post get it rebound
ah right yeah you turn turn him turn him
far side far side areas there he is
deposited and then you chip it and then
Willy and wait no no bad then give the
pen yes please if there is a fee for God
I will score this I have had too much
suffering - oh my god oh my god yeah
okay let's go let's go come on
Charlie's so wait shut it no wait wait
how is it go over
No how is he go through know how did he
get through them I don't know how I
can't win what the fuck what the fuck
how is he getting that that's it I've
actually gonna drawn another frickin
game I don't know what's going on I just
can't win you know what ever since I
changed that pink story just swear
applause i'ma play one game with a
normal storage my second game today and
if I win then that proves it the second
opponent I am playing against as legends
and team why do I bother I've already
kind of accepted that I probably will
get relegated so right now I have
nothing to lose and you don't want to
play me when I have nothing to lose
because what oh my god Knights it's just
storage in general isn't it it's just
storage in general is just rubbish or is
he or is he who is he
wait on my days okay let's go let's go
you know what I can I'm feeling this
I'm no how does he keep doing now I
don't know that's the core was okay
mister but what I don't understand his
legends are just too legendary
oh my god oh my god - cuz the Tioga sir
learn to shoot cuz i keep saying like
yeah I love corners but I don't score
any corners do I at all I never score
them below hello
although although all the way up I start
storage storage storage chops in and
then bang okay maybe it wasn't just pink
storage maybe it's yes it's definitely
just storage oh my god no no no no
staying gold bango dunno how you gave
being like that Louis I just don't
understand what is going on like how is
he scored that cool no that's that's
perfect Annette nice just perfect that
if you're actually taking this and now
it's halftime and I'm losing
I was I was winning a minute ago cool
and over I just want this season to be
over literally he's not even he's just
he's easy just run around my whole team
where the fuck is my defense literally
there's just no one there that he's
actually saved it an outlet look like a
Lori's actually did something for once
please can I just get final gold please
please Thank You Willie Ann I know I've
lost but I'm just going for more coins
right now and now it's over and I've
lost my freakin game we're actually done
a heart upset the series is making me
alright so after one more game I'll be
able to afford C Roku then because I
only have three games left that I have
to win all through to stay in this
division so pretty much I'm relegated
that's when I will get the coins for
going down a division so I should be
able to forward Thiago silver after that
then the team is done and I will win
some games but for now I'm gonna go cry
myself to sleep like usual after one of
these episodes that's all for today
thank you guys for watching and see you
bring it or not bun to FC okay wait you
still got it still got it I'll oh let's
go let's go low aye aye aye aye aye
William go for it me go from high let's
go let's go wait alright you know what I
don't cross that much so we're gonna
we're gonna try a little tactic today
yeah this this isn't working to say this
they were dope you Google Lord now look
guys
