ladies and gentlemen welcome to the
final ever FIFA 17 video I am not
posting another video on this game ever
there will be FIFA 18 out soon I don't
know how much that I am gonna play all I
know is I don't want to touch this game
again after this so we are doing a draft
we're going just a normal draft to end
the entire year hopefully we can win I
don't know if we will go and we can
finally be rid of this lectured game
4-1-2-1-2 wide let's go captain give me
something good we are taking it with
we're taking a knee bruh give me another
striker from the BP oh no no no fuck it
Suarez go ahead give me someone good
know what is okay we get our son
starting to sound like JJ okay whatever
no no no no no now - bitch give me
someone good all right well thank you
swap them around
okay CDM give me the pogba give me the
pub I or Sagan and zongzi wow this team
is not looking so good for my last ever
team gonna be the last one ever give me
good players Lilly go center-backs no no
no it's great we're taking it hopefully
we can get a Lilly go celibate now yeah
we can take a Mangala okay this team's
not looking so great it's not looking
that great guys nervous you know I can
do it I've played a whole year a fever
17 we can we can oh there we go
but oh I mean we have to we have to take
Ronaldo don't we know this is where all
the Blues have been hiding huh this is
where they've been hiding car Walker
let's go with him no that's not okay you
know what we could take him though Oh 95
rated name of I know take the name of
we'll take the duress code it might work
all our money on one more one more like
sick player yaya tour√© that could be
that could be the answer to everything
no one fits in that's it you know what
we may as well go for Fidel whichever we
just go for the rating right now because
we ain't gonna play anyone else there so
who cares about this one stop okay we
got two positions left sit back
Oh Louise oh wait actually Devon Louise
could works great de valois right give
me one last player No all right let me
work this team out all right so the team
is done
know if we can get it better than this
we've got 87 chem but we got 90 rating
and I mean straight away you know we
could bring on we could bring on whoever
we could bring on more Kineo centre-back
we could bring on we could bring on
Chiellini sinha boy we could bring on a
ronaldo i think that's the best
chemistry we can possibly get we may be
able to get better chemistry but the
team would lack like a lot of talent so
last thing is a manager okay Premier
League and Spanish we go for him 92 chem
90 rating I will take that so as soon as
we start
Cheerilee neon for Mangala I don't know
Ronaldo on for Marnie that's a pretty
solid team screw it let's go final ever
draft and favored in general this little
bitch has a guest and eight camp we got
this game we got this his defense is
weak come on then let's go Dave Dave
Plus guest Oh plus in oh oh thank you
the thing is I actually like I really
want to win this I didn't mean to pass
but did I bow yes I did I didn't I did I
can't say that I can't say that toss it
in and then oh and for this bow to kneel
game John get me into the next round
don't what the don't come on just quit
just quit me okay okay okay not sure
about that pass there wow wow wow wow
wow man Suarez you know again this guy
these guys aren't that good I hope I've
ruined this this okay no nevermind I was
gonna say I hope I've ruined their
friendship but they just scored you
ready for this
Marnie you know what Marnie what what
the fuck Marnie edge idiot okay that was
a great pass oh these guys Suarez header
Oh our 45th minute you know what seen
him running out seen him running out no
y-you know scoring nah I mean this is
just destruction time even be bothered
to bring over an outdoor anyone
oh shit this guy's going to tackiness
he'll get back Davi Louise do the thing
what how's that corner I'm really really
trying to score some nice goals right
now I'm kind of worried that although
he's he's not the best if I'm honest yo
that was risky as hell okay all right
all right all right boom you see that no
no no don't give them another chance to
go on big touch go on get lost y'all all
right big man big man thanks thank you
oh shit just goes second yellow I didn't
even realize I didn't okay jeez look at
this space
senior coming into the back put on a
cake num1 just Oh pass it hey that's
what you get such a bro boom get lost
and if game eight won first round easy
let's just go game to game just give me
the same kind of tea come on bad chem ok
95 chem oh three at the back though and
the defense isn't very good
the attack is bloody incredible but
maybe this just means I need to score
more goals than him all right let's go
you know what I'm gonna be really sad if
I if I don't make it like at least to
the final boom one nail done it's done
already a cake this would be incredible
please please please please please nope
okay he's not leaving all right you know
what boom done ah come on Marnie maybe
if I'd put Ronaldo on there I would have
scored a nice football you're gone
finesse sorry what like his keeper dive
to like a bottom corner sure oh oh oh no
that was so perfect at that gone through
his leg it was over Oh Oh go on take
such finesse boom no wait no no no no no
no no I don't I don't accept it Liam off
and bang that's a goal thank you I
deserve that goal that was ridiculous
that you just stopped it on the line
like that here we go now we're starting
to get some yeah pass across Bank go
there we go three nil wow wow
Wow really that was it was on site I
mean it looks because they know go Riley
apparently he scored my goal wow wow wow
wow wow my mood on this game could
change like drastically I was so gassed
like 30 seconds ago now I'm just upset
and um I'm hating every oh no no no
that's not I didn't even press a button
oh he's ready come on Ibrahim on then
that's it come on finish it please wow
wow wow what wow really no no no that's
a goal I literally did I did him like a
hundred times I know I'm gonna throw
this game I'm gonna throw it on oh it
always happens it always happens not
sure not sure about that nice Ebro nice
pass pass today bro yo selfish prick
come on give me another Oh No how's it
okay how's he caught up there turn out
boom possum gone thinks it no I meant to
dinky because I knew he was coming out
like that
how how how good save good save get that
please this could be it this could be it
come on make a run Oh Judy what boss we
did it okay that was a lot more
stressful than I thought it was man like
drugs lead Josh Hill I was like then
it's North Korean leader alright two
more wins come on I really like I
genuinely want to go out on a win I
let's see what you got for me let's see
it oh he's got a 190 that's an
incredible team but I feel like every
game has just got harder and harder my
hope is that lemon Dorsky is on no kami
will be on what like four four maybe
five all right here we go
let's just let's try this come on Suarez
come on make go make oh that was an
awful touch was it awful awful touch Oh
Suarez turns out okay that was beautiful
that is
he's offside that was so good though
can you just let go what happened
because it's so nice I feel like that
should be a rule if it's a nice goal you
should just let it it just counts I tell
you what this guy has a what the white
okay you just missed the ball this guy
is a bloody insane defense Oh
and he has a very good attack too I'm
losing some money you're coming off
Ronaldo's on and Cheerilee me you can go
on from thank God I'm on come on come on
come on come on there we go we're back
in straight away that's Ronaldo Ronda
now doh hold him off hold him off
plug the rack take it touch and boom
that is over now though don't tell me
you're gonna be amazing a pretty big
jump wha
I mean he knows I'm not gonna pass it oh
no now I'm only one goal up I could have
been to Ryder and I should have scored
the corner or I could have scored just
then he doesn't ever expect me to go
down the line which is quite weird I've
gone down the line like every single
time oh this is horrible like I'm
genuinely I'm holding back poop I'm
holding back poo right now come on
posture straight up yeah posit that down
whoa Cheerilee knee man like legs Oh
finesse
boom fucking score one please please
please please
boom there we go thank you Ypres and I
don't care if I'm sweating I said please
please please please please please
boom we're in the final one more win and
we will end FIFA 17 with a win that was
the dumbest sentence I said alright
final time okay great strike force
questionable defense
okay I mean we have a good chance three
in the back as well alright we're gonna
start the game we're not gonna be we're
not gonna be bringing on Ronaldo until
we need him you know we we want him to
be like an impact sub mine is gonna mine
is gonna prove that he should stay on I
don't know if I'm if this is just cuz
it's early doors we need a goal can't
turn it ped just come on we can actually
win the issue is I can't take penalties
poor guy no I can't I didn't I didn't
want to go in that side oh oh oh that's
why you should be on a bitch bro we're
winning in the final yo the song I'm
listening to right now is the most gas
song ever as well for this that was yes
hi I am actually getting worried now
because we're only one day long oh no
he's actually scored he's actually
scored or has he jeez he ain't scored
yet no team don't do this team don't
turn to shit now I'll take a free-kick
I will no I won't take
what I'll tell you what inform novice
has been my best player here blow your
mortgage boom
yo that didn't look far away okay we
made it soft I'm I'm winning I'm happy
but I'm not comfortable marnai for big
old Ron Ron and Chiellini for Mangala
feel a lot more comfortable now all
right here we go boys
the final half of football to decide
whether I'm going out of the-- 417 happy
or not
yo this guy has so many bookings it's
mad or our big old runs on the pitch now
you know what big old run rebound how
you missing that how are you missing
that was it one more pass it one more
oh why give me a goal that's beautiful
yeah you didn't expect that turn did ya
yeah you didn't expect that either ad Oh
what son
close them whoa let's go baby let's go
and the get end the game and the game
just the big tackle
big tackle get and the game end the game
I've won done I was kind of expecting to
you know lose and then quickly do it
again off camera and get back to where I
was and then try again and be like oh
look what is that a gold pan we got a
normal gold pack we didn't even get a
rare play on average sized play as
pillar quitter you know what B 417 the
game is the game is fucking dead game
I'm ending it there that's the last time
I'm ever playing people seventeenth
thank you guys to watch and hopefully
enjoyed fever 17 I'm not sure if I'm
gonna do t4 18 as I said but yeah if you
want to see anything let me know in the
comments down below thanks for watching
Bush fucking
there's nobody we put them on a teacher
was not the plan
according to history's not a disease by
mr. Schine
