what's up guys I'm welcome to brother
FIFA that's what I call it as brothers
not not in that way as in you two are
brothers
we're not like brothers no I'm here with
Toby and Manny I was losing a point of
the other one first I thought you'd call
me racist so anyway basically I'm going
to be taking on these two melee them and
hopefully I'm gonna win before we start
you guys won't yell to a team go check
out fever ninja calm in the description
use me to ten you get a 10% discount
salmon hi you know what this looks like
what the worst week the worst thing is
they plan that for quiet hi so who you
gonna be Sharan hi I'm a believes ah you
guys ready yeah yeah side may my ear
Manny Manny Oh see them crossing over
seemingly they got you watching much
singing oh oh oh this is this is good
I'm on the vowel game let me go let me
go
no no oh deep it bro I'm getting clit oh
we just ran off on changing pale Oh
I don't have it yet hello
oh nice bye
wait is that patent to give it a friend
Bravo
you're supposed to give it a pen okay
this goes to you he's giving a man fine
hey hey all right
go I say he's done it
okay and whips in ah boom we got that we
call B but wait I've got it smothers up
oh yeah ah ah I know every yeah yeah oh
yeah
what this is a Oh see that top corner to
be fair many there is a huge rock
playing oh yeah you turned me off Manny
PL o develop at any decade anybody
hey come by Oh Rama man engine starting
man whoa boy feed me I fight like that
Sigma yeah daddy
whoa please buddy hi that's all time
well even game nah I've had that shot
chemical eye
let's go second half a year for you take
the leg oh no cookie out good how do we
bother
oh no big man taping wedding big man
saying oh yeah oh oh oh who is it let go
that's you again another thing that if
you not to watch who's gonna find out um
just a momentum swing no way right
wait they get oh no wait oh hey
the pen rush off me bang-bang just
pretend you know what that no bet go I
hope give me my song briefly no I didn't
do anything
yeah definitely I didn't do anyone's hi
cuz I'm white Durex against me
definitely and that's why yeah white
know why join out yo not like this no
are you serious we gotta go and go eat
your doughnut dough is your code and go
do you want to list a free show some
target here we go cuz I'm not gonna lose
your slut do this you're not gonna lose
Sam this is where your dreams
alright many many well I don't have
joining us I'm not oh god yes what
middle like that was less aimed at you
no no no no no your is group
pasta the other way this is where he's
going yeah Scott this is Rosco there's a
bowl oh my clean overhead Oh
who ever happens here whoa friends yeah
as long as you guys know that right
right right right okay that's it that's
it I stopped skipping the snap was that
part of planning just me oh yo that
pasta brain said no no no my you forget
who made this one more one more
I know
oh yeah I hold you three shots three
girls the most undeserving victory ever
this is the most hey filled already in
the world salmon this isn't your fault
I've linked frizzy he was going to be
here yeah we were all you're actually
gonna play me and breeziness as those
two instead you just go home who's ever
look around
i'ma come back I'm gonna come back with
frizzy as my brother and we'll win
actually freezes a hamburger right so
that's all for today on brother FIFA if
you guys want to check out Manny and
Toby they're in the description if you
want to donate to the homeless guy he's
also got a donation link somewhere down
there as well that's all today thank you
guys watching and Su Ling it on bun to
FC okay wait
still got it still got it I'll oh let's
go let's go low aye aye aye aye aye
Willie and go for it me go from high
let's go let's go wait are you know what
I don't cross that much so we're gonna
we're gonna try a little tactic today
yeah this this isn't working to say this
they were dope you google or it nah look
guys look
