I actually don't get much sleep
it kind of affects my YouTube my
personal life everything it just I just
can't sleep no matter how hard I tried
lay in bed all night just I've got it
again I think I've got insomnia 55
coming up ah same joke different event
always funny
always funny what's up guys now some of
you aren't really gonna like this video
that much because there isn't that much
content to it basically I need to let
you guys know that we the sidemen are
going to insomnia 55 we've been to I 53
we've enzyme 54 now there is I 55 in
Coventry again if you guys don't know
what the event is like this is just a
few clicks of what we did
basically there's like a stage show
there's some meet-and-greets now this is
a bit different with the meet and greets
because basically they're all gonna be
arsed and instead of just in like a tent
somewhere there's gonna be games for you
guys to play there's gonna there's gonna
be a lot of stuff to do like this
insomnia should realistically be quite a
big step up from the last one and I'm
not saying no you guys have to come but
if you do want to come and it is fun
then check out in the description
there's a code as well for a discount
last time I didn't vlog the event I
think this time I will just because last
time basically I was just I was kind of
overwhelmed by the amount of people that
were there I think this time I'm gonna
force myself you know to have a camera
out and just vlog everything really dark
in my room for some reason if you come
to this event by the way don't well
don't worry okay I'm not gonna be mad
maybe a little bit there will be loads
more events in the future hopefully also
if you guys didn't know I have mentioned
it before I'm going to iron a pot and
then games come that's all before words
omnia so yeah I'm kind of busy actually
I probably get make some videos on the
topic of videos okay peepers a little
bit okay
so right now I'm gonna go ahead to Toby
and cows and Ethan's and all that lock
their place gonna try and get a few
videos done there I want you guys to
tweet me right now or comment on this
video what videos you want to see in
don't say Q&A or amigo okay I will do
those but I want to hear some other
ideas right now in my mind you know I've
got a few football videos lined up a few
like challenges maybe I've got I've got
some other videos lined up but I want to
know what you guys want to see apart
from Q&A omegle anyway that's all I
really wanted to say today I'm sorry
this was kind of a boring video / a
short video but I wanted to announce
that we're going to insomnia I wanted
you guys to know I also want to know
some more ideas videos that you guys
want to see so yeah be sure to check out
insomnia in the description now you guys
for watching and shoot hi let's go let's
go wait oh you know what I don't cross
that much so we're gonna we're gonna try
a little tactic today yeah this this
isn't working to say this they were dope
you good lord now look guys norisse is
the worst goalkeeper in the world like
what the fuck is he doing why are you
not just you could have literally just
turn around and gone thanks you know
what you know what we need to actually
get that what is that why where you
gotta go what the
