what's up guys and welcome back to
alternate team last time when we left we
had three players left a pile this team
so we need silver tsuzuku and Louise it
says it right here those three are the
most expensive players I think on the
team so it may take a little while but
it is I have no money but anyway we get
the free pack which basically is just
free coins cuz Oh
see he could fit in the team we've also
been doing absolutely shockingly in
Division one so far we've lost two and
we've drawn one which means I have to
win every single game from now on if I
won the title but I've already said that
this season is probably just a rebuild
season then once I get that team I will
win Division one I promise that at some
point before I get into any games if you
guys want to nail to a team once checkup
fever ninja dot-com in the description
use mini ten and you get a 10% discount
but for now we're using the BPL team
with that pink storage I've got two more
games with him and I need to start
winning badly and first opponent is ban
TFC good one that's great banter that is
frickin great banter at the end of this
division by the way I will be able to
afford that team so then we will have
three teams that could be used in this
division bring it on bun to FC okay wait
still got it still got it I'll oh let's
go let's go low aye aye aye aye aye
Willy and go for it me go for I let's go
let's go wait oh you know what I don't
cross that much so we're gonna we're
gonna try a little tactic today yeah
this this isn't working to say this a
what oh you google law written a lot
guys norisse is the worst goalkeeper in
the world like what the fuck is he doing
why are you not just you could have
literally just turn around and gone
thanks you know what you know what we
need to actually get that what is that
why when they gotta go what the Frick
are you doing I don't I don't understand
what's happened to me I used to be good
at FIFA and then all of a sudden they
just decide not you know what now is it
me am I am I have I got worse or is it
that's come on
Wow all right all right no not there why
would I pass that there although it was
a really good ball all right there you
go there you guys see them okay that's
the way I wanted it
mmm that's why I know FIFA is the one
game that actually makes me want to cry
No are you seriously serious are you
serious
they're in garrard oh don't give it to
knocking pen that's a goal kick right go
kick whoo okay run no no no no that
doing the wait wait oh wait wait these
all my days but I do love corners so you
know corners do sometimes being goals
not this time but that's just freaking
fantastic it it I will run what's the
run what's around there it is that no I
didn't know wait Oh Gabriel just do it
up what a bullshit goal but we're gonna
take it just hang on til last time and
then the second half I need to get gold
no no I'm always a little bit weary with
Laurie single now we've got to halftime
and yeah um just move on Diego cross the
Diego Costa do stop up what the fuck is
wrong with you like he gon shoot I
learned that last episode be a yeah
please
I actually have a chance go my god I
swear I get frickin loss I'm screwed
like firstly I come in the title I know
that was I know that wasn't gonna happen
anyway but if I forget no no no no wait
how many games how many games oh my god
fuck this game and every time I can't
just play a game I actually think I
could have won that game I know the
stats were against me but now I guess
sweaty Bundesliga team that Strikeforce
is dirty if there is karma I will at
least not lose this game I'm not saying
I deserve to win it because of that but
like I should not lose
this is nice played as a nice play one
more one more intimate I'm just passing
it around I need to I need to learn from
your comments someone said shoot I know
that's an obvious thing to do in
football but I actually don't do it
right tennis tennis tech ah that's why I
don't shoot because somehow people just
block everything I ever do
oh ah okay little bit of trouble little
bit of trouble yes conk oh you guys ever
noticed how conk Oh sounds like a
Pokemon I don't know what this guy's
doing but he's blocking every frickin
thing I I do at all usually look look oh
there you go wait wait wait bang you
just hit you in the foot hit Adler
square in the nose and he doesn't go in
nope is check please check this off Oh
Lewandowski is not the guy you want to
be up against in there there you go
those do well bard
that bad pen that's a pen pen pen was
the Ashley given all the way back here
are you mad this guy is so freaking
boring in the way he plays like I'm just
trying to I'm trying to keep up with him
right now
and he's doing a white like he's good
but he's just boring as hell he's
definitely one of those guys that
actually jacks off to goals like he will
score a goal and then sit there for like
three hours just jacking it what a great
hour for football mate great half wait
where am I going positive what's that
and then and then you get crossing
actually what no no no no winner please
please please every time the ball gets
to his defense he just passes it around
as goalie for ages what
and planned please be on please be on
please please no why how the Frick is he
got through no no oh my god oh my good
oh no no no no no please don't do that
for nothing all right where we going
where we going to go a little child to
go a little chance to tell us tell us
tell us so you're gonna gonna get left
dust soaked or not this guy's a dick and
I've never wanted to win a game or
except jtech where the hell are you
going no no no no no no no y-you Badal
you're a professional football player
you can kick it that way not do it don't
say it go bitch
bitch I look at this look he thinks I'm
going to go short
he thinks I'm coming short thinks I'm
coming short and then you whack it in I
know it is okay no no no no no stop this
I will happily pick a foul please just
blow the whistle blow their whistle
there it is there's a fuck no I want a
foul please please
I just want to foul him no no oh no no
no no no no no no no get up go all right
no that's go be it
ready ready ready aah oh there it is
Hornets first win in this division
that's really embarrassing I deserve to
win
look look at this that I deserve to win
them but I have five games left to get
ten points like three wins and a draw I
really really really think that I'm
gonna get relegated I don't know what's
happened to me I don't know I was having
to feed play whether it's me all that
but I need to step my game up from now
on at the end of this division so
probably in two episodes I should be
able to afford all of the players and
that the team will be complete that's
all for today thank you guys very much
for watching and see you they're not
impact they can't be I asked the best
finally what am I doing wrong why am I
like I'm almost my business closer kids
no Nazi salute yes you finally got one
and it's Bravo I mean yeah
it could probably have got a better one
but then orange car damages you go for
let's have a little bit I mean what the
fuck 150 K Matt
