yo what's up guys and welcome to a pack
opening I didn't really want to do these
after team in the season left but now
there is a new team look at it it's not
this one it's it's ignore this ignore
this it's this one which they don't even
show you the team but Messi the dowel
Sanchez team of the tournament
now before I open any pact if you guys
want to know to a Team Coins pick up d
bonito calm in the description usually
tend to get a 10% discount
normally when this kind of thing happens
I don't get any one good team of the
season I got few but I opened a lot of
coins now today I Simon mini Minter
Minter that's what middle name will get
a black card and it will be in my first
pack and moderators are actually not
going to I expected something a lot
worse I'm just gonna storm through these
cards until I get someone good this may
take a while
hey I got Paulo I mean now are some
decent card said as the Sanchez is the
Ramsay Daz the messy I may have to pull
out some superstitions for this because
yeah this isn't going too well I will
start easy with the nose pack okay look
at that there we go we'll start easy
we'll move on to malleable of olive
olive olive olive olive olive olive
olive olive olive another 86 tuna Roe
and a 65 script I've elephant pack
please and I don't care about Stephen
Gerald please please come on pelipper
pelipper I'm still doing Elif oh I just
want things to pop off now seriously I'm
really tired of doing elephant dance I
just want that one good car
zero you know when you just know deep
down inside yourself then it's a good
pack this is that black one not rare
card one rare please ei you guys will
please like ei click again saying that
you can't spell beaver without a as well
well that doesn't mean anything I
remember why I don't you pack openings I
much because of the pain I go through
stupid stupid clothes
ah right I'm gonna do no lip the sky
pack purely to please be EA gods so we
wait for five four three two one
it should be done by now should be done
now you shall reward me ei for my
bravery with an Alice why can't I just
get one team of the tournament I haven't
even got team in a week not a single
special gun not one damn Canterlot you
know what imma just I'm just playing
with you guys I can get one whenever I
want and I'm making it dramatic and
saving it to the very ends which is in
about five packs so yeah I'm gonna get
one in the last five packs I'm pretty
confident after this Peter file then the
next Pat sealer this is business where I
just opened this pack and then it's
three two one
boom I mean three two one boom this is
ice no no I have one pate left this is
my final pack on this account and I
haven't got a single freaking black card
and I still won't get one bucket new
account we're getting one seriously the
second I get one I'm done that that's
that's it done it could be the shittest
one like a 72 raid inform or it could be
messy and I'm done you need to piss off
everything
either they're actually not impacts is
I've opened so many I haven't got one
they're not impacts they can't be I
asked the best finally what am i doing
mom why am I like I'm almost my toughest
discloser kids no Nazi salute yes you
finally got one and it's Bravo I mean
yeah it could probably have got a better
one but there's an orange car damages
you go for let's have a look this I mean
what the 150 K Max and I bet isn't
even cell screw it why not just spend
the remaining oh we got a little bogus
okay this is the account this is the
account definitely I need open them on
ie vodcast you know my gas 80 rated ugly
this room unless I mean I got Vargas and
I've got Bravo and yet I'm still unhappy
you know I'm gonna spend the rest of the
coins on this account and then I am done
because I only wanted one and I've got
two so far I mean I just want to find
one more even if they're a bad one
that's fine that's not as long as I get
one more please please please do please
come on come on come on Messi give me a
mess eat nope no money ah this is I'm it
I'm in that slump right now I've opened
quite a voices alright we'll take him
and now the stores gone what the hell
what the hell we a I we're back in
business come on we only got like I know
ten packs left or something what can we
get one more I believe we can and as you
guys know confidence is key to getting a
good
running out of coins fast the a is
there's not long left to give me one ha
this is there we go was about to scream
at my ass off their nights you rated
pace but he's willing stylus really you
know what no no you know what Simon I'm
happy with that I got a black card and
who orange card I only spent one point
six million so far
hey it's Becky second last pack no one
final pack does it done for today no
more pack opening probably for this week
we're done I get Ramsey cookies beat the
Welsh messy that's all for today thank
you guys for watching we've got three
good players I'm out there you guys
watching and see ya hi JJ so I get a 6 I
win I only go to the beginning if I get
a 2 and we switch places if I get for
its opening it's over boom or shakes
climb all I need is six all there's six
wrap it's a 1 what I go one oh my dad's
just died again but I literally move one
place for words sake I don't feel like
you're gonna catch me unless I some I'll
get a tea with Aziz
