what's up everyone and welcome back to
the FIFA board game today I am joined
with JJ what's up JJ yo what's up it's
good to be here man it's good to be on
the gel of time it's been a very long
time
load I'm so sorry
right so if you guys don't know how this
works basically this is what the board
looks like
and we basically open packs then we take
the second number of the car that
flashes out and that is how many spaces
you move there's also two five 100k
packs so you're gonna be able to use
them whenever you want JJ so am I then
you're gonna put anything that's worth
keeping on the transfer list and whoever
loses has to discard everything they've
got
also if you get a team in a season it
adds five on to the second number if you
get to the week I don't even have this
even worth it but yeah an extra two also
if you guys want any also particular
check off even news.com in the
description use Minitel you get 10%
discount okay JJ are you ready
bro I was born to win so yes this is
great okay
just asked to do already not ready to
win by okay alright so just to make you
that little bit more tense just in case
you don't get anyone good we're gonna
add in a team of seasoned dani alves so
the lose ask the discard bears what well
why are we doing that it's your go first
if you want to start with a 50k pack go
ahead why most on cuz you're the guest
you get to go first I want you to start
first Simon okay alright 15k pack here
we go if you get anything good put them
on the transfer list remember my first
pack I get a seven I moved back three so
I got a four basically you know I wanna
use my massive lifeline and go in with
that hunter kpac you know I mean if you
only go for a hundred K pack first up
you only have five remember yeah yeah
opening it what what oh I threw up in
there what are you at the glitch you got
a glitch but also was yeah you're a noob
does that count
no all right well let's show it again
all right hundred came back there we go
oh these bags are terrible yeah they're
not very good that's fake okay that was
definitely okay I'll go cool to our
though that's what 86 it how you feel
how you feel how you feel for sitting on
four oh okay I got a six so I'm on ten
now I know Santos is shit you know I'm
gonna go straight back again I write
using them all so quickly man because I
wanna win okay these you might get like
a 90 rate player yep I might get Ronaldo
but did you get Ronaldo no you got an 84
didn't you well I was really close nice
in 83 I'm going for the hundred KPAC if
I get four we swap places and you're
ahead with an extra go if I get nine I
miss a turn so no it's the only two
numbers I don't want in the four and a
nine for nine eyes oh I'm thinking 87
rated Philip Lahm all right well I'm
gonna go another 100 get back onto my
game so it's not like wait - its day
you'll know I know you're on sixteen I'm
on 17 I'll go for another hundred capac
no so oh it's opening Oh
go for it if you get three by the way
you missed the turn
oh shit but if you get five you get
another go okay so what are you get 83
I'm just gonna disappear I'm just gonna
use a hunch okay get a 98 Rayven tirado
which adds up to 13 and mad a boom but I
bang I've got zero what I got zero JJ so
you literally don't see Rosie J zero
wait what what a bizarre a bluesy which
means I get five and I get team of the
season Buffon and I get another go well
I'm using it why don't you kpac his
opening vibrating fuck I'm gonna lose
this shit no don't please give me a blue
which get rubber three two one oh boy
who hunt alone these y88 before so I'm
opening your patter there we go come on
come on tell me how much confidence you
have I have so much confidence so you
don't sound like you do oh and you know
what it will do fucking Leonardo that's
all right oh okay to a new degree this
is going so well for me because I've got
signature season already and I know I
might get to keep him oh now I get a 6
low 28
and I'm on 40 hi JJ save I get a 6 I win
I only go to the beginning if I get a 2
and we switch places if I get for its
opening its Obregon or 6 o'clock all I
need is 600 letters 6 what I go 100 just
again but I need to remove one place for
woods think feel like you're gonna catch
me unless I some I'll get a teaser
another baby I'm on 41 I still I just
need a 5 or 5 and I win fuck off
a fine jaqen book your flies i'ma do you
fire breath once again once again today
yeah there's a pleasure what the fuck is
this you cut just be quiet
you just got to anything
I know this is never you know which is
come on don't look please like comment
to do afterwards I'm just gonna open one
pack to see if I could have finished
from nine
let's see if I can get a 40 grated carp
no I got a one okay you have to discard
open fun and okay I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry abou fun Thank You Simon
alright so now I have to just got Alvers
as Wells boof one and Alberts
why give it to me I'm just gonna discard
him and get this over and done with now
he's gone talk it's an creeper he's gone
stop oh no stop oh so oh oh oh oh oh I
so that is all for today on the board
game and yeah now we're gonna go record
on JJ's channel gonna do a search and
discard and yeah I've never done a
certain discard for this much before
yeah we go in there motherfucker it kind
of forced me to go ridiculous for this
so if you want to check out you can in
the description
Thank You JJ for playing this game No
thank you thank you guys watching and
see where do my defense just go but I
don't want to do Division one again oh
oh oh oh oh
blam and there know why you're not
running Tevez let go KOMO tense go
alright they go they know what is that
Wow
wait wait look really okay tennis tennis
tennis toted ah bang no this there's no
way to if I lose this game I just don't
know what's going on I don't understand
how he's
