yo guys what's up and welcome back to
ultimate team I have a post in the last
couple days because I've been at a music
festival thing but we're back and we're
back with ultimate team
first up that's a load of shit next up
we were building this team which if you
don't remember the team is actually
going to be fully of this so I just need
the defenders and the goalkeeper the top
comment today was to upgrade like a set
because I may have bought the ship one
but we don't need to worry about that
until I have enough money so we get max
well if we okay we get max well and now
we can't afford anyone else so we're
back to Division one we played one game
and we've lost four no more before we
starve you guys want any Latinos check
up even injured calm in the description
usually 10-year terms then discount
we're going with the Italian team let's
go III couldn't deal with that come on
guys we need a win here we need a winner
Bob Oh ready steps round one steps
around the other I don't know he does it
oh wait wait pow where where's my
defense where where's my defense what ah
no no why is this happening now why are
you doing this EA yeah it's been five
minutes with five minutes into a game
really okay there's no lost we're going
back in hi this team's about the same so
hopefully I can win that guy's shit yeah
let's go man let's go come on let's do
this all right where we going we'll get
where we get positive pausing there you
go they go and their dummy doing wait no
wait where maybe no no no no no no I put
some fun with it but oh where the fuck's
my defense where the where the hell's
what event now where do my defense just
go lads I don't want to do Division one
again oh oh oh oh oh
gleb and there know why you're not
running Tevez like go go mow tents go
all right they don't they know what is
that Wow wait wait look really okay
tennis tennis tennis toted ah Bank no
this there's no way to here if I lose
this game I just don't know what's going
on I don't understand how he's got out
of certain situations like that
hi this is where we have a chance
wouldn't no ways that really yeah you've
actually just passed that what okay
didn't mean that one either
no written these passes are all going
wrong but it's kind of working out I
guess wait no what just happened
fuck off fuck fuck off what's wrong
- run run please I need to squat it's
gone no surveys why was that such a big
touch I know just just please pull it no
that's a terrible corner that's that's
it that's all time in it that's halftime
right there I know it doesn't look like
I deserve to be winning but I genuinely
do a bar bow of our boat bah bah bah
there is no us please no no no no no yes
yes I don't care what you say about that
goal I scored
I might no no no no no storage sorry I
know I know where you're gonna go what
what's that white Chiellini I go go go
go go okay now we're gonna pass it in
wait no there's so many people there's
so many people back how am I losing what
the fuck was he doing but a fuck what
what the fuck just happened
go go go go go puss puss clam up okay go
go and out bang no wait wait wait wait
bang no no no no no no no no no no no no
no there's no way there's no way there's
no way you just didn't score that how
have I lost two games in a row in this
division
this series has just gone downhill I'll
tell you what I need that new team I
need an injection of just freshness
we're going back to the BPL team what is
team rings only 81 and he's got that now
you know what you know what the better
the team the worse the player or not or
not you know you can just do that come
on summon I have to win a game please no
no no no no no no no no no no okay get
rid get rid of that get rid of that Gary
come on come on Simon Plame in and then
you dink it where's the run there's no
run where's the run
please wait wait wait I've got that got
the no no no no wait wait wait turn in
then turn in I've got a pen no they know
push me
wait keep please going that wasn't even
English I went to get there you go there
you go there's the past festive run I
want to eat there's the run distarch no
he keeps getting a little nudging
how does he do that no no I light how
many times is the happen to me this is
actually ridiculous flat I swear legends
just have some sort of juju on them that
stops keepers from working look at it
but there is no way
Louie should not be said okay don't
mature okay Willie and Willie on gets
the violin heads in and they're so cold
their week old thank you good last
chance last chance last chance the half
wait no no that's it that's gonna be the
half one oh and this time I actually
can't get a shot off last game I know I
was saying how I should have been
winning this time I don't even feel like
I deserve to be yeah that's the deal cuz
they just keep getting shot a cook walk
corner you know I love me a good corner
cuz DeMaria wimps in new pose that was a
fool wait wait - boo - OH
Corner corner let that go cuz you know I
love me a good corner do Maria whips in
that's a priyada how can you go storage
storage storage storage
there we go cross Hartley editors call
it's called my keyboard a left up or
whatever so it's good
no I didn't know bit there you go there
you go there you go there you go no no I
know it really pisses me off no bitch I
just can't be in it's cool to go yeah
but it just gets everything together
yeah oh no no no no no no no no no no go
go go please please please they gosh no
he got get that this Rose there's no no
wait it's just this is no wait just wait
remove it toss it no really
that's a terrible boss Bob and
do casa da Costa yay across the please
you're battling but aleeya's no no no no
no no no let's just stop it now let's
stop this lets just stop in silly let's
stop being silly stop being so silly
no he's actually gonna score and then
I'm gonna lose right look look at this
ready
no wait stop it stop it please leave
leave leave no John do you no no no no
no okay okay we still got it
we still got it we still got it there
you go past plugs are there break star H
that's it that was it story took the
shot
fuckin with me again I don't know what's
happened to me recently okay but I have
just turned shit at FIFA and I actually
deserve to win I just have to win Ian
look at the stats well you know what I
want to build this team now cuz I'm not
like an either team so I buy an Oreo
which leaves us with three spaces left
and hopefully buy at a two-episode time
I will fill them then I'll have the team
I need to win the division
but for now I'm too angry so I'm gonna
just leave now thank you guys watching
and see you wouldn't get out your half
at i/o
okapi care of your heart come on it's
easy oh I found good oh just like a
shout in parent or get a light organic
door oh shit you knowing that you've
done that most times yeah I'm a retard
it's fine
but oh yeah right Mario go over by wait
what
