yo guys what's up and welcome to the
quickfire question challenge I saw this
song Caffrey's channel the other day but
he did it with a whipped cream slaps as
we are at the house we kind of have to
do with eggs and it's also hot so I want
to see outside we got JJ on the eggs is
I think I made a mistake you're big on
the questions and yeah he's basically
not asked me a question I what the
projected shot in earlier just you know
prep warm it up teasing these and I'll
see questions I have danced them without
hesitation and if I also lie which
slides up JJ I'm so screwed he gets to
egg me on the head let's do this I'm in
first question you hesitated
what the fuck I'll even start the
question Simon can you give us wet on
the day no okay are you alive yes why
you Polly's cuz bump ow
my mum you said your palm oh no a lot
bleach is true no egg me not at all
don't do you know that's not true I hate
your favorite color right what days you
guys wireless all of them do you love
waffles yeah no punches I know I know go
Horace's go shoe size 11 can we see
Lincoln Logs or Legos Lincoln Logs on a
scale of one to ten how gay are you 10
wait go
next batch I just guess an answer but
more what the fuck a Lincoln made such a
mistake
Simon wants a good name for a rabbit boy
you're good Messi or Ronaldo
Ranade no no I know I know you much but
no ronaldo's you got do another one that
ketchup or mayonnaise ketchup what's
brown and sticky you never break reload
reload hittin are please realize ah
favorite type of porn all of them even
granny must make a nice especially
running this especially Granik rather
only be able to whisper all only she'll
only shower do I did that oh good thank
you has a lot you wish you'd rather be
President Obama or the key pussy growing
twins pussy is black isn't biggie or
Tupac biggie oh this is so painfully
would you rather have JJ's hair Aloha
Jamie's hat kill Bickle kill JJ your Vic
ones over here don't want pikachu mixed
are things to be for GTA GTA wow wow did
so much for you ah how could you I don't
use the egg even a mere is it yes you're
mr. Jeff change run our bags as long ago
just played a step back alright
Barcelona or Real Madrid ramjet oh fuck
off crazy you know what
ken and a KFC I just chose I can't be
not true I don't think that's very
nicely July hey she knows awesome you
had a KFC sandwich ah he married myself
as well he made sickness inside I did it
for you you can't win in this game sit
down in the chair
receive your punishment what we
punishing him for I have no idea when
you're on another deep that is your hair
found it sleep fetish what I mean
well there's some good gear sex I'm just
saying your dick is tight if you're
fucking in yours
ah really that was never a question you
can't talk shit in that position
are you having that is one more what's
up mangoes or JJ JJ oh come on
yo come on pretty good okay there's no
winning this has seven apples and you
take two honey I can pick I've left five
oh you gonna mess up guy you know wait
fuck oh wait oh wait oh he's right oh oh
are you serious
my love's wrong around bleeding right
now dr. Richie what bitch fuck is this
the fuck is going on I'm cleaning you up
right so that's over today on the quick
much as over the Quickfire question
challenge Thank You JJ and Vic mainly
Vic but um yeah that you guys watch it
and sir hey I'm thinking you're one of
those guys you know you're one of those
guys is gonna put a player in golf
okay oh do you have worried I thought
you were gonna go I thought you're gonna
go so can I guess in gold instead of one
of those guys just waiting like them
always happening here okay you are too
happy okay
