right guys what's up and welcome back to
a search and discard today I am joined
with Chris MD what's up Chris how you
doing yeah I'm not too bad thanks for
asking Simon how you doing I am good but
I have players on the line as to you and
I am not good at this series so I'm kind
of nervous so today what we are going to
be doing we are going to be opening the
five 100k packs we are both putting up
two players the team is going to then be
built with the best players from those
hundred K packs we take it in turns to
guess a position on the team when we
discard that position the first person
to get rid of all their special cards is
the one to lose but the players we are
putting up today the player what the
players I'm putting up our team of the
season aguar and team indices and
Cheerilee in either place chris is
putting up our they are going to be
we've got 95 red team the season even
has on a 93 red Alexis Sanchez from my
own Club arsenal before we get into this
if you guys want any Ultimate Team Coins
to try this yourself check out fifa
ninja comm in the description use when
attending an attempt set discount also
before we start we recorded another
video on Chris's channel which is in the
description and Chris you want to
explain what it is um I can have a go I
still don't have the series name for it
but basically what we were doing we're
opening 10 100k packs each and sort of
gambling on which packs were going to be
good and swapping them over to each
other and then the loser of who
basically gets worst pack well discard
all it sounds a bit confusing but uh I'm
sure we'll make said it was it was good
yeah I actually packed someone I've
never sat before so you guys should
shout out so we're gonna be able to 500k
packs as I said the best players are the
ones you put in your teams have you any
special cards you put them in your team
okay let's quit now
you don't actually want a good card yep
right for fun right back to that one
didn't really go too well you ready not
at all yeah I'm ready when you eight to
one yah go right but the other thing is
it didn't go well but you don't want
good deal this is a real mixture of
motion like do you actually want a tea
road falcão that's okay obviously if
you get someone good you could you know
you could have potentially keep them so
if you do get okay nice shock that's
just awful ways happening here
absolutely terrible and also what pack
is anyone gonna get
I still can't on something for the video
to make a bit more excel rise again but
83 but we D that is just awful
let's do this 3 2 1 C 100k packs have
been absolutely shocking shocking it is
so so bad you won't see a word
10 packed around Oh again my kazoo God
so we are both completed the teams we
have our timid of seasons in the
positions they're going to stay in and
yeah we have two players each Chris as
you are the guest I let you go home
thank you thank you very much we haven't
gone I'm going to say we haven't got too
many players over the 82 mark I don't
about your team but it's not ok to
accept one oh well you clearly be more
generally a have been more generous to
you right anyway you're gonna say a
position and then I discard it first
ones get all the special cards wins
let's do this
I think we've got some reverse
psychology going on here serious mind
games I'm going to say you're right
centre back are you sure you're sounding
way too happy about that but yes I all
right I'll say bye to Schneider he's
gone
damn it so I'm thinking you're one of
those guys you know you're one of those
guys is gonna put a player in gold okay
oh do you have what it was a way I
thought you were gonna go I thought
you're gonna go so can I guess in gold
instead of just one of those guys just
waiting like um always happening here
okay you're too happy
okay that's your choice I go for goalie
yeah sorry
huh so no no I don't have a plane go we
can get rid of it right let's let's just
move swiftly on I'm gonna go right mid
the you wanna change
no I don't to change the options change
I'm gonna I'm gonna stay like you though
I'm telling them chose this is my
channel and I've got more subscribers
you're changing you are changing right
now fuck you got rid of my Sergio
that as a first owner team in a season
so jover that's first over as well first
owner agüero all can only really
apologize so many times for that carnies
thought is that is frickin how much that
that is 1.4 million minimum 1.4 million
coins and I am gonna get 11 and a half
thousand is it done it's not done I'm
just I'm having an emotional moment I'll
give you your moment I feel like I feel
like King Kong staring at agura right
now
right agura so sorry he is gone he's
gone oh ah our revenge revenge ready
Uranus are you ready for this okay yeah
whack out go cam done cam it's as far as
players Erikson's so we're happily get
rid of the other one if you want to
leave Sanchez the other camp is Larkin
somewhere around I reckon he's locking
in the right striker position every time
you like open your mouth to say position
my heart stops just in case you like
this one's fine this was just Pepe I can
lose in one go that's it you get on your
good and that's it or I commit you
discard your left striker which is the
team in season I'm gonna I'm gonna safe
do you wanna do you want to change your
option yes left back Oh Mike are you
serious hahahaha
I don't know what do you want to do here
I'm not - I don't know what the fuck
just happened but who is your left
strike I'm so confused by the amount of
double bluffing is going alright
hopefully what's happening your left
striker who is that my left strike is
team Z that is who you have to believe
11,500 90 coins yeah that's just
brilliant as live striker cool left back
egg ye that's fine that's fine he's gone
dammit I'm gonna go with the left back I
just got layer fades that time we'll
call it even
so we're both going to four cards we
both have one team in a season left I
feel like this could be the one
especially if I say left mid ah no I
knew you were gonna go with it why
didn't you go with anyone central key
yeah oh oh and just I've been in this
position before where people have double
bluff for me so that is that Chiellini
no it's actually uh Ericsson I'm not
sure how to respond to that it's
Chiellini all right yes the truth
killing he's gone as well oh this is the
best day of my life
here these 1000 thousand oh okay so I'm
feeling quite generous and this is
Simon's channel so what we're gonna do
we're gonna give them a second chance
discarding this Alexis we've got right
here and I'm gonna say if you want to
add in a team and another team of the
season card who's somewhere near the
kind of price range of Sanchez Simon
then we can have another little go at
this first time in 11 dollars okay Levin
Tov ski rise 94 it's 94 rated all right
this could all backfire on you cuz it's
my go now so if I just get him now it's
done I don't even know what I've guessed
screw it I'm gonna go with left centre
back all right you can have Diego godín
if gonna no I don't know how to
pronounce I've just picked up the wrong
controller as a ps3 controller shift on
me well done 11 dossiers playing a
goalkeeper
tell me know that Santa cos all up I
think the you put one at
CVM you can have a tweety Oh me no I
hate a little silent love every time
right Karl is getting tense now there's
a getting tense were down so I'm down to
five you're down to five as well you
follow of course don't get right I'm
gonna go straight in and say you're
right back oh yes no why why right back
you see you left the center so I'm
chosen you know how difficult is
reacting when there's the possibility of
looking like an idiot everything now I
haven't just lost today I've been
embarrassed
that's a gardener I have added it I've
been brought back in I thought I'm a
charity case and I still lost the ski is
fuck this right so that is all for today
another surfing discard another loss
whilst now's an experience not really
hot win it's ridiculous but yeah as I
said earlier go check out the video on
Chris's channel we did I still don't
have the name for it but we pretty much
explained it in the song so a lot a lot
of 100k pack so we just go with that
yeah let's just call it that while
you're there be sure to subscribe as
well thank you Chris for playing yeah no
worries Simon sorry about how this is
gone but thanks for inviting me to be on
your channel I keep saying I'm not gonna
do it anymore and I keep coming back and
lose it that's all for today thank you
guys for watching and see ya okay now
I'm gonna make I'm gonna make you pay
pal yeah well not see layout god says
that oh thanks wait oh oh
like oh no I just inches like you about
no not II never thought oh god guess a
lot go no yeah
are you sure
