right so I wasn't gonna do a video today
but I went into my kitchen open the
fridge and then it hit me I have never
done the Coca mentis challenge and I
know it's not exactly much but if you
haven't seen it before this is what it
looks like when you put Mentos in coke
so yeah I'm gonna put these in my mouth
and then drink coke sorry it's not a
long video but yeah
at this moment evening he fucked up
my cheeks got so big now for a different
style now so I'm gonna put these in
there now I'm gonna just put it on the
mouth well that's the coca Mentos
challenge all right JJ's gonna try and
put the Mentos in and then close it as
well gonna have to be quick yeah I know
like you have to be really really quick
what's gonna happen I have no point this
to me
do not point that mr. biggest anticlimax
ever do not put this near me do not do
not know
hello just leave it that's jumping out
your shoes are so white failure do not
point that this already
no no you can reach me from there
