well looks like we got a new player lads
and a free pack in time so we are back
with ultimate team and I am in a very
very bad position right now oh okay
yep now I'm in a good position but on
FIFA I'm still in a bad position because
I have two games left and I do two games
per shut up I do two games episode and
if I lose both of them or even rule one
and lose one I get relegated into
division - I know we have stories
already but we have to hope that the new
boy storage does well and we win one of
these games now before I get into a game
if you guys wanna nail to a team
joystick up with an intercom in the
description use mini ten you get a 10%
discount so we go into the first game I
have that storage you know and oh I gave
us these rooms and storage but that
seems pretty decent I did notice that he
has a guest right now so that could help
me in my help him okay go on storage
come on start get up what what I that's
a global good store you oh oh
goo goo goo yawn yawn no he's not he's
not Hasaan de Maria de Maria de Maria de
Maria no how is that not a foul oh shit
no no no no oh oh
laughs al no no get rid get rid okay
let's go let's go last class jobs okay
okay that adding I wasn't even looking
at him go go google google we have three
minutes of injury time what the fuck how
is he catching me how is he catch me oh
yeah that's my boy that's my boy storage
right there and we are leading a half
time and you know what's gonna happen
with momentum I have to win this game I
mean it is pretty easy he's got a couple
more shots but they were all tired so
they don't count
oh my god no no do not just no no I know
no no no let's get rid of it Wow goo goo
goo goo no just the momentum change
there it is there's the shift where's
the shift is it I've lost I've lost now
finger and please be on please Chianti
Naru the ball storage storage what well
you'd literally just didn't even go for
it Oh balls no the new pose oh you
didn't even go near post that he's still
fricking scored go as P go as P come on
look get straight back home straight
back home deals what oh no seen them
please please please bill please bill
please let's go
yes all my days I'm to one out in the
84th minute and there is so much a death
on your side there's so much lag right
now please man I'm sore
since which there you go there you go
there's a nice little switch wait wait
there's the ball there's the ball then
we do a little ball in it no Joseph
damn it Jake that's the enough fee and
Shirley Shirley that's it that's just me
finally won a game I had been playing so
badly on this account recently but Inez
we have kept opposition in Division one
we got seven and a half thousand coins
extra so we now seventeen and our
thousand coins I probably should have
mentioned that the top comment was this
to create a whole new team so I'm going
to be going through and buying these
players in order just going through them
and making this new team so now many of
them I'm gonna be able to buy today this
one didn't even want to buy so
apparently okay so I did get it so we
made it this far okay so I've got six
players out of the eleven it's just the
defense and the goalkeeper supply I've
got like 1800 coins or something so you
know after like one or two more games I
should be able to afford most of the
players maybe not silver and Louise but
you know like that this will be done by
like halfway through division 1 maybe
I'll win the division but back to the
vision 1 we are go for the first game in
this division let's hope actions win and
the first game of division 1 again is a
oh my I should have got that PI it right
let's go lads come on storage do this
for me again man do it again do it again
all right wait alright there you go
there you go
whoa whoa bang ok or not what the hell
where no no no no no Nana Nana Nana Nana
no no no let's just just best calm down
a little bit let's calm down a little
bit boy okay come on Sol G come on
oh no no really you think I meant there
no oh wait what Diego what's the gone
shoot John storage can you shoot can you
fricking oh my god ball sacks no no yes
yes no what's given outside yeah it's
aside you know what I actually wish I
wish that I could just fricking have two
storages up front I wish I could have
the pink one I'm the normal one oh oh oh
oh oh oh do you mean Oh get there
shit are used are you serious you're
actually no no how the hell has me to
school like that didn't make sense that
didn't make any sense right let's go
let's go fan video platform boom boom
boom boom no hey go go go go go there
you go there you go there you go do
Barry on his left your left foot Ramirez
Ramirez oh this games a piece of shit I
am NOT winning this game guys I am never
gonna win Division one
oh the snake yes yes that's what you get
I deserve to be winning I know it's a
whole shit I tried reading it a try
reading it and it's over this dam is in
fast I've seen far side whoa drop said
surely that's a bad nines not a pen I
don't know why why are you pausing it
just piss off please great jelly Joe yes
yes you can make mistakes too soon
please yeah got the load to show a bag
of it that's actually it this guy is so
it was so bad I've started this division
of horrendously I have two point two
thousand coins I need to buy the defense
and the goalkeeper for that team then I
can finally use it and then I will the
win division one I just had to win but
anyway that's all for today thank you
guys for watching hopefully next episode
I'll actually win both games because I
haven't done that in a long long time
yeah thank you guys for watching and
sure oh my god okay maybe I didn't use
Caitlyn Jenner's face okay maybe maybe I
didn't it was Kendall obviously I chose
the Joker but that was fastest because
she knows I was what I was trying to do
I was trying to joke okay I'll just
actually get Caitlyn's face okay so the
actual Caitlyn Jenner looks something
like this
I guess I couldn't actually find a
picture of her
