what's up guys I realized the other day
that I haven't said thank you for
hitting any milestones recently overset
hit two million on my main channel this
channel when I hit a million on my
second channel and I never really said
thank you so before I even get into this
video thank you all so much I don't know
why I just didn't really do any videos
to celebrate it if you guys do follow me
on Twitter I did do some celebratory is
that even a word tweets I just wanna
thank you all so much for getting me to
where I am because it's put me in like a
position where I'm able to do stuff I
wasn't able to do before obviously doing
YouTube full-time is thus like a dream
come true and because of that a lot of
things have gone past like a lot of cool
opportunities like me and Toby have been
doing the Pepsi Max stuff recently which
if you haven't seen by the way here's a
quick trailer for one of them that we've
just done
so that video is right now that was just
the trailer you can click that or you
can click the video at the end and the
annotation so I went on a mEagle and
everything that could have gone wrong
went wrong everything crashed and I just
it just went horrendously I've ended up
being on there for a long long time
and yeah I hope you guys can enjoy this
video and again I just want to say thank
you this isn't like this isn't literally
everything I'm saying I'm not being like
oh this is my special video for 2
million and 1 million whatever this is
just video I thought I'd enjoy making
and you'd enjoy seen so yeah thank you
oh my god hi Simon
hi if this is real give me the middle
finger I'm not that mean holy shit yes
why what year were they good do you
remember one no good you just broke my
webcam you know the fucking sign man
army is searching for you right now I'm
holding the bunny skipper right now I'm
holding it press it go on I dare ya
be open I'm going to shoot chase I
because he's drop I'm not really I'm not
really I'm not really about really
scaring ya introduce my girlfriend's who
saw them on the side going out and we
just leveled aside many years ago I need
a girlfriend I can't hear you what
that was the drop I have no idea no she
whoa what was that noise
okay Simon uh nice magma hey I can't
believe I just did that to one of my
favorite youtubers Oh God ha ha ha
all right then I'll see ya oh my god
okay maybe I didn't use Caitlyn Jenner's
face okay maybe maybe I didn't it was
Kendall obviously I chose the Joker but
that was fastest no that was what I was
trying to do I was trying to joke okay
I'll just nice to get Caitlyn's face
okay so the actual Caitlyn Jenner looks
something like this
I guess I couldn't actually find a
picture of
