what's up guys are welcome to a surgeon
discard with ksi I'll come on now I
believe for so long to say that oh my
goodness
I'm here with people monster what's up
what's going on man I'm good I'm back so
today we're both putting up two players
I'm putting up 10 min of season tethers
and two meter season for a tee you were
putting up team in the season Shalini
and Team of the Year Thiago Silva also
the way we're going to fill the rest of
your team is by opening the 300k packs
putting the best players are those into
the positions and then taking it in
transfer guests position and you have to
discard whichever decision they say the
winner is the person that discards all
the other person special cards first but
before we start if you guys want to
kneel to a team go check out FIFA ninja
calm in the description usually tender
yet 10% discount right so we're going to
be open in all 300k packs the best
players make up the rest of the team so
if you get more special cards you want
put them in and they can be discarded I
don't actually want special cards come
on now I just want a team of this season
no you go cuz that I could discard it oh
yeah true Ohana gonna season my dad dot
mighty rated I got shit so you know yes
yet don't you actually physically get
shit I got a javi Nazi I just are inform
sch√ºrrle cleans off I don't know what
to do you got to do it it's easy but I
got Murat eager what do you do now okay
you know I'm gonna do I'm gonna put him
on a chance of a list yeah and then I'm
gonna put someone else in this position
if you guess that I'll go and discard it
okay so I'm gonna put this channel to H
we guy at in and if you get rid of him I
get rid of her at it you know what I'm
gonna look away I'm right I'm looking
away as well live lives away
alright the way I think it's open now if
yours open it up okay look at the screen
scroll all the way till right shit arty
this season again also really Oh tip of
the season oh that was clean that's
really not really bad one yeah I got
Tony gonna die hahaha
right so we both got our teams I have
four special players you have five I
know I have what you have
more to lose yeah I want to lose but I'm
happy that Pat them players to be honest
know if Ida Scott hopefully you don't
you know let's just I'm just going on
the fact of me winning here well I have
a woman before and as you are the guest
I will let you go first
okay so see gets a position microscope
I'm gonna go strategical because with
Harry's one-hour strategical okay with
the one on Harry's channel now how was
there's no strategies on this my
strategy is clean okay
oh my god alright I'm gonna go for your
left back my left back
yeah that's strategy did not work ah
good now my strategy is gonna be
blenders oh yeah I'm gonna go for your
left striker ah yes yes 86 rated
Rodriguez nice though by the way I'm
playing a full one two one two
he's playing a 4-4-2 so okay please stop
complaining in the comments I'm gonna go
for the gold people did I get someone
though doing stuff is that clean stuff
it's been super odd I see a team of the
season in your left mid oh not doing a
season but in the forum Sherlock okay
oh shut you got Sharla yeah inform
Sherlock okay Oh sixty to ninety came
price range okay descends the first of
the mouth that's like that's a decent
amount but he's gone
so third one I'm gonna go for your left
strike on yeah okay you actually got
someone there easy stuff you got chatter
Chewie Chewie and that is your Yeti
that's the again it's good stuff you
know so I have to discard the other
veracity I got so at least I get 10,000
coins out of it ah still have another
variety though so let's see Mac I'm
gonna get a variety honest when you can
try alright but
leave him right striker easy stuff Otzi
this is actually getting easy now let's
be honest good boy a stroke one lay the
right cycle you'll get for my right side
no no see that's good that's the truth
you're saying good that's the trick like
I don't
there's nothing day like I know there's
nothing there I can see yeah there's
definitely not a team you'll season
Tevez nah I can see I can see fruit
escape yes yes I can see for the Skype
yeah I know I got my dick out right now
so oh Jesus hahahaha
all right I'm gonna go for your rap mid
yeah oh no I told you though it's easy
stuff to be honest so what is for
turbans exactly that's really annoying
is it I told you I can see a million
coins and I'm getting 11,000 back
because that's what the game is right
he's gone I need to get someone I've
gone in for and that's it yeah but not
after I go for your right-center back
see you're just really bad at it now are
you serious yeah it's just it's golden
like you're just you're just really bad
at it so gonna first I'm not taking a
piss like what you want to do you have
four special cards left
yeah well let your centre second minute
it actually gets on this is s easy stop
to be honest oh I like admittedly it's
only Tony yes
where's our special God still a special
God and it means I have one left Tony's
gone back ah no that's actually quite
cute ooh bonus
what Philippe louise ski are you serious
this games broken i'm not designed to
win at this C DM C DM you say C DM yes
CDM so yeah uh javi you gone right I
live another day right all right to get
rid of someone else did I go for left
bite last time yeah okay which means I
want to go for left center back you know
it's actually quite cute now not if this
is a thing is John Terry ha ha if I
don't get if you don't get it now I have
to get sure we'll get one yeah yeah yeah
that's what so long as you don't get one
yeah I love ya if you get my last
Verratti whip right right shake the back
fuck this shit is stupid get Y like fuck
I told you is to clean shattered e there
is no strategy there is hi I put so I
put chili in my letters in the cinnamon
I put yoga silver in my right mid I put
um was his name - striker um Tony my
right back and I put mint and a
goalkeeper I have to Scott very first
this got him he's gone
he's gone that's two varieties gone and
how much place was that were to get well
that won't put bad milk
something like that that is 40 min of
seasons I made you discard one inform
that's it right we're gonna go record
another one of these on Petey's channel
okay you can check out in the
description like if if I don't win I
don't actually know if I ever want to
play this game again I think you need to
just get more training to be honest well
we'll see what happens on your channel
yeah why over there guys subscribe and
thank you guys for watching and see it
looks like you're ready boom oh my god
okay maybe I didn't use Caitlyn Jenner's
face okay maybe maybe I didn't it was
Kendall obviously I chose the Joker but
that was fast you know it I was what I
was trying to do I was trying to joke
okay I'll just actually get Caitlyn
space okay so the actual Caitlyn Jenner
looks something like this okay so good
