what's up guys are welcome to something
a little bit different I've done this
once before and I have seen it from
Adria on those channel you can find him
in the description seen JJ do it
recently if you haven't guessed what it
is by now is the game face I've chosen
someone that you know some of you may be
like why the fuck have you chosen them
but I thought why not before I even show
you who is if you guys wanna Nields with
Team Coins check out FIFA ninja calm in
the description jeez many tiny attempts
at discount oh god here we go we're
gonna have to show you who I am choosing
if you don't remember last time I played
with Ethan's mom giggity and he didn't
yeah I play dingo and went up front in
the end six seven no yeah I think we
should just changed it up the name this
man before also known as daddy even his
commentary name is before I just want to
see if you guys can guess this oh there
we go then downloaded can you guess who
it is
that's not even that bad
okay gets a little worse the closer you
get this is the before remember so this
one shouldn't actually be that bad if
any of you guess Bruce Jenner than well
done because I wouldn't have got that
now obviously this is the before so we
need to go for the after so obviously
Bruce Jenner had the sex change Caitlyn
Jenner this is what she looks like
you ready boom oh my god okay maybe I
didn't use Caitlyn Jenner's face okay
maybe maybe I didn't it was Kendall
obviously I chose the Joker but that was
what I was trying to do I was trying to
joke okay I'll just nice to get
Caitlyn's face okay so the actual
Caitlyn Jenner looks something like this
I guess I couldn't actually find a
picture of her fully front on and to the
side so yeah they're faced with a little
bit deformed like
massive scar down the side of her face
and there's this weird bulge on the side
as well I mean I think that's pretty
decent
to be fair I mean I would why I mean I
would if I was looking at this angle
fuck that angle screw it Caitlin's
playing a game hi come on let's go mommy
let's go Oh
Kaitlyn on the ball Kaylin on the ball
Oh Kaitlyn's turn one again okay okay
now again we're getting rid of that aim
for Kaitlyn I'm great your head now Oh
Kaitlyn those up those applause Oh
Kaitlyn that for you a good with balls
man Oh
Kaitlyn's away Kayla's away Kaitlyn's
away get our it's not the first set of
balls to get away from her
come on Kaitlyn give him the sausage one
going give him that one you have one to
spare now fuck's sake okay oh okay
what a great half of football what a
great half I was going on a run give me
that ball give me the ball give me the
ball
come on that's something that Kaitlyn
never says slides lat come on
like Kaitlyn get rid get rid what do you
do oh my god
oh my oh my oh my oh my
no no no no not now not now not now No
he's wide open go open go why is what's
happening what's happening come on
Kaitlyn
we're going for the cross we're going
for the cross okay well it takes a goner
run in that's gonna be oh I had nothing
to do with that go wrap of go Rambo no
no damn it give it to Kaitlyn oh there
he thinks he's been through don't even
pass gone I'm back post I'm running in
I'm running in throne is Kaitlyn Wow
I mean she's new to it hopefully she'll
get better ahead Bing heading heading
that's it oh you say we warden I mean
the maddest thing about this is the fact
that it actually looks
like Caitlyn Jenner you may disagree
with me but I see caitlyn jenner when i
look at that big right that's all i'm
doing today we're on this thing so thank
you guys for watching if you want me to
do anyone else let me know that sounded
mad if you want me to do this kind of
thing again let me know in the comments
a guy's watching and see you okay you
know what I can't actually believe I'm
doing this but let's just get it over
and done with
first 50k pack please can I get someone
good I can go okay so we get Rodriguez
the team of the season and he's 85 rated
but this is Sydow a lot better than I
thought it would but now it has to
decide whether I get to keep them okay
so the flavor I'm choosing is don't
