what's up guys and welcome to a new idea
I've tried I've tried this before with
penalties this homies and pack seen
boozled ok so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna be opening the 50k packs that out
right now then depending on ways in
there if I want to keep obviously if I
guess I mean she'll just discard it
anyway but if there's something good I'm
gonna spin this wheel which is over
there the jellybeans that it says and if
it tastes nice I get to keep the packet
it doesn't taste nice I have to discard
it you know I could get tutti frutti or
I can get stinky socks they're the same
jellybeans but honestly they taste
different I did this with penalties as I
said against Toby where if you miss you
have to eat one and yeah I got dog food
four times in a row so before we slide
you guys want any able to achieve gross
check up even intercom in the
description using until you get 10%
discount or for example this one could
be the toothpaste or berry blast
so it was toothpaste ok you know what I
can't actually believe I'm doing this
but let's just get it over and done with
first 50k pack please can I get someone
good and I can go yep a seasonable first
pack
okay so we get Rodriguez the team of the
season and he's eight vibrated but this
is slide out a lot better than I thought
it would but now we have to decide
whether I get to keep them or not okay
so the flavor I'm choosing is the white
one so a spun and got the white one and
it is either coconut or baby wipes and I
I hate coconut so this is kind of an
instant discard please the coconut
all right I know what to do is baby
wipes but it tastes kind of nice fuck's
sake
first pack I got a team in a season and
I get the freakin disgusting one first
back and I have to discard freaking
Rodriguez pack - lets go please can I
get someone good and actually gets
keeping this time I've already got a
team of the season in my first pack we
get we're out these low what the fuck
these plaques are amazing now I swear so
if I get another bad one now this one is
either vomit or people vomit is the
worst one Nick this is vomit and I have
to discard that it's just a fucking kick
in the balls its feet I get the Gipper
se ah I don't even like peeps that much
so that tastes so good oh that means
were a sea welcome to my club 2 packs -
teen season - the rights to thought if I
was expecting this just go terribly but
pack 3 we we get informed we get salad
and we also get silver so you know I'm
playing for an inform and an 87 rated
player oh shit
we got another vomit or peach please be
meat here we go
it's peach again either I'm getting so
lucky with the last two packs boom boom
it just tastes really really good
davin silver welcome to my club Salo
welcome to my club I think I'm more
amazed by the fact that I've opened
three packs got timber season team of
the season inform pack for let's see
what I get can I get four in a row can I
get four good card Wow we got unta tea
and cruise these packs are ridiculous
we have either stinky socks or
tutti-fruitti you know what I'm being a
man about is I'm being a man um this
moment evening
but shops do not days like that that
means I have to discard a team of
seasoned anonym yeah thanks to 26,000
thanks thank you
final pack of this account I'm going to
open one more account to another five
packs and if I get someone good in this
pattern this is just ridiculous five
packs five good car I've already got
five good cards and we get another team
what the fuck is this please be very
please be very last please please please
over to page um
fuck's sake fuck this stupid game I've
just started three team in a season's
fekir 89 page striker or because of
freaking toothpaste toothpaste I'm gonna
be good for you and now I have to
discard it because you know what this is
a stupid idea but we have a second
account with 50k pack pack one of the
second accounts of six pack I've got
something good in every pack and I get
another frickin frackin save it a season
ok another free contumacy we have either
booger or pear to decide whether I get
to keep for NZ
leaves being higher the I did right
madam back from people eat their bogies
what the fuck
the bad thing is now the discard is
actually the least bad thing eating a
bogie flavoured
this I can't we're going for the second
pack for the second account please I
don't know
get him again and to redeem myself and
keep florenzi this time I get the either
eat lime or lawn clippings yes oh my god
I actually get to keep blue NZ looks
alright to be honest I'm sorry that be
more Bodhi or vomit flavored things
three packs left and I haven't got a
pack without anything in so you know
what I'm hoping for more teaming seasons
I've got seven I've done seven six packs
and I've got something get them okay you
know what i'ma just straight discard
that I eat a jelly bean two packs
remaining please if I got that ypres I
think I think he's impacts if I got Ebro
we get her low these are just these are
shocking now happened that means we are
on our last pack we are on the final 50k
pack please can I get someone good I've
had team a season that's on my last two
packs and this time I get nothing really
really Martinez is my really fuck it
we're going with this instead I decided
that pipe wasn't good enough so I open
15k pace until I got a car DS and now we
have the final card the final bean to
decide whether I keep him or not here we
go with the final bean we flick it we
know it's a tutti frutti won again you
know what I've decided to change it we
have either dog food or chocolate
pudding based on last time when I got
four dog foods in a row this Shirley
Shirley I can't get five in a row dog
food tastes horrible I'm about to bite
down in three two one
there's no chocolate pudding wider but
why why dog food I've literally got so
many good players in this and I have to
discard nearly all of them so car D is
the next and final play you know what
not funded find this stupid game fuck
bean boozled I actually think that they
highly regulated of nice once they put
in there I thought it was gonna be like
5050 but it is definitely not and now
that I have gone and destroyed my taste
buds and I've discarded so many team in
two seasons at least I got to keep a
ratty and I think it was Sylar screwing
this game screw bean boozled I'm done
thank you guys for watching and see ya
Willy and just run just just run don't
don't look back don't look okay you know
what you know look you're gonna look at
why what the fuck is going on Laurie
sighs a ridiculous safe no no yes I
don't know how is the momentum has just
changed okay let's go let's go let's go
away turn back turn back oh no wait
Diego come
