Scala smells lies a Division one title
and and I fired but mainly the division
thing we have four games left and if I
win all four games I win the title so
today I can just fuck up Division one I
have to do the whole division again
hopefully that's not the case hopefully
it puts me in a position for a epic
finale now you guys were pretty clear
who you wanted me to buy you said get
rid of Liliana get Alexis Sanchez even
Sanchez agreed and when you got the
backing of Leonel messy how can I turn
it down oh yeah by nodding enough coins
I only have six thousand coins guys
Sanchez is gonna be the next player we
buy I'll have enough coins hopefully
after this episode but we do have a free
gold pack and I didn't get lazy Sanchez
right before we get into a game if you
guys want to kneel to a team coins check
out people ninja dot-com in the
description usually tell you get ten
percent discount this is no joke anymore
we are going for the Division one title
I've already finished my SFG series and
now this could be another series
potentially finishing very very soon the
fuck is wrong with my voice right now
and we all my days really pay all right
this is a big moment let's do this come
on Diego let's go let's go Diego Diego
Costa Diego Costa oh oh oh oh no breath
wherever mmm go
wait wait wait wait oh my god oh my god
am i lucky egg who did it what are you
in off the face like that evil crust is
really getting into the depot's let's go
yes
go away go away fuck again oh my god go
go oh my okay no no no no no I see where
you can oh boy I didn't watch ah fuck
you bail wow wow wow wow wow okay Diego
Costa is a monster no no no no Oh Kate
thank you always go let's go let's go
really bad throw let's go you make one
bad throw and suddenly it's a goal every
freakin time Willie and just run just
just run don't don't look back don't
look okay you know what you know look
you're gonna look at why what the fuck
is going on Laurie sighs a ridiculous
safe no no yes I don't know how it the
momentum has just changed okay let's go
let's go let's go away turn back turn
back oh no wait Diego good no wait no I
didn't do that you stupid smelly person
halftime to one up I if I draw I don't
get the title I can't physically get the
title right now it doesn't look like I'm
gonna see this game out what the fuck is
that kind of past what the fuck is that
gonna pop what the hell
you can't just literally do a 360
no-scope pass over everyone look he's
nice-looking and he just thought that
this is unfair you know I'm still on
American time I've just come back from
LA so you know he is seeing the future
no no no no please
but you know I can't you know what you
know I can't draw or lose this man
that's it that's the game over that's
the like bail right foot slighting how
the fuck do you get that much power I've
actually just gone and lost what the nod
this neither his bail is broken the
barrel is broken here superpowers he's
made a mistake a Charlie's jumped on it
yes right we need one more though we
need one more goal and I know because
I'm staying on ultra Sakon this is gonna
bite me in the butt run run run run run
run run okay oh oh please please do
Maria please forgive all nuther great
ball oh my god he's taking bail oh he's
taken bail on I may have a chance here
no stop stop I see the past No
are you serious are you are you serious
that's it it's done this friggin
division is fuck fuck what the hell man
I'm not even confident I'm gonna stay in
the division anymore he's got bronze and
Silver's I know they got pace but
confidence all-time love it's gonna
actually have to be a ridiculous
Willie oh no don't pop player on the
light you little bitch I just don't have
the confidence right now I just don't
know what to do good even if I win this
game what I'm still in this division
okay run video run look look how many
players he gets back I don't know how he
does it
there you got this the past there's one
more oh yeah this is this is just great
isn't it this is just great fanta when
we go over here okay that's that so that
was ridiculous plus add challenge that
was I don't know why I didn't just shoot
with Tavis
guys so boring this guy is so boring
Divini oh come on tobe neo
there's no one in all right what the
Freak was that I don't okay this is this
is where we have to be a little bit
clever about it a little bit clever no
why does everyone broke everything
why can't they just let me have fun in
school do you think of a yo-yo
yeah what the fuck what the fuck what
the fuck what up where does my defense
keep going and Emenike is not gonna miss
he actually this that's it that that's
it that's another game that's another
game and I'm just gonna drawn it the
freakin scores now if he scores now are
you what's going on No
like it's Aryan how the hell have I just
lost this game
Harvey lost both games next episode I'm
buying a lazy sanchez and I need to win
one freaking game I don't even want to
talk anymore
all right I'm genuinely pissed off right
now yeah thank you guys watching and see
you please can you just there there it
is Wow okay please will ya please yeah
he thinks I'm gonna turn it but I'm not
crossing it yeah yeah really
Stephen Voss I've seen your false ID
please Shelley for Charlie Charlie yes
what's such a bad finish for Shelley
scores come on one more one more goal
one more freakin Oh No
