I
we are into the playoffs of division one
end of the regular season you're going
to find out Wow now when I click
continue press the wrong button while
we're into this I am playing Buenos
Aires of be a British Airways then I'm
gonna have to play either Paris or
London then we're into the final and I
think that is Division one that's one
vision one one equals Division two I'm
not wasting any time
we're playing be a straight away last
time I played luck Ryanair this time I'm
gonna play like virgin
what let's do this bring it on ba okay
JJ JJ you're on a little rampage okay
now you've decided to turn out pass it
there again okay we go for the bicycle
ball okay I'll do that why did you sign
what what what what
oh my days there you go there's the
passing listen to the party movement
near post wow did that not go in
it looks like I'm going out what the
fuck why argon I school no well
seriously seriously I'm starting get
panning now JJ JJ JJ this is your chance
what the no just please why there's
somebody people know I'm actually gonna
lose I'm actually going to lose look the
time wasting please please please give
me the ball what the Frick what them
what them not pass plus our sauces us
please please this is JJ JJ chuji to bid
just you have to school that no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no lost
hey wait Vic nah defend defend I don't
know why bands if you draw I don't know
what happens but actually wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait
no my god really oh my god that was a
good effort
Ethan you know what what what's
happening no no why it's going on oh my
golly is next time I think it's golden
go oh my god JJ JJ this is your chance
to be a hero
tries to be a hero chip in sure oh my
gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh no wait
Zoop yes yes JJ - what a thing is it big
wait is it
celebrate celebrate I don't care for no
no is that it was the defender doing
that's a great tackle from Josh and JJ
that's little spin and flick to like the
reverse little flick is that wisent over
why is it not
we asked me with all my days that's only
the semi-finals against PA oh my Dave
London beat Paris that's good for me
because London I went as good as Paris
but who knows in the playoffs anything
goes here please to make this easier
than the last one please please can I
not have what I just had I don't want to
go to extra time
please Japan JJ please that's it done
one-nil toss it back Vic with the pot
pass again chipper for JJ finally
bicycle kicks are starting to work I you
know what you know what we are still
just go for these bicycle kicks because
JJ is on Form uh-huh form form
he's on form play look it up look at
look at that what the hell was going on
few minutes ago he was in the post on
everything yeah JJ who spore that what
was going on five Neal five freaking
Neal I Josh lost okay no nevermind we
win trees we are in super I know and we
are playing bull in the place that the
champions you know what this is the
Champions League final it's in Berlin I
win I I don't even know what all I know
is that I have won Division One
play-offs it's a three minute game as
well burly but I the ginger German is
back
Fabian big are they JJ chips it is thick
okay it looks like it's gonna be one of
those days it looks like it's doing one
of those days boys it's not it's gonna
be my day it's my day please can I just
have it simple if this goes in excusing
who actually we're winning we're winning
this game
Ethan's on a run ethers on a run but can
you scoff no that's a grateful grateful
josh is on a run that's why there's no
Germans that's why survival of the
fittest and nearly he is not fit to be a
goalkeeper I you know what we're gonna
demolish them we're actually going to
embarrass them Josh good goal the thing
I don't understand is the first game was
on the same difficulty as this so why is
this so much easier squeezes it's
actually two nah Toby you keeping a
clean sheet today you are keeping a
clean ship no
no really my header as well a header
five four three so okay we've school
with two seconds left I didn't really
mean to but whatever done celebrate
let's celebrate Toby made eleven saves
to be fair what happens now what happens
now what happens end of season okay and
continue we lost five games in that
vision and we still won the title okay
Cup winner but much as we say it we just
we just go back in but that's it there's
no trophy ceremony there's nothing
there's no cutscene no not just games
worse than me for fuck this game
