what's up guys and welcome to a
flashback people with me and Josh today
we are playing fifa 2001 this second the
first people I had and as you can tell
by is that perfect in a one eyebrow this
is just fantastic
it's pretty sick look it doesn't look
quite oh you see that
I swear this is I didn't feel the game
fascinating it just bad but for the new
one so deep 16 and then we will leave it
like women as well before I get into
this if you guys want any other
particulars check out deeper lynda.com
in the description using any 10 get 10%
discount if you're wondering by the way
why we're so white it's because this TV
is out that as well but also this TV is
just so big for a game that's men we
played on a box like this size so the
air pixels ah
I want to be mean but I also want to win
to be a bitch no I'm gonna be Chelsea
I'm just I'm just going all-out sweat
I'm being Chelsea you're gonna be I am
gonna be Arsenal am I going to show you
what good athlete but no one let's do
this he's scared I think yeah your team
is the old I don't know who that is a
sock advice last one like like a cow was
it by n otherwise I can't wait but I got
Zola I've got a Hasselbeck jeez
I know des ie prey on the so yes i ii
guess i e so this IE that's i guess i
eat right alright let's go oh no yes I
won't wait well me what grandmother yeah
oh do you got the offense by it what
that's done up what like that disgusting
bring all so disgusting yes your if we
enjoy defender black guy with the cows
what point license listener this is
another highlight challenge during a
race is referees racist you're injured
Nate they've genuine rate student
happening right now all right
that's not sprint I refused to sir oh my
god sort of boots I love shits or what
what are you doing maybe I don't know
more agent doing modeling money
goalkeeper kid look it's got that no no
let's go down one more time yes keep
sitting he's gonna go keep sitting no
your team dissing go listen your actual
scum what
no how do you score I don't think you
can do it Jimmy
Jenny well Jimmy Olsen Oh Jimmy give me
deeper there's no way to school
button-down yep yes yes it go like
around the goalkeeper to school yeah man
though no it seems has the same haircut
no it is that a we highlighted tricks
okay little tricks up my sleeves very
short ones but hey Oh hold on okay go on
then do something do something go on
thank Papa Papa always making a
substitution it makes me very non bit
you bring my this bird can make up shit
but I think oh yes he's brilliant Mike
Wow
it's got me the white one seal fat
muscle I sick there's over reigns 43 go
I want the ball I want to show you our
three I don't want to see your tricks go
soda wrap your static invoices
I want to see the trick Donna tricks
whoa
I let you through
I let you know Strobel alright if you
did then oh it's just before half-time
scripting was about this time as well
skip their Skipton waking ends oh no you
know scoring just before okay but you
can go back to school wait look at that
Auto glass repair why does the classroom
is within the game to fall that's I'm
saying anything that's not gonna that's
Alicia final girls go to dinner - dinner
- dinner still indicate I love me ah
that's not the case I wait I'm just not
sure fine hi I'm not some of you I want
to show you the trick
what is it you trick oh no no
don't wind it ah oh okay others gonna
sell me on with inland look at my living
in you look you're gonna shoot you from
here what do you like like an injury
water over it yeah puss there you go rap
rap rap oh my god Josh ever chance go
nobody know yeah pooping a hole like
that
do you eat cheap you just tackle you are
in those games no fun see why why is
that I am gone I set you off
yeah she was I this game just nothing
could leave me like this now okay no
enemies are you it's good yeah what is
what we'll see for that then man of a
match Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink
sponsored by shopping in already way it
is this all recap this is this is where
you murder a mystery here and then Nala
I tackled you there son haha and then oh
look if you kiddin don't know I I think
of it I had a principle that I actually
dive over ball I dive over the ball make
and then you oh this good inside the
bomb protect you're just like wait
inside each other right now you know
you're just like now scoring's to
mainstream right so that's all for today
on this be for wheel sir I've got
another flashback people on just each
other which you can check out in the
description that's all for today Thank
You Josh for playing thank you guys for
watching and good now you get no one
eats at the big bald head oh my god
please please yes yes finally a good
friggin fryer team of the season Albus I
don't think he's best goalkeeper in
teases nothing Bravo is but I can't
complain go can go can go can go can go
can go can't go can't all right high
that's one that's one one down
Vonnie in the neck
