all right what's up that's embarrassing
let's get on with a pack opening right
now there's the team of the season from
the Liga BBVA got win now do we got
messy we got Neymar we got some others
I'm gonna be opening some packs and
finding some if you guys want Emile to
the team posted I'll keep the ninja calm
in the description usually tell you get
temps a discount right here we go first
hey are you ready for its first pack is
always good and we always skip and is in
the right league all right come on first
pack first pack let's do this we skip no
way to do is just not to care I don't
care because if you don't care be able
just reward you WR will give us a guy
doesn't care you know su you know that's
basically Ronaldo swear these Paxton's
shit I sweat all da good pasta Mike what
da fuck Diego Costa and I'm gained like
10,000 coins max now I'm getting cerca I
love getting a spaz in a pack you know
it's great it's great I don't want to
team of the season I want a spouse
that's a pity
ha ha ha buddy you're a boy make a big
noise playin in the street gonna be a
big lads are very got cowboy and hat
ah it's usually fights on the card way
like they lured you in I said this in
week one
the first week is so easy now you get
know when it's at the big bald head oh
my god please please dad
yes finally a good freakin flyer team of
the season Alba's I don't think he's
best goalkeeper in team is nothing Bravo
is but I can't complain go can go can go
can go can go can go okay go can't all
right hi that's one that's one one down
we get Cavani in the net that's the
floodgates are now open and um please
leave
oh my day trying to make me look like a
bell end out here I'd use that joke too
much come on give me one more one more
one more one more one more
now we just lose that
is the food I mean these is alright and
I mean I guess we'll take it as long as
I'm getting blues I'm happy no look the
sky pack here we go and I'll skip in
three two one
I think that should have hopefully done
it and done
ba gonna reward me now with a 94 - 12
rated riot I called it I nailed it at
gait√°n Oh
both oh my fucking days holy shit 49
pace 1917 our does that make a 19.1 one
eternity later 63 years old now they
need to take granddad's out the game one
more blue would do mean I see one more
cast and man you got step ball is the
new he is but as I said it like 10 times
of war blue is a blue even if he is one
of the worst ones in the whole team of
the season hahaha come on Renaldo's time
for an out Oh time for big ok we're all
dude
I say this every time it gives happening
every time I'm looking for some blues I
don't get a blue I get sick non blue you
know in the Bundesliga ones I got mullah
and lower down ski both like 90 for it
if I get a 90 full rate in play almost
got a hey I just need one ninety four or
higher rated player are you gotta think
about what you won your head I'm
thinking of Ronaldo and Messi but shoes
on are Ronaldo I'll take em up yet
straight take her an alley now do big a
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god okay
there's an IC rated player who's
actually DS not 94 eight about ninety
rated player oh my face I have open so
many packs and haven't got anyone I
finally got a few players like DK and
by baggy and skepta it's all coming
together so nicely now please one more
25k packs please please do me justice
and give me the lighter layers all right
wait oh what the fuck who the fuck was a
guy that sounds like a beer final 35k hi
this is the last packet of pack opening
and I am done and we get just just also
mehndi set now back with 78 you know
what he's actually probably better than
pk I mean no Clemente has been physical
same defending better dribbling better
pace but PK does have Shakira I'd still
be PK right so that's all for today
imagine in the last Packers always do as
I say goodbye hey you guys watching this
pack opening and Williamson and ever and
sweet way to shoot Noorvik I've
remembered the button-up remember the
button but passed across Y my past what
am i doing
pass there you go okay and JJ chip stood
for Josh oh don't limbs you okay to take
a sitter what the fuck what just
happened what the fuck just happened
okay go go go go go go ah
