we are back with the but munches and we
are in tenth position with five games
left I taking no prisoners today I need
to come in the top eight to get to the
playoffs and win this division hopefully
this is the second last episode purely
because if I win this and I gain to the
top eight next episode will be the
playoff support efficient one
I'm not waste any more time but today
the first game is against Patty so we
are gonna take them on and wit let's go
come on let's kick the air in the face
clément fuck off yeah quad Josh gorge
oh Sh
look at run look at our pace we are
getting okay Josh Josh bang no I'm I
forgot the bug to shoot I wish it was
shit you know what let's just go for the
safe option now we what are you ready
for this you ready for that pass that
you got passed bang waste waste shoot
your Vic I've remembered the button uh
remember the button but passed across
why my past what am i doing puss there
you go okay and jayjay chips turd for
Josh oh don't let me show Kate the
kingís hitter what the fuck what just
happened what the fuck just happened
okay go go go go go go ah shoot oh I
lost the Perry's zombie I can't believe
I lost I'm playing Buenos Aires now and
my controllers out a battery sick the
only positive I can take from that game
is the fact that if Toby didn't do that
then I would have freaking drew NASA
gets top of the league so I should be
able to beat seven why am I playing
British Airways Josh has the ball josh
has the blue chip sir Jake why do I miss
so many of those I don't understand what
I do wrong no no no Vic that was the
most powerful bicycle kick I've ever
seen and I'm losing a frag again the
division one is ridiculous what that
what the hell please just do it just
please like wow why no Jay Jay Jay Jay
Jay Thank You JJ that's 101 in one more
goal come on one more goal to beat
British Airways alright five four three
no I had to shoot I had to freakin shoot
why do I draw I played like
in there I'm into the topic I don't know
how but I'm into the time omitting it
eight position but if I lose this game
cats on maracas maracas take over me
okay there you go they know JT check
what we're okay just really JJ Josh Josh
and a run just a road bike thank you
this the first time I've taken the lead
got come on one there you go Oh dawn
what just happened
go go go go go and chipping in for JJ JJ
really really stuck piss me off now no
no no all my dates please get out of
garden foul in three two oh shoot there
we go we win
finally I honestly didn't think I was
gonna get a win today based on how I
played
and that's only moved me up one season
that's great two games left Amsterdam
and then someone else who lose I think
if I win one I think I'm pretty much
safe so Amsterdam I'm sorry to do this
to you but I'm um no Lars last we'll get
there yeah there you go there you go
that's how we need to play what tights
tights ties allow it allow it what it's
got you see that dribbling he's got some
juju on me his name is time he's met his
name what was time that's not a name
Josh so angle ah bang over go oh my days
up finish I've gone and done it
Nick just whatever I've done it I don't
even care anymore gun posture there all
right you know what time it's time there
you go three two one done thank you very
much we've won another game two in a row
ad we are in sixth position as long as I
don't lose I am in the top eight and
that means next episode 10 surely I
could win the division but next up we
got Chico time that name is just too
close to butt crack I can't I can't deal
with it
Josh Oh
- easy now butt crack you can't do
anything Josh you're scoring this Josh
there's the goal Josh is through goes
again three nil this game is all about
you know just as soon as I'm actually
playing well I do well ah you know what
we go for that we have a scored one
today we're going for the buzzer go
are you are you really like there's a
reason I haven't school by school okay
okay you know what we have time for one
more chart bicycle if I couldn't oh fuck
off poor frickin Neil look how my
players are doing now look at that look
they're all like 60 a trade in total
I've qualified for the playoffs and a
regular season next episode potentially
the last line and I'll a bizarre flat
still better than fifa though that's all
for today thank you guys watching and
soup storage with the cry kicking Miss
de Maria Samaria on your debut these are
these big book that where well I'll keep
that in mind
that's why it kind of worked what's a
given for what are you are you serious
not a diving that guy eyes that guy why
do I play so many people that okay the
Phenom oh this is a fancy table fast
example there it is
