what's up guys and welcome to another
Ultimate Team we are really really
getting close to the end of this series
if I can win all my games then I will
end on episode 50 I didn't realize that
until today that would be perfect so I'm
gonna make it happen now I asked you
guys to like each other's comments and
you guys actually did there were a lot
of likes comments but the most liked
comment was from actually a professional
footballer Di Maria didn't know he spoke
English but his comment said this he
asked me to buy him and let him have a
go he said he wouldn't get red card so
we're gonna test that we're gonna bite
the Maria right now for 17 thousand any
time there we go
shit some poor centre forward we also
got a free cold pack which we get please
don't get de Maria now okay yeah we
didn't get anyone shut up buds so we're
gonna get rid of you demaris in let's
see how this goes
now before we gave to again if you guys
want any other team question cup fifa
ninja don't calm in the description use
many 10 and you get a 10% discount
division one two wins today that's what
I want to frickin wins I lose most I
come in the title okay so we got a BBVA
team that's pretty decent but I can wait
because we on a Batman which no way
that's a different series okay oh my
days what a ball Shelley's in Chile Oh
ever we can always read that keep gives
you know London are does it go how am I
losing oh my god I'm losing and I as I
said I have to win I kind of have to win
okay go go go go go yeah oh my days are
than I'll win it but we're only eight
minutes into the game and it's already
won all okay surely go surely go
surely oh wait bus who like a normal
storage with the cry kick you miss de
Maria shimmery up on your debut these
are these big book that where well I'll
get that annoying mind that's what it
kind of worked
what's a given for what are you are you
serious no I don't mean that guy eyes
that guy why do I play so many people
that okay the Phenom oh this is
fancy gerbil fancy trouble there it is
oh okay call corner call corner from
that the corner is the one that I score
from there it is there's a shocking
corner you know oh my god is gonna get
the last time she's got a hard time
eight hot tiger Please Please Me okay
and a half just just end it there we go
I stays half no you don't want it no you
don't blow the whistle you really want
to just really this is happening look
now it's after there we go
it has been such a dull game for one Oh
considering it is 108 the first eight
minutes
please don't score this after all the
frickin charts as I've had four free
kicks Polly no don't score this now do
not don't be that guy don't get that guy
Wow Wow
why don't I just become a cunt and put
someone on the line why don't I do that
I I complain about everyone else doing
it why don't I do it okay run run please
please can you just there there it is
Wow
okay please will you add please yeah he
thinks I'm gonna turn it but I'm not
crossing it yeah yeah really see the
boss I've seen your far side please with
Charlie for Charlie Charlie yes I was
such a bad finish for surely scores come
on one more one more goal one more
frickin go no no no oh my god shit shit
no no that's a goal I'm losing again
please where's the where the players
they're there yo things I'm running in
but I'm not what the frick gone up get
off the bitch there's a tiny wait wait
wait I'm turn it out turn out Shirley
Shirley why are you doing like that's it
that's it we've lost we've actually lost
the first game I said I need to win two
today
I'm blamed DeMaria I blame him from that
the blue line has moved from 27 points
to 14 they think I'm only just gonna
stay safe it's time for the Italian team
I'm not messing about anymore and I've
come off
silver team that that could go either
one of two ways one he's gonna be a
silver team so I should win to handicap
and he has a reason for these players
let's find out let's find out why he has
these players there you go there you go
there you go to us to us got a big shine
okay he's gone attack he's gone attacked
stop it
I know where it's gonna yeah there you
go there you go there you go great play
this is something that surely
handicapped can't stop come on I got
bigger players than him okay no it can't
okay stop this stop this no no no I
could see that going from a ride away oh
no no right here the bomb badges to the
bottom go go go go go go make a run make
a run Tevez make a run all right yeah
just run past the doubt also I'm always
made it through he's past the back he's
not mad nope no oh oh oh no no please
there was two other players okay what
the hell is actually happening like how
is he getting through here
Oh see those tickets it please why is
this oh shit don't close it up play wait
wait where's my plate where are my
players halftime that has him in a
single shot that what is this I'll tell
you what it is this is the vision one I
get rid get rid of get rid of okay
that'll do doctor there you go what a
book what about what about what up all
coach video go go go go go go go sit off
his line seen offers a lot of water you
do it made that is why you have a silver
team oh my god please yes yes sir Bob oh
yes posit no are you sick you actually
thought I was passing that thought I
would you really
you thought I'd do that against what ice
without kind of it's not what's ours it
oh ow bleep oh my god how is he still
going how's this step right no okay
come on bow bow bow bow hey Ref please
go link okay no no no no okay
we possibly can fake shot
Wow Wow Wow please be on please be on
it's all it's a goal that was amazing
video on the wing davina on the wing to
be Niro on the wing gets across in aa
back posted that was that was actually
going off her throat no no no no no no
no what a cleave she please cruisin
really outside hahaha no really
okay now he is actually gonna we were
yeah which means we are two points off
of safety in this division 11 points off
the title and I have four games left
side I have to win every single game six
nine thousand coins let's see how it
goes next episode be sure to leave a
comment on who you want me to buy the
most like are we the one I choose that
guy's watching as so nice and calming oh
oh you don't play poker so I don't want
to I don't want to say that's a double
bluff
ah no : ah I hate you goalie
yes it worked
I can fail see you later bow that works
so well
hey to be that guy I would like
