what's up guys are welcome to another
certain discard today my opponent and my
guest is herd of buffalo what's up
George I'm good man how you doing I'm
doing well just a little bit you know a
little bit nervous I want to lose my
players yeah I'll think about our
princes as well I'm not sure if I'm
happy with our position my players on
the grid so I don't know I'm putting up
team Edison sembello Abbey even a season
now their team in a season villa you
will pay up who are you putting up I
don't know if you could wait every time
I do a video there's something wrong
with something in my house my washing
machine decided to have a fit last I did
a video now the door slide like no key
there's almost no one there sorry okay I
was just like so confused right now
I've grown up seeing the season John
Terry team of the season Alexis Sanchez
and seen the season fabric we also
recorded another video on George's
channel which you can check out in the
description or on his channel and before
we stop you guys want any Ultimate Team
Coins check out fifa ninja calm in the
description use many 10 you get 10%
discount the way we are gonna build this
team is we obviously have those three
players will open 15k packs and forget
and up gold players fill the rest of the
team and yeah then we start on please
don't be something good but I wanted to
discard if you have you get teams a
seasoned player now oh okay that's all
good
I just got John Terry noting the seasons
I don't want to do that I don't have to
discard more yep there we go my players
are in position and ready to go so
online which means there's only one
thing left to do as I am pretty
confident right now and you are the
guest and let you go first
oh thank you very much where am I
thinking I'm trying to imagine your face
on the other side of the street we make
it players instead of my face
well yeah such a good we thought were
moving swiftly on I'm good I'm gonna
wipe out your Ryback ah
Casey it was it was pity you can see
that but it was Jesus I was about to say
is it pity
hahaha that is just awful
if there was a joke of the year award
mate you would be in prime contention
eyes fabulous cuff I'm gonna be a pity
when you discard your left mid Oh Marcus
Rojo I always liked being confident when
I say something is good to know if it if
it's good when I look sick now
yeah that's Troy please Oh Frank Lampard
may brighten it Jonathan see you later
mate right tell about please Oh Sergio
Busquets
ah that guy see when you said Jonathan I
honestly thought you would like to what
Carrie no I was like why is he not sad
now using going oh oh you don't play
poker so I don't want to I don't want to
say that's a double bluff ah
no Colin ah I hate you go a la loli yes
it worked
I can fail CLA about that work so well
hate to be that guy I would like you to
discard your cam please no that's one
who got the big bald ahead of Mehldau oh
shit he sells for a lot of coins
actually that is quite a good little
coop right now I'm happy with that as
long as you don't get my mother oh I'm a
big fan mullah calling yogurts when I
was a little boy it's written in the
stars is written in the stars when I
made that pity joke and you know I
wasn't true that was not true I wasn't
looking for laughs that was genuinely
making a construct a coin about my
yogurt ah don't stray street I just got
Naldo 10,000 coins
he's gone just imagine you put in
Santa's and left center back Oh flip it
how Jonathan is now officially gone
Jonathan Terry yes whoa that's one old I
knew you're gonna get one that time as
well okay can you please dispatch your
goalkeeper no debris no no he's not even
in this it's Mulla Mulla oh I just
worked on your best card why did you
come and go because I thought you
wouldn't go for that I didn't think you
were that guy I didn't I've never been
that guy I just so you wouldn't think
I'm that guy
a 94 red player and I'm getting eleven
thousand coins haha lazy like he's not
really rare as well the PlayStation do
you wanna say anything else you know
that makes me want to decided me the
less I like yogurts I'll eat you out of
mind blank I don't want to sit here in
silence just look like a bellend nothing
I just made it worse are you still got a
chance though I'm so very brave maybe
always like just no no more yours please
no Muller is gone
wait nope gone there we go you know what
you're you're are that kind of guy there
goes left center back and right think
about it I love Douglas he was such a
good dog
I had a huge smile on my face with them
right striker car the helmet we are
gonna go for your left back
Portugese not play you on Patricia has
got getting down to the wire now it's
getting down to the wire what positions
why not guess you left striker you've
guessed that Oh look back please
oh it's a mobile no shit
cab shit boo f√†bregas is gone
all those sick but I need to get Sanchez
all out aren't they putting that grind
every weekend discarded in a video game
right Mitch who what castle just thinks
and you're gonna put Sanchez as a left
striker opposite is no Jovi neo this is
far too tense right now um
CDM
I can't hear anything I don't know if
that's because he's walked out of the
room or weakest guy was dropping or what
I have you lost yes yes come on fellow
rapping it's all I went for the cam CDM
and golden ball kind of Randy's gone as
well I hate this super game I never win
I literally keep playing this on my
channel and never win I wish I could say
this like you have to be good like I
wasn't pride in this but effectively
it's just getting lucky and making
someone just guard the best players
that's always I'm still discarded 290
rated but I guess however you wanted you
want that Sanchez no I do I ask you is
very happy I smile the cheek the cheek
bones on show right so yeah that's
that's the end of that
thanks thanks man thanks that's okay no
worries uh yeah lots having you here man
Elgin you should ask someone else but
whatever No thank you very much for
having me man that was fun I'm so glad I
got to keep such as well I would you say
I only can say it our own betta asshole
rice as I said earlier we also recorded
another video on George's channel which
you can check out in the description or
in his channel be sure to subscribe
while you're there as well that's all
for today thank you guys for watching
like a cry and open some more packs
until again very distraught we get some
tissues get some tissue or some yogurts
absolutely fuckin video one fall back
we're done sure yes is the night decent
right my time here we go first one give
me a 9
give me an 89 rated team at a CSUN
player and eight will do hey I'm
storming ahead already hate you mad
let's get from one this time please
little bit better than one we should it
should be too hard
Charlie it's pretty hard to get less
than one ask it right pants get back to
the other guy comes out yet
