hello pubes and gentlemen what is up and
welcome back
yeah pubes I hate big lady
you guys haven't guessed who it is it's
Josh by now so we are back with the
board of FIFA I have read your comments
and the feedback seemed really good so
what we have done we took into account
what you said and we both put up a
player we are putting up team of the
season now though whoever loses has to
discard him a plus whatever they get
throughout the game there's also one
more rule we've added if you get an
in-form or any card like that it's plus
two on to whatever it is if you get a
team in a season it's plus five open a
pack you take it in turns the player
that pops up the second number of their
card is how many spaces you move that's
all you need to know before we stop you
guys wanting the Ultimate Team Coins
take a fever ninja calm in the
description use mini ten and you get a
10% discount Josh hello how are you
doing I am doing good
I know this I don't know should I be
nervous not really I lost against Toby
so you have much to worry about you're
losing at your own game
yeah that's Josh as you are the guests
that Alecto be your first Sony fair I'll
let you go first
give me something nice here please I'll
get off to a good start go to a good
start a better boom 81 yes is deeply
tied decent right my time here we go
first one give me a nine give me an 89
rated team of the seasoned player and
eight will do Hey I'm storming ahead
already hate you mad
let's get fur from one this time please
little bit better than one we should it
should be too hard
Charlie it was pretty hard to get less
than one right ask it right pants get
back an easier gotta cut comes out yet
ah I don't to play your game why can I
can i rage quit the game skill zero yeah
haha after save hard to get less than a
water look at eye skill quit please like
no don't worry Josh I'll make this end
quickly okay I'll just get some team of
the seasons now and then you know only
to end quickly I don't sing for range
self that's fine 84 maybe we're gonna
eight the first oh now for I'm on 12
you're on 12 mm one please someone nice
high raising at the end there we go
79 awful come on you're on ten yeah
instant pullback right so you've pulled
it right back I'm on 12 you're on 10 and
all right Oh what
one yeah which means we swap places just
whoo wait let me pull it back I'm
winning so I'm on 10,000 14 you're a
peasant 81 that's all right I'll take
that
oh I've always been storm ahead leave
our Neutral higher than a 5 just don't
give me like an 80s 10 threes like right
next pack come on I go get a 4 before
please get 4 what's boy boy I forgot all
the boys already or is mr. go no no no
no 84 yes I even miss my next go you get
2 goes in a row
yep ah rights as long as I don't get 6 I
get 2 goes in a run oh yeah you first go
you can actually go abroad six six six
zero six six six six it's basically a
six to zero
yeah please can I have an 8 so I get
another go no please 6 or 6 or 0 6
another 0
yeah boy you're mad oh my god awful your
shit like get it at the game this strong
game you get it to a my 500 won you won
right the catch-up game is on you ready
for this big numbers big numbers please
please hit number what is that - mate
plus the 5 plus a 5 bitch 92 de Bruyne
thought 7 wait does that mean if I win
you got discard him as well
does it no it does no I forgot about
that
Oh even more incentive to win right I
search it wait we do you want to want a
wine means I get to go again
yes fire to zero the 7s go back yeah I
got to do I've got no I got myself in
the back I got myself in a pack I got
there you go right so I just I want a
floor facing never zero or like an eight
or nine four eight or nine for nine are
taking on you're annoying
I got nine seventy nine rated she will
plummeting go to on your putting F that
is I'm gonna get a ninety nineteen the
season good luck with Bertha also known
as an agency when you go like an 80s
just lazy
this is forget about that I didn't open
it can I have ten open that pack you
want a tea like a lazy I'm storming away
I'm storming over any for the day my
tongue bitch ready
I'm a storm away into victory with a
giant zero eight um all folks a giant
number eight real quick all right go on
opening its opening I'm waiting for late
open in I don't like this game haha
would be 100 numbers what is this you
get good players as well high numbers
and good players and I get this I'm on
thirty let's see what I can get another
team of the season that would do me
nicely right now zero do me eighty-three
rated that's alright I come on TV that's
all one right now or a high rated inform
inform liked able to say Zod go on no
serious I'm then I just don't like your
game oh yeah 81 but no Elise so you get
to oh I'm so happy I got times to right
just you realize if I somehow got 13 I
will you somehow right now I bet if I
got nine days and I win a 989 rates even
season
oh I'm still moving ahead quicker than
you give me a high number today please
man this one anymore that's all you ones
in a row like binary code come on Elvis
it can all change the seventh Jermaine
Jones a nice little seven I was take a
seven okay that's why I move forward -
yeah so nine that's a nice get it back
up oh right so a five is start again
seven swap places you're only three
places behind me so either I just want
to get someone ridiculous like a nine No
saint-lo please get a nine it seemed at
all these I think he's just won it like
no I think I've won it why I got a 77 in
forum which means the nine that's
exactly what I need it's just actually I
need you've landed on the trophy revenue
I've landed on the show tonight
are you were more than a win that's like
a kick in the balls as well he's done it
he's only gonna die at that Josh you go
for one more pack little miseration pat
pat to see 78 Ben Arfa
to move farts like far forward as well
what is this I was unfairly for by you
to start again start again so I can take
this I would have lost right so just you
know that means I finally won one I get
to keep my team of the season de Bruyne
and Josh unfortunately you have to
discard that Naldo because keep them now
that they thought you get it is a point
mine Aldo don't keep him a little bit
nah nah no no no a little bit no
although no I have to keep him for that
sure oh yeah okay got it okay he's being
quicksort about 3 2 1 good bye
I finally won right so that is Josh and
Toby both played I have won one lost one
let me know you wanna play next
check out Josh in the description that's
all for today thank us watching suit Oh
Josh - okay that wasn't why I wanted
that was definitely not
I wanted but josh is still there right
where's JJ where's Jason is JJ JJ turns
it turns out shoots what what then
wait there's a rest isn't he needed got
James it no I didn't press that why does
that keep happening
Josh josh Josh Josh you're there - JJ -
JJ
