yo s FG sock is back my neck still hurts
a little bit but that's fine but
munchers are more important we're in
second place we plant Bogota they are
third five games today let's see how we
do now I also notice that there's a
little thing called League leaders here
and we don't seem to be in the top
scorers
I know JJ is also on five so JJ is gonna
get some goals for them what a Toby is
topping a goalkeeper so JJ you're gonna
get some goals let's go look not that
soon Oh Josh - okay that wasn't why I
wanted that was definitely not what I
wanted but josh is still there right
where's JJ where's JJ is JJ JJ turns it
turns out shoot what what then
wait there's a resting you needed got
jzuk no I didn't press that why does
that keep happening
Josh josh Josh Josh you're there - JJ -
JJ don't I just school shit shit no no
no no none and all up 26 seconds left a
BOGO a winning
we need to go we need to go bad we need
to go bad dick is on a run
Vic's always on the run no Google Gigi
yo changing you nothing for us you a
minute Evo
I just lost for the grass color people I
knew it's gonna be a hard game but roll
out hard I'm fuckin fit now right we're
playing Munich I'm not taking prisoners
on this one
where's the question is where is the
movie
right they go they go
see Nick and Everett bang there's no
ginger Germans what the fuck okay that's
what I that's what I tell that's what's
that well I don't know what happening
today something's happened today that
just makes everything miss come back
David come back no I keep up yes Toby
yes Toby go past that run run I don't
have long left I don't have long left
come on please Josh always turns doesn't
work doesn't work go go that's why I
don'ts caucus JJ's out here Vic o+ pass
go go and shit ah
Vic there we go oh my god - how was he
miss how is it not look at the ball
Jake JT just lost me the game again
that's two games in a row you just lost
me you actually lost me two games in a
row you frickin JJ class is a really
really bad day for the pot matches
really like really bad I'm actually out
the top eight I'm out the top eight and
I have to play Barcelona next now in the
Champions League final
III we've got the attack home we've got
the attack we've got the attack Oh
always left to do buddies let me open
our bank open goal Josh yes
what that was a ridiculous ball what the
hell that's a great way that's great
play josh is just tailed it all right
now believe can I not let another girl
like that why why what the hell where is
my defense going west okay great so you
great safe pretty good yes yes touch
much no no please stop this please Vic
yes Nick go go Jay Jay get a bounce over
let's get a buzz over no you run under
it JJ's just having a shock in that
shock index are no no no no no no no six
five four just just a liter draw
please go Google no waste that goat I
got there we go with takers wall guys
I'm down to ten I've only got two games
left and I'm down to ten
we're playing Rome who are bottom of the
league they haven't won a game they've
lost all eight I don't win this I don't
know what to do I'm gonna go to Roman
spit on some pigeons or something oh oh
oh oh no why is he saying that not what
the look ago Josh Josh you blocked every
you broads everything how has he got out
of that oh my god oh my god a chance for
JJ just winning
I've given up already on JJ being top
goal scorer at the league it's just it's
just not happening as long as I as long
as I win
ah what it took a deflection it's taking
it no he can't claim that I'm drawing
again I have no time left like
whatsoever and I haven't mama god oh my
god oh my god yes yes right the flexors
work for me too bitch defend nine
seconds eight seven six five four no no
I didn't mean to do that
no no no no no no no no no no good he's
won it he's finally won a game I don't
have to go to Rome and spit on pigeons
I'm back up to sit
I have one game left for today against
Zagreb who if I beat them I ever take
them but JJ is falling out of it Jenny's
on six oh it's not even like joins with
them I don't care anymore about top dogs
but I just want a window Harry you got
some sleeper mate
oh my that white and then you know what
just go for the shot okay that's a bad
angle shit no please please come I've
lost two nil on two no down already
there's no coming back from this
unless Josh unless it's a good ball to
Vic Vic gets one okay 15 seconds I get
one goal and I draw please don't do this
go so don't go go go go go go wait that
touch that's this done done JJ's lost me
three games
I got parents next game as well top of
the league and I'm in 10th place I need
to be in the top eight in the next five
games or I don't qualify I don't
honestly know how I'm gonna do this
that's all for today when I said gee
though let's hope next time I do better
you know what next time I might just
wear the neck thing anyway because the
last time I did well but that's all for
today thank you guys for watching
SSG sir I learn in church girl McDonough
Church and we grew by ball accident
believe this poor star we put forceful
skill moves oh my god I just got to
lewandowski's oh my days
snoo endow ski I just got slew and now I
get enough I don't know he is but I go
into the blue two in a row for three in
a row if I get three in a row that would
just be
