what's up guys and there's a new team to
season out which means one thing
that wasn't gonna be someone good pack
opening pack opening this just isn't
working so I'm gonna be open in 1715
k-pax I'm hopefully gonna get some
Bundesliga team the seasoned players if
you guys want to try this yourself in
unique ways I CAF deepen intercom in the
description use mini ten and you get a
10% discount what the fuck am i doing
anyways let's open some of these pack
this is telling me my first pack I know
I open some before but this is the first
first pad this is the first first pack
in Adeje first dead G first pack you
know how we do you know how we do we get
Benzema i Bundesliga team of the Sisu k
an informal do savage the savage I he
should totally call himself that I can't
see myself using him but I'll keep him
anyway
ah-ah-ah-ah I'm so hopeful sign I saw
Barcelona this is why I don't look at
packs because I get put that wasn't even
rare with it I'm always gonna get
freaking like as killer quitters I'm
gonna get loads of other BTR players
that were in the season and now we're
getting in from capital oh who the fuck
is capital but he's a black card I'll
take it pedo pedo pedo your rapido yeah
bitch this time I'm not having a trash
horror this time is Pete I wanna church
girl McGann a chant and we grew by ball
I shouldn't believe this poor star we
put four spots kill moves oh my god I
just got slowin down ski oh my days smoo
and ow ski
I just got slew and now I get up I don't
know who he is but I go into the blue
two in a row for three in a row if I get
three in a row now just move it in just
three blues in a row please Liston I'll
take a match even blue they call me
Simon
I find blues I just got a boo put it the
almond no it's far man
yo he's actually apparently amazing
I've seen people to you about him I got
mer farman Lewandowski and damaged by
the vinovich and merely I have opened a
ridiculous amount of packs but to find a
94 rated and those other ones that is
Matt ah punch neck is actually still
coming oh my god I hate these things
face for a centre-back game I Club now I
don't even mess up as long I've been
good this season cuz he's normally a
blue avocado we'll take that mate we'll
take an avocado blue blue blue how do
you like it how do you like it blue blue
blue Suarez how do you like I always get
someone good bellend
I always get someone good when I'm not
searching for them
right you ready Noah and Boateng and
mullah and someone else are not in the
same pub but we get mayor again and we
getting inform as well in the same 15k
packs what the hell is it will take him
it's not very good but we also got the
mayor where is he there he is
hi packs are running dry a bit again ah
we're getting neck brace back on because
we're not getting the neck brace back on
we've got another blue and he is pretty
good and he looks funny right we are
getting blue and LARM again come on one
more one more one more sick one and I
can stop one more ballet a B and that's
it's not as good as I'm meaning with
that we're not stopping on Bella Abbey
we will happily accept him into our club
but I want one sick one and I'm not
stopping until I do many many coins
later
but he's no I can't I cook at an end on
Bell Arabia calling on him please just
have one blow please can I just have
come I kiss the wristband kiss the band
and it brings you
to the Bartlett's
no I just want Milan he actually might
be good on this 488 pace oh right
god I'm God isn't listed too many coins
I am finishing this pack opening with
this pack whatever I get is why I end on
I know I just got my love at the end on
an Alex that's all for today thank you
guys for watching this pack opening and
yeah let's hope that I could get more
eyes watching sure yeah there you go
there's a little chance another little
chance to cross it surely that's a bad
touch but it's a great ball o start
you're not for today mate Oh
oh those are bad touch storage is so bad
today I Ramirez Ramirez passes to go and
play back as be why is I still equal to
that
