all right so today we are doing a
hide-and-seek upload event and as you
can tell everyone is filming my own show
and they're all going to be filming
themselves hide I'm gonna count to 100
and then I'm gonna go try and find them
all but seriously look at your butt
every single person so it's horrible
right so we have one two three four five
six I was expecting a seven eight in my
bank account but anyway we have six
people
you're all gonna go hide block
yourselves I'm gonna count to 100
see well I think I know where
Americans don't know you were just
trying to move to it joella's
merchandise store I'll hide here because
obviously there's a lot of things to
hide me in this one okay we're behind
sound right now I I think I'm gonna go
to panel stage here we go this is good
let's go backstage oh where could we go
I think Simon's coming sounds weird I
said he's coming come on this is what is
this room oh this is the PlayStation
room and under the table
Wow god I've gotta check all of these
tables now lychee the wood what is this
shit yeah now just sitting here find me
I'm sorry to regret this now feel like I
might not ever get fouled into closed
hello
I found him you're not American I just
saw Toby I think he found Toby okay this
was a mistake
I'm getting bored of sitting here with
the plugs in the box that looks
suspicious okay never mind
no one hidden that I know right okay we
got the cars in there oh he's right here
I know I can see it
but they're not very legitimate back
there very shitty way so it was the
first one that you found I found Toby
than you we're we're the only two black
people and you found those first it's
like the films
alright calyxes store okay it's locked
if they're hiding in there well play why
does that sound like you so close that's
weird
oh I've got it
I've got a mechanic and I'll actually
just sat here just reading misstep on
the wall wouldn't what it'll mean the
numbers the letters
let me get forever honor it was like in
a small house that was hype you know
like yes you know I've got a good spot
if I last more than a few minutes I'm
fine
in here I'm just concerned I'm gonna be
sat here for an hour all right words of
the upstairs and we could check in here
quick it's like a old building so it's
also kind of creepy to be in a room it
kind of by yourself I mean wheels over
there but I can't see him because he's
around this corner this is where we'll
is we'll do you want to peek out and say
hi okay hello William
can't see you really this is the panel
room that could be anywhere uh well I
can see them on the other side like I
don't know I'm not gonna give myself up
if they don't fit you can hear them
Simon and jayjay and I think Toby I'm
thinking either by behind the stage or
here hello
yeah PJ Toby Shirley behind the couch
gotcha
I feel like I've got like a really good
spot if they don't apply me but I'm also
still sat here for a while where the
hell are they I really didn't think
they'd be very good at this
you can hear so I'm moving in here
because I open the door this side and
then someone whacked against the wall
this size we need a breach and clear
everyone's left except you to breach and
clear
I heard you open that door slightly open
this door he's gonna he's gonna see me
what did you bang against to this I was
moving this I've probably broken
something in here I've been like well
you got you got fourth place is that
that's pretty bad actually I was scared
I was gonna get left here forever
it's me boring isn't it I just saw again
I kind of think he's close I think there
may be many people coming in here
alright we've done the panel room we'll
go in main stage someone has to be in
here this is a mad big room
see you Heidi someone's in here hundreds
and that's all I'm thinking this is this
is a massive room imagine if they would
just sat on one of these chairs we
finished the game hello there's a
curtain here I'm very curious surely she
really no one's in here in one of these
things imagine it's been about it's been
about 12 minutes they don't know all
right that means we are down to two
people left Jessie and do be two or
three rooms left so unless I've missed
limbs dance with me what they came
upstairs just sold them out he sold them
out that just proves how hungry he is we
haven't eaten today so we're trying to
basically the quicker I find them the
quicker we can go did they forget about
us who wins the game it's gonna be weird
if they come from this door cuz they can
see me oh I just thought I just saw Vic
wait where are you leading us Vic yeah
well oh my god they're actually gonna be
in the toilets together tell me tell me
they can't see me
tell me they can't see me I don't think
they can
yeah you've been you've been Jimbo you
ain't getting them so we've either got
the ops room or the Pez room or freeze
these room cow have you seen Jessie oh
do be okay so they know in here by the
way nice area I like this no you guys
don't understand hide-and-seek D I mean
unless that was you that just said no
guys that's just a spycam for the event
the safety safety of the event okay Toby
Toby got found first Toby was a
mannequin I mean you probably would have
one well thanks for playing everyone
subscribe to everyone I'll leave links
right so that is it for hide-and-seek
here today we are gonna go get some food
now but if you have enjoyed make sure
you leave a like as I said check out
everyone's channels in the description
and also check out upload yeah thank you
guys watching and pray for me cry my in
no see mine or my saw record that's my
team if you wait there more time you can
fuck off my no kappa an x-man scream I'm
going through this team that I'm older I
surpassed hundred thousand soul
hello manager fuck this job I'm gonna
take my chance on a role
