by me no one cares about these two gone
shut up what's up guys and welcome back
to your ultimate team we are in Division
one we have three points and there was
no serious comments they were all troll
comments saying by legends sell this
perm by the same player back we have
20,000 coins and I'm not getting a
serious comment up goodbye so all I'm
gonna do now is just open my free pack
that I get and get no one because like
when do you ever get anyone look just
there you go one win one loss and we are
playing two more games per day before I
get into any games if you guys want to
else what my cigar people ninja dark I'm
in the description lose many 10 and you
get 10% off using the BPL team it's a
good team I don't know who I could
really get with 20k that's better than
this team even the Italian team is sick
so the first opponent we are playing
today dairy Upson
that's all right bring it on Gary let's
go come on come on I'm gonna make him
eat derriere but what no damn what
corners mean prizes wait last points
okay yeah that's Karma Oh we'll see the
ball see the ball one is shocking boys
come out I'm just run to the side nice
as P as P passes it in jammies it Y
storage it's just not the go is it Oh
take the right side your left wait
that's the only reason why I was
comfortable shooting back up what the
fudge nice one it is one of us oh you
guys playing yeah there you go please be
on please be Oh bleep no it's coming out
as a Rooney where's a Rooney whip
sitting there's the ball what the what
no no no no no not now not now not now
please
EA why no no no no no no no no no no no
we didn't even count now I don't believe
this fuckery of a team wait wait wait
whoa go don't go I'm not messing about
in this game I just want to win it as
easy as possible storage how is he not
scoring bicycle but just forget that
further you go there you go there's a
little chance another little just across
it surely that's a bad touch but it's a
great ball Oh stars you're not for today
mate Oh
Oh storage is so bad today Ramirez
Ramirez passes to go and play back as B
why does he look after their hello
cabbies good and I just answer my own
question and it's now half time but I am
destroying him or Willie and season
purpose there was the ball that's it no
how am I not winning that okay Shirley
Shirley passes it in there's a nice pass
there's another nice pot why not there
okay wait turn him turn him wait turn
back turn back and then sold of course
naturally off one storage storage stones
just run round him all right no don't
all right you know you know what oh oh
look at this offensive now he's lost it
shit shit not that blue cheese went
through Laurice that just went through
it oh shit come on where is my defense
where is know he's done me who raised
your shit I'm drawing I'm draw around
with my drawing there's no way I'm
winning Division one oh my god oh my god
that's good I'm winning the visual ads
you know what Puckett there you go
smooth it that's it pretend that's the
Unruh done it six points we need another
win though because we can only lose two
games if we want to get the fight it's
time for you Italian team I had a
boyfriend mo room
my god is gotta hustle the rest of the
team is really good but that has it
Oh cause the name put sleep what's in
you possibly think etosha papa
Wow that was a terrible shot shit shit
shit no no I press pause and you oh I
literally just present ever let a to
force it and then see what the Frick is
going on what that uh nah nah man this
guy no I know you're turning back I know
you gonna I knew that's coming but I
can't do anything what look about and
I'm a physical presence so I can't
really do modulo like to - that's good
I've never been so nervous as that when
I'm freaking took my hand off the
control of what the action but this guy
is an addition
that win that play my gambler good you
know what just first time for son
buh-buh-buh-buh house of brick am I even
in this game I mean it looks like I
should be winning or at least drawing
but realistically I deserve to be losing
all my days no he's gonna present what's
he doing I'm rep I'll take that oh-oh-oh
my data's like a rocket
how the hell did this go in I'll do a
complete hitting home Oh jump corner
please a corner like me actually miss
the header please be on please be on
please be on please beyond see the early
bolo yeah I don't know why but this game
means so much me I think it might be
because he watched every single replay
of all his goals I feel like I'm in a
very very familiar position by the fact
that I have literally like however long
left
and yet I'm - goes up I feel like I'm
comfortable and yeah the same time I
could literally let in one go and then
I'm screwed
Oh puff the cross to us oh I think I'm
off a thing come off all right
no wait that yes thank you to video I
thought I was outside so I didn't bother
shooting but it turns out I was up I do
feel bad for him because I just won 5-2
I didn't deserve to win 5 - Wow same
time I took my chances so we have 9
points out of a possible 12 we're on
course to the title says the blue line
says that I will win but how much I
trust it but that's all for today I'm 22
thousand coins let me know who you want
to buy a dog troll now you guys watching
sue and what we're both playing for 2
points yeah so I'm gonna go with
shooting okay shoot are you ready yep 3
- OH
glitch 3 - minor glitch just know I'm
going I'll catch you up shooting alright
you tell me yours first Oh B tell me as
soon as it blows up
