what's up guys and welcome back to the
discard pack challenge yes I still have
this on my neck but today I am joined
with Ethan what's up Ethan hey nice I'm
really excited to be here guys okay so
what we are doing if you haven't seen it
already is we are gonna open the 50k
packs that are out right now we're gonna
choose a stat beforehand and whatever
player shows up when it flashes out
that's the player that we're gonna use
as the top Trump and then whoever wins
with that stack is to keep their pack
you're the person that's gonna start the
whole pack and just to make it even more
annoying for the loser the lose as the
discard team of the season Diego Costa
before we starve you guys want any
Ultimate Team Coins to check out beeping
intercom in the description use mini ten
and you get a 10% discount okay so Ethan
as you're the guest you choose the staff
right this is it it's an emotional
moment I'm going to choose shooting we
open the pack whatever player flashes up
whereas the best shooter you keep the
pack the other person discard chip are
you ready oh that was nice that was
weird is real my Eman okay okay my shoe
thing so I discard mine and Ethan it
gets a point
boom well statue the snap oh no he's you
play fuck face Hey
go keep oh that's your top left stat
then I have my top left right so what's
your always that Oh
Courtois hero Fernanda
yep the stat I'm going to choose he's
dribbling all right three two one go Oh
Rivlin please Tamara hooks me up with me
Estero 78 bastard team in a season
Fontaine with 70 actual 91 oh I was
having you at a higher I have 91 durably
team is even fun Hey not anymore no I
see like rank pack for and I'm going
with physical you ready yep three two
one go
Tim indices of John Terry please oh well
okay so I've got a goalkeeper name your
stat 72 84
oh wow
passing oh ok ready 3 2 1 go please ok
so this way you want one way you want
other shabby's or some yeah yeah you
want a team of seasoned oh hold on a
minute
always good he's got that 85 bucks 72
but I'm just happy for the point
leave nothing in that back yeah there's
nothing a mine there's nothing give that
back but I've done it for the point
right so on to account to this is doing
me badly so I'm gonna take this off okay
releasing the neck I'm gonna go with
defendant please ready oh what'd you get
what'd you get just begin with a seven
yeah okay mines 83 see ya mate I just
got to even a Henson and inform Kalulu
in the back to be the head it's
emotional silent even seasoned kindly
inform my I can now pick defender with
my inform he's go are you fire that
flashes are people boxy layer you pace
pace this is where you want a team Aziz
oh I haven't won Timon what is your face
it's 72 by 72 okay so okay this is what
we do
do you have a good player yes okay you
have to put him on your transfer list
now yeah whoever wins the next one gets
the keep boat
okay then so I'm playing for two of your
cards and what a we're both play for two
points yeah so I'm gonna go with
shooting
okay shoot it are you ready yep three
two
Oh glitch three two minor glitch just go
I'm going I'll catch you up shooting all
right you tell me yours first
okay tell me as soon as it goes up you
must that ninety-two shooting team in
the season Harry came I couldn't come at
a worse couldn't it couldn't cuz Harry
Keynes like he's not the greatest even
lucky a niche which means you have to
keep both of your team of the season
yeah baby go to the transfer list boys I
may hit you up with physical you ready
please please there's a cool now you say
yours
wait what's yours 16 yes I get to keep
pure Eremenko and see vertices in climb
mad bum weasel you
Tom you so the final pack I'm gonna go
with passing passing and you ready I'm
ready I'm stead go who you reckon
I'm gonna win are you gonna win you
beside all I'm saying is I've got a 90
rated player yeah but is this possum
good see you I got I've got to informs
in this pack so you but the one that
pops up the goalkeeper oh shit
playing Vikings not that good so that's
your popular snap yeah it's not like
good though like it's really average
name it it's in the seventies ah one
Robin I am Robin 83 lost in format that
I'm in for walk up almost you could walk
on I lost both of them why you're
laughing you're a bully
that was that's bitter sweet symphony'
now he'll what we're online so right now
you're being an online bully
I'm all happily know I'm about on a hot
line I will take that I'll take being a
bully yep because you had this listen
I'm happy okay I'm really really happy
at this moment in time injury back well
it's just gone back I could make you the
other account sorry you know what else
that means I had to keep all my stuff
and my Casta do I have the contract pros
are off me bro and I made you do this hi
if I can slack you through the camera I
would
that's one oh yeah down ah
X hmm all this is final one big fat X oh
I'm so send mode right now
I could be a Buddha right now but I'm in
a great place
I'm in a very great place right so
that's all for today we also did a video
on Ethan's channel which you check out
it'll be in the description below you
know no don't don't check him out okay
now I check out you shouldn't leave a
like if you enjoyed it thank you guys
for watching and see ya
but lund let's go come on Pig all right
pass the back we'll play some nice
football play some nice football bang
bang Josh turn no shit Ethan
either runs either Rosebank no plus he's
out Oh JJ GG turns him turns in turns
back pass go
ready pass and there
