I don't want to talk about it basically
I hurt my neck yesterday and yeah I was
advised to not move it so this should be
fun
what's up guys and welcome to SFG soccer
we are in the division one as you can
see by this we finish division to last
episode we have moved into division 1 my
next game is against London this is
actually ridiculous so London it feels
like game apes' like London blue awesome
I love how they call me green so that it
doesn't actually suggest any London team
but lunch let's go come on big all right
past the back were playing some nice
football play some nice football bank
around and Bank Josh turns no shit
Ethan either runs either rods bank no
plus he's out all JJ JJ turns him turns
in turns back pass go ready pass and
there wow wow wow wow that's the first
on goal I've ever seen in this game
pointless books will against me 42
seconds left please please please today
by Bow Wow
going back on lads it's going back on
last chance last chance last chance to
bid oh you know what first game of
division 1 I will take a draw although
I'm not in the top 8 and I need to be to
get in the playoffs right game to Madrid
all right let's go which one of them is
Ronaldo which one turn out well there
isn't Ronaldo
that's ridiculous oh no no oh my face Oh
Vic Dodgers one pass then wait even
still gonna knock no oh shit no no no
great save Toby let's go let's go let's
go just go turns it up turns out ah boss
Oh JJ would have done
JC what have you done oh shit shit shit
oh he's miss things list it go Vic go go
go go go 22 seconds 22 seconds potting
Oh particles like oh oh five four three
two one
we won lads we've moved into six we're
in the playoffs ode we've got Berlin
next I'll be knocked out the top a if I
don't win this game right let's see the
German name so I'm gonna face Tim Tim
what they are vicious they are vicious
what the fuck
why'd is so good a bicycle kicks last
nippers what dog Frick man there was
like five of them possible possible
possible no turn past a pause that's the
game he's just passed it back what the
fart no show out but I managed to stay
on top a next up we got Lisbon the
capital of Africa
pass it pass it about pass it about
let's get some nice movement pass it
pass pass pass this is good littler than
turn out to turn in by one go don't you
suppose this us boys throw them in there
blues lick
cousin Josh bangs one goal Felipe yeah
Jose Tiago it's almost like this is the
Portuguese names or something changes on
his own you gospel kicks Augusto debate
but me we want we are up to six again
and we are playing 8th place so Paolo
the pastry on big star look at the pace
they pass it around then you're gonna
pass down the line for JJ okay JJ all
chips in oh wait oh I didn't press my
fitness the ball and that was my
pressing yeah they go there you go
thinking that play is mad no Josh with
the pace just with the place the Blitz
pass to shoot Oh miss one of those
that's just a shot go go go go go go go
good bus there you go there you go pause
it
don't rip this up done it we've done it
done won another game look how good the
players are now look at Toby okay we can
also improve alter improve which puts
the but matches into second behind Paris
next up is Bogata Bogata or Jaime say
that next episode as well I'm not gonna
have this on my neck
we should potentially have three
episodes of this left before I win
Division one that is if I win but yeah
that is all for today thank you guys for
watching and see up 18 us giving like a
90 rated player Suarez as far as that's
what oh it's a zero yes it's a zero but
that's why I was excited is because it
was here oh man oh my god
so here's on my transfer list if you win
this I have to started you're still
seven places ahead of me and the same
amount of goes you're on the square -
right now I am on square - if you get a
three me someone okay
