ladies and gentle what's up and welcome
to a brand new series I have made
actually why I didn't make it a guy
called Tyson who you can check out in
the description
my first guest today and the first guest
ever on this series is my brother from
another mother what's up Toby just what
up my brother so me and Toby are gonna
be playing at the FIFA game which as you
can see right now is a board where you
got to get from one end to the other the
way you move is you open a pack take it
in turns and the second number on the
card of the player that flashes up is
how many we move then you put any
players that are worth keeping on the
trade poll and the person doesn't make
it to the finish has to discard the
whole trade pile right so before I get
into this if you guys want on the
ultimate team going to check out FIFA
ninja comm in the description use Mini
10 and you get a 10% discount Toby as
you are the guest I'm gonna let you go
first
clothing it's going it's going some nice
101 so I move one space on the yellow
one space sick right my turns opening
its opening my turn
one please 79 that I should give you
well or so denied no which means I move
nine spaces the bad thing here is if you
get a 90 rated player you'll be happy
sad same time I know I know
81 again again really Louie shell Louie
shell bro he's not even working I'm just
guarding that whole PEC mate sorry
please if I could if I get 18 I give him
like a 90 rated player as far as as far
as what oh it's a zero
yes it's a zero but that's why I was
excited is because it was here oh man oh
my god
so here's all my transfer list if you
win this I have to started you're still
seven places ahead of me and the same
amount of goes u1 square - right now I
am on square - if you get a three me
someone okay do it okay and we're going
four spaces me is here on six here we go
I'm still on square nine so if I can get
bigger 81 someone ah okay surely come on
roll number four give me a 79 right now
right now right now a two for sure you
are at an 89 rated player no cuz then I
don't have to discard if I lose anyway
that's a really good point
oh he's on square ten he's already two
ahead he gets a 70 died oh why I letter
right the salmon you miss a turn oh shit
hell yeah I'm gonna fucker
ah young squirt eight right now aha
you're open and there we go here we go
here we go 78 over Femi Martin you're 16
I mean have another go as what'd I miss
a go my Nigerian brother is helping me
to catch up the pie hey Simon Brack my
second role in a row because Simon
misses a turn here we go 78 again Dean
Izadi
serious you're not even getting good
players I wanted twin best times two is
well Simon Simon that means I go for the
number eight spaces right yeah that lens
on move forward - oh my god is on to pay
for oh my god Dina Charlie Thank You
Toby how the tables have turned
Toby's a 34 already because okay wasn't
a girl's favorite boy just right it's
opening I need I don't know what I need
I owe I know I need like a six or
something oh shit
oh wait I got an 82 let's go again ah
you are joking okay this is my go this
is my second go come on
I need something ridiculous please Toby
I have to win tell me I have to win me
don't I do I just got you with
everything you can't me win oh fuck off
go back - yeah wait I didn't even react
to the fact that you got team of the
season cane I was staring at the board I
want you to get eight eight if you get
aids no you start going fuck off wait if
I get eight I start again yeah no I jog
on what is good
82 okay that's all right but that's all
hits you're 36 Thank You Kashani I so I
want
realistically I want a seven that moves
me another another to four so unless I
just get a 9 which I seven now come on
like to Paulo you're just two spaces
behind me now right yeah I'm on say for
Toby's on 36 it's Toby's go ass it
anything brother see a six or eight or
an eight
no mo Sixers no eights Please Please
Please Please me like everywhere I just
February 81 I'll take that kicker player
sure Lance you get to keep that place
for Darla you get to put them straight
into your club yeah my club Sherlock
anything but an egg anything but I'm
eight
Oh what do you get
I got Yaya touré what's he rated 86 oh
no oh you are 37 I'm on 40
oh no 37 get 5 or 7 so the biodiversity
of this finally southern yeah no five
five or seven no sevens no fires no
sevens no fires no seven say five nine
nine huh what does I put you on hey no
one two three four five six seven eight
oh it's Tim crews well what a cruel
cruel ending for you I'm gonna do this
anyway just to see I wasn't stressful
too so i realistically needed like a six
to win if you kind of won that and i get
a three okay so I would have lost anyway
shit nice lad and I got give cash crops
for this ideas fucking genius
shut up stupid series is over I have
those two which were part of the game so
ignore them so I'm just guarding Yaya
touré team of the season Harry Kane and
here oh man I've had a man hey welcome
to pun gang yeah and I still lost by
Mayer and Bowser vines
why can't alter number coins I mean you
could have got a lot more than ten
thousand up just to rain on your parade
I whoa
that's frickin first ever episode of the
FIFA game done and Toby's the winner
that's all for today thank you so much
for theis for creating this game you can
check around the description as I said
Thank You Toby for playing you guys also
need to check him out in the description
that's all for today that yours watching
and see ya swag
Oh what's down I've got blues today but
I haven't gone like that I'm agreeing
before dawn Santi Cazorla frickin let's
see the five star we put 4 stars skill
moves
stop or do I carry on just ridiculous
you're taking the piss this is actually
ridiculous John Terry like yeas super
super slow
