ah ever since I've gone to ps4 I get so
many freaking Blues literally if you
haven't seen my last pack opening go
check out see how many Blues I get ok
today we're in a new account we're
hunting for those VP LT Miller seasons
and that hero Ronaldo there's also a few
other heroes there's a record-breaker
Crouch there's another record breaker
thing now before we stop you guys
wanting the odds with Team Coins check
out FIFA ninja comp in the description
huge mini ten and you get a 10% discount
that was kind of cool let's see who we
can get to open in the 15k packs up
today there are some 25 which are may
open later but we get to you very
average second pack we get skip anyone
okay we're gonna be opening a lot of
packs now so I will be showing you guys
my best packs ah might not leave this
one in good blow just there we go okay
it's Austin it he's why I mean II can't
really complain about getting a balloon
even then inform is good actually I
wouldn't mind an inform but tinder
season is obviously better no it's not
it's Martin as you sketchy little trolls
come on give me another blue he looks
sick 91 dribbling 87 passing as a camp
butting butting ba ba ba ding da ding da
da da da ba da da ba ba ba all right we
got him like three four times on the
last account but I haven't got Mon this
account
oh my god yes of course that's bender
there but we get as peek look cooked up
I don't know how you actually say his
name but that's how I say it
there's when we haven't got before thank
you why are butterflies butterflies
this is enjoyed by why butterfly is
called butterfly okay we get Skepta but
that's not me
I think about it why are they
butterflies they taste the butter they
covered in butter but oh okay oh he
actually looks kind of good you know yet
his next patron Alito I gave it he looks
good oh fuck shit that was meant to be
like a FIFA pack Oh y'all getting all of
the Blues on ps4 and no he's not that
good but I haven't gotten before I just
need those frickin strikers I need who
else when you have any daheia Sanchez
nope not saying that just just not
saying that into the 25k bucks now are
they gonna be good out there should we
get a blow but it's Fontes terrible
please can I get an aquarium formation
water sure I will shew will weary weary
you I haven't what the fuck am i doing
but I got it inform as long as it pepper
bar course I call it you fuck up last
when you buy K pack please please please
join Nick 28 in the message club I
thinking I think you got one I know you
took able to get an army buddy yet so
even like I don't know ten days or
something and and Courtois Bobby Lee and
Assad mouth sure are week where we see
where he sees a Duke I already caught
him in this pack everything so there is
right we're doing the star jump like
I've done it for like the last four pack
till we get some bait fail counts what
but I definitely count this is the part
where I get a guarrero and that be Fanta
K we get not even happy with Fontaine I
meant this is where I get where oh this
is the pack where I get aggro
holy shit holy shit holy holy shit basil
brain Eric and I can sell it freakin
bubble Joe heart after all of these
blooms I just don't think we're gonna do
any pack openings after that now we get
into spy no she caught that one yeah I
don't think I'm gonna do any pack
openings after tricking Tina season it
kind of ruined pax to me because like
like that inform isn't very I'm no sight
bite it's white I mean 88 ratings
you can't ever complain about it swag
Oh what's down I've got blues today but
I haven't gone like that I'm going
before dawn Santi Cazorla frickin let's
see the five star we put 4 stars skill
moves right stop or do I carry on just
ridiculous you're taking the piss this
is actually ridiculous john terry like
yeah he's super super slow but 90 rate
team in a season John Terry's like to
come near the end of this and just as we
freakin sell one Joe Hart we get another
one back I can't make any more noise
my throat is actually hurting to be very
I've spent like a good four million
coins or something ridiculous and we we
get Namor I have got a lot of Blues I've
got two Joe hearts but I don't ever even
made it back he's so shit that's cool
calm way to get 25k for that you know
what I'm done that's that's the pack
opening done put my controller down it's
it's done we get Rio firdaus not done we
get really come on I'm literally trying
my video just let me end my foot Kim you
know what we're gonna just end it that
is all for today I don't think I'm gonna
do another why or no I don't want them I
don't think I'm gonna do any more pack
openings for the BPL team in the season
I will wait till the next one comes out
if you guys I enjoin the pack openings
let me know with a like thank you guys
for watching see up let's set this as a
goal this is a goal
this is off there we go there we go who
knew say you what the Italian team um
sign is 10 times better than the BPL one
ah this guy doesn't actually leave me
alone I know I'm to nail up and
everything oh no oh no no no no no no
what the fudge just happen
