the Holy Land
we're in Division one Lutz liver and
it's because of all of you all of you
and all of you know Reese you came back
Corte why I had to go he had nothing
okay he had something to say about it
that's why I'm so sorry no you're
heartbroken but no Reese's where I have
to stay and the top comment today topic
of it fuck you
so Willie uninsured oh and by Shalu and
Willie I just stop please us is such
trolls as I said we're going for the
Division one title right now this could
potentially be the last four or five
episodes who knows before I starve you
guys want any Ultimate Team Coins check
out FIFA intercom in the description use
mini ten and you get a 10% discount the
VPL team you're tired you're tired
you're gonna have a break the Italian
team is gonna have to take over you guys
need to do me a favor here win first
team is ultimate fist United and okay
this is this is strange
one switch it okay that's not wearing as
if he would bang oh wow go okay maybe
he's not that good but that was a
ridiculous set that ended up being
ridiculous the vision one we are getting
close to the end of this series oh fuck
no no no no we do that down a bit
please don't Bluff that flame flame in
let's set this as a goal this is a goal
it's a goal
there we go there we go yeah Unni I'll
tell you what the Italian team um
concern is ten times better than the BPL
one ah this guy doesn't actually leave
me alone I know I'm tuned up and
everything oh no oh no no no no no no
what the fudge just happened oh my god
really no no no no
how am i drawing I was to kneel up a
minute ago please can I make a good ball
in play need another goal always job
this cheerleading no no no no no no no
no no great challenge get rid of it get
rid go into it one come on this is this
is a horrible horrible game run run run
run run run run Ababu no does the foul
Walter this to ask yes yes the literally
I let go to controllers so long ago I
press shoot and just had my hands here
guaranteed goal from the moment he
turned in ultra video jhemini Oh Judy
neo Jimena but they play min late no
waiting to us you're still going summers
just early you're not still going I see
a halftime done it's deserted
it's really deserved I'm actually
destroying it now I just need to finish
up the job that's weird
destroying him and finish off the job in
one sense le bal early ball I look great
book so Debus ah there's always gonna
whinnies aw friggin six head please the
gap seems ago touch touches bang done
doc no I don't is ever no elevator oh
just a mistake
I didn't know anything of it sure but
don't do it with the box like I didn't
mean to fake shot there I meant to shoot
and then there I didn't even mean to
shoot no I'm done of its thank you
ah what were you doing undone of it what
the Frick is that where's that propose
mr. bourbon what's a minute lad edge of
India runs runs runs runs runs I'm
trying to run the clock down let's go
let's go oh my daisies is defense just
disappeared his defend oh no I should
have brought their cross switch it seems
switchable seen it I'll see it oh no
wait I'll do it does it'll do he'll do
oh oh oh
no just come on just time wait ok time
goes down no wait I'll still do no that
won't do blah blah if they score now
it's all Papa's fault it's all Pope was
fight I'll take that I'll take the foul
I'll take up this Dalek just that's one
win one win today we're going for a
second if I get two wins today that is
saddle freakin amazing staff of today
yeah we're going with the Italian team
they did too well Game two we have
banter FC and he has a good Premier
League team this is the true test of the
Italian team let's go lads let's go all
right Oh Oh
I managed I've managed to dribble
through a few of them okay now he's
caught he's gonna be alright alright
let's get some nice passing go and let's
get some nice passing all right it turns
out turns out turns ah you need to pass
it there right all right we've got an
ISO counter doesn't I tell me off what
oh whoa okay this guy is pretty good
this guy's pretty good where's the run
that there's such space there on play
good ball they serve a book I was I was
excited for a second I was excited until
he just fell over
that's what I want that's what I wanted
that's what I wanted now where's the run
Oh get the corner get a corner okay
I'll take that all in Chile nice day huh
yeah yeah I mean
I'm in trouble I'm in shock I'm in
trouble oh no tennis tennis friends it
turns back out I fucked it all right
wait wait wait wait no what am i doing
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh press something
just the sheer will oh it's not my
fourth corner and I haven't got anything
from that I've got chances chances but
nothing it's gonna be half time any
second there we go half time losing I
don't know what to do do I just go for
the same game plan or am I like am I
just screwed I feel like that kid who
just can't get his way and to be fair is
kind of working out of that although
what a ball what a bore what a shock in
ball oh if that's not a sign if that's
not that's not sighs it's not even
upside you actually just miss the whole
goal you missed the other side of the
goal as the harder side oh my god but
that is actually a really nice goal as I
look at myself oarsmen he bangs it shit
shit shit shit oh my god there's just
nothing for me to do there's nothing
there's nothing unless unless
oh the hey're has freaking saved in this
game okay good no now Bane's okay yeah
he knows I'm Tony and he doesn't know
I'm turning back though there's the run
though just by school but no late do
something turn turn right turn turn take
them take the phone
that's our pen does hey what what's it
what's he done before it's an absolute
disgrace that's just made it a whole lot
harder for one game and I've lost one
game that's just ridiculous
I'm not going to say anything else
except let me know who you willing to
buy twenty thousand points that's all
for today thank you guys for watching
and see you go let's go JJ come on this
is a big game great tackle great tackle
great just one one hurry for a bang
big guy that's one nil easy I told you
I've got this I got this I didn't
actually tell you that but I'm telling
you now I got this Oh get that back what
how does he say that didn't get that and
then you cross it in although bicycle oh
my god
Ethan Ethan
