Oh Bootsie vertices the newts even a
week what am i doing let's carry on move
to vertices a new team in a week
everything is out even the old team
Ulysses before we start you guys wanna
nails with team girl shake up FIFA Ninja
calm in the description use merely 10
and you get 10% off now I have a lot of
coins to spend I am going until I get
some good players so we start pack 1
watch this this is why you skip packs
boom there was there was definitely
meant to be something I meant this sort
I mean I met this or boom there we go
you don't skip that's what I meant you
don't skip because you get that they say
told you well that was easily I've
already gone inform okay so we don't
skip we do not skip you don't touch a
button you just leave it and you go from
a fucking bar that's another look at him
bother from Ethan he's pretty shit but
they're still gonna take him to our club
okay we're rattling through knees
rattling foodies I'm trying to open
because I have so many going literally I
am just trying to open as many packs as
I can okay come on EA come on they're
being really slow boom hey company
where's balloon account okay I'm already
down a couple hundred cabling you know
we already got a tuna season copper with
fortunately a bomb will cool and he's in
the striker position 97 base 1977 base
I want to be Hale blue that's the thing
I don't want another one of that ah ah
for fuck's sake
you stupid frat stop seriously
ah infowar thought to be bear will do me
for today as long as I can get one below
there we go
who is he where is he where is he where
is he where is he where y'see that I
didn't I didn't know I had him oh by the
way before that is actually a sick one
Martinez is sir and blue that's probably
wise blue way before yep yep definitely
got him before no need Zoe's white see I
haven't got a BPL blue I've got three
bullet two blues three bullet for more
blues I don't how many blues I've got so
far but they're the old blues
I want one from the BPL alright ready
for this I'm gonna get a bubble ronaldo
right now in three two one
um
just get rid of that I mean I mean it
was effectively Ronaldo he was just a
little smaller little blacker a little
bit more like ever but it was
effectively Renato oh why am I getting
so hyped over a black card he is one of
the better team awaits but I still need
a b BL blue on section for the blue
players I get another blue but this is
time to take a pit I'm not even happy
I'm not actually happy with these blues
I know I know you've seen there right
now like maybe a button I literally just
want BPI blues
why were you willing Oh finally go on is
if home was so freakin sick
star week five style skills II must go
for those he must go for a my dad is why
packs are a little bit dead now I
haven't got anyone in a while
I am literally sitting here putting
myself waiting yeah like I've got one
booty off I can't really complain I've
got so many blue lights e-rate fàbregas
wait not know ah no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no you are going in my
club fàbregas my this has gone really
really well why I've got all the while
yeah walk rocket if I can just get
Sanchez agüero or has it over Naoto
then I'm happy
oh varieties oh my god they're a leaver
any medusa head usher worry i didn't
really
that doesn't go yo he's sick he's sick
he's gone now we get a nice little
jiminy on an IV I'm not gonna said I
never had another informed oh so many
for so many Blues I didn't care of that
old blues or new blue one comma got
another beer another prick leave heroes
wrong okay never never mind he's he's
worthless I'm actually so tired it's
friggin like mid no nearly midnight and
up it's going so well I can't stop on
this now let's get through some more
let's actually just rush through packs
find another one blue and amber bar
called a school store him to the club oh
uh no units person no you need to piss
officer I'm blue da ba dee da ba die I
haven't been singing a song for the last
15 packs are
blue dabeh there we go finally worked
even though I got there I'm not over
damn it I hope this is frickin
ridiculous luck just not like a really
random toy if I could be any animal I
would be a dog oh wait I was only
looking for blues or black surcin and
III bail bail bail bail bail just can't
I literally just crying over this
although all of these after the
altimeter season so
bbl is proving a little bit more than
cool 2pac saying that we we we get
Austin bad I don't understand why I'm
getting good Pat well I don't normally
get good huh
I'll say it again can you guys let me
know who is the highest flare you fool
because I'm getting another Informer I'm
getting ridiculous players post is 91
pace and 88 dribbling I am going octone
zzzz um he's still in the pad okay so I
have now spent roughly about three odd
ah what the fuck was that noise for we
got freakin crushed up or slowing the
pace to partner get in my club how does
that sound dirty in my head so I'm gonna
be playing a few pack games in the
future like this view coming days and
yeah hopefully you guys enjoy them this
is actually my last pack and yeah that's
a good time to end it but yeah that's
all for today like I don't understand I
think right now obviously I spent a lot
of coins but I think right now team of
seasoning they are just pushing out and
nearly I'm on PlayStation because it
does seem easier yeah that's that's
that's my logic behind it bang guys
watching shoot up for a bank think that
that's one-nil easy I told you I've got
this I got this I didn't actually tell
you that but I'm telling you now I got
this Oh get that bang what
how does he say that didn't get that and
then you cross it in although bicycle oh
my god Ethan Ethan make even look at a
cross from Ethan so George died by logic
know what the fuck's going on josh is
just as
