of course I know how to pronounce Prague
ooh how can you not know how to
pronounce the capital of Russia what's
up guys and welcome to another SFG
soccer this is an important day why
Simon good question me I am in the
playoffs to go up to Division one
we've got Birmingham first up they came
seventh so I should beat them and if I
don't I'm gonna actually go to
Birmingham I don't know punch some
grannies or something I know come on
let's go let's go let's go JJ come on
this is a big game great tackle great
tackle great just Quan Quan hurry go up
a big guy that's one nil easy I told you
I've got this I've got this I didn't
actually tell you that but I'm telling
you now I got this Oh get that bag what
how does he say that didn't get that and
then you cross it in
although bicycle oh my god Ethan Ethan
make Ethan look at a cross from Ethan so
Josh table I love it no what the fuck's
going on
josh is Josh's the one doing it
look up look at that I tell you what
Josh you're in a little you're on a
little fuck you Josh great save Toby
I knew I should have given you an afro
that was a good call from me granted a
bank that Burmingham are terrible and
I'm not I'm not going to start thinking
I've easily won the playoffs because
this is firming Josh Josh come on
hatchet give me that hat trick we are
the but matches we are the black
vultures we're the but that is a
terrible terrible charm well we have
defeated burning them and we move on to
play fort lazer the only other two teams
are butt crack and Chico is tickled
bought laser let's go I can't lose now I
made it into the semi-finals of the free
kick come on this is our difficulty in
the last division but I definitely have
got better at this game from come on
come on
seen you in the JJ there we go wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait let's look at
the top right for a second fort but
fight it again back to the game corn
there we go oh yeah look at this little
display this is this is how you meant to
play this is how you're meant to play
you gonna knock it about big so big so
fix through done Joshua get justice Lee
this is too much this is too easy
um um um um Oh payback bitch payback is
a bitch you get bitch just for against
me don't score against me come on Josh
Matalin and I think I've gone and done
it lads I think I'm just gonna want
another game we're into the final
although I could get one more chance I
could I could if I if I score that wait
wait no you're not scoring though sir
Jeff I call uh-huh uh-huh I'm in the
final I'm in the final now with meet
Chico and finally we meet Chico in the
frickin final it says the top two teams
move up to Division one but I don't want
to trust that come on
Josh Oh can you say what no no no stop
him stop him stop him
yes great challenge Gourevitch run run
Vick run run no no no no run okay oh
he's touching all of you starting on all
of them
Oh think that was such a good run after
that and then shoot you to do show one
of you takes on another little Maisie
run big as a shot this scored thick
maybe the reason why I get to the final
think your Vic pick nah thick thing this
is for you man
this is for you you know what we're
gonna go you know we're gonna we're
gonna like it Vic we're gonna like your
video that's for you man you Detroit VP
just end this JK there you go this is
too easy
it's actually on our difficulty in the
last position I'm gonna move up to the
top division and I'm gonna put it to the
hardest difficulty oh shit okay maybe
not maybe not maybe not totally that
dive wasn't it wasn't good Toby past
about to change it do something changes
score to make up JT you're gonna score
to me no
yeah maybe I'm not going to move out to
the highest difficulty
no no 14 seconds 14 seconds just go just
go
buzzer no wait JJ JJ said it oh boy we
don't take your time it's freaking Simon
time eight seconds left mate do whatever
you want eight seconds I'm into Division
one you know what I'm gonna transform
okay I was going to try to score myself
but wherever we're done we've done it
you have moved up to division 1 division
2 end of season let's continue to wins 9
I lost three games draws three and yes
13 seconds but we're into division 1 the
Holy Land we are up there with the light
of Barcelona Madrid Berlin London Paris
next season next season I'm gonna put on
the hardest difficulty we're gonna see
what happens
that's all for today I'm done I'm - I'm
done I've lost too much energy playing
that thank you guys for watching and see
up come on now don't do so don't be that
guy don't be that guy why do you do why
are you doing that all you're gonna do
lose please see on the right are you mad
okay come on we got a nice little chance
and I still chance will Yun Lee Anne ah
oh no no no no no okay Chris
ba ba ba seriously what the hell was
that will Ian okay we still got us we
still got a chance though we still got a
chance to a chance turns out what I like
it
