do a matrix style intro mixed with the
whip and the Naenae
right boss now you must choose red means
the end of the video blue means continue
why such a creative hashtag mr. winter
what's up guys are welcome to a Q&A now
I haven't done one of these since I did
my Q&A with JJ and I didn't do one
before that for like three months
because I said I wouldn't do one until I
would just one with JJ but now let's
move on so I asked you guys on Twitter
as normal for some questions using the
hashtag warm water and then you guys
asked why warm water basically it is
because what happens when you mix fire
with ice yeah that was on an episode a
new go on the plane that I watched when
I went whole day a few weeks ago anyway
enough with that we've done the intro
we've done the first question let's just
carry on with them do your best seal
impression
are you considering a set up video soon
yes if you don't follow me on Twitter
first of all follow me on Twitter
secondly I have been tweeting that I
just need to find a desk I pretty much
have everything else I need except a
desk that's it I want to make it like a
corner desk and I've seen one I've seen
Gold Glove has the perfect desk that I
want so yes drop in soon have you got
any events coming soon yes I do firstly
we are all going to e3 in LA in June
then August we have Gamescom in Germany
and then towards the end of the year
thing is actually in August we have
insomnia 55 this year's gonna be bigger
we're gonna do so much more stuff if you
want to get two guesses in Coventry you
can find in the description below
I've now gets me more of you do your
best Irish dance here we go
what are your favorite videos to make
anything real life is a lot more fun
because it just gives me a lot more
creative freedom with say FIFA videos I
enjoy doing because I enjoy FIFA but
it's kind of like I'm kind of stuck with
what I can do because FIFA hasn't
changed much the funnest videos for me
have probably been football videos or
like the helium challenge or any
challenges in the kitchen
rap battle with FIFA FIFA but they
know you're gonna fire every year chase
the players chase the name and they
supply it they just waiting for Pro Evo
to give them competition and it's
horrible that they can even be in this
position
something news coming to the game oh
wait we can feel the bras there's a new
button to party a to kiss my people bio
game no matter what we do we just say
the name and lemon put our fists inside
of you
and pull out your money I think I'm
getting déjà food it's we've been
doing this since before 2002
if you're about to be executed what
would you want your last meal to be none
done what would you do if your sweat
weight got stolen
do you ever just sit there and think
about how much your life has changed
over the past year sometimes I do but at
the same time I like to think that
nothing's really changed because I still
hang out with my same friends I still
sit I'm still in the same room I was in
a year I got shut up Birds that's the
only annoying thing the birds have
changed last year they weren't this
annoying but yeah literally like I don't
think anything's changed dramatically
obviously views have changed subscribers
have changed everything like that
there's a lot of new faces here that one
here a year ago but in terms of my life
yeah I get to do a lot more cool
opportunities and it is because of you
guys so we may disagree with me and you
may think that I've turned into a
completely different person but I'd like
to think I'm just a bit more confident
that's about it but yeah well to you and
the rest of the sidemen and my friends
on YouTube and everyone so yeah thank
you have you thought about making a
movie like care sighs doing right now
and what would it be about nod stick to
YouTube I don't I don't really see the
need for a movie personally like JJ has
that aspiration he wants to do that I
mean anyway I do a movie is if this
actually turned out to be a movie and
people watching me right now
not one thing man
you
red means the end of the video blue
means continue
