Oh Louis so sorry it's lucky that after
this troll comment the top corner was to
get it back sorry collaboration gonna
have to put in Laurice again what's up
guys and welcome back to an ultimate
team episode as I said the top comment
was to get lorries back instead of
Courtois cuz the top corner was actually
via this team which apparently a 5k team
but I think you'll find all actually
legends so where were we we were in
Division 2 we have won five our five
games all I have to do is win two games
today and I win the title and we are
into Division one and no I'm not doing
the glitch the nepenthez showed in his
video yesterday now before we stop you
guys want any odds with team guys check
out the info ninja doc come they're
reliable secure any of you use mini ten
you get a 10% discount check am I in the
description let's go game number one
that's is oblivion ooh I see that little
center bag you got ass see that blue
came up big old bull dealer let's go
come on chase them down storage chase
them down
alright that's mine that's my boom-boom
alright no come on now don't do that
don't be that guy don't be that guy
why do you do why are you doing that all
you're gonna do
lose please see on the right are you mad
okay come on we got a nice little chance
and I still chance will en Julianne ah
no no no no no okay Chris Bob seriously
what the hell was that will Ian okay we
still got us we still got a chance
though we still got a chance to do a
chart turns out what I wide didn't mean
to pass it there oh oh oh oh oh oh he's
out of his gun ah he's taken in please
she may what are you doing that's that's
one goal I'm gonna win this game and
that's promotion far side far side far
side Willian
whoa whoa no I know you saw me press
buttons okay okay wait wait wait still
good
what the Frick is that Oh push up push
odd turns out turns out Shirley Shirley
Shirley wait okay I'm not I don't know
what I'm doing I don't know what I'm
doing I'm trying too many tricks I just
need to win okay
No
no I need to I need to just take some
chances now okay go go go go go take my
chances take my Chuck take the charts is
side by side by side by side come on
this has to be it has to be bang that
was an absolutely terrible terrible
terrible shot pass it up Wow please can
I just get a go one more go come on
pastor there pass it in pass it in pass
it wait no no I don't I just I actually
don't know what happened blow your
whistle blow you win that and that's it
when done that's the half that's the
half or not play on play on wait now
really maybe I don't deserve to be
winning that bad okay but admittedly I
do keep getting the Arian just faffing
about not this half when we go where we
go from here where do we go there we go
there we go and then you turn out you
turn out I'm buying there you go - I
told you I'm not making mistakes this
half this moment beat me he fucked up
what what what what what what is going
on a big tackle big tackle please
cool what's love fuck is going on
why the hell is again these chances
again okay no no no no no no all my days
I could've been a pen
why easily but I need another goal
please can I just get another goal this
is actually painful no no oh my days you
can't do anything late is terrible I'm
doing maybe we did yeah there you go
there you go see didn't expect that I
did expect that one I didn't need to do
that but it worked didn't come no no
that was in English that's so nice
that's so nice then you passed it back
and finished no finish that sounds like
a nut and he's done it he's only gonna
throw yes glory yes yes not gonna say I
deserved it I'm not I'm not saying that
oh but I won and that's what matters
which means one more win and I am a
Division one I didn't think I'd be able
to finish this series by the time Peter
16 came out and I've got quite a while
we're going with the BPL team again we
are playing exaltation exultation and
here's Neymar and yeah he's got a pretty
good team I mean I'm in Division two I
don't expect anything different now so
I'm a cool actually
one game and I perfect season playing
okay Willie and sees Diego coast up see
them oh no whoa oh shit oh shit no he's
going down no that's a goalless what why
is it that the game for the title is
always harder Carnell the feel that
cooks why I would have saved that oh no
oh no why I've got something in my I've
got aa
Ecosse go go go please release okay Oh
dad do cosmic plan restaurant where the
runs why is it not like diarrhea where
are the runs come on bang straight into
his hands go on all mistake mistake made
no Diego twisters having a shocker why
did I not pass that then there we go
there we go
why God video cuz the pasta in mother
puddle oh please yes yes alright oh my
days I don't want to lose the stupid
even if I have to draw this game that's
fine as long as I don't lose it's
actually the other way around this time
he doesn't actually had any shots he's
up one and he scores
Ted Rooney Rooney turns back turns back
that's bad pass it out oh oh oh that's a
pepper pot oh my gosh early by the way I
know it's not Shirley I know it's early
but I call him surely as a nickname yes
oh shit no no no keeps digits oh no I
think I think I actually stopped that I
think I think I actually stopped it play
pay possum possum possum oh okay not
there alright I'll do that though
they'll do wait is it goats it gallops
us through one Shirley Shirley have one
Wayne Rooney may have just won us the
title
oh no it's a bit too far wait wait wait
no that's not subside in it's not he's
got but both of you just missed the ball
yeah oh yeah oh yeah there you go there
you go there ya go got it flying ninja
kick didn't even work how else am i
Metascore is he going exultation is left
that's the title here on the sides and
we're in Division one look how beautiful
it is we won seven out of seven games in
the last revision calmly we've actually
done it with in Division one I could
potentially end this in four episodes if
I win every game you guys need to let me
know who you want me to buy I have
eighteen and a half thousand coins
that's all for today thank you guys so
much for watching and we up there with
there for the final stretch all right no
more no more cuts copyright yeah that's
it thank you guys watching and sue what
this is the one this one oh not alive
haha was it hello big boy chick yeah
yeah I don't have it from Thompson ol2
up Thanks alright I don't we got shoot
song is quite bad doesn't sound good
never react I said bye to Bing well tell
me
