yeah guys this all broken so another
group to glory today is a very different
episode because I am doing this indoor
I'm not a piece of meat
okay I'm gonna have ten attempts as
usual to get high JJ is basically gonna
throw fireballs from this height and
then five from the next time I have to
try and control it within that so down
there very much so every time I do I'm
not gonna kill no
yes oh no you fail okay we are back and
we got four full packs it wasn't the
best I I'll admit it it was it was kind
of bad I know that but we sold Lazaro
and Sunoco and we still have these to
sell now the annoying thing is here we
are in Division a now this is the final
episode as long as I assume we win one
game where we will be getting the normal
silver packs after this episode we move
up to the next silver pack the silver
Premium Pack I believe or are these
normal super packs the other thing to
note as well is after this episode as
long as we get promoted division 7 is
where I said we move on to the next
her--let which means there may be a
little while until I get the next one
because I do need to go get a new kit I
can't just wear this I can't buy the
Chelsea hood at the whole time I need to
get the new kit which is for the other
Hollett which I believe is like 88 rated
anyway let me just open these four packs
warm again I assume nothing we get a
rare we actually get a rare this time we
get bugged English you might fit too
many players overturning my pit team
back number two I can't wait till we
start getting gold pack well--don't
saying that you know what we'll take him
just in case number three's and I've
skipped yeah I can't be bothered with
these terrible terrible packs time for
the final play why are you giving me Oh
English okay but you know what we'll
take him just in case you never know
alright so top comment today was damn
it's so weird seeing Simon with brown
hair it's not brown okay it does kind of
look around I'll give you that okay you
know what never mind the next top
comment was who - Bart le Ali
other thing is he is a cam how's he
gonna way let me just check my formation
but of this guy we could play him there
and then sent a mids
he would link with everyone I assumed
that's what you mean I hope it is
because I am not getting rid of bullets
oh damn okay eight and a half thousand
there we go we still have seven and a
half K means I'm sorry Bloomfield but
you're out the team did well I think he
might not played jelly alley look at
that look at all the links well they're
saying that we are gonna actually have
to take off a load of people because
they're really tired I mean that's still
good we still
I'm chemin and admittedly next okay when
we move into the next division I use a
fitness for three goals of the players
from the Premier League today okay let's
do that as I said one more game that's
it one win and we're good
oh my god Amy maybe one more game after
this holy cow how am I gonna beat this
guy I haven't played in so long by the
way that I'm gonna be very rusty alright
guys find the way okay posture oh we all
know he's throwing it there look at that
play
boom gone I'll stand what the fuck keeps
our oh my god Oh Mike can we talk about
this ball team and we're just gonna run
away wall doesn't have cooties sleep
please boom there we go we're back in
with a let's go on pass it in play it
again pass it in again no pass it back
why come I'll bug it just Oh what's back
how's it back take such bring it oh I'm
such an idiot I'm actually a moron how
am i old do I dress myself in the
morning this is it this is it oh I'm
actually I'm actually an idiot do you
see how I'm playing do you see what I'm
doing I'm literally getting to the goal
and not shooting I get to the goal and
then I do this extra little past my eyes
did the one-two and if for some reason I
did three now I need to stop I need to
stop I need to stop I need to stop stop
sources the next goal is very important
besides there you go take a touch oh
don't oh oh
bullet this is this this is his final
episode that's why he's scoring all
these goals what pasta for word pasta
there toss it back boom yeah no that one
doesn't work that is it that one that
one doesn't go in oh my god oh oh good
plunge bottle until yet oh please
bring it Delf left foot he's gonna score
in his left foot it oh this guy's had so
many corners it's unbelievable and he
hasn't scored one yeah somehow he's done
the near post acting every time and for
some reason I haven't stopped it pull it
roulette sim turns back pasta across oh
my god oh no no no no no no how was he
school
how is it here so just doing that come
on come on show us why come on come on
come on you know what it's Austin I had
to go for it I was about to get tackled
out against Ramos which is anointing it
out the division yet I'm honestly not
doing this on purpose a lot you were
gonna be doing it on purpose so that you
need another two points if I draw the
next one I think no matter what I'm
getting promoted today guys we need a
left or right back seriously please
suggest the left or right that I didn't
want to use this because I wanted to use
it for the next game but we're gonna use
this squad fitness car we're using it I
need to win this game yep that is our
best team now that is a hundred percent
actually we could go that I mean we can
always change that as well and then we
get to Green link let's see the team
we're facing golds bro why is he got a
French team his name is Paris plate
makes sense you know I make sense don't
freaking go bro
my team is ready my team is ready go and
hurl it pull it pull it
oh that's why you have to come tackle me
bro I'm a shoe okay we're now in that
we're now we're now in that okay nice go
Ronnie when he when he when he nice boom
okay my screen keeps flashing on and off
this is a serious issue that I should
really fix I think it's the wire bang
hello ah nipple boy man house nipple boy
saving that last forward bust down turn
out pass up take touch aim off the wrong
person what we'll take this boom Austin
he's left I don't know take some touch
you know what left foot finesse okay I
was actually very wise go on chill well
give him a little chilly willie boom
there you go Austin turnout back
Delf left foot Oh for nill make he
hasn't he's had one shot it wasn't even
on targets just see this game out let's
go let's let's just finish him okay now
I'm in trouble I'm in trouble
yep go and pass it no that's what you
get for not pop flop before trying to
pass it when you should have your shot I
let you let him have the shot right
delft left foot boom boom left foot dope
I told you right
four six six now come on phasers bang it
there's a goal there we go see that's so
simple why can't I do that all the time
come on hey Zeus we got one more bang it
across there it is they can't stop it if
you just old like bear power doesn't
they can't stop it damos on a run lay
them off balls like that see that's a
nice goal that's the play I was trying
to do in the last game that you couldn't
do and that's not a true it's not never
mind that's two girls the m24 del one
for her lip there it is whoa and that is
promotion oh yes finally out give a ten
out of ten for fees you safe Neal four
and a half thousand Club we got some
coins to spend boys Civ seven which
means you know what we have fourteen
thousand coins now on whoever you guys
want preferably a right or left back I
need one or a centre-back we also be
able to premium silver packs next time
so keep let me know what challenges you
want me to do I saw the top comment I
think was headers so I might try and get
that done the other thing I need to get
done guys is slip eighty six is the one
we've been using ninety and ninety three
I don't even know if there's a 93 on the
market I mean we won't go for him anyway
hopefully by then there will be ninety
rated hoola how much is he going for
three and a half mil okay guys I have to
work on that two years at PSV I have to
go buy a PSV shirt yes so the hoola
isn't actually out yet the ninety three
ones
so I'll double check and make sure
before I buy a PSV show PSV bullets we
should have in next episode it might
take a little while but as I said that's
all for today thank you guys for
watching let me know the play piece when
I get the pool I know where to put it
Hollywood it ain't funny
so I practiced our stay on playing at P
my knee my knee my knee I said I've got
to eat Barney hey that's why I practiced
our stay on playing at B my knee I said
I've got it ain't funny
