this is it this is the final ever
episode of hunting we will go it's been
a great season it's been a great series
so this is it if we lose it's still over
even if we lose even if we win it's over
no matter what happens this is the final
episode ever we put a load of stuff up
for sale last time Hazzard has sold 470
K son has sold 445 K Henry sold a load
of these which means we have 493 K which
means almost 500 thousand coins we could
get hazard 92 rated we may have to buy
him as like a cent amid and make him
move forward but we do have a camp to
send a Ford and a center forward the
striker so we can get him so hazard
welcome to the team he's going up from
and then I left mid we are getting Sun
we're getting the 88 rated Sun 96,000
you know what we're gonna just take it
oh the team is done I'm kind of upset
although I want to say this before we
play the matches it has been an amazing
season I love everyone that supported
this series everything like that I'm
gonna be doing a giveaway you guys need
to like this video and tweet me that
you've liked it I'm gonna be doing a
tweet after this episode goes out we're
saying that if you guys want to win this
show I don't know it's the only thing I
can think of all you gotta do is retweet
the tweet it will only be available for
people in the UK because I'm going to
try and hand deliver it myself
let's just ignore that ignore that for
now let's just focus on this left mid
son now we could stick with that but you
guys told me specifically to play hunter
as a camp now we don't actually have a
center forward to cam but I will go buy
one now we do have a cam to send a
forward though and a centre forward to
striker as well which means the hazard
is done the team is complete I so
comments on the last one telling me to
use a consumable and a hunter and give
him a plus 6 and everything so it's been
done it he has a plus 6 on every
attribute it's time to play the issue is
we have to draw and win our last two
games if we lose our first game it's
over the series is done and people said
to a girafft if you lose but know that
that's it one game if I lose I'm nicely
terrified the final game if we lose oh
my god why
why why why why why why why this is the
kind of shit where I just lose straight
away isn't it we all know we all know we
all know how this game going how this
game goes for me don't do it don't do it
don't do it do not near post me don't
near post me pass it forward
what's would up take a shot boom are you
mad
what are you doing as if you're turning
the wrong way oh my god oh my god please
hunter for nuts how is he just catching
things like that call that quicker than
Jay Jay catches STDs
now that's mean I don't mean that no no
no no no stop stop this stop your attack
block keeps oh let's go oh my god okay
here we go here we go good for us don't
work on the winning come on just got the
golden boy you have no idea like I'm
trying to keep my hands still right now
this is this game is being made so much
harder oh dear dear what a tackle get to
it go what are you doing so far forward
hunter go go go go go final shots at the
half final shots love let's run oh come
on no no no no blow the whistle thank
you I'll take that one nail oh oh oh
this is horrible this is truly truly
horrible I've never actually been this
nervous it's mad it's it's so mad
closing down close enough close them
down Walker is an absolute hero
what the hell what the hell no no no no
no outside oh there's no one in there oh
there are the bad boys take such money
how freaky you not scoring that money
stop him stop him he's gonna pass it
he's gonna turn back yeah we all know
that we only dad's coming no no no oh my
god he missed oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god just get rid oh and nurses
go
he's missed it I put him off just enough
I'm being destroyed right now come on
come on Ref how's he done that then oh
my god how does he go on ultra date I'm
not ashamed I'm not ashamed to have gone
ultra date oh my god oh my Daisy's got
so lucky as well come on we've got ten
minutes please please no no no no no can
a boy please though Lori come on five
minutes
no fussy fussy no no you're rid one more
minute we've done it we've just won the
first game
is the draw in the final game and we win
the league Hunter man-of-the-match I
don't even care about packs we have no
need for packs we just need one point
look at it I mean I'm gonna open the
packs anyway but look I mean let's just
open two of these bad boys it's just
players all gold one rare yeah well I
bring those we're not looking open
another one of those all right let's go
for one of these bad boys 15,000 screw
it we'll open one more as well just why
don't their terrible packs I don't we
don't need anything to be honest the
only thing I could say we'd get is you
know like a better player than the
players we already have I know one point
screw it we're buying a +10 for hunter
it's done he's got a +10 I don't care
what your team is anymore I don't I
don't actually care
oh my god okay maybe I do I hope you're
not good I hope you just bought this
team one point one point please so just
we won't no no oh my god oh my god if I
can get another gold quick he might quit
oh I just want another goal that's all I
want that's all I want oh come on
it was my birthday yesterday laughs yeah
that tells you when I recorded this
think the last guy I played was better
than him but that doesn't mean anything
in this fog but Whipple Bolan no no no
no all right possible and Hojo
how is he saving that I should have
taken a touch okay we put a near post in
near post hunter you ran too far how
have you not learned that that's what I
do go what's up go hunter go heads-up
please no no no I'm actually really
upset I should have got a couple goals
already I should be like two Nilla what
the fuck what the fuck what the fuck
don't lame it oh yeah yeah yeah yeah you
don't know who I'm going the double tap
no just play over just him all we needed
was that to just go over him we didn't
why is it like him was it like in what's
he do
like Lauren bitch oh my god it wasn't
even going in no no this is exactly what
I'm talking about we need to need to
just make it to halftime okay we made it
to halftime we got one goal ahead
I just need one point so I'm at one
point just finish this game off oh I
think he's on like ultra attacks oh my
god Ultra D hazard hazard passed across
Sanchez oh my god that was awful that
was so bad this has to be a goal please
please
Sanchez why am i shooting from that kind
of angle the little one the little one
boom please please how is he getting
away with that oh my god
Sanchez + Lucas what is please why why
come on let's go Papa blaming hunter
this is a joke this game is a joke I'm
going to lose oh my god I'm going I'm
gonna lose he's gonna oh my god why am I
did why how is he getting this kind of
space why is he not happy with the draw
why is he not happy with the draw no no
oh my god why is he not happy with the
draw we have 15 minutes if we can draw
we're in the lead how how's he getting
this house again this space no no no
there's no way I'm gonna lose I'm
actually gonna lose I was turning it up
I'll say cross hunter hunter oh my god
why is ah oh my god it's over it's over
it's our oh my god we've lost no no we
basically just lost oh my god we just
this game is shit we just lost 3-2 so
that's this game it is bollocks
are you serious we needed one point and
he scores the most bullshit go I've ever
seen in my life to come back into it
look at this look at this bollocks we
miss out by one point I'm genuinely
furious right now that's all for hunting
we will go that's the final ever episode
I might do like a best-of at one point I
probably know I don't know 85 episodes
and we were that close 10 minutes 10
minutes away we didn't win Division one
one goal thanks for watching if you have
enjoyed it leave a like on this is the
last ever episode so leave a like as I
said if you do want to win this t-shirt
for some reason like and you're in
England retweet the tweet that I'm gonna
tweet out now I'll pick a winner after
like a couple days thanks for watching
bitch none of you niggas are fucking
with me I'm on the whole wait just wait
you see that's why I came by the way TP
never holding the key in full daylight
so Josephine I got the great infrared
beam prison Jack no I mean I'm I never
eat that stuff up
