what's up guys and welcome back to
another discard pack challenge with me
and Zurcher illuminates sucker
illuminates up sup man I'm not here I'm
not here to like illuminate Oh pouring
himself right so if you don't know how
this series works it's basically like
Top Trumps so we're gonna open up how
going to choose the stat beforehand the
play that pops up a storm you have to
choose whoever has the highest fat gets
to keep their pack the other person has
to discard their whole pack no matter
who the player is that's pretty much it
right so before we start if you guys
want any coins to try this yourself
check out beeping intercom in the
description using 10 you get a 10%
discount they are cheap and secure but
for now Josh let's get on with the packs
okay so there are these 35k packs we're
gonna be opening all 10 and hopefully
getting some conclusions but hopefully
I'm going to keep mine and Scott Josh's
so we're going to go across the stats of
the first one is the top left and top
right middle left middle right lower
line continue by that okay Josh okay 35
K Pat is there gonna be a teammate as
you lose the top left top left is the
stat on that place up okay okay so it's
Billy's count by the way let's just talk
later
I have a golfer I am diving 84 lakh is
at 88 say goodbye to your pack so I have
to discard my pack that's how this works
okay so my ice a pack - we're going for
the top right stat are you ready I'm
ready 3 2 1 go oh no my dear we don't
know pulau weh what I don't get pumpkin
you're thinking just top right top right
is the spur hollow my guy would being
good at diving
that is instead of us gets 75 61 my guys
gone alright 3 2 1 go
half ahead of me well ro go 3 I want I
want to get blue I'm really want to get
blue it I look ugly yet you have a blue
I'm having shock oh my god it's the
middle left as well as net oh my god so
what we opening here is pure consumables
right the middle there terrible little
Huggle color again
shooting what was I shouting at 51
so the B - yeah get rid of that pack we
need a blue but later home to get blue
in this series
Oh rubber bang okay oh my little rise
net yeah I might as well just to start a
pathway to star mine is 60 minus 30
yep for say that I've got javi and some
point 34 um on blue a little yeah blue
high-five yourself okay oh oh let bottom
left I'll tear that Stevens that passing
a spree yeah got 78 car thing swag so
that madhavi's I'm winning does it know
you went into it right hey number six so
this is the tie to score up to three all
come up I need to live wasn't right
this is bottom right right taking a long
time so that's physical isn't it Eliza
don't open oh okay he's decent a
physical oh I got a goalkeeper and
you're fucked booth on 99-81 closed you
out by waiting okay so for to to you
right now
and no selling as of yet it's still not
blue for me but it's top-left 76179 I
know I need a sequin one I need to get
someone I'm sick get someone sick and
then just swim what is it what's that is
it all I want to say top right please
see you I should play you know that I
can hear you haha I may have got a blue
oh did you get a blue yeah no shit just
got real
yeah which one's good which ones bet
they know whose is better I bet your
spirit so it's all right isn't it all
right
I know you're my other little girls in
center news nah I'm chance who dribbling
yeah who less is maybe wait what what 10
is it in 7th yeah the same 78 same what
did you get Ghana loans now I've got
Thiago I got going on 78 ok turkey bone
now we don't Josh we're gonna go to the
next highest rated player and is there
no no no no no no no this is unfair
you've said that okay you know what okay
you know what we're gonna open another
pack and whoever wins the next one has
to the other person has to start go back
and discard other teams even I said this
pack has even more on it because say you
get another blue now you could have
potentially discard him and the other
one
are you ready okay three two one go
please I don't want to do now imagine
two back-to-back blooms and I get to
keep the boys toast middle-left yeah
these are good good oh it's shooting
isn't it oh nice my shooting is 60
yes that's it 16 yeah Oh
what's your of 63 back to the factory
where unions got Tim a season yeah
two-for-one in fact you just said it
happen there is the gun Ilan's okay yeah
there he is look down up down
okay quick sell and I hate got alarmed
isn't gone I gotta leave up two in a row
I don't make it free let's go please
this earth one this josh is definitely
winning this he's definitely not overall
blood via bird right now this is a
little right yeah fuck you I'm winning
this one is Ravi yeah I'm not so
depending eighty yep Wow 65 done what I
was anticlimactic but yeah that's all
for today be sure to check out Josh in
the description and yeah thanks for
making me discarded team of the season
joy Laurie's may I open a problem I can
hope I care bronze blue then but didn't
thanks for that so that's a great story
anyways thank you guys watching and
shoot oh how was that oh oh oh Thomas
does bank hey that's a nice trip me then
oh shit he's got pays up from Bart was
Jimmy's gonna trap off it well he's not
he's going across rock rock no stop at
this tell us
hop in right now no
