what's up guys and welcome to a pack
opening everyone seems to be doing one
so I thought why not I mean immediately
they have reason to team of the season
has just come out but it does seem like
everyone seems to be getting someone so
if I don't get anyone I'm a bit pissed
now before we start if you guys want any
coins no compacts to get Tim in the
season be sure to check out fifa ninja
they are cheap and secure and if you use
mini ten you get a 10% discount so team
of the week as well this is the team now
there's like these three in the middle
that I really want racket it's still the
silver and go your way and a team at a
season we got our likes of ratty we got
our message and any of them to be honest
the blue card is a blue card right so
let's not waste any more time let's just
open a pack you need a blue card
obviously I don't expect to get one of
my first pack but it would be pretty
nice
so I was not too bad you know I'm not
I'm not gonna complain about Alba you
know he's pretty decent and at oh he's
pretty decent I have seen people doing
pack openings and getting like 30 but
one not day 20 blue cards but they
aren't pissed for which it is easier to
get players on and yeah see I'm on xbox
and I'm pretty certain it's harder to
get good players on the Xbox
okay I've actually been opening quite a
few packs now I've probably edited out a
lot of this because it's so bad but oh
my god Socrates really more like suck
your mum sorry that was terrible okay
its Stein again be ridiculous now I
could actually use a blue I'm like why
can't I get Oh
in form like a Titch I will take that
one he's actually decent lie he's got
some good stats but ask me if he's blue
go and ask me off me no he's not blue
III this is the one this is the one you
ready 3 2 1 oz bitterly 3 2 1 boom
you're gonna be cruel you're gonna
really you're gonna be cruel you're
gonna give me a fake Torres so whether
they're cruel fake Torres whatever every
time I open a pack I just look at
Twitter and then I see someone's just
going on the flu and I haven't got a
single blue yards why I'm getting myself
in a pack
God That's not me I mean yours really
look like me please what tellingly
no wait that means I own it Simon's that
means I own him oh my fucking god
alright one blue is all I need one blue
and it's a good pack opening that's all
I need to get I know other people
getting to it okay that's not a blue so
yeah we'll just get rid of that
straightaway and we'll open the next
pack here we go this is ridiculous this
is actually ridiculous I'm not getting a
single blue and then and then I get a
blue actually going delete oh yeah his
shit I mean like he's got three star and
4 stars skill moves but I mean I'll keep
him but he's not great now why am i
complaining I thought blue that's what I
asked for
wait really another one another
different one we are that cheeky girls
the did she go
touch my bum oh we go on and I got
another shit one yay yay whoo I don't
believe I'm complaining about blues it's
cuz everyone's getting them is exactly
what happened last year everyone opens
packs
everyone gets them in the first one when
the team is shit and then the next team
comes out all those old team of the
seasons easy to pack no they're not only
the first week I mean fellow Robbie ISM
too
I mean he's got 94 pace and he plays in
the Bundesliga so I can use him I'm
looking at it realistically to blues and
in for marketers having implemented
especially the best possible and now
f√†bregas and not too bad come on Luke
no Aaron Ramsey oh and a guy with the
letter that doesn't exist no I don't
want pedophiles in my club look at him
look at him he will touch you while you
sleep the Guzman and the Dow and back a
Yoko come on I need blue number three
give reason stand Eminem yes Liam hello
- what you still they call me I we're
gonna revisit an elephant putt now gonna
do elephant pack next one after this
pack after this pack we are doing an
elephant dance pack but for now well no
right now I'm sorry I actually got one
that is good I actually got a good team
of the season but I never really use a
French team so I'm probably not gonna
use them so we got some good players
good players good ad we gave them
rackets it again that's a purple which
now - - that's not in for market it
actually think that's better than any
pack up got so far no I got team in two
seasons but that's better okay so we are
almost done for the day can we get any
final pools we get Benzema and a girl
called Anissa okay so we have about four
or five days left something like
any last pauses or pencil now I get
Muller as well it's actually been a
supply company you know three blues
purple two informs and for our third
final part we are going to get inform
racket it's again or no we got we got
book wrap people ready be ready Medusa
head on me like I'm luminary now I may
actually build a French league team but
I can never ever ever complain about
getting 87 rate play and I think a nice
you have to end of happening there JJ
wins it Bank how are you this enough
Josh as the bull dress at the ball plus
pinup shoot no think okay go on go and
chip it in and pick bang that was too
slow Benz they got some fence players
okay we got 10 seconds left 10 seconds
left the past must but no no no why my
boss the woman do shoe
