but munches assemble Budapest is our
next game 10 games down five to go as
long as I win one of them I am safe the
next episode we have the playoffs
hopefully the next episode we're in
Division one
I got maracas and butt crack they are
two of the teams that are just behind me
as I said game 11 Budapest
hahaha I don't know why that's even
funny why is Buddha but funny oh oh
looks ok good lockpick chips in JJ wins
it Bank how are you this enough just as
the bull just at the wall plus me in a
suit no think okay go on go and chip in
and Big Bang that was too slow bends
they got some fence players okay we got
10 seconds left 10 seconds left the bus
bus but no no no why my boss the woman
dude shoot shoot
damn it bent ah those completely for I
am I'm not scoring that may what am i
doing Ethan you go get bear in the air
may you guys need to get better at Suzy
as well you need some accuracy come on
see look I'm not even top anymore now
I'm playing prego they are second bottom
of the league I have to win I just
that's what you will alive you had
ginger no no no no Toby great said Toby
great save until you get it yes go go go
go go go go go go good pass that wide
there you go
change it Oh plus I passed it I need a
goal I actually meet a goal please
please losing that lose enough you seen
it that is a shocking bow are they so
defensive gap yes 20 seconds go get the
baby get the ball get the ball little
boy chips
them Josh dun to nil look at implicator
Josh look at him look at her George so
happy upbeat and craggy that was a bit
oh my god they just scored they just
call it difficult and offend but I can't
attack still second I need maracas to
loosen if I lose this game I actually go
below Fortaleza
let's beat fort laser come on chip in
chip in varrock Bank won't get that chip
in again JJ that's copy Thank You JJ JJ
is on another old juniors on another of
sons it shoots water safe mad u mad u
mad what's going on
Athens on the book please on the book
Ethan shoots up the ball no Josh the
angles angles against - I got against -
oh no no I'm leg up nah Toby Toby guess
a lot what yet you let the frickin Golan
okay no Toby you need to save this one
please but Toby Toby wait I need to call
Toby again hey Toby no no no it's over -
Zoey no no but you say Toby you saved it
now i'ma win this game and do this for
mine and Toby's friendship shit never
mind
shit nah I'm losing I'm losing think
seconds left it's gonna be it's gonna be
straight to your door with only gay I
lost I have drawn won and lost the game
I don't care them safe I'm so JJ JJ JJ
right oh why am I not passing across
Yuri man down my face come up there you
figure there you go josh Josh Bank oh
thank you pass hang on
that's that's that you do need to sweat
no I'm not laying another lead slip I'm
not losing this game I refuse the
frickin lose the game
past puss no I'm it's a bull why there
what is good enough I'm passing about
and I did a wandering convict kale JJ
picks it up chips in just rush of wonder
finally won another game my comment even
lost the last one I want it clean sheet
that's it that's it done we just put me
back to second place I have one game of
the season left and I'm pretty certain I
would have to have a big big win to get
first place I'm playing Mexico let's go
today with the angle there's one there's
one I told you I'm getting a big big oh
no no watch themselves fuck haha
parachute why are there always so many
people on JJ Josh Josh just for no thick
thick last time especially my last job
Hassan positive break tossed oh man
defend for my life defense defense yes
nice nice nice nice nice nice nice nice
Josh bang done question is did I do
enough why didn't they one as well but
that's the end of the season I am into
the playoffs for division 2 well for
division 1 realistically but you know I
mean I am going to be playing the Burt
berming potentially if I beat them on
playing fort laser or nipples then I
could meet maracas butt crack a mossy
cow or Chaco I'd have a funny name for
that that'll be next time thank you guys
for watching today sue come assignment
it's all about the player I let's get
some movement let's get some let's sweat
right now dude oh right you're mad
oh my god sending that oh okay we run to
be near run Oh what the hell was that oh
oh oh javis does fine
hey listen
