every episode I get a free pack this
time I have a feeling that it's gonna be
good
what's up guys and welcome back to your
a team now before we start be sure to
check out fifa ninja they are back and
they are cheap and secure use mini ten
and you can get 10% off right let's get
on with the game I asked you guys who I
should buy top comment blood Sanchez or
caught one I can't afford him so I'm
gonna buy Courtois but it does mean I
have like no coins left now I was gonna
get scientistic a but then I thought how
much Laurice has fucked up for me
started off so promising but he is he
has messed me about so now we are still
in Division two we have a new goalkeeper
one more win and I'm securing the
division if I win both games today I
will need one win out my remaining five
skip moment then I am in the holy land
yummy what oh my god he's got an 88
rated team yep he's got one team at a
yeah he's got an in-form he's got a
Guerro hazard round on my days this is
gonna not be fun come on Simon it's all
about the player hi let's get some
movement let's get some let's play this
okay
ridin all right now dude oh right you're
mad oh my god singing that oh okay we're
on to be near run run oh no no no no no
oh how was that
whoa-ohh-ohh service does fine hey
that's at least trip me then oh shit
he's got pays up from Bart wood Jimmy's
gonna Trump off it or he's not he's get
the cross block no no stop at this tell
us
Hassan right now no okay wait there's
kind of much for your Baba tackle go
into this tell us
Travis you know what you know what what
what no no no no I gotta go
always cough dirty stuff to get rid okay
okay we go who go who go Oh tons in well
through bang I was just not a bang oh oh
oh wait wait wait wait
God one two one two one two one two
fine why are they okay I'm not gonna say
bang anymore okay last chance last just
off no wait this is not there's no piece
here there is no oh my days for Dow is
so slow halftime I deserve to be
wouldn't look at that and now he brings
up DeMaria and it's all gonna change but
Ben's we've said ball in and Bo Paul
said boom I'm sorry
a touch by no guys a pen just please let
me school guys okay okay just keep
running just keep pulsing okay oh wait
keep good okay I'll keep I'll sit
outside I'll try that Mazda back that's
enough that's a sick pulse that's not
right it's really not a sick part nevis
back disease assigns me or is he or is
he why stop he's not yes that was the
slowest wind up to ensure ever what
apart water pass what applause oh no
paper corner I have literally destroyed
this guy I don't know how it's only two
nil how's figitus my sense method does
are just two of them wait oh oh oh oh no
I wanted to play on a triple drown all
of them my day seven how I got through
there no no no no no no no always but
he's got me over you spot me at the age
mug beer okay Fair Play he's go go askew
let's stop now okay let's just see the
game out let's seal out the stop stop
you're embarrassing us up now just stop
please come on man come on come on
you're embarrassing yourself just stop
that's it game it was so deserved
look at those stats and I'm now saving
the division one more win and I am in a
very very very good position and the
person I am going to destroy has a
standard Cpl team although that is case
abuses Aquinas right let's try and make
him quit that's the challenge for today
Oh for fuck's sake the space abuse is
gonna kill me
go go go go go ah fine
why do I keep saying bang cuz I think
that's what I want it to be I want it to
be a bang but it's never a bang look
that's not what the hotter I am as good
a corner today I don't think I've hit
the bar but I'm actually score
really is playing such attacking
football what that's leaving a
counter-attack open or is it no no slow
coupe
what is it Oh No there we go are we
turning again I still turn get a nice
little turn a nice this is this is so
good no I turn it away sort of a weapon
that's not even a corner now I I do get
panic whenever we look at it huh gotta
stop annoying
oh boy it's really starting to piss me
off he keeps no what's the challenge
chill anybody as if anyone garrard
garrard play through the space this is
face what a ball what a ball but I went
the wrong way I went from oh no I need a
second goal again I need a second go
he's really spun and put a pressure on
live foot no we've got to have time he
has had one shot and it was that storage
one minute ago apart from that I am
destroying cease fire I've seen suicide
that is a fantastic bull below just to
kneel I am getting promoted this season
I am on the last 10 minutes and I am
winning two now surely car let's go
although you never know Barbeau on the
wing a bobble on the wing gets the ball
in there it is there's no one there but
I'm on the other side I'm gonna get
another ball in Ashley Cole whips in it
severs wins ahead of this the ball what
the fuck is going on oh oh service Oh
severs o7o service I need to just finish
this game
get where's games already over to be
honest but let's just just put it to bed
nope all right you don't want to slide
done
game over which means I need one win out
of five games to get promoted next
episode I could win the title of
division 2 who knows you guys need to
let me know who I'm gonna buy only a
four and half thousand points per spec
for twelve but let me know anyway thank
you guys so much for watching it su up
Diego cost on a run
Diego costs to run around turns back
whoop I'm past hey ref come on whoop oh
oh season it boom how did that miss
division 2 is actually a lot harder I
didn't really think it would be but is
oh oh whoa fresh rat come on run run run
run run
