yo what's up guys and welcome to the
final test of tops kick you haven't seen
my other videos go watch them now I'm
about to spoil the results I played
Ethan and I destroyed I played cow and I
what I play Josh and I lost but we don't
talk about that now for the final test
we're gonna play someone online you
don't know how this works I suggest to
go watch the other videos Bartman
explain anyway top skate is basically
like the old sticker books mixed in with
fat but we'll see you open up high they
get pointless and normal fantasy league
does it it's all dumped in packs you
also get this kind of rating system like
this the higher the bar the higher the
multiplier on the points is and for this
one episode I'm going to incorporate
those if I get any with four like this
guy right now I'm gonna put a +10
attribute bottom if they have three like
this guy I'm gonna give them a plus six
attribute card everyone else is normal
right so here we go we're opening the
pack here we go come on one rare and one
goalkeeper alright that's a plus six
shit Albrighton another six ok another
six
c'mere poor things accompanies these no
that's another six please come on man
you're giving me threes on all the
rubbish players oh there's three there
we go the hell is that right so I've
tried my best to make the team and yeah
technique it's pretty decent I mean I've
got check I've got company I've got
message I've got Nasri I've got DeMaria
kazuo cuadrado I do have tribute with a
+10 attribute card checks got the plus 6
Matt it has the plus 6 Austin as a plus
6 and Bertrand has the Plus it's 99
chemistry I actually think I could win
again pleased I have a good team please
have a good see why oh my god he's bad
too because as well no one uses
attribute gods unless you're doing this
kind of thing unless he is doing this
kind of thing right enough with that
let's go come on Austin
turns one gone go on make boom
what the fuck what the hell the hell
just happened
how about was he doing this what I used
this guy just dribbles okay where we go
look at the 1 2 ready
really oh no wait you didn't what that
was a terrible run gone great white
turns back in turns back in pass it
across plots it up
wow I get I was out right ok ok good
righto righto really wait
ok no one comes towards them he gets
across at are you mad late for you are
you serious
well oh it aside this is it this is it
last child watch Santa cos all a wide I
choose think of the win it's the slowest
person in the day all my days he's part
of the questionable questionable passes
please no no no no no flame flame
through no come on
oh damn it half time and I'm losing 1
nil is even likely Huntley got they
deserve to be winning it's perfectly
even time for me to destroy him
fuck it serious
please be Maria even done much this game
ah it's a good book
wait turns out oh my god company that's
the last play you want there pass it
pass it
where's the runs once the runs DeMaria
right he's not he's not a striker balls
to this yeah I wouldn't think he is with
that finishing take away Chancellor
please left Nouveau skippers cook twice
so much better than check his gold went
straight out my goalkeeper and it went
in oh my god is has run through he's
just run through a nice cool I've had
that same chance and I didn't score and
yeah sick goal keep in check
ok this is my last chance to go go this
is this is it this is the big push nope
that's no no wait wait wait instill that
no it's not wait it is maybe no okay
it's gone and now it is three now Wow
yet I suppose why DeMaria was so shit
and we're getting rid of course all the
whimper internationally on sick love it
love it absolutely love playing sick ppl
teams nah nah we're not losing another
game come on John come on young look at
this wait wait wait oh oh it turns in no
two big girls to bigots at a busting
it's a bad nasty Maria I beg I beg I beg
you score please just come on I told you
guys I'm not losing this game I told you
I told you I ain't losing this okay that
was a melody a shot yeah I'm not I'm not
sure if he's playing right now
I'm not sure if he's playing but if he's
not I'm still going
I don't think years yeah I'm I'm no no
no no come no fuck off please run please
run Austin please take a good sucks
that's a shocking judgment Austin is the
worst player I've got run Austin look in
look at Me's barely outpacing Jani oh no
wait okay but trying to do that you're
climbing impossible I told you guys I'm
winning this game that's me that's right
pull
ah ref come on thank you right DeMaria
you gonna just hit that in top corner
thank you
okay that's that's a good attempt okay
we're we get na de Maria de Maria chops
in chops in job Ike Godsey Maria that is
why I need him to be fit I don't do this
don't be that guy okay it is almost that
guy okay come on let's go let's go let's
go
chop oh crap wait wait wait no I didn't
ha but don't Austin scored one not
really sure how this goes in but you
know what we'll take it should be air
should be air - Pierre gross Oh spirit
Nasri I don't know that was ads it was a
easy win
it was a Jew in Lance I told you nasty
come on mate come on mate he's injured
himself shooting that's just fantastic
there we go he's done it three nil loss
then a three nil win I think I kinda
passed that challenge let me know if you
guys thought I passed it because I did
lose one but I did win one so it's kind
of like I'm tied it up that's over the
tops kick challenge today thank you guys
for watching soup that's big ah you've
got the goalkeeper Derek what no I
actually put my hands in the air to
celebrate oh all right let's strike her
no way now this game is bullshit
is people
