what's up guys I'm welcome to such and
discarded with me and cow frizzy what's
up now yeah I'm excited right so the
idea behind this is we both have three
good players so those are my three which
you can see right now those also cows 3
which you can see right now we take it
in turns to pick a position on the other
person's team they have to discard that
card first one to discard two of the
other person's wins to decide who goes
first the inkowl gonna open a
seven-and-a-half k pack the highest
rated card gets to go first right so
this is the decide who goes first this
could actually change the game quite a
lot eighty-six
what I got 84 I got 79 okay so cow you
get to go first you pick a position I
discard that first one to get rid of two
wins
let's go you'll go far johnross a Polish
Center bet you're that kind of guy
you're you cower that kind of guy that
puts one of them as a goalkeeper all
right right move
now it it was loud
Wow watch it see Davi play you have a
player as a right-back
no fuck you
I was so happy ok you have someone as a
right-back I have a player I need to
know this one
come come come come come
no no nothing Phil are you serious you
seem like the sort of guy we would
obviously have won at flight center back
no you are definitely a right center
back sort of guy left mid left mid south
no no no yes okay this is the fucking
love do not fuck this shit fuck you what
fucking Ramos
oh man of the match Ramos of what no
what not you know what no wait
do I get one more go - yeah but you at
first I'm just trying to get anything I
can do you know what yeah because I'm
actually just a good guy
am I good guy yes I'm no but you got one
more go
because that would make it even if you
know a centre-back don't be careful
I said no been an open guy you picked
out my t-midi air prophet discarded I
have to if the rule around Moses Oh
10,000 coins for Ramos oh these sites to
have inform Benzema me cow are gonna go
have a rematch on his channel yes and
we're gonna get some more good players
I'm gonna I'll actually have like three
more good players in my club I just well
you've done a pretty good job so far
i'ma pull out the only legend I have
pull out the only team of the year I
have oh and I'm gonna pull out another
inform that you're gonna get this time
oh yeah you can check that out in the
description or in Cowes channel that's
all for today I myself to sleep okay we
won't look how good my players are by
the way Toby has a 99 reaction and now
here's 74 speed
Harry look at that speed look at even
speed and is tackling Justin to speed JD
with the speed dick with the speed my
team is too good I'm a little firming
Birmingham I don't win this I'm gonna
eat my hat
whoa don't
