I don't know what I'm doing this but
yeah yeah that's right I'm doing a video
of me when I was younger who would have
thought but first of all first of all
mum why the hell are you making me dress
as a sailor it's as if you wanted me to
be get by even I look uncomfortable
there that's man and by the way it's man
an how films are kid when they're booing
mum series what why am i showing you
this
okay this is my brother's sports day
okay now you're probably thinking like
that one's me okay
That's not me no that's not me you're
you'll know which one's me yeah yeah
that one that one's me this is literally
the best moment of the day okay I find
out that I can go on a run like a race
with my brothers so it's gonna be me and
my brothers either side of me I am so
happy at this point then it all goes to
shit
like I don't want to be there how can
you not tell that leave me alone look
and then okay yeah we go in we're going
low I'm clearly oh but I get up and I
carry on I have that real go-getter
attitude facing the wrong way
you know I finished the race eventually
even if I had to be assured by my
brother even look like I'm crying
even my brother look look what my
brother says here this bit he goes fuck
off this is a me beat in one of my hoes
I was a pimp from a young age and have
many friends hung out with a lot of
trees me at me and my tree have a good
friendship you know it was yeah I miss
that tree man
i-i don't have a defense for this one
but on my side I do look sick in those
Supermax gums
I'm a sick dancer look at that love that
was close to a whip that almost counts I
know what I was doing that's that's
meant to be thriller it's the bit
where's like doing no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no fuck you looking at
seriously mom this is my Christmas I got
a cowboy hat I was ecstatic with that
but first you took me into a sailor now
a cowboy I wish I was a kitty and I was
happy with like I was happy with a tree
you saw that now it has to be something
good oh my god Vick next time you call
yourself helmet boy you know what just
just watch I am the original helmet boys
that helmet is twice the size of me
I'm rollerblading on grass with shin
pads this is horrifying
that was that was some sick
rollerskating good one young Simon you
know what to do when a kid comes close
just zoom in on his face okay now I
loved my dog okay this this may argue my
point but I promise I loved my dog
seriously I did
okay I don't have my dog lived for 17
years but like I don't know what I'm
doing there you know the worst part is
okay and this is still around today if
you saw someone getting eaten by giraffe
okay what's the first thing you would do
and don't say help them you would get
your phone out and you would film it
this is exactly the same I am pulling a
dog up a ladder and throw it off slides
and whoever filming I'm guessing my mom
or my dad is just filming is that
helping the dog yeah that's me pulling
again I'm done right so I'm sorry this
video was so short but basically there
wasn't that much footage so I hopefully
will be able to get more I'm not sure if
you would like to see another one of
these and some more of my younger years
please say no leave a like I'm gonna go
fight my mum thank you guys watching and
see it look how good my players are by
the way toby has a 99 reaction and now
he has 70 full speed
Harry look at that speed look at even
speed and is tackling just with the
speed JD with the speed dick with the
speed my team is too good I'm a little
firming Birmingham I don't win this I'm
gonna eat my hat oh my
whoa told you I'm not you know
