yo guys what's up and welcome to another
not safer YouTube today I have a very
special guest one of my favorite people
thank you
they found me on the street we also have
will sat here but he was he was last
week's contestant he refuses to leave as
well so anyway you don't know how this
game works I'm gonna give you 20
questions they are all comments from
either a porn video or a mini mentor /mm
selling games video some people say you
know porn of millions the same thing you
know hey last time you laughed in his
episode come on yeah I'll take it
so I'm gonna read one out you have to
tell me what it is if you get it right
you get a point now the leaderboard is
currently jayjay at the top and 13 calyx
Ethan and Josh on 12
Vic on 10 mr. will any unknown okay so
I'm aiming for 7 use the right eye to
wink okay like this number one are you
ready always ready coming this early
makes me feel I have fucking to this
YouTube you're going quick what about
we're going for a four-minute video how
many time out you're going YouTube yeah
yes if anime characters watched porn of
us would that be the equivalent of us
watching Hancock I'm gonna say that's
pawn you think that's porn yes perfectly
it's cuz I'm thinking if that's not the
pawn comment that's because they see it
on the side and a lot Oh hence I love
about that no I'm just me all right
let's see myself up Southwest Airlines
is incredibly mediocre but god damn it
they have the best peanuts Southwest air
that's very random you know I just feel
like a dolphin
none of these random porn it's porn it's
gone another pool because you sit there
thinking oh this is a Southwest plane
you are correct three out of three he's
up for the perfect start nothing gets me
harder than a woman I reckon like and
this is a maybe
I reckon it sees someone cleaning in the
back of your videos is about and I don't
know I don't know I don't know it was
going down
Oh nobody say this sexist pic did you
that was one of the obvious ones and I
kind of tried to play it smart and I
look like Cupid my snake is bigger XD
has it been snakes in your videos oh
it's all these hands up as if he knows
like you relax boy you got like 9 like
hey are you sure
it's here - are you sure yes it's
correct yes yes 4 out of 5
yes come on by doing this role my boys
at home I've got no boys at home I
wonder if Helen Keller was immune to
flash bangs YouTube you go for YouTube
that was from the account Tom the wank
engine misleading thumbnail yeah I was
gonna say you're not very misleading
since you became a reaction channel just
trying to think of what clickbait you've
actually done this movie thumbnail okay
so I'm just gonna say that's you Paul
everyone I wish a period was as simple
as that what was simple he knows I told
you though I don't well it many things
in my not saying you want to win the
competition that proves that you were
you know how hard I've been working they
bang on the period though I'm gonna say
it's pause they're not far away I'm
sorry that was YouTube how is that
youtube comment going on vacation Friday
anyone down to watch my Tamagotchi while
I'm gone war just what you thinking
can't get weirder and crazier
really good that's right I need to get
this right I didn't see us right back on
track Tamagotchis they're quite all poor
Nadia's bit older YouTube audience Liang
I think it spawned for the time we've
got Jay Paul's poor euro-6 out of no
idea that money is pawn his majestic
pubic hair it was majestic plays it goes
as porn that's porn on my video
apparently the fans are getting maybe
that was some will Andy's not safe or
YouTube from last week you sure you
don't not a beer just light circuit no I
just want to see the comment this made
more than my color stay poppin and the
comment no way is that pause this made
more than my collar stay poppin about
the penis fuck off my high score is 38
bitches yeah yeah it could be a gaming
video but what they were playing Sonic
or some shit in a porno YouTube
especially guys seven out of 12 idiot
only has two bracelets on his right
wrist
everyone knows you need at least four to
be taken seriously you don't wear
bracelets no no no no no no you can't
look but you'll find out was just
reading what Jay said you know any your
wireless I'm sorry
small penis gang represented they don't
make porno the small penises yes they do
career opportunity but a legal rule
that's the rule if you can imagine it
there's porn of it it's a part of wills
squad there will be a square head person
someone make that play what are you
gonna say let me say YouTube it out a
whole thing I'm loving life I love I'm
I'm achieving something in life I
thought he had a tiny dick
then I thought does he even have one
pawn Kanna shaking his head behind the
camera that oh please comment like what
MVP brackets massive vanilla penis pause
just me it's pause why is it porn it's
porn
it is I'm gonna eat my nuts and play
with my bad joke YouTube laughing emoji
clapping emoji YouTube YouTube YouTube
YouTube I told you I already said
YouTube did they do you can do a motion
it just I know if you're my doctor
I'm always sick XP I can see this
charming mentor has only I went with
cons help as well comas helping me he
doesn't know he doesn't know them no con
doesn't know he was serving oh no I
can't be Jenny but I can still draw I
still get a joint second very strong and
stable tips pause no remember I do have
guests in my video guess who's in bangs
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go I'm gonna go
with YouTube and it's gonna be one of
those bigs versus banks I don't mind it
I don't mind I can come third I've taken
the W from will and now you're ill that
sounds like a rapper's name its illa
knee and I've got a small Willy Billy
snake I had just discovered your channel
and I think I'm in love with these that
can't be a porn channel by those I don't
know if the ready I don't have to raise
your final score for today that was the
last three I'm Elaine comment to throw
someone else so he ends on 10 he draws a
dick he beats well but he loses to JJ
cow Ethan and George Halas guys watch
too much porn anyways that is all for
today on not safety YouTube make sure
you check out chips channel in the
description subscribe boy over there
he's really funny unlike will so did you
actually subscribe to thank you thank
you else Watson leave like you enjoyed
and pretty moving now that the DJ there
don't
stemming away conky pop I see in the
face don't like music the hair for the
fame window my mom lost in the game no
sheet and call fundraising aim time I
know it means if energy in this thing
who is people's you said
