yo what's up guys and welcome back to
your ultimate team division 2 has begun
again I won the first game last episode
and I asked you guys who you want to buy
of 21 thousand coins top comment let's
be realistic
skroob Edna why did I just hit the
solute get either turbo Zig way in
Murata or the other one and then
auto-replies basically said to get tevis
from that but before we do that we have
a gold tiger and he is only 5000 coins
so there we go sorry but no you did well
last game but you're gone as I said
division 2 I need to get promoted this
time I'd spent too long there last time
- the first time I haven't got promoted
and it's not happening again
unless his team is really really good
which it's not that good so here well
he's got a plain red kit let's go whoop
Diego cost on a run
Diego cos turn around turns back whoop
boss hey ref come on whoop Oh season it
boom how does that miss division 2 is
actually a lot harder I didn't really
think it would be but is oh oh whoa ref
ref come on run run run run run Charlie
Charlie
what kind of rhombus that storage okay
now I need to go I need to go I need to
go playing through playing through and
you know what bank Oh surely Charlie
Charlie whatever oh shit shit storage
storage quick come here boy Gary Gary
another little oh no we're not having
mistakes again oh my days one chip
through balinese what there was a safe
oh my if they a VLAN Laurice when that
we're not we're not we're not mistake
mate Rudy go sit there we go just way
what an error to make come on I just
need that second old girl
all right I don't understand what you're
doing Louise aah play play again play
get run
Shirley where was your place there is
half-time I'm really one it one there
was enough but at the same time no sure
I can really be that happy with that
apparently I haven't had a strong tie to
be nice to a great game ei Oh Diego
Costa de Acosta Cesar Coogan go again go
again alright alright don't come back oh
my god the first surge of boat the boy
you're not good what the hell
thank you no no oh no pressures not gone
pressures not gone or is it is it let's
go run run run oh wow now how did you
get this many defenders back oh hello
hello little bit of space little bit of
space a little bit of space Oh why it's
going on on stove storage storage
storage right boom boom why not far post
guys Division two is way too tense I
don't like it anymore
I don't like divisions I don't want to
get relegated although if I can get
promoted that would be even better cuz
oh oh
are Diego Star whole see them sitting
near post bang
Willian is not this team is actually
fucking with me Paul Potts off all sides
of the other sides of the house that was
about there you go they go oh no that's
not going well it's all gone well but
it's turned out pass in Charlie stay
down you little Minj stay down don't get
back up did you pick you up no no no no
please please can I just win this game
right I'm worked hard I've worked hard
of this game please boss ref come on use
it if this one if this works just works
for him if this works you not know
there's no way no no no no no are you
serious dude okey the bed let's go kick
Shirley Shirley Shirley Shirley please
that's it that's the game that's the
game over that's Dave how was it give it
a pop but uh no no no no no no no no no
no no not today I am winning both games
today please
in both games today please remember
there we go we're winning both games no
it's a foul with a foul don't even
really jump but please just get rid due
to that Garrard bang blow the whistle
done it's done it's over I mean it was
deserved I deserve to win and I told you
guys I'm winning both games today game 2
we're playing a BPL team I assume by the
name and it is a ppl team and it's
pretty decent this is gonna be a tough
tough game run no no no no no no no no
no no chip chip that wasn't a chip there
you go there you go there you go there
you go Suns in furnace daheia is
actually insane basically he just
doesn't make any mistakes whoa whoa oh
my day is so change keep your arm
nothing has happened in this game
literally nothing stop
I don't know don't make me say nothing's
happened and then make something happen
to see one in every time the bull just
gets to the edge of the area and then
some
sugar why oh man no I can't be having
that that is just ridiculous
so what playthrough why is that Wayne
why are you so shit Wayne did you see
the amount of baby don't go
sorry no why I don't understand how he
always had someone back look look at
that look at please no wait wait
there you go there you go that's a good
ball to help it's a halftime and it's
right is exactly the other way around
whose last game go go
shoot Doug wait wait wait this very good
book but the Bible the shiny probably
lie actually my losses
they just Ramirez I just spoke showing
it what my hand oh wait Shirley Shirley
Shirley Touche Shirley Shirley that is a
shock you pass oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god company with the
blue ball
oh my back I beg you quit I literally
hands together on my knees beg you quit
thinking farside see them seen him do
goose' loves it wait wait one turns in
flicks it turns diego guitar corner
since rowan the 89th minute and i am
living on the edge and living on a
prayer livin on a prayer no no no just
just keep the ball as long as i keep the
hook this is all i need to do that's all
I need to do let's just keep the ball no
I've lost the ball I've lost the ball
why am i why they lost the book no no no
no no no there we go
blow the whistle blow blow the whistle
blow the frickin whistle that's it I
must have done it I must have done it
what's he gonna do listen listen that's
it done that is a big big day in
Ultimate Team to our to Windsor she's on
19.9 more points and I get promoted days
three wins out the last seven games you
guys need to let me know who you want me
to buy our 18,000 coins
that's all they pay for watching soup
wow it's coming up to the 46th minute
he's gone oh my god he's gonna cross and
some what oh no that's not a good throw
that is it terrible oh yes yes
- no that's halftime and I'm - no down
no I don't even feel like I deserve to
be Oh Gary Barry
how does he say please Gary Barry you
should have scored there that make up
for it with a good corner you
