what's up guys and welcome back to
another top skit video I have played Cal
freezy and I have played Ethan so far
now today I'm playing zoko or Josh doing
the same thing we open the BPL jumbo
pack on here which looks like this you
don't know what tops kick is already I
have explained it in the previous two
videos basically it's like fancy
football mixed in with the old panini I
still don't know if that's right so you
over the Pyke's you get the players and
then they have things like this way it
kind of shows you what their multiplier
is for fantasy football just for this we
don't really need the multiplier because
we're gonna be opening one pack from
that pack we build a team on FIFA and
then we play head to head Josh do the
same thing you can check it out I'm
gonna open this pack now and yeah
hopefully I get someone good I could
like I literally might not even get a
goalie right here we go we got a pack
adverse player cuadrado is decent that
thing on the right is the multipliers I
said spot for this it doesn't actually
matter
oh yeah hazard that's not rare at all
like the zero multiplier and that's it
for FIFA right soku Gerardo is sick
don't know who you are I guess us there
Phil Jones you've got a centre-back
Johnstone's I need a goalie though Ryan
Shaw cross temple a Johnny Evans okay
I'm getting I'm getting a lot of
defenders and Melman this is a shocking
team no no I need a goalie and I need
some attackers I need a goalie give me
goalie oh thank you so now we build the
team of FIFA and see how it looks so
that's the team and I have kind of
adjusted a few players just to get the
chemistry up a little bit I mean Conrado
was a right winger Barry was more of a
CDM and Berkeley was a Campbell is still
decent no great teams no bad thing my
main hope is that he didn't get a
goalkeeper because even in never
goalkeeper and I shattered
bless find out Celeste see your team
Joshua B step oh my god that's a really
good team he's got pace he's got
strength he's got everything
naked righto corrado just run just run
just run make visible
okay that was a shocking ball but he's
still got it he's still got it yeah ah
there's the bone
no no no no no no no no no no what was
that save Joe Joe what the hell are you
doing how does he get that and then why
don't you just look at look at him you
saw that in actually stood there like a
frickin pineapple right run run run run
run run who got out ran you saw that oh
my god oh my god do not just run do not
run do not just use it are you paste it
using little bitch oh my god am I gonna
get rid of guru hello hello hello hello
you just flat face you saved that I
heard rumors that minyul a has the
flattest face in the world I've got a
hard to days but we saved it with this
fucking flat face again we do you do
good you are dog that's all thought I
was in poison do it was in give the
chance to make a name for yourself
Gary berries you already have a
ridiculous name can he make it a note
those wow this is coming up to the four
inches minute he's gone for oh my god he
comes across bad - what
oh no that's not a good throw that is a
terrible oh yeah
- no that's halftime and I'm - no down
no I don't even feel like I deserved Oh
Gary Barry
how does he say these scary Barry you
should have scored there that make up
for it with a good corner are you really
Ron Berkeley broke my back just there's
one turn the gum we're paid off think
that in your sweaty st - I didn't touch
the bull though that was like x-files
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no how is he even getting this chance
I don't understand
bro I go oh come on no no there's
absolutely no way you could do that look
the amount he get how does he get away
with so much
go go go for a play play you know what
just buy one because I'll do they'll do
get across it burn oh that was a cross
by the way not sure Gary Barry just get
a good ball in that's possible a
vertical just straight in there you're
straight in there you see him running
you see you oh oh oh shit off Wolcott
jenoff Wolcott that's the goal that's
the Ellison oh he's heading in the wrong
way mate he's ending it the wrong way
get rid of it Barkley Barkley where's
your piece where's your play son you're
gonna get zabaleta he's like a 40 year
old man good move there you go do you
got I don't care that he's not really
alone but you got shot you got chance
and I'll take it I'll take it
no please no that's it that's it that's
game that's game over yeah there it is
there it is I moved I moved to nah nah
I've done so well I thought so well I'm
on ultra attacking I'm gonna all-out
attack in fact I pass it one more one
more one more
hey Josh go go go go go
don't pass no not your pagan to your
pagans if you dare you're actually doing
that Jos iMac I'm actually disappointed
in you like I expected nothing from you
but I'm even more disappointed in you
know I don't I don't know I've lost that
I actually don't know how I lost for
some reason I just couldn't get shots
on-target yeah a lot of sweaty players I
don't wanna make that an excuse okay but
you saw the team that's all for today be
sure to take just out in the description
so at least you know one thing about my
packs they're definitely not fake
because I haven't got bad
rubbin that was the first time to say
that that was fake I could promise you
that this is not vague okay look sick
sick look first owner yeah you see that
right right left left left right right
left I promise you this is a fake and
why would I fake it Robin no what
