right what is up guys and welcome to a
pack opening now I have been looking at
these 25k packs so long trying to think
what can I do the differ to normal pack
open because I've done quite a few
everyone's doing pack openings and it
just seems like no matter what you do
now it's just the same as everyone so I
thought back to the video I saw on Toby
is Ayana which I'll leave a link to in
the description where he's basically
tried to raise awareness or a family
whose mom has breast cancer and they're
trying to raise money at the moment
before treatment for it I basically
thought I have a chance here to do the
same as well so I'm going to be opening
all 20 25,000 coin packs every time the
player that flashes up is an 83 or
higher I'm going to be donating 50
pounds to this and the whole concept
behind this is cancer is pants so
they've taken pictures with pants on the
heads I've taken one before as well so
every time as well I donate I'm gonna be
putting another pair of pants on my head
so without further ado it's time to open
these 20 packs so first pack and the
first pair of pants we're going to go
with are just a plain black / 81 so yeah
shocking pack but er yeah that's one
already this is the strangest thing I've
ever done in my life
alright pack - okay there's there's some
good team of weeks out right now by the
way let's not just like forget about
that there is a record breaker in outer
okay 83 so that means I don't have to
put another pair of pants on my head
before I carry on by the way this is the
team of the week there's a record
breaker Ronaldo there is an in-form
Suarez inform dani Ã¡lvarez inform diego
and my pants are slipping down my face
ah 381 another pair of pants and I know
I need I want to donate and everything
but sure what good players all right so
we got some stripey passes
I'm giving you guys like an insight to
my pants and then oh why next pack and I
get oh my these packs are shocking yeah
for the the blue top man pants I don't
know if I'm gonna be able to get all of
these pants on my head but so far I have
open four packs and I've only got one
pair over 80 through again another pack
without an eight-year three rated player
I honestly don't know if I have enough
pairs of pants with me there we go next
pair of pants so yeah that's some 220
pounds so far they three right leg away
absolutely shocking if it's gonna be
above eighty three rating might as well
be like a record breaker and out up next
pack Egwene on the front and inside
wheel 78 okay wait Townsend is worse the
fit isn't it
mine is actually starting to press in on
my head quite a lot right now do you
know there's a world record for this do
you think there's a world record for the
amount of pairs of pants you can fit on
your head these ones are really listen
these players are shocking he doesn't
even play there anymore
I'm guessing that all these comments are
just gonna be about my pants so so far I
have had two players eighty-three raid I
haven't had any oh my god I'm not
complaining about donating by the way I
am complaining about the fact that EA
are just taking this money and flushing
it down the toilet
they're wiping their arses with my money
and I genuinely am running out of pants
as well I've got this many pairs of
pants away and I this is the tenth pack
so I'm only half way right now and I
haven't got anyone good I got a guy who
looks like an egg cheese we're moving on
to the Christmas pants these ones
they've got some like reindeers and
stuff right so 10 packs down that tend
to go and yeah I'm into a single inform
as 82 raid player
I'm just not again anyone good fake
Torrez my art my visions time to go a
bit blurry
bit tight okay next pair of pants odd
though my head is getting bigger and
bigger no I mean it packs remaining and
you know what I'm just gonna skip that
one
Doyle Fangoria and Leno pack number a
dressy Pepe and Khedira first pack I've
got someone over 83 rated right seven
packs from 87 is my lucky number okay so
this one is going to be was good Tim
Howard with Josh agates a pack safe pack
pedo - if Toby and JJ had like a baby
that got punched in the face that's why
I feel like fioating looks like gay I'm
on my last pair of pants I'm gonna have
to go get some more after this what we
have six packs left so the most amount I
can put on here now is six more which I
feel like I'm gonna end up putting a lot
oh my god another pair of pants we are
back to black
there we go back to black and this is
genuinely getting really tight on my
head
please hazard can I get at least one
inform come on
see if he put pants on his head they
would just slide right down because he
is the thinnest head I've ever seen at
least you know one thing about my packs
they're definitely not fake because I
haven't got rubbing that was the first
time to say that that was fake I could
promise you that this is not vague okay
look take a seat look first owner yeah
you see that right right left left left
right right left I promise you this is a
fake and why would I fake it Robin no
I'll take him over most informs we've
got three packs left I'm pretty certain
I've got about 12 or 13 pairs of pants
on my head let's just see how many more
I get messy on the pack my eyes are
being stretched and Danny please two
plates left hurry up just get them off
me now my head is being killed right now
how are you clap or take one part left
that's the last pair of hands upon I
have one pair of pants left in my entire
wardrobe so this is lucky that this
philosopher and I have to put them on
okay there is the final pair up oh my
god that is all of the packs done now I
need to see how many pairs of pants I
have on my hair
Oh oh my god my hair can breathe for
the--
15 16 16 pairs of pants rub my head the
EA gods have spoken is 800 pounds and
I'm not showing you this because I'm
trying to look like a good guy I'm
showing you this because there are those
people that I cook a lot
oh he's doing this he's not even
donating so here is my donation it means
a lot of you guys to go check out our
and mean the world to them if you could
go and donate the link is in the
description so be sure to check it out
and yeah that's today hey you asked for
watching see ya a few inches later
well shit hey probably he's shit though
so well oh shit I had put 2025 k-pax and
I found the night I got rubba nice it
but I open like 10 7 and after night I
get Owen that's the proof it's real then
I also get this guy Ali and admittedly
he is pretty shit but he's still a
purple car anyway now I am actually good
thanks watching
suit first game let's go where we going
whoa I was done cheap ass evening oh ok
I've forgotten the controls oh my god oh
my days go Ethan look at her face look
at her face look at leas chipping I
think oh oh just bit soldier difficulty
ain't a thing yes Ethan yes JJ picks up
the ball he turns it shoot
