hey how dare you just one division 3 I'm
moving into the vision look at that I
mean 2 losses too good but they're
pretty well but Division two and I said
I'm gonna up the difficulty as well five
games today
first up Caracas not gonna lie honestly
thought this was a cracker then I
realized it's a maraca first game let's
go where we going whoa whoa awesome
don't you pass even oh okay I've
forgotten the controls oh my god oh my
days go Ethan look at her face look at
her face look at leas chip in I think Oh
balls just fit soldier difficulty ain't
a thing yes Ethan yes JJ picks up the
ball he turns it shoot oh hey little
flip J do a lil shit shit no no no go go
go go go go gorgeous
CJ general you see him in there Sam in
the day Jake doesn't win it but okay
know why therefore if he's white up mmm
makes like a big toggle mix oh my god is
on Toby come on man I have like 20
seconds left
all I have to do is hold on to the ball
please I've literally lost the ball no
no no hurry it's not over not over
Natalie yeah Nick
Oh
don√≠t he's won the first game against
Caracas but based on the fact I've never
heard of them means they're probably not
the best in the league and I only just
want fourth place looking good
Sofia it's Sofia that's a girl's name so
what you want to use I'm guessing that
Sofia
but in they look like a girl Ethan even
look at his face
chips in thick oh come on Vick don't get
caught up a book
Oh No and chips in Josh bangs it's or
bang JGF you were here right now I will
kiss you
yo considering I've up the difficulty
this isn't actually that difficult um
Sofia Bank that's how we do that's how
we do jay-z with the pace jay-z with the
place choose it with the pace come on
ginger yes chip it ah Vic
Bono's Andrew and Jeff and rate on draw
hurry Toby gray safe oh my days I must
must go down with a head up he's won
another game
you
what fuck is everyone I definitely need
Toby more this season than last season
top udderly
nananana choppin early ok wait I'll in
second place I might not be a system get
to oh no no no listen
you beautiful I don't want a Sparkie
this is to tie this game I don't like
this game this I don't like I want to
just win I like winning please can i oh
good good Josh go back oh my oh my god
oh my god oh my oh my god
43 seconds go Ethan Ethan you have so
much speed our judges in their jerseys
in JJ oh come on let's see one more goal
run off Harry with the Harry with the
dribble
JJ you have a second chance and you
score that one yeah I dunno why but I
care about this so much more than I care
about any other game Julie I'm sorry
I've done it it's done it - Neil against
the league leave second place I guess I
was the league leaders it's going well
it's going - I think I'm gonna fuck up
against tonight one of these lowers like
a boot who the hell is taboo well for
now we got Lima and they got their own
Josh
Oh sugar Toby Toby you don't do much oh
they're really good they are really
really good
Ted I understand they're not they're not
second place they're not even last like
this isn't even a mock up they're just
really really good but for some reason
my players have decided to be retards
like why can't I score one of these
thick nah there's too many
there's too many frickin misses I asset
that's it
that's that's the game over that's the
game over how have I lost to Neal please
please can I score one now I score with
eight seconds left
there's no way please neither
time-wasting the actually time work
Daniel II my first loss of the division
I can't say I'm not disappointed which
means I'm now down to second and Lima
which is beat me are so close maracas
have taken the lead again I got one game
left in this episode is against Chuck oh
yeah well who are these places no no no
no no there's so good as well JJ JJ gets
the boy chips in Vic you're the matter
Kund off slow build up slow build up so
JJ can get across in please Josh wait
wait sing fit fit get get the gimbal Vic
Vic pass it okay and then tip it in Josh
that's your time Josh thank you
I'm I have to take a drawer in this game
unless he fucks up now and less and less
and less and less and less and less
pickle amazing thing is Josh I love you
and I what happened that and I what
happened and a why I said I love you
Josh five seconds left on the clock
please just get rid that's it two one
done done it's done that's a big big win
which means after the first episode and
first five games I am joint first on
points goal difference is actually the
same but he's scored more goals so you
know I'm pretty soon I can get in the
top eight for this next time I'm gonna
play New York that's all for today on
SFG soccer
hopefully you guys are still enjoying
the series if you are let me know it'll
like thank you guys for watching
soo and we are playing power Ranchettes
oh my god I have played good teams but
that that may be one of the best what
the hell man how I'm gonna beat this
theme like oh my god oh my god oh my god
get outside no no oh a big touch he's
literally just gonna no you're not no
you're not no no no no no no
