sick hey free pack sick another free
plastic top comment sick finally a good
suggestion but I can't do that because I
have enough coins I can't believe I'm
actually doing this but the top comment
was to get him so I have to do it
luckily today I'm using the BPL team but
I have two games left I need one point
and if I don't get a point
I am relegated so this is a big episode
because staying in divisions who's not
that man I haven't actually stayed in
the division gang relegated would be
disastrous and we are playing power
Ranchettes
oh my god I have played good teams but
that that may be one of the best what
the hell man how am I gonna beat this
kind of team like oh my god oh my god oh
my god get outside
no no Oh a big touch he's literally just
gonna no you're not no you're not no no
no no no na na na what the love what now
is how we get through that oh my days
have a dick thank you lord of these
please can I get a go I need a point
actually I don't even need a goal I just
need to point please let's P wait wait
reverse it yes how the hell am i beating
a team oh okay um maybe oh wow
oh stop it yes company get rid of that
no no no no no no we're not having a
mess up again okay this is the last
chance of the half last shuttle are and
Shirley has it Shirley just keep running
just keep running go go Oh Oh solve it
foul
phat ref it's halftime and I'm winning
I'm not sure I deserve to be but I am
oh no no no no no no actually no we're
certainly press a and then press
something else and I ended up fake
dammit that was a goal please please oh
just Diego that should be enough to just
secure my place in this division oh no I
don't know what just happened somehow
he's got a penalty and he has juice I
was meant to stay in this division I was
meant to stay in this division I will
fight for my place stop this
I know I know where you're going you do
the same thing every time didn't know oh
my god oh my god it worked
oh my god it worked Oh
but how where is he - Scott how was he
oh why is momentum this strong in this
game it's ridiculous
look right right wait wait wait wait
rep go oh okay I'll take it please the
space out wide as Phoenix wetter turns
in trans back out I I don't know what
I'm doing anymore wait oh my father oh
no no what a challenge that's a how how
is he still gonna put oh no Yaya Tory's
not gonna miss him a three or and it is
the 89th minute I just need one point
surely I have done it surely that's it
that's it we've got it okay we managed
to stay in Division two thank God thank
God seven thousand coins we get for that
next time lads next time and then next
time is now but for some reason I'm
playing with the Italian team of benders
up front for me this this is stupid guys
why am I doing this watch him have some
incredible team and he does her he has a
ridiculous Bundesliga team thanks guys
thanks I will take it back however I've
bent the scores but considering where
he's standing on the edge of the area
for a striker I I don't think he's gonna
score today this is incredible this is
incredible this is a wire but I just
know please know you're like the best
player on my team I don't know why I
keep doing too much I just need to shoot
vini oh come on man come on you got a
lot of work to do here you got a lot of
work but but there's the cutback there's
the cut back door what am I surprised
that he's not scoring then he gets a
child's voice and what's he gonna do on
my part
yeah where we gonna play bednar burn up
but no why am i doing this why am I
taking it with better I'm an idiot but I
want better to school please Oh season
in their season in there and then he
gets across the art Brendon you
literally galloped past have halftime
I'm winning which
it's good for division too but we need
to win the entire game not just one half
so run a Papa run a bar both here and
draw people all day and then get the low
cross where there's no one there and
then possibly back and then I don't know
what I'm doing anymore but no give me a
second goal
that was incredible that was actually
insane that well that was so nice
oh where we going there we go good side
no that was easiest big tavini oh you
know what benders actually all right
he's not great but he doesn't do that
much wrong look okay maybe he does okay
but they take out each other so uh I'd
prefer bet never no come on come on toss
it let's go close ooh oh my god oh my
god this is the width let's do it Oh No
six minutes left and if I win this game
I'm off to a great stylist division but
I don't think that's gonna happen
no no no no you're mad you mad you see
that not alive forgot it was to one but
I would really appreciate a whistle
right about now please I have a whistle
okay that'll do that's that's not the
kind of whistle about but it'll do it'll
do a barber play pass possible more
possible more no no no no no no he's
done it he's done it that's the first
win of the division lads first win in
the division we need six wins to get the
title five wins to get the promotion and
then we are into the dish of one and I
from it actually I'm knocking upon the
cells gonna say I promise to get promote
this at this time but I'm gonna lie I
don't know if I can that's all for today
I have 21,000 coins let me know who you
want to buy the most like or with one I
choose pay for watch it soup I was
closing my eyes I wish this out I can
see who up okay okay oh he made
it
no that's a scary noise well it stopped
my ears hurt it's a really scary noise
it stopped right yeah it's alright
what's your top right now if you made
the noise you can read out I'll stop
right no okay
start to the 700 it
