right guys are what's up I'll welcome
back to the discard pack challenge with
me and Josh that way I think I don't
know it I never run by neither do I but
I don't really carry a you know or are
you if you don't know how this works
it's basically like Top Trumps so we're
going to pick the stat beforehand both
going to open one of the packs and who
has the highest one gets to keep their
pack but if you have the lowest one you
have to discard if I have light as
strike I choose shooting and Josh as a
defender obviously my player will win he
has to Scott the pack no matter who his
defender is and you have to use the
player that flashes up so Josh are you
ready for the first pack I am ready for
the first pack mega pack time you said
you were ready I'm ready I'm ready
the first party items they could be
terrible eighteen rare choices okay pick
a star
what are we going let's go to first one
quits fair the first top left one okay
they're not bad I mean you can decide
because it's your channel that's making
weird noises on you 88 oh shit
okay 78 if Bob Levesque see what oh no
oh my god I had a mic on I've I could
depend in what is it I got sent it's
it's pending have you got 34 oh my god
my heart my butt do we not even pick
what I don't know alright I go keep mine
and Josh has to discard on this
discarded is gone by buyers okay so the
next one we're gonna choose beforehand
okay Josh goes first
but we're choosing the stack to the
right of pace go Open Sesame
right top right look at the top right in
a way is what mine didn't open but that
was stopped right boom you've got yours
right yeah I forgot he lost oh hang on
who flashed up it was this one okay oh
there you go he flashed up it's
dribbling by the way see no good mine
was a goalkeeper wow we didn't think
about this do we just stick with it
anyway I guess so I mean nothing else to
do like I hope I haven't lost my haven't
lost it myself air 82 dribbling oh hey
Amy at me hey
Oh golly leave me i discarded my back
again but who's going it's fine I'll say
goodbye she's back happily it's fine
there's no one here the sparkly keeping
okay so the next day's shooting or the
one just below pace okay so if you have
any middle
yeah if you have a goal key for that
couch Oh someone good let you been good
packs ready I want some good parts give
me some good packs better phone oh hey
my shooting is from roll call I could be
82-72
ha ha ha why am i packs co-ed lalana I
like the Lana that is a three nil today
go this one is the middle right okay all
right wait it's everywhere vending
Brendon Brendon fender is the vending
add oh wow Oh that'll do can you say
yours I'd rather not say mine 84 what
yeah 84 I play that pop-top was a sense
of that well mine was a left-winger so
we know we're ready for a deal all right
it's the whitewash so far loving life
for me I want to win one not even one
bottom left what is this oh not
goalkeeper bollocks where you've been
again isn't it I you in doing your
little cheating tactics oh you said it
no no no this off-camera okay bottom
left yep
83 74 Oh in one worth keeping that no
why do I get a patent so does not work
keeping bond right time so what we
headed in ouch
we are doing hedges who's gonna be the
Expo ahead full Oh Mike I've got Gothic
on where'd you get heading from ah I
mean I play this game a lot you see
silence oh I know these stats in out I
think your games says that my games have
head in well I've lost ok realism all
and I have Wesley Sneijder oh he's very
physical guy is come on 6378 finished in
two steps
ah that means I got discards as tagging
is to keep all these witnesses Miranda
here we go oh shit
today was okay I was in a rush man sorry
right then what's your face 76 pace 73 I
hear the combat is on that come out and
storage what's gone by I get to keep
fucking Lee keun-ho
right so Josh I'm winning by one pack
are you ready to over the next year I
came back
II creon everyone got we go of color and
is the top right stat so I'm a good
dream please this this is what's close
my eyes are I think this out like them
people fucked up okay okay oh he made it
no that's a scary noise well what
stopped my ears hurt it's a really scary
noise it stopped right yeah it's alright
what's your top right now you made the
noise you can read out your top right no
okay starts for 700 fuck listen area 7
notice now don't even finish I don't
want to even know that I don't know the
second one is the 77 dribble oh come on
Michael I want to know where your screen
is what does it say come on who is it
so Campbell legend so come on that means
fucking gone ah which means it's now oh
I got to keep informed of everything why
don't you just got solo come on I guess
you Andy Carroll
that's what oh oh yay Andy Carroll no
handle come on
alright this to win three two one go
this one this is for oh it's the wind
this side you have just won four in a
row 5 no mate have five in a row middle
left yeah yeah yeah I uh I goalkeeper I
have no idea who messed up okay Josh
yeah you left it's the way I have no one
in this pack worth keeping
so how do you like fruit I am doing this
purely for pride and to get back at you
okay you can be discarded legend
okay read Alex on the spot middle left
yep is
1881 ah this one and 75 this one us say
1 May 1 the Scarlet legends so I don't
care I don't care Joshi give me you
don't care I know you care I know
oh you don't even yours I keep mine no
but I really want to keep like garden no
one I got no goddess just got it now but
your backpack stupid how you getting in
from the mercy and the legend that is
all for today on this god
hats run do this again sometime they
like no no but we're also going to be
doing a guess who people on josh's
channel which you can check out in the
description thank you guys for watching
and see you I miss the button I press
the wrong button guys get rid get rid of
that get rid get rid back well all my
days go go go go bump ah seeing the
space in the vajayjay to bicycle kick
and it's to nil changes away JJ's away
he's season in there I'm going for a
bicycle kicks today last chance last
chance of JJ to make a name on it
6 seconds
