I'm bad another reaction video I'm sorry
I'm sorry okay but it's been a while and
there's more beef ksi buses net nobody
net nobody is skydoesminecraft okay he
somehow got involved in this beef and
dis JJ how much wood could a woodchuck
wife what the fuck Jamie I said he was
gonna reply and he has he has made a
song called Adam's apple and he's
featuring Alisa but I know people love
reaction videos so I'm doing that yeah I
know some of you hate them but you know
what just don't watch this video then no
click off now actually let it play just
let it play till the end alright here we
go 2 minutes 45 of ginger going in
what's funny you just started the video
I mean I am hence why I'm reacting to it
and I also have my Red Bull
JJ finds weird things attractive the
first time he touched his neck and he
made that weird face this time he's
rubbing against the wall and he's
getting really turned on
directed by Constantine American people
aren't gonna understand this had your ex
all in my dear that's not good Adam his
ex I don't know fiance is just come on
said he shit his bed I mean nobody's dis
track on JJ was kinda it was a really
good song I'm not gonna lie I did like
the song didn't really discharge a that
he's 55 seconds in and he's I feel like
he's thrown more shade than Adam did why
is he a baby
got a lot of information on the screen I
don't think this guy has anything on JJ
apart from what is publicly known what
this is sick wait I'm ignoring the
lyrics right now
this is sick look at that funny they got
corners no no I want to clear this up I
knew JJ was filming a music video I knew
who a lessor was and I knew it said
featuring didn't know she was it I mean
one JJ is enough for me I'm just saying
I don't want more of him but that's it
especially the way they all start
rapping look he's rapping and now he's
rap but always stop them okay so the
only way to shut JJ up is to rap okay
I'll know that for future Oh
well all I'm saying right is two minutes
in and in that 17 seconds I just watched
or whatever he's fat more lyrics than
dead g-spot in both of his districts
combined there's still 40 seconds in
stuff how's he gonna get his baby mama
to feed him grapes in the park it's over
it's over it's over it's over it's over
there ain't but there's no there's no
coming back from it like you can you
know if he just oh all I'm saying is
that one shot there wins jjv Harry Harry
vjj you know that's just straight away
like oh you know you're this you're this
you're this you're this you get
someone's baby mama in it to win it it's
a straight win JJ is just one I mean
it's just a sick track in general wait
wait wait wait wait wait he's had four
diss tracks little boy earthquake two
birds one stone Adam's apple and then
I've heard Medusa new but that's not
going on there this is probably I'd say
equal with two birds one stone
I'm gonna put them two up there and then
earthquake broken someone else just dis
JJ so he does another diss track because
these these music videos and these songs
are actually sick but I say if it's a
day I'm not sure if they help you
anymore reaction videos because I don't
know if there's any more diss tracks but
yeah thanks for watching
oops
