why why does this keep happening now I
know you're gonna do it just to annoy me
the top coming I can see I know I've
done this like quite soon after my last
one basically I'm away right now or I
will be depending on when I post this
basically I'm getting ahead on videos so
I've had to do this quite soon so maybe
that's why I doesn't have somebody like
Wayne Rooney at cam and get storage I
would have had some why in fact I still
got him so yeah so I had spent like you
know like 6 7 K getting Stryker to CF
the cam cards but now Rooney's there
that's the BPL team I still have 10,000
coins you guys need to let me know who
to get the most like come up with one I
choose remember so be sure to like each
other's comment so just go write it
yourself so now I'm playing in Division
two and I could either screw myself over
here or you know give myself some hope
there's only one way to find out let's
go oh one and A two and A three and
here's a good to ask my team basically
one two three four five six six or seven
players of those I have them ease no
excuses this game if I lose fair enough
unless there's the a bullshit god
storage storage the new boy storage the
new boy stuff um
what the hell what the hell what the
hell nah no oh you tried sweating oh god
Charlie boom what the fuck is that
that's straight out I know I know he's
your teammate where doesn't mean you
have to cook in not school okay big one
one it's a great
Oh Debussy oh hey oh my days what how is
he got such a Garmin that was a terrible
finish no it's here Simon no excuses
that was a good goal mate keep it up
after what every play though mate come
on girlfriend - no no no go go go Oh My
yes
okay go go go go go go go go go please
please storage his storage can do it no
no no no no I'm not even say it I'm not
saying it no excuses all I'm saying is
his stones scored a harder shot fuck
fuck fuck off like what don't know I'm
gonna get relegated this right frigging
can't win a game in this division
I've won like two whopping sick halftime
and is like so even in stats I'm not
making any excuses I'm simply stating a
fact
you know what lads this division - we
are so close to the top of that mountain
we can do this we just need frickin like
okay four wins that's quite a lot but we
can do this oh my days
oh my days oh my depth no no no no words
no words right now you know what I'm
nothing to lose this go Ultra attacking
please please no go juggle please please
whoa what why is it what's wrong now oh
my gosh oh my god storage
if there's karma I will score this
corner live that's goner
there is karma please Ramirez oh why
can't you shoot chippers up a bang
now this game's fake fuck fuck boom boom
bang white cry storage storage just get
a ball in bang
no there's nothing I don't I don't get
it I could have scored like six today I
just want to call some form of like pain
to this guy and he's just not doing
anything now now I told me but school
was about to say now our score didn't
even score that's the game now that I'm
allowed to make excuses now I have three
games left and I need four points if I
don't win this game next episode I can't
lose so I'm not using that BPL team
again I'm using the Italian team and I'm
gonna win magic machines
what were you going to bring me you're
going to bring me another BPL team
that's kind of similar it's pretty much
the exact same team now this a phase
blending in with the pitch trying to see
as players
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh Bobo just smack across
oh damn right stop the corner come on
stop this corner please Oh half the win
what the actual fuck story as some mad
you do on me you know oh my god oh my
god Rhett my damn chairs just pull it
off
please please please please no no no no
oh oh I'm finally getting a lot where am
I
yes I am that's not that's not even a
foul okay now you pass it and then a
barb oh yeah you think I'm going to
shoot and shoot from there I'm sure
that's that should probably should have
shot from the first one chip it in you
chip it in juvey neo chibi new user he
turns in he throws it again boom how do
you miss that
Oh bang wow that was a really terrible
terrible shot two-nil now like all kind
of came out of nowhere
apparently I've only had one shot on
target but you know what I'm just gonna
gonna accept it move on come on double
yeah there you go there you go
this is this a bar bo sees the new one
in there oh don't gather go how is that
fat how would why is that always a fact
I know he's going into the shot but can
I stop it
no no what the Frick you could a little
walk to the dark no just get rid of that
why is it not what the frig are you
doing
stay out of my area just stay up water
for any leap son you go there you go
most ants right dad boom no I wonder
clean sheet I want
game go ahead blow you whistle now or
not okay there we go he's done it he's
actually won again which means
unfortunately I can't get promoted this
division which is the first time I think
in this whole series that's happened but
I still have to get one point out the
last two which just based on how I
played isn't unfathomable I can't say
that word you guys need to let me know
who you want me to buy I have eleven
thousand coins that will have like
another six or seven K after I finished
the division next episode that's all for
today thank you guys for watching sure
is that was actually Matt he's the son
Jason maybe I don't have this game under
lock as I thought I did right John JJ
come on come on
I'm clicking ah Josh bang OH
come on Ethan plays it - Vic plays it
boss
I'm fine yeah that was actually nice
football I didn't know that was possible
in this game Harry's on a run Harry's
are on that I felt very thorough JJ's
got the book
