hi there today we're reading a mini
mentor fanfiction and this one is one of
my favorites
Lily and Simon today we have a new
student with us mr. wells said almost
squiggly with his right arm pointing to
a girl Simon couldn't really see because
he was standing behind mr. wells as soon
as the scale step forward Simon's heart
dropped she was beautiful
Sam couldn't help but stare hi
I'm really she said quietly okay did he
go sinister Simon over there in the
spare seat Lily sat down in her seat and
turned her head to Simon who was writing
something in some paper and the next
thing she knew something bounced off her
cheek she opened up this scrunched up
piece of paper and read it so you come
here often
she looked at Simon again who was
wiggling his eyebrows at her jokingly
she laughed out loud uncontrollably and
slammed her left hand over her mouth and
that is how Lily met Simon minta come on
sy let's go to the canteen to get lunch
Lily said off to class while patting her
stomach yeah let's simon said while
rubbing his stomach they got that food
they went outside and were about to sit
down when ah
Simon are you okay Lily turned around to
see the funniest thing she had seen in a
long time Simon was standing there with
a startled look on his face and he had
his hot lunch all over his top far
Simon turned to his left and noticed a
teacher quite close to him judge fudge
Simon shows it furious
Lily starts laughing uncontrollable stop
Simon it hurts
she says grabbing hold of her stomach
you huh ir he replied once school ended
Simon and Lily went to the Seidman house
to play GTA Vick
Ethan Josh and Harry were already
playing when they walked in
twice the wheels twice the fasteners big
chanted happily no big oh my god
yo Josh's Vick bumped into his bike and
toppled him over everyone laughed at
Josh even like always was just laughing
then everyone noticed Simon and Lily
walk in everyone's jaws dropped as Lily
walked in the door she looked beautiful
Lily Simon has said so much about you
literally non-stop how he exclaimed
I can say the same thing to all of you
Lily said to be honest I think he has a
man crush on Ethan she giggled he won
Israel
Josh laughed a mine is real edia mine is
real yeah mine is real everyone else
started chanting and throwing things at
Ethan
hello its new Ethan was gay Harry chimed
in Ethan started sobbing and ran out of
the room into his bedroom Simon started
crying too and then ran after he's been
into his bedroom calling after him
Ethan wait I love you everyone looked at
each other really confused and surprised
and after a moment of waiting Simon
pizzas head back out of the door no one
come in here for a while having some
alone time and with that Simon winked
then locked the door Ethan giggled and
I'm at romantic music stop style playing
what the hell this is blue no this is
gross what the hell my MIDI for not like
that now you love weird
I'm listening to my books he gives me a
wicked grin the effects of which travel
all the way down there I really want to
make love to you please come to bed with
me right so hopefully you guys enjoyed
that animation it was from our ads and
perhaps you can check him out in the
description this video is actually
brought to you by audible who's an
audiobook service from Emerson which has
like over 150,000
books online if you don't want to bother
reading like I don't read you could tell
by that really if you want to check them
out they have loads of books from there
like 50 shades of grey as I said so if
you know you want to mind we'll move on
yeah basically if you're in the u.s. as
well you can use this URL and yeah you
get free month trial so be sure to check
that if you want to that's all the
debate thank you guys for watching this
very very random video but yeah that's
watching sure
