know what's going on guys we are back
playing some sfg socking a FIFA killer
itself I left you guys last time in
third position scam pretty well today
we're playing Accra one of the only
places I actually know in this league
now I played 10 games I'm pretty certain
there's 15 games so I got 5 games today
hopefully why I should pretty much be
playful well let's see come on but
munches Oh Prince a son I that guy's
hair is mad or victor boom oh my god
lately spin on his toes I got this
League guys I've got it it's it's unlock
right now this division Oh Josh oh oh my
god oh oh my god is that is actually
Matt use of the Sun okay so maybe I
don't have this game under lock as I
thought I did right John JJ come on come
on I'm flicking ah Josh Frank Ethan
plays it the Vic plays it pause a bang
yeah that was actually nice football I
didn't know that was possible in this
game Harry's on a run Harry's are on
that out that better third odo JJ's got
the book got the bow chips into Egypt
what the hell Josh you are completely
through you're completely through bang
oh okay so I figured out a new way to
school it's the sweat that's it done
James celebrate but munches go for and
munch the butts of Accra that's pretty
much secured the top a I mean 12 points
heads four games left oh well now we got
a league leaders Santiago this to put me
top of the division Gonzalo you are mine
greeny honest there's a reason they're
top of the league no no this team is
actually really
I need to go on if there's a time now
change it say 601 days go Josh go no
chicken come on used to what I used to
put up to me and Josh bang no no no no
no no no those games fake this game is
fake look at look at the time oh my god
oh my god it's 1/8 opposed twice in the
last Josh if you weren't asleep right
now that was my chance to go top man now
I'm playing fifth place and if I lose
that actually might go behind them right
we got your cargo I don't even know what
Chicago accent sounds like come on this
has to be a girl this has to be shipped
in he's chipped in both of you just
synchronize danced
but it's just us how some girls guys
leave she I don't understand why it's so
simple sometimes oh Oh
what is going I don't understand it's
like they're really good sometimes and
then they just decide like nah that's
too easy to school Bank Bank bank there
we go that's how easy it should be that
site it's me I mean I'm a bit in one of
these careers once done that lad that
has literally just meant that I am joint
top with two other teams and there are
two games left I don't think there's any
benefit of actually winning the league
but saying that I still want to Belgrade
here we go right Belgrade come on come
on let's go where we go where we got
pulled oh okay okay JJ keep going man
keep going where's the long ball to
seize the long ball Vic that's how easy
it should be Vic bang done seriously
this is actually ridiculous I'm not I'm
not gonna get the biggest win I've ever
got lads I don't actually know what
about you what's your finish I don't
think I've ever won five nil so one more
goal in the last 25 seconds and maybe
Vic Oh JJ no gone but we won so uh yeah
it's the one we're top and there is one
game left so if I win this game I
automatically win the league again don't
know if it means anything but I still
want to do it damn it and we got
Bucharest fourth place so they they are
playing for everything and nothing
realistically this is to win the title
come on Vick Vick now we're playing nice
football all about that nice football
today lads look at this look at it boom
how's the nice run from big oh by gosh
go just bang done that's what I want to
say too early but I'm feeling pretty
comfortable that one diam three nails
Simon has won the league on JJ bang done
finishing some point right now 15
seconds again to get out one goal come
on one more coal go get up get up get up
No please go go eight seconds eight
seconds Vic Vic this is your eyes never
with one Millie what a day for but
mantua's FC I just played five games
I've won the title I actually start to
do playoffs but as all full of pot
lunches today we will be back stronger
than ever much you more buts with a
possibly imagine this is weird now I'm
just gonna stop thanks for watching guys
and see you right let's build the team
so the team is done and we it actually
looks decent you know I've got every
single position I do have a left mid or
two strikers but you know I've put
Sanchez days gonna do pretty well I mean
we got sterling with two center backs
right back left back post a bit weak but
we got Lennon who's got pace you've got
two sentiments bar gasp it's a decent
team I mean my only other choices were
really Moses and Nolan now we play cow
hopefully he got absolutely
