what's up guys now I'm back doing the
tops kick challenge as you guys do you
wanted me to play and the top response
was cow frizzy so I spoke to cow and he
seemed up for it so we don't know how
this works I'm gonna be opening one pack
that looks like this and it has 23 cards
in I have to use those 23 cards to build
a team and I play against cow he's doing
the exact same thing you can check out
on his channel in the description you
don't know what tops gig is it's like an
old panini sticker book panini is that
the right word I know panini sticker
book mixed with fancy football yeah
player like this here's a bar on the
right and basically you can get hazard
and if he has no bars that's not
actually rare in the game but if you
have like five bars that means it's like
SuperDuper rare and then he will get
like a ridiculous amount of times per
points if he scores he won't just get
like one point of three points or
whatever it is
he will get like five times that that's
enough for that what we're just doing is
we're open to the pack and we're then
we're translating it onto FIFA to build
the team so here we go the BPO jumbo
pack we're gonna buy this one here we go
tops kick right okay Darren Fletcher so
you see that bar on the right that's how
rare they are but it doesn't really
matter in this Darren Fletcher
Fabian this is open this is not a good
team so far okay reading Sterling's
alright I don't even know who that guy
is oh oh
Sanchez but I need a goalie please can I
have a goalie okay that and that's a
good goalie as well right Wayne
Routledge Stephen corker Aaron I'm
getting some pace I'm gonna use this so
much can cha
bend me over what Bart of gas Joe Allen
another Sanchez run blah can make a
decent team Alice right let's build the
team so the team is done and we it
actually lives decent you know I've got
every single position I do have a left
mid or two strikers but you know I put
Sanchez days gonna do pretty well I mean
we got sterling with two center backs
right back left back opposed a bit weak
but we got Lennon who's got pace you got
two sentiments Vargas it's a decent team
I mean my only other choices were really
Moses and Nolan now we play cow
hopefully he got absolutely no hopefully
didn't even get goalkeeper but we'll
find out in three two that was a little
quicker than I thought but let's see is
to oh my days
okay II got every single position and
that's a good team as I he's got Bo
needs got hurt zulay and baby kale Tim
Howard is a decent team oh ha ha
but yeah it turns in no he doesn't you
think I did and then because this poor
one nail Sanchez I'm sorry to cross it
cow but no I want to win like good go go
go all the bass the boos don't boo Boop
that was shocking
come on Sanchez good ball in ready
there's the bull add the jump oh okay
he's got it but sterling still oh my
guys Oh sugar no what no no
what just happened look at the hell it's
actually hit the post hit Wow I just
don't know what to say
Oh sterling breath oh oh
Starlin come on give me a boom Allen Joe
Allen what the actual hell was that
this is some nice play this is some nice
Lacey's wait no oh my days
didn't see that guy okay hey if you let
another one in like that oh no - minute
corner
okay put the two older what older okay
run run run run run fuzzy halftime 45
minutes done one oh I'm sorry Cal I feel
like I deserve to be winning I mean you
didn't even score your goal I did oh oh
please
sterling sterling
rolling those so easy John please strike
, where's the comma wait no that's not
comma Oh season our space Alan Alan
remote I think Alan might actually have
the title of the most average player in
the world it seems like me and cower a
bit of a stalemate right now and I feel
like the next goal is potentially the
winner
I haven't scored a corner yes so it's
only right that's chords wait no there
you go there you go there you go there
you go oh oh thank God I would say
Sanchez is the savior of my team I don't
know why but this game just means so
much to me for some reason I think it's
cuz it's cow please please go quick oh
but that wasn't even a good attempt run
snarling run okay now you get a ball in
that's the bull Oh
Sanchez you ready for this you ready
eyes putting a bow on the light no I'm
not cow cow cow no boomer do is get rid
okay that's fine that's fine that's fine
that's no that's not fine that ain't
fine it ain't fine and if I get rid and
game look at your pace that's real good
for his face there's the no that's a
shocking go but I'm me
as if it's one it to once and me against
cow I think it was deserved based on the
stats if you guys want me to take on
another youtuber at this top stick
challenge let me know in the comments
and let me know who you want me to take
on as well that's all for today be sure
to check out Cal freeze if you don't
know who he is but I'm sure you do
already he's in the description that's
all the day thank you for watching and
shoot oh my god oh no but you sear it
all it's fun person isn't it he's got a
sick left foot Division two is by far
the hardest addition I played it and I
know you're gonna be loud obviously
that's how divisions work but no
division 3 was pretty easy
oh my god no no no a lot at least is a
frickin free kick you might not score
this one but I'm
