why is my comment the most liked comment
why there how am I so white okay that's
a bit better last time I asked you guys
to like more comments and you did to be
fair you liked my comment Michael Mann
doesn't say anything the most liked
comment I saw that wasn't my comment
with this Courtois or storage or David
Silva or company or cuadrado seriously
make your mind up I think the one to me
that stands out out of those is
definitely comfort so I went ahead and
full company then I get a free gold pack
and we all know how good those up one
actually wasn't too bad so if you don't
remember last time basically the vision
to is a bitch I've won one game lost one
and drawn to means promotion is looking
it's very edgy I got two games today
let's see if I could win them both I do
I will pretty much be securing this
division being Evernote and Division two
teams he must know something he's in
Division two he's not gonna be shitting
no he ain't gonna shit oh my god
oh no you sear it all it's one person's
and he's got a sick left foot Division
two is by far the hardest Division I
played it and I know you're gonna be
loud obviously that's how divisions work
but no Division three was pretty easy
oh my god no no no for what Elise is a
frickin free-kick you might not score
this one but I'm guaranteed yeah there
we go oh but oh god plain flame Oh
tomato oh no that was so bad oh my god
wait wait but thence mad sense Oh mom no
no okay just careful
okay that's fine that's fine that's fine
there's a boom boom oh my God he's
running rings around me
he's running rings around me don't let
Duke no no no no no no no no was that
corner going to be what god no oh my god
come on come on come on this has to be a
good boo bah bah bah that's a shocking
boom what the break bah bah
No come on come on that's not a good
ball is it that's just not a good ball
but that one is gonna get no just oh I'm
not gonna score this game it's me off
that I actually I actually should be
winning this game it doesn't look like
it I know but it's cuz I don't ever get
the shot off
oh my god oh my god oh my god Willa
really okay I got corner of it somehow
go and runnin runnin runnin runnin it oh
oh oh
a little lean but no while I was with
chilly knees I was trying to say come on
this game is getting ridiculous now this
game know what tough okay that'll do
I'll do Hassan a bum ah no come on no
please
my dad boom boom Oh Rep come on
giving me yellow at least that was sick
come on come on yellow at least I take
that I just don't know what to do from
here though yes yes we're just going for
that oh oh oh
Doby oh okay I've turned it around to
one come on come on play through flame
through wave through Pat no more saw mr.
and go no no no
no no no no clips around him please over
go that wasn't even close
what the hell come on man okay that
could be the game changer let's play
this is a peg
just please business to finish the game
oh my god oh my god oh my goodness we'll
just turned around for one and there it
is he's one for one
I don't know how dies a huge huge win
today now we have our second game and we
need to win that as well that's the bad
thing about these divisions every single
game becomes crucial right we're gonna
move back to the BPL team and we are
gonna use company okay here we've got
this this could go badly by a faith in
the boys and we are playing against a
BPL team that's that's a good team
that's pretty much our team except he's
got some like sweaty ER players here we
got a pretty even game let's see who can
win this
come on here Custer come on come on
Diego coast oh that's not good oh oh oh
early chart early jobs turns out let's
go how the Frick did he save that Oh Oh
boom Oh
for the simple Oh Oh No come on Adam
it's a nature touch Auster's missed two
vital shots so far
what the hell what the hell nah company
company where are you company
what the well why are you there company
you know what you know what we want one
no down in the last game we still can
bring this back no no no no no company
that's all companies for again yo
company well who why'd you tell me to
get him what the hell
company just literally thought another
goal I'll get yet it's still gonna be a
goal isn't it fine to Neils still they
are both company company
no no no okay it's at our time pretty
much I'm losing to nil I don't know if I
deserve to be losing to nil I mean I
said I deserve to winning last time when
that's the other way around
maybe a draw is fair right now nah not
that no no fuck this game what the hell
are you doing Kyle Walker Kyle Walker
has just ended
Kyle Walker's just ended up there and
he's just scored against me I think I
may have chosen the worst choice out of
those choices for a player to get come
on at least get one goal I can't lose
worse than the got nah no no no no no no
no no no how does that know go in I'm
done with this one I've lost I've lost
one it I'm not gonna see look at that
where are my players I lit I don't feel
like this game has been that unfair cool
that's the end of the game for Neil
frickin shat on you know who I blame
company and also Oscar this Oscar missed
so many chances so I don't want to put
this idea in your head guys but there's
actually a chance I might get relegated
I guess we'll see you next episode be
sure to like each other's comments
because that's how I choose the next
person I buy the most liked comment will
be the one I choose thanks for watching
see ya
oh my what the fuck is that look at me
that is the most disgusting thing I've
ever seen in my life
maybe I shouldn't have worn this in it
you know maybe this is a bad idea cause
now I got freaking black lines down my
face are they like to face from Batman
but not like the good toothpaste I look
like the old one from like 1970
