yo what's up and welcome to something a
little bit different today I am making
my pro now I know I have a pro Club
series the rest of the sidemen but this
is another pro that I basically wanted
to put myself into not in a gay way
so I've seen Ethan do this and I've
originally seen Adriana Diaz who you can
pick out in description because he does
this is like loads of people it's jokes
go check them out but this time it's me
so firstly I need to put my name in and
now that's done I can go change the
appearance so here we go we're going to
download and apply my game face what I
didn't fucking work a few moments later
oh my what the fuck is that
look at me that is the most disgusting
thing I've ever seen in my life maybe I
should have worn this in it you know
maybe this is a bad idea cause now I got
freakin black lines down my face are
they like to face from Batman but not
like the good to face I look like the
old one from like 1970 oh my why so big
you know what that will do by the way
I'm not then this is what even mum looks
like okay she's a very lovely lady but
seriously what the fuck like my eyes
melted I stopped my tongue out that's
why his lip is all fun I did that I went
like this now he just looked like I'm
deformed and we're being six seven 253
pounds stop he done I just look like I
belong in the library
not even the library I belong like the
attic of the library go but striker
striker striker striker ok right wing
will do oh my god let me look at his
face let me look oh my god right come on
Ethan's mom look what he's a monster run
Ethan's mom is just a faculty Oh Agis
mum oh hey that's Bob Oh pellet why do
they pelling you'd better aim for me if
you don't hang for me you're an idiot
I'm
seven no oh one one gwaan Miller yes yes
pause it marzia your little shit why
does he keep doing boy pieces mom odds
he's a finesse shot lead-ins mom takes a
touch back one woo that's my first on
target and then oh oh well that's not
really helpful because I have no idea
which ones which
all I know is Ethan's mum sucks ha ha ha
who's getting so mad
Oh season season oh wait that's what's
got this s yes
how the hell are we winning this game go
on one if I don't win that why would you
play along the floor I'm like ten-foot
tall come on come on
Goren Miller just do it all red then let
me aim come on ohh ohh
ha okay pop hip Hans now okay now okay
cross it okay pause okay okay okay okay
back post back post over here all the
way what is that that is that was too
far back post oh no oh no Ethan's mum
Ethan's mum's pulled hammy is that too
much of a hardcore session we drew let's
hear truth Ethan's Ethan's mums first
game and she drew hehe drew we just
we're changing it up with over the board
look you know what Italy looks more like
a goalkeeper let's just put him in go
and just let him do his thing right
I'm after channel my inner Ethan's mom
here we go and it did we do I think we
just scored we we just scored
what the hell what the hell without
being a goalkeepers so boring now you
know what
Ethan's mum wasn't made to be tamed come
come on Ethan's mom come on lads come on
play me oh come one man don't be so
selfish
oh shit oh shit oh shit about a backhand
go now bitch I'm backing up I think I
think it's that time I think it's that
time let's just forget today ever
happened because if we don't he's gonna
get you high so we are in a game and I
haven't played PES in quite a while
right we are playing at Phoenix eleven
are you ready for this let's go I've
already forgotten patrols all right
battle no that's not spring that is run
run oh oh oh oh okay one cross oh oh
guys
