yo s FG shock you know what it is by now
no it's not it's but much as FC in
Division three cuz I'm a rhyming MC a
slap vikkstar123 if he was he's he's out
right now but you know I would do but
yeah
so we're gonna be playing another like
four five six games I don't know how
many really I just kind of play it too
like I hope whatever happens we're
playing leg loss next and we are gonna
win a-hee-ahee girl who da all at under
G day oh no all of the day tackle
biology de there huh this is like some
next-level Twyla are you sure it what
the hell hey that was ridiculous but
we're playing on were playing on
Gourevitch Grabbe closet and Jude a bomb
I'll let G de scores come on G de come
on guys two eyes ah about to lose it go
on either Bowl go on today hairy with
the log shop ah come on come on G hits
it Josh boom
no going to j1 JJ's Eastern won it stand
back
oh it didn't mean that that this is a
good plan this is a good plan but sees
him in there Josh
do it ah josh is just that almost guy he
is danny welbeck come on wait it's like
only of 13 seconds let's go google hurry
Vic Vic to treat chips it back in hurry
oh no that was it that was it that's it
that's the end of the game we've drawn
with Legos Toby you didn't make a single
save right back and go - well we've
drawn our first game and we are now
playing ad - Adam o Adam alwa guys I'm
gonna be honest like suckage ography
okay I don't know how these places are
this league is a lot better than the
last one I know pretty much all of them
but the last one no idea
run run run run run oh no no no I've
seen him in the sedum oh oh oh my days
re gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous
ah oh there it is Josh come on
heart I can't lose this game I can't I
call him and draw the set
why have I done that it's ro do you see
that power
Yoji diz on a madness JJ have you been
in gym
dude JJ you man the two mate come on JJ
cor JJ seen josh at the back post seen
him he's running he's miserable
he's done it with beating Adam are worth
three nil for levels games that means
okay so you know what Tony you're
getting your reactions up okay gonna
have to learn to tackle
Ethan's actual art the best play of his
position he's in defense is that
tackling and speed let's just let's just
it is tackling up more Josh accuracies
not there yet
let's go for some more speed and bit
yeah you need to chop we are up to third
right now and we are playing at unique
riggers let's go but mantua's let's go
come on Josh early go early go near post
oh boy ah wanted that rebound boom
that's a goal for Josh there we go throw
again we got back out wide JJ he's gonna
turn in he's gonna turn back out he's
weaving ah Ethan Ethan you got a lot to
do here you a lot I think you just gotta
head up well I've only got 15 seconds
left
why does this always come down to the
last minute goal please Jesus reason it
comes down to last minute goal is
because the game is only two minutes yes
I know I know I'm stupid
defensive let's go defensive tackle
tackle him what the hell no no oh wow I
won I swear I was stud and then I win
and I go down a position right we are
playing the team that came up with us
Helsinki go on for me Gore Jay Jay Paul
bearer's oh I saw that oh well just go
ahead oh nice shies didn't have man on
the controller at that point it kind of
video automatically but what's gonna add
up this game is already over gone Vic
why if I don't score this Vic Vic
literally hit it in face your mitt
Victor's another life was he gone and
now I have no defense what's that no oh
I'm it before there we go Oh JJ's throw
take this through whipping Josh oh my
elegant now fixed and fixed time how am
I not screwing anywhere nice that Josh
you're too slut now Josh needs a pace
from now on JJ JJ is incredible a bit
that's game Helsinki I'm not up to the
challenge today celebrate but munchers
celebrate one hopefully in two more
episodes I will be in Division two
I feel like Toby should have short hair
not really an afro Ethan uh ah they
don't have anything paler well we are
gonna change our kids there we go now we
got a good kit I think we're doing
pretty well with the pot lunches so I'm
gonna leave it there for today thank you
guys very much for watching if you do
have any suggestions to this let me know
in the comments it's really good to see
that you guys actually like enjoy these
but I really enjoy making them and
comments like this one really nice if
you want to do more so there you guys
watching and see ya let's do this guys
let's go come on Diego Costa you know
what boom oh my god I'm already losing
listen I was gonna win this is an hour's
gonna go again as possible
pass the pullover oh my date that was
almost a sec I know oh stop this stop
him stop him go nice or Oh nuts
okay got bus Wow this party
