what's up guys and welcome to your
ultimate team now today's top comment
you ready for this drumroll please
all right it is my comment really guys I
have 27,000 coins that I want to spend
and I'm not I'm not getting a comment
like this one I want you guys to all
like comment because that's the top
comment second top comment is this
what's the difference between
Mertesacker and the EA servers
Mertesacker is faster yeah that yeah
that was it that was it
so this one remember go like a comment
now okay tell me you want to buy 27,000
coins
okay like the comment today we're in
Division two we have eight games I need
six more wins so it's a PBL's turn to
play let's go to games I'm gonna win
both and the Immortals that I shall play
Oh Mike Daisey actually does have a good
okay I know they're badly rated center
backs and defenders for they're fast the
full Colombian team let's do this guys
let's go
come on Diego Costa you know what boom
oh my god listen I was gonna win this is
an hour's gonna go again as possible
pass the ball over all my dates that was
almost a sec oh no oh stop this stop him
stop him go nice short Oh nuts okay go
up bus
wow this party is just shambolic it's
great work juan diego cluster look at
look how many players he's got back
okay there you go there you go boom both
in Moscow again got a little bit lucky
there oh this is just ridiculous how
many players he has back well I don't
know I meant to get through this oh no
oh no oh my god
oh my gawd rich Oh guys the vision - is
getting harder than any other division
I've had cuz I have played two of the
most annoyingly frustratingly boring
players ever wait wait wait no I didn't
mean that
boy I didn't mean that there there was a
play completely okay how was getting
this Wayne Wayne Wayne Wayne please what
I got kick are you serious this guy I
don't know what it is
it just literally takes the fun a thief
there's no funny run run Wayne run-run
please boss well why bad no no ref give
me that pen run oh no no no no no no no
no boom boom oh dress click on these
literally just kicking me in the area
run season see them through oh why no no
wait wait wait wait breasts wait wait
wait boom I missed anyways
most what's a given that's the only
thing I can do smash it there the
spinner apparently safe what the fuck
what the hell just happened that leave
can I just score go please I've done it
what's this going away Oscar fuck oh no
run Shirley please please okay that's
what out that's without jolie-pitt score
- I may be able to just sneak a last
minute goal here if he doesn't score now
okay last chance lost us bleep boom no
dress please
though take the bow oh come on oh my god
this is actually my last chance please
listen
is that a bus a bad corner keep us out
but it I've got a draw out of this Oh
should have won that second half look at
it I actually destroyed him in the
second half so I can still just win five
more games and then draw one and I'm
fine but I have seven games but that
means I can't lose more than one so the
next team I'm playing the only 11 and
why am I getting teams are so many
informs go back go go go go go oh my god
rip ah wrath thank you
boom didn't see that coming did your
book Wayne it's shocking who I'm playing
another tough game right now I need to
get rid of this that's fine what the
hell now Rodrigo come back come back no
oh this ain't it go go go go go go go
press left Wes why my dog No
he's got good shots it oh boy a life but
I've literally ball rolling and he's
little fucking bending me over oh my god
no I didn't even control you scuttle
this is the sad sad day for your
ultimate team because it looks like how
has he scored a penalty oh that's a
terrible pass favor absolutely shocking
past but why that's a great boss bull
I'm not I'm not when you came
oh shit oh you're a little shit Qi I
think I would've missed I genuinely
think you'd have missed that boom boom
Thank You Wayne like it's not that
uneven he does deserve to be winning but
I don't know how it's 3-1 oh my god you
like that how is he no no no no no no no
ha that is the difference between him
and me I wouldn't have even got a chance
there
how's he doing me exactly what I mean go
no Diego Kosta it's really pissing me
off guys how oh my god yeah of course
yet passed across mate thanks
fuck you I can't believe that I have
literally just played two games and I've
drawn and lost like I was so confident
that I actually might win two today okay
and that is the the end of the game
really isn't it yeah great class that's
exactly where I wanted it okay and just
end the game please I beg you should end
it it's frickin it's over it was over
ages ago I got destroyed he did deserve
to beat me but he took the fun out of
the game I have six games left
I win four draw one still get promotion
please like each other's comments
because I need to change thank you guys
for watching
soo are you loving your owning a PhD is
love my god they're gonna score again oh
there you go there you go God dad I'm a
whore Jenna Bush over the moment now
what those shows incredible
like that finishes mud oh you suck about
