before the video starts make sure to hit
that subscribe button alright so these
guys just turned up we filmed a football
video on their channel so you can check
that out in the description but we're
gonna film something really quick for
this okay challenge no not in that this
is why I don't have a girlfriend so I'm
gonna throw this ball off the edge and
you're gonna take it in turns to do the
best touch you ready as you touch can
you throw it oh you serious are you good
ready that's a really good throw I mean
you're going to just let that bounce
really didn't know you're a liar
alright one more attempt each really
final attempt I thought that was decent
that's decent though I don't really know
these both but you didn't if you guys
are gonna say a whole video that let me
know in the comments down below because
I'll make it you know like different
rounds and stuff and if you want to see
that let me know anyway in the comments
or tweet me or whatever okay alright as
you guys know we have upload this
weekend so we have our usual special
guests through the flip Cup let's go
three two one
jump I just came onto the gym just find
will working out and he made me work out
over on doobie channels so well food the
channel I yeah yes so now I'm gonna show
him how to do the English workout with a
football and weights and you're gonna
fare like that huh you know this is it
the English workout you've got this do
the English okay so I got really bored
and learn a magic trick that's meant for
kids so I'm testing it on JJ to see if
he falls for it are you ready for this
magic trick magic set up okay yeah
yeah yeah
yes I'm gonna be able to tell the fourth
card down here okay by looking at the
fourth card down there okay
so one two three four Queen it's May
fourth card down one two three on this
one yep this one is yep is what the
Queen's place the Queen of Spades yeah
and there you have it the Queen of
Spades told you magic
no no more magic
do get it okay okay I want you to split
the deck roughly half a kilo Kenya this
is reasonable so I'm going to be able to
tell fourth card is there by looking at
the fourth card here one two three two
one now okay right one two three and
then this one what's this okay so it's
now my birthday and Josh told me he has
bought me a present
so yeah parently he's outside with my
present I'm ready
show me my present wait what
nice wait where's the prison I have to
clean this up for my birthday it's
actually sad that that's why I wanted
it's sad I actually wanted footage for
my birthday this is that thing so the
last time I parents were here they left
this and I don't know really what's in
it so I don't know why my mom told me to
open these on camera well she said no
they're just good things it's a pillow
oh my god it's my dog that's hideous
at the same time as being nice that is
barking hideous look at it right now
though that's actually so sick that
looks 3d with that it's not 3d mad
number two little black box personalized
jewelry but what is that oh my god
that's what you have a fish and chip
shops
that's like to eat fish and chips and
it's customized for those that don't
know me and no one knows my mom really
so basically my mom is the best person
ever at getting weird gifts hence the
dog pillow so my mom and dad are away
right now
why I'm doing this alone normally I'd go
home and see them but they're away for
like a little while so yeah she said you
know I can open these on camera if I
want to because they're a little bit
weird and yeah she's proving right and
the final thing is the wasabi rice
snacks what's that hell I told you she
bought weird stuff I mean I'm gonna try
one aren't I all right those are kind of
hang by the green one Oh spice boy
that's amazing as I said they are aware
right now so I will be going home to
celebrate once they're back but this was
just yeah this is just this is what my
family do okay we buy each other weird
stuff this is what remains from my
parents card because as soon as I opened
it I pressed that button and it started
playing music and it what it never
stopped so I've literally I had to call
Josh to help me because I had to
literally rip it apart I mean it was
literally a voice message over and over
and over again and it says forever
so that's all for today for the blog I
hope you guys have a good day I'm gonna
just chill out because my birthday today
so yeah that's all for today make sure
you check out everyone in the video
check out everyone's link in the
description thank you guys watching and
who wait actually know there is a new
t-shirt out on the website so I'm a
clothing calm right now it's my birthday
so you go check it out with that yeah
that's it so I make my video comments in
description please thanks for watching
those are cool clothes
