what's up guys and welcome to as Adriana
lights the cooler a pesky cool opening
Pez testicle opening because you're open
balls let's just move on
normally you have like a 15 20 percent
chance of getting a black ball these bad
boys UEFA Champions League stars Q
versus best qualifying special I don't
know what just happens in my mouth I
have a 70% chance or 69 to feel that
immature getting a black ball I'm gonna
be opening these seeing who I can get
that's about it first ball look how many
black balls there are come on if I don't
get a platform now someone's gonna get
hit surely come on okay close okay come
on black ball here we go give me someone
good give me someone good I don't know
who that is who the hell is that who I
get how almost terrible let's ignore
that one
and let's get someone good come on give
me like like a Ronaldo or something I
think this is only players in the oh my
god oh my god 70% who the hell are you
oh I actually know that guy give me that
guy standing what that's clearly Ronaldo
in the middle I know it's going to be
blacked out so it's like a mystery but
are you serious there's like six either
side why am I getting Luther Vanderley
oh my god
yes okay oh I don't know why I'm
celebrating it's like 70% come on who is
that who's that who's under South why am
I getting salad I'm getting these black
balls but I'm getting really shit once
okay I'm sorry I didn't mean to call you
shit okay come on this is the one this
whose booth lay I'm gonna Oh blaze are
you like that again why am I in so many
freaking Monaco players now I can feel
this one I can feel this one this is the
one this is the pack ball where I get
something good I didn't mean to say that
please
there we go okay this is a good one are
you ready Binet Rudy but it's not the
good Pepe was he chewing on why is his
mouth moving he's trying to get a few
black balls in a row but it doesn't end
in modrich is that okay he's running
he's running a lot okay no they don't
normally run that much Maurice Rogers 89
rated you may have some leaves on his
head but I've still got an 89 rated
player
okay that is finally someone good g89
rated modules today is my day okay I
know I've had bad stuff so far but now
is really starting to look up order to
run as well I always get a more frigging
FIFA but he's all white I just don't I
don't know say I've got them up come on
who's that on my wait who's it oh my
foot isn't here for a second Petra 8c
rated these pretty low on this okay it's
time to get another AC 9 rated player
leaves come on come on come on he's not
running okay Gabi sounds hot Paul oh oh
who's that Kevin Phillips no Perez man
Kevin Phillips I'm dumb come on run
just run why you not over you
max oh my god just to clear out I dunno
who most of these players are I'm just
saying who are you cuz I don't recognize
them from their character so like this
that's a golem and definitely just got
golden who you that is okay that's grain
up yes nailed it that was gay
I'm sorry come on a gold ball I'm not
gonna want this play whoever it is and
it's like a hedgehog and it'll blow up
Marcelo oh my god Marcello's is it
what's that he's only an 83 ready but
Marcello's actually sick looks a little
bit like a frog but he's sick yes come
on come on it is between two gold balls
that means it's gonna be good
a black ball between two gold balls is
not good I get sterling no it's not even
in the champion is not easy I don't know
maybe is why am i talking about sterling
Sandro yeah why am i getting gold balls
there's gonna be a 60% chance come on
please give me some one good its grease
money day four rated Griezmann spree
diesel Griezmann Marcelo moderates and
now I said magis wrong Roger and
Fernando two toys why does he have blue
hair on FIFA never actually understood
that this is my third last pack ass wave
I get a gold ball now I'm gonna no stop
there stop okay good
black ball third last pot who are we
gonna get we get not not lame on
ah Neymar in a ball whoa Neymar may go
straight in the club mine yeah I didn't
care about these last two please write
realistic now can get whoever I don't
really care okay I lied I do care that
means that this is my last ball
this is the last testicle but I'm
opening it's a finger I can't end on the
gold I've gone into my points just to do
this if I get a gold ball now I'm kind
of screwed a black ball last one I don't
care it is that's the end of this that
is the end of this testicle opening and
I get to lay long I guess I guess that's
alright but Marcelo Griezmann modrich
name are successful pack opening I'm
calling it a day there thank you guys
for watching leave a like if you want me
to put those players that I just got
into a team and play a game online or a
couple games online let me know thank
you for watching and see you what the
fuck just happened
shit shit shit like oh oh my god why are
they scoring I don't understand oh shit
oh shit no I just got by school kids go
to you I thought I level shit
Ryan so I just played a Twinkie what
thought nah this game's racist Twinkie
just cuz they're American I only have 17
seconds left I have 15 14 13
