Oh what's up guys and welcome back to
the bat munchers I am a ghost right now
what the hell before you customer goes
the windows and the curtains are open
because this is so freaking hot in my
room right now but we're back with about
munchers last time we won division 4 so
now we are in Division 3 we have the
likes of Chicago Los Angeles Helsinki is
still here let's see if they finish last
I'll finish house ok now I've actually
got accustomed to this game
I'm gonna destroy this division Mexico
here we go ok why do I forget the
controls every time Josh is slow what's
our Frick go back again right - Josh ah
oh
one Oh Josh dribbling boss boom Nick oh
oh
jj-just JJ JJ
Oh get to get so no chuckle go Josh
yes Josh go of it go Vic boom one is so
good but it's one nil to me bitch
I have literally 27 seconds left Jay Jay
to finish oh my god JJ okay 14 seconds
left he's done yes seafood come on Josh
come on just chase it down that's it
that's it that's it Oh Josh with the
Josh learn to shoot that's it I said
that's it that's it that's it bloody
result he's won the first game against
Mexico
suck on that one solid first game
against Mexico now we have LA I thought
they would be a tough game but they lost
their first game if I lose this I'm
gonna be upset
let's go JJ come on all right Vic Vic
Glazer
oh my days I press the wrong button
Ethan no I don't what a challenge breath
what the fuck just happened
shit shit shit cycle oh my god why are
they scoring I don't understand oh shit
oh shit no I just got by school kids go
to your open-air level shit Ryan so I
just played a Twinkie what thought nah
this game's racist Twinkie just cuz
they're American I only have 17 seconds
left
I have 15 14 13 12 11 10 no I'll have
anywhere to go
boss boss I have nowhere to go why am i
pass things oh my god I just lost
I've lost some believe it
lost la let's just put me down to ten
next up we ever plays I don't even know
curator bar charisma eighth most
populous city in Brazil and the largest
in Brazil sorry I keep doing the same
thing every time
why am i holding our tea like there's a
sprint button go Vic Oh Harry's away
Harry's away hey bum what the fuck where
is my defense he's done well go root
Josh if you don't score this Josh thank
you thank you I will come hit him in the
face
Vic okay there go keys they is
absolutely shot go hurry go Ari how is
he be in our place Harry come on man
wait I only got 15 sub one I've one mate
up one Josh just got a vice cooking for
Neil chasing down dick and get rid and
that's the end of the game done hauling
it down easily that has moved the bot
munchers up to third in the league -
runt ofc let's see the names that they
put on them
Vic Oh Michael ok Michael's alright
Michael Thomas these are very average
names you want a Jake ok mate you're on
fire check it run today run GG run GG
run GG run GG run til you run so back so
back what ok there's no it there's no at
whoa whoa Ethan's on a run either's
honoured no no ok back to Harry Barrett
back to Ethan line it and then JJ whips
in Rick oh wait Josh what Josh yes look
at this fight we've what wait we've won
boom we've won
Oh
well I mean I know I'd already won
that's why I kicked it one second left
really my players have made some
dramatic improvements okay look it look
is reaction now we're going back for
reaction Harry you're playing the
defense makes you need some better
tackling even Ethan is quit any cuts I'm
sick
now we go now what we going for we're
going for air attack okay Josh you need
something is on pace JJ you just need
everything and Vic ah your striker big
so we're gonna have shy goofy so boo the
league no no it's open early then oh my
god oh my god Ethan Ethan Ethan run
across my defense is just not exert max
is too good where the hell does my team
max a sweat look at Max's stats how is
he scoring these he is like no show
accuracy yeah I got shat on and we're
down to six
the wibble and Stockholm who was second
last in the league run run run oh no
soup well JJ JJ is on fire looking
across Vic misses the ball but Harry's
still out Eric how are you just left the
ball
alright gore Josh Gore Josh sees the
angle oh wait why am i what am i doing
Oh JJ Guinea that's it after does it go
go for this one it beaten Stockholm
which has put me as fourth place next up
is Lagos who again or near the bottom of
the table but we're gonna have to end it
for there today Division three is going
down well that's all for today for SFG
soccer please leave a like if you enjoy
this series and pay for watching see ya
and for some reason he refused to change
his kits and I were playing in like
light blue and dark blue let's go
there's nothing what this guy is so
defensive it's actually ridiculous what
