so yeah I mean I'm in Division two now
basically if you didn't see on Twitter
yesterday I had a mini rents I recorded
an episode of ultimate team I meant to
put out yesterday and then I what
happened but the footage the script is
so that's gone all you need to know is
that I won both games and I know I like
I don't know how I can even prove this
but I won both games I'm into Division
two I have 26 thousand coins yeah I'm
I'm still kind of in shock from it so
I'm just gonna go into a game
okay so third game of division two we
come up against an average VPL team I've
got this and you guys know when I say
I've got this I've got this cuz I don't
lie to you guys okay
hello this is going well this is or no
it's lost to be a tibia Oh to be up
dummy up yeah oh my god
gone did you do me up ahh rap Rev thank
you this is my task this is my moment
this is my rebeccablack moment what was
that right just let me put this in the
dog let let it let it go let it wait let
it let it come let it let it go they
finally jacob yneouws on the wing to be
Neos on the wing II don't
doesn't Oh red that's a foul still got
it
still got it boss I'm through that's not
where I wanted it but it'll do he'll
turn Oh Oh bah buh bah bah - yeah why
are you not happy what what's going on -
the goal or not - nailed even through
season through season through to be a
goal play
oh yeah Oh bother ah a barb oh ah
Oh Baba o Baba you beautiful man so long
farewell have fun in Division three he
didn't have a shot 37 minutes in for no
up and he didn't have a shot as a new
record finish well I was the easiest
game I'm gonna face in his petition
unless he has a terrible team he doesn't
he is a sweaty Bundesliga team and for
some reason he refused to change his
kits and I were playing in like light
blue and dark blue let's go there's
nothing like this guy is so defensive
it's actually ridiculous
look where do we go let me go okay that
work that work go yes oh oh my tens you
are a guy I always count on let me down
go go no jomini oh come on there's so
much pressure on right now and I know
that it's gonna mean nothing when it
comes to the second half
oh my god oh my oh my god it's always
cheerleading that fuzz up for me see
them see them see the chest buh buh buh
why don't that oh I swear I don't even
get draw out of this game I'm he's so
fucking angry oh oh oh oh yes one one
move it out
notice this are the Dow boom widen
fellas gonna see I hate Russia not or
not how the hell am i drawing you know
what okay though I will take that slide
bow I won't make that pass pass
oh that's absurd no there is at not
there's no way there's act there's no
way that that has just happened
oh my days water for bottle look at
we're not mates I guess I'll just go for
that
like you can't savor and now I'm not
even the school this I might no progeny
I'm just going to cross this and just
crossing this Ram I've seen his face
let's see this face oh please honk Oh
honk oh go go
why have I passed that although it's
kind of fine work it's seen him seen
I've seen them go Baba oh you just left
the ball just got the ball like the key
part of football
run run run they're par buh buh buh buh
do not let him catch you drew Oh doh
just do me up run around the bar bow
runner Baba you have the pace to get
round it oh my god just run just run
please I've had so many corners please
to school one just just palm the infant
shaded it into his hands please can I
score this please gone just gave you a
crossing a good cross boom-boom
I said boom that means shoot he's giving
it you just won the whistle how am i
Blair's gonna act happy with that - all
he had two shots - and talking to girls
I have 1911 and the score - which means
I want four points after two games I
need another frickin six wins or you
know like four wins and two draws to get
the title I'm not fast about the title
right now I just want to get promoted
because then we're in Division one the
final division 27,000 coins let me know
who to buy the most liked comment will
be the one I choose so be sure to like
each other's comments and I am sorry
about last episode but it's literally
nothing attitude so that's obviously a
fortune and sooo sidemen we are in
Division 9 we have six games remaining
can we do it why are you shouting
