sidemen we are in Division 9 we have six
games remaining can we do it why are you
shouting at me we can't do it sorry
ah you ready no gladiators you go on my
first visit why you were really gone I
don't know wait I bet you won so exactly
a bit fucking go already
oh okay good start good start guys good
pressure so division oh we are not about
this life where you go where am I going
where am I going in the middle first
word what's the run through that's all
there it is the Cebu oh you're right way
directly London blinded me I don't know
if it does anything for you run they're
gone garnish why are you loving Ethan
forgot how to play no he didn't I'm just
weak never he began yeah you'd never be
able to play any faster was that my
fault I don't feel that was my fault you
just blame him very good
Oh sound good oh my god that's a great
possible I'm winning that whoa oh okay
my guess is though what the poem with it
what the fuck is wrong with you
episode good man up again hey buddy
remember just what it's positive when I
shit I didn't even know it is where I
was officer who was would you mean news
or sighs do you know what upside Louise
okay well that's - no that's a girl Wow
yes let's go this has to be a goal
this has to be else no your no go no go
Jeff really fits all my god V how many
you got
it's just market yellow don't even
company yellows is he good music firm
the way once he gives them his eyes was
the man come on for busy oh my god just
nod whoever's blue pushed me out of the
way he's trying to save your life
oh my god oh my god like a sakkubai let
me knock out the way freaking fuck you
don't belong
look at this you found me a cooler yeah
you that one wasn't no fight too freaky
what is hold you or do you lion team
thought vet go hi once we win wait boy
let's go everything has promised do you
give oh my god
were saved what the hell face Park Place
Oh fire oh okay possibly just removed it
from the attack that works right Oh over
here as I said Toby he's removed it from
the entire stores and vics I've been
involved this direct approach doesn't
work in it oh sure he's off he's
obviously not I tried to chat back mr.
chairman my god Charlie with the heart
race how do you check bags the chatting
bag I go to the head unit oh look he's
gonna do it again
am i right Ethan this is not working
when you gonna learn in with it Leeson
where are your legs oh my oh my oh my
yeah on your want on your wall of my
body I tell you about sound my feet yeah
Ethan Oh Sophie oh damn boys I'm out
confusing and in favor the different
colors there you go come on I'm fat cow
fat cow it's a Vegas
boom oh my sorry a Santos girl galaxy's
what wasn't it
each oak tile for you that way yes right
hyung said hey a mess huh as a
goalkeeper
that's not what I mean he might be hung
but they didn't hung what are you doing
just got you could have done that then
you just ban oh my god one fuck off you
had to fall like you ever have it was a
key that you won't get more dirty so you
just slide back over cigarette trying to
be my hanged up so I voted to your cigar
run to the goal
what are you can cool you down run over
go on yeah I've got my own little space
I really didn't reenact it okay guys we
lost let's just go straight into the
next game for this game be cool all
right lads we're planning it's direct
football let's go guys let's go on ho ho
if you don't score this you're rubbish
whoo come on these boys are Blauman they
actually did a toilet watch watch a
banks look on the floor mate straighten
I don't see you where are you yeah I can
see you're saying look and I can't see
shit anyone else feel like there's a
dead man yeah that's Jesuit yep we
missing what guys what'd we miss
continued their ban by happen mobster my
email nigga put his hump I appreciate
that but I don't know what I was doing
so yeah fuck it should be out doing two
goes on the other ha what how does this
use your disabled man I got for hunting
knife you know it is it I could it a
shot post positive now because I
probably nice you know
he's got his knees for me and she always
passing the ball never want to go money
nothing dances together you can't get
only it's going under stomach to lie
down to eat we make it now now raises
the grass is what why is this rubber
free legs I'm a tripod that's illegal
ah space great rapper this just sounds
mental when I'm looking vixens oh oh hey
that's how you do it wait
hi special episode we got through it
what those that woman hey y'all ready
and I forgot your coat this isn't gonna
go well
Oh defensive final hate you wanna know
so funny when plan against my mates from
college yes don't forget the thumbs up
Oh friend I we can't lose where's my
mini-map tonight on system is where
Hung's gonna come out late goodbye
homecoming out I was coming out for ya I
come out straight birthday coming out as
a pussy Slayer
you know why I keep the same car there
you go drop with your music there you go
get it right away
wait heaven they have a player for slow
way is happening why are you not going
to the ball oh boy I said oh you kicked
him but no yeah no don't let them do
this no good to do this that I even your
Mason tracer he's good rocky right for
what that's great right wing uncle
repairing communal bernard
you watch it okay we've got corner
day Warner's five Dave Carney of these
haters man I'm there you go oh wait
always the boys I told him daughter that
Dylan Oh Dylan my love each other fuck
oh is it up nice not nice different guys
if I go in my des and me off took your
race essentially there to work you don't
mean the same person Wow total white
alright guys we are winning at halftime
against Dylan and the scumbags
Nathan you better show them this idiot
my friends give a fuck yes what's that
goes she goes no I was him Hey okay
avoid the yellow guys he's round come on
big guy just what the other side of it
why are you taking my come on oh okay
just know like I mean wait outside your
house like I don't know this is gonna be
Hunger this can be Josh you're like just
nice one more bit
okay suit yourself no no hug me like we
had a high-five instead I will just have
a montage of that go and fucking go
through the game look at him try it yeah
I'm gonna tote the dining paper
you know I he won t one yeah yeah yeah a
look yes Oh Toby is repeated in the
child squad your friend Nick friends hey
guys don't celebrate guys don't
celebrate guys guys okay yourselves
we're doing in these letters over Simon
cut that cut so crazy I look at Dylan
great hustle oh that I must go go on
there you go mate Oh actually so made
that transfer my responsibility right
there yes fucking shit with that
absolute we fuck Dillard's body we fuck
Dillard's one I know we did I'm sure I
did maybe it was Jordans mum guys we
just got the Titan a vision nine
definitely there's nothing to be happy
about it he just took the belt was
totally mum and raised it above us right
where am I no we're just good why am I
the same either when else now come on
the note you're bending down but all my
days use of the goalie that was a fun
game guys we're on the title kicker
vision but on each player there's like a
rating system so you can get a hazard
that's white card and basically that's
not very good if he's like a red card
which is his super ray you get more
points per stuff he does in fancy
football but none of that really matters
today just because what we're doing is
we're gonna be opening one pack
building a team from those players and
they're playing Ethan and he's done the
same thing so I'm opening this the BPL
