what's up guys our work with something a
little bit different today we are mixing
a FIFA
with tops kick to create hot hips be
fight to know I didn't really spend too
long on that one right now you're
probably looking at this like but it's
actually quite simple I'll explain it
basically if you don't know what tops
kick is I've seen a lot of people play
it so what I decided to do is mix this
with FIFA it basically it's like fantasy
football mixed with the odd panini
sticker books you open a pack you get
the players and then you use those
players to create a team which is
basically fantasy football but on each
player there's like a rating system so
you could get hazard that's a white card
and basically that's not very good if
he's like a red card it's easy super ray
you get more points per stuff it does in
fancy football but none of that really
matters per day just because what we're
doing is we're gonna be opening one pack
building a team from those players and
then playing Ethan and he's done the
same thing so I'm opening this the BPL
jumbo pack 23 cards here we go I've
gotta get some good players doesn't
matter what their rating is okay just I
just need good place so the first player
Williamson I just need to call it right
so that bar on the right shows how good
their who
and that's good Fernando Waymon vital
basement allow me said Jack Cole back
please stand I'm calling Ross Wallace
Myrtle psycho please Victor Moses please
can I have a goalkeeper okay there we go
all right Herrera Rio Ferdinand Alcott
so that that's a rare card and see how
it says rare in the bottom left Steven
Gerrard's Johnstone's - rats trickier
Ben I don't know who that is I don't
know who half these players are Mike
Mikkel Arteta Cattermole I know who they
are gay jekko Andy Carroll go miss okay
I can build a sick thing with this so
the team we appeal a standard BPL team
please please ignore the bench okay
that's just a squad builder dad wherever
this is the team we have only person our
position is to rap but it can kind of
fit there we got victory Moses -
ridiculously tall strikers an average
defense but it's even so it's high okay
so let's see the team that Ethan has
pulled he doesn't have a goalie he
doesn't have a goalie lads he doesn't
have a goalie he also doesn't have a
left that so sorry Ethan but I'm gonna
have to destroy you know Iman jokes
please
ah you ready go go black that's cool
that's always cool that's always fun
check up ref come on puss Oh God what
what is going on dozen I think how does
that bear Ethan Andy Carroll - scored
against ya and that win that there you
go there you go this is gonna be a riot
this is actually gonna be a right gone
fast turns out Fernando turns in boom go
to deal with them - Neil oh no no take
off no no no no no no there we go there
we go get rid whoa okay he's finest it's
Ethan - early now
just get rid of this I chased down yep
there we go pass it forward counter go
boom run run run turns in turns back
turns in and left foot boom go three nil
right watch this mini mins a free-kick
here we go I got two tools strikers boom
note goes to Steven Gerrard instead okay
he's gonna just use Townsend look at it
look at him abusing the pace no no let
it out Oh III consider this a loss if if
he even scores in that ball there you go
we're even have a goalie so what I just
shoot Oh further than the gold me there
you go when that turns out Stevie - boom
burden handing go what the hell oh no no
no no no no no no no it's good he's
actually scored you can just come just
scored against me go go go go go
Fernando Oh Oh No wow that's our time
and I am destroying him how how how is
he game through accounts I doubt I'll
tell us go run to raptor after a ball
then how is a with it what's the given
what on it
what really sure
ah oh I know I won't be score with the
goalkeeper
look at him abusing the Beck no do not
do not there you go that's why I have a
goalkeeper and you don't even actually
the reason is because you didn't pack
one but you know we'll ignore that for
now Jacob boom five blood yard I am
starting to like pepper him up is that
phrase I don't know Ethan you getting
destroyed son Oh
Oh boom megazor yeah yeah ah this is
ridiculous this is the destruction ah
that's it game oh okay anything you
really want to try this let it out I
bring working for out or am i I might
know I'm not cause I'm not shot as a
really good finish
there it is final whistle six to be thin
mate unlucky I know you didn't have a
goalie but that was just that was the
instruction rights that's all for today
please let me know if you like the tops
kick for the fee for idea happily take
on another youtuber if you want me to
thank season for the game but yeah thank
you guys for watching
suit up that's my dad oh yeah oh it's
Charlie who's trying to call the buzzes
Oh
celebrate telling me to watch celebrate
I'm in touch more mean games what
happened I'm stand by changes happen I
don't even own this game Josh you did
