what's up guys and welcome to FIFA you
wait for Euro 2008 it says in the
corners relief I don't know this
actually isn't you UEFA Euro 2008 this
in case you didn't know what that is so
we are playing this me versus Josh one
game I I have the knack of winning these
old game yeah annoying summer I've got
this one I really been hitting ok so
just gonna be France I'm going to be
cool
oh my god the goalkeeper though yeah so
here we are they climb till they flee
densely tight I'm Bill Daley Andy Baron
and Budd Andy bellend those graphics
though I can still watch in a pace they
don't our faces
ah you ready oh good luck Go Go good huh
where's that I don't even touch the
landscape I don't know ok ok that way
it's like this work one whoa he's oh I'm
on the still on the wrong controls you
have good dog three kids on your right
I'm amazing I'll be a really powerful oh
my god
that's my dad Oh God Oh each other
he's trying called the buzzes Oh
celebrate telling me to gosh celebrate
I'm in tackle on these games Wow
understand by a change of tactic I don't
even own this game Josh you did okay we
should play a san marino online come on
seize the balls across seas the past
target third oh there you go through the
middle pass up when we get tricks okay
though their tricks on this game uh I
don't buy now I'm gonna run no thickness
on Oh God
ah psycho no grabbing fucking down the
love can you get a celebrate this are
you lie I can't hear you oh no I talk
okay no well I change our teacher oh my
boy yeah I've been pressing the wrong
button mate chase player lb Oh boys LC
yes I'm to run Oh safe son I'll say Oh
God
I'd find women banging here but no boom
but up in butter being BAM boom no got
your white dragon which is machine
chocolate boom boom is terrible shooting
on his aim is a bit how did we score too
long Sierra wake up oh my did you need
to stop Terry Terry are we stopped
leave by Tony kibble D triple C's it
there you go
cease the bumper 0:01 gone psycho there
we go good and then turn out I'm Bo what
the hell last charts for me not just for
me the scripting exists oh go go go oh
shoot not really
Oh - one target you but yes I'm a very
good shooter in this game I've noticed
thanks man nah did you score that you
score no oh yeah I wasn't trying to no
good trying Josh you're weird the way
you play I'm sick
no leave me in the head tackle Oh God
well yeah we're the crossbar a lot
no God no oh what is going on
what no no
oh this is actually retarded go go with
my mind go if I can't I get rid of hey
stop shooting from there what time
little time to look at the whole six MIT
ah no I think that I want nice nice yes
blue cheese so by Thursday Panucci yes
blue cheese cheese ham and mayonnaise
red cards and tomato sauce
all right let's finesse it let's Vanessa
there you go on up on up good people yet
okay okay come on that's it that's it
sorry full time what we doing Oh golden
goal dad for golden go I want a golden
goal oh you just you press it up you
press up down boom oh my god
why are you still shooting from there I
don't know I want to go just if I win
now even more embarrassing to you
designee I'm single weight win these
games you lose oh oh
sitting US citizen stop brother
nothing this means that it's he told you
don't do it stress you're I lied it's
just for target on the line ready for
this you might whoa time Oh climbing on
women hello ha
listen that was it huh no outside
outside outside outside of life no car
why go go go go go go go run run run run
dear Sally
Ronde Natali shit what the fuck is come
on boss and one more one more run are
going
guns and butter Zambrotta oh oh he
sounds like a geez No
come on oh my that's it that's it ref
done I didn't get locked what that I
didn't get blocked again done it's done
Oh ice came over it's done boom breath
blow your whistle
not us at all you underscored it it's
gone they need an open goal you and this
what is it about man come on
look what 32 shots look where some of
them are from right that's over you're
in 2008 now we're going to go try and
play FIFA Street which I have also never
played before so interest it's going to
be terrible with lent out justice
channel chat on the description or in
his channel that's what they made for
watching and Su oh but matches we are in
to the playoffs I got some tough
opponents here I got Istanbul I got soul
I've got Beijing but we are the
buttmunch
