yo what's up I am back I went to
insomnia I didn't upload yesterday
because basically I lik she didn't get
our bed the whole day but we're back
with ultimate team I have asked you guys
who to buy you guys have told me that
you want me to buy an Oscar for Sue and
Ramirez for Flint so Oscar done
Ramirez done and we have a free gold
pack which I am I've done a wire bother
showing you these so now my team looks
like this and I'm pretty certain a
person who told me to do that the
Chelsea fans because now I have Chelsea
Chelsea Chelsea Chelsea Chelsea Chelsea
and a few others so four games left in
this division I'm playing to today if I
win both of them I get promotion let's
see what I can do
why is that what was that oh he's made a
mistake he's made it was a new post oh
my Dave play stop hitting it whoop up
what oh my days Rooney why is nothing
happening in this heart please play come
on nothing is happening if I let go Lynn
he's done with Dave get rid get or get
rid cake run run nope that's not running
you know you're doing the opposite of
running where you go I sue this true but
oh what thought how there was no way
that I can get that much power and he
still saves it on a serious note if I
don't actually win this game I am gonna
be so pissed
Wayne you haven't done that much for me
man please can you do something I'll
take a corner because corners corners
bingos Scott Oh win so many Wayne Wayne
Oh Oh rainy beauty yes my voice is going
going gone pause and turn up when just
wait okay I said Wayne and done much for
me he's just scored two goals in like
two minutes I am getting promoted today
unless he doesn't kick off because then
I'm not getting anything done today it
is fully desert that I am winning this
game this guy isn't very good and he's
left he heard me I am sorry that I
insulted him too much that you left but
that's one game done I have three games
left and I need one wins so hopefully by
like the end of this episode I should be
promoted I mean next episode I need one
winner to to get the title that should
be easy unless he has a sweaty ass
Bundesliga team now come on Simon I can
beat this I can beat that we can do this
we can do this come on we can do this we
go dude
boom no I told you skull with every
single whether we can't do this we can't
we can do this play play okay let's -
what's out there's across where there's
no one in there this change player oh my
gosh no no look at that paint no do not
get up oh my god oh fuck is that how is
he doing this how do not go down Louise
no one doubts keys to good I'm too no
doubt I have I'm fourteen minutes in
Wayne if there is a time to score
free-kick it's now please please
how does it come I can't be anyone for
them oh my no wait wait what's up
once I just keep going Ron Diego Diego
Costa he's good man one boom no I don't
feel it's not good come on give me a
give me one God there it is no like seen
you I've seen you oh he's off oh but
he's still going go Ramirez Reverb been
bad please my voice oh my god he lives
yes through one shot and oh thank you
guys finally again it's poor 5th minute
if I can get crossing here no no no
please I just need one shot one shot no
surely no Ramirez no ok corner point for
the mini though this has to be a goal
this if this is a goal I have a chance
at this game it's not a goal that's
halftime my voice is gone I can't
communicate to the players on the pitch
you know they can't hear me I can't
shout loud enough oh my god that's the
pelvis yeah yeah please Oscar please
please yes no no yo Oscar oh my god oh
my God he's mugged me all of he's mugged
everyone else and they're too cold I
don't know how I don't know how his
mummy or so badly but I'm getting
royally shat on right now and
ow please please please no wait oh I'm
done oh no my control is off I am
actually done I've lost this game like
there's absolutely no chance of me
winning this but if I can at least get a
right why there
why not the simple parts look I'm
finally getting some nice play and I
still miss Diego Costa Connie a freaking
barn door please please please how has
he saved that I think this game all this
game has taught me is that wine and
fella is the best goalkeeper in the
world and as Pele aquatic can't shoot
and there it is the final whistle for
Neil for Neil that just wasn't my game
it wasn't my game I like he didn't even
have more shots than me do no more shots
on-target than me I just don't know what
went wrong but that means I have two
games left and I need one win to get
promotion two wins to get the title
I have 13,000 coins let me know you want
me to buy the most liked comment would
be the one I choose if I win the title I
get 11,000 if I get promoted I get in a
half thousand if I just stay where I am
I get 6,000 so bear that in mind I
should have at least 19 thousand coins
latest episode that's all for today
thank you watching sure right so as I
said before we are going all-out attack
let's go come on come on how's it goin
how's it
no no oh no oh no oh you sweaty sweet
bitch I don't even know if he knew who
that was right as a hundred pounds to
charity huh I need to score
nice like two goals yeah
