could this be the end no because I would
actually do one more episode after this
but this could be very nearly the end if
we can win both games today we need one
more point in our final game three games
left seven points needed I know what's
gonna happen we were in this position
before I'm gonna lose my first game and
the dream is over we can just do our
best that's it the top comment was to do
what we said last time where we put
hunter into can we buy son for left mid
hazard up front the issue is that only
you guys remember that we don't have
enough money
wait 120 K okay 116 K that that is the
one we wanted 110 K that is the one we
want the hazard is a striker now that's
the one that's gonna cost a lot that's a
hundred K 345 350 390 can't afford him
saying that we can actually sell ours
for like 60 K so up to 310 we still
can't afford em we have the 87 rated son
who sells for 135 K so if we did sell
them both we could probably just buy
hazard we couldn't buy them both right
now really sucks does this so close
there is nothing more to say we're going
into the games we're playing these two
games if we can win both the next
episode we do could potentially be the
last I think it will be anyway the new
FIFA demos out in a bit and I don't
wanna play this once the demos out
alright first game here we go
no he's got a purple hussars and he's
got the one too what that is ridiculous
all in forms plus an orange plus a
purple plus a black there's a normal
goalkeeper but you know what I mean this
team
it's just Chelsea it's just Chelsea
remember that Simon its chatter but it's
a damn good Chelsea team please ez game
ez games that's what we want all we want
is an easy game oh my god we're already
losing we're already losing we're
already freaking losing wow wow what the
why are you passing it there let's go
bang it that's a goal that was so far
white what I've learned so far is that
Sanchez lets me down wow wow wow how am
I losing to Nu the same thing is
happening right that happened last time
I was in this position the team honestly
he turns to utter rubbish you know what
we're gonna attack in that's clearly not
working I don't have anyone forward
please hunter please please how am I
missing from there as long as I don't
end another goal I have some faith but I
can pull this back in the second off
this is final chance final chance son so
oh wow like that would that we're trying
something we're trying we're trying
something we're trying something boom oh
what the hell is that and how is he got
an advantage brilliant look at my shots
look at look what they're from they're
not even for one of them's far away I'd
normally be panicking right now because
this is like crime comeback territory
what okay good
go canavaro go oh nice well I see wait
pause in oh please some oh one back I
told you guys as soon as it like - no
down a halftime is the comeback score
yeah yeah yeah yeah oh that could have
been it if that was a bit a ball in
right where we going
where do you go from here we pass a
forward like we literally can't lose if
we lose it's over for us so I'm back
post by post but I was the ball why is
it not going to on top big tackle
what a freaking challenge go bang come
on son son Wow we've got an ultra
attacking once we get to like 83 or 84
we'll have to swap to have all-out
attack oh my god this is it is it all
out attack we have to we have to what's
this
okay oh please run run fast I please has
a touch please Jess you mother freaking
loser you're a loser your parents don't
love you it that's really mean that's a
penny now
Riggins oh my god what the hell
that sums up every little bit this is
the most retarded game I've ever seen in
my life yeah
what but you do what you doing piss yo
what so I thought what I told you guys
you're just gonna lose the first game we
shouldn't have either even like Sanchez
that scored that game still on we get a
draw bang all we need to do is win the
next two games and now what would you
mean trying in lair you actually me a
mere disconnect loss the EA gods have
answered the hey gods may have just
answered our prayers we've just we've
just got redeemed we're still in
Division one we're still in Division one
like I know we'd obviously stay in
Division one for staying in there anyway
but that game two can count the teams
were coming up against bloody oh I know
our team is amazing ok so yeah just
carry on ah this isn't a helpful kit is
it that's not helpful in any way I am so
confused with these kits
this is horrible this is horrid UNMISS
Farsight turn in plus it all right turn
up boom please that has to be a goal
that's a goal that's up where's my team
where's my team there's so many players
don't tell me he's gonna catch it hugs
up please please someone put the ball in
the net for me
ah this is actually hurting my head so
much I'm really trying to figure out
who's on whose team oh my god oh my god
put them off put them off you beautiful
man I mean a pen I mean how is a
free-kick I'll tell you what in the last
like game or two I have been royally
fisted just like how how my players are
playing royally fisted thank you son
thank oh my god oh my god Garrard Oh
what are you doing son that's it one
more and then take a touch no don't you
know take such hazard please how are you
not going to second one he was on the
floor you know what I'll take you I'll
take a half time one nil as long as
we're winning there's a chance that we
could win the league the EA gods are
shining down on us and if we can win
this then we will have one more episode
it's all it's all over
please for this oh that was so good
Oh how's he know where to throw their
now how's that work out oh this is it
it's over it's the dream the dream
consider you the dream continue the
dream for for the everyone uh opening up
everything I was about to get really
really sad oh my god we got a chance we
got a chance finesse finesse round like
that don't tell me I ain't been finesse
today do not tell me that I have not
been finessed hard today
answer please all right no way no way is
he got that no no no no Musa Musa Musa
I will foul you before you score that
okay I actually did Palin but it's not a
pen that's what counts
no jump Oh 15 minutes Santa you know
what bang it across Oh God here we go
now we're having fun now having some
real fun ah ah hazard is awful hazard is
truly awful and actually no Sanchez is
worse has it you know what boom that's
that's what I mean like I said hazards
awful we got three goals it doesn't
matter that is that's a win three goals
one of them coming from Hunter and an
assist that's two special packs two
normal packs the main thing though is
that beautiful that beautiful sight
right there four points and two games a
win and a draw I beg you guys please if
you come up against me next just just
let me win just please end my suffering
and there are promo packs a 5k you know
what we're just gonna open these bad
boys we're meant to only open two of
these and to normal but we're just gonna
open you know four of these I told you
guys I'm just gonna open these anyway so
yeah I may as well just battle through
these I'm just saying you know we could
potentially have enough for those final
two position changes all right final
pack we get Martinez might sell ice the
son we have is 135 K yeah we got him
he's like 120 K probably won't so is the
issue but 130k the one we're going for
is like 120 so that one's just a
straight that's just a straight switch
hazard is 350 K which isn't a straight
switch because we could probably sell
our hazards for 60 K you know what i'ma
put them up for sale and if they if they
sell then I'll have them for the next
episode if they don't then I'll just
have to buy them back alright so this is
what we're gonna do because there's we
have two games left of this division
that's gonna be the end of this series
forever you know there may be like a
best-of or something like that but
that's that's the end of the series and
I fail I fail that's it we got to
Division one and that was the actual
challenge we need a hundred and twenty
we'll put that up to one four five and
we're also thinking of selling well you
let's hope you know let's hope that
someone wants to buy him for like 65
we'll put him up for three days as well
and we'll go for 70 K before the next
episode as well
I will go put a whole load of squad
Fitness's on it's been mad but this is
it this is the final episode next one
next time is this is the penultimate
episode and I mean it that is actually
the last ever episode even if I lose the
first game I don't know what to do at
that point
I won't let me know in the comments let
me know what I should do in the comments
once I play the games and it's over
that's all for today make sure you guys
leave a like if you enjoy the series
theme visit know what I mean
