what's up guys and welcome to something
a little bit different now I am playing
Ethan today and what we basically got
the Iman charity match that it makes no
sense but basically what we're doing is
we're playing a game against each other
every goal you concede you have to
donate a hundred pounds to break through
breast cancer hence the pink top
basically we saw Vic starting to pack do
this on minecraft so we thought how can
we incorporate this into FIFA we're also
gonna be going in the same kit a same
pink kit and on all that attack no 5 at
the back as well so there should be a
lot of goals Apple anything as I've said
this is the team I'm using my standard
ppl team there's nothing else to say
about this except Ethernet imma make
sure you put lots of money to charity
and yeah Ethan let's just go so Ethan
let's see your charity team let's see
this oh my days you sweaty bitch right
so as I said before we are going all-out
attack let's go come on come on hazard
go on hazard oh no oh no oh no oh you
sweaty bitch I don't even know if he
knew who that was right a hundred pounds
to charity huh I need to score a release
like two goals yeah see you later mate
no come on Sanchez okay I'll say that
I'll take a corner you know there's a
pool there's a book good oh no no come
on go where it is one all that is on
Japan's to you Ethan
it's what's out oh oh and then you pray
okay I'll do No yeah yeah yeah
this is this isn't working it's kind of
working
I guess it's I don't know who's on my
team who is on my team you know what
frog this
let's just get across it right - one out
Ethan is donating Georgia past the
breakthrough breast cancer go Jack go
Jack oh wow no there's oh my gosh oh my
god
no oh my day nah nah Ethan
yes you sweaty little bitch I need to
stop throwing it good no no no yes
Lori's I'm happy with giving money to
charity but losing to Ethan that Lassa
no plays a big oh my right two
hundred pounds each big tackle no no I'm
losing I'm what'd I just say
what did I just say losing to Ethan that
Lassen oh oh my days
No oh my gosh oh my sides for - oh my
god for - how the hell is he beating me
for - I'm losing for two - Ethan he's
got a corner in the 45th minute and
guess what yeah that's why I knew he was
gonna score 45th minute I just I don't
know what's going on my shots to start
working the annoying thing is right I
can't even say like I'll go up to attack
me now because I'm already freaking
all-out attack how well does he keep
getting through it cuadrado piss off no
no no no no no no I make oh thank you
Laurie please please be on please please
cease he's on yes come up 5-3 oh I've
got this I got this let's 300 pounds for
Ethan come on two more goals that's all
I doing a mini minute free-kick mate
mate that's not how you do on my day but
almost was run
whoa boom that's how you score a goal
even no no no no how the hell oh my god
what the actual noise what not
seriously all jokes aside what the
actual well just happened here look at
Lori's hit that is the weakest shot my
grand marketer safe that they passed and
please be on please be on please
that's a call where we go where we go
season see ya
I'll see you Bob ponies get yeah quick
get out on Macs on run it back that way
you going up but then you pass it in and
then on such as oh don't that is 600
sugar sugar honey ice say this is to met
eaten either do not pick a player on the
line you're a little scumbag but you
know that if I score this is karma if I
score Ethan is a little scumbag Ethan
what the actual welcome to choo-choo
have you go on this game oh my god yes
that's 90th minute that's 95th minute I
have to score from this that is the game
over ready look ready 20 seconds don't
know come on come on man that's it game
7 7 6 I was genuinely expecting like you
know a 3-2 thriller I'm donating 700
pounds which I will now show you here
I'm not trying to show you this by the
way to show you that our we're decent
guys it's just there are a lot of people
that will comment saying like oh they're
faking it they never gave any money to
charity so it's just a bit of fun me and
Ethan thought why not try it we saw Vic
start do it as I said earlier that's it
for today thank you guys for watching
and yeah hopefully you guys donate as
well it's a great course oh yeah thanks
for watching
sure I'm out the fricking top 8 I need
to beat Terron this is actually stupid
I'm on a rampage right now mate I'm on a
rampage boom
there you go Josh look at his
celebration from Josh look at that why
is changing checking out this bum too
easy too easy I'm just like - easy I'm
just saying celebrate we'll wait with
that one
go away and he's got 4 star points boom
15:14 keeper
