what's up guys and today I'm here with
Toby now what we're doing today is
Toby's idea he did it with his brother
Manny the other day which you can check
out in the description it's called the
bean boozled penalty challenge we don't
Pesek aliy totally brought over these
jelly beans and every color has two
different flavors so if you choose a
green one that you might get a juicy pet
happiness or you might get booger flavor
what we're doing is every penny you take
if you score the other person has to be
one of like random choice or if you miss
you have to either I'm scared again
I'm gonna say there's a voice vomit are
you ready for this Toby neither of us
really know how to take penalties on
heads so this could be really really bad
we could just end up what oh please say
your first we have a hamat bowl just in
case oh yeah you ready because I don't
know how you do this
there you go they're on it I've done it
I've done it but yeah good top right I
try to go inside first 100 minutes now
here we go I'm not looking here am I
just goes for that one that's what it is
okay
alright then it just do it I'm gonna
tell you where's after okay
see that's what you needed the
toothpaste one afterwards no turn the
whole game again with
oh it takes a second to kick you up oh
it tastes like it doesn't do anything
for the buzz bite yeah so it tricks you
into biting yeah and I can still taste
the egg I can still taste the egg it is
one old your third pen away go away
again
where you going I'm there okay didn't I
go there no you don't do it again three
times next time that one comes up I'm
gonna make you pay back here we go Simon
Toby we're going to have to pedal easy
to cool you need to score to stay in
this cat just double what I eat come on
ready yeah
okay yeah I swear this binding her first
there's not as except it was baby wipes
baby wipes honey that wasn't that bad
many leftist I know I'm to something
what fine the second one yeah I am
victorious right slice over this power
issue out Thank You Soviet plane but uh
yeah you make love you you know that
might actually be a throwback with all
the ones about right so that was the
beanBoozled pack opening that we just
did not really that was punished
shootout but for you guys watching that
utopian praying for having me and sweet
what the fuck just happened
no no
we're losing I'm losing and there's nine
seconds left there's nine seconds left
and I need a go let's go boom there we
go run Josh run run
five four three boom no no oh my god
I'm out
