what's up guys and welcome to my
favorite football game the game where
every player looks like they've just
found Rihanna's nudes SFG soccer we are
carrying on with the but munchers we are
not doing well because we need to cover
the top eight for playoffs and right now
I'm eight
we got Yokohama this is a big game
because there if I win I overtake them
still don't know who yoga hammer are who
any of these teams are let's go all
right Vic way again right Ethan Ethan AJ
I don't know the thing is every time I
stop playing this game I forget all the
controls Josh no that's that's the
bicycle kick but on oh shit Vic Vic yes
yes stubby no Jimmy no no what the fuck
just happened
no no
I'm losing I'm losing and there's nine
seconds left there's nine seconds left
and I need a go let's go boom there we
go run Josh run run five four three boom
no no oh my god
I'm out the fricking top eight I need to
beat Tehran this is actually stupid I'm
on a rampage right now me I'm on a
rampage boom there you go Josh look at
his celebration from Josh look at that
why is changing checking out this bum ez
2ez 2ez I just I'd like to easy I'm just
gonna celebrate away with that one go
away and he's got four star points boom
1514 deeper one seize him
oh oh oh oh so done gold and if I can
claim that one Josh don't know if you
can do that that's it that's it
Oh JJ yeah final one that's it done I'll
see it why do they run for center circle
I understand right we're back in the top
eight I honestly have no idea how many
games we're gonna play right it could be
15 it could be 30 who knows 16 teams I'm
guessing 15 which means I just go win
this and one more I think
and then I'm safe come on JJ oh no take
your time take your time take your time
lads this is this is patient build-up
patient build-up is what we like where
is it where's my team there we go chip
in ether with the bicycle kick oh god JJ
JJ with the speed Lukas Lukas Josh boom
why have you keep just rating Josh 15
seconds on the clock
15 seconds on the clock JJ JJ with the
bull choose you with the bull turns back
in Pastor Steven Ethan Ethan Bob ah
that's it that's it what is it or is it
what's he doing oh no he was trying to
score a goal I swear somehow nothing
happened and I've slipped into eighth
position go anything who the fuck his
hands the cat I feel like I try and play
actual football too much
this I feel like I just need to like
just run and shoot that's it hustle
anything why am i passing it around
there you go they go boom
Scot lots of finish from Vic yes Nick to
nil mate to nil season I just oh oh my
days Josh you're the new Vick ball what
a finish from Vick Vick is on fire and
strike it cross war choo-choo please
please someone shoot that's it we won
though three net that's our biggest
winner playing ever solid six position
if I win one game I think I might be
safe in the top eight I've got this game
and one more we're playing again tell
stinky third in the league why am i
acting as if it actually makes a
difference
crumpit go on Vick coughing boom right
down the middle
what the fuck just I'm losing pump it
Vic Vic please just come on yes Nick yes
me yes seven six five four three two
Josh let's just scored the winner joke
just look at that finish our amazing the
deflection but I don't care that's it
game right now I'm pretty soon this is
the final game of the division and I'm
in the top eight no matter what after
this game so you know I got nothing to
lose boys enjoy yourself play football
you like to play you know don't don't
worry about winning just play as you
want this is my first real chance Josh
Joe you've lost it Josh or how oh my
days there they are defensive as hell
look at this look how many players they
got back go anything mate look I don't
know where to go you know what let's
just get it in and Mick poor
oh my god yeah that was mad look at that
foot pick top corner okay they can get
to it's one or but can Josh give you
this last chance Josh six five Vic Vic
Gourevitch oh there it is the winner in
the last second it just bitch you just
got yourself MVP may I have it you you
are MVP yo is your champagne how do you
feel who do you want to thank yeah
alright that's okay cool nice one Vic
thank you very much right we're in the
playoffs I'm saving this for another
episode because you know like this is
this is 2/10 top two teams move up to
Division three with that what that's all
for today thank you guys for watching
and if you want to see you the next
episode SFG be sure to leave a like
thanks watching and shoot what's up guys
and welcome to a PES video now don't
click the dislike button just because
this is PES okay because you know like
there's a lot of people that hate PES
but you've got to give it a chance I've
done two ball openings on PES and you
guys keep saying what's the point in
opening them if you're not going to play
so I made my team from those players now
I'm gonna play a game with them online
and I can't see this going well this is
the team I'm playing with I got Melo
Cheerilee Neiman
