what's up guys and welcome to a PEZ
video now don't click the dislike button
just because this is PES okay because
you know like there's a lot of people
that hate PES but you've got to give it
a chance I've done two ball openings on
PES and you guys keep saying what's the
point in opening them if you're not
going to play so I made my team from
those players now I'm gonna play a game
with them online and I can't see this
going well this is the team I'm playing
with I got Melo Chiellini Mandanda
Defoe below the rest of them are so
we're gonna be doing a divisions game we
in Division two 12y know how would you
start in Division twelve you know what
whatever we go we're in Division twelve
we're playing a game let's see how this
goes you're seriously giving me someone
in Division two but this is gonna be
horrible and the players line up on
their first ever game of Bro evolution
draaga we have CF Casteel HL vs york
sheer white what a great day this is I
don't even know how you play this get
okay no okay this isn't this what no
pulse it ah Bowl nice won't forget okay
this is going pretty badly right now let
there's gotta be something I'm missing
right now because I can't get past this
last player this is where we actually
see how to defend no that's not how you
defend block no okay let's find us what
odds were dug one right time to test out
if the mini min to free-kick works we're
going for it we're going for the outside
of the boot curlier you ready
there it is there's the bull what note
that didn't work whatsoever
and he's now throwing got no I didn't he
best big tackle missed go
path and I don't know how to score I
just don't know how to score in this
game I haven't had a shot I mean
shooting probably helps the score and
here's the second is it yep there it is
there's the second goal he just passes
it's so much nicer I mean like I barely
put oh my god
and oh yeah there it is Mandanda he
really feels the goal you know really
stop everything I got I got even quit on
those lighters such thing is just being
a bit too too good you know sometimes
you're a little bit too kid like why am
I playing against someone and see what
seriously I was innocent that as well
why am i planning is someone in Division
two I'm in freakin Division 12 like I'm
in a division you shouldn't even be in
oh my god oh my god
mob lot oh come on doli just freaking
grew an extra 3 feet and just oh my god
that's that's it or is it or is it go no
come on
vive Neil that's my first ever game
online of PES now you know what it's not
what for this oh I got Ibrahimovic in a
ball yeah so we have ibrahimovic up
front and our team spirit is 66 still oh
my god that's probably why I played
someone in Division two I guess this is
why I wasn't searching for division 12
there's no other retailers like me so uh
Game two of Pro Evolution Soccer and
this time it's not a goal
oh he's so he's got a job go and look at
this bad that was a shot oh my god I'm
on the wrong controls Oh Oh No press
through a bun what's ba they won't know
I discard it's gotta yeah no no the
score going to subside run Eber run the
zoo I'm actually through Oh dad
no he's actually gonna go and this one
wasn't upside and yet there's this girl
right before halftime and looks like
they're scripting in this game too
oh no no no no come on get rid grid how
do what I don't understand why my
defenders just they don't work turns out
turns around him he's go round up lose
them in blood compressor run why are you
running
mandis through again and yet there's the
chip yep this guy's sick I told you I
know I said I didn't care about winning
but I really really do oh my god oh my
god oh my god
from Ebro oh oh oh
Boober Boober hey brah just use your
long legs cooking like nine foot six no
no no no oh my god just fluff it and
there's the final goal I don't know how
you tackle how that told you tackle I'll
happily take a draw that's the end
that's it ref ref it's the end Rick it's
the end it's the end Rep
no no no it's just his broke so I've got
the drawler I will happily take a draw
like I was in Division four okay so I
did well even if I did get a little bit
destroyed
well that's Pez that's it for today if
you guys wanted to carry on let me know
in the comments and also leave a like I
need to get better players because the
Ebro is the only reason I got a draw
let's save it today thanks for watching
and soup by the extra touch come on
let's get some movement let's get some
movement again there's the boss there's
the pot though that's not the partial
looking 400 not not to me come on jiminy
Oh game changer lads game changer but oh
come on oh my god this guy just decided
for some reason just to start playing
how is it
