what's up guys and today I am not
wearing any trousers that why okay so
I'm wearing trousers now welcome to your
ultimate team we have sold quite a few
players these are the last few players
that we had to pop on auction so we got
all of these players they're all gone
and for some reason we have three free
gold packs so I'm just going to whack
these out quick because they are
terrible seek nothing back to nothing
and the final pack this is one of the
celebration packs we get old obviously
do some okay no it was terrible
so I asked you guys who I should buy in
the top comment as usual here I will
fill it co Sione and Willie Ann so cause
y'all need we got him we got Guccione as
Willie and now we got both we still have
20k coins left so you guys need to let
me know what you want me to do with them
and good you guys need to like each
other's comments because I think that
was the most liked comment I'm not
entirely sure I got linked that that
comment as the top comment based on
ratings the team now looks like this oh
there we go we got Willie and Christiana
in the team we are looking for safety in
Division three butter yeah they're kind
of tired so we're gonna we're gonna go
the Italian team and we gonna mark to
sip to sumati okay he's got he's got a
bad PSG team liked what what'd I tell
you like wait wait like what like Oh
muttons labor baby to the wide extra buy
the extra touch come on let's get some
movement let's get some movement again
there's the boss there's the pot though
that's not the part I was looking for oh
oh not not to me come on jiminy Oh
game-changer lads game changer but oh
come on oh my god this guy just decided
for some reason just to start playing
powers limits in the come on come on no
don't pull it shut don't pull it what
the fuck no how am I losing this game
it's literally just because I said light
work isn't it EA is punishing me for
me saying like work I mean leaving says
like work this isn't this isn't happen
what Oh doing mere where's the place
where's a bit okay oh no come on
halftime I'm losing to nil I have no
words I mean what that really I'm
getting shuttle as well this is an even
game come on come on come on come on
look at this
look it's lychee why you don't work the
ball no no no no no no no no book ref
send hit wide why do people not send
goalies off Simon if there is a time to
man up and get the courage to score is
now about completely
please Bank this game this game is I'm
not winning like this I'm not even
drawing this is absolutely no charge
there's absolutely nothing to lose just
please please
okay there's one there's one I could
actually draw this please please please
oh my god oh my god this - this - I got
four minutes left and I need one more go
nah no no no no it's full go run play
please
oh my god I was completely dope I was
completely through actually I'm actually
battle I am flabbergasted now I need
three wins at my last five games to get
promotion I need four wins if I want the
title I'm genuinely too pissed off with
the Italian team we're using the BPL
team we've got the two new players we're
going for it really I've never seen
anyone choose to play as just garner
before okay go on
corn whatta plays in Willian what is
debut drops and misses the whole entire
go come on
I can I can definitely win this game I
can just I just need that final pass to
go to my player please please muscle
amor must got really how quick zip is
Tim our day job it's all right you're
like your Ghana and then you have Tim
Howard in gold
go Cole just change player for me go
there you go one nail down cool yep this
game is sick this FIFA is sick Diego do
cuts up bump bird still hot so it's
caught it like their bums players and
stuff but you just want to get fat all
this if it does if that's what you want
then
that's a fantastic challenge season
running through oh okay to corner corner
so please please be a good pool that's a
great ball scuttle
why is he got two mounting gold same
again still same again see skirt Oh
again seize it
oh my days you need to aim for skirt oh
oh but he's always go well no no time
than one nail down this time I actually
should be winning please please please
please turn in oh there you go ronald
putting the pressure on now but can i do
anything with it that's the question
Bank no I can't
Anne to the past is possibly pen pet oh
my god it's a pen please please I can't
miss two penalties in one episode please
be a penalty oh my goodness a pony
it's a penny wave I miss this I am
officially the shittiest player ever
Shirley please please you've got a
delicious play over lets us safely even
display this players majestic turns out
and okay but to hate that finish I'm not
entirely sure how that with him but I'm
gonna take it and then the one - you
want to add chopped or Tim Howard just
really started piss me off
okay as P as being got a pace hall on
the side okay you Fenian just what
dumped change Oh sick go on son run one
final okay or not you know whatever
that's it 93 minutes are done three one
fully deserves as well the next episode
I may get promotion if I can win folks
games but if I don't and I win one then
I'll be on the final episode one win to
get promotion I have twenty five
thousand coins you guys need to let me
know who to buy the most liked comment
will be the one I choose so be sure to
like each other's comments that's it for
today don't you guys watching and I'm
amazed eyes do that all in one breath
thank you for that soup I say please
please be like something to the party in
your Seng please last me up
one foot so I know what Blair came up
hang on I got fucked in the bottom on
I'm a girl all players get June there
are losers class and I get that that's
all oh it's on oh shit no don't worry
about with what you sure I I'm pretty
certain there's
