what's up guys and welcome back to a
discard pack challenge with me and Josh
over there I have perfected this now
Josh you're that side okay yeah yeah the
only look so stupid if this is wrong so
basically what we've decided is every
time there are big packs like today
we're going to be doing our series I do
this he does guess who but you guys
pointed out what you want us to do where
you want us to choose the player that
pops up and we choose stat before
whoever has the highest out those gets
to keep their pack the other player's
discard them so if Josh gets in form
ibrahimovic and we chose defending and I
get a defender he's got discard the
whole pack Josh yes are you okay with
these rules
yes sir Austin sign language to explain
them sign language today there is a 50k
free pack so it's not really 50k is this
a free pack it's very battery but it's
basically the same as if it emulates it
emulated to go pack there are a jacket
also 200k packs so we're gonna be
opening all of them and seeing who can
win come on over get bad packs bad
padlock please EA thanks thanks make it
stay near everyone yeah okay sure oh
shit dope open your purse but what's
that made a that made a dependent okay
just ruin the series I'm sorry I pressed
a VT a lot of energy screen leave it
there was no confirm screen here I
player that popped up even though he's
not my highest rated player crack was
pretty shit my player that popped up was
very lucky though not gonna lie once
what's your defense
so 84 defending mine was 74 anyway I got
to start that Oh is mr. Lilley ogre
series already Wow No
we are gonna go with the stat of passing
okay passing passing very boring stat oh
my god okay I've got Pacolet hang on
go open right party par say please
please be like something's good at
passing and passing last me up Oh one
foot so I know what player came up hang
on I got fucked in the bottom I'm
because of all players yet there are
losers car and I get that that's all oh
what's on oh shit no don't worry about
it what you sure I I'm pretty certain he
done gave you this pack to check
anywhere got some good players in there
too
I have got no one this is the worst pack
out of half decent players in here right
come on
passing 91 fuck off
90 weight on a chair that's my players
oh that player in here that has 91 party
who is this magician
wait what I have 56 party ah you you had
me there I'm looking for Mary Cain mate
I know that was my player yeah we see
the player that pops up yeah yeah 72
parts in I go fucking John Terry game a
little hot fucking 91 party
alright just cuz Josh ruin the first
pack you don't know yeah you know we put
125 k-pax okay just to get out of the
way okay I'm gonna go for you choose the
staff ah pace okay you ready yeah
Open Sesame okay so some fast injure I
don't think I'm gonna get anyone these
please be far be fast I don't even want
to keep that it's annoying because the
other two players in my pack they're
fast my player that I got 67 hey 71 yeah
fucking Didier Drogba V I don't want
this place I don't even want this you
can have this pack fuck yeah well I'll
keep that that that's the only thing
I'll keep right so we have one 100k pack
left and so far
josh has winning one the other hundred
came back
hurricane I have to be more one so you
guys told me to go for something you
know like different so Josh yes we are
going with height get open come on ease
please if I got in for me for now I'm on
tall filet Hall looks up you these
blacks of shit for goalkeepers is pretty
small
oh you've won them the glare that popped
up as a goalkeeper you've won make but
my Heights even you it I wouldn't need
as well okay six foot one yep six foot
and I I had Casillas racquet äj--
that is disappointing now I display
finally shocking Ross came robbed this
this is why I don't play much fee for
you know what you know why it suits
silent photo this car packed challenge
I'm discarding as well I'm joining you
in this guy brothers-in-arms well those
100k packs were absolutely shocking John
I mean just so you got some good plays I
got you for Mary Kay into town I got in
from Harry Caine you are you wanted a
respond is next time there are big packs
out we will be back and I will win make
sure they give us more ideas I like so
more ideas in the comments below thank
you guys for watching that you just
replying and sure you that video too and
it's raining again so I have concluded
I've concluded that it only rains by the
earthís because we got the Train the
other end
well the ratings now it right so I am
back home that was the Brazil versus
Chile game with me Toby
cow and Scott or P Todd huge thanks
adding copper for the ticket to that but
as I said before basically I wanted to
do something real life I've done
anything real life with what a while
