what's up guys and welcome to a
flashback FIFA this is B 407 because
seven is my favorite number that was six
I saw that I saw boiler today is a
head-to-head match
Josh V me why I IV Josh and being a bit
night it because I believe this one
outer I hope from time ago the only
United I'm being Chelsea eight years ago
I'm in Chelsea yeah who the hell is high
wave enjoy who's hired eight say it's
pronounced x8 Hines eight five beans are
you got so hard
I have Robin I thought he was already
like sixty years old actually my team
how it is that no idea what to do this
is purely because I can do this I'm a
change of my my bright back its best
night wait together oh my god run back
on peers to what is good while is so
blurry okay what it's buckled oh oh oh -
Tenjin just hold agent oh no what
okay oh dude oh ah oh
if you know I scored this make long
shots go straight go right I go get
crippled guy just holiday just talk just
hold there you go got the ball world
gonna go go ruin it is terrible this is
not a Disney how do we think this is
good but I'm not smiling
oh you can't change made us sick that's
how you play you really shot fakes on
this game anything skills on this game
yeah they're not in this game Ryan I
just don't do anything give him the
image of Thomas go on to speak he's in
the goal he's in the goal oh my god
changing boom what's wrong with you I
don't know there's a separate school
button I think they might be attacking
it like a combination but I think oh
there you go oh what the
there you go where did my team go
frou-frou keeps oh I don't know how to
defend where is the time sonic it's on
your watch I found it oh you're
distracted it's 20 to nine for the
weapon try to shoot my usually on yes oh
oh you don't choose celebration I do
that okay you did that it's an
aspiration little celebration was it do
any forego I need to turn around
this is busted here we go let you're out
there you can get when you wait no you
can't get like this angular you wanna
take it you wanna thank you
now go there's no way to stop you like a
new run and you just think near the guy
I'm controlling I can't change player
there's gotten our there's orbiting
platform force
LT there you go see mad it is paper mad
don't need paper what's going what's
gone very nicely because place brother
know what I think it is just it's one of
those ones where we just play into it
all comes up I'll take a black heart I
Oh HHI don't comment come in break your
leg
oh you're mad get there get red
whoa this is a gold this is the gold
this is the gold a movie waiting ball
going lap up lap top
yes Yoko was crap anymore and if I
remember that high school sickle school
no man I'm stopping you again I'm gonna
bet your go go then straight out that
come on oh I'll go sit goalie no you
said he was shit earlier how much
tighter if I got to score a goal I need
to know how I need to be you know one
where they just give you a ball and you
just choose where you want it to go you
mean another fever where you literally
just have a ball and you just put it in
the top corner no I have never seen that
much that's like fever a nine or
something oh here we go
I can't attack all right you speak too
soon all this oh oh oh
it checks good I don't know I think
you'll keep your nose he's nice gun why
he just knows oh my god I'm sorry Mike
come on eighty three minutes your bad
head his head his head US head his head
aside us Frankie go he's on break it up
board
see that car nah I'm getting that I mean
you're cut I love them that that cottage
with Buckland laugh oh why do I pass
there well that's game let's get up one
okay fine things that seems beans of one
God time fuck off I've won the game
cheater
my god even playing hey you guys I've
got it you're not out rose yes thank you
guys what are we playing oh fuck we are
the voices below something the Rogers
blow the hope anyway sighs all FIFA oh
seven we're gonna go play fifa Oh six
ball DeVos six World Cup on josh's
channel and I'm gonna win again get one
that's all for today thank you guys
watch it and sure even he looks bored of
this not stop stop stop stop stop stop
no one away
I don't want you I don't care who you
are I don't want you if you're not in a
black ball I realized I don't have a
goalie any
because I quick sold all of them so
we're gonna get goalie oh dear
who's this Ben Foster No
