what's up guys and welcome to a heads
pack opening now I can't please everyone
a cap from one of these before some
people didn't like it a lot of people
did so I'm doing it again now I realized
a mistake I made don't get on your high
horse and be like oh that was obvious it
wasn't eating dinner pack opening and I
got pretty much identical players for
him and it's because this thing Niort
says that I can only get special players
so there's a very limited amount of
people I can get in that hence why I got
the same players so today I'm opening
these these these and these I'm gonna
start off with the forwards so who's
ready to see my balls these were these
are the ones I meant these okay confirm
come on black ball black ball give me a
black nope obviously he knew Jean looks
like my granddad and if you're wondering
why he's in that kit in every other
players in that kids cuz that's my kid
black balls black boys what you're gonna
do what are you gonna do when they don't
give them to you get it gold gofal give
me a black ball please please keep good
new people stop stop got that border
board come on please forward come on
please please please Adebayor even he
looks bored of this stop stop stop stop
stop stop stop
no one away I don't want you I don't
care who you are I don't want you if
you're not in a black ball I realized I
don't have a goalie anymore because I
quick sold all of them so we're gonna
get goalie
oh is this Ben Foster no Netto
his name's not actually net oh it's net
zero cuz that's how many goals you're
gonna score love fuck is this tender
rural are can rule are oh my god he is
one scary-looking motherfucker I just
want one blackboard who his head looks
like it's got leaves on it yes rebel
Blair Borna goalie come on I got man
dander he looks so sad like he look like
even his lips are moving like he looks
like he's about to start crying
you know what my aim today is is to get
a black ball on all four of these so
I've got two already defense is next
that was easy
oh my god that was like and literally
without Shalini yeah that's actually
good in PES that's gotta be chilly no
one else has a nose that big a sick
extra front man the niggas Alec is in a
band right so all we need now is a black
ball in the midfield
we're first which fielders not a black
balls what Hector come on I just need
one black boy in midfield and I'm done
come on
ears up forehead and a half more zero to
be you know he sits back he helps
NetZero you know come on really
I got one of the Beatles one freaking
ball away please please please please
please listen these tunnel as you
complete it we've completed that's the
blackballed us the McGruder sch√ºrrle I
think it's not a bender it's not just
FIFA that mocks me our sick bumpers sick
for in your sick joke sick you just lost
me the game Josh
what the fuck you doing
I am not doing well in this league okay
come on Tianjin if I don't win I even
know who they are
come on his name is Wang and a pawn no
no Ethan eat yes hurry patient build up
