no girls what's going on and welcome to
shocking football yeah but that's
football
that's why I called it that please thank
you I'm joined today with maverick
wolves if you don't know them check them
out in the description below what we are
doing today is a game of PES me of the
you for the first half and evu for the
second okay now have you ever played
pets
I haven't actually no no no why not for
a long time so I have so I have the
advantage so I'm gonna have a slight
penalty in that I'm wearing the tens
machine so we don't have to have that
you don't have to have it though it's
just an excuse for a quickie no it's
during the game oh yeah no yeah I'm
gonna be wearing this during the game
and you're gonna be in controlling for
the first half trying to help him win
okay then you can just leave it on the
whole time that the glitter I get to do
every one right well yeah but not just
like leave it on and then just drop the
pick this is the post 2018 demo by the
way which if you didn't know it came out
like a few days ago so you can check it
out make sure you download it to do this
we now know I chose you guys cuz you're
not you did every time we come
I'm gonna be okay it's the demo okay
okay no and we said because we'll
probably sweat whoa I was in front of
the gold like this and you did it my mom
went there and I couldn't move
okay
understand okay now I don't like this I
was actually know this was a terrible
video I did terrible can you high up in
school
you understand my pain now yeah to be
fair that was hot yeah I'd like to
extend my apologies for how I treated
you although I had a lot of fun doing it
right we're gonna end it there for
shocking football that yeah never needs
to be done ever again it really doesn't
that all what we need to do is like a
tube into yeah so that you shot me while
my pops in my beeper that's a good idea
so if you want to see that make sure you
leave a like lychee check out the Pez
demo make sure you check out these guys
channel and subscribe boy over there
were also gonna go do a video on their
channel as I said it's gonna be a
football challenge challenge challenge
so yeah make sure you subscribe for them
let's watch it please I mean Graham I in
no scene man on my circle that's my team
if you wait there more time you can fuck
off my Knock ever an x-man scream imma
through this team that I'm older I
surpass hundred thousand soul told my
manager fuck this job I'm gonna take my
chance on a roll
