what's up guys welcome to the discard
pack challenge with me and Josh
one of these ways only way you are I am
this way that way what we're gonna be
doing today is opening the 350k packs
and it's basically going to be like Top
Trumps where we choose a staff at this
time we choose beforehand so for example
Josh we can open a 15k pack now okay
twelve ins as we choose the stat so this
one is going to be shitting whoever has
the player with the highest shooting
gets to keep their pack go opening over
to me right over okay so this is she
shooting this one is shooting don't skip
it's all good okay so mine is 75
mine is 80 if they go by it your pack
mind that my pack has got so that's how
it works but this time 50k packs right
so pack one would you want to go for
Josh chooses no choice
oh I go first okay that's going of it
let's go a physicality go peg come on
come on sit you miss don't want to be a
bad decision to be a bad decision if you
get an informer and it's all after
school oh very oh you're waiting a
hatching foods of goalkeepers don't
count
goalkeepers do not count that is another
thing they don't count at all
oh oh I thought you're making all noises
oh listen to struggle in with life now
okay okay I'm ready I'm ready
have you got your Blair idea yeah okay
yeah you chose it to you go first okay
no miss okati 85 Widow winner chicken
dinner
I do anyone good no I got Muller and
Fabregas are you of his right my pack
has no I mean like I have Martens
Moussa last bet you got beaten by a
banal
okay my turn okay okay so because you
got Martin's
and Musa I'm gonna paste cuz I don't
think you're gonna get two packs in a
row go right right for this the other
one come on
no um oh it's no one nail to Josh shit
okay
this is not a good pack my pace is 80
eight nine I was Lee Chamberlain 89 pace
what'd ya say goodbye I got a little
Bendtner as well keeping him but inform
Ramsey keeping him wait he's gone
I can hear footsteps I can hear
footsteps look he's right here oh you do
now where's your hat
goodbye Oh Tyler's back it's actually
jokes because I'm keeping these packs
and I only have three players in this
whole pack I'm implementing my pack as
well
Eli no don't you dare come down again
I've gotta form Anderson because he was
not one of my duplicates Oh to saying to
your friends that I only have free
players in this whole pack I can keep by
right this is a random as hell okay
let's go independent all right give me
that company into mumsley my god
everyone so I'll give it to me but a
boom better been flashing right it's a
terrible pack
defending ya Ivany like good tea fair I
really haven't got like good - all right
good okay
so I guess your first right Sonia okay
defending but I'm role what are the
style and it starts with an eight what
it starts an eight so does mine but the
high or low it ends in a zero 80 mm-hmm
84 know who uniform who's the inform
Fraser for starters for everybody you
can go anywhere hey I literally like I
got an informal one the other one I get
mullah and Fabregas this one I get nail
does bad finally really isn't this
Socrates it's stupid game this is why we
play okay we're working I pepper if
leaders toward my second oh my god I
just know so doing they just want you to
go quick self Foster okay right I'm on
the screen okay
yeah fraser forster say goodbye as 10k
coins may as well i could sell him for
thing to that anyway that's all for
today we also recorded the guess who
challenge on josh's channel which you
can take out in the outdoors in
description that's all the say thank you
John for playing and winning Wow play
you guys watching and see I what the
fuck is this
so I have a free gold pack which you
know you get nothing in just get rid of
that and now I have a mega pack 30 items
I guess I open it I don't want to ruin
this series by just getting a ridiculous
pack but it could okay it was nothing so
doesn't matter anyway and they were all
untradable for fuck sake EA so we're
back with your ultimate team and the top
comment this week was to get Wayne
Rooney
