what the is this so I have a free
gold pack which you know you get nothing
into scare of that and now I have a mega
pack 30 items I guess I open it I don't
want to ruin this series by just getting
a ridiculous pack but it could okay it
was nothing so doesn't matter anyway and
they were all untradable for fuck's sake
EA so we're back with your ultimate team
and the top comment this week was to get
Wayne Rooney up front from my BPL team
no I don't know who you will need to get
rid of storage Koster storage that's the
storage Oh got him thirteen and a half
thousand coins which means I now have 12
and a half thousand coins which you need
to let me know what to do with most
liked comment will be the one I do I'm
in Division three and last time I got
cheated out of a point because I didn't
lose I did I did not lose but now we're
going in against the new team yet oh my
god really
well I guess I'm in Division three I go
I've got to play some good teams there
go some LUMMA dooma LUMMA you assuming
I'm a mess and then I got a score dope
so I can had it but uh I don't know no
no what is oh my god doesn't go
you see that header oh yeah I pass a
bank you serious one good good Oh
mistake made and it's gone to me oh yeah
I got I gotta win this game I gotta win
it he's not that good runs made the
rounds made the rounds make the rounds
later rounds with Ron seen you there you
go there you go Jamelia
no no Jaffe neo just do the skill said
oh yeah oh yeah
Bremen a bang oh my god oh my god it's a
Neymar he just scored up writing what
are you doing actually my defenders are
gone full reach okay okay barb oh it's
your time to shine
come on a barber clamp and I know
buddy's got a corner and I don't know if
I can defend it oh he's got short do not
okay he's not gonna
oh hello net I'm playing against net as
a what though run run oh no no no run
another video it's so bad
there it is halftime it's a very very
even game but I still think I should be
winning or Barbeau Obama bump oh it went
in how their hell did he screw up oh
you've made a mistake he's made a
mistake run above Oh run ah ah ah boom
go bust game 3-1 plays made the same
mistake he made last time or has he boy
we asked Toby oh go away come here run -
run
and there's the goal for one what is
this guy doing to be Nero's away I'm
really starting to get into this now uh
uh ref what you know you're not be from
ago he's gonna score so that he's gonna
score because of that foul that hasn't
been given yeah
no no no oh my
no outside please for 250 how you like
it when I do it huh let's see how you
like it yeah yeah you think I'm passing
it cause I'm not
turns it on my days oh my oh who what
who worked
Maddi this guy's actually good when he
wants to be this guy his guy is very
good when he wants to be but for some
reason he doesn't want to be good or
game
there it is lads there's the first
winner today I'm about to get second you
know what we're gonna try the BPL team
just so I can try out at Wayne Rooney
and the team we come up against is an
equally if not enough that's definitely
better I just want to clear this up I
have never played with Wayne Rooney in
this game so I have no idea how good he
is
oh my days Wayne Rooney is amazing how
was that yellow how is that only a
yellow card I am literally two yards
away from nut Wayne you're taking it on
your debut can he score
yes he can yes he frickin can and there
it is there's oh come on Laurie I am
expecting the shot score here's a very
very good team and yeah I'm not I'm just
you just kind of wondering how long I
can hold out for thank you thank you
weather weather
oh my god oh my god way oh my I know I
held it down but I was trying to tackle
come on
yes he's tried reading it as a mutt well
has it no bump I'll pay the corner and
the Diggle Custer's just mr. Hoge Oh No
there it is there's the point this
minute there's the forty-fifth glory to
God
oh this I made it the last time I don't
honestly know how I'm one oh I've only
had two shots and target apparently he
brings on the guy that I just took away
these scores I'm blaming you guys seize
him until until no please where's up
yourself oh it's going to suggest we
copy
ercel just be coming into a derp and
freaking sporting season since was a
play whether to get back oh no where's
her back welcome the day
just keep burning just keep running
where's the where's the run there was
absolutely no runs I had more runs this
freaky morning on the toilet oh my god
he's about to score he's about to know
okay I am spying to get some space here
I am really signing at some space come
on boss boss was up how I don't talk no
house sees the space sees the Morales
Morales gets saved pleased with that
okay no that's what's up that's what's
up what has it kind of no it hasn't come
on Morales come on boom boom oh you just
that's rellis please be on please be on
please be on please
and the gay man oh my god I've kept wife
on truly that's the end please put this
put me out of this pain please this is
horrible oh no no no no no no that's it
let's game - winds are - that means that
one more win and I'm safe in Division
three and potentially two Y episodes if
I win every game I would be into
division - I have thirteen and a half
thousand coins you need to let me know
who you want me to buy the most liked
comment will be the one I choose hey
guys watch in and see you you have 90
passing Oh season notice oh my god wow
there it is one-nil us a nice gold it's
not a good start - wonderful what's
gonna happen with me in my video come on
that's not gonna run straight forward
like I never ever do that
there it is there it is good how do you
do oh yeah there's a race card but the
road turn are you here
