what's up guys and welcome to a new kind
of video I'm playing Jesse like normal
but it's not the normal pack and play or
anything like that today we're doing an
Instagram challenge where on my channel
we're gonna play a game and every goal
she scores against me I have to
Instagram whatever she wants me to then
I gonna play on her Channel and it's
vice-versa so any goal I score she has
to Instagram what I want I'm not really
sure what she's gonna make me do you're
gonna do mine first then hers
so check hers out of this cuz you know
like I'm gonna make her fucking do loads
that's the body for this the team I'm
using is why standard VP LT which I'm
sure you guys know by now I've got
man-of-the-match opponents that have a
query this time nothing to explain at me
it'd be Jesse let's go I just I can't go
defense it that's one thing you need to
know a case if you're wondering why I'm
not defensive that's why Jesse let's go
okay let's see the cake
see my team's not as good as it normally
is it's not as good but it's still
pretty good they're all packed pool like
I only use them because they're pack
well you guys have made a match
beautifully Oni almost powerful probably
cuz you can't purchase them I'd imagine
alright well when I say powerful what I
mean someone else pack called it and
then I oh yeah for some reason in every
challenge that I've done this way it's
been a rainy pitch I don't understand
but I don't think that the world wants
me to score on people and so I hope I
can still do out here I'm gonna try well
I'm just gonna pop the bus yeah I love
it that's not allowed no I'm good in
yesterday's a great passer in some high
passes di Ettore really you have 90
passing Oh Jason
notice Oh Oswald Wow bonus one day us a
nice goal this is not a good start -
wonderful what's gonna happen with me in
my video oh come on that's not gonna run
straight forward like I never ever do
that
there it is there it is good how do I
look yeah my heart is already scarred
but the words turn out of you here it's
the red dress I just tried to bully you
it doesn't even matter I taking pictures
today that's I don't need the defender
yes you will ha ha yes you will I'm not
taking any art I know ok wow they are
seasoned yeah these are possible uh
Oh Jack come on I feel fine that's fine
just you know did I even try sorta sport
you don't need to yeah yeah Joran
booting what no no oh great oh oh yes go
ahead but no my oh my god no way
disgusting Casillas oh god thing I'm
asking this one time oh my god
oh no twelve seconds later you're joking
you're joking this is gonna hurt you
this is gonna hurt this is gonna hug oh
my god he just jumped there you're so
cool this is how I make friends the
French bitch oh good tug bitch I don't
understand I dogs in I'm poison that's
shit salted no I don't wait no I know
thank you
they won't FIFA please get somebody get
the put what can I be even pass it I
don't even know what's going on now I'm
gonna bring in river II I'm out to bring
him in this is too much this is too much
right now let me get this ball I'm
making it happen you're bringing on
ribboning now I'm bringing on rib√©ry on
a scale of one to mad how mad would you
do for school I'd probably be like a
seven I wouldn't be mad but I'd be a
seven so dealer seven they're really
seven how did you score that so you're
seven right now how did you even
remember playing Fifa come on I just
can't
Simon I get what into my defender does
that like a BOGO another gonna be sick
come on Todd no one will go get it wait
wait yeah get up thank God
how about how about you do they must be
imagined to be attend yeah yeah Wow whoa
coughs ugh three-nil alright well um
yeah I don't know what to say right now
because I have zero Justin's working
I've even had the opportunity to take a
shot I'm just gonna start taking long
shots okay so how mad you be at this one
no nobody else beat the shit out of me
this badly I don't even at all oh my god
what happened
oh my day oh my god you just make me
fail you in all my days please way of
them I can't do anything oh dear oh dear
oh my God God you have so me but oh no
oh my god how did you know who are you
widow Oh baby I'm so happy about that
that is all I wanted I didn't either one
I need to let you do one subtly touch
your nipple and say I'm doing frisky
right now okay no more goals no there's
gonna be tons more now this I've got it
I've got now got the momentum you know
how keep it changes and once you score
you yeah then I could I can I can change
it back two minutes please
there you go there you go come on
smooches two minutes to do this oh go go
go go go go come on join in
oh my god oh oh oh there it is no one
wins leg that's it you didn't know it's
go to Ricky okay for Zayn
I have time I that's gonna be it that's
good oh my god I'm not over game over
what a loser is not make sure that
wasn't terrible but I'm only gonna let
you do one pictures well right so that
is a me making a fool of myself if you
want to see Jesse make a fool of
ourselves you can take out in the outro
in the description or just on her
channel you know like I get to make her
picture every single
let's go which is gonna be like one as
well I promise you guys it's gonna be
one people were gonna unfollow you
because the spam that you're gonna poke
Oh what do you think you'd be like
sticks well that's all today thank you
guys watching - I think I think we're
gonna start off easy on this one and
we're gonna just go for the picking the
nose you know like dinner's almost ready
that's gonna be the cup oh my god okay
okay hold on let me get this
