Pez that's right I'm playing Pez fill it
while I'm not glampers I'm doing a Pez
pack opening flash full opening cuz you
don't open pace you haven't balls
basically a lot of people told me to do
this so you know I thought I try it so
the way this works is you get a
percentage on the right which I'm
showing you now that shows you the
percent of what you're gonna get that's
about it that's all I'm gonna explain
now I know I know I know I know a lot of
you alive
what the were you and Pez but fief
is so bad right now
I need to keep mixing it up I am opening
my balls field all right first one here
we go
I have no idea like what goes on here so
let's just see what happens right stop
okay so there's some balls I want the
black board space that's what it what my
same
one off don't know that is who is that
who the hell are you Joe Weller why am I
getting Joe Weller Dennis Suarez for
Sevilla FC why you know source alright
so now every time you open a pack the
percentage goes up so the more packs you
buy the better players you get a planet
it makes sense like people don't do that
you know you could I'm not I'm not
trying to sell Pez to you again but FIFA
you could open two hundred packs and not
get anyone from close not get anyone
good Who am I gonna get I'm getting a
play okay he's a black player or you who
are you Coulibaly I don't know any of
these players to be honest my knowledge
of like lesser players is so bad
Guerrero this is one this is one where's
the black ball where is it all right now
Wow why does it is random I'm pretty
certain it must be random because that
one took a lot longer to stop is that
Rolando who are you nailed it
is this gonna be the first black bull is
it gonna be the first black bull this is
gonna be the first one no no let's go
black bull but who is it come on
not gonna lie don't know if he's good
come on black balls
give me your black balls nope you don't
wanna go right just continue just keep
going alright yeah just a standard
player SiC who are we gonna get
miku you know what i'm genuinely not
saying this to like brown-nose PEZ okay
like I swear on my life
but I actually think this animation is
better than the fee for animation for
pack openings you know what you're
getting you know the percentage chance
to get in it you know it's like you know
the players straight away obviously
fever has things over PES but I
genuinely think this one thing if I get
a black ball back I take it back why am
I getting me in a pack black balls clack
balls what you gonna do what you gonna
do when I get a black ball ah please why
is agonizingly close every time so what
I want is there we go there we go he's
got black ball a blob or if he's run
he's not running so I know he's not like
insane he can still be good who's that
Felipe Melo Pepe any bald player that I
know Felipe Melo I got it 88 rated I'm
taking that this is the one you ready
for this as soon as it okay and now you
ready this is the one this is the mother
fricking where'd it go why'd it go over
there okay we get Victor Valdes Victor
Valdes a goalie we haven't got a goalie
yet so that's alright please please
please please wait as well as well one
more model okay this is the one this is
the one run please he's not running he's
not why are you running who happy with
it louder than that not located please
we're gonna yet please be a black ball
please please someone sick three two one
who are you
I have a 21% chance to get someone over
80 okay if I don't get is I'm a slap
myself fuck's sake really good
ow 22% chance now if I gotta get someone
surely surely give me come on keep going
no no really Oh what you know now you
just now you're being me by their logic
one in four packs I should get black
balls so this is like my fourth look at
their logic kind of work it kind of
works solving I I don't even know who
Thornton is and I know there's gonna be
a few people huh how do you know no you
thought it is why would I know who he is
it's not like I play football games for
a living oh my really in between two
black holes
okay now pads by your logic I should get
a black ball because you know I Oh put
okay there it kind of works you know
they actually kind of do give you like
quite realistic odds jermain defoe I
just can't have someone called oh dear
in my defense you know like that's just
us just asking for trouble
Oh John Terry passes to Odie IDEs a goal
Oh No don't off okay we got a black
ball on the last pack as well who's it
gonna be don't know really on my last
theory no I lied I lied we've got one
more pack we got a black ball again why
are they never running why aren't you
running bigovich
I mean I know you got 44 pace book come
on right so that is a Pro Evo pack
opening slash ball opening to sound some
strange anyway if you did like you let
me know where they like I'm happy to do
more pairs I'm happy to do more FIFA I
have to do more of the SFG soccer let me
know what you think in the comments
thank you guys for watching and shoe up
get up
Ethan take him down take it Ethan no
come on make a big tackle big tackle
where is it that it he's won it this one
look at the celebrations they go wild
yes Vic
yes Vic Vic oh go Josh go Josh play past
Vic come on now
oh my god amazing
