so FIFA's pretty and even though I
do enjoy playing it sometimes it gets a
little bit frustrating the EAS I saw a
video from a juror on earth don't know
who he is
check him out the description like he is
jokes and I kind of wanted to follow his
steps in finding the next game that is
the fifa killer so i've searched far and
wide across the export market place and
I think I found the fifa killer one on
one sucker
look at that simplicity looking for the
championship we've got a we're going
alright next Ivory Coast I this this is
better than be a pro look at this look
at the heads I can choose now go and
read that be a pro I it's time to play
Ivory Coast let's go come on where we
going oh look at this oh this is like
the old peepers where it's actually fun
oh wow the log god yeah I think I might
actually be amazing of this genuine the
arm up are you serious a nice Errol go
he's stronger with a minute left eat go
there's no celebration in this game you
know they don't care about that they
they are all about the game but like the
way they've made their characters is
slightly racist you know they kind of
just made the Greece guy very tan why do
they pull such weird faces when they get
stood up like they'd look really
satisfied with themselves okay so now
we're in Chile apparent this is this is
what you need looks like you remember
the days in FIFA where you actually
score goals like the games would end up
like five or stuff like that every game
this game provides that ten six what
well ten seven now you know like that's
actually interesting scores oh my god
this guy's that Italy I'm what that bow
where's my spring okay that bar at the
top is his spring that bar is my spring
I'm literally getting raped right now
this is horrible just when I thought
this game was sick you know then you
play against Italy okay they don't mind
no I know 30 seconds left 30 seconds
come on come on let's go wins pretty
much oh good one yes yes come on
twenty seconds please
I don't know no no I just caught it oh
go oh my god tunnel boom go go go
yes rope just defend defend come on Otis
defensive part of us part of yeah we
just ran at me part of us part of us
come on it's gonna go good to know they
think Russia and Chile are the same
though that's that's one thing I like
about this game you know they don't
discriminate oh we got our John Cena I'm
playing against Messi
well guys it turns out I wasn't enjoying
the game so much I was just more
enjoying the winning never play against
Argentina so I mean that's one-on-one
soccer but I don't know if that'll
really kill people you know it's it's
got some good qualities and I probably
had more fun just then than I did in the
whole time I played people I think I
found a game that actually could compete
with FIFA that that one you know that
one maybe up there this one is
definitely a contender SFG soccer that
you got exhibition you got practice
Uganda you got practice on people he is
either a loner or he is flying when have
you been able to do this on FIFA ready
but I mean you got all of this you can
even change formation look look at that
everyone plays Ultimate Team like this
this is bringing back career mode I'm in
a league it's that Paul Yokohama Bombay
oh my god you can edit the players
welcome to buttmunch as FC now there's
only six of them in the sidemen there
are seven and as I am the manager
you know I'm decided to make them the
rest of the side man so we got Toby and
gold black goalie
we got Harry in defense Ethan in defense
Josh midfield
JJ midfield and then Vic up front right
let's play the first game in this
division the only problem is I don't
know how to play this
go on Ethan go on and then shoot JJ oh
they can't design your life oh my god
Ethan's you see all right why are they
chuckling like that no get rid hold the
bicycle get clearance now you just take
them down Ethan get up Ethan
take him down take it easy no someone
make a big tackle big tackle where is it
look isn't it he's won it this one look
at the celebration they go wild
yes Vic yes Vic Vic Oh
Gor Josh go Josh play boss Vic come on
now oh my god of vision
sad day lads Istanbul have conquered the
mighty pot lunches
look at this fix through bomb house love
you bud school don't you miss that JJ's
through JJ scores stop Gordo the Papa
just win one celebration this stuff hey
okay that's looks kind of weird oh my
god they're just scored in the last
minute they've scored well I say the
last minute this game is only two
minutes so it's not hard I have ten
seconds this is like basketball oh my
god they played it go go go JJ go go go
to Jay no go JJ no with the flips
negative limit of it look at of Liberty
Vic look at this is the beautifully
caresses forget that around the goalie
oh the crowd go wild do you see the
smiles on their faces that's it done
done celebrate lads
you even get this this is my old FIFA
you actually get to increase what you
want imma leave it there today this game
is so sick right now bottom up to the
seventh in the league don't worry I'm
not gonna stop posting fever okay I'm
still posting fee but just you know I
need to find something that's better
than it because there's so much wrong
with and I think I found that that's
over today thank you guys watching see
ya ladies and gentlemen all the way from
Jonesy
we have register yay wow wow wow me why
do you want to see some omen Harry
everyone wait Harry what's your pose
name okay dead man's name dead man
JJ's are playing Harry sisters all
