what's up guys I'm welcome to your
ultimate team again things are going
really weirdly in this series because I
kind of get a team of you guys straight
away tell me to change the team by a
player you guys tell me to sell those
players I sell those players and you
guys tell me to buy them a few episodes
ago I sold the dog hog bar
Everitt loads of players top comment
today this I made a big deal that I was
gonna do over the top come it was so
there's Pogba ball and there's Vidal boy
so that's the new Italian team but I
don't know what you guys are doing now
we also have the free gold pack which we
get every now and then I'm not really
sure why but I haven't got anything good
from these so I don't I don't know why
even show you guys they're mine okay
that's a bit better so we have our first
games in Division three we are close to
that Division one title once I've done
that I'm done this series is complete so
two games today hopefully I will win
both I'm gonna have to use the BPL team
because javi neo is injured let's see
how we can do opponent numero one with a
ridiculous BPL theme mixed in with
Sergio Ramos what the fun again I think
Division three is gonna be a little bit
harder than the others especially with
lag look at look at this horrible like
oh my god this is this is gonna be bad
okay come on come on first jobs first
jobs with the lag no wow okay there's
not much I can really do when it's
frickin lagging all over the shop please
please please
alright so I don't look but no you
costed Diego good the bomb come on
oh my gosh Oh Matt no no it's so hard to
tackle someone when they're running at
full speed with lag OH Morales play fast
what the fuck is that
okay no no oh right yeah no oh my god
this is why I mean this do I mean he
just runs in a straight line and then
lady's gonna is going to turn I know
he's gonna turn back oh my oh my
goodness my goodness gracious
oh please okay going quarter to oh oh oh
oh my god Wow halftime somehow I'm
losing he's had one shot on target and
he's winning the lag does not help see I
could just like you know just run
through everyone but it's just the one
about until you know until I need to I
just I just can't and then I caught
school see the gaps in the gap bottom up
what about please please please no no no
let's look ref ref good please no please
please
there you go the lag who makes it
impossible to judge where the ball even
is please Morales Morales gone come on
you're being caught by SP whoa oh no oh
my goodness no going to go corn okay I'm
going for the pen go for the pack really
how does he keep getting through here oh
please please scuttle stuff do not be a
pen Shirley Shirley please just run just
run
where's someone in there get in get in
get in
there's book us o go just storage now
defend for your life Simon this is his
last chance this is actually his last oh
my god
please No No Go Go Go Go Go come on just
hold the ball hold the ball put the ball
number one all right one go Brett play
please go on please leave us nipples
nipples no to go now I'm sorry but I
have to do this okay but I have to win
this game so sorry I am so I'm so sorry
you know what you know what alright I
got this little this
ah boom he's done it anyway he has done
it anyway freakin two one
so first game of division three and have
one time for Game two
III next game BPL vs BPL Mike better
than is that doesn't mean anything
beep okay so we got we got a little uh
we got a little dribbler here we've got
a little we've got someone who thinks he
can dribble this guy is a very
professional player don't I don't know
how I'm gonna score against them I think
I might have to resort to some cheap
tactics
oh no no Charla Shelley Shelley
Shirley Shirley don't do this to me
please please please please please leave
me oh my god oh my god he's doing my
tactic running cross there's actually
nothing on this guy somehow two stops
everything I don't know how he's doing
it but it's working I just don't see
either of us snoring but there's just no
mistakes being made whatsoever I mean
I'm not even gonna lie I am being a
little bit like dominated but it's not
breaking me down okay this is actually
becoming ridiculous now this is there
this is actually ridiculous I can't I
can't do anything he can't do anything
what's the point in this game you know
what there's just nothing
look what I'm gonna do alright alright
storage start board no why didn't the
keeper dive I'm actually trying to think
if I've ever had an e O'Neal draw in
this series if I have it definitely
wasn't as boring as this game this guy
is like next-level boring nah nah this
Disney fan this needs to end this goal
drought needs the
sighs I've readjusted that okay Shirley
Shirley schuk no do not Brooke no that's
the way that's not the end please that's
actually the Neil Neil Wow
no no no no no no no oh my god it's
gonna give me loss oh my god it gave me
a loss you see I know it's only one
point but still come on this game is so
shit I just want to play and a habit
like a fair game rabbin man that's all
for today
25,000 coins let me know what I should
do the most liked comment will be the
one I choose so make sure you like each
other's comments a guy's watch it hand
see it can you got a lot of work here a
lot of work on mate okay hey hey hey Oh
to kneel only Robby Gina sword
how is this happening oh no oh no we all
are faithful we all love people we Olaf
a phoney Olaf a fellow love people we
all like people so we've made it a half
time very very dull game apart
