top of the morning to you that was
shocking ei have released one 100k per
what is yy1 first you screw us all over
and then you don't you don't even give
us good packs you give us one 100k pack
I'm gonna be doing 100k pack challenge
where I open one pack and I have to
build a team out just those up my
controller
I gotta make team out of just those
players and then I have to try and win a
match in the Gold Cup I only get one
chance list I get one chance at getting
a good team so there are green players
out right now there are some team of the
weeks out let's see what we can get here
we go 100k leaves can I get someone good
please I don't actually know who's in
team in a week I know the green tea
please
Thiago Silva
Thiago Silva as my best player he's
alright but that is not a good pack
again now you may disagree me the best
team I think I can make is this and this
this is shocking and the worst thing
about this is that I kind of wanted to
do this for Paddy's day and I haven't
got a single Irish player so I've kind
of adjusted the rules of this because
I'm only playing for one game I'm gonna
open the 15k pace until I get one Irish
player and then when I get that that
players in my team no matter what
position first pack please can I just
get one now I don't wanna have to waste
a lot of time please no ah really really
you're gonna give me that in the Irish
badge but nothing else one Irish player
and I'm done
one ocean okay we get in form though oh
you know what just cuz that just cuz of
the friggin in form I'm not gonna open
it oh fuck you know I am going over more
packs just what one freaking Irish
player please no one eternity later I
just need one
Irish player this is my last pack as
well oh my god okay you know what we
can't we can't find an Irish player
today you know what fuck this I could
have just bought him for the same price
of the pack he I've got him now I would
just make this completely different I'm
sorry for like changing this video so
much but imma just make it so only
Robbie King in school ah so the game
today is against a pretty good team you
know
okay this be
Servius decent but he doesn't have a
green robbie keane cool cool
ok so round two let's trade us again and
he has it's about the same Asst I still
do with this cuz he doesn't have a green
robbie keane ok let's try this again
gone alright ok there we got no where
are you Robbie Robbie come on man you're
the only person that can school for me
is where I'm a struggle because I don't
have any chemistry hello hello hello
mate gone again well yep play oh gawd
key play min and then run run key no oh
my god go on keen keys Rob keep your job
he's good Johnson goose-pimples oh my
god he is shocking he is he's so bad oh
oh oh what a beautiful goal top corner
and everything come on team look at this
look at this dribbling look at it look
at it look at it oh oh baby so good
though
how about keen is running rampage right
now key and to nil so what cane you got
a lot of work here well a lot of work on
mate
ok hey hey hey go to nil only Robbie
Keane assured how is this happening
oh no oh no no we all are faithful we
all love people we Olaf a phony Olaf a
favela people we all like FIFA so we've
made it to halftime very very dull game
apart from the goals okay so half time
has half time yeah that's oh wow what
defending oh my god please please please
please
come on oh shit look look at him
this guy is disgusting why are you
passing there run run run run run far
side far side seen it seen it good my
God's good with anyone except no that's
the snot King
that's not keen that is phase King Babar
Oh game over
come on come on coach go grab again
again pass ah fuck is going on oh here
we go again ii yo ii yo this wait I look
at court you see that whoa no did you
see that we just let's just stop did you
guys see that
that corner flag move okay okay I've got
a little wooden one here little 101
possibly back Robbie
oh okay sees them in their season cool
Robbie Robbie
Oh thought ten gonna pen is go ahead see
my default player is my goalkeeper I
made a rule to stick into it I've gotta
go with Robbie Keane so for the fifth
goal of the game and just just to put it
any rest
boom goal that ladies and gentlemen is
that that ladies and gentlemen is the
game done it he's done it 5-1 with that
team that team was shocking I don't
really know what this video was I wanted
to do something themed around you know
Ireland or the Irish or something like
that so this this is yeah that was that
that's all for today thank you guys for
watching and see
ah oh you're fancy huh come on kiss me
now oh oh you're not sleeping in our bed
lair
how you doing oh so comfortable at yeah
I don't get it
are you gonna really day even you have
Whitney's email even is the early
