master this is all room for the night
this is the bed this is a spouse
education and even have objects don't
even know you told me to say that we are
not staying the same bed you're hiring
why you looking so grim
what are they Josh I don't know because
this one that's the dinosaur that's a
lion and that's the caterpillar here we
diagnose species with Josh stick it in
your mouth if you stick it in your mouth
stick
that was not me
yeah the only one
we made it through the jungle
interruption so he just went on that was
f/64 just been on that X right huh it's
dark in there yeah guess what what
berries go bear oh it's not a bear
though harm leaning on this wall
yeah my name's Scott whoa whoa I'm
driving so sick oh I need it what is
honest
yeah where are we going what ride is it
where is it whoa okay that's right we're
going on
Wow sir Harry's about the leaves they're
asleep right now yeah I don't know he's
never gonna come back so that's why I'm
kind of normally right now
yeah they can disappear that I'm never
gonna go yes play and then go on swarm
if you don't know by now
they used to people so terrible terrible
what happened this no anyway we actually
are here on our own
actually there's this bubbling around
and we're going on saw yeah this should
be quite violent
mr. quail shit
right so you finish to the park for the
day where for our food then we're gonna
crash out ahead that's the day done at
the park we're gonna go to the hotel now
right here and then we're gonna gap
early get ahead home because we've got
to do videos for you guys I gotta edit
this really right so we are back from
four part we have to leave really early
as I said because I've got to make a lot
of videos today hopefully you guys
enjoyed the vlog and I just wanna say
thanks to thought part for gonna start
with bus number afterwards like the
swarm and stuff like that also it was so
good to meet all of you like let me know
in the comments that's all for today I'm
going to go edit this video thank you
guys for watching
and
