happy birthday Josh I got you a new TV I
know because I just got it for you no no
I just got this D Josh I know you'd be
grateful for this you know it's your
birthday in everything babe yeah but I
can't record this on your birthday and
still get out so I need this for the
tire just accept it just say just say
thank you we can move on yeah you're
welcome happy birthday
so as you can joey is Josh's birthday
today tomorrow whenever this videos
going up today is why it's today it's
his birthday so I want you guys to all
go come to his Twitter and say happy
birthday to him I will leave a link to
it in the description below I want you
to say happy birthday Josh and then a
random compliment like you have pretty
eyes or fluffy beard or something like
that I hope you guys enjoyed this video
it's a montage of the best bits of me
and Josh since his last birthday and
also Josh I hope you have a great
birthday think I was watching enjoy the
Vontae and Bruce sing for the booty he's
like some second Channel Friday party
really that way you guys warmed into
your going for a mini Minter crazy like
JJ you've started off well that is
correct
that is one correct but they do get
harder just the one you know
all jday can rap about is the fact that
our more heavy
jjcc fans got a big belly might not be
like insanely pleasuring each other on
the beach to just keep getting simon and
eventually get on right okay we call
Simon Simon
that was correct yeah I only have one
hand can you do it can you fire it where
you know
I like her she is sexy pull you're going
with you just initial thought yes just
going for it try a new tactic should
probably start with porn but I just
wonder OMFG is luminous all M F G and
then I can speak one word so it could be
om f the first thing that comes to my
motto be a big one Ching Chang wanna if
I witness even if you even if Toby no
just choose one thing Ethan from it's
not telling you that's it was Harry OMFG
is a missile learning is a pitbull
process Rob is it French no no it's not
learning is where the painful process
Spanish does this guy think he's a thug
I'll leave him in a date usually he was
walking around the main I'm sure of age
though Scott then I hit the plays just
looking kind of hairy I think it is a
shave
I'm really well under s am aaron has a
toad rated accident a comedic webseries
which one do you think it would be
honest in this Hensel towels game that
we're playing right here if it's heads
I'm going for a man has a toe relate it
was cows okay so I'm going for a man has
a Toledo how's that word then I just
think it's gonna be an accident and to
prove it three two one idiot breaks his
toe to slipping on butter on that where
you said oh you said fucking toes is
your head awry that's him going over
watch yeah he's running runs refrige
it's going to get himself so drink and
he sits on the bar food doesn't spoil
honey vinegar what√µs Twinkies
I'm pretty sir and I've seen cell but
like used by dates on both of them I
mean vinegar smells pretty rank anyway
oh my go to the team busy fake nah fam
it's real thick smell like these are
quite good actually
they always smell good I don't know it
smells like you ever sound the toilet
with your underwear on and then you
forget that you had it on so you food
yourself earlier than that do you
actually have nice feet do I have nice
feet this is the hashtag with Simon has
nice feet why was it a hashtag because I
have nice feet
oh you have nice feet I'm not going to
show the camera hello do you think we
have another class what's wrong with it
let's cat what is wrong with that yes no
no yeah it's not my face the Sharpie
doesn't rub off odds-on forehead tattoo
odds on drawing on doing a tattoo on my
forehead 19 yeah alright three two one
got this ignore the lawnmower in the
back oh can he get the swish the final
go Josh get an S otherwise I mean
there's not any wind right now there's a
lord mower shoots are you going spam
are you ready three two one we even
short deadly winter school I bet his
teachers used to see how long it would
take we don't really know the rules of
horse or SD MN so we're making out up
ourselves
Josh you know you'll go again he shoots
he doesn't know it's just he's tricked
everyone what happened last night I
almost had to call 9-1-1 on myself I was
laying down naked eating Cheetos
watching porn when all of a sudden for
no reason my dick turned orange that
freaked me the fuck out I jumped up
screaming somebody call 9-1-1 somebody
call 9-1-1 it was embarrassing youtube
who would you prefer to be next to would
you prefer to be next to the two people
I've ever - next to your name I think
you've dated company you want to get
this right yeah fortunately I'm in
calabria you're going to have fun that
means you get twelve and you are drawing
with Alex and Ethan unfortunately it
also probably means I'm going to put you
underneath them the inside line on that
camera I know you might not be seen and
I have to figure this out I'm sorry
that's fine I stick to my finger I'm
sorry I don't work for more than these
guys
listen to my district on Deji parody of
a parody of Twilight drink that's horse
semen so heads it's the first one tower
second one for me rest of this game is
towel so women drinks horse semen okay
well let's see if your tactic works oh
my god how much is that don't tell me
she's gonna choke actually makes me feel
a little bit queasy ah what what's wrong
with you why are just so much in one do
a whole jug of it yeah she's been
drinking ish than she was three she must
have it in stock you ever want to cure
your hunger we haven't we haven't been
to Sainsbury's today anything get your
food watch that video I'm hungry again
now I wasn't while watching it I'm not
like you I don't put mayonnaise on
everything so I'm not gonna see horse
semen next time I see a man I'm not
gonna see a white creamy liquid or minor
food next it's not my forehead look at
the customers look into after he
