what's up guys and welcome back to
another you're also a team I'm trying to
do a lot of these episodes basically
because I've really want to finish this
series and I am so close to the end I
can actually smell division 1 now I
asked you guys why should do I have
45,000 coins and the top comment is my
my comment saying I uploaded Buster what
the hell the next top comment was what's
the difference between Google Chrome and
Chelsea Google Chrome has history unless
it's my computer cuz I delete that after
you know anyway we're in Division 4 we
are going for the title today what I
want you guys to do is I want you guys
to like a comment that tells me what to
do with my 45,000 coins and I don't want
you to tell me to rebuild a squad or
anything like that I want you to tell me
one or two players to buy as I said
division 4 if I win both games I'm into
division 3 with the title we're using
the Italian team let's just go so game 1
we come up against the silver team which
this is this could really aids me out
because handicap is a thing and that's a
really good silver team and rough round
1 kind of mud and boom Oh sugar no
chuckle get rid do it no okay are you
ready for this this is the mini mint to
corner this is new okay if it works then
if not then I won't keep it let you drag
him forward and then boom on I should
have watched the work but color on okay
note that still no this isn't working a
bar bow a bar boat weightless where am i
team oh my god how the hell was he
scored that I was so sure that this was
going off the pitch that the thank you
thank you man he gets he's the real MVP
a bar bow is really causing issues in
this game he's causing issues by not in
signe I have like a four foot striker
gone turn to be up ah okay this come on
this has to be at least a chance at
least the chance that's a great no
that's not that should be half time is
it or is he gonna get another chance is
he gonna get over jobs right flip boom
past good I got it oh yes the Liang two
new up halftime let's go well okay it's
going better than I thought he hasn't
even had a shot
oh my god oh my god oh my god how all my
that defenders deserves thunder but
these deserves a knighthood okay a bar
bow causing even more trouble look at
this really really ah
oh okay didn't want it he didn't want to
tackle me so Wow Martin I know you're
small but you do have a head okay what
the hell what that no no no challenge I
took this this game man I've won this
game
he's literally abusing a horror hall
which I guess is understandable but oh
my what the hell right 90th minute guys
you know what Ashley boom
terrible but I've won he had one shot
one shot it wasn't even on target so
that's promotion I need one more win Z
at a title which is gonna be now so the
team is gonna feel my wrath azide gonna
feel my wrath okay come on Simon I need
one win one win to get the title then
wait Division three and I am so close to
Division one run run run run mutters
near post early goals three minutes it I
told you this division is a my division
that's not good because that means then
that I'm not meant for dodging one
ignore me Normie right now please
oh my dude come on I need to win this
I'm not gonna lie guys I'm I'm pretty
worried right now jump please oh this
guy is genuinely good okay okay okay
King no no to to just anyone
please can I just get another goal bus
pass okay okay and it's go boom and boom
gold that was beautiful I could have
made love to that goal but I need to
stop and stop him stop him stop him stop
him
thank you sweetie go go go go conquer
dokkan coach go conquer run go go go
oh my god please please please part I'd
fuck this I have fuck this Roy what the
fuck got it got it got it
seen him off his line that's an open
block that's a no that's a frickin open
goal of Allah I don't know how I don't
know I admitted like last time I said I
deserve to be winning this time not so
sure come on come on do bi come on do B
oh come on
flame bloom okay let's watch a video
your mud fence oh my did you see that
this deserves a gold oh I'm missing my
blood Norrell still on still on still on
he's panicking
how you gonna miss that oh no that's his
goal you could have passed it in the
past Oh Chris think she's upon school no
no no no no no no I'm done a bitch thank
you thank you and danovich get not a
move you need to move for the ball
please please can I just stop this this
is horrible this is horrible
get rid No
oh my god
plays him and Sydney in Sydney turns
back just two of them Plus this at no
that's thought it's what's out play play
seen him sit him why bypass okay to
adult oh I'm sorry that I'm being
tramping as hell today but I'll only
every road I want to win the title in
just go into Division three shit go oh
my god he's just he's just room to
what's going so well surely surely of
one truly its 90th minute this is for
the title i season sees him fuck is that
that's it surely come on blow you mister
with bloat now I'm gonna have to take
down name I'm sorry
oh okay or not okay ref no no no no I'm
already
he was already are you mad that's it
that's it done done just kick it out
done we've won the title for Division
four look how beautiful eyes division
that's three next episode I have fifty
five thousand coins now you guys need to
let me know the most liked comment will
be the one I choose to remember to like
each other's comments because that is
the one I will choose thank you guys for
watching and see ya know hey Oscar
hey Oscar oh forget it you're evil yes
sir you go against you know Devin don't
do it solo no no that's no joke we are
middle school he's not getting back at
you he is here's okay he's not food oh
my god oh my god
