what's up guys and welcome to new final
game of FIFA mania yes I'm wearing
Hawaiian shirt don't ask why I wore in
the last series and you know I thought
why not I have already won this league
yeah I'm not I'm not saying it like a
really arrogant thing I'm just saying
this game effectively I played Toby he's
in fourth place so I am purely going for
goals I'm going all that attack and if
you haven't seen my team recently this
is what it's looking like I don't know
what changes I made I think I didn't
have Ramirez last time be I'm playing
Toby today and I just want a good game
I'd rather lose and play a good game
than win but like boring one Neil so
Toby let's go
okay so Shelby final day of these series
and yeah we're kind of in a position
right now where doesn't really matter
who wins are you sure about that
what I mean I'm still gonna try and win
because you know I don't want to lose
I'm still undefeated ah okay come on
good luck so I'm going attacking I'm
gonna score gold this is I wanna score
goals this is the game hard oh yeah yeah
no okay Oscar hey Oscar
oh my got it you're evil you're so you
go again steal no Devin don't do it so
no no let's go show your middle school
he's not getting back at you
he is here's okay he's not whoo oh my
girl oh my god yeah what it ought to do
no what can he defend the corner yes
probably
Oh No good buddy it nah where's this no
come on
right now like a school about Vikings go
now
don't know oh not a chance joke
come away well Simon safe to say this
game has been a very interesting ellipse
what's the challenge I was a challenge
son not a challenge
yeah yeah oh well hi Stanley dis just
drew
shut up no come on close everyone boom
oh no was it Ramirez on my team as well
Simon I need auspices Gilligan oh why
come on man okay okay that bull was sick
but what the hell was Laurice doing
there's a single girl
we reached god dude they're to be fair
okay halftime 100 somehow it's only one
of what in game so what understand is
I'm not I'm not feeling this I'm going
I'm thinking I might go ultra tacking
whoa oh oh no you stop maybe you're not
see it's not yeah that's what you think
play on please no nice names down to
town tomorrow
no stay on it
good you're safe what's a safe trip all
my days
there we go silver sources are there's
definitely another girl's over silver
that's well played
no rennet no oh my god oh no no he's no
no but so early
oh my god yeah one you just take a
couple of changes you know who's it
messed up with silver table what am I
getting that telephone ha ha ha ha ha ha
just get the ball back yes
see that's that's worthless without
early cross only guys are free ha ha
oh yes oh my god oh my god it's to be
one go go Kentucky up nice so slow so
slow what the fuck is that one sec oh my
God all that attackers fuck me over
actually a dick Lee a mate Toby I'm
sending that job straight to you go
first class
you know I blame this fucking Hawaiian
shirt and all that time you were wearing
a Hawaiian show again I was wearing a
Hawaiian shirt Toby dude that's like
you're on hook that's insulting you guys
want to take out Toby you took them out
in the description subscribe to Samuel
and if you want to love comment that's
all for the series and that's all for
today thank you guys for watching
Oh congratulations you having a winning
okay baby see ya Sharla Sharla oh fuck
off
no no
Lauri's oh no oh no that's oh no that
was boss never gonna move again let and
then you pick it
oh no this is a test is the test or so
company you
