right what's up guys and welcome to
something that's probably not gonna
interest a lot of you so bye to those
who just clicked off this is kind of
just an update vlog as to why my videos
have been either late uploads or I've
missed the day or two basically it's
because I've had quite a lot going on
I've got quite a lot still to go on so
if my videos are scarce when I say
scarce I don't mean like you know that
two week
I mean missing probably like one day a
week so we had Boston last week we got
back two days ago and I just slept the
whole day oh so jet-lagged then I spent
about six hours trying to get in to GTA
heists and today I've been recording a
video with the skill twins who if you
don't know check them out in the
description basically there's two twins
from Sweden who are just insane
skills I learned a lot of skill from
them and I'll put it into a video it
will be out on Sunday probably now
before you say okay before you start
saying oh where's the key Renee Mackay's
I it's coming again and why I wanted to
post this videos because basically we
have the questions I have them written
like right there but we don't have
enough skits / cutaways so I want you
guys to comment on this video
what cutaways or skits you want us to do
and don't say do a dramatic intro or
sign through the table tennis K because
they are so overdone anyway so that
should hopefully be out next weekend or
maybe the week after something around
them but definitely before the next
thing which I wanted to watch is I 54
which is another thing I've got to get
ahead for which is kind of really
annoying because it's so fun to go and
it's so cool to meet all of you but it
does mean I have to get four days ahead
which doesn't seem like much that that
is twelve videos basically what I'm
trying to say is if I don't upload one
day I'm I'm genuinely really sorry and
I'm at the point where right now if I
miss a day people genuinely tweet me
saying where's your upload for the day
and so far I do YouTube for fun I don't
want to have the stress of knowing that
I have to upload every day I started
YouTube for fun
I still do it for fun obviously it has
become my job now so you know that I do
need to post but I don't care if I
wasn't enjoying YouTube I wouldn't post
the other thing is I was going to be
doing a pack opening tonight but if you
didn't know about the whole coin sponsor
issues in the
right now basically added a pack opening
today and I bought fifa points worst
mistake ever I spent so much money on
those and my best player was hand on a
victory if you don't know is terrible
so I literally thought to myself I can't
upload this it is so bad then I thought
to myself oh if I don't upload I'll
stuck in the tweets again saying why
aren't you uploading so that is why I'm
doing this video just basically to tell
you that if I don't upload it's not
because I'm too lazy okay is because I'm
just I'm burning out right now so as
FIFA has become a little bit dry as to
what you can do I want to hear what you
want to see apart from the Q&A with care
so apart from that apart from football
videos tell me what you want to see
because I want to start being more
creative doing more real-life stuff
which you want to see and I'm a mr.
Davis because I'm doing something so
today I was actually as I said recording
the video the skill twins so that video
should be so good but it obviously meant
all the out behold of today that's
pretty much it for this whole video I'm
sorry it's short I'm sorry nothing
really happens but I had to just say
this stuff please don't go and dislike
this video for the sake of it though
don't worry about liking anything I just
I just had to tell you guys this so let
me know in the comments what you want to
see me and JJ do in terms of skits and
stuff like that and tweet me any video
ideas you want me to do that's all for
me today sorry about this video but
thank you guys for watching and sure
