what's up guys I'm welcome to your
ultimate team now I don't know what to
say about ierra dicking I work that work
the top comment on the last video was
this and now you guys told me to get rid
of my Italian Cena I just bought this
Italian team so I'm not I'm not I really
wanna get rid of it for now do you
really want me to let me know in a
comment
someone put yes someone put know and the
most liked one will be the one I do but
now I'm opening this pack I have I have
a pack okay so it's a free pack but it's
always shit so it doesn't really meaning
they move on now I am in Division four I
need one more win to guarantee myself
this division three more wins that I'm
into Division three this is getting
really close to the end
who would've thought that I actually
might be able to finish this series me
just just me so and my BPL team is the
one working today
oh my god that seems insane I might buy
it that way Oh Khan ear fucked up the
game damn sick man name is sick like
only have they fixed all the coins and
the marketing everything them it's the
life as well and I just get goes and he
quits please Sharla Sharla oh fuck off
no no Louise oh no oh no that's oh no
what that was boss here we go again flip
and then you pick it oh no this is a
test is the test on it so company your
head is so fucking big please please
please
Zuzu's girls go whoa malala's you're a
little shit please someone stick your
head on that's together on that okay
what's out so that as be eyes at the
ball you're working kind of good Shirley
Shirley
there's a great book how have you missed
it half time and it is Neil Neil I don't
I don't know I don't think he's okay yes
quite okay going going
Shirley Shirley Shirley for my god I was
easy bit okay flame season add boom
there is physical Diego Costa Diego girl
stains opening now blood gay seems like
he built a dam we got do cuz that turns
one turns to tied up here stuck out no
dude was together oh my god oh my god oh
my god that ball was ridiculous right
here's your last chance last chance to
get anything is gonna get anything is he
gonna get anything more is he he's just
playing games right now mate is a hey
ref I want my free kick come on now he's
injured sick what am I done and that my
friends is the
and right so one more win and I'm pretty
much promoted because if I win this I
have five games to win one game and it
happens I don't deserve to be envisioned
three I've stuck with my BPL team I'm
playing against the Netherlands team I
want to say I've got this but he knows
something he knows something I don't
let's go go on storage go on Dan oh okay
like play
good good awesome go on red Oh God
yes that's no okay let's get going now
where are you Diego deal climbing in the
Bolivian honey Scott its to nil up to
Neela maybe I know something and he
doesn't like how to play people
Espie Espie I'm just going for the
crossing tactic and it's not war is it
okay this is worrying this is worrying
lauritas actually get rid look alright
they'll do play go go go storage storage
and nip both Oh play play pass a bank
first what how the help oh he saw much
smoke dark storage roll of work you got
a lot of work on you all know won't be
coming till the goalkeeper for some
reason I'm complaining and I think it's
because I deserve to be more than to
Nilla no no this is the star the
downfall whoa
Lori's has saved my bacon too many times
today okay here we go we finally have a
chance this guy's been defending pretty
well until oh no I got us just don't
know what to do this guy doesn't give me
anything this guy's tighter than a nun's
Aegina please oh my good look at that oh
no uh-uh this guy I don't understand
he's lost 90s a minute I'm tuning up I'm
not even happy that's it I'm not even
happy I'm 1 and I'm not happy
so I need one win to get promotion to is
the other title hopefully that'll be
next episode that's all for today you
guys need to let me know whether I
should sell my Italian team and get that
other team that I said earlier let me
know in the comments which like come up
with the one I choose to thank guys for
watching Paki VA and sure bye boom
love him ok for the Wazir entire game
check was last time last time I think
either per
drop tonight wait yeah Josh here where
you go oh my gosh um so basically wasn't
due there it was a way of main counter
is that haha my god
Ramirez working his little socks all got
noise around fault you know what I
actually hate cabal what is it Toby
