what's up guys we are headed to Boston
today now I'm really really tired right
now even though it's about 3:00 in the
afternoon purely because I've been up
all night editing videos but we are
headed to Boston me and the rest of the
sudden all 7 of us will go into pack
seas but I have about five minutes left
and I have fat so yeah she probably
stopped this blog now we're gonna jump
we're going hey wait this is weird wait
carries it's my night come on come on
this way why is this can you haven't
seen it before
why was the penguin popular why because
he was an ice guy ah you hi guys so the
reason I said bias because we know in
account it's me Josh Keaton the cab
driver and the new side man
CDL chicken bacon lettuce to say he's
replacing hairy goose now he doesn't do
anything
right so we made it to T so we're just
waiting on the other guys now
no Josh
if there wasn't and I do to God 100%
mine is that but then wagon Mama's
chicken category can get some chicken
katsu curry chicken katsu curry
got a nice little tea-stained egg
excellent choice Simon exists now again
on the plane
Ethan you're talking Wow see how it is
anyway and you go find the others scaler
plane and then be in Boston
domestically
we're busted I don't wanna be raised
today man but this is just reminding me
an episode of Cool Runnings you know
this is usually just like Cool Runnings
all over again
hinder that's why you're on tinder isn't
it well I was on to the courgette and
found three goals three right so we got
to the hotel and on the air Austin got
us this box full of stuff so I said I'm
sick enough it was only two nerds this
was two packs another fuckin nerds
another pack innards no boy I'm said I'm
sick enough then he got me you know
another packing light then he got me you
know another two packing those journeys
not many though another happy note and
then you know a final packing ugh you
know what is that all the nodes you got
me you wanted to order some uh some
chips yeah
yeah we're in America bro oh okay
no there's a great there's a crisp set
okay wedge food yeah
so that's the first day done we are in
Boston we've we made it to the hotel we
went and got some food we've met Austin
from omnia really cool guy that's pretty
much it actually 6 a.m. my time so I
know I have a really messed up sleeping
schedule but 6 a.m. I've got to go to
bed so that's I think that's going to be
the end of this 80
my breakfast is gonna have to be nodes
because I showed you yesterday how what
many packs of nerves a habit just it's
there
we're going to legal test kitchen and
then what is it so like it's like the
testam know yet works on testing enough
they're testing if it's legal or not
they're gonna serve us like kids or
something out of that
nah not like that chocolate kicks it up
Lippman we're finally here it's freezing
this place is huge like this mess it
this is ridiculous that is
- oh the killer is a killer just like
you're about to pee people that you may
recognize it's the more people they
share that's my gums
I'm tired maybe three about in Geneva
Simon Simon I think right now would just
oh wow
but this is the panel we're going on and
so many people turned up yeah so we
decided to put the side vent in the
crowd to ask us the questions the new
selfie stick okay Vic you selfie sticks
in a time where here was a needed
there's only one man that can stop the
bad guys
his name is bazinga man oh yeah okay
my name is chaos our
I'm a really funny guy these holes with
my deep but you can't see me Oh buybacks
the day one going on what we know we're
going to a restaurant and then gonna eat
and then we're gonna go home and then
we're going to go out and then tomorrow
we go go-karting okay so we got some
omnia media banter here we've got Iman
right yeah
Iman Asian Ceaser swag star salad we got
no the water freya shrimp
we got a GU John for JJ's got some
minecraft people here and vixx vixx so
big so then what everyone's honor of it
now sidemen or the pack
he's on the side man I'm just sayin oh
oh finished a meal it's really cold now
heads which day sleep I'm not gonna lie
to you guys I am very very hungover we
went out last night as I said one or two
drinks and then I was gonna vlog when I
got back but I literally got back and
just fell straight asleep so yeah now
now I'm kind of up and it's like 9 a.m.
I'm going to photo shoot with the rest
of the side men and we're heading to go
go-karting which right now seems like
the worst thing possible just loud
noises should be fun anyway so let's see
how it goes
oh all right so we're we're having our
we're going to the convention center I
just put it in their destination thing
that's how I headed yeah
so we're in Africa
that's where pax is now
telephone buzzes that was quick
we're done we're going goes like this
guy one you can know me yellow that well
okay I love it now JJ JJ literally
welcoming whole side of growth erase the
why our man whatever you read anyway
that's a personal question man when look
like money when
honey Quinn right back in the hotel and
I'm wearing Ethan's hat that he will
give over free so I look like a condor
bout to go get some food and I'm like
gonna started doing some videos I'm Anna
like Ethan where you been man have been
Frisco's reason uncle which man this
it doesn't look big okay this is the
normal stem what's going on us take
adventure Danny right so I wasn't able
to film any of it but I'm back for night
three and this is kind of turned into a
really weird vlog because I basically
wanted this to be like a daily vlog on
my second channel but it got to the
point where because of the time
difference and everything like that how
busy we are
I basically just decided I'm gonna make
one super blog if you want me to do this
instead of like daily vlogs next time I
go away like III in June let me know
because I will happily try and do daily
vlogs but I come from sit or I can drive
this and do one super vlog hope you guys
are enjoying this video there's still
like two days left so enjoy the rest of
the vlog day far the last day packs
today we are we head into the event and
we might do it shopping we're here for
one more day after this literally just
headed to David we're gonna meet some
people like well leave me some of you we
hacks
turn up set up where the meter boughs
the tech yeah plus we're gonna go trying
to meet up and I hope you do that up
they might not
I am is doing we are done in the event
in doing spin fun here we go we're gonna
go shopping what a day what a day
so for some reason who came to fix me up
behind their showing you plan the squad
kinda decided just decided to basically
came back for next one
really she's going to go give it away
we're going to find so now we're in the
Microsoft Store and I'm just placing
them on doing there you go
here we see a pack of wild minecrafters
and then that's what upsets Microsoft
Office
taking pictures for fans so we ended up
buying nothing and you know just wait
for em again this way okay oh wow really
really this is happening anyway yeah so
we didn't end up buying anything with
what thank sources as you saw but I
enjoyed anyway the other film at the
hotel we're heading back now and then we
go eat
yeah just checking you're gonna finish
your dessert I got really crazy
everything holy shit that's the size my
fuse
you gotta get one ha ha
Josh yes come on man we've been over
three and half hours
hi Josh we've been here six hours right
excuse me no open it all
oh gosh it's hot 2:00 in the morning and
you still haven't finished my woman Josh
what what Marin
final day of Boston and I'm really sorry
I haven't shown you much of the night
time but basically this is like the
first trip where we've had it where we
actually all together no one has to do
many video as well as some a few there's
the first time that we can kind of relax
so I didn't really want to be that guy
who has the camera out a night and
filming everything everyone does I mean
we have one more day and we're going to
go shopping around Boston then we're
heading home and then this rock is going
to be up I get back to it like 7 a.m.
today Dana's videos out so I'm gonna
wake up and then edit this video put it
out poby you guys enjoyed it but yeah
let's go shopping and this time when I
say shopping and I mean buying someone
an Xbox
they are in heaven heaven right now
choose four days oh that sums up Harry
that sums up Harry we are at Chipotle
Chipotle is my line
he loves to proclaim jday with that
missile deal
I take atop the toes that I look good in
the Hat so I will put how many shoes did
you get three pairs how many did you get
even ten ten shit punishes and it's
being done even worse ha ha now we can
take time for man one try me no time do
you thing but when I run up on stage I
pick up the mic in this reload time
don't know your song so they know mine
that's where I got gigs just like John
Tobey how have you enjoyed Boston Oh
Nathan JJ how was it Oh JJ I was Danny
how was Boston JJ
does it oh we've been footage for this
have you enjoyed Boston okay hello we're
in the airport and doing nothing
so kind of bored I'm about to spike I'm
not fine
how long can you say I don't nothing
going i'm not blink yeah it's done right
yeah it's probably unpause
no cookin no no Toby so we're back but
we forgot our skis and now we have to
wait for the others we got it and we're
two men down so we went straight home
Harry went back to the land of incest
and I've no Guernsey whatever those and
is now we're back that was the end of
the trip so this what would you get
shoes we did get shoes Boston was insane
but we're all tired because like two
hours sleep pretty much the end of log
so let me know where you guys thought
because this is the different style of
log because it's like the whole trip in
one so it'll be like 12 minutes or
something I don't know but what are you
doing priority vlog yeah thank you guys
for watching let me know what you
thought in the comments and yeah sure
