what's up guys and welcome to a nother
fever mania this is almost over this
series and it is going pretty damn well
for me although it's going pretty well
as well for a certain zurka I am in
first place he is in second place that
we drew nil-nil last time so this is the
big test of the league
my team is that can absolutely stacked
have a look at it this is ridiculous
Josh's team is looking stacked as well
if I win I'm pretty certain I can win
this league but if I get into a game if
you guys won in the ultimate team
punching I want people dot cop in the
description using a 5 year 5 cent
discount let's freaking go Josh Zack oh
no no hi Josh
I think we have the best two sides here
don't wait I think we do now your side
is at I just wow your nose like you
don't you look like a Chelsea collection
boom what about your Strikeforce man
that's ridiculous
nice parcel folks oh my god that's a
deadest okay let's go right Josh last
time we played it was Neil Neil okay we
need to get at least one so it has to be
at least the goal so you know like just
let me Josh John just wait you slept me
know because I had the ball so you
should hey I'm letting you gonna let you
go now I get you're lying
Ref gone bang boom I love him okay
thought it was either entire game check
this last time last time I think I had
the first shot you know where yeah Josh
here where you get oh my gosh so
basically wasn't due there it was a way
of main counter is that haha my god
Ramirez working his little socks Walker
noise oh and fault you know what I
actually hate the ball who is it it's
Toby that guy ruins the line why you
just there any yeah well it you're like
knock them off yo you're trying to sleep
it's a muffin you just compared for kin
- Paul - a month yeah I wish she was
easier to break what rate moths yeah you
can touch them in school apart whoa what
the thigh is is free kick us out why did
I just have free kick just go to this
boom rock chick has hands like steel
anyway back to him off okay so the ball
we just take night just trying to speak
in bed and there's a moth flying around
this day so annoying
I put the balls like you said no you're
mean I mean Ethan be like that sometimes
hahaha oh wow oh oh yeah I ain't Harry's
like a mosquito like he's dead you
really notice he's there
Wow like lag lag lag no Josh Oh Josh we
were mates we were mates yeah we still
was I went for the skill-shot - our main
goal we were mates before this are your
team is sick I'm to go with the names
there's any tackle - fucking mad Bob
nice run doesn't my house it Oh mate
you're going in with Jackie well you
know what this game is a shambles I've
had enough of this EP elvenar oh no no
I'm going to be the better league in the
world we should a championship brochures
exceed so well oh my god you should ah
oh my face I stripped over those clothes
like come on where are you where are you
I see you in that bus I might minecraft
just block it all the time a thrill this
is like lacking in the gold star
otherwise we should have another nil nil
why why would we have another Neil Neil
on purpose and I can just score
you couldn't score in a brothel I did
once there was a goal in a brothel
yeah beaming girl oh that's what I goof
what the bear do you fare any hallways
ago what the fuck died you fat
I swear after die see well in the game
me against you there was an offside
forskohlii this is why I gave you the
charts you know why I gave you the goal
because know you can score even a gold
say sorry yeah you know now it's not as
one nail that's like that was your goal
it is sad I'm more happy that I've
actually got to go in it either I'm
happy that's why I'm not crying right
now you know what Josh what go attacking
me well I've got to go on the ball all
right if annual client show me what you
got
but why you go that's that's that's a
good that's a good free kick oh my god
bye Dave
that was almost minion for him there we
go let's go ultra attacking let's go
come on Diego Kasich get in there get
him get him
boom ref you kicked me in the neck he
hit you the Mogul know what either go oh
my god a wall that was cheeky oh my god
go I'm like me off at my pals seriously
oh my god I said oh my god oh my god
what a boom kiddo go Diego no Diego
gusta no Layla Diego God oh that's why
is that
that's why cuadrado doesn't go for head
it's because he has a flat face all-out
attack shit cuz ya actually is scary
should be that oh yeah pretty score some
goals but yeah alright yeah yeah all got
aa sign the team obeys does what
let me get gold right below you spoke
run Bardo stuck into my intercooler trap
oh shit Josh side a side a side a side a
side he's off please no no no 90th
minute corner this is a goal you almost
screwed ahead understand from outside
the area
Josh Russia don't pay him now
Cena no heroics Yaya tour√© Zahn a mad
one Oh No get to him just to be fair
that shot was terrific
Oh Josh we'll play man well play to you
- no no transfer actually I'm actually
so happy why I don't like my team I get
to keep my team yeah I kind of like my
team you right that's all for today
thank you just for the game you're
worried check him out in the description
thank you guys watching and shit
puss puss puss Oh
