what's up guys welcome to fever mania
today I'm learning it's JJ or ksi and
played him in the first game of this
series I won 3-1 so he is looking for
payback I took his car water which I
still have I also played against Tobias
they can't sing that check out on his
channel I'm not gonna tell you happened
before I get into the game if you guys
want to kneel to a team guys do got one
fifa.com
in the description using a five-year
five cent discount now I play against JJ
we're into the second leg of every game
I am doing really really well in this
one so I want to keep this up with a win
but I know JJ is looking for revenge so
let's see what happens let's go
JJ we black last time I beat you really
what I want to say yeah I mean yeah I
took your car walking you still have my
right back
yeah your team has improved quite a bit
no hasn't improved No Oh Louis Louis
Louis
oh shit oh oh yeah I'm oh you wanna take
a corner man oh fuck changing it
Oh what I have had not a block just say
I'm just warning you okay just warning
you know in the future but I'm all over
the place
oh the future you know what thank you
good jack and you're gonna take I don't
know you have a lot of good players you
know but who you gonna take because that
kind of depends you know that kind of
like makes me want to win more if you
tell me you're gonna take a good player
then I'll just look at anyone Oh what
yes yeah you really fuck with my mind
man place puss puss puss go go see yes
oh wow I just OH
penetration huh
this is some nice play this is nice but
where do we go from here where do we go
there we go
no okay still going Corner corner corner
sure is building blue yeah you have
you're like the only person that's
actually stopped me in the air
convincingly wait this minute yes photos
Oh give me my chance oh don't you dare
no oh yes I see it hard time I won nila
I'm wrong you know what you know what
this calls for
JJ you hear this what are you doing
right here we go you ready for round two
nope okay well we're gonna try anyway
oh-ho-ho mistake made let's take the
warm season like play play see the jobs
see your shots
Wow Wow where yeah where you going oh
then give me the pen that's funny below
us off a box Oh pants
oh damn boule creme brulee creme brulee
playing and then bang yo what I said
this before in my last give me
exclaiming Ethan gave me a done one Oh
run let's go let's go okay there's
nothing on there's nothing like turn to
ref okay wait wait plus oh you're
serious
no the pressure pressure bone yard
oh my god you score we ain't mates
though no no no ha ha ha no no no no no
no no no run run where are your legs
where your legs oh fuck off did you
fucking ha ha the time waste I just
don't I don't know I just don't
understand oh how did I just get
anything from that got it he's done
elapsed he's gonna want another game on
King serious come on come on Pass pass
boom no decay oh I'm a diva I just
knowed you outs on it's gone you are
little shit long I hate you
my plan worked so perfect as oh he's
done it they great game Oh for a one
with each 20 room ok for one nail as a
good game know what it was I just
finished ha ha ha
you know I'm gonna take the other day
I'm gonna take Oscar all right I'm gonna
take Oscar and I'm gonna give you
Dembele
my midfields get a weaker but it's
getting stronger in the sense of
footballing that made no sense I'm gonna
move on that's it let's watch him see
you good luck to you oh I'm gonna need
it because your team so good it's so
good it's so good it's so good you don't
win I just don't understand yeah
