what's up guys are welcome to another
big for mania against a bazinga today
yesterday EV lady gets frizzy the day
before I played against just the day
before I played against JJ I am doing
pretty damn well my team is looking like
this I don't know who I want to change
when Yama is probably the only person
but Toby I think that's probably the
only player I want to swap Ethan
does have arguably the best team in the
league so I mean I there's a lot of
choices better DeMaria Diego Costa
Felipe Louise Alexis Sanchez but now I'm
just gonna play against these and
hopefully win I know he's doing well as
well before I get into the game if you
guys want any Latinos check out one
fifa.com in the description use mini 5
you get 5 percent discount dazing
emphasis on the bay because no matter
what happened in this game with the
friends Ethan let's go
so arguably their best team in the
tournament Ethan are you ready I have to
do that look what I'm just saying you
have arguably the best team in the
tournament
I usually realistically win this league
cool some tournaments don't like you
doing that ok Ethan are you ready yeah
good luck brother you good luck to you
yeah good luck to you oh I'm gonna need
it because your team's so good it's so
good it's so good it's so good you don't
win I just don't understand yeah I don't
know yeah welcome to my team if you do
win yeah
just please don't take Sandra that's a
lot Weiss and I know he plays incredible
ok here we go Charla has been causing
some trouble for everyone
ok I was in trouble for my internet but
it is it oh I liked that you was like
causing troubles might into other thank
God that girl is stupid
I've got a gun feel is on the ball seen
you I'll save you shell oh shut up
oldie Maria oh no Maria no Steve no over
the cool the new boy wow you're a
dickhead even and you look a little
bread do you know
my ice I've heard love Valley yeah yeah
you heard about no even your little
scrub me why do 700 touch just boobies
shitty little feet come on man good it's
good it's good no are you serious I was
drunk oh you have another shot this is a
sick game this IO not a shot no you know
what you know what how I just missed my
armrest don't you don't pick up on that
at the outside all right I am freaking
go in attacking they know I is I shall
open vitamin a ski base your job is no
you guys nervous I didn't know yes be
busy
I don't foul good at least I got fouled
in the bar it's good no things aren't
happening
please go okay your honor you're on this
has to be a goal because I'm just gonna
turn in not really perfect you oh my god
I mastered a stressful folks go fuck off
bike way fuck off so why are you back
bump in a bunch of fucking playground
faggots right have you ever heard of
Luke the zinc free chicken patty no but
well just made it up right well you're
about to learn boom OH
blood is attacking it's stupid my
players yes please yes please yes
Diego Diego yeah don't you know it ain't
no that's bullshit Ethan you know that's
bullshit oh shit Ethan how Maddie rap
what was that the way was going what was
that son
you're the funny thing is you know the
way you died that was the way I was
going I hate you I'm gonna find you in
colorful little Willy don't come on
Shirley Shirley go Becky are you sheep
open and cool it fucking mad rat I'm so
angry
you're making me along your leave
yeah where your dick doesn't last long
this is stuck under my chair wait for my
chest I thought about this here I hate
blood layers you fucking little weasel
bastard take my place I'm just gonna
shit in your mouth and let's see yeah
they're gone let's go that one what's
going on across my room mate fucking
wanker and this is the information is
not played I think I'm lying though
she's gone now we're okay okay this
won't you finish your jeez mate
nah
okay night-night come here na dhih Maria
now take the Maria please July here
that's a good choice hey demon reface na
Deanery ah I kind of like my midfield
it's powerful it's strong so I'm gonna
give you Boni and I'm gonna take that
the AYGO cross the from you you're a
fucking horrible human being
you know that fuck your you are horrible
Ethan we're still mates that's the thing
to write the end of the day we're still
might smile we're still really really
good mates right so ISIL for today I've
just got myself a Diego Costa Ethan you
got a pony no fucking fun you go your
monkey okay that's yep that√≠s what I
expected
that's all for the day thank you guys
for watching and see oh my god no baby
no baby okay you know what I'm not gonna
take you ready Oh God
