hey guys before the video starts make
sure you click the subscribe button so
this isn't exactly how I normally start
look I am very flustered but a few vlogs
ago I said that I was gonna go to the
gym
flashback to that from this day on I
will go to the gym and I have been going
even if it is 3 a.m. I'm sorry there was
no video like a couple days ago but
basically I've got a lot of things
coming up so I'm trying to get ahead on
videos me and the other guys have
literally been recording since 1 p.m.
today till I don't know like midnight
tees mom's actually getting tired we're
trying to get ahead because we've got a
few things lined up including upload
which is rfn taken place 9th and 10th of
september at tobacco dock in east london
or central east links in the description
i want to meet as many of you as
possible there so please just check it
out in the description i'm gonna head to
bed I've got edit a couple videos first
but I'm gonna head to bed because I have
a certain mr. bunch here and mr. square
head well any coming over tomorrow we're
just gonna vlog together and you know
we're gonna get a couple videos done as
well I'll hopefully get ahead but yeah
that's all I wanted to say today my arms
genuinely inaccurate I'll see you guys
tomorrow the next day can we just clear
up that my my quiz does not touch kids
this looks like a Lambo you uploaded a
video yesterday explaining why so I'm
not gonna bother covering it be sad
as I said he hasn't uploaded a video
explaining why so yeah check that in the
description
shut up I will fight you buster yoga
look at that's disgusting bye will
Antonina give it a burial deny it it's
not burial USC burial see burial in the
green seed again when he's taking a
chauffeur guest or Beverly crap there's
more spiders and snakes in this fence
hey there are clearly no snakes just
ladders here yeah
Wow that was amazing
are you done do trick osteo gosh name
three female youtubers
that's Attila you lost you lost yeah
it's five seconds there you can like
look ready it doesn't have to be named
Ziggy anything names three things that
are red you're just not normal that's
everything you just said was not Donald
named three types of chip name three
types of albatross very good what
albatross exactly
the work that went into that honestly
we've been planning out for so long
well Simon enjoy cleaning you said you'd
wait what
oh that's mad because I'm going now so
if you just take this yeah yeah
seriously
I hate all of you taking that transition
so that's a bit of luck that they make
sure you check out chip and will in the
description and con as well he's behind
the camera yeah that's all for today
make sure you leave like you enjoyed and
