what's up guys and welcome to a blog
where me and the rest of the sign man
hey guys it's depowering
some digs upstairs we're going to a
Samsung event and we get to preview the
new phone they're releasing when Sam say
times up
yeah what did Sam sing we found it
hey Vic
take them we found an advert for you the
one that says friends yeah we still live
in the crooks like remain where this is
which building is this flower big ones
that orange building though it looks
like a carrot it looks like a carrot
wait play keris wearing an orange shirt
tomorrow okay so we're here and now we
go in to see we found Ali hey Ali Haider
good I'm hyped mr. bone jay-z looks over
angry we're going open the door hey Toby
I threw their puzzle it's so good JJ
hustle booth
12 seconds later it is done taking food
has been demolished back in he said he
was saving his buns to me but yeah
laughing
come on
Yeah right
yeah oh yeah I like the edges not sexy
to me further it's the first Android
paradise kind of seriously looked at as
something I can can't you see myself
using how you can how you can see how
much Ramage's by all the apps you can
close and out all at once to get the
phone like intelligible is there gonna
definitely useful ways it right so we
finished looking at the phone and
everything now we're gonna head home
man the elevates music
so you're probably wondering why daytime
and I'm filming now basically we went
out afterwards and the Sun ali-a may
have stolen my phone up well let me say
that I put it in his backpack and
completely forgot and then he went home
and yeah that kind of didn't help with
this blog anyway I just want to say a
huge thank you to Samsung for inviting
me the rest of Simon and Adi to the
event the phone genuinely looks pretty
sick and if you do want to check it out
check out in the description let's good
day out so thank you guys for watching
hopefully you guys enjoyed this block if
you did be sure to leave a thumbs up
that's all for today thanks for watching
em shoot ok me I'm gonna go for a bit
yah yah Tory you know are you fast you
man i'ma just take
