what's up guys welcome to your ultimate
team last time I was trying to create
the team who told me to buy which was
this if you don't remember the player I
was struggling to get was a barber
because I didn't have much money these
are the players that sold these are the
ones that aren't
I now have 45,000 coins so we got the
upgrade in a barb oh there we go that's
one player now we got upgraded hand
danovich the only other players there
were armor oh and a bat a but think
again they leave them because the top
comment on last video was this a summary
why was it that why was it this so there
we go I got em I guess I don't start
saying you meant this one ago because
there's no way I can afford him now we
also got free gold pack which if they
find if I'm correct like normal this is
just nothing so absolutely shocking so
there is the new team the only players I
haven't got as I said of the right left
back I'm gonna try this team out now so
division or if I can win these two games
I'm pretty much safe in the division
that is that's better
let's go come on come on this is this is
where we just whoa okay
okay this is going well let's go boom oh
there nutmeg Oh bang what the fuck what
the hell what the hell what the hell
good that's fine no no no are you mad we
didn't even personally I press pause
okay I am a firm believer of karma and I
don't believe that that penny we must
deserve soul this is where karma kicks
in this is the moment where I save your
butt seriously
is he good is he good is he
so I know I'm not just saying this that
is genuinely horrible horrible like okay
a barber please I've just paid money for
you please do something good please
pretty pretty cross that's the like
there's the lag I was talking about sick
this is sick this is so sick yet bastard
or near post oh oh here's the booth so
we made it the hard time and I'm losing
one nail this this game has just been
absolutely horrible the lag the way he
plays the fact that he doesn't get
replays the only way this could get
worse is if he scores more goals who has
a - whines burger yep that's what that's
perfect man thanks okay I'm not sure if
he's playing anymore
I'm not sure if he's playing but I'll
take it I'll take it
I will happily take that goal run run a
Baba Ronnie's won't give up that long we
didn't raise him but that was a cross by
the way don't judge me for that get rid
garrard garrard no that's the upgraded
hand danovich oh my god canto cool god
bring that Oh
Wow oh here we go here we go he's got a
little running he's on a little run he
loves his little skills he's blocked me
off mate come on
Oh mistake mistake no I guess I think
we've done it I'm playing his game now
just holding the ball you know what
there you go end the game ref end it
that's it charlie
you've done it so two wings a tattoo in
Division four one more win and I'm one
point of safety in this division and it
puts me in a very very good position to
win a title you know what we're gonna
keep the same team now I know I know you
want me to try out hurricanes but I'm
keeping this team for now so game two
against back early lasagna and he has
the same kind of team as me this isn't
even gay Josh Maria better player to
really shine here we go okay Roger Binny
Oh Ranjha be Neos spread your legs not
in that way you know I mean no no okay
the video this is some nice slick
passing nice slick squad oh ah ref come
on 20 sighing okay now yeah little
counter now yet little counter one quick
Kellie Hoehn turn in Dubya oh there it
is - kneel play play and fine how the
Frick did that just go in I don't know
okay that's worrying because that's hand
out of it if I let this game slip like
when I played even times and I
okay no no no no no no no knocking this
is oh but I made it to a hard time
somehow I'm 3-nil up I'm not complaining
come on a barb oh I see little bit early
cross that's a shock it took a
deflection Shirley please click oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh wow
where's my defense god where's on the
bed please leave it that's it that's a
good log I've got I've gotta give it to
him there's a good log I'm a little bit
worried right now yeah this pressure is
actually ridiculous like I'm not really
sure what's gonna happen
ah yeah and then you know he gets that
shot damn it which is on full nose fine
okay but I'm going little shots please
get him away please please
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh Wow you're mad
is that a player on the line but I mean
curtains maybe make that was yeah second
what I was worried about but your video
boom done away expected how does he just
get through oh I got might not three to
seven minutes left
okay watch I'll do Mia I guarantee you
he gets through somehow
okay look at that look at that that's
terrible what somehow I've got shots out
of nothing there might ends please get
off the freaking line you little shits
please this is the final charge of the
game
where's my team where's the team there's
the cross but no right oh my god not
defend defend why stupid sit this game
you know what a draw isn't the worst
thing the world one more win and I'm
saving this division three more wins and
I am promoted to Division three so close
to the vision one I have 43,000 quiz you
need to let me know if I the most liked
comment will be the one I find so please
like each other's comments thank you
guys watching and see ya the Tom Gerber
tune goon I will take her Bonnie with
rotten doom ballet my main man Shirley
please shoot a posh
