gentle rocking man welcome to the
fucking series of your Bubba fucking
life welcome by the such profanity so
angry I like how your services while
saying gentlemen alright so this is the
draft in the Premier League we're taking
turns to pick off players I know once a
player has been chosen the carpet chosen
by anyone else before we continue we've
added a slight twist to this series we
rated swapping to the normal drop series
now if you win a game you get to take
one of your opponents clear in the same
position and put him in yours and then
guess what you take your old player and
give them to the opponent so let's say
for example you have a shit forward
let's say guru under your opponent had a
dweller and you wanted where oh well
that's what you can do if you beat him
you can easily just say hey Simon
Toby I want egg well and you can write
what about ever to fuck them why do we
go everywhere really
and then I take that egg where oh and
then give them the shit for with that
Ichirou lapidation German let's begin
this motherfucking series guys are you
ready I'm gonna go pull out a uni open
men take it really I am because guys
like a boat ready ok me I'm gonna go for
a bit yar yar Tory you know are you fast
you imma just take voice-o-matic best
keeper in the game I'm a tech company
wait but Tom good batoon good I will
take up Barney
Trotter term ballet my main man Shirley
please shooter bouche and 20 amma
so this is my team is pretty decent now
if you're questioning any other choices
it's purely because someone else was
chosen the other players this is almost
the best team I could've gone maybe they
would have been a few differences but
this is kind of my preference so with
the series is starting tomorrow I think
my game is in two three days but I will
have games on other people's channels be
sure to check out everyone in the
tournament in the description below and
let me know in the comments who you
think is going to win because the last
time it is we didn't have Toby here okay
so you're Toby's good but I won some
Howard an hour let me know who you would
have changed let me know who you want me
to steal out of everyone else's team so
let me know who you think is gonna win
and that is it
watching this video today and tree up
some people say I'm the worst member of
the sidemen and I've come to the
conclusion it's true yes yes sweet
gotcha like slash it no comment Thanks
ah
