what's up guys in today I got something
a little bit different I'm gonna be
playing a nine skills if you don't know
who he is be sure to check out in the
description he has asked me to do a
Twitter challenge where basically we're
going to be playing a game on my channel
we've already played one on his channel
which you need to check out on his
channel
every time I score I get to choose for
him to tweet ok so I get to choose
whatever I want for him to it this game
if he scores he gets to choose something
that I have to tweak obviously you think
it ought to snow ultra defensive you
know no we've decided no ultra defensive
you can only stay balanced or forward
than that so I'm playing a a I know he's
good I know he's got a good team and I
know that he's bringing some payback
because I made him tweet at least once
I'm not gonna tell you the result is you
gotta check out oh he's got something
lined up he's already told me but let's
go here we go the team whoa I'm excited
bro hey wait yeah you know that said
your ramos is like 2 million points yeah
yeah use your cheese player man hahahaha
wait for stop wait virus oh my gosh bro
dude if I'd have scored that and you
would have had to tweet it would have
been like the best day it would have
been my party best video ever man wait
are you are attacking already let's just
say that
let's just say that you're gonna get
them you know oh yeah look at you go
over the crossing is Boston with
Monday's fucking man bro okay you're
gonna Dwight messy just go to header
against me yes I've come to accept the
fact that I'm the worst member of the
Seidman okay so some people say I'm the
worst member decide man and I've come to
the conclusion it's true
yes yes sweet gotcha thanks Eliza no
comment Thanks uh you know what you know
what
not-not-not six minutes in you score it
for me six minutes in I'm gonna let
everybody know that you think that you
can you know what should be verified
something I'm a cop or something Mannu
doesn't walk ass I keep poking you know
what to tweak'd you were distracting me
bro yeah man I'm just gonna keep asking
about it doing okay yes I could have to
come near it I can fix it no yes yes no
oh don't you get penalty no record no no
it's rent right cord oh my god I just
thought of the best tweet ever I'm just
so happy it please say you don't get a
vase Oh for your viewers sake you just
let me score like that good
no I'm gonna win I'll just score go now
yeah notice yes you see celebrate
celebrate go i'ma celebrate with you
celebrate which I celebrate do because
that's the last fucking role your
scoring bro ha ha ha it's like even
though you bring it you forget
everything even you're not tweeting with
these uh-huh it's for pride yeah keep
playing for pride keep playing for pride
cuz your prides about to go down the
drain ha ha ha yes messy
well no in trouble you each other
I'm gonna get it clean yes we called the
message I absolutely love looking at
Justin Bieber's abs oh it's done retweet
favorite yeah you're a dickhead Eunice
haha that's such a good clean yeah
you're taken I shall win this year I
should win the challenge just for that
tweak is it such a good tweet hahaha oh
wait whoa no no no no I need no no let's
go for I need to put the fender one did
I ever tell you Justin Bieber has been
nicest ass to my Twitter way better than
your tweet no no I'm strong Maya better
go deeper nah I thought we said no today
oh yeah you're right Bobby you better
put on defend my pendant no ah this is
where it all goes downhill oh you
shouldn't got a red card bro you messed
up
you ruined yourself you why do you say
as if I meant to get a red car yeah yeah
yeah sure doesn't matter got one man you
just shouldn't a good one
oh wait wait for it Doug you know what
yeah yes you're you're ready play unless
it isn't an ace
jump jump done just fucking that mate hi
you ready for this tweak you gonna tweet
I think a cuisine is key
I'm actually loving this right now I'm
honest game manifold no worry about you
making me say this makes me think you
kind of think it's kind of true nah
don't Jennifer don't tread and reverse
food don't shut ever versa kaiju shit on
me don't try that shit son look at you
do you like switching yep you're a
little rough yeah you're like sui is you
that's that fucking side man lag
sweeping haha
Josh is in the background slick in the
switch huh and then visible no why would
you ever that you livin shit
I have no poisons fuck boy you gotta
make a substitution
you're gonna bring over now though no
rat boy yes you were
no yes I didn't mean to do that you know
what I pass for you yeah yeah allow me
to bring over now Noah yeah I dare you
you know what if I score this yeah if
you scored airs I'll tweet okay just
kidding just kidding
oh you I would say your skirt that shit
bro holy shit like no no play No Ranade
good pass bro hahaha that was a shot
whoa nice locate here oh yeah there you
go there you go that's it that's it blow
your whistle that's a big game okay I'll
ask you one it one more no I'm happy
with that in the comments down below
what would you have made Simon tweet
it's always interesting I want to see
what they would entice us a good point
that's a good point right so as I said
earlier we played a game on a channel
which you can check out on this channel
or in the description and check out his
channel while you're there so that's all
for today be sure to check out a channel
as I said and yeah thanks for watching
boys you know what you know what don't
check out his channel no no no check out
go check out just the beaver drop a
thumbs up on this video because you got
a red card like a little baby back bitch
you know what now we're leaving right
thanks fortune and cheer for someone
ever fallen from fuck say so the fish
for fuck city ah boom run hung rats
