so I asked you guys for some serious
suggestions on what to do with my team
and yeah the most like comments are like
this okay that like seriously and this
and this and this
what the fuck but then one comment stood
out one comment blew the others away and
it was this are now unfortunately I told
you that I have about eleven thousand
five spend if I win this game so I can't
really afford this team I'm gonna try
anyway but I'm gonna start from the top
and work down well there's no do Mia for
Roma that costs the amount I have so uh
yeah I'm gonna buy him after this game
so I need one win to get the title ok
and that's like another seven thousand
coins or something so I have to win one
of these games that actually where I
only have one game left
okay I'm promoted already but I need
this win to get the title now if you
didn't see I recently played Ethan and
yeah I was doing really well with my
Italian team I am NOT gonna tell you
what happened but due to that magic I'm
not using the Italian team for this game
so we got the BPL team I haven't made
any changes to this for ages because my
team is sick his team is better but if
you guys didn't realize I am a firm
believer handicap in this game so let's
see what happens one come on Coast up
Kosta what the whole playing plan and
storage Oh sugar
oh shit Ronaldo whoa
Loret noise is actually a godsend I
swear play and touch oh my what one one
Morales one wait seriously what the hell
just happened
what was that shot one no no no I don't
know where to go oh oh
go I think I just called Diego Costa
goat
what's them oh my oh my oh my god boy 1
boom boom boom boom there you go
payback oh my days 45th minute Ronaldo
Louise I have been dropped so much that
I went through you I need to win to get
this title I need those coins badly I
don't even know how he's winning look
where the goal is from that's just
ridiculous
I'm not saying I deserve to be winning
this I'm just saying him winning is a
bit ridiculous bro why you part why are
you troubling around the back why are
you doing this oh no no no no no oh oh
my days Gaudio gusta godson gods what
the bus gets to draw from
a more ridiculous angle deal with this
card no that's the coal-dust oh thank
you guys for finally doing something in
this game oh my days
yeah fake it fake it others first nice
wait you're coming up for that play him
play him in play min who's this no I
didn't just no no no you mad that's the
game there lads I've actually I've just
lost I've just lost that can 3-1 so I
don't win the title so I've been
promoted but I'm not happy because you
know I do my next like two and a half
thousand coins or something so it's
annoying but move on
try item B so I am selling all of the
players I don't need in this team I know
and no people are gonna get angry with
this team change but top comment I got
to do it so the next player I can afford
easily is in Sydney he's a cam but I'm
gonna have to get him as a camera and
trade him to it cm so you know that
there we go 1100 it's cheap another
player to get is Kali Han so that's
another thousand 800 I'm running out of
money here and then we run into a
problem because Amuro is freaking forty
thousand coins so he's gonna be pushed
back a long time
and guess what so is a battery so I'm
not gonna change my side backs from
right now because there is well however
you say it's Cicero's I don't know how
you said don't judge me okay he's
reachable so I'm gonna try and get him
for less than a thousand coins if
possible so that team has changed
dramatically I don't have enough players
yet I need that frickin a bar bow to
play so I'm gonna have to use the BPL
team for this game which just happens to
be the first game of division force so
let's see what Division four has to
offer BPO insane team great can't wait
to lose another game
come on Gaston come on oh oh oh
flame bring it Oh
shit yeah ready ready there it is
there's the ball he's played it he's
played it too wide mate no no no no no
stop good away get away from my goal hey
hey hey Oh Joely car one day old play
some football let's play some football
gone gone play flaming flaming okay at
turning okay wait alright no no wait
this is a work art sale do something
okay
come on Diego come on man just go Nepos
smash or miss the goal you know what
whatever you want oh my god he's got a
really good attack now because of that
no no no no no every frickin skull just
gets in the way of everything player
Clem pass okay and then turn and the
bank bank that's there it is storage is
the man you know oh no oh no no oh my
fucking boo boy I don't know what that
is toss again pass again okay there you
go there you get where you get know
where wherever the King Juan Diego oh my
god Diego Costa you beautiful bad oh my
gosh half time and I'm winning so three
two this is the vision for remembers if
I win this game pretty well
come on mate come on run just run and
then have a bang of a bag son far side
far side far side there we go storage
house you touch me boom fuck out here
last divisions African got disconnected
like three times or something
this time I'm back and I am just gonna
destroy this division come on man get
rid of this get rid all right now
everything's changed Oh
nervous you little dickhead come back
come back
look oh no oh no no no no no no no let's
go please be on please be on please
please please oh my god I think you sir
he was on oh my gosh there you go ha ha
ha
Oh ready boom Oh raffle take the pen I
did not mean though again and you know I
didn't promise leave but am I gonna turn
down a free penalty no and am I gonna
score the penalty
yes that is
that there we go first game of the
vision for a winner needs another four
winds that are draw to get promoted next
episode I'm going to try and save up to
get a bar bow let me know what you want
me to do in the comments the most liked
comment will be the one I choose unless
it's a troll comment because I'm on to
you okay that's all today that you're
switching and shree up I'm not sure why
my screens frozen I'm pretty certain I
got the wrong pack
no I didn't do it okay okay I've got
mine
cool I didn't my elder stay here I'm
gonna I'm gonna choose a player really
quick okay let me just open my pack so I
need to look for the best that's why my
players and amis you don't you stop yeah
okay okay you get to choose one pie oh
okay
chosen
