every now and then a man has to test
himself and in order to test himself he
must be put against the team better than
his own whoa this this is what I am
facing today
my ultimate team series against his
rags-to-riches series that can only be
one winner unless we draw but that can
still only be one winner Ethan yeah what
the fuck have I just got myself in for
oh my god why am I playing this game why
am I playing it's Ethan's team my team
I'm in that division five or something
like that well yeah yeah hey didn't see
that coming - yeah yeah oh hey when that
when that boom boom dudas was it oh no
let's go let's go pop shits in a bike I
go eyes on so I've heard that Ethan is
freaking undefeated in his series come
on I'm putting the pressure on but I
need a goal Bears team is so good
how the hell am I going to score against
all these legends no no no no no do not
go on flaming flaming Oh bah what what
just happened what just all my days lay
claim lamb oh my god
just bring it to me get the rebound
where's the rebound yeah come on my team
is just I need to score mas mas ref wait
like a dude
oh my god how did this still going in
the first place look at this look both
posts that out closet
pastas there you go there you go google
it oh right mom mom what the fuck is up
this Arizona's go go oh my god to nil
I'm willing to new a bar boat is a month
from saving a bar boat because this look
at this little ball from Papa Oh to know
even how you failed in the work I can
get a third goal I need a third guys
he's gonna get them to change I know it
what's happening man you haven't here's
another Sean target believes I could
really use the whistle right about now
that's it that's surely surely that's
the whistle ref where the hell is this
whistle there with your halftime
two-nil up who'd a thunk it and he still
hasn't had a shot on target but the next
goal is the most important goal because
if he scores
I can guarantee I don't win gone Juan
cuadrado come on I've got another attack
this is the big moment
big moment in the game anyway thank you
you can't be hacking me there this Henry
is pretty much decide the game there is
there is please pretty much won it I'm
just pretty much beat anything
oh my god oh my god oh my god video
video Joe videos grass is it and a
baa-baa
he's got a father father years a drink
Ethan man you said you've never lost
this thing was not before now if this
moment evening he
Oh
No what the hell what the hell is going
on take them down take them down
oh my god - come back - the momentum has
changed and don't say that is the
momentum okay because there is a hundred
percent fuck off fuck
no no reason it's for three Ethan's
gonna win that Ethan's actually gonna
win because oh I can't do anything like
claiming well you see that's what I mean
that's what I mean if that was in the
first off I guarantee you that would
work and now look now that's why I mean
that's why I mean there is genuinely
something in this game that just changes
I've just thrown a frickin for Neil win
let's all understand this game why can't
I just score as soon as he gets on a
roll
I can't score oh my god yeah well I'm
just doing this I can still win this I
can still win this blood red and then
bring across like so what are you doing
that's it we drew we just just I just
threw away a four nil lead and drew with
that I'm not fucking happy I'm not happy
I was four near luck
considering where his shots are from as
well and how like look where my shots
are from I had nine shots on-target from
that close and I scored four well played
the ether man we got a draw cop I don't
know how that's all for today thank you
guys for watching and sure
