what's up guys and welcome to a pack
opening I've done a couple of these
recently because there are lunar packs
out right now I haven't got anything
good so what my plan is is that it is
the last day of this I think is it's at
least the last day of packs okay so my
logic is I've had no luck in the car
I've had no luck with packs this is my
last chance so I need to get something
good and it is just my luck because
they've literally just come out there
are 50,000 crying packs is only three so
it's not many you know I should get
someone and when there's all these
players in form you know like I should
get someone hopefully even if they're
not in form as long as they're good
we're gonna open like 10 or so packs
like gold packs burst just get the bad
luck out the way then we'll go for the
50k packs
so first pack doesn't matter this much
move away okay let's see if I'm gonna
get any luck today first real purpose
real biosex my first real pack this
isn't gonna be my day is it come on
hazard I need a good player today and it
Oh fàbregas is good isn't he 84 rated
is it is iam proof that winter upgrade
yeah yeah we're getting some all right
for that well we'll get a one all right
player but only open up four packs oh
hey ha ha ha ha but I'm young I'm open
some more at ease because I'm only open
like 7 or something like that but I've
already got fàbregas which is ISA I'm
not getting anyone else apparently but
if I can get one informed that is a
success because I haven't got one in
there tom really why are they playing
games with me come on please the a could
have someone good why okay you know what
I'm just not feeling the pick today but
this is the last pack the fortification
then I will open all three and okay that
Baldino three average players
hey hats three of them I need to get one
good player one good does it one good
player and this is a weird glitch okay
so I can sit here sorry to like stop
this but look at this okay it's gonna
refresh in a second there we go and now
now what is that what's that glitch now
I have a pack cool fuck is that shit out
EA okay pack what home lose grass or I'm
not looking I'm not looking
I need someone good please can I have
someone just one one forum please please
please are you mad I get a fabric yes
again swag I don't get anyone good I'm
not gonna cry this is Patti
I'm looking this side because that last
one didn't work please liate no I get
matter so much I know he's 85 rated book
for 50k if he went for 50k I'd be happy
3000 coins 3000 coins just don't want to
open this I'm opening it but I don't
want to because I know I'm not gonna get
anything these are so bad and my luck is
now I'm gonna sit here open packs until
I get someone good please holy shit
please an informed on the ledgers oh my
god I open 50k bikes I know you're
anything then open that and I get the
young what this fuck this fucking you
know ya just wanna give me a good inform
like to make up for Dion feel free just
saying you know it don't have to be do
you think you know whatever you want to
do EA if you want to keep loading feel
free just saying it would be pretty nice
if you gave me another informant you
want to carry on whatever do your thing
here you the man take that back your
dickheads they play play whoa boom boom
one nil
I don't know who scored that but I'm
winning forte is on a mission
Quartey is on a mission oh look at this
oh no he's always keep her out but again
don't blame there's the Duke boom oh
storage to nil is there gonna be a quick
quick quick quick quick
he's a quick quick quick 11 min
