yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to not safe for YouTube I have a don't
you dare don't you dare we have the
square is dead on YouTube will any here
today I don't like you I just do it like
fine
not cool I guess if you don't know how
this works basically I have 20 comments
either taken from a porn video or a mini
Minter /mm seven games video some people
say they're the same thing you know
whether it is a porn comment or mic okay
okay I'm good with it and every one you
get right you get a point
okay school right now is case I so
that's 13 13 out of 20 okay
the first comment is I've taken shits
that make me scream louder than her are
they any YouTube video or one of your
YouTube videos I'm either but it can be
second channel or maybe when have you
had a girl in your videos though must
have been at least three or four yes did
you ever put your videos like ah I know
I feel like it's bait a double bluff
your race and devils love right there
fuck gonna say YouTube well I can tell
you guys though will is one of the
keenest players I've ever had on this
that was wrong it was eroded it was a oh
shit okay but my mum said she likes
getting things to get to right in the
hole that's in YouTube all day that has
to use your a hundred percent but the
reside a comment no mmm you two
questions anybody's goodbye lately
butter I just want to say in the most
honest and genuine way possible on this
site you will gorgeous your face your
smile your lips your eyes and your whole
body is absolutely beautiful we're gonna
get on the comment here haha and from
what I've seen of you you seem like a
lovely person
your smashes a lot you are so so so
pretty
and you have every reason to love
yourself I wish you the best
you okay Dupree no I'm gonna say porn
I'm gonna say that's just an overly
amorous porn funsies
don't try that with me I put myself on
both pieces yeah you're not gonna say
anything about my smile or you know my
face my lips my eyes my whole body I
want to sleep with you no I don't mean
sex I mean sleep together under a
blanket in your bed while you're laying
on my arm with your other hand on your
tummy with the window cracked so it's
chilly so we have to cuddle closer no
talking just a muffled cries that you
slowly let seep away from your gurgling
mouth as I slit your throat and
sacrifice your worthless life for the
dog baby I was fully sold on this me
like a mini mint or imagine but then
that took a dark turn I feel like that's
someone post nut on a YouTube video
trying to get top comment I've seen this
day of your comment section before we
first I'm gonna say YouTube yes porn
porn porn porn so no no um Deji
it's all new shit no were you reacting
to deadlies videos this is got a bar bow
an arrow to the knee
give us a point I'm competing with him
not so family disgusting just I
overthink it just go first this thing we
said no because he know my first things
YouTube and you want me to lose I guess
they poured boys yeah it was poor yeah
looking smart okay the way he puts it in
you God I've watched that part so many
times that was YouTube what's the
content I don't think anyone wants to
know that well deep throat at 12:30
sounds like a horse walking on paper
yeah you gotta be born started well that
I lost my erection at 416 that loan
didn't seem human I'm not in the
position to be dropping points although
it doesn't mean you watch less porn or
less mini men I mean I hope there's
probably good thing we know porn
we got porn yeah sure stop it are you
sure tell me the unlocks ah yes
to help you I tried I tried giving you a
second shot that's why I said like final
are you sure his armpits are so hairy
YouTube yeah yeah wait what was the
question again his armpit are so hairy
no porridges I'm trying to help you
there its YouTube four out of ten four
minutes thirteen jiggle bassy judo
Moody's on board you can I can help you
out so you can't poured sir are you sure
yeah what you pow jiggle Betty who's
gonna say that how do you get your dick
out of a vacuum pipe asking for a friend
and there is a reply to this you need to
turn off the porn Lina and Sean they're
trying to help each other it's porn or
if it's just in the pipe get soft and it
will come out porn porn they're like
this there's a community with porn
comments and if they're trying to help
you no don't do that the reason you've
gone for porn do you think do you think
he's right it's gotta be pause yeah I'd
like to try and help each other I've
seen it before on YouTube no one likes
each other what if the reason we haven't
discovered any intelligent alien life is
because there isn't any and we genuinely
are alone in the universe
porn reply it got my pussy wet now I'm
gonna say Poston say important late
comeback
he's on 6 out of 13 okay yeah blow on it
that'll do the trick
YouTube YouTube yeah Summa LUMMA dooma
LUMMA you assuming I'm a human what I
gotta do to get it through to you I'm
superhuman innovative and I'm made of
rubber so that anything you say is
ricocheting off of me and ugly to you
point for you demonstrating mmm I can't
do it okay okay maybe celebrating
because I know the way to get him
motivated
oh and that's it you know replies not no
replies nothing yeah YouTube is sure you
feel like one comments would be more up
to date with their means yeah it was
it's like a four-year-old things with
your songs boy years old no I'm coming
back so you don't want to be healthy yet
YouTube sorry I tried to help you well
I'm trying
I just don't dress with you don't let
this make you forget hot lemma crap
YouTube you're sticking to you see ya
final answer unless think Donnie's like
doing bits in a Tottenham shit on some
girl am I to it's just like dressed up
as Harry can yeah sorry that was the
hurricane fresh horrible what's your
final answer
so yeah we'll I'll try to help you will
i'll try help you first I've actually
good with you and use me
when's the stepdad gonna stop their
daughter what the fuck is this video I'm
just trying to think of YouTube
scenarios from stepdads I mean I've seen
a few porn ones but I don't know if I've
seen any on this porn game porn yeah
don't try any citrus cornea yes or no
are you sure I'm going porn I'm going
born vinyl I'm going born
I just feel empty I'd shove my dick so
deep inside her that the one who can
pull me out will be named the next King
Arthur I showed up somewhere this week
does have 282 thumbs up we're going
gotta be porn
yo porn yeah how is that mouth open so
why'd you go and YouTube you hey I
didn't say vile answer what's your final
answer YouTube no yes so this is to draw
Vic yeah it's it's like a cliffhanger
for the worst result possible according
to all known laws of aviation there is
no way a thief should be able to fly its
wings are too small to get its focus
it's the opener thing from the B movie
the bee of course flies it anyway
because these don't care what you think
I'm in such a bad situation right now
I'm saying is you get this wrong and you
are dead last on your own you know what
I make I just lose all the weight over
there pretty much yeah YouTube YouTube
I'm going YouTube are you sure no not at
all but I'm going through yes final
answer final final answer yes fun I
ain't dead lost it was porn I tried to
help you
no you didn't you try to help me until
the one time I wanted help from you you
fucked me dude try that so there we have
it mr. will any against nine points
Watson like you I just I'd switch hi who
flies over today I'm not safe at YouTube
and make sure you check out wills
channel in the description subscribe
while you're over there he makes some
sort of idiot everything no he makes
reaction oh you love it you love DJ they
don't
they're gonna waste konkey pop I see in
the face don't like music the hair for
the fame window my mom lost in the game
no she time for one reason
ain't touch time I know it means if
energy in the sting who is people's you
said
