rival sub guys and as it is Chinese New
Year that means one thing
an ultimate team cup Betty didn't expand
our table so now is a Lunar New Year cup
which is just the most retarded thing
I've ever seen okay why I don't
understand this if someone can explain
it you get a gold star why do you have
to use two players from coal net two
players from Derby two players from
Guadalajara and two players from dort
direct mean what the fuck is this trophy
and to make even worse surprise there's
only two K coins and a rare gold Palace
it's not even worth it but I don't have
much luck with cups so I reckon this is
the one that I will because I got you
know my two players from Darby I got my
two players from Grandal AHA I got my
two players daughter Acton I got my two
players from coal then I decided to top
it off with a few gold players and just
in case I get in any trouble boom we got
this Suppan so you know I'm kind of I'm
kind of safe really as long as I do make
yourselves I guess you see if anyone's
actually playing this because it's such
a specific and stupid Cup I wouldn't be
surprised if no one's on well I was
wrong that only took about six seconds
and I'm in a game okay so yeah yeah he's
done pretty much what I've done okay so
I'm not gonna use like Ronaldo and that
lot until I have to because it's kind of
cheating I always complain when people
do it they play play whoa boom boom one
nil I don't know who scored that but I'm
winning Forte's on a mission Quartey is
on a mission oh look at this Oh No
you've always keep her out but again
don't blame there's the Duke boom go
straight to nil is there gonna be quick
quick quick quick quick
he's a quick quick quick up 11 minutes
in and he had two shots that score both
of them and he's gone so round two we
end someone with a little of chemistry
he's gone for defense he's gone for
defense look at that that's disgusting
right I should not concede in this game
because he doesn't have an attack force
you might have a good defense but he
doesn't have the attack guy I have run
run run oh okay gone it's gone seen him
in the seiderman
ball one
I don't understand how that actually
went in this team is act oh my god he's
already put on golden he has a full
frickin gold defense right now
shit shit shit don't please no w where w
register be ready
fuck I've got a red but I'm winning you
know what if this guy's gonna cheat I'm
gonna cheat okay I'm just gonna bring on
Ronaldo for storage fuck it let's just
go yeah let it be breathes on one I
could bring one on he's just bran bail I
bring on an Audi how they'll know do not
give up no oh no tag Oh bullshit how did
that get through three players right you
know what I need to get another gold bag
let's go Ronaldo now that breath
come on that should be a red I don't
know if there's any point in this but
let's just let's just have a go with
Ronaldo Oh where's the follow-up where
is like seriously how does he if this
when he plays it up front he has so many
players up front no no oh my god he is
abuse of he's a bail he's abusing mail I
know I bought him an out over his bail
was just I don't get it I don't know
what to do
Ref that's a foul thank you to him oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh wow oh my
people just fumbled that losing a half
time
I'm not even sure how that 11th man
really made a difference
Tarin Oh Darwin used to do a Ronaldo has
been trying to do look at that finish
oh it's beautiful so it's oh my god oh
my god why develop your hero where the
hell does my team just got no now I
start please don't wake my defense just
disappears his attack is so strong
okay run Darren run run just run where
is your pace gone where's your big gun
smushy across across this is the time
play pass but big now when you score
from like they 5 yards and then this
from there come on in it's pus it what's
enough was it up no serious all that
snows please win that we go
see the far side see the far side please
come on this team was so promising to
start with and now it's just gonna all
downhill oh shit look look at this look
look he's even trying to pass it there I
have this one chance I have to cross it
come on now okay and then a ball in the
shocking ball would have pulled on the
left are you serious
somehow he's got me there okay nine
eight I know you're going there but
please please give me one more one more
time no don't understand why that red
card really really fucked me over and I
know I brought under an outer okay and
I'm not trying to make excuses but why
the fuck ei so retarded that you can
just sub up all the bad players you put
in specifications for no reason oh
you'll have a derby player no I just
changed the mode the first minute for
Ronaldo so done with tournaments I don't
think I'm even going to try the next one
you know I'm in a bad mood I'm going
thanks for watching and Shriya but team
in a week when I got team of the years I
was leaving complaining about games even
a week so now I can't find any this is
the one this is the pack I can feel it
three two one Hey
