Happy New Year China it is the Lunar New
Year which means there are new packs out
and there was also new team in a week
out two days ago I want to say and oh my
days this team okay we have Leonel Messi
we have Thomas Muller we have Mario
g√∂tze we have warrants muling and a few
other players that are all good as well
if I get any of them I will be happy I
haven't had luck recently okay so it's
since team of the year I just can't get
any good players so I'm hoping today is
the day where I get one hopefully one of
the best and there are 20 of these packs
are gonna be opening 15k packs there are
20 of them as I said and there are also
five of these 25k types so I'm going to
do all of the 15k packs first the first
one just you know get out the way I'm
you know whatever it's always a bad pack
so just get out of the way come on just
show me what yeah there you go okay now
I can start getting good players because
you know that is like the first pack I
don't think I think once I've ever got
something good so now I can start
shirley's a little bit better and yes I
know it's not pronounced surely but
that's just what I call him right I'm
not looking for this one did I get known
as Phil acquittal as Peter quit anyone
else
no please can I have a team of the week
when I got team of the years I was
littering complaining about against even
a week so now I can't find any this is
the one this is the pack I can feel it
three two one hey da not a single
fucking block are you mad you see no
players
DRB moukaku oh my god oh that's five
packs gone already and so far I've got
Shirley and Lukaku that's about it
now Oh
I mean I can't complain Oh an Taurasi at
nursery I just got three players that
are better than every single player I've
got so far put together okay maybe
things that changing over so far that
things are changing the Simon come on
come on what do I do to get a frickin
black card not that kind of black card
you know what PAC superstition actually
got me something good okay it was going
under the desk so I mean I'm kind of out
of options right now so I'm gonna try it
okay now I feel like this desk is a lot
smaller than it was last up no let's go
okay
I'm just gonna stay under here this is a
bad idea this is a really bad idea I'm
getting crap cramp in my leg this is bad
guys those crab bitches to get it out ah
ah ah crumb is like the worst thing ever
made well it wasn't me ah right this
time I'm gonna head out the room because
that doesn't involve me like getting
cramp some I hope I really hope
why can't I get good play at Maron I
didn't even get a rare player that I
haven't gone
I just got someone who's gonna touch me
while I sleep I got my boy dough I've
got my boy see that see how it says boy
boy you know like seven red seven packs
of F seven is my lucky number
Illuminati confirmed all that jazz ah
why are they giving me more coins
I just want players I know I could use
going to my players but I want a player
in a pack over Femi Martin's who now
looks like the tree what what is going
on with his head but just what someone
but I could be like oh shit no our out
again I have two packs left that's it
there's time to play some to hang this
is the truth this come on
come on hit him with a little gonna ban
some so right last 15k back and I've got
no one fantastic this is so great I
freakin love this Chinese New Year okay
I have 525 K packs left if I get no one
I'm gonna be so pissed off give me
something good something better than
disco I'm getting drunk just win a pack
why is Toby in my box I guarantee I like
anyone guaranteed oh my god three pipes
left this is just ridiculous
I just can't I actually can't get over
this three mastery please I thought with
so many pack so many coins worth and I
get freaking Venetia
okay doom beers all right just like tank
aver still not worth anything we're
bringing in a big guns for this one last
pack you know what has to be done
come on how the hell am I gonna get
absolutely nothing that's just nothing
so this is my final pack okay we are
done
I'm not even any more packs and always
there any more needs okay maybe another
time but right now
that sums up my luck so I'm done for
today thank you guys for watching and
see you oh I don't know how you say his
name okay everyone keeps commenting
saying like how do you say his name
wrong but he's good I don't care okay
come on come on where we going where we
get ready
Oh didn't expect that I didn't even do a
trick what is no that's all I wanted to
do it's no I wanna do that's not the
trick come on run just run just run
pretty
