there I was just looking through my
comments I saw this one this had a lot
of life so you know I thought why not
just go sell my team and a bow marble
adobe is too expensive so yeah that was
the most liked comment to get do mere in
a bar bow but I can't afford to do so
I'm not gonna use a bar by just yet
because I need to swap in do me a for a
barber and then put the newer bubble as
right-winger and kind of mix it all
around if you know what I mean so when I
have enough money I will buy doom beer
now for some reason we have a free gold
Pike and I don't know the point of this
is one rare card
there's no point but that's terrible but
we have tense times right now we have
three games left we need two wins out of
these three to get promoted we need
three wins if you want the title I'm not
really holding my breath for the title
but I need to get promoted so no more
wasting time at the first game is
against viral ads good tea it's it's a
very very good team but I have to win so
I'm going to what I don't normally tell
you guys is that I when I lose I lose on
purpose okay you know I can win any game
I want to ready watch this I'll just run
through him now ready okay oh look
this is how we do this ah rs.100 I don't
know how you say his name okay everyone
keeps commenting saying like how do you
say it's a month but he's good
I don't care okay come on come on we're
weekend where we get ready
Oh didn't expect that I didn't even do a
trick what is no that's all I wanted to
do it's no I want it no that's not the
trick
come on run just run just run pretty Oh
always read it through to okay I'm there
pause it back and then bang Wow I bet
you - I told you lies i can i can get
promoted but i want go play right oh no
- me no dad I don't know what I'm doing
anymore okay this is a good isn't a good
Gorgan good before while I got a free
kick from here I was actually through I
don't know what to do from these three
kids don't ever oh my god oh my god I
actually scored I was just about to say
I can never score from these come on get
there get there get there get and Oh bye
mate okay that wasn't meant okay I'll
say that I'll stay a free kick I guess
we go just they're just a little deep
the hair is retarded right second off
why isn't he quit yet okay not surely
charlie just come back don't oh my god
oh my god don't look if he comes back
I'm gonna cry oh my god please please
this is actually we did no no yes
okay you know what there's nothing to do
here except to smash it go on pop-up
pop-up that's soap I try that every time
I get freaking on the engine area never
works
who's it bringing our knees bringing on
Wayne Rooney for Boateng
oh my god it's worked it's right oh my
god it's due to its three two in this
five minutes I'm gonna draw okay he's
fucked up he's fucked up he's fucked up
go go just run just run just run just
alright alright and then get up awake
just he's wonderful - oh my god that is
a weight off of my shoulders he's done
it he's done it lads us one win out of
the two I need so I need one more win
that is it fights up to my BPL team so
yes you see how this goes I'm playing
against man United but not even first
team Man United the one he's playing
with African like Reserve Man United see
Manny Knight aren't even like why am i
passing there come on I don't think I'm
gonna get a better chance to get
promoted than this please please
there we go jugo cuts the 1 nil up 15
minutes in there you go again Sturridge
look pop boom 2 nil 1 minute later than
the first goal ok I don't know what to
do so I'm gonna whip it in like that
why are you running out you'll run out
this guy's dying play some nice look oh
my god Wilson just scored against me the
fuck is Wilson this guy does play some
nice football figures team lets him down
quite a bit
get rid of the Laney foot no nope oh
that's fine that's fine
Oh sugarless : you miss complaint Leblon
okay and turn up oh there's a friend but
the way this is too close that I like it
what the fuck what the fuck what the
fuck what
what the skirt all try so many of these
friggin stupid but why are you passing
go play play blend blend
I don't store this is come on , it's
gotta be karma karma come on please
please be on please please near post
boom what the hell
oh my god oh my god oh my god he just
got 2nd yellow hair so you're the best
free kick taker here please I need a
left foot this is the moment
please so please know my heart because
okay I've got it back I've got it back
ah also dancing be nice cause this is
his last chance if he doesn't score
there have won it I've won cool mate
this is this is some nice play no I
didn't fuck up my school - I will take
that happily so I've got promotion now
and that is a guaranteed five-and-a-half
thousand coins next episodes you'll put
me on a total of about eleven thousand
coins that could buy timber if you want
me to if I win the title that seven
thousand cause I have like you know like
13 14 thousand coins the most liked
comment will be the one I choose to be
sure to like each other's comments thank
you guys for watching 3 up having
troubles or even for a dead man then
then JJ's your dead man hung no stop it
John got free-kick nice good work
yes oh my god she makes me laugh you
won't touch me woah grip me how to melt
back ow
