hi again it's me no intro so gonna noise
what's up guys in today I'm right into
old videos I did this about a week ago
no I've got another six videos that I'm
gonna watch and basically just cringe so
much because you'll see why so I'm gonna
start this off with a old thief video
like I did last time and this series
basically I started a series where I
realized I wanted to do seasons but to
do that I had to get relegated which is
it sounds like it's not bad but I
basically tried to think of any weird
way that I could to get relegated so
yeah this is this is the first video oh
my god I spent so long in the intro that
wasn't even it wasn't that's not even a
difficult road that's took me so long to
do that I don't even know what what's
happening right now why am I trying to
spoil shouting a renegade forget this
that's not gonna get you relegated
though oh my god fine goals oh my god
huge like dubstep music behind this oh
my god I made that so epic you dribble
beyond even this early on I still hated
Millwall okay I chose Millwall literally
just to get red card and this is the
final one okay where is it where is it
there it is there's the final red card
one give him the red second yellow zero
okay you know what we're gonna we're
gonna move away from FIFA now we're
gonna move on to something that when I
did it I was so proud and then I watched
back the footage and I was like firstly
what the fuck am i doing secondly what
the fuck am i doing
this is where I basically thought to
myself let's try and prank my dad okay
so I decided to lie in the snow with a
been she over me that I didn't realize
until Hood turns blue in the snow then
as my dad drives into the driveway I
gallop from under the she and throw
snowballs I am why didn't I just hide by
an edge so this is pranking my dad
Frank and there's just just absolutely
shocking and people keep asking me okay
so people keep saying what if you had
run you over look realistically look
where I am okay there's no way they'd
even run me over because that bit there
is a sea grass and there's like the
stones where the cars go
okay wait wait wait stop just stop that
just stop that
why the hell did I think that was a good
idea because firstly I had no idea how
long my dad was gonna be I ended up
waiting out there for about 25 minutes
secondly why am i that like I could have
just literally stood by that hedge and
thirdly the SLO is like perfectly smooth
except for one weird patch
it's so obvious on that consider the
video but he actually noticed me there
as well he told me afterwards he said to
me I noticed you but it doesn't make a
difference because I'm a ghost
apparently that's not I'm not even gonna
embarrass my dad in war that's just
embarrassing me enough we're gonna move
on to the next one the next video is one
about I think may have been the first
video and maybe the only video I've done
with Reggie on my channel might be wrong
this was the chicken nugget challenge
we've seen our pointless blog where
Alfie do this one and we kind of decided
let's do it desi was like you know I'm
black I can eat chicken that's not me
saying that that's him and I kind of
thought I can eat more the deadly cuz
I've seen in me and he doesn't need much
so the nugget challenge you gotta eat 60
nuggets in 20 minutes oh my god oh my
god that's ready just stopped in low he
literally put like four nuggets in his
mouth at once right did she only ate
like ten nuggets in general so to put
four in his mouth at once does literally
my a line on the side is like dead Jesus
on the front because if you put too much
sauce and it fills the chicken nugget
and you don't one source
that's desi logic for you even from this
time he was retarded he's promoting his
brother case our - oh then we move on to
his brother JJ where me and him had a
wager to burn the other person's shirt
now he actually wanted me to burn my own
shirt if I lost but I was like there's
no way I'm burning a lead show cuz then
I could never go to Leeds again this is
the starve a fever rivalry yeah okay
I don't even have to do that effect
anymore
yeah hmm okay
no no I'm just kidding oh then I beat
him and yeah I get to burn this shirt
top of the league oh yeah that's hot
there we go
how's that Al's our favor I am a
ruggedized you guys that was probably
one of the best feelings in my life like
out of everything
burning Jesus Christ chick is this the
game I wasn't burning an astral shirt I
was burning a case I see oh okay so that
you can all be on board with video
number five we have the first video of
the sidemen this is where it all started
this is the first GBA episode this is
actually on my second channel so if you
don't know that you can check out in the
description you run me over before I
knew out that and then your car no music
is fun no like coming out of wave is
slapping you funny I'm gonna do some of
the eat some say he's never returned
from that evening session that's why
he's doing our GTA's sessions anymore
because he went to eat I never seen him
again this is gonna improve time but it
is a brew pile on don't deny now we move
on to the final video which I I don't
want to watch much of this okay because
I find it so cringy if you don't want to
do another one like this I find it so
cringy I just can't watch it this is
truth or dare 3 right well enough of
that let's get stress on the questions
there's no real glasses
Simon you go first I'd like to a he's
picked a dare so could you please step
into our arena to do your time the arena
friends of you also known as somewhere
the kitchen
place this over your face son no no this
is just this is just so weird bro I stop
my hands for 15 second my dick was like
this at that point to do the last
challenge this is the biggest I
literally love drop this this I drop a
short of ketchup is so much that was
like a double shot as well that makes me
feel that makes me feel so sick like
that genuinely made me feel so sick now
that was back when I thought you know
I'd go to jail how those working the
shaker thing he's the what was that oh
my god oh my god things like happy with
that this is the end of video I just
don't I don't know how exactly the whole
thing's this I had to ask JD why is that
my mum was actually sitting there
watching oh my god slut
oh you know what I think we're gonna
have to just leave it there we're done
with video still today that's it you
guys have any other videos want me to
react so you can leave it make comments
or if you have any ideas you want me to
do let me know through Twitter that's
all for today thank you guys for
watching in the hand yeah feel free to
check those videos out I mean you've
seen some of it but yeah I don't know
why they're still there that's all for
today thank you guys watching and the GD
was stabbed to the Maximo
beautiful wait where are they started
covering yes
