okay so we are in division 10 we need
one point for promotion okay we have
three games left we need four points to
the title yes no we don't know wouldn't
point need one point your point just
come says right now I'm gonna fuck all
of you over no please Oh Kimmy don't
help me please in the comments don't
abuse me Game one
let's go oh no I got him no I got it I
can get why we play with Vic sometimes I
forget why we see for some JJ having
trouble talking sure there man then JJ's
you're dead man hyung no stop it oh yeah
I'm gonna free kick nice good work
yes oh my god she makes me laugh you
won't touch me oh let me have him out
back out hey she's a brand new property
we feel he's playing camp dick a wet
fart ha ha ha ha vo a right choice see
baby I told you I've given you up so
I'll know he's gone Graham JJ go run
away go get give salable wait oh sure
you said someone that could be them yes
JJ through something go josh is on side
yeah in the way why is the biggest
player playing on the way
why is whole being gay no oh this is
beautiful
oh wait so you pardon Ava so hard oh oh
what is beauty JJ oh oh
put it there you go way to be a bicycle
hello hello there you go that fast that
fast don't know you tried something
wrong
that was straight dope look at that JJ
need a singer I deal with a finest crack
round here
oh stop coming why is he doing this okay
mother to my amazing memories bad soon
or the GD was stabbed
Louisville ticky-tack up to the maxime
oh my god you ain't God is a beautiful
wait where are they taking camera angle
what kind of - oh well yes we are doing
the promotion so we are one step closer
to the title we need one point guys if
we don't do this I'm gonna cry
hi guys ready you go ready
no don't you min ago when I said oh yeah
ready I go
Josh Josh ready just go you go anything
we fucking go just bid you welcome gonna
dance I'm ready to go that would be
yummy gonna be now close your anger
though you showed them what do you I
came in like a monkey huh clean sheet
sit down please
remote I'm so in Jane oh hey playboy oh
my god oh yes
oh I'm fine Evelyn side the right all
right get all symbol is it's a new
tactic oh my gosh look at the paintings
on iPhones oh my god that's of any fun
Ethan you were looking for a fucking
tennis you just got fuck go of it yes
victim yeah dude I'm a mining dummy yeah
that makeups my tinder antics no goes
out what up top what up boy late to
church mice which is trying to run it
shit and looking for this squiggles
is oh sorry miss no that sees his header
you'll ever try not squat in your life
do you hear yourself no no what was up
is gay way socket what stuffand and
mainly really decided first time for
slideshow no we agree that we took the
blue pill PowerPoint what is going on
right before our eyes oh it's going
superhero skills your time to stop pause
me I mean big blue one more there you go
baby
stop oh no no grey would you shoot from
there cuz I on top goes good on
valuation my name is hung man that
doesn't make any sense
stop saying your own yes is the only
word he knows so Ethan talking about so
I get what it mate rang is beautiful
today showing dead man oh fuck I don't
like this don't touch me don't touch me
great one JJ oh oh oh oh I don't know if
you slip I don't know Eva decent golf
tinder I'm playing it now you are moving
to serve any bitches endure oh wait wait
wait
you say whoa wait
I beg basil have you been given a task
he says a madman yes Raja Babu
oh that looks very nice yes what yeah
how that works
that's hot so boys good he's a girl
tinder you can tell when he's just on
the match never yeah Oh No
JJ's JDate thanks co-op celebrated hang
yourself hey wait how much do we need
giving up get the title
we need one point yes it right hold on
come on here just hold on we're going
home guys a visionary just so I have a
hug going home wait we're still going
I'm still there you got a big dick go
time oh come on is usually really Jody's
so hard men walking on in that usually
goes in
I had no Lube - oh Jesus Foster Vic spam
the redbud rider falls if she's feeling
everyone's found the red bag what is
that one
oh shit fucking on tinder again oh it's
definitely not fun oh it's cuz Ethan
come on well I slice it and I see it now
no good no upside oh my god you can save
us oh I don't know it's a Nikon oh my oh
you just say you God that's the worst
fucking shit obvious none of us good
love it pic-a-nic you never we did it
yeah
what would you know you know nine shit
what's the trophy float Thank You Ming
Grammy why does followed up again
you look so walk my turkey this hour
well
just just what do you do Ethan really
close again and sing there oh my god
really you went for that part oh haha
shit ah yes release run hazard yes okay
and then you play him in and then you
put it back and it's no are you see
really no go go see the ball
