what's up guys and welcome to a wager
now I don't normally do these on this
channel but I have done something else
caprese I've done some in the past today
I'm taking on even or bazinga as you may
know him we are playing for a monster of
a car okay we are playing for Man of the
Match Yaya touré now before we start
you guys want any also a team go check I
want fifa.com in the description use me
5 you get 5 cent discount
this is mad same so we have a man of the
match story we have a man of the match
pony we have in Felucia and then my
standard BPL team these players are so
sick Ethan and not know what hit him
exactly kind of will because he kind of
showed me about Bernie burn anyway
moving on
we're playing Ethan let's go oh yeah
Ethan let's go right now I know Ethan's
not too good for his team is fucking
retarded I I could do this I can do this
hi Ethan here we go run woo oh why do I
run into him ah don't even don't even
don't even just just what do you do
Ethan really boss again and sing there
oh my god really you went for that pass
oh ha ha
shit oh yes release run hazard yes ok
and then you play him in and then you
put it back add you snow are you see
really no go go see the ball
see the ball such at this amazing as a
wizard he's a wizard man oh shit oh no
get you are that's ago yeah plus it give
us - I might add to my ass man it was
shit there you go and then we
now play on play on restaurant let's
rock
boom whoa okay playing eyes off his off
isn't he
I stopped no oh my god I thought he was
but then he just played on for so long
oh my god oh my god
storage what yes stories well again I've
got a nice little tack nice built at my
side there it is there's the good book
and then touch address Phyllis know what
frickin matter the magic pony comes
caught up please okay you know what
let's just lets us get on now he's
blocking the cross he knows passed there
and done
oh and this much of us oh my god that's
the end that's the end behalf oh my date
somehow there's only been one shot on
target feel like it's a little bit too
tense so imma just have to loosen up you
know loosen up and score some goals I
don't know that we're just that such a
stalemate right now I can't I can't do
anything against them no no this is
gonna be the difference oh please please
come on okay you know what I'm going
attacking oh no oh no oh no slide no no
are you doing that you seriously try
anything about how much you hate killers
please please please don oh my god oh
yes Oh shapen I'm taking that story of
your hands of you man
whoa nice Birds up but I really
appreciate hey we're not win that gone
boom ah
form no no okay smash yup really really
you just you just stretch through a ball
that was right in front of you oh shit
oh shit
oh no please no help seriously
oh my god hi this is it this is actually
the end it's gonna end and it's gonna
it's one all it's gonna end this gonna
be one all are you mad
run just run please please please please
smash it no you matter the match you mad
okay Oh
what the fuck just happened one last
pass last pass okay going going and then
you play him you play him and then he
smashes it oh my God he's just one of
the 90th minute fight you're one of the
matches man and now I've got a couple of
mine but oh my god hazard will do the
job nicely even the fit this is your
last run you have won you fucked up you
fucked it up then one even man that was
a tight gate I didn't expected to be
that tire so I have just won Yaya touré
off Ethan that's like 3 million coins or
something like that thank you guys for
watching
member
