guess who's going home for it day well I
say home and this is my home again to my
parents home yeah so I've had to walk
for about 20 minutes in station which is
everyone in your sleep surprise surprise
so that's why my nose a musical
but aloud with a simple idea with a
little bit of luck in a hold out of work
I hold I was the real reason I came home
happy
hello look right okay so we decided to
go Watford I'm with my brother hey Nick
hey someone you look like Seth Rogen in
the driving test vlog i watch the other
day how do you feel like yeah I can see
it anyway yeah we just decided to go
shopping kind of fish it's not shopping
it's it's Nando's that's my favorite
show
swag made it clear that figures we watch
obstacle
cook more watching sip no Nick Nick why
are they buying noses we know
what thought nah
so in st. no not we're not in
Sainsbury's yet we're going to
Sainsbury's quantum on erosion on now
they can do it hey we're going to
Sainsbury's to buy reggae reggae food
and yeah that's it but I guarantee we
come up with other stuff twelve seconds
later so we went in and we got the
Reggae Reggae sauce but we also got
whipped cream because you have obsession
was slapping me with whipped cream so
apparently that's gonna happen later and
then we also watch mini donuts
Hey flour nope okay bye so it is very
late I got your mom always bouncing on
the bed but I'm back in my old room let
me this is where I use them this well
actually this is where I used to do my
videos just here there was a laptop
right there this check this is the exact
same child of that creepy intro hi again
another loads weird being back here you
know I mean I've obviously been back
here like a few times too but I've no
actually done this on video and how
weird it is the a year ago you know I
had like a lot less subs but yeah we
just came home you know a free bah bah
bah tomorrow it'll be in town and then
yeah heading out to London on the
heading back to the Seidman house and
editing his video so good night
Oh Oh
though so on the way home we decided to
come to how freezies favorite place
Shake Shack I'm only about just once it
was with him and he all doesn't hard so
I decided to have it again it's not
really sure how but I kind of ended up
outside a casino and I'm finally getting
home after like Danna
I'm not I'm not really sure what this is
- the mister this log or whatever and
with that
hey Vic hey oh gee van doors gone oh oh
happy I'm home oh
so I'm back yeah I don't know what this
bloke was but I'm done
now I'm going today so you know
