what's up guys welcome to your ultimate
team now last time I tried doing this I
didn't have the best a lot played three
games and I didn't even make it into
like the eighth minute of any of them so
today I'm gonna play another two games
but this time they're gonna go well now
before I start if you guys want to be
able to a Team Coins check out one
fifa.com
in the description usually five-year
five cent discount this is a momentous
occasion okay firstly because I don't
think this has ever happened before I
have a free pack so I guess I could open
it's only it's only like a non rare you
know one of these terrible ones but it's
still a free pack still gets us coins
and yeah let's let's just see okay I'm
not no cool well I did nothing but
anyways the top comment was this and
again the first time ever I think I'm
gonna actually have to do something that
hasn't been done before I'm gonna ignore
it no no no no no no okay
I know more people would be upset that I
spent the coins on these players and the
people that liked the comments so I have
about 5000 coins you guys need to let me
know who to get I am in Division five I
need to win both of these games today to
be in a very good chance of winning the
title so opponent numero uno is likes
what likes oh my golly gosh okay so I
need to play out why let's go y no
that's that's not white enough white
let's go let's go wide
note wide see you don't know where I'm
going you don't know where oh okay this
formation seems to be working
it doesn't seem where you start pulling
the shirt outside the area you let go
the button and yet they still carry on
pulling lads I think I've found my
kryptonite formation this formation is
retarded
please vampers please keep quiet why
please
aah oh my god what a freakin save that
is please don't make it for nothing oh
my god Laurice is amazing where's the
runs where's the runs this is run
there's no K that's not where I wanted
it but it's kind of what guys a shocked
yen oh that looked terrible to start
with and you know what let's just this
crowd and go
everyone get in there get in there's the
crowding there's a got blend Go Go Go Go
Go please be on please please no how
have you stopped oh no that was my
charts please I need I need a go I need
a go go go go go go deep okay okay you
know what just get corner they'll do a
corner it's fine I could score one of
these corners but is it this one is it
this is it this cool what okay come on
click a touch as P as as me
nigga run no really okay play play
no that's halftime I can't break this
guy's defense now he's got five in the
back
I don't even deserves to be winning I'm
not I'm not gonna lie to you guys I
don't deserve it
oh no no no okay no no no no no Laurice
is actually got whoever told me to get
him I love you oh oh okay no oh oh
storage it was beautiful oh please
please
great great for kickball fuck it Mike
imma find you there is just there's no
there's no game past him there is
literally just look how many players he
has there it's ridiculous latinum I
think this might actually be a me or
Neil I know there aren't many of those
in this channel but I think this this
might have to be one okay God plan plan
okay Morales Ruelas know how have you
grilled I beat all you have to do is
palm it down that's it
nil nil draws barely happened let alone
a Neil Neil draw which to be fair that
draw has now meant I stay in this
division at least I need to wins out for
to get promotion I need three wins out
of four to get the title so I basically
have to win this game time for the
Italian team to step up so what is my
team gonna be fit it's gonna be facing
my mum apparently that's not okay an
Italian team as well and OH
mixed in no we've got a little
Bundesliga link okay you know what let's
just go let's go all right no that's not
worked out pass it back
turn in okay this is the skills aren't
working so far but that's what that's
what that's what the bomber just hit it
you know hit it
holy cow thank you thank you thank you
mean yet no man other now you say his
name so bees boom he's such a soldier
how have you growl that no I mean I
condition just run but then then that
happens somehow it's a goal kick
that's nice too Vimeo is no juvie Neos
killing back post of senior not there
what what happened sorry what just what
what was that for why is he got
free-kick suddenly it is a man it
doesn't okay and kind of does now oh you
beautiful why can they score those okay
where we go
I don't know where to play play no
that's not where I passed it oh my
goodness on oh my god he was on update
out there now though there we go
wait keep it on please convenient
there's the cross where are you right oh
my god turn up turn up the Dow I scored
I saw who was aside okay nice made the
mistake he's made the mistake punish him
punish him oh no oh no oh no no no no no
what
how daddy bitch doesn't have hands how
the hell am I suddenly losing this okay
go play wait please
why are you not doing anything with the
Frick oh my god is on time
if I freaking play two games and I don't
score a goal that is just that
horrendous seriously slide please that's
not sure how it's up Emily I'm freaking
what the bow oh my god
please come on Maurice made it Larry
saved it I'm just gonna stay middle I
know everyone says that by genuinely was
you know what lads it's all out I guess
I go I go attacking for now see if
anything happens if it doesn't then oh
yeah every time please please please
please that's one that's one back yes oh
my god a spam day a spam Dave all right
hi I can't believe I'm actually gonna
lose this game a loss and a draw that is
so bad for an episode okay come on
please please please please please
PLEASE triple tap the starch of a
Japanese it was a dummy yes let's do cha
video it's got to those no no how does
he keep hey just by running through me
just so easily oh my god just every time
I think yeah you know what I'm actually
gonna come back just know what's the
sleepless game I lost for two for two
which now means I have to win all three
of my last three games upon the title
I'd be happy with promotion to be honest
but I need two wins out of three to get
that next episode is going to be pretty
interesting you guys need to let me know
to buy a five and a half thousand coins
the most site comment will be the one I
do please please so troll comments
that's all today thank you guys for
watching and sure
okay No are you serious oh come on
it happened within the middle gone go
plan plan no-oh-oh
like you please go free kick
oh ho
