what's up guys and welcome to a UK
versus USA we haven't done one of these
in a while and today we're bringing you
left verse left versus right
it is me versus Jessie if you don't know
who Jessie is fine back there you can
check her out in the description then
we're going to play the other way around
and it'll be on her channel so you can
tell down the outro or in the
description but before we get into a
game if you guys want in the Ultimate
Team Coins check out 1p for calm in the
description use mini five-year five cent
discount this is my left-footed team
look at it is a ppl team mixed in with
just just a bit failing because he's so
good that is the BBVA link then we got
you know Felipe Louise with the Brazil
link and then just a standard left for
your team it's not bad you know like
right food is a lot better but hopefully
I can still win with this Jesse let's go
oh hey there we go take a look at my
prized possession I seen that it feels
like that you might be crying right now
what the law is seriously with the hoe I
spent so many coins that I'm I have to
use him he's right played
fine good estudia plays you can stir
enjoyed hi sorry she's gonna start just
gonna mock you instead surge isn't gonna
do anything what is this have you ever
seen us well oh my god your stats before
we can even start
oh god he's turned on the juices are on
no Ron you just gonna go oh and I shot
myself well cool the coins see the gap
where we stopped
what's up four balls rest is all just
not gonna happen to all res on go on
seeing the ball good Polly please bail
please bail please bail please bill you
don't want it you don't want it you
don't want it though it looks oh my god
oh okay
no no are you serious oh come on is
happening right in the middle
one go clip well no oh oh oh thank you
let's go free kick Oh season oh my god
oh yeah no no you're almost fuck that
fuck what one good these office go he's
always good no I'm winning - no - nil
but can you laugh at before is it
storage I think it was I don't know I
just don't attend how to beat you like I
have the best team you can possibly
think of right now and you're playing
with people lucky I just don't
understand how I can fuck this up haha
I'm just gonna believe Jesse which you
have fucking Cristiano Ronaldo
then you be gone fuck
Iniesta what has he ever been able to
outpace anyone you just felt me twice
two times in a row and where's your card
thank you I'm out bro
here we go I got a new mission this time
actually cross it no yes of course
instead of no pulse it come on what are
you doing why am I playing like an idiot
I think you're playing with your gun
right now
oh you did me oh you didn't see that oh
but you didn't have to do that you know
with his I mean you have to just Morgan
beat me I'm in one month
that's a left-footer it's going with
this right shit you're fucking with me
this game's fucking with me right now so
I even fucking playing around horses but
you go solo
no way how do you make these runs like
this poor soul just oh my god it's
Cornell this is heartbreaking this
handicapped handicap is a thing I don't
even believe in handicap you don't
believe in how do you it's just me being
a failure right now
please please your their keys I didn't
know husband hahaha how are you getting
it back boom oh my god tackle oh come
here
come in do I got it do not spoil her oh
oh that's off he's off he's off rest
come on please rise again
Oh again go dick how many shots gonna
take I understand haha how many can I
take there
wow she shares the ball thank you hahaha
bees God don't let him catch you you're
Ronaldo thank you serious here we got
going to run past the whole team he's
got a road no change man and then take a
shot straight at the keeper I'm kind of
God that's fine that's fine you don't
you slow now too slow too slow turn back
there it is oh what the hell just stuff
you had that just happen
what what was that that cool ha ha Oh
ask you out there come on oh my god oh
my god
girlies good shit
well I'm actually sorry here we go come
on guys can we get a little bit of a
derp pass and going on here
I can even score one goal that's instead
Oh No jinx yourself jinx is yeah some
heat no insulin oh my god oh my god
really oh my god no stop stop stop
come on let me just get another goal
what that oh is that teach yeah now now
he's coming
yes baby for two fine and good
it's actually happening oh they mess it
up and turn out now oh no it took so
long that's it that's surely surely have
one that's it that's a game I'm home
like actually sweating into that game so
my my hands oh yeah seven shots
on-target guys seven shots on-target
this is a hit Wow I got what I don't see
here I can't see anything so the only
thing left to do is a rematch but the
other way around so I'm gonna be using
the right footed team but this is on
Jesse's channel so you can tell out in
the outro in the description or on her
channel yeah that's all for today so
thank you guys for watching and sure hi
now those shit oh he's off he's off he's
off he's off he's off is off he's off Oh
God what'd you say about the hell would
you say
