only thing you had on me was like what's
90 seconds away a second did you mention
temple later Devils ago you banged up to
Toby back to it your lesson is denied
and never go to treat your pets promise
but if they know where are my keys
try under the couch no way no way oh my
god my car my car he's actually under
the couch
what the hell Alexa
I could kiss you hmm I don't know that
rejected again dammit reject it again
lightning bolt
Wow first leader gee that lightning
bolts cool secondly lay off the pies
yeah what you look like a bitch made
version of GRU what
jeez remember the soldier do you think
I'm scared just think ownership you're
such a fucking idiot
do you really think they wrote his books
my reaction was they can write three
angles on the slab which coast of
Britain when you find black your eyes
West South East Blackpool the big one
Pepsi Max East Coast okay I think I'm
taking it as a birthday no zero not even
turn around it's West come on breathe
Ryan you can't afraid all right no no no
are you kind of shit yeah no no no free
he missed
oh man oh man and usually a benevolent
the you will helipad on get irrelevant
say you win a set is real prevalent do
you know what happened this your
facetious I leave you speechless and a
secrecy me Jesus so know your weakness
bitch I'm a genius I used to go to his
house not once was the little bitch out
ever sat next to him for two minutes and
suddenly his weird-ass arouse what says
he got loads of friends i but that never
filled me with doubt i up 21 years ago I
wish his dad pulled out right a little
day I was just looking at porn hub and
it was you know searching for my normal
thing of slender looking guy I'm on porn
up I had to you know guys work because
there was a lot of other porn like
around here and stuff but I'm a
technically a porn star now so ladies
this is just embarrassing we even show
desi went to school I bet his teachers
used to make bets to see how long it
would take until he got a good haircut
myself today
I'm not getting involved
I'm just a YouTube channel that reacts
now guys I'm just reacting so please
just jump
Oh
GPL shit I said you're a bitch boy I
don't care if you rich boy Oh
grading cuz the zekiel robbed your shit
boy mad madness and oh my I don't know
what to say I went to the same school
anyone posh tell you what Harry went
hard with the video like he's got awful
on green screen and everything and he's
also got a room full of it like a room
full of pictures good F on the video
all JJ can rap about is the fact that
are more heavy belly
if you saw me on the news let me say I
feel bad I feel okay you mum get slapped
I was meant to be but you know JJ raps
about is the fat are more heavy expose
in America I'd be whipping in the Chevy
a let's go go to the pub and get a bevy
now they're coming on the spot
well I mean I mean it's out there we may
as well talk about it now right I mean
that is that is my name
that is my what's up I'm gonna be honest
with you guys I did fuck her but this
point obviously I have nothing against
JJ but I did send this I know it says
today that that is a lie this was
screenshotted on the day yeah I'm not
I'm not gonna lie I was kind of there
like oh he doesn't he doesn't like the
side man you know I admit that fucked up
and I apologized to JD now so yeah I'm
sorry I have no words except thanks for
fucking baby Harry anyway carry on with
the video a cameo there yeah just a
little look-see me I was just there like
yeah I made a joke about you know the
whole like crash TT he does though I've
got a Tesla you've got into niggas
wordplay as well every goddamn time come
home to see this boy Hervey the real
Herbie not that imposter thee you guys
know my dogs better ready what's this
heavy ok
sit sit lie down no no no yeah yeah you
know you know yeah this bump don't look
at me like that
ski rocks nobody can get
I sit that's quicker than my dog all
right so hub gets approval but random
women what do you think there herb is
definitely worse go to clubs I'm not
gonna lie to you guys
they smell past my channel has been
fried big up then thrive at the goalie
gloves man let Toby here all blacked out
I don't play fee for anymore so then
close packed out JJ posts earthquake
that shit was whacked out chair male is
this I'm all Seidman swagged out oh I've
come to collect my clothes well of
America echo okay Lindsay yet oh she's a
reflective tea why not actually you
supported me though for this rap thing
so maybe no alright that should last
okay I'm thinking that's all I need
there's nothing at wake what is that a
new product and to carry it all homes we
have the sidemen backpack this is a
horrible cry I'm sorry about this I used
to go to his house not once was the
little bitch out and sat next to him for
two minutes
and
weirdest arouse what says he got loads
of friends but that net filled me with
doubt hi I'm 21 years ago I was just
that pulled out
