what's up guys and welcome to me
reacting to my old videos now I know I
haven't in this for that long but I have
put out a lot of videos some of which
aren't very good now that I look back at
them I mean they are part of who I am
and how I got to where I am et cetera et
cetera but now I look at them they are
pretty funny so I'm gonna be watching
six videos that I pal over a year ago
God how things have changed now I know
you see a lot of people do this and I
did take a lot of inspiration from
seeing JJ do this and I just thought it
was so funny why not try it myself so
the first video is my very very very
first video now I need to give you a
little backstory to this
basically I was a uni for this I was
playing the Gold Cup I recorded it you
know I kind of thought about doing
YouTube because I wasn't really
interested in uni I didn't really like
it and I edited the whole video edited
it even more more more more more found
things that edit that didn't need to be
edited purely because I didn't want to
do the voice over and you're about to
see why hi guys welcome to my first
video I'll try winning the Gold Cup in
Salonika as you can see this is the team
I'd be playing in the first round has a
long shot far post keeper same set cool
so I game until until Mikkeli a long
Bowl over that talks about body and
whole should be keep us full but oh
terrible terrible mistake exactly do I
not rewind effect okay now that's fine
this is very heated off them simple cuts
back Pezzini is over yes Terry already
finish right there that's
like that is what I don't know it's
actually weird that I remember playing
this game together
I think cuz I edited it so much but I
yeah I Acura but all these goals shit
the slow motion he's a slow motion down
why did I motion it was the standard
Kron you know what now I've had enough
of this this this one's over we're out
we're out of that one so that was the
first video I ever did you can probably
tell there's a lot of confidence issues
there and I'm not gonna lie I was very
very unconfident I had a mic I leave she
had a mic cell and I sat there and just
went hey guys welcome to ok no I'm not
doing that shit again hey girls
I did like 30 takes of the exact same
thing and none of them were good I don't
know how that was the winner so the next
one was my first-ever bloggers with vlog
random 3 because I had three random
things to talk about so why not
what the fuck am i doing Alexander
collar off yeah I get that a lot
Richard Hammond I think I don't get that
one that one yeah that's pretty
identical so get out vlogging the whole
thing in help with filters in the back
ok this this next one has the best intro
I think I've ever done to a vlog ever
the second question comes from top ship
has and here what what what just
happened why am i buy a toilet so this
is what we call a tweener there areas of
the toilet nothing weird but please
don't please stop or something up shower
come in a whole video 9x video now this
one ok this is I decide what you need
your hangar a while ago that's pretty
much the only you Terrell watched apart
from like you know my friends that I
knew like JJ etc nigahiga really like
inspire me you can tell just from this
video I see I got a lot of hate for it
because people were like oh why you
copying me Yeager but realistically I
just took inspiration from him very
badly so this is how to wear a half
wearing your Harrison oh my god no
you're boring
no one does well thanks to our new DVD
100 ways to wear your hat you can have
all the ways imaginable at your disposal
we have exciting new ways like the
deceiver Jesus this is Wang Wang the CAG
swing there we go the keg swing I'm
happy the whole point of this was but
it's gonna make you happy so order now
for just $69.99 and get our free book on
how to accessories
$69.99 that was so funny at the time
oh my god was what i do that although to
be fair i just really enjoy doing that I
remember making out Duncan over at the
time do more sketches
okay now the neck
video is one actually like propelled me
forward quite a lot that video I just
showed you I had 15,000 subscribers at
that point
this one just blew up when I say blew up
I think it got me another like 5,000
subscribers at the time which is loads
now you guys have watched over three
million times it was with Toby this is
football with toe chisels there we go
what's really good what's really good
what's really good what's really good I
stayed up all night editing this
literally this is about eight hours I
don't know how / why see I could still
do that one where's the shoe show there
is that's the shoe yeah this is the bad
part of it I think this is why you guys
enjoyed it so much
just this volley that is the cleanest of
ever hittable with my left it disappears
you can't actually see the book that was
the first introduction that black goalie
is in in real life he's done black
goalie obviously before that but that
I'm pretty certain was the first big
breakthrough for black goalie they went
down so well I just thought you know
like keep doing it you guys seem to
really like them you still do so thank
you guys so much I've got a lot of
videos like that coming up so fully
final video today I am watching the
driving test vlog now this is another
skit I did after the Hat one yeah let's
go so this is literally me and my
brother went down to a golf course of
the car and this I knew it I knew it
Oh see ya see
Suz they are graphically so much like I
hit my hip and my leg was this book will
go under a tire this was I don't know
what this is I just sat there and just
thought the weirdest ideas possible
right why is there Johnny remember
getting that giraffe I'm gonna end it
there I'm just I'm just gonna stop there
and if you guys want me to watch more
videos you can let me know in the
comments you can let me know on Twitter
just tell me what videos you want me to
watch and I'll watch them it's just so
freaking cringy for people who hear at
the start if you watch those videos when
they came out thank you so much for like
watching them then and if you didn't I
completely understand
that's all for today thank you guys for
watching and possible buzzing double
blade oh it's true mr. bone oh that's
such a bad rap thumb what the hell is
going on with Keepers oh oh oh oh oh
it's just beautiful from the mod I did
bring some rice cool that's definitely a
Brazilian play nice job EA and
