no you know what I'm not doing that
anymore this this is coming off I can
compete that week yesterday I tried the
carnival car and I did absolutely
terrible so today I'm not going Brazil
style I am just going to win that's
that's it
I have made changes due to the top
comment being this so you guys wanted me
to change these players so this is my
team
I now have Bernard with the pace up
front Lukas I got Douglas Costa I got
run Rd neo and I got the two new
sentiments so before I get into the
tournament if you guys want to Neil
Smith team goes to go one thing but calm
in the description use many five get 5%
discount time to tear this shit ah come
on I don't even care about your team you
love Brazil team I know you do
decent team actually I always think it
looks terrible but that's actually
decent this connection is so bad I just
wanna I just want to score so that I can
forget yes just just dog let's go start
okay police quick come on man just quit
the internet connection is so bad and
play and turn in and finish oh please
just okay just take just take it take it
and go
is gone leave this off thank you that's
the first round uneasy and when I say
easy I mean that lag was just the worst
thing ever
okay so round 2 and we frickin get a
standard Brazilian I just don't know
what to expect like there's nothing
better than just
team in this and get rid of it get rid
what's up what up what the hell was that
passing football possible blame oh it's
true
mr. aboah no that's such a bad rap what
dumb what the hell is going on with
keepers oh oh oh oh oh it's just
beautiful from naman and he brings on
voice cool that's definitely a Brazilian
play nice job ei and doobie are sick one
one one run rubber nerd I just couldn't
burn it okay and then you play it
playing again playing again playing
again oh this is beautiful Brazil
yeah when I play Brazil football
whippers Hill this is no stopping me do
not mention yesterday run run Bernard
run buna okay please I know you're not
striker yeah it shows really haha what
is lying goal ok plane it a plane in go
on Marcelo I don't have anyone big in
there though no one's gonna win a header
are they oh my god just leave about a
Ramirez you caught okay so half times
three nil up I'm doing a lot better than
last time okay
you are a monster free-kicks please what
the hell what I swear that was in to the
edge one more one more
okay this hasn't gone to plan this is or
has it or has it all what's that genius
what name on and fillet ry have I gone
far post please you're completely free
if you don't score that look thank you
name or you finally scored one okay and
their name I go don't touch it
five nil I'm not even getting height
because this game has just been a little
bit too easy
what how was that not though now I'm
sorry
just what now this game is broken this
game is broken I know I'm winning five
Neil this game is just like what is that
I'm just
scoring again thus too much of a
piss-take there is six nil and that's
the quarter-final done with into the
semis let's go
so semi-final and he has the worst rated
team I played against but you know that
he he knows something this guy
definitely knows something
oh no this guy knows exactly what he's
doing
please please this guy is good this guy
is definitely better than the other guys
come on where we get where we get okay
there's nothing on there's nothing on
where Dwight when we're off please
I just need a little bit of luck with a
little bit of luck we could make it into
the goal
please please come short quest a twister
okay edge of the area edge of the area
Oh Phyllis does it go no he's off one
okay but that's that's a good sign
good pressure I'm not sure how he keeps
getting away it just keeps keeps making
up spray on my face lads we have
definitely got a game on this time this
guy is winning guys was winning go go go
go go go go go go play clay please right
why do you such a bad touch your
professional footballer there you go
seen the space since those bars you
touch Bernard how how have you save that
I know this is gonna sound bitter all
right because I'm losing but this guy is
the most boring play I have ever played
in my life
look look at that it just doesn't do
anything oh my god and he gets literally
one attack one freaking attack where he
crosses okay good there's just there's
nothing to do again so hot pass it hard
pass heart and then bang one Danny
please please can you just win that
please there you go no oh there you go
there you go there you go
please please they want as demit name on
what the whole name oh I just I don't
know what to do what can I do how are
you gonna miss two in a row some toner
please please please please press press
dress just doesn't make any sense they
mark
I am literally heading out of this Cup
because of a corner because of one
corner this is it this is it
what do i do what do i do there's
nothing on there's nothing there that's
the freaking there it is I'm out again
in the semi fine tell me how you had fun
tell me how a guy can have fun playing
like that look at the stats I don't know
if I want to try this Cup again guys if
you want me to let me know in the
comments the most liked comment will be
the one I choose if you guys want to
change my team about feel free to say
but I'm not sure I want to try that
again that's all for today thank you
guys for watching and see ya know I'm
still under control stop freaking Vic
had me on oh no this isn't good this it
really isn't this isn't good
I got please I need the port economy
more sprint is oh this is horrible
please okay now I can change whoo damn
you Vic no no no no no no no no no oh
one hole
nope okay Oh cuz I went a little bit
further
