hey guys and welcome to carnival that's
right we're doing the carnival couple
carnival ah you know how you say it
he has literally just come out within
the last like ten minutes or so
it's kind of lucky that I didn't do the
African Cup because I don't know what my
intro would have been but anyway I'm
gonna be taking on this Cup seeing if I
can win it in one attempt using this
team you have to use an over zillion
teams and this team is as good as they
can get now before you start questioning
please okay the in-form Diego Elvis is
actually pretty decent for me and I know
you're thinking Oscar as a
centre-forward
but they have no one up front anyways
before I get into a game if you guys
want any else with Team Bosh you got one
fifa.com in the description use many
five year five cent discount let's go
win the car oh I know what his team's
gonna be it's Brazilian oh see he
doesn't have even have a strike on the
pitch I feel like every time I play is
gonna be the exact same though oh no no
I'm still on the controls that frickin
Vic had me on oh no this isn't good this
it really isn't this isn't good
I can't please I need the ball taka
remember what sprint is oh this is
horrible
please okay now I can change whoa damn
you Vic no no no no no no no no no oh
one hope
nope okay hope that went a little bit
further than I thought and that is I
want my free kick please thank you thank
you okay now we got a chance come on
Hulk this is the chance of a lifetime
Hulk make a name for yourself
blues fuck no okay and playing one more
okay Marcello Marcello lives in no wait
what let's go go doctor no wait this is
Brazil okay
SAP okay no again I'm being a little bit
dominated but uh nothing I'm just wait
why are you Brazil and then you got an
England badge Ramirez turns out turns no
you just juggled me okay we're again
well yeah well yeah at boom there's one
no it's come back he's come back Oscar
Oscar that do the flexion wait hold Cole
Cole Cole :
oh that's a sick touch really sick oh no
I just posture there puzzler and what
the Frick is no okay hope hope you got
what is that that's not where I pass
they made it work kind of ish I'll take
it good look at this look at this Brazil
ticky tack up ticket Acker ticket a cup
oh yeah stop back that wasn't a salsa oh
those stars
Oh some sort Dougie rum there it is
visible no I won't oh oh oh there we go
there's a little bit there's a little
bit of space identity he doesn't have a
left foot that wasn't that bad actually
oh oh no no no no no oh I wish again -
oh my goodness 89th minute as well
oh now he's got shot up my headphones
caught my headphone is caught yeah Oh
rad forever at rabble rabble rabble
Gustavo
Gustavo
lays it off so you can come back in and
hope for there so I'll take a corner
okay
edge of the area more solo with the left
oh wow
what I'd run it though Blasio I
definitely pulled that back I'm not sure
if you had a shot in second off which
means my brave soldiers are into the
quarter final of the carnival Cup and I
can guarantee he has a no Brazilian
squad oh my god okay this one's actually
really bad though
so I need to punish him now and make it
into the set no no you're not making me
look like up no front of my friends come
on there you go though there you go
who's the mug now who's the mud now oh
my in stage apparently oh oh oh oh you
look one go on go on my son good number
Oh guys just gone for the trickeries the
chicory which has not what kind of works
there you go there you go make there you
go just over just a burger Oh No there
you go
there you go Oh Ramirez what a minute
Paul dado Wow we met like a salmon oh oh
oh oh oh what's this class interest
clubs oh wow he is very attacking this
guy these guys what the hell no no okay
no I'm in a little bit I'm gonna low
ever Wow Wow let's go oh my god oh my
god oh my god wife he's so bad at
shooting maybe I did make the wrong
decision with him I feel like it's a
very close game but when I get to
halftime and I see this yeah car comedy
um arcade I deserve to morning go on go
on Miranda MA
okay that's why he's the center back
play play play ah bang one just bang
we'll get a rebound I have here
rebounded that's and nammar to drag
someone
close yet think I'm going now but I'm
not I'm going there I'm going there ah
this guy's definitely gonna be some whiz
at free-kicks and he ready jump yeah
there we go
know it as well you know that he's gonna
be sick of free kicks just by the fact
that all he does is skills and
my my
smash Hulk smash
Wow I was a bit of an answer 5x no no
that's all like what is my team doing
I'm about to go out of this Cup in the
speaking quarterfinals okay lads this is
this is gonna make or break chance so
you know what I'm kind of I'm going for
it just go ahead oh oh
Oh No Wow why did my team knock him up
in his did oh my god oh my god
he's not even getting past people just
give me the buggy now he's okay now I'm
looking like a bug
now I'm looking like a mug now I'm what
give me the ball that's game
that's me out this to win the Cup please
I can't even get the freaking ball I
can't believe I'm out in the second
round this is gonna be like a I don't
know this is gonna be a good effort it's
frickin cock I'm terrible
okay so I've been eliminated from live
if you guys want me to try again er that
let me know in the comments if you want
me to make any adjustments to my team
who you think the weakling was let me
know don't see me as the weak link yes
if you want me to try again let me know
hey guys watching and Shriya yeah the
fat the bad driving boys slap a guy oh
we have a mastermind
every day got a taste of the good life
for the mere to say I'm just a question
so everybody ask away
hey it's time to get high homie so
pastor Jay
yeah
