what's going on guys Toby or taupe
chisel here and welcome to another pack
opening I don't know what I just wanted
to see how many of you know is the
interest I'm bringing you a pack opening
today because they've informed Benzema
inform Herzl and informed upon I guess
the main reason I'm doing it is because
there are these 15k packs and these 25k
packs now if you guys want any coins to
try this yourself check out one Peter
calm in the description usually 5 to get
5 cent discount
I've got a few superstitions lined up
but we're gonna start it off there no
lick to start back ok there we go so
first pack is a no-look discard Pat
attack I don't know why I'm just trying
to like you know get it under the I'm
just I don't even know what I'm saying
anymore should be done by now alright
there we go that should be done first
actual Pat I don't know who I got by the
way I could have gone for bedroom on my
first pack it's for me Matty oh wait
that's Mario I don't get anyone I'm
gonna be so upset because there's so
many packs that actually looks a lot
like calyxes profile picture now what is
this weekend why is this weekend special
I don't get it I might be being a retard
here but I don't get what special at
least one inform I'm getting quite a lot
of players in these packs and yeah I
need an informed during Team of the Year
I kind of thought you know like and
inform that shit now I've come to
realize how important one inform is
unless they are a shit one because then
they're not important at all but I would
probably take one right about now this
guy's trying to eat his own face so the
first superstition from today is shout
Harry Kane five times and I will get an
86 rate player or above so if you
haven't seen the Arsenal score I'm sorry
for ruining it but it was a 2 once on
them so whoo hey you're an hour still
fan hey I'm still elites fan here we go
Harry Kane Harry James Harry Kane Harry
Kane how he came and I get no one
seriously no one please can I just have
one in four just just one in form today
that's all though one oh d Murray is
decent I think that's the first time I'm
ever packed DeMaria and how much does he
go for how much to go for please please
be a lot please
so what'd you take okay now we rollin in
some moolah I could use another please
can I have another good player
no DeMaria
now I get informed and then I get one
more good player but no you don't know
you don't know so here we go the next
superstition
okay this I didn't think this through I
can't see what I got I'm gonna have to
look no Godin really he looks like a
finger with hair ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
boner ah the thing you gotta remember is
I still want the 25k paper dude these
are 15 K so realistically if I'm gonna
get someone good it's probably in those
the third superstition of the day is to
wear six caps on my head at once so I
don't know if this is even gonna work
one eternity later ok so the final one
there we go 6 hats
1 2 3 4 5 6
I don't know there are six hats on my
head I promise you this is what I might
do it this is my head is this station
like a workout for the next my head is
heavy right now that's the worst pack
I've got so far I didn't get a rare
player now you know what this is so much
effort I'm actually gonna keep them on
my swag levels are off the chart right
now oh shit no I thought those Bravo my
head is in so much pain right now but
I'm gonna keep them on for another like
two packs please make it worth the ei
why ah I can't pick them the hats are
too heavy it's okay you know what this
is just the most retarded look ever you
know I might as well pose you guys can
make a meme out of it okay so I have 10
25k packs left so far look at Ste Marie
dani alves I need someone good now so
I'm gonna do a push-up pack
Oh
oh come on okay I have to skip as well
come on Oh both fun you know what I'm
gonna just don't put a pad like this
this is a new very intimate way of
opening packs and yeah you know what
so we're back to opening them on a chair
I just keep one in form
that's it one in form or another player
like DeMaria and six packs six packs is
all that's left
please can I have one in form that's all
I want one black card please not
actually go so the final superstition is
the not my arms pack now I didn't know
what this was really so I just kind of
have to take a guess at it down hey hey
okay here we go
no this is so weird
now stop ah this is useless it was
terrible it was Chesney you got Chesney
I mean I gotcha
no you just start milling up no oh oh
well that was kind of strange but now I
have three packs left and I I've still
only got DeMaria so you know I'm kind of
just getting through these packs and
they're all shit thanks for watching Cal
Skeeter you know what last pack this
that's it let's follow our fat that is
that's it that's my last pack and I am
gonna get absolutely no more please okay
an 84 rate of juicy asses
it's better than most of what I've got
so thank you guys for watching and I'm
gonna take this off now
hey you guys watching and ya know I've
definitely anything else was in soup
what the fuck just happened I feel like
he meant to do that
no no not already please ah da six
minutes in I'm winning I don't
understand please just be him don't be
me give me the win it gave me the room
lads now let's just go for the next game
let's just go straight in EA have
actually turned around and given me some
luck I feel bad for him but at the same
time happened to me twice in a row last
