so the battle continued to get fewer
lorries the price being pushed higher
and higher until eventually I would win
Oh what the hell serious I can't get
this guy for that minute really I can't
even afford him anymore oh my god I will
buy him at the end of today right so
what's going on guys and welcome back to
Yalta Mateen I'm trying to buy lorries
that was what you guys wanted me to buy
so that's that's how I'm gonna buy
before I get into a game if you guys
weren't in the Ultimate Team when she
got one people calm in the description
usually 5 you get 5 cent discount that
was really weird that was like this whoo
now if you don't remember last time I
played technically four games two of
them quit so I've got two losses and the
other two I want so I need to win both
of today in order to put me in a good
position to win the title sounds easy
especially when you put against the team
like this I am just setting myself up to
lose right now why am I doing this going
out till flaming flame in bloom it look
at red what the fuck just happened I
feel like she meant to do that
no no not already please oh my god yay 6
minutes in I'm winning I don't
understand please just be him don't be
me
give me the win he gave me the room lads
nah let's just go for the next game
let's just go straight in EA have
actually turned around and given me some
luck I feel bad for him but at the same
time happened to me twice in a row last
time so I don't care I have been
searching for like 15 minutes to find a
game and I finally found one at odd nah
this guy needs to be knocked down a peg
or two one look at it little another
what's he doing well why you bring your
keep
what's up I told you I am gonna destroy
this guy's I have to make it worth it
that I took this long to find it he's
blind he's actually blind why are you a
really you're seriously doing this again
five minutes in oh I didn't even get win
for it I mean I know I wasn't winning
but I mean I got a lost when I quit so
surely I should get a win and someone
else quit too guys ei are killing me
right now I have literally been
restarting V for restoring my exports
everything it just comes up with this
every time one oh my god I have been
looking for 20 minutes I've finally
found the game if this cuts out in five
minutes I'm sorry I'm ending the episode
there and I I just don't want to I just
don't wanna play this game right now
it's not like getting into a game and
playing someone is like the key
fundamentals of FIFA please if I make it
to the tenth minute I should be fine
just make it to the frickin tenth minute
no no one minute in are you serious I've
got ghosts on my pictures well wait hey
why are you doing this to me why the
fuck can I just play a game there's just
no point
there's just no I don't know what to say
I mean if I can get norisse now I will
be happy because I would have made it
worth it but if I don't get him now this
is just a fucking stupid episode
although I did get a win please I'm
winning I'm winning enough 15 seconds
left please can I have in five four
three two one
I got him which means cool I'm sorry to
be cruel to you but you're out nope
you're not I'm out apparently it's just
disappeared he's literally just
disappeared he's literally just not
there I know it now he's there what this
game is fucking pissing me off
I'm out thank you please just leave just
just leave yes right I was gonna stop
after one game just to be sure that it
didn't happen again but you know what he
quit I'm gonna try one more okay he's
got a very average team just please just
let me play this game do not make me
quit okay I'm in the game this should be
fine
okay I've got chance I've got a chart
let's have a go
go on let's have a go son ba ba
