what's up guys and welcome to my
announcement now a lot of people who've
been making announcements recently so I
thought it's only right that I make one
so listen up okay because today is the
first ever mention I am making of my
brand new mixtape so here it is it it's
fire you know my mixtape is fire
including all of the hit singles such as
a lot of sleep
okay no but seriously I actually don't
get much sleep it kind of affects my
YouTube my personal life everything it's
just I just can't sleep no matter how
hard I try just lay in bed all night
just not able to sleep or not I think I
think I have insomnia that whole joke
that's just to mention insomnia no as
soon as the I directly how's insomnia 54
coming up if I mentioned it before we
went to I 53 the whole seidman going
Syndicates going cal freezers gonna
joella's going if you guys do want to
come say hi you can check out our in the
description and there'll be a link
there's also a discount code you can use
but yeah it was a lot of fun last time
we'll be selling merchandise they're not
not this this is this is a this is new
but you know like we'll be doing some
live streams so you can even see if
you're not there we'll be doing some
shows with q and a's meet-and-greets
they're just generally having fun there
so as i said if you do want to check it
out you can in the description if you
don't don't worry i'm sure that we
plenty of opportunities which is the
next point if there are any American
people watching I am going to PAX East
as well with all the sidemen it's in a
Boston I think in a next month in March
so if you guys want to see blogs on that
as well let me know in the comments that
if you are going tweet me and say that
you're going cuz I'll make sure to come
say hi apart from that I just kind of
wanted to let you guys know what's going
on cuz yeah I've got that coming up of
course omneya coming out we also
recorded those football videos last week
which if you haven't seen you know you
can check out on my channel Cowell
freezy's channel wrote ashore and
bazinga but I went back actually today
with Toby Manny and cow we've recorded
another like skills video like the last
one I did with a public skills 98 or
Kieran here's a little sneak peek gives
a little preview just a small one yeah
sorry about that
I'm not gonna give it away am I the only
other thing really to say is that FIFA
is kind of it's in that dry period I'm
not gonna lie to you guys it's in a very
dry period right now where it's between
team and a seasoned team in a year
nothing's really going on I've got my
Ultimate Team series I've got clubs but
what do you want to see cuz I mean yeah
I'm gonna be doing real life stuff but I
can't do that everyday although I will
be doing a Q&A with care so I'm very
soon stop asking me okay so that's
another thing to tweet me to let me know
what other
the videos who want to see whether
there's any theories you want me to
start
I'm sorry if you guys found this kind of
a boring video it's quite short but I
kinda have to let everyone know about
insomnia about PAX East TV you guys did
enjoy it be sure to let me know what the
light if not sorry I'm sorry
and let you down anyway that's all for
today so thank you guys very much for
watching and sure
okay I've been troll news I'm gonna set
into the wall boys okay so that's change
but what's weird go Lucas guys so fast
me friend
