right guys what's up and welcome to
another challenge me versus Vic today
what we're doing is Vic is going to mix
up my controls who don't find today
against Josh but this time your controls
aren't being mixed up yay I get normal
controls yeah I mean you struggle with
those enough so we kind of it's true
what it says I'm not a bit better when I
say a bit I mean like a bit like not
much yeah right so before you get into
the game if you guys want any also a
team photo check out want t TOCOM in the
description usually five-year pub set
disco bit you get to change my controls
okay okay you want to do so i was
supposed to speak to josh and ask him
how to change these but um I didn't so
that's time to begin the random
shuffling of buttons with everything I
think that'll do I hope I've made those
controls hard to use right so I have no
idea about the controls are going to
randomize teams at the BPL so uh one two
three oh god yeah just what I needed
although I kind of hoped I'd have a bad
team because I kind of used um excu
I'm not preparing to fail they yell okay
oh okay Vic so you ready
hi I'm as ready as I'm ever gonna be so
imma leave the ball alright
Oh No you've actually changed it to the
d-pad as well what's changed in ship oh
my god is it he's not tired though why
is he not on sighs let's go pass my team
you know I feel that path again I
honestly feel like Simon ei I could
probably be me on this game so so there
anything too terrible I feel like oh I
don't know what sprinters people are
gonna think I'm putting this on but this
is like my 12th game of FIFA
hi I'm used to and I'm buff no in my
whole series of learning play this game
I've been playing with someone else and
they pretty much do everything and it
kind of looks like I know I'm doing I
really don't want to run run I don't
know what for now
is opportunity what no oh God
okay I thought Brazil have been troll
news I'm gonna sign into the wall and
I'm gonna get my house you actually hurt
me
come on boys okay so that's change but
what is spread go look this guy's so
fast mate he's gonna watch Bryn I
figured it out there oh no I know it
speed it up speed run no don't steal the
ball now off I might might my my good
times maybe about that come on the sauce
prick
that's pretty low what was it I forgot
already
I don't know who look to us I probably
still look what look how you why you
always steal my football man I just want
a nice white dude fine shoot for shoot
for a goal now please don't arch your
back video ah the thing is the longer
the longer this match goes on the worse
it gets for me
I mean I'm a I'm a control not me you
know I can actually tell you learn a
little bit a little bit base only a
little bit but I beat you is like one
hand remember let's let's not talk about
all right I'll give you the ball
run run Mary oh no come on yeah dogs
blood actually hurts my thumb
we will whack him down with the use of a
d-pad Oh
oh yeah I remember why I care so much
well I didn't I didn't press that why is
it why is it run for the help that's not
shit either
what the fuck have you done then you
should remove the sugar never shooting
it's the challenge you have to pass it I
actually think I might have to shoot I
haven't figured out what shoe is it's
actually a hard time that shoot oh no
you don't submit outlets every time I
learn about another gear button
it's so painful I don't know what to do
I get it close they're like let's move
out I'm learning to defend I'm not this
no oh god - Brett and I just saw baby
coos what was it corner oh oh yes always
please
what we should okay no I know what it
was an order was gonna be here oh the
first of a nicely sure and it should
believe no I don't know one shoot oh my
gosh why I need to learn to shoot with
power that's why I even asked my first
lesson Ron why fully on my mind I'm on
my own why I did it right for one one
little pause that's a guy this is so
painful I should call up this entire
list as I know how I feel when I fight
fever no that's no fathoms Oh rat pen
thank you thank you your pen but draw
the controller is I brain boom there it
is there is
Wow this is Mars water now a one-day run
for the goal run all the way oh my god
it's like dreaming one it's three one
change look I don't know what Claire is
I'm literally spanning a but a bit I'm
paying something else oh my god honestly
I'll take that as a bitch you think this
is wrong
are you serious that's it we drew well I
think it actually proves that you're
learning to FIFA series is actually
working I managed to score Gordon I
should probably ska that's all for today
so they got idea well what's the idea I
speak to yeah I get them to make the
buttons random every game and then I get
to draw matches even then your buttons
would be random it's a good point right
all those over today thanks Vick to the
game thank you guys watching and sure oh
please thank you hand on a bitch ah
please this guy is straightening me
after all the pain I have felt today
please can I just have a goal okay a
Baba what Oh playing why have I done
that okay it's what let's go let's go
I'm winning pogba thank you I told you
I'm gonna humiliate this guy to pay back
EA sing the road to the right gun
Romania why deny tell us how was that
