what's up guys one who to your to a team
what else you guys who to buy you tell
me who then I play again when you guys
told me to buy Hugo Lloris I said I had
twenty four thousand so why the hell did
you tell me to get someone that's worth
thirty thousand like seriously I can't
afford this guy okay now we got a game
on
yes he's mine come on no war waged on
battling for domination over this card
only one shop and it's not me because he
has outbid me so yeah I'm gonna have to
try after this game but before I get
into if you guys want in the Ultimate
Team Coins check out one Peter calm in
the description usually buggy if I've
said discount I'm a division five enough
said Oh steam is so good sick and it
counts fantastic I feel bad for this guy
even though his team is so much better
than mine I feel bad for him cuz I'm
about to whoop his ass
are you serious are you actually serious
did you fucking serious
two losses already and I haven't even
got into a game you know what I'm gonna
try one more time if this doesn't work
that's the end of the video and I'm
sorry that this is kind of a shit video
but it's only my fault you know kind of
EA if it does work then I'm gonna play a
game and I'm gonna win please I broke I
don't even care about your team you can
have whatever team you want I just drug
but I can actually play game please do
this is officially the hardest division
in the EA please please
oh my god please oh good look at again
okay now to make this guy pay for what
he has done to me if that wasn't really
him Ron oh no no no no Pichardo
controller control I know what it does
that way ah haha
Oh what's a ball there it is the Zerby
if you fucking it or else go go go go go
okay you know what papa
you're a mate oh my god you know oh wait
what is that to be owned
Days run muck oh no oh please thank you
hand on a bitch ah least this guy is for
straightening me after all the pain I
have felt today please can I just have a
goal okay a bobber what Oh play
why have I done that okay it's what
let's go let's go I'm winning Pogba
thank you I told you I'm gonna humiliate
this guy to pay back ei sing the road to
the road gone
Jamelia why did I tell us the hell was
that
okay go go go play black please okay
it's still guys still on it's still on
it's still on
righto I swear to god this game I don't
know how it's just one nil
even though the stats make it seem like
it was really boring played but I play
run no no see the ball how we play oh oh
that has to be that's a goal thank you
thank you please just leave just just
leave yes right I was gonna stop after
one game just to be sure that it didn't
happen again but you know what he quit
I'm gonna try one more okay he's got a
very average team just please just let
me play this game do not make me quit
okay i'm in the game this should be fine
okay I've got a chance I've got a truck
ah let's have a go go on let's have a go
sai Baba okay come on good ball in
cuadrado you've been shit to me in the
last game is that good ball
why does he boss it but it responds oh
shit stains
Oh run oh my days I'm living on the edge
run run run Gujarat oh good ah gah yes
go come on one more goal and I am sorted
ok Merton if there's a time and a place
to score free kick it is now this is the
difficult position for right foot
oh my god I'm defending like an idiot
I'm defending like an idiot what am i
doing look didn't expect that did you
yeah ok you kind of did that's worked
out was it what the cake pot he's so
shit Oh bollocks
Oh bollocks really that's that's
actually worked out for him ok police
cuadrado for once in the game do
something good with a good cross I
wasn't bad to be fair halftime I'm not
winning I'm not losing immediately I do
kind of need a win because of uh the
slight hiccups earlier on in this
episode oh oh ah ha it's just majestic
you know what purpose was a lot of goals
for me oh no oh no risk it for a
chocolate biscuit
oh you're a little ticket look do I even
speak English off the time oh my god
this is disappear
Oh Oh seriously he's genuinely why is he
so bad for me he's broken this game is
so tensed like I just don't understand
how it's how it's become like this okay
this is this tap please what's the hot
pot okay and crush please well there's
worth notice a bobble finally scores for
me I know he's good in this game but he
doesn't do anything normally please run
please run please run please run please
please please a buh-buh-buh-buh-buh
smash it
just don't understand okay just run run
cuadrado he's look I don't know if this
guy's even playing because he's if he is
then he's really bad but that should be
that there it is two wins two losses
it's gonna be a struggle to get the
title but if I can at least get
promotion I'm fine
I have been cheated out of six points I
could have potentially got the starb
next episode I will buy Laurice if there
is anyone else you want me to buy let me
know in the comments the most liked
comment will be the one I choose I've
really struggled to talk that's all
today thanks watching sure
shit I hit that high you can really yeah
fiddler needs to work on his touch
actually it's touch is pretty good
there's not with footballs
alright go long if you say that freeze
yeah you always gonna get
