hey guys and today we got a special
guest we got ro - sure Rob blue jumpers
girl do you got how frizzy whoo
Wow go long go long
tada Oh play it I'm doing the trim bag
okay that's not even that wasn't even
lon that wasn't yeah yeah yeah you on it
oh you guys remember the Toyotas vote
for my six years ago no I know so that
there's a car I was speeding oh cool
I'm not really a memorable advert
there's a little fluffy monster that
goes you know look how big that guy's
head is they got the fell over this is
hair go long
okay - yo meal and it's ready awaiting
for long go are we wrong I'm wrong
listen I'm going home lower left William
fucking Congo if I go any longer I go
long and hard run oh my god it's not you
can even go long
see that in that high you can really
yeah fiddler needs to work on his touch
actually he's touches pretty good
there's not with footballs all right go
long if you say that free yeah who is my
role today oh oh my god no no no by the
CIA face did I do it mistakes were made
when you were conceived oh wow oh he
said mommy called yourself fun city
gonna tell you something black is easy
5350 well he's pretty funny totally know
the first time you shout that's amazing
cool
what because because we just uh there it
is yep okay it feels like we're not on
the same team if y'all's like those two
team he was too busy going long JJ so it
was we're too busy going a long way
think there is two teams yeah yeah we
are just go back hoping to be I doesn't
know about NDG don't was a great you're
defending Jae Suk it in the estimate
come on a car handle that shit yo Mike
who is that wise he's so big and black
Oh who's who's playing it in me I'm a
tripod walking tripod he's just like a
beacon haha got my head about it
oh my age a oh okay there's no way he's
gonna be scored from there take a look
at wait can we just look at this slide
tackle oh so close
hit right well we're being shat on you
wanna bezel join about into like it let
go real in the cup yeah because he got
shot on yeah by his own shit he he did
this was shit why he's I'm winning three
mil that would work see me oh my god
yeah oh jesus and his foots towards
advanced as yours yeah yeah no I think I
for Boyd's Vic when is Vic good job but
I was thinking it just like we're going
back to Minecraft come on really through
you gonna say something else there's no
diamond blocks on this pitch fuck off go
you're no Vic no big oh my the off side
wall oh never again
Oh take it up a spy
why my was been twice shy for fuck's
sake I'm so happy today why you ran into
the way I was out the way prevent
towards me now hyung no not having that
we'll find it Oh strangle you wait whose
purple name backwards where are you
going Vic why boys we should have won
this match doll right
we should we've been over it the clues
in his name boys it's not a smaller
stick Oh Mike what is going on oh I
don't get Simon are you angry with us
like you know yes he comes for me oh oh
fuck it all
JJ oh my god Laura cuckoo cuckoo alright
this is it
yeah we're so slow what are you winning
what a true whoa we get him oh no I just
slice it so much faster he's not jj-just
didn't press anything
it's the Iniesta ball j-just try to be
funny Claire Claire all the beans in our
spot
come on my try to chop little fighting
your girls oh shit
okay no JJ you're not playing any okay
so at what point do I hand do my
transfer request good I leave with you
can we do a straight swap so straight
swap to the same team yeah so retarded I
round two there we go boys I don't
again we're gonna win right you ready
you ready yeah let's go oh oh oh oh shit
away from me I'll make love - oh whoa
whoa pepper calm down calm down cow corn
drop a Chilean sulfur can I get a hey ch
hey can I get a you you can I get an M
and can I get a G G home hahahahaha
okay shit launder I am I'll never join
in that song is bad I was thinking about
I get up
we're fuck ready ready ready server I
lied begin here we go boys this way
there has to be a goal trap please it's
got what Go Go that's our goal he's back
out he can't run that far in your head
you thought hey let's score a goal pass
to Ethan okay all right turquoise tackle
me yeah the third slow smash I blame Vic
go ahead good girl good boy
Oh what do I think cool boys I'm fish I
didn't want to give what in there right
where are you Toby is that poster ready
I'm ready
goody yeah okay go you go go I'm going
I'm good
that's so dirty Rosie listen no other
goal is right my vision as bent as me
yeah but oh the braces is in again oh
that's it I love it here we go boy that
way come on nigga put one who do you
feel I do know is that comes aside we're
about to find out where I don't know
where with a bird even deeper - for
fuck's sake I played for boy fuck it's
your goal
there you go my friend just eat JJ why
would they get in the way yeah yeah go
on
Oh
Oh George he doesn't know what happens
if I bite around chasing after him
good night in the net I feel you won't
mind my energy bar doesn't exist anymore
forget it no yeah yeah we won't ask
burning stuff to say okay
I do
