all right bitch let's go last time you
were here you literally made me play
like 35 games against you
okay here's how we're gonna team name
I'm gonna just ask JJ no matter what he
says we stick with it no matter what I
do always naked we're going geocaching
we have to come up with a team name you
decide our team now whatever it whatever
you say yeah stick if you want to stick
with that all right well he didn't say
PTO's we're going to die the thing is I
don't trust you because after the name
we chose it's literally like this
there's a primary school right what am I
looking at little dinner that's what
there is give me the clue once again
Christmas so dramatic they keep this
hanging it's hanging somewhere I think
it's I think in like the back it's a
camo bag yeah you remember when you said
you remember when you said you were
better than me of this yes no fuck off
Simon that's the bag rather right
yeah because your fans would know that
I'm lying
oh my god I found it it's right in here
my hands are so cold still being a pussy
is the drag was the holder the bag was
the holder this is the treasure all
right okay we've done it we signed it we
changed our team name by the way what is
our team name now you know what it's in
his blog you can just you can just go
watch his below to find out I'm actually
hearing noise isn't that like police
tape over there really shit oh my god I
don't like this I don't like this taste
the star of horror film right legit look
at this tape this is the kind of thing
where we're like we're getting close I
told you is this way this is the kind of
shit where you would go past that tape
Oh Danny don't be a chicken and then we
go past here and then boom one of us is
gone okay so it's in here it's hitting
it well what is what is the clue four
inches but we don't need to know about
your penis tell us where it is what was
the clue the hole clue it's 40 inches
centimeters Oh what if it's about this
side here well my four that's like
because that's like your height is gonna
be in here I know how you measure it
that's your height like definitely know
that hard it's getting colder and darker
and so safe I think it's in that I'm six
foot even close to it we're going
towards horror film territory
is that big tree they're going to use an
English phone but I don't think you do
hey Evan no you haven't
no you haven't oh my god you actually
found it okay well that's good why video
yeah you're right this is bad
I wanted to film a horror collab I think
he's genuinely trying to put me into it
I think you set this up because we're
lost
we're lost we're lost then it smells
like poop place stinks
we're literally walking backing us up
wait
Jilla did you hit up what the fuck we're
closed please hurry up hurry up oh yeah
we go 18 meters that's not that's not
I'm not going in that look at that
you know I'm gonna let you just have
this one if it's in there you can have
it during the nervous in that study
what's happening right I think I think
we failed this is
