yo guys what's going on and welcome back
to another hunting we will go the top
comment from last time that I could see
anyway was to sell my cam son and my
left mid hazard and buy a striker hazard
and a left mid son but both upgraded the
issue is hazard sells for like 60 K so
we sent him for that and we are
effectively up to 300 K remember that
300 the son we have sells for like 150 K
so that's you know that means we're up
to four hundred and fifty thousand coins
now the issue is here son on the left
mid 80 K wait we need that one he's 180
K maybe like maybe 100 120 kc so we were
up to like 450 we're now back down to
3:00 to 3:30 and a Hazzard striker is
380 so we're not far but you know we are
like 50 60 K off still so we're not
there yet if you guys do want me to do
that let me know in the comments down
below because I will happily oblige
because hazard up front and a better son
left I'd be pretty fuckin sick and then
we could either move hazard or Sanchez
or hunter back to camp meanwhile
division one we have won four out of
five games we are we have two points
away from safety in the division but we
need 11 points in five games so we need
either four wins or three wins and two
draws so if I lose both today then we
can't get promote or if I lose and draw
no if I lose and draw we still don't get
familiar I mean the team's looking good
the only place we can really upgrade is
you know we get better Pogba but that's
like four into K as well or better
hazard bestsun keep let me know if you
want me to do that switch let me know if
you want me to get someone else let me
know
I mean I don't think we're gonna be able
to afford a pogba that's better
Oh 89 rated we have an 88 so it's I
don't know if it's really worth spending
all those coins on him like all 400 K or
whatever just for one better rating this
guy's got a leads kit and he's called L
UFC MOT and his team is bloody
incredible that's not leads husband the
furthest thing from Leith there's gonna
be a game of who can score more goals I
think alright we on we on now have to
turn back thank you ah well at least he
can't score straight from kickoff now
don't be a front post kind of guy don't
be if that's a front post that's a front
post kind of guy no get to him oh he
went for the past I didn't want it oh
okay okay again stop this ah we've read
that with he's gonna
sit back one more turn in yeah nice shot
bro nice shot oh I'm not sure about this
passing pass down that's good passing
that's not where I wanted it I'll take
you those son fucking Joe Hart you
shouldn't be saving that should be doing
a fucking the head and shoulders
commercial don't go let's go to corner
oh we are doing some good plays good
good place good play
really Wow after all of that gonna play
over the top I'm a changed play oh thank
god he missed because I change player
and he carried I'm running we pass it up
how's it more MORE shoot damn it Sanchez
freakin score a goal I pass it one more
take such boxes Alonso why is Marcus
Alonso there don't lamb do this don't
let me do this not now not now no come
on 45th minutes just defense I'm it
defend for your life I deserve this I
deserve to win this game so badly but I
can't freakin score cuz Sanchez does it
want to play football
slow down slow down oh that's how we do
we just we just uh sure him I should
trapping in the rain in any oh that's a
foul that's a horrendous foul son just
saying if I had the better son it
wouldn't have happened
and jump oh good money go and then come
back plus in and boom Sanchez is the
world's real life Oh how's he getting
through here he's much as he missed it
up
why is dim you could tip belly my mama
mama mama Mia
that's a foul that's good good jump
that's a go oh my days I'm getting lucky
I deserve to be storming this you know
what Sanchez worst player in the world
Sanchez if you school this I forgive
everything
thank you thank you Cengiz - no come on
on top finesse why do I do that same
shot every time and it produces the same
save you ain't scoring this come here
I'll show Ari it's not so a warrior it's
son yeah what what pussy a walk beside
faster no not that far side when I say
far side I mean you know in the middle
now it's officially over boom it's done
game done good game gg gg
get out of my face no goals for Hunter
and no man of the match no assists see
these he's really like zoned out a
little bit but we got two goals this is
the important thing
eight points off the title only 15k
packs today but it's alright I mean we
don't get anything anyway realistically
we just want some coins so we just quick
sell this stuff unless we get something
half decent a little pause and the
little oh that's like an 82 rated for
the essence o8u 480 might sell for a
little bit not gonna lie to you guys I'm
literally just focused on this like we
can win this game now we need to win two
out of the last three I still have the
freaking party cannons in case I do win
the league all right let's see this team
let's see it I mean the other team was
technically better than that oh no
that's too good soon as well you don't
get that I think by winning a tournament
which means he must be quite decent like
I'm happy for the guy to have a good
team as long as the other play a lot as
long as the players aren't players that
are people that can tell if they're good
basically I just don't want to play
someone that has players you can only
get by winning tournaments poke poke
keep going how is it getting out of this
year's gonna know it's not pasta food
possibly turn out turn up and just shoot
oh I need to have more faith in hunter I
don't shoot with him I don't know how to
get through this guy's defense like
legit and there's the ball in there's
the ball in kind of our
oh I don't know how you score oh oh oh
oh oh such as you see okay I'm actually
like I'm barely celebrating because I
genuinely like shaking right now
here you go again here we go again
claiming again whoa son almost got that
passed through Hazzard with the finesse
oh that's in his hands
give me off some please please I'm
begging okay okay I'll take one nail up
a half time I'm good and I mean I
deserve it I deserve it it's close but
he ain't shooting ah these games are way
too tense they're way too tense for my
boots come on Marnie Marnie Mon is the
way he whacks the ball into the keeper
straight to the goal feet okay turn in
turn out oh oh just like a step towards
it would have worked here we go here we
go my oh wait wait wait turn back
okay actually no no that touch would
have messed up and here's the goal
absolute bullshit a bullshit and he's
dabbing what's wrong with this guy why
are people like this in Division one you
think I'm talking about I turned it back
broke that's why I should have Walker
Monet
I've got wires a myth he is an absolute
myth how is he saving everything like
that pass it forward turn out positive
cross finesse
I shouldn't have shot that was a
terrible idea what just happened what
does that oh my days oh my god oh my god
he didn't actually school this is there
is it up that's it draw it's a draw it's
a controlled by man in the match well
played mate didn't get goal with hunter
didn't get an assist we get one pack
seven points in three games two wins and
a draw
I beg if I come up against you let me
win one pack and it's it's awful it's
just truly awful I don't know what to do
when we what he's like nice to plays but
it was he you know what just because why
not we're gonna wait for one more as
well we're well over one more and it's
even worse than that in it it's gonna be
even worse than the last batch who wins
and a draw out of the last three games
that's harder than it's easier said than
done but that's all for today let me
know who you want me to buy I'll have
two hundred and fifty thousand quintus
up to you guys say guys watching please
you fucking with me I'm on the whole
wait just wait you see that's why I came
in the way DP burn up all night never
holding the key in birthdays come on
Pete I got the rate in for repeat this
is jank know what I mean I'm an effete
that extra super
