if you guys are looking for any Ultimate
Team Coins check out one fifa.com in the
description usually five in year five
seventy what's up guys are welcome to
another Royal Rumble game today I'm
playing against bazinga last time I drew
three all with him and I have made an
upgrade since that I played against JJ I
want one nail on this channel and I
upgraded bends over to in four beds
around then I play Josh and ER and I
lost them by playing Ethan today if you
guys want to check out the table as well
you can check out in the description it
is on side my clothing calm he's the
only person that has got a draw with me
everyone else I've beaten and he I'm the
only person he's got a point up as well
even let's go oh yay
the my star besting got better witting
uh-oh your teams are proved a little bit
and look whoa okay yeah yours as Ethan
last time we drew the real it's the
exciting match it was a very exciting
match but I am the only person you've
got point against it's very true so now
I'm gonna get three we'll see won't we
we'll see what we know more if literally
if that went in I would have just cry I
think I would acquit the early is range
couldn't ever good I actually have a
passionate hatred for Christ why because
look look at this if this doesn't go any
shit oh are you mad oh man alright okay
cool
oh my god oh oh my god whoa new Gullu oh
my god you fucking smell us that was it
won it that was it that was it when it
actually was wrath pen fuck off is that
shut up shut your little mouth you
already mean yeah something school goes
well he'll can oh shit oh shit rice oh
you Llewellyn right so lucky well how
was i lucky why is it lucky why is it
all skill why can't I be good for once
because you're not
run principal run why don't you any
matter dude - hey Holden I'm gonna add
in game music didn't just incident
didn't it than it did it oh my god Simon
D Simon silence this is the first time
I've taken the lead in this whole
fucking league I knew it's gonna be on
say you're like my kryptonite you know
in a gay way yeah hey don't go weak for
you today what my diet my team is a
banana what oh wait that's right why you
look where you're bossing let's light
the first rule of football I need them
your baby so oh my god why why are you
throwing at that oh my god no nanny
great ste great losers what's happening
why am I playing like a Ethan yeah no no
no yes yes Oh monkeys Oh Nathan I'm a
fucking god
oh my god you little sweat as well thank
you so much passes across goal Thank You
base good oh my god what is happening
they were visited i mugged know what mom
Christ your shit you're having issues
I'm having such issues you should see me
against Josh over bed that is three is
three
you're absolute that is day three Simon
I don't think this is a joke me
my team is shot lat I know you're all
gonna like say this is bullshit but my
team is genuinely debt that I 0 shut-ins
okay
they're fucking fantastic thanks man
thanks
the best challenge ever are you know the
best challenge ever ow it's a foul
I know as you've already won you're my
you're drunk you're saying greed why
what Lightwood don't is the night the
boating why no I'm gonna tack in going
in going in no that's not like a tackle
gee it's not like to tackle him either
no this is fantastic this is what I love
I love this that's a dull pain oh you
just took no v-line you matter you just
took I'm over you are you trying it
there you're mad now your your dickard
your dickard you deserve gold no but the
thing is I need for upgrades to make a
football team come on they'll let me
have one more hello look deal together
you're shorter mate now you're cheatin
the Sheehan this is I'm letting you this
is me letting you this is very Latin
youth is it yeah I didn't do a good job
hey why is my team so bad I don't
understand why is handicap a thing oh
yeah I'm Mika yeah that we're doing is
it what is it story was over we're
cooling we could in the handicap I
happened in every game so far yeah look
I didn't pick my team is special yeah
that's cool no no no my team's sick
I literally this team that is for you
got one shot so make it count em you'll
never get in this moment again I might
know because name I can't do shit the
clock was ticking down it's the final Oh
fuckers fuck this fucking shit man Thank
You Simon
thank you very much pleasure did bialy
that is the that game done that's my
charity for the year no ha ha ha I lost
them draw purpose just so you know yeah
yeah but yeah that's all for today so
thanks a ton for the game obviously in
comments subscribe to me because I'm the
better FIFA player yeah oh yes
shit oh my god
the only two players I don't have
they're about silvers Chow head chewy
chachi Chad chewing ah now I remember
why I stopped doing pack openings
because I never find them until team of
the year like literally fat I didn't
even know that was a player things I
don't know these players well enough
that I feel like he's just transferred
there but he's still terrible I second
superstition is the attempt to lick
