what's up guys welcome to another pack
opening now I thought I wouldn't be
doing these since team of the year is
now I just bit my tongue oh I thought I
wouldn't be doing these team of the year
it's now over I'm gonna stop that I
thought I wouldn't be doing this since
too many years now over but there's 25k
pass out and there is this man inform
Neymar if I can get him or even any of
the informs I will be ecstatic but
before I starve you guys want in the
ultimate team close check out one
fifa.com in the description using the
five oh five cent discount so I have
five superstitions lined out I will be
doing a substitution on every other pack
so the first one is just normal
now if I get an in-form I will be happy
or just anyone good cuz the market is so
are that is shocking that I love when I
have every single player just every
single player okay so the first
superstition is the dramatic pack
is that is that please is that gonna
work I did it please
oh my god the only two players i don't
have they're both silvers chat head
chouhi chachi jack Chewie ah now I
remember why I stopped doing pack
openings because I never find them until
team of the year like that literally I
didn't even know that was a player thing
is I don't know these players well
enough that I feel like Jesus just
transferred them but he's still terrible
I second superstition is the attempt to
lick cock pack like what really I don't
have your meaning for me to go get one
of the others in the house and no no oh
please why who are these players
please tell me that these are building
out for like some amazing place shit
please govern it no I'm about to say
thank God I finally got Blair's I don't
have before but there's a reason I don't
have a look at them I'd like to say his
name simples burger okay so the next
superstition is a row too short
oh why am I doing this
Wyatt like I just got ass am saving a
last name that's a first name I'm fucked
up somewhere cuz I have four pets left
with two superstitions though I'm after
this superstition now you know what so
many people wanted to know like the star
pack so you know what here we go
yo alright let's see who we can get I've
no idea who I'm freaking Nana yet but I
am going to discard I think all I know
is if that was in full name ah I'm
quitting YouTube
hopefully EA will were like repay my
kindness and bravery and give me an LSE
please please slow the final
superstition is great feet drop reaction
to never freaking like Minecraft anyway
but genuinely thumbs up my pack opening
so far right now I am finding absolute
that's right depending on how much it
goes for now oh wow that was a failed
pack opening but I got some
superstitions that you guys wanted me to
try so yeah thank you guys wow I'm about
to just I'm about to leave
hey guys watchin if you wanna keep
leaving substitutions underneath let me
know if they are switching Han sure what
please go get rid get rid all my days
hand out of its you're living a bit
dangerously mate okay come on please
please please please play but no not
there you retard out come on okay now
you know what nah nah what I didn't go
that okay okay I did I did hey whoa no
why there's a tiny little bit of lag I
know you're not gonna believe me
