what's up guys and welcome to your mum's
ultimate team anyways what's up guys and
welcome to your ultimate team not your
mum's last time I asked you guys who I
should buy and you guys actually told me
someone to buy this time Diego Costa so
I've gotten that that's pretty much what
my coins gone I'm down to seventeen
thousand coins you guys need to let me
know who to get next then if you guys
want in the Ultimate Team Coins take out
one fever calm in the description use me
if I get five cent discount I'm in
Division six I need to win both of these
games and I win the title I'm using the
Italian team for this game enough
talking let's go first opponent is moist
nany FC that is a strange and only one
rare up Nadal's back come on this team
is so bad come on this is like the first
time I playing at song with a oh my god
this is like the first time I play
against someone with a bad team I come
on please can I not can I not lose
please but how those for the fun it's
got power run up as well just do it come
on please click ah just go ruin the fun
this guy doesn't he what a jump
what please go get rid get rid good for
my days hand out of its you're living a
bit dangerously mate okay come on please
please please please play but no not
there you retard up come on okay now you
know what not not what what I didn't go
that okay I can't get I did I did hey
whoa no why there's a tiny little bit of
lag I know you're not gonna believe me
but trust me there is come on Ashley
actually catch him where's your plate oh
my God look at it flip blurt please
please
how give it oh my god oh my god plate
boss okay run run this is my chart this
is my chart but this oh okay now I need
to score please please ok he's let me
through
Oh get there ok for Dow he's made a
mistake he's made estate playback what
the Frick is how is he TT me oh cool Oh
Obama yes please
ok no no come on this guy just has like
nine players and of
and how the hell is it Neil Neil what
halftime let literally the lag I know
you can't see it that much but I know
what you saw at one time the lag is
literally killing me I piss up his
office off no no how how get rid get rid
please why did you know pick the ball up
he took it with his goalkeeper he took
it
he's taking over this goalkeeper playing
playing please please again please I beg
of Bob oh just it's an open goal you've
missed the fuck echo I'm not I'm not
winning this game it's as simple as that
I'm just I just can't win this I
honestly come of the last time I had a
neonatal draw breath I just don't I
don't know what to do from this kind of
position mersen's I guess have a shot no
no no no no no I was going in please
read this this has to be this has to be
mother's just four times what the hell
is he doing okay with Napoli there you
go there you go
Obama Obama Obama just do new oh my days
waterfall water ball who is this Divino
today no but didn't mean to say that
extra touch all right give it back come
on and the game all right play on this
is a chance this is Ernest I go on
Quadrophenia Gervinho
whoa there is three two and there it is
three new which means one point and I
get promotion four points and I get the
title and it's time to try out a PBL
theme with Diego Costas there we go oh
shit right let's go come on come on if I
can get a Diego Costa first touch Diego
is it bleep oh my god jiggle got some
nuts not your shitty Subaru told me to
buy MK corner so I thought oh bob to get
the bomb there it is one nil seven
minutes in is it busy is that it is that
it how much
seven minutes seven minutes looks like
I'm in a special episode today lads
we're playing three games this game will
decide whether I get the title in this
episode or not I didn't think it was
possible and pick up I could be that
flame I'm buying Diego okay it's a
corner thank God I was about to question
Diego Costa even though that was anyone
shot out of the terrible corner no no
how has he just done all three and oh my
god that's a golfer how did he just
dribble through all three of me why
would you quit at this stage I'm in the
exact same position as the last guy and
he quit saying it I've seen it I've seen
it I've seen it
who's this oh so that's a girl afraid
but you're not strong apparently why I
could have guessed that okay come on
come on Morales Morales drop your and
yeah you think I'm gonna but you don't
know about up are you sick
yeah oh my god you're serious oh no oh
no no lots of challenge what the hell is
that
okay gosh good blend bleep no no no no
no stop it how the hell am I losing
one-nil I'm just I'm gonna cry I'm gonna
cry at this cadet listed of information
it's getting sealed of the title I've
already got promotion this could have
been the title no no no no no are you
for what what's happened
for what sorry what happened
so where's the foul I'm going to lose
this game because of a load of bullshit
vomit
oh my god do cuz that's why I bought you
that's why not because they don't be too
but but good lap well and because you
told me to oh my god I only need a draw
lots of come on that's my ball that's
pleat ok please me a corner it's a
cornea ok please I just need a drop I
didn't need to do that but it's ok
because not wet out oh shit no why what
the hell no please
game over game fucking over
oh please come on ok I've seen them in
there see him there but it's not oh he's
got it if you ever you wanna you know
just just let me score again feel free
please please play play play he's on
he's on he's on he's on please - what's
up she just just just ways were said
about there no defensive ultra defensive
no I've got I've got it yeah that's it
I've done it
put collaged up your 90th minute
equaliser with my centre back to 90th
minute goals has just secured me the
title now I'm into Division five you
guys need to let me know who to by have
24,000 points the most liked comment
will be the one I advice to thank guys
watching and see you never see him which
sort off the ball the duero
you need a frickin player and I do and
sustain the obvious bitch haha why not
talk about well because I'm swaying I
can tell I can hear the sweat dripping
are you mad maybe not your eyes finally
closed it
