if you guys are looking for any Ultimate
Team Coins check out 1 Peter calm in the
description usually 5 in year 5 cents
what's up guys and welcome to Royal
Rumble this league is going so well for
me right now
I have played at Sur cup of Zynga and
cow freezy I will give you this one
chance to click off the video if you
haven't seen the results ok here you get
this one shot 5 4 3 2 1
so if you didn't know I played Josh I
want 4 - I played Ethan I drew 3 oh and
I played cow yesterday on my channel and
I won 6-2 now if you didn't know you get
an upgrade Peugeot you score so right
now I'm seeing pretty comfortable and my
fevers just oh it's it it's actually got
to the point where we've agreed you can
take out a gold player and replace him
with a gold player so I've taken out a
few because they weren't playing so well
so take a look and my team ok we got
Benzema in instead of Suarez cuz he's
done nothing for me then we got bail
instead of Wellington silver we have
inform Isco at cam for mod rich Pepe in
Padilla kita inform golden in for Ramos
and Bravo in for the homeless man today
I'm playing JJ but I'm not chatting I'm
gonna make him pay for making me dye my
hair red ok we go okay sup JJ yo mum you
ready for my team have a look it's
pretty wank we just agreed if it's Annie
O'Neill at 90th minute can we just quit
both to score a goal but oh no yeah but
you go first yeah so did I I just paid
our 800 K to miss that no no no no no no
no no no oh that's all right
I know you go on yes no oh my fucking
god
wow what a turn from a girl and then he
does that oh yes it's just really that's
what I go to Suarez you would have
missed that bro I am so nervous man I'm
not sure what I'm not sure why though
because I don't really want to upgrade
in your place but one nail will do me
happy
Tana oh fuck oh go I'm taking you down
for Jordi Alba so I would not join it
Alba does not do that I've never seen
him which sort off the ball it's ag√ºero
you need a fricking player eh I do and
sustain the obvious bitch haha
why not talking man well this is I'm
swing I can tell I can hear the sweat
drip
are you mad mad mad finally blows shit
please - fuck no how is he gonna pull
like a psycho 7-foot and built like a
shithouse I don't give a shit what you
guys just shuts Ravo are you fucking
serious
I don't believe just say that I just
thought this thing you might score that
you might know absolutely that's
halftime come on last time one nil up
yes
are you fucking serious stop corner and
you know me look at this the starch are
fucking saying you owe me you're nervous
as well mate you're nervous as well eyes
of his life oh you look at Warren Gogh
yeah yeah this is this is way too tense
my liking I just came here for a
friendly game come on now yoga now who's
crossing huh no cross you don't pee
don't cross yeah whoa whoa that's bad
are you serious a good yes Pepe no no no
I didn't hear why you give him shots
like that
no no no no no no no Kiba what all right
yo show my Jose oh wow I can I can feel
the sweat levels rising
yo yeah I leave a fucking go me a my
fucking our feet okay moist oh my god
run
I don't hurt I don't care I'll take a
one-nil I will take a one-nil does you
get no upgrades bitch man
fuck beef or fish piggy ha ha yo cowl 6
- but he got two upgrades yo at least I
think conceit six goals yeah but he gets
upgrades see it's even now alright - but
now well you didn't have a shot in the
second half
what yeah I did no you didn't wow that's
all for today
Thank You JJ for the easy win is too big
easy alright thank you guys watching a
be sure haha I really want about to go
in
yeah because trust me it's the red boot
effect Oh red red boot rabbit for a
waifu are you serious are you sir yes
yes now rise go go
that was a shocking goal know what the
fuck that show guys
yes go
