if you guys are looking for any Ultimate
Team Coins check out one fifa.com
in the description usually five-year
five percent discount yeah guys what's
going on a welcome to Royal Rumble today
I am playing against Cal freezy now if
you have missed any of the games you can
check them out on everyone's channels so
5 played circa and you know the score
I'm not going to say if you did if you
don't know you go check now then I
played four single on his channel now we
said every goal you score you get to
upgrade a player I have gone out to just
try and score as many goals as I can and
it's what it is what so much so now
after two games this is my t-bone
look at this team I have got seven
upgrades so we got rid of all of these
silver players down here we put in these
goals that suarez name are any other
moderate Alba Ramos and Alvin I kept
Barbosa in gold cuz it did me really
well you know even though he's letting a
lot of goals you did well do you taste
on while and Wellington silver you know
years that he's that player that
couldn't change the game now I have to
play freeze Lee I know he's scored quite
a few goals as well so this is gonna be
an interesting game so how frizzy it's
time we play let's just let's just get
into this game well well well
freezing oh my oh no I'd be miss so
nasty look I'm pretty ugly right team's
nasty little ear attack
you have three silvers yeah we have
three silver so you have frickin bail
naima oh my god
I know don't try to make out like I'm
gonna Bertie you have 7c it's about even
it's a 100 upgrade 100 100 ha ha you're
that guy stop being that guy oh no no
cow town yes Oh No
just pass the belt macho
not your ball ha ha ha that wasn't a
header Oh No yeah
Oh Kelly Marie room please
course courgettes alone this man
actually our keeper because we having
same deeper you know I think we should
chuck in some money and get our keeper a
nice house look at him he really does
look homeless
your favorite back could you oh my god I
bet if I school repair you know I'm not
gonna get my dick out again why do
people try and mess with people with the
red boots
they're always the better players on
FIFA it's like a known thing if you have
red look name or it's gonna screw me
here ha ha I really want about to do it
yeah because trust me it's the red boot
effect Oh red red boot ready for my food
are you serious right you sir yes yes
nachos God knows that was a shocking
goal know what the fuck that shows right
yes No oh you you want to know why Stu
senior beat Neymar in like all the runs
is because his red boots are actually
shinier as you know it's Apple CEO yes
you senior oh my god they are food look
how shiny my oh you're onto something
ok dollars ok Khedira doin cowboy red
lip what oh my god that touch was
horrible big big like a big shot caveman
caveman has let me down he doesn't even
have 400 sees it sees it oh my gosh do
Quique you have my days homeless man
piss off Pima would you mad and I say if
I lose this game it's actually and I'm
not joking it's because my hands are
cold
what yeah what I've got cold hands you
know I don't know I'm not accepting that
couch oh come on no no it's a really
reasonable excuse it's the cool pad will
not let me sell my head give me these 30
seconds will set my hand
serious you can just sitting on your
hands dude they're really fall my part
is so cold one eternity later ok I think
I'm ready
oh my god ooh they're nice and toasty
down oh dear oh yeah wow you found me oh
oh no trouble trouble no oh yeah he just
a be just like spawn on a gamble hey
buddy caveman Palmateer
have you been feeding your caveman
that's not fair haha core mate I going
crazy
good there you go there you go go go oh
my god no you just fed him a hard time
that's what you were doing
you thought I was worried secretly I was
feeding the caveman
oh my god oppressive and this is the
goal why is do you keep a standing that
you can't you stay there do not know
here like in Ramos vamoose that's not
Ramos can we just point out Khedira has
gone from being a hero a useless just oh
my God he's just a waste of sperm look
at that all I was good but no red boots
I'm starting to don't believe your fairy
tale okay I accept that was actually
that was itself for your agency you're
picky thank you thank you players so
awesome shit look I'm sure everyone will
agree with me if you have cold hands you
just shouldn't play fifa all my days oh
my oh my days that like that was a good
cold it's a little you girlfriend you
pretty much got the full team with
in by now hahaha all right no no how is
that not in your caveman is on something
now if you put tribute cards at halftime
you know you can like a kiss my lips
look almost wisemen oh my god oh my god
six-two talk about a close game no no no
okay that's a nice it he's got it a goal
it's a goal six to I get six upgrades
say that he paid me in digestive
biscuits the Chivers he paid me
digestive biscuits to throw this game he
promised me the nice chocolate ones well
that was a fun game yeah it was me and
Cal gets upgrade a few players but
actually you know what I look at I lost
but I do actually get to upgrade to
players exactly so why do you laughing
at me haha not laughing at situation I
look for today thanks Cal for the game
yeah thanks thank you guys for watching
and sure uh I don't know that was your
cross or my deflection yes you saw a
shit look go
that's what's in the back you'll sit
right the school would know Jay works ok
that's not a good start
right ok yeah sound let that deal
