what's up guys and welcome to a YouTube
drawing challenge where we have to draw
a youtuber and then guess who it is well
one of us draws the other two guests
this is the whiteboard we using as you
can see well yeah probably clear that
yeah we have to clear this yeah anyway
let's go
so in the Hat are lots of youtubers
names I'm gonna pick one to draw it and
then then try and guess if it is so
shaky shaky I'm not going to show you
guys you can guess as well okay so this
is the first drawing machine control my
youtube not my youtuber do it
draw a youtuber I hope it's he thinks
that he's drunk it's youtuber all right
yeah you ready
I'm the game I'm not good at drawing I
thought it was amazing I'm setting up to
draw I think that I'm not gonna draw
nothing about this is real life is your
real oh okay the lunch okay oh my god
yeah no no no no no no see what is it
Narita man China oh hey mr. mini winter
not so sure no my hair because I JJ ah
yes I love Jules what you mean you don't
live around room I gotta see costume in
our schools because they're two levels
just you're too much of critique
introducing Vincent van Vic no I don't
want to know I don't want him to
drawable we're drawing you know that off
with some feet some man you crispy
though you could say nothing pretty good
so far about that he trained himself
okay he's on fire you know that he's not
slighted who's on when you are people
losing obeys left your left handed you
gonna put me what is done I don't know
it anymore
if you're scared no I don't live anymore
I know he's cut them off me oh well I'm
happy dexterous what aroma left do you
feel oh nice living the dream okay my
time I'm left-handed so after will use
that camera instead you're so awkward no
respect this camera he doesn't say walk
in front of it is nervous that there's a
last one okay what were you know who it
is you're ready brace Ethan season
that's not your trial right okay nice
clothes since it's a good try cuz I feel
like as your senator Neil Davis don't
you stand like you're eating this
chicken Oh ideas like one legs assures
Ronald McDonald good here chillin back
hahahaha it's after a man it's my
favorite youtubers the Hat is the Hat
it's a girl I still think I supposed to
go he's going
the animal hat things yeah this is also
part of him
it's a freezer okay no jewelry
yeah feel strong you should well yeah
how crazy
okay round two well one can you get one
come on that one I think he's got me
something get dumb a good one I'm a good
youtuber Lego no lego man this is okay
this is I'm just gonna get a whole
fraggin
I'm just going to assign random to like
throw you one because as soon as I think
of next there so tell us what you're
doing what the you doing just doing
the eyes you can either be a demon demon
okay wait there's enough the wrong way
around you have black in the mid some
white around the I'll shut up black
youtuber know what I'm just man just now
I don't think is a it could be actually
either syndicate project
hey is actually very soft loop hairy guy
goes up on a Tuesday you can put his
profile picture next that you can tell
different OMG Vic back to change the
game that were FC bitcoins MC and what
mp4 my fancy actions they go maybe they
start shooting we did not get no not no
I did not very well done what is what
this is my show
hunt dragon would you say it again
then you're right I'll touch you right
yeah legend I face mr. Sirk around to do
okay shaky-shaky
it looks like a table 230 stain will be
a table what boys going on now that's
interested heavens Oh what is the
mushroom like that oh I get it
I generally thought that was a skirt oh
you actually not got that me to take
Kuno double hang on take my advice let's
get right into the answer
oh is DJ Kue JT yeah - ooh stuffy
shakings devil teamster made his face
keep stop oh that's not you do the phase
logo right so this is Round three
we're doing the speed round so you know
once you start drawing you got 21
seconds ago you've got a minute you
don't win a second anyone segment is
like it's on now three two one go
all right person on the horizon but
that's rough hey Harry I have shoulders
that kind of engaging okay hands in the
air they just don't care dog it hand is
it is a katika what is that ah that's
okay because it some some pepper
no no zombies come on no no curly blue
hair touching like that like we already
have a little pet there's a kid why is
the killed by him it's a black baby you
can't bury him hey Sam if video v1 is
heck needs me so much more of a bad - it
won't come out let's just go like twice
tinier off the board Superbird I think I
don't know who's got it straight off hmm
oh my god that's a person yeah me too
worried about the drawing I never is
matter that's not nice
that's not why my dick you go neck head
it doesn't matter anyways so I did what
I needed to do what's going to leave
anyways it was dead G your DNA team
right Betty
that's just the super get is that it
happened just move on dinner dinner
sorry times up as it goes what is that
that's the answer
brother okay so dice take it's like a
riddle gonna die yeah that's good brings
you by one bitter fun right so what is
this diagnosed was one Dyson as I die
okay was this guy okay so final round
region one will go okay so it's gonna be
a good one I don't know what's happening
yeah yeah
I don't what I'm Judith all right this
is this is a masterpiece they have
income 50 Bobby and I give different
masterpiece
okay he's got a clue Smashbox so what
you say something else thing is every
gets here it's gonna come across wins if
I really know this UT um no I usually
the product play no no I feel like this
is a trap we want gas that I guess we
have a feeling that is whatever
everything that's what's about feel that
don't think you just look over that sign
there bro look that's caved in on it so
I mean it's a Glasgow Vic why do you why
you look into the camera right as to
make Charles don't pay attention you pay
attention you still on board submit
teacher that's a face okay I can thank
this is gonna be yep I'm everything here
I think I feel like we should put a nice
misery gonna go grab a mentor its
bazinga
Sarika HD why did you blow me HD I don't
wanna be thanks to anymore no no no SD
now half half half half okay that's a
good start
its Lucas dumb all over okay 10 doesn't
want to be me anymore
think we all know what it is at this
point but we're just yeah it's it isn't
like him either
yo oh that's you Rosa sure that's what
softener and there you Yeezys oh all
right we really yes it
yeah leaving any properties hold them
continue yeah true like a brochure there
you go so that is all for today in the
drawing youtubers would don't please
please no anyway real so record a video
on Josh and Vic's channel so you check
them out in the description please
please yeah that's over the later you
guys watch it and see
