what's going on guys and welcome to Rio
right and I'm not jay-z I'm not Eddie
I'm not him
today I'm playing against Josh or
circuits you may know him the rules for
this remember are every goal you score
you get to upgrade one player by one
level from silver gold in form legend
then there's also a table so that you
know we actually see who wins still
everyone else has played a game
yesterday which you can see on josh's
channel and on Cowell Ethan's channel so
I know Josh is gonna have a couple gold
players maybe if you want I haven't
actually found out the result yet but
anyway this is my team this team not a
look stick by no cow and Josh's teams
are both very similar to this so I feel
like there might be some overlap between
me and Josh but I'm excited to play I
want to just score as many goals as
possible even if I lost just the first
game if I lost like six five I don't
think I mind that much just as I get to
upgrade so many players but before I get
into the game if you guys want any else
with Team Quest you got one fifa.com in
the description using five get five cent
discount Josh let's freaking go okay hey
Josh hello
yo my gosh don't play is that oh oh yeah
I haven't played the game what well yet
no you serious I feel like this kabocha
this good like work in your favor though
really yeah really I feel like eh don't
like me today they gonna give you good I
don't like you right now
oh all right here we go let's go give me
some more go oh my god no no I just as
long as I score he's the new players
Josh can we have a deal that if you
score like five and you just can I have
a goal okay let's not get too ahead of
ourselves let's decide what we decide
this one someone school to go cuz you
might be new five new and I'm still
about yo-yo do person goes oh my oh you
got Barbosa Rizzo eat the homeless guy I
see I gotta see the ear player is o one
come on ring okay I'm starting price
tonight football good oh wait um uh I
don't know that was your cross or my
deflection yes you saw oh shit look
great
go run
yes I shall send it back you'll sit
right to school would told you I wash
your face okay that's not a good start
right okay yes I'm that that deal yeah I
mean I need some girls oh right
well that's why you need that's why I've
already scored isn't it you know you've
let me yeah Oh No see now I'm let you
whoa yeah there you go
I know are you good Suarez what what get
up no no yes why the well it's doable
kitchen he beat his homeless man like
just because he doesn't have a home
doesn't mean you can't jump ladies go is
the home what's the it's not a very good
a job like doing a good job tattoos
alert yes is bit the new CCTV in a lot
literally just try giving him a kiss
look better kiss my belly button on my
day no Josh Josh what Josh Josh the same
designer K aside top 5 goals oh okay
leave me alone oh my god oh my gosh pops
what's that Go Go Go Ilana
who are you Oh blah yes
give me the pen I know it's tart pan
hook please come on Ref what yes yes
this is guy before me no no s come on
boys is going to do it mini mini
everything really got no good no good
right against me oh okay you don't know
no no oh yes oh my god look you got
nothing
I've barely had a shot but it's still
before you come in it was good that's
like my second shot a half Ramos is not
doing you any favors
yeah he's not very good is it ah a
centre-back and a little weed has got
past him a weed yeah well it's in silver
a weed yes he's a weed why is he a weed
is the optimizing like things grow off
of him what things don't grow off of
weeds weeds grow to mean where is oh my
god I've been mugged I've been mugged no
no no oh come on no that's all right
girl
homeless man the hell just happened
Damian is on the ball you ready for this
this is a minimun spree dick oh wait
wait this is part of it this is a part
of it oh my god it is so who's the a
girl with what we done of him I don't
know even know who Victor is the
couple's like open a new goalkeeper
already
I want homeless man back under that
looks good yo you've got two upgrades at
the moment I actually don't change in
him now fuck it you got actually can't
even move oh no no no no no no no no no
no no you keep going all right thank you
what are you doing please pass boss yes
Cruz yes
wait go he's on he's on no no hi Damn
You Josh ah I don't don't do this all
right fuck nah fuck it I'll take I'm
gonna fuck is Damian and why is he
better late Damian is a king what the
fuck is that okay no that what that no
come on no no no no no way yes yes why
have I turned it off the a girl business
to get out of my goals so quick
oh right yeah shake your head Ronaldo
hang your head in shame Josh I want to
thank you for surely doctor bye Wow
no no no no no no no how tygo and Larry
scored and it's packed with is David oh
no I must be dazzled
yes though what are you gonna do you I
used to be a cheetah here ah that's it I
get four players looks like it to me too
ha ha
I know I'm not my guy off my go keep
various stages so quickly
yeah that's all for today next up is
Ethan on his charming that's tomorrow
thank you guys for watching
and yeah she like knows that you're like
two foot tall an acrobatic bitch because
you're smooth doesn't mean you're
acrobatic you um do any acrobats at all
you ran you're a sprinter that's it
Usain Bolt wanna be very famous like JJ
JJ
gene a yes or something oh my god okay
No
