what's up guys and welcome to another
your ultimate team at where I buy who
you want me to that I play I always win
I don't win today then it's just a
freakin nature I'm not like I know I
always win last time I'll see you guys
who wanted me to buy I said I had sixty
three thousand coins and the best
response the most liked one was this so
I don't know I don't know what to do
with that as that was the most liked
comment I decided why not to buy a gold
jumbo jumbo gold pack just just one I
regret that anyways the last episode I
bought the Italian league team so now I
have two teams the BPO in the Italian
league I'm a carry on in Division six
now before I start you guys want any
other team boys check out one people
calm in the description use mini five
year five cent discount so you guys need
to let me know who to buy okay you are
your fifty thousand coins the most liked
comment will be the one I do if it's
possible
so first opponent average VP up no wait
BP up wait bro I'm scared oh no I see
why he's gone for that team I see why
he's got oh shit shit okay he's gone for
that team because every single player
there is rapid as hell no no no no no no
no okay this is exactly why I was scared
of it when I can score I can come on
the Boucher DeVoe
stick that in your pipe and smoke it
look at that strike okay come on Morales
okay now I'm starting to getting my
stride a little bit right wait wait wait
claim that what da fuck is that
give me the ball this guy's guy doesn't
get please could I've what the fuck good
save KK get rid guru guru get past
will you stop texting me no stop oh my
god oh my fuck oh holy shit oh he ran
into me right
do not doesn't he just die
I didn't know it was a dive bone in this
run de Buci run okay okay good pulling
no that's not good bull but go on go on
no what didn't meet the boss but I did
what no are we serious good please why
oh yes no insignia
just scored a header against me halftime
I'm losing I said to you guys I never
lose and I feel like this is karma
biting me in the ass so if you really
are a magician you'll score this please
blue clip space as glitters freakin big
nose you wanna start the chance you
coolness to the charge still jobs wait
wait oh boy that's a good look
yes yes I'm so just don't know what just
happened I don't know how I even got
through there without still but it
worked oh shit no no no no okay has he
no just a Bhushan please can I just Gary
please can I get rid of this please this
is easy please
no no no my life right now oh my god
this guy literally just runs with
Giovinco I know you know he's not even
gonna turn in his ik oh shit that's a
goal for our 85-minute oh my god I lost
oh my god I can't believe I lost that is
literally that the Karma which means I'm
still not safe in this division I still
need that one point just you know really
keep me here I mean I need ten points or
one has three wins and a draw to get the
title that's that's easily doable this t
this is the team this is the team that's
gonna win me games I second opponent
this one this is this is the ghetto shit
why why like what
why do you have to play against me you
know what no I am my good team this time
and he is a fucking I don't I don't know
where he is he's something and Murr
tends mert ends the story cool I'm so
gassed that within one go on good ticket
such oh okay
a bother a bother I don't I don't know
where do I go Oh Madsen's but I don't
know how to say his name of care know
someone laughter me I don't know how to
say his name please can this guys stop
like what is he trying I don't
understand what he's trying to do right
now he's only trying to score like
incredible goals oh no no no no no no
Kay Kay Kay
what's up really see what I mean it's
only going for like sick goals Amit Lee
the HUD have been pretty nice why go on
bedell go over now go on now go on ref
okay play on clown he's dick tip no get
across it ah it just gets his straight
back and now he's on the attack yeah and
somehow he's got through that what grant
good hands mate why are you showing from
that literally every single timing as
the boy to shoot you know what he's
doing right is boosting his stats cuz I
bet if we look at the stats now yeah
there we go look ten shots
- on target look at that from plan plan
go go go go look for more turns under
now yusei's there be scored he is the
best player in my team playing player
blending Oh Oh what I'll get you're the
worst playing team please be on please
be on please be on please be on please
be on please be a gold please count it
count
that's a nice belt no stop just stop
shooting from ridiculous places okay I'm
getting really sick of this Wow um I
kind of have to take back a lot of what
I said throughout this game Oh Jimmy
Neos away - video seen them out run
above Oh run yeah this is what you get
for shooting at ridiculous angles that's
what you get he doesn't deserve that
luxury yeah leave him leaving just just
piss off yet thank you which means I am
securing this division I need four
points to get promotion I need seven
points to get the title now you need to
let me know who to buy I have 51,000
coins don't do anything stupid
oh fuck now you're gonna do something
stupid whatever thank you guys for
watching and see ya he's done - Adam
it's done - it sounds a little Oh
weather wrote that comment you are a
genius like play God
Guan he's made a mistake oh I did not
mean to do that I actually meant to
shoot come on man just just let me just
let me play let me play some foosball
let me play okay where you going there
you go
