before we start make sure you're
subscribed i'm just we have the mcgregor
mayweather fight on in like i know a
half an hour or something I've just
placed my bet I seem like really hype
I'm actually not that hype I've just had
a couple of ciders few people over today
and we are watching they're upstairs
right now the scene is set we're
literally like an hour away and I have
placed a few bets as you can see we got
like a hundred pounds on round three
Mayweather I'm excited I'll report back
one hour later I lost it all I just lost
everything we all lost it all no one won
a single bet McGregor thus to Mayweather
I'm going to sleep it is way too late
like look look let you see that that's
daytime right when I wake up I will be
leaving to go to the BBK take over we
are playing a football match actually
people don't really know that playing a
football match sidemen VBB J the next
day well we've overslept
yeah
everybody knows what one
junker alright so that was macaron my
leg is in so much pain but apparently so
is jamming so I'll cool a even now it's
time to shower change go to the hotel
and then we get to watch the actual
thing I hate doing these but yeah that's
my hotel room yeah I've just had a
shower my leg it's in so much wave you
definitely can't see it right but that's
where it's meant to go and then that
bump isn't meant to be that that should
be flat
next scene alright so we have this room
here and we have no idea what to do with
it because I mean we don't come in here
we have that we have a sofa and a TV but
what should we do with it my suggestion
was like make that into a streaming
place and we can stream from there to
there because what I want to start doing
is making the vlog series where we do
something with this so you know whatever
progress we make I put it in the vlogs
and show you guys and keep you
up-to-date also I don't know what oh
that's the drum that use this stuff this
is more pure what stuff I didn't know
what this stuff had arrived yet what is
that it is Celtic that's a Celtic song I
keep saying Celtics I know it's Celtic
okay good it's nice it's alright thank
you very much Kaitlyn now the next one
kind of smells a little bit that's
goalie gloves I'm not gonna lie to you
guys
they smell past my channel has been
fried big up then fry for the goalie
gloves and the final one for today is
plastic forks are you sending me plastic
forks alright so I just want end this
video real quick with a reaction now I
wasn't gonna reflect I didn't want to do
a separate reaction video for this cuz
I've done a lot of reaction does a guy
called Afghan Dan who does a lot of
stuff on BG media Blackpool grind
basically he's done a side Mendes I
don't know is gonna be any good but
we're gonna listen to it now he's a bit
of a weird fellow sad man listen yo so
sad man just man Afghan and I come
without a boss corporate jobs Cochran
and dogs a little bit like shit but will
forgive you because your Afghan - Ethan
oh good for you
Oh even as a pussy you know got black
hair but he dies at ginger I have brown
hair like dark blondie Brown and I dyed
it or it I dyed it I dyed it red and now
it's clearly not ginger like everybody
knows it ginger
smells like a Freeman ibid my ace o
Kekaha me never went oh he wants over
ones of boomsticks Oh for that soaps
slap to the chorus tassels
I've can turn a corner and a jokes
Cochrane I adored you John Frisian or in
the sign language energy not in the side
band your big fat Dolan it just way too
close
easy tiger okay go you miss that they
cannot do 2d Charlie's yeah going on
Josh why are you not going in on Josh
Toby you didn't going on Josh Oh Toby
even though I'm frizzy and edgy I don't
even in the sidemen this is why I didn't
react to as a separate video guys though
there's nothing to it alright that's the
blog peace lay that hot fire
it's balls my tank ain't nothing but
lies
there ain't no my stripes anything could
it go Jim never talk to block Lawford
and butters in knife and votes it's mind
that there ain't no life bullshit you
might whenever ain't no life when you
can see but they ain't got sight nobody
knows if left is right
