what's up guys and welcome to another
Q&A I haven't done one of these in I
think 16 days I went out yesterday don't
ask me why basically today I wanted to
answer a few more questions do a few
less cutaways because I've kind of done
the same thing for the last few Q&A I
mean there's still be some cutaways but
not as many and no raps this time
anyways ask you guys on Twitter for some
questions using the hashtag banana
hammock it's a friend's quote for those
who didn't get it Tobi actually told me
to say it so if you didn't get it blame
Tobi anyways and up with that on to the
questions where did the mini mentor name
come from my penis is the whole side man
gang going to insomnia 54 we are all
going through some near 54 years April
3rd till the 6th in Coventry I want to
say I know there's a few other youtubers
going I know Joe well I think is going I
think some others I think a freezie
might go syndicate
those are there's quite a lot of people
going the last one we went to was
November here's a little clip of it if
you haven't seen
we made more noise than Facebook
but yeah that was so much fun and it was
so cool to meet so many of you insomnia
54 is gonna be so much bigger it's gonna
be mad so if you do want to have a look
check it out in the description and yeah
come say hi to me in all this I then
show us some of your juggling skills now
I don't know if you mean football
juggling or like actual juggling so I've
decided to choose for you and I'm going
for juggling oh oh new Simon cos juggle
way who up shit I can kind of juggle
it's not that good Oh getting up with
that I'm gonna hurt myself try and say
mini-mental without your lips touching
see now I've seen me get he gonna do
this before but I can't remember the
word he said but I have to say
mini-mental without my little kitten
Minnie rent our rental or any year in
time I sound like I'm saying really
renter who the fuck is that
Minnie men who name it really inter
really when what what am i doing what is
your favorite sex position the angry
pirate what would you do if you woke up
and Calum Russo was lying next to you in
bed and seducing you the angry pirate
did you actually get your dick away oh
okay let's just clear this up
I'm joking by the way and if you don't
know what it is don't look it up
seriously seriously did you actually get
your dick out on the wager video with
Cal for easy yeah if you saw this I I'm
kind of apologize basically I had a bet
with Cal because I made fun of a player
if you don't like the fur this is gonna
interest you this little story bit but I
said the Khedira
is a terrible player Peter so he said to
me if he scores with Khedira
I have to get my dick out on the video
now if you go and look at this image you
can quite clearly see my penis just here
impersonate each member of the side man
what obviously I don't have to
impersonate myself because I am myself
so I mean I'm doing a pretty good job
right now
black goalie
minecraft minecraft' I'm gay I don't
know anymore he moved out so I don't see
him kind of way there's something random
will you be doing any more vlogs on your
second channel so normally I put vlogs
on this channel and my second channel is
just your random games but recently I
started to kind of mix it up what I
basically want to do is have my second
channel as random games / vlogs my main
channel to be more Q&A s-some vlogs you
know they related to football or
something that's not just daily vlogs
whereas on the second channel I want it
to be you know I want you all want to
see what we do all day apart from edits
so if I vlog there it will be on my
second channel you can check it out in
the description recently a few of us
went to Ikea you can check it out now
thanks for learning stopping here but
yeah that's just like an example of what
I'm gonna start doing on my second
channel as well as other games plus I'll
do football vlogs and the more produced
videos on here reenact a scene from any
film usage antlered fat urban sirs you
startled you stole the
hi precious if you didn't get that it
was Lord of the Rings it's just the only
impression I can do have you ever
thought about what life of the potato is
like life as a potato huh no no no why
why would I are there gonna be more real
life football videos yes yes yes yes
this is getting weird
100% more football videos I've actually
organized to go play football soon with
the rest of the guys and those videos
there may be one I'm not going to say a
date this time but hopefully next week I
want it to be a thing because football
is so important to me and that sounds
cheesy but because you like it so much I
want it to become almost like a weekly
thing whether it's funny whether it's
skills now obviously I'm not gonna be
able to keep it out a weekly thing
because of weather or things I do but I
don't want it to be five months between
football videos like it is right now now
if you haven't seen my last football
video I'm sorry to do another cutaway
but this is what we did
now I know a lot of you enjoyed that
kind of style and if you want me to do
that or whether you want me to do
funnier videos let me know in the
comments I can do both that's all for
today thank you guys for watching though
I'm sorry that weren't as many cutaways
as normal but the next Q&A I do I I know
I say this every single time but it will
be with JJ but yeah that's all for today
so thank you guys for watching and sure
three feet white window culture used to
celebrate life now you need a little bit
a lot to make for the night
truck I see a man get
my eyes tell us of the hood back then
the rates of crisis night war history
Mashti no Jean those are good time no
see he take the music in acute for River
I've got to get
