before we get into the video of you guys
want in the ultimate team cause she got
one fever calm in the description use
many five-year 5% discount enjoy the
video welcome to a new series / League
thing that we are doing me Zuko caprese
ksi and bazinga have all decided to
start a mini league in which we will
play two other twice with an all silver
team plus one team of the year
now this pivotal year was decided
through a draw which I'm now going to
show you so this player is basically the
player that I am gonna have as my team
of the year
ladies and gentlemen welcome to this is
the trolleys and gentlemen for Royal
Rumble and we will start off with your
boy kids are the gwg I have the Hat
right here we have six players waiting
to be feasted on so let's start off with
the shaky lay down we have Ethan and
Simon laughs ladies and gentlemen the
moment of truth a moment of truth who's
gonna get Cruz no one's Cruz he's not
the best planet I know already buddy
this is Simon Bowl it's me good luck
mini renter no I was wishing key fish
they so when I get cruise the shaky is
the cause you don't get cheeky bitch
yeah I'm gonna get cruise cuz of it
measure it seven yes yes
Alex yes so now you know who I've got if
you want to see who everyone else has
got check out their videos the links are
in the description but this is the team
I am using I built it around crews here
it is obviously it has to be a Saltine
here's how the league works every goal
you score you get to upgrade one player
so if I play zurka I lose 4-1 I upgrade
one he upgrades for the upgrades go from
silver gold in form legend obviously I
have chosen a BBVA team I should have
mixed in some Germans probably but that
will come later when I get golds then
there's honestly the league section
which you know
three points draw one that's that's a
lot is you know that but yeah this is my
team you know I chose basically I chose
pace yeah you've now seen my team I'm
gonna play a game now to test them out
then in the next few days hopefully
we'll start the league I want to know
who you guys think is gonna win so let
me know in the comments okay so I was
out of silver squad he has a all gold
vpl team with DeMaria very hot right and
I it's good it's good it's a test that's
what I want I want to test my squad I
let's go go Wellington to her boy Luther
pace the place o always done two of them
no he got tackled again you pass it you
pass okay
ah ticket ticket bird always being them
oh my god yeah i'ma win this league I
don't even care okay where's the main
man wait there is Gore Cruz Gore Cruz
gross gross oh don't know Cruz Christ so
what do you say it loses the playmaker
you know Cruces the man look at it
look where are you gross I went back to
group oh oh oh oh one how is he getting
tackled he's my best player
oh one big tackle big Tucker oh no like
that like that that's why that's a boss
oh my god what for what what's the give
him no Cruz Christ whatever the fuck
your name is Jim Bob let's see how could
you want forget account 40 yards out
this is a bit ridiculous let's just
let's just go for it let's go whoa oh
all right let's get rid of this
no no obviously the other guys aren't
gonna have a player like Vincent Kompany
to win headers but worrying signs what
I'm basically hoping is I will never
have to be in this position for me to be
in this position would mean someone has
literally scored about what 11 goals
without me scoring one like okay go on
go on go on
you're on performer oh no boom I don't
know if he's left the right foot I
compliment oh oh
left foot test left foot okay his left
foot I've decided his left foot
oho okay buffoonish pace is literally
starting to trouble finesse and goal
done Vanessa's work it play play gwaan
cool Wellington Guam ate the fuck the
way I see this league working basically
is none of them will have a team this
good
but what really Rick whatever anyway
none of them will have a team disc good
but I reckon everyone in the league is
better than this guy haha silver you
freaking serious silver we're gonna have
troubles maybe you're gonna be putting
up injured every time you get a shot
gonna play play play there you go there
you go over alumna but Alana what is
going on with this team before my
Oh God for one complete fit you know
he's the man to watch for this league Oh
wide right why do I really you you
actually oh my god he sweated it so if
this was a game in the league I'd be
able to upgrade four players two golds
I'm hoping you guys understand it but
over the next few days and next one over
the next week really we never bring out
the games hopefully you guys will enjoy
the league that's all for today thank
ice watching and see oh it's done - Adam
is that - it sounds another oh oh
whoever wrote that comment you are a
genius
play play quad Guan he's made a mistake
oh I did not mean to do that I actually
meant to shoot come on man just just let
me just let me play let me play some
foosball let me play okay wait
