what's up guys are welcome to hear your
Altima team I haven't done one of these
in so long because the team of the year
but that is pretty much done now I'm
back with an Ultimate Team episode and
today the comment that one it was this
so boom boom boom one eternity later
boom boom boom which means I've got this
team wait there was one wait okay okay
wait oh now I have two teams I will
never be tight while the players won't
be tired I will get tired in like four
hours but before I get into any games if
you guys wondering the odds with
jingoistic are onesie for calm in the
description use many value at five cent
discount something you guys who I get
next in these teams at the top comment
will be the one I jet I playing a game
with this team I'm in Division six I'm
doing all right you know I won my first
game time to women up okay let's see
what you got let's see where you got
whatever see you got a Brazilian team
that's all right it's not nothing
nothing great you know five in midfield
ah does me why but for some reason today
you know I'm feeling really really
confident see look good rod oh you
already away made you are already away
boom
Wow Wow okay really okay you know what
Qudrat oh just whip one ends get gold
just get just how the fuck did you got
school run cuadrado run
oh is that to Adam is that - it sounds
another Oh rather wrote that comment you
are a genius
play play gone gone he's made a mistake
oh I did not mean to do that I actually
meant to shoot come on man just just let
me just let me play let me play some
foosball let me play okay where you
going where you going
oh oh okay no no get that way you're
going where you're going will you're
good look ref that is a red that's a red
it's that I sign Jovie neo javi Neos up
master MA oh oh oh it was easy for
whoever suggested juvie neo is not
the genius okay but a Barbeau Abajo is
hepato is the freakin genius I told you
this team plus me in a good mood equals
win oh my god oh my god I'm so sorry I'm
so sorry I'm so sorry I know exactly
what happened as well I know that it
changed it didn't kick it immediately
I'm sorry I don't know why I just really
want this guy to quit I just I just
don't want to play him anymore
what the hell what the hell okay no come
on come on keep on keep on I really
don't want to concede please don't be
some mastermind at free-kicks please
please okay that was pretty close okay
he's got a little bit of pressure now
you know a corner but what you're gonna
do we're gonna do we didn't do we gonna
do mate I just got my big Cheerilee knee
head in the way let's go counter okay he
is starting I'm not I'm not gonna lie
it's time to put a little bit pressure
on but it doesn't do anything with it he
just stands in the corner doing bull
rolls go go go go go go go go go go a
bus move on you saw that ball I couldn't
for now why am i complaining I'm winning
three nil okay the Volvo but uh oh wow
how am I not winning this by more than
like seven goals look look ready now
fuck it I'm scoring fuck it okay you
know what mertens
you're a man you're the man for the job
buttons oh oh the dummy good dummy oh
hello
oh boo go go go Oh literally like I'm
just I'm just running that's all I'm
doing
is he gonna bring the keeper out he's
not okay I'll pass it back there you go
mate and butter Oh will it leave yeah
come on that's it that's game there it
is there it is six Neil could have been
about 44 but the team you know what that
team is
Division six is going pretty well you
know to get already played two games but
I've got two wins one more win and I'm
pretty much staying in the division of
this but then Vidal gets injured and I
have to change teams fantastic
so my BPL team is now playing against
this BPL team which is basically the
same just a little bit better but what
have I always said it's not about the
team it's about the player and I am in a
good mood
ah I was in a good mood well plan plan
plan bench a game it's okay look last
time oh but decade at finish I told you
good mood good mood okay plate okay
that's nice that's nice playing far side
far side and wait wait oh wait wait wait
wait wait Bob go please please cannot no
he's gonna score no oh
Sturridge passing wait wait pass again
pass back pass ah God I was I genuinely
believed that was in ah
Debussy play boom ah no no wait
God please no no no please Debussy
you have to how will you mister go from
there Morales Morales is away yeah he is
yeah he is yeah yeah he is
yep no this there's something wrong with
this game right now no no no no okay
there's the open goal please there's the
goal thank you okay I've broken the
curse and before you start calling me
sweaty you know I'm trying to get to the
vision what go scuttle play boom there
we go I'm away I'm away I am freakin
away been turkey friends okay ah oh
oh wow look mister what the why are you
that I genuinely thought he was trolling
I thought there's no way cut it's gonna
bring his keeper out for is there the
matter okay I'm promising you a goal
from this okay ready what the when I you
know it could be either way a goal good
the either way and in a way didn't pass
please no no I promise you a goal there
it is that's the game that is the game
five one six Neal today is a good day
so three wins out three in Division six
I need one more point standard division
that's all for today let me know who you
want me to buy I have sixty three
thousand coins thank you guys watching
and see up live with so many fifty game
ah yes yes hola yes oh my good the
facial expression was the weirdest thing
I've ever done in my life so I need more
bug I hate that fucking dickhead Please
Please Please Please Please Please
Please everything look like a fuckin
Road and they stop it's all good just
one
