what's up guys welcome to another pack
opening now I'm sorry that I've done so
many of these but basically there's been
the lightning round
I had to open and had to get blues you
guys need any also the team goes to got
one fever calm in the description
usually five-year-plan cent discount I
think right now are about to be a
hundred k-pax I'm about to find out in
about 30 seconds so here we go right so
I released the video yesterday where I
opened some 50k packs and now there's a
hundred game pack there we go frickin
hundred key oh my god why this why the
issues why are the issues come up I won
a few inches legal please give me just
over this back oh my god
why is it opening well because they're
all gonna go I know there's 75,000 of
them but seriously what the fuck right
now I'm leaving all the team and now I
can't even get all tones of a team I'm
back in the store please please oh I
just do it buh-buh-buh go no no no I'm
missing a pack I'm missing a pack why
does it say jumbo rebel a silver upgrade
pack oh I actually have a back at the
innovation whoa whoa wait wait wait oh
my gosh let's do it again
who aren't sewn in for Rufio really come
on good please please please wait I've
got the old voila
Wow please please are you gonna give me
shit this is the one I can feel it this
is the one this this Ã¼nzile anime
should come on please can I just have a
balloon so I can stop with this shit
fuck off company
I've actually over quite a lot of these
tanks now I just need
good boys 100k packs I'm blue da ba dee
da ba die da ba dee da ba die da ba dee
da ba one stagger an animation please I
wanted to jump back but he wasn't blue
but I'm actually really having to die oh
no doesn't look like it
I'm so happy one full of wonderful exam
page that take that day anyone at the
end that don't say no no no no no no no
no no no no no Mascherano piss off one
blew in full cry you mad the pipes are
working completely fine now will I need
a dynamite vodka river two in a row I
don't know how many passes I didn't take
notice
come on no I am in a loop I am in a
fucking loop three in four corners in a
row are you freaking mad everyone else
is getting such good players meanwhile
I'm seeing here with okay Oh herro is
okay that's thick and I know you're
thinking oh my god Simon how can you be
sending the shit when you're getting
those players I've opened so many I have
definitely made a loss and Tufte isn't
gonna bring it back isn't so many 50 ah
yes yes hola yes
oh my good the facial expression was the
weirdest thing I've ever done in my life
so learn inform ugh I hate that fucking
dickhead Please Please Please Please
Please Please Please even a ribbon over
bloody a fucking Road and they stop it's
all good
one blue or one more legend and I'm
happy please but okay I've already got
Rodriguez once right i'ma try the silent
pact okay if I'm just going to stay
silent even if I get someone I'm gonna
stay silent everyone's out I lied I'm in
for Oscar I will happily take I know
he's only like 70 K or something but
he's one of the good informs yes yes yes
yes loosey goosey yes come on
oh okay it just takes the piss Oh place
to piss everyone that means I'm right no
it's no it's no no no yes yes Renato yes
I don't even care about the rest of
these packs I literally couldn't give a
shit okay and from current he's really
mocking me you know yes yes wait where's
he gone uh-huh uh-huh I gotcha I gotcha
I gotcha gotcha gotcha
come on one more one more blue one Oh
I think has it oh my days two legends of
Ronaldo Bale 1x please something I can't
inform this goal do i Idaho get Bob to
inform that avail in walk back
