what's up guys and welcome to a pack
opening the lightning rounds are out is
literally about starting about 30
seconds if activity now you guys one
wants to try these packs a later on
check out one for you go calm in the
description easily five-year five cent
discount right now I am literally just
waiting for these fork impacts to come
out where are they are they okay let's
go come on come on 50k packs please I
need there's every team of the year is
out right now 50k packs first who woulda
guessed and Cavani sick absolutely sick
Cavani is absolutely shocking
oh this is actually ridiculous oh my god
oh my god this EK pikes come on please
skip no nothing
okay no no no gate move on I want to
watch the animation but I can't sit
through it I don't have time so skip no
I'm okay I was like lose just give me a
blue so I can stop come o company you
know and I can hear JJ just gotta boom
that is absolutely fantastic for me
because I'm not getting anything set
freakin Martinez please can I have a
blue I can hear JJ celebrating
I need a freakin blue nobody go you
leave she all I can hear is and I
missing here dang freaking Lewandowski I
will say please can I just have one blue
god I've already got one this week but I
what I want another one this is going to
be lightning round so I'm gonna be so
hyped by can't get hiked when all I
can't fuckin okay okay okay let's go is
go in for miss go in for Oscar Sanchez
as well are the only informs that I care
about anyone else can piss off unless is
a blue no come on please please have a
blue no I'm getting okay I'm getting
some decent players actually though like
freaking company and ma'juj in a pace
still decently I'm wearing blue for the
blue packs to get a blue player leave
no he's good but he's another one I won
I actually think I'm gonna cry if I
don't get one
I'm literally oh I'm opening so many
packs I'm opening so many and I'm just
getting Royce there are so many and I
can't freaking find anything this is a
freaking blue ready for it and no I know
boa takes goods and I know frigging
Oliver's good but it's not blue my best
player 50k okay inform Oscar from Oscar
I will take that okay that one I have a
little bit excited about that I work
done in this life or previous life to
deserve this topic okay Oscar again
asked I can take you know these Oscars I
don't know how much they're worth
actually I'm gonna have a look so I am
only just making about two packs back
that's cool much I can't get anything
shrine Steiger an 88 and yet he's still
not blue how the fuck am I gonna open
this many packs and just get nothing
except like schweinsteiger you know now
bark final pack I'm leaving the room
really master Oh No I've like gathered
as many points and coins they can to
only fuckin get busquets
onboard ordering what he will gain and
they have just got so much better than
me I caught ya anything that matter why
are you mocking me why you laughing that
was one of the only informs I didn't
have to know what to do I'm curled up in
a ball on the floor right now so happy
you can't see me
Joby's not worth anything
don't that's the only other inform I
just have I'm sorry to say it guys this
video is just not gonna have a team of
the year I can't fucking get one there's
nothing I can do to change this I mean I
am I am kind of expecting to to shock
you guys and suddenly a team of the year
like oh my fucking god really
I'm waiting for that moment where I can
just prove everyone wrong and just know
suddenly be like drop the music what
what what but just right now all I can
freaking jet is absolute shit fuck these
packs adventure experience of my life
I'm just trying to go through as quick
as I can to try and find a freaking blue
why is that just use a Foley go back
over look at the cows well through the
crus boys wherever you wanna call it
Michael :
Jim Bob if I want to oh my god I have
spent so long the lightning rounds
didn't even help I have him back you
know what I actually my tree wage a cow
for that if you want me to let me know
in the comments finally got a blue
player woman what bad news worth so much
more than Mikey and he's on Team of the
Year tonight season Timmy it's night Wow
