right guys what's up and welcome to a
pack opening again I mixed up yesterday
by doing a pink slip against how frizzy
for Team of the Year Cruz and Iniesta oh
wow and now I'm opening more packs
trying to find those again plus B Maria
let's see if I can find the knee now if
you guys want any coins to try this
yourself check out what Vito calm in the
description usually five-year five cent
discount I have open that so many
freaking packs that I'm just I can't I
just can't be bothered for any more shit
admittedly these players you know this
is actually a good team in a week you
know you got disco Oscar Sanchez so we
are opening these 15k packs so I need to
get a balloon please EA
can I have I've already found one this
year so no Tom Huddleston
yeah no coins that's really what one I
mean I am it's not like I'm just gonna
go buy more packs everything come on
give me a blue and there's only early
doors but I want a freaking but oh we
shit an in-form can't complain oh no I
can he shit yeah and he's in a great
league as well cool that's cool no I'm
not gonna complain about that okay come
on
next I move on from that horrendous in
40 still in inform it's still toxic oh
you want to throw in a wrapper in a dow
as well these eyeballs will sleep in
table tennis da please I haven't had
someone so long please Oh bout to get
excited ease is freezin in form I can't
complain I mean Joaquin lookin average
and runnin runnin and runnin runnin and
runnin runnin and runnin runnin for Oh
numero tres of the in horns I should be
happy but so many team of the weeks but
no blue card
I just keep again a freaking black and
it's this dickhead again oh my god
Nadi's a sick names look at them I can
pronounce every single one of them hello
Dabba
dee da ba die da ba dee da ba die da ba
dee da ba really another one of the body
horn I think I'm changing this to
instead of collecting some of the years
I'm just gonna try and get every team of
the week oh my god bad although I went
in a blue card not a frickin green card
like Shrek I know I said I want to
collect team of the week's but I want a
team of the record live in a week
Chelsea as well this guy has like 11
pace I just don't know what's making
this I want to make some form of joke to
do with dream but I don't want the stoop
to that level I don't ever want to use
the word ream blue daddy never die and
remedy Darren I never need a Medina be
oh my fucking god
no no I wanted Joaquin again I wanted
him you know he goes so much why not
game again I want all the bad influence
you know I don't want a good one why I
wanted one why would I want a freakin
blue literally I know what I'm
complaining about team of the weeks but
if I get a good one I won't mind and
okay okay that that kind of prove me
wrong I call good inform Rufio eighty
full rate you didn't form is good I
can't I can't good mind about one but if
I get wacky new bird again I can't
complain where's your neck where is your
neck wet who's usually like this like I
think we need to start a campaign to get
hitters roses neck come on give me a
good team in a week or it's even a
season is this one
I mean I have got like five inform so
far foul cow
Rooney I can't really oh shit does bro
fuck me in the fucking nose finally a
good team of the week on I'm in a good
mood now I've got Aska I got in for
already for the ditch yo I'm getting all
of the good okay no he's still pretty
slow and bad okay I have to get some of
the bad influence in Herrera Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba
lalala
inform is skull that is the other good
one not all I needed Sanchez and I am
done except for some blues the blues the
ones are actually one make make make
make make make make make make the Grouch
oh for fucks just have a player that is
good such as this such as the father son
noise oh just made bro look at his stats
they are sick he's going into a team I
haven't got a team of the year but I can
safely say I've got so many informs I
don't think I even care and now I get a
grave
oh he's a class player and I know he
goes for a little beer like a hundred K
a little bit more than a hundred K you
know what ag√ºero Falcao Rooney like ten
informs I'm ending it on that with
another fucking baby's worth so much
more than Y key and he's on Team of the
Year tonight he's in Timothy tonight Wow
and just to end it all there's stupid
wacky I think too many of the same
stupid inform I did not think I could
complain about getting importance you
know what I can't to look at these
pieces of poo ei please can there be a
blue card in this pack
please I want to turn around and see a
blue oh my god I turned around and I
literally just thought now there's
nothing there there's no blue there's no
black
