right guys also welcome to something
that I haven't done in a long long long
long long long long long long long long
long long time I am doing a wager slash
pink slip you guys always argue which is
so I'm just gonna say both I plan
against Cal freezy I'm putting up this
beautiful card the team of the year
clues I know I said it wrong he is
putting up Team of the Year
Iniesta no double or nothing I'm saying
this right now there's no double or
nothing yeah this rest of my team look
at this look at this I got ran out our
pack flap Ronaldo I've got team of the
Year cruise but right now I'm a go play
cow i'ma win i'ma get coins I might open
two packs tomorrow and find a new team
of the year but before I get in a game
if you guys wanting the ultimate team
loans to buy any packs check out one
fifa.com in the description usefully
five-year 5% discount daisies in nes dom
using cruise obviously we both can end
up with DVD 80s question is does he have
ran out he does not exactly oh my god
his team's actually put him oh my god in
Stevensville MI Messi Suarez Bale Neymar
what the fuck his weak link
Khedira I'm just targeting him I here we
go here we go no I know exactly what
you're doing piss off how is he just how
does he run through how does he do it no
pull my teeth right give the ball to big
run give the ball to big bro okay that's
fine that's fine turn out Ref all right
hammers hammers hammers high there's
breath okay Benzema bedrock whoop oh
what's going on
take a limb gonna miss humus Bob corner
I will take a corner because I can score
with blown-out dark roost this better be
a good whip you have frickin team of the
year if that gets caught by the
goalkeeper you're out yeah Bob oh gone
run come on come on
oh stop the mutts Bella is Ronaldo one
shot two chops somehow he finishes oh my
goodness get Ronaldo shit shit shit
yes yes no oh good this is the S vs team
of the year and yes please just on that
I don't understand how he's got that
what the fuck we're a mighty no no no
Suarez sit no how is that bow I know
what he's doing
jump yes yes yes Garrett
fuck off Khedira no where is this where
is an attack coming bro okay
No are you serious you serious with that
what does I like really like play play
play play a bum Ola Salo what the fuck
are you doing dude pretty much the whole
freaking gold to shoot up and you miss
puss monster pinball oh oh then ref give
me breath give me give me some please no
no
no no no no stay back Iniesta please oh
my god really you just passed it to him
how was it just I don't understand how
he's doing this he actually is just
running through me piss off piss off
please please run Benzema oh my god
halftime halftime and I can't even deny
it somehow he's just demolished me look
at these stats then you go remember
right is he had three shots for his goal
for one of his goals he had three shots
on-target
come on Rodriguez please please please
please
no are you spry the fuck would you go
there there was some right next to you
how the fuck just do not give up what is
going on this is so slow this is so slow
would we get so high I am literally just
like holding on to anything I can get
right now please please can I just just
saw say all who would have expected
colors failure to just win a header oh
my god c'mon momentum momentum change
now another corner I will happily take
another goal from a corner no wait wait
crowd ohh who even up I don't even know
who that was okay I'll take another
corner come on
corners are somehow doing me well come
on come on come on shorty Alba right
foot poke oh my god cow just get off my
wing man I ain't a chicken why are you
playing on my wing you're fucking up oh
I thought I was abusing fucking Ronaldo
and he is just there sucking off bail no
pissah I told him Cody Ria's is doubtful
oh my god he's a little dickhead he is
such a prick I hate oh my god I actually
hate this dick hey Wow I saved it fuck
whore for fuck's sake nah nah this is
bullshit this is absolute bullshit nah I
can't lose for that I'm pretty sir and
right now he's gone on to defensive
please please no no take that boom no
leaves your side you joking I've got a
go all-out attack I have no choice I've
freaking lost otherwise
no no no Suarez Suarez no Suarez hey
Ronaldo Ronaldo please
it's giving me a shot please
please no come on no don't do this okay
run run run run although pistol how is
renowned I'm not scoring that oh my God
my keepers up as well this could be this
to be make or break let's make use yours
just travels
oh shit cow suck your self cow no no no
oh my God he's discord oh my god oh my
god I'm gonna oh my god
I can't believe it I can't actually no
he literally didn't do anything what the
fuck how is she just gonna run through
me and now it's gonna be full time isn't
it yep ready ready wait there it is
nah cow you're a little bitch boy you
know that you're a little bitch which
means I now have to sell my cruise get
the coins and send them over to cow
anyways that is that's bullshit but
that's what you get that's what I don't
wager that much cow I'm gonna send you
your coins now well played the freezie
man he deserves it so thank you guys for
watching and yeah
see you and see a blue light now my cat
yes there's the second domogil outro
alright good Oh lose the Bell one as
well oh my god
I turned around and I literally just
thought now there's nothing there
there's no blue there's no blow my god
now welcome to my club just to make it
that much better ok I have another
account where I'm opening the 35k packs
come on I'm just gonna
