what's going on guys and welcome to a
nother pack opening now I'm sorry that
I'm kind of flooding you with pack
openings obviously team of the year is
out I need to get a few I've already got
a couple good players so far not saying
who but if you want to find out who go
check my last couple of pack openings
and there's five 35k packs 250k packs
I'm opening all of them on multiple
accounts now if you want to try this
unique coins check out one fifa.com in
the description use when you file you
get five cent discount Day 5k pack here
we go first one but are you ready for
this first pack here we go come on
please xxx fuck it I'm not skipping I'm
not I'm not I refuse to skip now I get
good okay now I'm skipping the next one
let's just pretend that didn't happen
and that this is now the pack this is
the first packet for Deji first pack
Tenchi first ah well I make it in my HD
gamer in a pack I mean I know there's a
lot of people opening them right now but
skip and I moved the savefile k-pax are
just you know they kind of just get them
out the way the 50k packs are the ones
where it's at these are just a lump it's
off you know how much I hate fish why
are you giving me salmon okay you know
this is the last one this is the last
day 5k right just gamoray I'm skipping
it skip it just get lost piss up come on
let me skip it
piss off there you go but now we have to
50k packs here we go come on please I
beg you
EA please please really I don't want him
I want Ramos star is absolutely shocking
TK for this piece of shit we're going
for one more I'm not looking I'm not
looking I'm not looking I refuse to look
at these pieces of poo ei please can
there be a blue card in this pack please
I want to turn around and see a blue
light
second domogil Audra all right go lose
the Bell one as well oh my god I turned
around and I literally just thought now
there's nothing there there's no blue
there's no blah my god now welcome to my
club just to make it that much better
okay I have another account where I'm
opening the 35k packs come on I'm just
gonna say 5k packs were absolutely
terrible so I'm just going to skip
through these probably get no one like
Pirlo you know that's just double check
just double check there's no one there I
get that troll the troll you mad he is
going to be Team of the Year tomorrow
I've actually I'm actually I'm actually
losing my voice but what the fuck what
do I just I didn't get anything looks
like you have some items to deal with
okay what okay that's a new way of
opening a practice all right so we've
got a 50k packs now this is the one
where I got a legend on mother account
please know I have to do the same I have
to do the same go down here please ea
please can I see a blue card in my
freaking pack please wait I don't know
vermeil's until now what the what what
okay so this is mucking up you know what
I'm just going to try and open this and
a hope that it actually works
nope still not no cool cool legit I just
can't buy players i buy a pack look what
happens I buy back and there we go
I have players to deal with apparently
okay let me see what I got that's 150
that's not my 50k back surely but it's
that's what it's go back two hours later
now nothing nice so shit no
what makes you like 3/8 4/8
I got nothing sits the legend that's it
oh please please grab a blue just come
on there's another one another freaking
ledger two in one day
I mean it's our two legends in one day
I'm older as well I want to say that he
is a good letter I don't know my luck
has been so good oh my god okay continue
oh it's better continue new packs are
out of six less you happens really not
today anyway
I packed two we're gonna get someone I
can feel this I can feel it in my bones
boom I'm a voice that's so high just
then what voice there we go first good
player of the day
and
