welcome to our new sponsor than a 10
year older I am going to be facing ten
questions testing if I am smarter than a
10 year old with a slight punishment if
I get one wrong
Josh is gonna be standing behind me
ready to do this it's the same as the TV
show so there are like areas like
history citizenship and that law I am
just gonna go through the questions give
me the options for the answers if I get
it wrong he's not gonna tell me he's
just gonna hit me with that I'll say
it's tight around mister you face that
way well I thought I was gonna just tie
like this and you'll be like okay are
you ready
question one page six eight six history
h6 history again what was the name of
the first dog in space the first Wooper
beef like RMB Darla or lucky by the six
or nine this question it's not lucky
it's not like super lucky that's two of
this lucky is like we did this just
before this trust the earth question to
age eight citizenship which of these is
not a rank in the police force sergeant
but is inspector constable or colonel
the final one was colonel that's not in
the police that's the army by the other
woman's you know I was kind of like I
think I am sure I think Colonel Casey
isn't sure yeah
yes okay again I should be silent I'm
going to tell the time
age ten science I'm screwed I'm just
waiting for maths if there's maths that
should be good
Hallie's comment with names out the
surname of an English astronomer but
what was his first name Michael George
William Isaac what Edmund okay Michael
isn't this doesn't answer
there was a girl the kid of the year
above me who will holly was in the front
I think so
I had either eyes Isaac gives us pretty
scientific now you know Kerala that was
the other one quiz Edmund is pointless
right I just I see you're very deflated
I like a little bit I'm actually so just
what is the name is the small fungus
that is used to make bread rise yes
question five by h9r in Christianity
what are the Father the Son and the Holy
Ghost the Trinity known as holy tinsel
holy trinity holy triangle I'm gay I'm
banging this Bank seven nine eight
okay quick the Seven Sisters which of
these have not contained fat meats
crisps apples or cooking oil there's not
carrying that meat crisp apples to
apples quiz is stupid
sure all right yeah it's very easy age
nine jog Rafi okay and you'll get this
as well on which coast of Britain when
you found Blackpool your eyes
we're south east on blackboard the big
one Pepsi Max East Coast okay I think
I'll take it as your first time either
no zero not even turn around oh it's
West where is it come on breathe
all right and you count free right no
I'll give you count on shit yeah no no
no nasty questions yeah you know ten
seconds ten seconds five seconds was it
like you can't stop ringing each one I
said like you read it I'll finish
reading all right 85 bucks
gross cats four cats three dogs living
bitch how many pets are together 18 that
was burning up you can think of my
assignments I'm screwed
it was his idea I was involved in the
video idea process
don't you so that is all for ice smarter
than attention oh yeah I did tell them
anyway it's basil with the day thank you
guys for watching make sure you
subscribe to josh down in the scriptures
and thank you guys for watching it
really well I'm just happy that was
almost in the same place and shitty time
I hate guys like come to the Tully hit
me on the phone you could run to the
Sally just walk down why they looking at
meetup girl you Devon could we lay like
free dough I got my jacket for you if
you attack home swag hope I can tell I
can tap Oh first time I seen I miss you
ever
