records what's up and welcome to another
pack opening team of the year is out
yesterday I got probably the best player
I've got enough definitely the best
player I've ever got on FIFA 15 you
haven't seen that go check it out but
today I'm going for the five team of the
year players that are out Noah
Ramos LOM Silva and Louise for some
reason now before I start you guys
wanting the ultimate team wants to try
and open packs and get one yourself
check out one fever calm in the
description use belief I've to get five
set discount
let's get on with the packs ah here we
go come on
first pack you know what I'm not gonna
waste time I'm just gonna skip to this I
need to get through a lot of these so
we're going to skip and anyone any
anyone really really not gay anyway I
packed two we're gonna get someone I can
feel this I can feel it in my bones
boom I'm a voice that's so high just
then what rights there we go first good
play of the day
and skip oh these shit
come on the skip packs are working today
I can tell you that much
how do I get that many players but not
get anyone good Pirlo is the best player
come on give me a play up better than
that shitty inform this is not nope ah
come on and you need a good player skip
furnace guy tan I actually got him
yesterday but my footage corrupted if
you haven't seen that video and yeah I
know that sounds like a lie
welcome too much what alright next pack
come on come on come on hazard come on
come on please in the Garden of Eden
solely for go to make this is going well
yep spoke too soon ponts tell you what
it hazard that's what it hazard is the
lucky player because every time I open a
debate I get an f-bomb juice so it's
like what that's what start 13 forum
I've never done that way I've lived in
LA but clichy there we go give me some
more yeah how's a little bit too literal
come on Egwene your money grind this is
going to well I can't stop please please
can I have a player but the hobby star
get play okay van persie is these 88
rated this decent and now you're pushing
it now you pushing it van persie now you
know what I'm not even gonna keep them I
haven't got a blue yet but is going
pretty well I've got like three informs
and now I get the O go cos stuff he
plays in blue that kind account and he's
worth a bit so I'll happily accept this
way Momo but it's not Momo FIFA still
looking for a blue though I don't want
to disappoint you guys I've got a good
play yesterday I need to get 100k guts
alright you know I believe sceptic Gert
sighs he's not amazing why he's not blue
as I just said I want a
King Zulu carplay f√†bregas okay oh oh
and Sanchez two in the Dhokla make the
Doppler
yeah like c8 thanks Belen mate Thanks
thank you come on I need I got up Playa
please can I just have a fucking good
hack for what oh my god really okay this
is I mean I'm getting good players but
they're just not that great I mean I
could definitely get better
hence get a blue a team of the year is
blue Ferrari actually is it blue for
region without just kind of a weird time
oh just just just still go silver so
happy estaba Louise oh shit na thus mad
oh I said it yes but I'm saying it again
I'm done I'm so done with this video
come on come on come on give me a blue
blue balls they get why the fuck do I
get him now though not in like four days
yeah how am i complaining about getting
Ronaldo I'm a dickhead no I'm done done
that's my that's not the video done
