right guys I'm basically this video
right now this tiny little segment is
actually recorded way after all my packs
basically I recorded everything my
harddrive corrupted I managed to save it
through Xbox record thing I've managed
to put together that I saved the best
pack so you'll see why caught i've also
recorded some other packs as well to try
and you know make it better and longer
but yeah if it is a very short pack
opening i'm sorry but that's basically
why hopefully the players i caught will
make up for it yeah
enjoy the video what's up guys and
welcome to a pack opening now of course
I'm doing a pack opening a team of the
year is out well I say to mini I mean
the defenders and goalkeeper but that's
still decent enough if I get one of them
the roof is gonna buy that what there's
a phrase that's something like that if
you guys want any coins to try opening
these packs and getting a team of the
year player check out Wafi for calm in
the description use 55 get 5 cent
discount 15k packs here we go beau blue
I love freaking packs especially these
15k packs the ones are so sick yeah van
of each amount of it she plays for the
Blues he's technically the team of the
year come on he's wearing blue he's
rambling that's a suck if this works if
he if he if that maybe maybe I think
I've decided they're not in these packs
I'm pretty certain they're not in these
packs at all if 15k pays 25k bison I am
ei at rollin I'm getting look I got my
grandad and weed wears come on just give
me one just one likkle glue one likkle
written stop giving me players that play
in blue and
azad eden hazard we're however you say
it okay cut so a six rated let's go keep
going not I'm not doing this anymore
here's my last fat Oh company ok my Lots
picking up but company okay I'll take
company not because I'm lonely
okay now you know what I can't complain
I've got a lot of good players I'm happy
with what I've got anything else okay no
fucking
yeah I just go boys a sick fucking
Royston Santa's insane man I mean nanny
storage and the lead spray on one pack
up I can't complain I've got a lot of
good players oh fuck come on Egwene come
on no more blue team plays blue cod Oh
show me the funny
no oh goat in hi now all I need is a
flute and I'm done
oh you know what we're not looking
looking okay we just refused to look at
these packs anymore I don't get anyone
good until I'm I'm just I'm just go back
here come on come on come on give me a
blow blow they get why the fuck do I get
him now though not in like four days
yeah how am i complaining about getting
Ronaldo I'm a dickhead yeah I'm done
done that's my that's my video done yeah
and I had that recorded yeah and I also
have that recorded cool cool shame that
my bike you missed this is how far away
you are
this is how far this is how far to the
gold oh fuck listen up that's how far
the goal is this is my unit upper
Catwoman um
