what's up guys and welcome to your
ultimate team I told you last time that
I had a whopping 155 thousand coins and
asked you guys who actually it's a
manager and any other players comment
look at this team this team is almost
too good for this series you may have
actually given me something too good I
still have a hundred and twenty K so I
think I might have to build another team
in which case you guys need to let me
know in the comments what team to build
before we go into a game if you guys
want any Ultimate Team Coins check out
one fever calm in the description and
used in five you have five percenters
down now as I said division that seven
is mine for the taking one win that's it
and who is gonna be the unlucky person
to loose Panther squad with this team I
can beat this you want to see how easily
I can be this watch this you ready turn
to dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt and then
turn to turnin in an urn in it what
carlos vela you want to not do ana not
make doula wow that's actually myself oh
my god okay or not
uno or Braman ah Oh get back here get
back here you little shit
get back here you ain't score into debt
you ain't scoring today oh my god I'm
not gonna lie this guy is really good
okay I'd say no back we go on storage
God storage yes storage yes storage yes
storage yes storage just ah good effort
good effort okay I'm not really sure
what to do here so it is wiggler I'm
working out the angles there right there
and then you put curl on it and the
angles whoa
one do bushu get there okay come on come
on please
please what is Oh oh my what hold up I'm
so confused right now how that even
worked right somehow it's halftime and
since that first goal I honestly don't
know what he's doing he's literally he's
playing for a draw even though he's
losing look at the stats think I'm
boring that is come on as P as feet look
at him look at him look at him storming
and he gets tackled
no where you going mate I know you're
turning in yeah yeah I knew that's come
in and then come on please just he's
really installing me like that
now I see why this is so pouring look at
its defense up on the it like he's
losing and look at his defense doesn't
mad come on come on please please please
please please please just bleed no we're
taking there is nothing to do this is
the most boring game I've ever played in
my life I'm no idea what to do like just
guy just I think I'm pretty certain he's
on ultra defensive just based on how
many people he always has back come on
Blin Flint lay it off storage storage on
the Left why do I always saw my control
of these days not Harry I am one nil up
and yet somehow I just don't I'm not I'm
not happy
go on mate go on mate flaming okay that
still you've got a job here you got a
mission you got a mission boom breast
breast pump
I bought weight just does 90th minute
guys just Lau's are horrible horrible
goal go and look look how easy that is
that's all you have to do against this
guy I don't know why I haven't learnt
this sooner go on gourmet gourmet
gourmet open goal how you gonna miss
okay no no no I'm not happy now Graham
just just end the freakin yeah there we
go
thank you to nil division 7 done right
why waste time when I can just go
straight into Division six division 6
let's see what you got to offer me huh
all right all right
Oh sir strange team I guess we'll just
see how it goes I mean this is this is
unmarked territory for me okay this is
this is uh this is what division 6 is
gonna be about huh this is what there is
yep there it is Oh what why would you
not cross that as a flower wide turnout
turnout turnout boom yeah yeah yeah yeah
this is this is that this is good
this Oh Erikson come on Erikson get
better ball in that this farm corn
please that's good ball that's look
there we go thank you skirt oh I'm not
celebrating yet because this is division
six I have no idea if this is difficult
or not oh ho oh I play some nice focal
now never go for lob Simon play play
play Antonia no not that sharp there you
go there you go though there you go
benteke Oh Oh a mirror it's really just
don't go far fuck coursework fuck fuck
and that's why I didn't celebrate
come on Valencia come on I can do it
back I can do it back no apparently icon
really but that was actually love well
story okay Erikson this this would have
to be a wonder free kick Wow
I know you got it in you Erikson I know
you got it in you who is that wasn't a
bad effort he's still going for these
crosses I caught like it's not even
going but across is he's trying
Roulettes and rainbow flicks off the
bitch it's about to be halftime just
blow you with so I don't wanna let Golan
not now not now not now please please oh
my god
he fades feet like you know it's
halftime you know he's about to score if
he gets a chance and now I'm freaking
losing even though he's barely shooting
come on come on play play ah oh there it
is let's go disco let's go disco let's
got this guy let's go boom there it wow
really
hey flavor gone gone Sarge look pop he's
only gonna take an elite lads but I'm
not celebrating yet because you know it
could still come back
exactly what I'm talking about go ahead
what are you doing
gone gone plan but rest rest please
please post to storage finish please
smoke
- Spencer Cory now I can celebrate on
full - up koala can't let this slip have
quite a little bit of a chance he
Erickson one way yeah we yeah boom ah
does him does him oh oh oh no Eriksson
that hot cha okay got a bit of a
situation here we have a situation P
over situate our mic on please please
give it up yeah sorry there you go there
you go mate there ya go there ya go man
to a guy go
buy food done game over what the fuck
what the fuck what the fuck he just
dribbled literally in a straight line in
stock oh my god it just literally he
walked that is a solid win 5-3 it first
game in Division six there we go
so I need another 16 points to win the
title based on that game I can do this
that is division 6 this should be
alright I have 130,000 coins you need to
let me know who to get or what team to
build other than this team or how to
improve this thing whatever you want let
me know in the comments most liked
comment with when I choose say you guys
watching and see ya if you would have
done that right away out of crying go -
I cried oh my gosh
try it try it try it no no wait no what
corner place another corner come on no I
think oh well wait wait you got it all
the way back there oh no way wow oh
where is he going
I just need to start reading some out
there why have I no no oh man you're in
the bud
