right so I recorded a video with JJ
where we did a wager what shows is that
it's a shirt from the group you used to
be in yeah
so if you haven't seen that how about
when you can check it out on his channel
I'm guessing you've probably seen it by
now
the wager was for a hair dye so this is
this is my punishment I have to dye my
hair red you're loving this too much
yeah let's get on with it all right
first of all I have no idea one doing
and they have provided me one glove what
the fuck is six just paste that looks
like a period man without the head
something a pussy is that is not going
to be happy just doing what here we go
what just threw that left okay I'll say
sing for you try to save a child what
did you do for child we didn't stick my
hand up a ledge ticket written
everywhere what he was like a reject
woman singing he said like oh yeah way
for you to forego uses
blue and Charles move this is red and
few relevant you live red eventually
you're as lucky I have dark hair girl it
would alert first not even rent it what
the fuck fuck sake Jada
