to a dramatic intro where you have a
dream that you never did YouTube and you
have to go to school
ah school fuck
smack oh wait what I don't go to school
I'm not really sure about that one but
we'll continue what's up guys are
welcome to another Q&A I know I did
promise that the next one will be with
JJ but I have spoken to him and that
what will be coming out soon in the
meantime I asked you guys for some
questions on twitter using the hashtag
mini mentor 7
I know inventive fair got trending top
of the UK so thank you guys for that
let's get on with questions
how many wedges could wedge man wedge if
wedge man could wedge wedges this many
wedges Oh potato hoorah
oh shit do a dramatic standoff with one
of the side men
you want some
all right all right oh why does bazinga
have an invisible blue tick on Twitter
something you didn't know this okay but
if you look blue look at this okay if
you look really really close no I mean
really close really really closely on
Ethan's account you can actually see
nothing cuz he's not verified yet but
this is great banter I'm sorry that
everyone keeps asking the same question
he will be verified soon who is your
favorite female youtuber and why my
favorite female youtuber I'm gonna have
to go with fang-banger or Jessy as you
know why because she's my mom and she
would beat me if I Denzel do an over
dramatic scene from any movie with ksi
obi-wan never told you about your father
he tell me you kill them no Luke I am
your father no that's not true look at
yourself you know that not to be true
come up with a completely new game
concept of FIFA 16 welcome to the brand
new FIFA 16 trailer this game not only
teaches people how to get fit but also
how to maintain it and stretch well why
would we focus on gameplay when you can
learn to stretch like Benzema here
look how stretched ears work it Benzema
yeah not only that it will also teach
you how to dance to various tunes like
this one all you have to do is follow
the on-screen player and dance along
with them no matter what team you
support there's a stretch out there for
you so soon you'll be able to stretch
along with all your favourite players
FIFA 16 feel the stretch
how long can you put your fingers in
your mouth for um but this is this is
gonna look weird and I'm sorry but this
isn't vs. growls gross do a rap battle
with the air you don't weigh too much
but your fat is fuck and if you think
you're winning this then you're out of
luck you fill the room with your co2 and
then no it's just an act I can see to
you
let's just be clear I shed a tear I'm
the reason you stay disappeared while I
persevere stop guessing up your
confidence or i'mma take away your
oxygen and no one likes you cause you're
just a very toxic consequence you need
me to live who is your main Bay now do
you mean now I haven't change why would
I change Caitlyn is still there she is
still number one babe and if you guys
know me and Kat let's have a little
rivalry over Calum Russo you know but
one thing cow doesn't know was this cow
Kayla Russo follows me what yes she does
yes she does make a bit using as many
vine trends as you can whether you guys
didn't actually notice I use a lot of
vine trends throughout this video so I'm
gonna let you guys try and figure out
how many I did is no more than 10 but
they were constantly throughout video
you're gonna let me know how many there
are in the comments if any you get it
right them well done that sort of
questions done for today a lot of you
have been asking as well where you can
get these t-shirts from these ones are
coming out soon but at the moment there
are some other ones online you can check
out the store in the description also if
you guys didn't know we are going to
insomnia 54 we went to eye 53 and it was
insane this one's gonna be even bigger
even better so if any of you want to
check that out that is also in the
description if you give to me a lot you
there so yeah that should be a lot of
fun beer that's all for today so thank
you guys very much for watching and see
you oh oh wait is this is this one of
those games like crossing no no no no
what wait wait watched you did a shot
off no that was a good cross yes oh
handsome Oh Carlton
yeah you should peace oh my god wait oh
somehow somehow you have an attack again
no come on not I feel good no I just
