right guys ways up and welcome to
flashback FIFA flash back I say black my
back guys up that's not even racist icon
I can't say anyway we're playing fifa 11
and it yeah me versus Josh again before
we enter the aim of you guys wanting
else with teen boys to go on fifa.com in
the description use mini alright 5 your
bags that discount right so we are going
to be randomizing things okay so you get
you what you get three per level
yeah okay so you go fine wait do this
first you go just against three to make
up I get three yeah break it it's the
third one bird wait okay one two three
oh okay one two three one two three
Toronto Wow wait that she works for you
yeah three two one
are you serious if you're Canadian I'm
English
okay so somehow Toronto FC is playing
against England yes it's a friendly
that's never happened in a million years
now as right wow wow wow boof okay jelly
meat fuckin my movie I don't know okay
go okay a sidekick off glitch this game
I don't know oh god damn it
attacking changing this game yet you
know like there's a point are you just
hold a yes PA
well I'm holding a right now and it's
not working since I've been watching
super slut oh shit oh shit oh wow whoa
I'm dying to run to my England yeah I
love that back part yeah oh you're like
a long day
no no I don't want your sympathy I'm
getting free no not not save you I need
to sit
oh she hurt oh he said food really
but your honesty you're right
critic Alan Lloyd send it to a camel you
know even all over me no I don't know
you know even it does no no you know
what isn't alone a minute oh no no
complete run back with him around nice
one Oh Joe Hartley is head and shoulders
above the rest
oh my day no one's made that joke ever
ever no one actually to be fair your job
kind of fits in at the time this game it
does oh dear wasn't watching it to make
three year old Jokers
yes Moffat Rose don't say three old
jokes okay oh wait is this is this one
of those games are crossing no no no no
what wait wait what just you did a shot
off no that was a good cross yes Oh
Hausa Oh Carlton you should pace oh my
god wait Oh somehow somehow you have an
attack again no come on not I can't go
really good oh I just remembered was
really good huh you scored you can get
me be a bitch if I score I get able to
be a badge yet someone out there you
want so if you're Peter in your side
right now you and me a badge it is blue
let's see what it you got a magic place
Misha stuff up there okay you want an
actual Blue Peter badge not a peep blue
bad look just try it for me right no one
is gonna send me a bleep hit much I
thought my amazed or make a pun out of
it oh this is
this is it's fine I didn't even bring my
goalkeeper oh I know it's not my fault
Canada's vote Oh
what was that nothing nothing I'll just
being a seal I was there's one thing you
know about Canadian teams is that they
are second party everything the better
in second half they could fighting ha ha
ha I mean you know what Bruce bag please
Josh rip you showing up now cuz you're
the terrible you're showing off by
missing the goal yeah all aboard the
showboat yeah I feel like I don't know
so if you're gonna do something me what
what are you gonna do I'm gonna do feel
sorry for me
yeah like you're so terrible me you are
sitting along with the Johar up front
win really Bobby Zamora Ashley Young and
going gold is good diving hey Shay hey
banter but you do have to know lead
let's just say George want some goals as
well have just said is there anything I
can choose to store as your business
okay it's not Venus don't do this don't
do this don't do this someone miss so
stop stop you can never get this oh my
gosh let me just go blue school oh shit
No you've actually injured get what a
name to it
um moose madam a sick here we go the
speed Thema jdl coach John awaited me
someone who endorses there as well your
defendant ice but heaven oh no he's good
at having it like oh yeah take it
erotica and you even sign people that
sign is gonna come up yeah you know wish
I was a plane
my two years ago no it was wait
this is D for 11 more years ago ah I'm
not actually sure you know people
difference but are you serious yeah but
notice it I pass it to you
oh no chance for what a third goal and
what do you want nothing myself back to
school you got you've got five minutes
school I'm okay yeah what about Laura
what what how are you helping me but I'm
sorry I was holding down my and
independence till okay
you sucked off the raft come come really
really oh look at me mocking you
yeah that's right I'm mocking you yeah
yeah fucking mocking you mate I'm
watching you you made it better like it
- oh that was wrong that's just wrong
the reverse because realize you won
right yeah but oh we are both English so
you know you can both tell me other way
what's of all better take it as a win
yeah and a start this game you were both
English so I think what we learned there
is that no England compete Toronto and
we are letting there so we're both
winners here this is good we both came
out of Venice no change titling of that
okay it's good that we know it was good
we are both winners with one yeah have
you spin a little win here don't know we
also recorded another flashback people
on FIFA 10 World Cup on josh's channel
seek each other on the outside the
description on his channel anyway then
you guys watching and sure
zircons they did you at the home
advantage sister banth a Liam where the
fuck did you see that she's hot
Oh No
so this is a this is a three maybe three
take a pre rated game movies on it I got
a best of that
