it has been a long freakin time but did
I just do it's been a long time since
I've done an episode of this and I
apologize for that okay but since all
the recent beef and all of that I
haven't really had time to do this and I
you know I was trying to basically I was
trying to get views let's be honest but
I am back now hunting we will go a
pisode a billion and the top comment
today is sell your squad Fitness cards
because 125 of them will get you like
150 K yes I should do that I know you
know how long that is that is really
long second top comment I have a good
idea play three games no I will not do
that I will stick to what I do but
speaking of that actually I may not be
sticking to what I do I just kind of I'm
an idiot
I thought with this series basically
guys is because of how things are going
in this series in terms of like the fact
I can't win Division one and it's taking
so long to do it I'm tempted to turn
this series into like a streaming series
where you know I basically play a season
at times that we finish this season in
episodes and then I do streams every now
and then where basically I'll do one
whole division six games it might be ten
games who knows I kind of want to do the
stream because I prefer to you know just
have a good go at it solidly like do
like three streams three efforts at
Division one but you guys let me know in
the comments down below
there's also barely it's up to you not a
final top comment the third choice gets
team of the season Lloris because he's
cheaper I was gonna get team of the
season to hangar but he's damn expensive
so team of the season of Laurie's
202,000 we're weird 202,000 don't do any
lower than Jordan alright we've got a
new team in season goalkeeper there was
also a comment to get an upgraded Sun
instead and we currently have the 87
rated so that goes for like a 150 K if
we get out great and we need to go for
the 90 raid who's 750 K ok nevermind err
400 400 K okay 400 carry yeah we an
upgrade in that anytime soon we play
three games in this division we've won
two out of three if we can win another -
today we're almost safe in the division
Laurice the new lorries can keep a clean
sheet let's see what we got a face
my ping oh I don't even know the pink
codes are in the footy they are the
fifties aren't they all right we're
straight in we're straight in I'll take
the foul oh okay I'll take a foul here
we go here we go
marnai smashes it in there we go one nil
ID fluff the shot completely agua puss
in that is all for Hunter I'm sorry Zach
wait Logan Paul buddy you could bro look
at the pace from Kyle Walker he's too
fast he is too freakin fast no striker
was in there come on hazard yeah and
then yeah and then we pasta cause that
Bob what are you mad you are you
actually a your mind
agua please just finesse that into the
top corner no oh he's playing some nice
football he's playing some okay let play
play you know what
hazard smash China I was gonna say
Chinatown but everyone would actually
put me racist because it was Sun mine a
big touch big touch oh oh you didn't
expect that Sam Jose I'm not gonna win
this game
how's he got this chop switch to the
right player you bit ours ago it
wouldn't change the right player I just
wanted it all alums over the entire time
they kept going every other player ah we
didn't get the clean sheet on the debut
I don't know how I'm not winning this
game though dink boom go there we go
straight bucket we made it to halftime
we're winning 2-1 as long as I'm happy
I mean I'm terrified somewhere anyone
out he doesn't expect the cross that
Lake wait smash son son please I've
really messed up I've really messed up
he's the OSHA wari there's the ball
that's the ball boom how do I don't I
don't know how you score that though
finesse finesse Oh run
what okay run just run just run I've
messed out I've messed this out I've
really messed this up hazards on the
ball on the ball hazards on the bow bow
there we go I'm sorry I am crossing it
shit yes oh that almost as mad play play
with seduce all the favor do us all a
favor the game is over we do it that's
one win out of two today I am determined
I am determined to win the next game Man
of the Match more named man of the match
Sanchez son sir didn't get a goal but we
got three goals 3 goals 3 pack
that's the main thing if we win the next
games all with two points offer a little
safety in the division so we just need
one more win out of five if we win the
next game promo packs as well 25k we get
three of these bad boys there's not
gonna be anything good there 25 case we
need that hundred case realistically
again that was even quicker so probably
an 82 rate I'm guessing a tier 8 bernard
escheat what's the point it's just it's
just more coins in it up to two hundred
and twenty-eight case alright Game two
all right this guy's got a guest so I
don't know if that's gonna make it
harder or okay I don't know if that'll
make it harder or easier or won't change
anything I genuinely just want to win
okay 15 seconds in he's already paused
don't don't quit now just based on the
last like 10 seconds I think it's gonna
be harder these guys seem good together
by the way that those aside but these
guys seem very very switched on they're
like Rachel and Ross from friends they
might have a bit of a bit of an off day
finesse yes your mom please just I just
saw that I don't deserve that
I really don't just that was a horrible
goal but I'm gonna take it I'm
definitely gonna take it like that shot
look at it look at that the flip for
that deflection is dirty alright we go
near post nipper that's not even near
post but boom how did you score corners
can someone help me come on Kyle try all
the pace the place hold up really easy
that's just a bit disappointing in it
really when it's like that canavaro with
the smash that wasn't close son son why
why why did I not make an extra touch
and pass it of course how was that
danovich this good by the way
go on ha what is the hand danovich on
he's on some sort of drugs that's
halftime I will take oh they'll take our
time um as I said I thought I didn't
deserve a goal but now I definitely know
I do alright where do we go puss in oh
one more one more
and again alright but then we let Oh are
we getting so close but we just can't
get that final ball there you go hunter
and for this first hunter hunter learn
to use your feet come on please please
please turn it in no one okay we'll take
it money don't have a left foot do you
you don't have a left foot what the fuck
were those where's my team keeps keeps
Laurie so not sure about that bro the
score is 1 nil this is
Kilis turning and smash no I'll happily
Park a bus right now we've passing yes
we won 202 today oh wow that was a tough
ass game sudden man-of-the-match we
didn't get a gold well we got one goal
that's one special back oh my tanks my
heart is honestly like pumping right now
it's mad you know what guys we won the
game we want two in a row I'm just gonna
open one more pack just just to get a
few more coins we're not gonna get
anything good so we get a few more coins
which takes up total up to two hundred
and thirty four thousand coins you guys
could let me know what to do that you
also need to let me know what to do in
terms of streaming or episodes the
maximum games we can have right now is
five eleven points and five games so
that's four wins three wins 2 draws
basically just don't lose two games
that's all for today thank ice watching
I am happy to be back although it's very
very stressful but leave like do you
guys want more of this series make sure
you subscribe and all that shit bye bye
thanks watching boot none of you niggas
are fucking with me I'm on the whole
week just weekly
I've got the rate in for repeat visit
Jack know what I mean I'm an arena next
time super
