right winds up guys and welcome to your
ultimate team that you guys surely know
the deal by now you tell me who to buy i
buy them I play I win win I always win
sometime most occasionally lose but
normally you guys drove me on who to buy
like last time you got me together on Rd
near as much as he is good he did not
fit in my team at all this time you
pulled through
Alberto model n oh there we go we got we
got him there we go I think the next
position I'm gonna have to get is
probably another centre back or maybe a
centre mid or right back because at the
moment isn't see my plan I have to play
my arena right back cuz Mika riches is
tired but it's a decent enough team to
win so yeah now before I get into a game
if you guys want to kneel to a team
cause to go one fifa.com in the
description use a mini five and you get
a five set discount I just remembered hi
I only have three points because EA
frickin kicked me off after I'd won the
game no I'm not having that I'm about to
win no I will not sniff your pants I'm
gonna I got this I got okay going ah
shit okay nope Wow his plays are quick
no no no he's already through no I pull
it Jo Jo I thought you were good oh my
god this is gonna be a lot harder though
no pissing this off piss off
John why are you doing come on bed come
on Ben
come on bed go on get the wallet there
is food okay I've stood a chance to run
shots
love it shit
good sow good sow sow
are you serious no just please thank you
mother psychic come on how am I not
drawing nice pass
no no no okay see you flashlight but oh
my god didn't actually think I was gonna
get that
how is he through like that like I know
yeah that was so obvious do not give up
anyway thank you that's dirty diving
storage and I did not bring you out
right where are you going Oh me I forgot
no it's not okay that's fine that's fine
like there's no on there that's a hard
time and I'm losing one nail I said I
always win it's not even that unfair
it's pretty even in fact this guy gets
so many freakin corners it pisses me off
it pisses me off where we like where do
they come from fun hey the run where's
the run what's the run okay boom please
oh we saw it you seen it oh yeah and
anything yeah that's what you thought I
was doing their pot they would've been
just Ben Arfa is an absolute gene with
his weak foot look at the power an aloe
in through calf seen the ball I've seen
a ball whoa Oh Mangala how motorcylce I
so slow where were you going look at did
you see myself I just run out no that's
not yeah it's not where was frickin I
don't know who that centre-back was but
he just ran up there what the hell
what the lady literally I don't know how
he doesn't you just get Joe Hart is so
shit I don't know how I'm gonna win this
so then I okay that's a foul come on
police really
he gets the EGS advantage okay cool no
just please please gonna oh my god
that's game game fuckin over I just
don't understand how how have I lost
this so badly like three one as well
I just for some reason my players are so
slow look at his players just run past
Marino's gonna be good
I just bought him and then the app yeah
sick just gets everything okay okay now
I've got a bit of luck there we go about
time in the 90s 15 minute here we go
lads I said I always win that's Karma
coming back to bite me in my frickin ass
admittedly he was a good player but at
the same time dunno why this time no
prisoners I have arguably the best team
I can have you know maybe a couple of
these players could fit in there but no
excuses I'm a with especially if his
team is terrible which it's it's weird
right let's try this again let's go
let's go and Silvia mom yeah yeah you
know where I'm going or you don't
yeah where the fuck is that touch okay
let's go and talk here let's go where's
the counter little bit of lag with a
little bit of lag we can make it through
the night No alright you don't wanna
okay just know that was a little okay
but we're still going oh oh oh oh my god
I just can't tell how good been off
actually is does he has potential to be
like the best player in the game and
then he just has potential to be
absolutely shocking gone south Sheamus
out look he's so good and yet he gets
blocked every time that's why I'll never
know if he's that good tell you what the
movement from my team is non-existent I
don't see any
their legs just don't move and Zambia
and it looks like he's dirty on track
you know what Sal take it that's a stuff
I think that might be my first shot on
target well see ya boy is he he's gonna
shoot it's gonna shoot he's only gonna
shot and hit the post
come on South God's up okay come on oh
sure re Oh shucks all right that's one
done that's one and boom Sal little hold
on the game but Ben Arfa I need someone
to finish please at the moment I'm all
my photos about to shoot that was it
easy strike that's ours well I cannot
hit the target eight shots two on top
that's embarrassing gone been gone Ben
sees Thornton there was no movement
again absolutely zero movements
literally like I'm fuckin a dead person
there's just no movement I was kind of I
was kind of weird
I'm sorry I don't know how he has got a
chance on here I thought what are you
gonna tackle enormous tackle and Corey
gets a corner and schools
I missed No
while my planner gets to the biggest
douche bags in the world
ah good it looks like a division seven
that may have to be like a staying
season yep sick one sick one Alberto
nope okay yeah cool oh no yeah so I get
that chance I get that chance
and yet here Mertesacker what changed
what is going up where it give me the
ball and Doug Bill and x√†bia the fuck
Justin something yeah okay but I was 100
last time and I ended up losing 3-1 so
let's not celebrate yet okay you know
what now screw it screw it just get the
ball in good MA there's no one man oh my
god
please no no we burned it and now he's
gone shots I'll take the red no I won't
okay that's why I won't take the red
because I still have another chance
please
so baguette okay this is this is the
last corner last corner kick of the game
come on please you had it open you can
head up go on Richard I was going miles
over but fucking drew another oh my god
not a loss and a draw I can't even talk
anymore that's the law I'm not too sure
I'm gonna get promoted this season
because I need ten points in six games
that's only three wins and a draw but
based on current form not sure I have
about one and a half thousand coins you
guys need to let me know who to bike by
the end of next episode if I have to
most liked comment with it when I buy
today you guys watching and true ahaha
or nah okay we got another little attack
here another little it up he's taking me
out breath kill me kill me but okay
people please note no one wants to come
best thing about having one odds in the
other team free-kicks because you got
some mad free-kick checkers look at that
look at wha Oh God
