the side the next question is no more
the presidency budget I can't I'm sorry
I can't not do an intro what's up guys
welcome to another Q&A and I'm sorry I
failed the birth question already but I
don't really care no more the presents
you got for Christmas in ten seconds
nothing nothing that's what I got
nothing it's literally just a ball
contents the sound of one hand clapping
that's the sound warranty this product
is guaranteed to do absolutely nothing
something happens return for a full
refund in all seriousness I got a few
things you know I'm not gonna bore you
with what I got I got some I got some
beer that says yeah you're reading that
right I had a good Christmas hopefully
you did to let me know what you got in
the comments below if we just didn't see
what you all got for Christmas as well
so let me know if make an over dramatic
scene of you calling Ethan and calling
him gay
yeah
how long did you stare for do it into
the camera you want me to have a sparing
composition with a note you want me to
step alright
this is going on for so long this is my
eyes this is the name of Maradona my
laundry
my twitch it look at it this to you oh
my god oh my god ah let me know if I won
that because I know a lot of you tried
do a football tutorial hi welcome to how
to be a football today we're going to be
teaching you how to be a football now
obviously there's a lot of differences
between a person and a football but
we're going to teach you some tricks on
how to be the best football you can be
number one what's the first thing you
notice about this ball the patterns
right so you want to be a football
you're gonna have to get some patterns
of your own next up a football has it to
be pumped up footies you're gonna need
your own holes to puff up okay not that
one not not that one next the most
obvious thing about ball is it is round
so you need to do your best to be round
the only thing that's left after that is
to be kicked wait what about a week ago
thus this is still happening that whole
thing ended like a week ago
no but seriously he's in jail now what
will be the next gaming event you will
go to so I'm not sure if there's
actually one in between now and this one
but we have just announced that we are
going to I 54 which is in commentary is
insomnia we went for the last one is it
was so sick actually that vlog about it
which you can check out my channel this
one is gonna be even bigger even better
I think it's like double the amount of
people you know we're gonna have like a
stand we're gonna have special stuff
done I don't know what's happening you
can check out in the description there's
also a discount code there for you but
yeah if you wanna come to that say hi to
me say hi to all the all the Simon will
be there so see you there what are the
three words she wants to hear well
according to Cheryl quartz I love you
to me it's always gotta be I don't know
I think I'm drunk if you were a rapper
what would be your rapper name it has to
be something that it would either it
wouldn't be something so personal like
you know if you like mini menzo or
something like that would just be
something so stupid like so raps a lot
or rapper laughs rapper laughs that's it
do a rap battle with the Christmas tree
bunny your heinie I got a temper but I
ain't tiny you got a star under your
head well I'm a star in my bed and no
one likes you cuz he leaves a strike
here cuz I'm a Christmas tree and if
your mom was here I think she would
agree i'ma tell you something just leave
your present Sunday here I say it like a
puppeteer and you queer baby remember
which one of us has the most balls who
would you kill one of the side man 420
yep sorry bit right that is actually the
end of the Q&A today hopefully you
didn't enjoy it if you did be sure to
leave a like and thank you
- what the hell that was a terrible shot
from a barber yeah - nila in three
minutes
who would've thought huh okay let's give
it to Ronaldinho let's give it to run
our video
Ronaldinho with the tricks with the
tricks are 100 good one run old oh my
god oh my God he's just literally run
through me he's just rough hey I think
your own good Jones there we go told you
his own
