right what's up guys and what day is it
today I've probably already shown you it
is Boxing Day so I kind of thought since
I've been doing a lot of challenges
recently why not incorporate the day
into the challenge so today I sounded
like Harry Justin what the hell I am
basically trying to even score one goal
while playing in boxing gloves if I'm
losing by the 80th minute I will take
the gloves off and try and win the game
and that's about it before I stop you
guys want any other team going out one
fifa.com in the description juice mini 5
and yeah 5% discount that's fun I'm
gonna take up boxing up shit so I'm
using the standard BPL team because you
know it's the one that works but
pressing buttons is freaking hot I
managed to press that one ok I can't
even hold the controller this is a bad
but fuck right so I've changed the
camera angle just for this that you can
see that I am using these and I am
playing again one of the that's actually
not that good a team so yeah I'm gonna
kinda have to play like this cuz I can't
really do anything else come on come on
all right this is actually you know what
you know what I can I can almost play
kind of ish this is gonna be her rent oh
no ok all right
run run okay I impress that no no no no
no no no no no no oh good one
sit but I ain't fucking I didn't fucking
drop I don't know I can't do this I am
six minutes in and I'm already who are
endlessly regretting my decision
come on come on just give me that ball
give the ball do the ball give it all
right that's the past
all right well again I'm I didn't press
that all right this is actually right
now gone nope all right pass down fuck I
just ran out of chopped come on oh-ho-ho
magic and dangerous ah crap I didn't
bring my kid oh my god this is
horrifying and I'm also getting cramp
'mom I could never be a boxer despite
the fact of how wedge I adapt be up
there it is there but there's the
fucking gold now I got to try and pick
mob controller it's like
what do this know what the what the hell
okay pass what where am i aiming oh my
god yeah this is this is fantastic come
on run at him run at him
run at him puss puss oh that's not the
button okay run keep running keep
running just keep running run it
ah crap cramp cramp in my hand oh yeah
and it's back again yeah it's back again
I didn't ha ha ha
my hand hurts so much change put come on
really no I know you I know you're gonna
turn there's nothing I can do there's
nothing I can do you know what just get
a shot shots on-target that's what
counts that's what that's the stats oh
my god it is that is that's a better I'd
rather have his back I'd rather have his
fat the one you know the top left this
is the score ah this is so painful I
don't know why but this is so painful
trying to like put not ah no no no no no
no hello the fuck are you doing I'll
shit my controllers on the floor ah fuck
pick it up ah get rid get rid get rid
off the line close him put close him
what's the fuck are you doing I stay a
half time and I'm losing two nails
see stat boosting that's what you want
that's what he's doing he's he's stat
boosting he doesn't actually serve to
win
what the hell what that count that
counts as the win yeah that was his
internet he quit I win right so no that
is a long for video but I wasn't
actually gonna do a video today cuz I'm
at home right now I know I always say I
wasn't going to do a video but
truthfully I'm at home I'm enjoying
Christmas I'm sorry this isn't a long
video I was hoping he wouldn't quit but
he did so yeah these are kind of useless
now but anyways I hope you guys had a
good Christmas and enjoyed your Boxing
Day hopefully that was just a bit of fun
but thank you guys for watching and I'll
carry on doing videos so yeah soup was
good just ran through everyone I knew
his game would be Z to be fair you can't
polish a turd if he's bad he's bad you
can give him a good theme but he's
little shit no no oh my days and run now
boys very very good is that a very good
please get off please
what have I done what have I done fuck
okay I'll take your back I have no idea
how I'm gonna win this I just
