whassa Merry Christmas even though it's
not Christmas yet this is annoying as
how I'm hoping you can still hear me
anyways welcome to UK versus USA and
today is a very special one because it
is almost Christmas this is so weird
anyways just at a special episode we
decided to actually live up to the name
and UK vs. USA so we are using those two
teams well I say UK I mean England I am
bringing you me being the UK she is
being America and then we will do the
other way round or Jesse Charles you can
check out in the description the outro
or on her channel and before I start you
guys won in the Ultimate Team Coins you
got one fifa.com in the description use
many five-year vibes that discount this
is the team I am use this is really I'm
just nah nah I'm gonna stop there this
is the team I'm using look at this
England team
okay that is it's pretty much the team
we play except we don't normally play
wall court or young sometimes but that's
it's City and she's America so what's
that gonna do okay
England versus America oh okay yeah
that's a very standard team I expected
that your team looks way sicker than I
imagined but that's just we hang back I
did even oh my god I'm gonna get smoked
come on now corgis you wanna see no dad
has none actually yeah this is about Oh
yanking your into this skill moves
that's get like I'll see that oh stop do
you see this oh just pay yes that should
have been a foul Ref
oh no oh goodness no babes stop it old
episodes episode below me America hey
yeah you realize that we are playing for
national pride right now this is
national pride ah now I'm about to show
everybody in England what America is all
about
yep that was exactly what we're about
actually Oh taking it no you know yeah
Glen you gotta completely take the ball
from home you can't no no no no way here
we get could you no no no no no no no no
yeah already come on yes
how did you save that america fuck yeah
no here we come to save the
motherfucking day yeah oh damn it
nice that was not know where you going
out no no no no no no no no no no good
go I thought I was in I thought I was in
what I say that you're only gonna score
right now don't do this last school
right now don't right now what y'all
gone right now don't worry don't you the
listener Trump blows across Altidore
shit I don't know why I made that choice
that was a poor choice he's not doing
anything for me
nah nah oh my god when oh well we're
doin Oh nervous what's your favorite
Christmas song um Rudolph the red-nosed
reindeer why
oh the discussion oh the destruction
that that's what I'm not even gonna
score any goals with your country
because I don't want to make them proud
okay here we go
I don't know where that is going that's
really many in sight I love the UK
exactly and yet you want school with
them these stats are terrible or both
legs over no no no no no don't pull on
my kit like that oh here I go oh here I
go go sugar honey iced tea this is it Oh
we cross that happening it's commencing
right now Oh what are you doing out the
door oh but it's a Christmas miracle
oh no no no not walk or you know outpace
a new foe CLA uh I'm gonna run I want to
run oh you're just gonna run it I can't
catch you man you brood I thank you hi I
was just standing there and you ran into
me like fucking write to me what I see
what you're doing and see what you know
you're trying to be good and I don't
like you yeah go on
Ashley where are you this is we're not
you know sick you're stunning
the question is so real right now guys
have no idea when you're right so hard
doing that sort of UK buzzy it's just
like impossible to get the no way you
were on no way you were on come on hard
yeah oh my god I was actually on him I
don't believe I was on best come on
I just gotta win guys I'm just gonna go
and it needs a shoot gone wait oh please
get that out of here please get that out
of here and head it back into that Oh No
there we go
no come on come on Alicia ah I'm not
pulling show thank you guys
oh okay wait wait wait I'd have ties
with the beard on but I am now Santa
Claus come on I'm gonna go with dim team
are you yeah taking your time you might
miss this he's afraid of a mirror you're
taking so long it might take you
automatically you know no no no he's
doing this weird backup thing I can't do
anything about this yeah you might miss
it and ironically I'm better I see
everything you do remember what it did
automatically take it yes I couldn't hop
that he was taking eight years to get
off the ball you're not gonna score
again you're gonna score him
I'm so I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
ah I'm no sorry it's Christmas this is
my present this is what happens guys
this is I'm sorry the United America
that was a glitch and I can't do
anything about that
I have the worst luck in this game ever
gonna join an early Christmas present
what good that's not even gonna help me
haha that's not even gonna help me
everyone in there will be like do not
score don't go no watch out you can have
a go mate you're gonna do a job of
course
good job yeah go Joe scores this I'm
gonna be hey come on guys get it back to
him ball take a shot Joe's good take it
to look good Joe so good oh that is that
was even slide 8th one it Merry
Christmas
I was obviously on the naughty list haha
yeah I think I think I deserve to win no
you didn't sucks in this match guys
UK was better and they will be better in
the next match because I'm going to win
I'm sorry America I'm all about America
better than you if you want to check out
a rematch you can check out in the out
show in description or and Jesse's
Channel
thank you guys for watching and soup
oh fuck wait no bids off bid is off good
not like the hood good Lena's gonna be
married oh I
