what's up guys are welcome to your
ultimate team where you guys pick who I
get and I'm actually for the first time
ever I think I'm actually upset that you
get to choose because the most liked
comment is the one I get and today they
told me not to get a Tongan well you
told me not to get something you told me
to get Mertesacker now unfortunately I
can't afford him right now well
hopefully by the end of this episode I
should be able to it would be the end of
the world this is the team I'm gonna
have to be using for this game I'm a to
center-backs of both tired basically I
need to hope that Pepe sells before the
next game otherwise I'm not gonna have a
center back now before I get into a game
if you guys running nails with Team
Coins check I want fifa.com in the
description use mini 5 and you get 5 set
discount that was really weird anyway
the first opponent is BPO plush and he
has a class BPL to is good choice a name
it fits right let's frickin do this I
need to just if I can take a lead I'll
actually sub off my sentiment because I
just thought I need to no no no no this
is what the Frick the Frick joke come on
man I need to get a chance please please
where's no I've seen the run no you stop
the player I meant it to gone where you
get flame um Oh Sal plate going no sound
beautiful beautiful Sal oh whoa well you
thought Joe art as well yeah yeah I see
I see okay no no there's no run no you
don't want to make a run okay no it's
cool Oh or do you guys are boom was it
every day with a good ball in a good
ball why wait on the Russian gone good
oh there you go okay we need to get some
actual passing some actual pot or when I
say passing I mean selfish selfish
behavior that almost leads to a goal no
no no no there's one shot one shot and
he scores
no no no I know you're gonna try and
pass that past Jared oh go on sow sow
say you have pace please please
boom yes yes yes yes no oh the annoying
thing is I know I literally know for
that I can win this game oh really oh my
god okay what's embed off dude what the
hell was that that's halftime and I am
losing somehow somehow I am losing no no
no no no no no no no no please no he's
so far what come on come on please
please can I just get gold
I know if I can get one I can get two
Sal I don't know how you're gonna get
out of this okay
somehow boom boom Sal is a frickin
magician as I said I know now I've got
one I can get to go on lalana clam clam
okay that's a good boy that's a sec oh
wow what did I tell you I get one I can
get two and back again and way
finish go Thank You 3:1 Damon over
oh-oh-oh-oh for one now now it is really
game over over Oh
ha ha ha so Bo ready oh oh he's still
he's still going forever bless him he's
still he's still truck yeah he's still
he's still trying but I have I have a
two goal lead
I should not should not draw this
especially if I have another chance like
this
maybe sow penalty kind of a pet pet that
is that is game that is a win I am a
promotion one more win and I've won the
title ok so he hasn't gone yet this is a
little bit of a bummer so I am forced to
play this team this is gonna be terrific
but if I do win this game then it's even
more heroic especially against that team
because that is just a BPL team that is
you know what I got this I got this all
I got to do is just keep on the attack
and it should be fine like this like
this look look at the attack the attack
is already on the attack is already on
ok where are you
well I give me the radar really you're
not you're not gonna give me the radar
all right boom boom boom pow gone Jack
Jackie boy whips in with the left and
bone right yeah I got on backwards the
runs where's the runs
there's the runs there's the run you see
that no no ok let you go there you go Oh
Oh my defense is gonna struggle hard but
hopefully
I can defend well enough corn come on
where's the runs come on where's the
rock all right back out back out oh oh
play fine oh it's a rumble Alana and
playing and Alana boom it his keeper
just dived out of the way
you know what lalana is actually one of
the best players like God I think I take
her a little bit for granted
now I'm in a little bit of a sticky
situation because if he crossed it my
players are terrible yeah but I know
it's so obvious all you have to do is
cross it men artha run across the pitch
rate run across the pitch spread your
legs
not in that way okay again little bit
panicked oh oh oh that
wasn't a pen that I just I dropped my
controller because I assume that must be
chip it in okay no you just doing that
ah
halftime anyway it's good to nil up go
on to mama go on ah ah
there's absolutely terrible shot oh
he's got hazard I forgot he's got hazard
I forgot that he has had no no this
isn't fun with hazard haha that was the
easy bit that was the easy bit of Bobbo
a hole a bubble with the strength and
the power and a final level rebound this
is the word I was looking for three nail
three oh my god Riddick four oh my god
ah this is what I mean game on now it is
really getting close to game on get rid
if you seen the gap I've seen a gap you
know look at this gap the nice little
one take a good touch good touch ah bang
one into the goal there's four one
that's just from the keeper you know
just kick it up take touch um bang you
know what he's gonna tack but I'm not
really worried first of all because you
know I've stopped it secondly I'm
winning forward or one in the 90th
minute I think I've just won the time
you know what I have just won the title
there it is four one two wins in a row
into division seven I go easy peasy
lemon squeezy but I have to buy a motor
second mouse sick lot I love it I love
the fact that I have to buy Mertesacker
thank you guys so much but I have about
three and a half thousand coins left I
will have about 5000 coins left one Pepe
sells so you guys have 5000 points to
decide what to do is what player you
want me to get the most like point will
be the one I choose something you guys
watching and see ya ah yah yah yah yah
going yo-yo it goes I are going oh wait
we didn't need to go I'm on it wait I
need to go on defensive yeah oh and I
need to go okay we got believe we forgot
the whole aim of this we don't up
let me give ya that's how I did Oh oh
hell no hello Dan oh come on done and
dusted done and dusted
you just get done in Dustin's yeah but
it's right here have you seen
