what's up guys and welcome to a new
challenge I like to cool the one-man
challenge basically only one player can
score on my team I decide who it is
before but that seems quite easy
obviously I just choose the striker you
know but no for this challenge me and
the other guys decided that you have to
use aprons centre-back as a striker and
that player is the only player that can
score so I have cut up obviously I have
gone with win because that's what I'm
gonna do win I play one game
I can only school with win and hopefully
I will win now before I get into the
game if you guys want any other team
blows check out 1 Peter calm in the
description using a five-game vibe set
discount I've gone with the BPL team at
this DPO team A+ win is that's just a
formula for winning just to make it that
much more of a challenge I am doing the
champion shield semi-final so I'm not
gonna get some retard hopes Club
probably ok let's see his team let's see
his uh-oh King full stop 400 you know
see you know he's got a plan if he's
shoes and Silver's you know he's got a
plan and he's in the semis
ok so here we go let's go win let's get
we're up win win run win please okay no
that didn't work take on win go on Oh
word I chipped it like it - I said Emily
I'm sorry ok win win why are you back
here seriously look what I don't even
know he's wild left foot why is he
playing he's landed field pretty much oh
my god no no no no no no no
Ronaldinho please go go go win go on
that's not win where are you win win win
please
Oh Oh No Oh company company come on man
that's good company is sick as long as I
get rid of this win I prize win back
here
no does win nope if I can get a book
we've did Garrard get rid I don't please
please
Oh was that okay play wait oh okay oh
please no win
wait up by one oh my god no okay win
gon win run give your 93 place how are
you not outpacing people on my card who
is who's re y ou re yoked oh my god no
no no no no no no no no no please don't
even pen please oh that's no that's the
oh I'm sorry
where are you in we're wet with what is
it today okay this is the best outcome I
could have hoped for purely because it
means it means I get to use win it's
your chance come on come on home win you
can do this
let's go fight boom
Oh Wyn has scored I'm finally doing a
challenge
no what the hell what what kind of what
no please please oh so Gibby wait take a
look just get rid of it
pass the ball oh no no no no no no
dealio is very very good halftime and
I'm winning and I have scored with win I
did not think I'd be able to be honest I
know I know he's got pace but he's so
 everything else except if anything
I don't like to see this Hulk has a
free-kick and he's not is he gonna take
it okay good run forward run for a jump
no all no close em close him what am i
I'm defending like it definitely like
idiot what my doing okay come on come on
don't just don't foul don't foul there
we go oh no no are the Burrow
what's the plot get rid of it going win
good charlie
look where is your pace you have pain
where are you what the hell go away good
sing this place since dub it what Dow
where's it go good why you keep going
when I don't know what I'm gonna do from
here I don't know what I'm gonna do but
only he can scoop that was a shot this
is actually a shot this is actually how
it's gone good double top it's a win-win
yeah when your swin okay where's the
next chance next chance I can see when I
see him coming in no that's not him
that's not anyone that was close yeah
okay win win win win
boom oh I did so well it's actually
science to fit in with the team no no no
no no did he just report that her boner
cut the help with that give it
oh my god no good good good hellooo
Julie I've just won uh ugh I honestly
okay good so good come on cut target
there yes truly I have one now it is the
90th minute like nineteen something
minute come on get the ball and then
we're gonna kick the ball up there just
win is there if we can win this head up
one we're not going no don't we Matt
okay that's it game not really sure why
cause I was going through the net right
now but you can do every once look at
that the team didn't play very well but
win gets an eight point two
Courtois doing well company that's why
court was meant of matching superpowers
you can walk to net he becomes one with
the net
although yeah I may have been a little
bit dominated to be honest that is yeah
Shh anyway sighs that challenge done I
actually completed it I had win as my
striking he was the only one to score I
have to tag someone I'm gonna tag up a
zinger he's got he's a Braun Center back
as a striker hopefully he will fail I
don't know why I said that I was really
mean but anyway good luck Ethan thank
you guys watching soup moving mind since
the beginning now I'm gonna do it
completely on my own but I've had a big
part so that is taking up so much time
I'm still doing it please do not just
blame me if you haven't got something
that you ordered it's not just me okay
but yeah you can understand now why I
posted it cuz I do three videos a day
two on my second channel one on this
channel and I'm trying to do that as
well which is also probably the reason
why if you think I look tired right now
you may not we should thank you
