just when I think I'm done with this
there's another one another one
JJ has now released a diss track and it
is called two birds one stone now I can
guess who one of them is and looking at
the tags I can guess who both of them
are I got a lot of tweets asking me to
react to this so I have to do it and you
guys know that I love me a good diss
track the JJ the stage is yours
it's time to fire back I mean how we
went pretty in last time
enough of that JJ went in as well so
it's JJ's turn to go back let's go JJ do
it do the thing Oh
last time I'm doing this show you oh
wait that's where he went the other day
or two ago JD disappeared I had no idea
where he was sorry let's let's continue
Benny girls are out there interested ik
aj da seaside when you touch his neck la
I mean look at his face look he loves
sound
he loves that he's like a cat go JJ it's
your birthday people oh no I wanna pop I
delegate
boy wanna play a few inches later
okay okay okay especially this line
rapping about a kitty are you brain-dead
this is all about well so far okay so I
mean he does like sorry - stop it again
look at the cross
I think that's I think that's well a
done you know I think well has been
finished there is he gonna go into Harry
now that that's a hurry now I mean I
have no problem with Joe either but day
I didn't it's got most popular what is
the most popular his most popular has he
changed the thumbnail alright okay no
that that must be hit him hard then all
right under Harry's turn find your mama
okay this is a bit snapchat I don't care
if you do grading cuz Ezekiel rub your
shit boy mad madness and oh my I don't
know what to say I'm just I'm just a
carrier
okay I mean jay-z could have he could
have said what he was talking about here
when he says sneaking all your boys just
for more money
jay-z is now tweeted this okay I'm sorry
for that that's bad I don't know this is
part of course no I've never snort coke
in my life and I never lost my virginity
to a prostitute my bro don't have two
kids
hurry you're a lying cunt fuck yourself
ah well uh yeah yeah JJ bloody Oh but I
want to see how the others were how Joe
and how Harry replies to this I think
Joe already has right well that's all
for the reaction today JJ killed it well
done well done you guys decide who wins
realistically at the end of the day
whether Harry one
whether JJ one whether Dead jeez all
four and now we all agree on that I
don't know but let me know what you guys
think in the comments down below thank
you guys watching
um post no more diss tracks please oops
none of you fucking with me I'm on the
whole wait just wait see that's why I
came with a DP
run upon that they were holding the key
in full daylight so Josephine I got the
rate in for repeat visit Jang know what
I mean I'm a novena
extra super
