right welcome to a video which Ethan and
Josh have both done
Ethan style it just did it now I'm doing
it it is leads on steroids now they
didn't do leads on steroids Ethan did
Westham on steroids Justin Nobel on
steroids I'm doing lethal steroids
because yeah yeah I'm a nice man alright
stop laughing please please stop
laughing anyway I have added attribute
cards to all these players except this
one who is now getting one that is a +10
on every single player on the pitch
hopefully I should be able to just beat
someone so easily now but they are leads
so I'm not really holding my breath
Willis now before I get into a game if
you guys want to yell to the team guys
check out one fever calm in the
description he's been he five-year five
cent discount that was way too much
energy in this hand right so we are
going into the champion shield have
already done the first round that was a
while ago just so I don't get someone
absolutely retarded I want a challenge
not sure why when I lose every challenge
anyway right so their first opponent we
get has an a3 rated squad with the oh my
really
I'm a leads this is a fair I could do
this leads I'm a steroids I got this
gunshot go what the hell really you fall
over you got +10 how weak were you to
start with ah surely I could win ahead I
got like jumping plus then I got heading
+10 that's a shocking point I want it
it's just didn't going oh my god oh oh
oh my oh why am i passing to my keeper
corn antonucci going on to do g.o
per standard it's that they should
definitely be cards though plus 20
actually just the leads just like leads
and certain teams like that wet I don't
understand
thank you where we get and Cellucci
absolute value school got it a target a
minute ago and now you can take on three
players in school is he quitting you can
take the fact that he's losing two
leaders Equis
one eternity later no is no dammit right
get rid of this yeah get rid of that get
rid of not in my house though I'm not in
my house I'm on a pitch rich in this
like you can score cuz it's not that
whoa get rid no no no no no ha okay yeah
come on man halftime and I am I'm
winning I'm actually winning a child
that this is a really a challenge right
second part let's see let's see what
happens if I do the run come on Shirley
Shirley really oh my god one call have
seen the ball far side I see it what oh
nothing oh okay you don't want to you
don't want to do that eyes it's cool man
I'm still winning and I might be with it
my boy if I did I don't know why is he
just crossing all get oh no do not
finish oh do not pull it shut stop stop
just pibblies I don't know I don't
really know where to go I really I'm so
lost but I managed to get free kick out
is somehow and oh my god Austin the
power the power house Austin gone too
much power
okay now I'm in a little bit of trouble
now I'm in now yeah now I am in a little
bit of trouble yeah there's the truck
there it's the trouble there's yeah
that's the trouble
well I don't know how I'm drawing this
one going good you're on now you're on
your own dick oh ha ha
head head what are you doing again
please okay okay a boom oh my god
Anthony to prove prove I need to win
this game
I can't let Josh and Ethan both win and
then I lose okay go boom
I felt like I was trying to make it wet
I wasn't I was just angry I literally
have like two minutes left two minutes
oh please yeah you thought I was good
yep no no no that's full-time and it is
in the Gold Cup so I have to play extra
time how will I let it come down to
extra time I should have just seen this
game out is so it wasn't even up like a
hard game okay you know what you have
good long shots not a no okay you don't
parry me okay it's about to be half-time
it's about to be gone edgy on good why
you know give enough time is good
freakin halftime of extra time how am I
not winning this game good he's made a
mistake he's gonna sing oh oh my even oh
that is awesome oh my god I can see this
going to penalties because I cannot
score as long as he doesn't score it's
actually gonna go down to penalties is
oh my god please please can I just get
one last no as long as he pleased no no
no no no no no no no no okay this is my
last chance
play play I've seen you know you get
injured by passing sit yeah keep keep
whining bitch that's it full-time
penalties and we go straight in
apparently okay here we go come on walk
on that's it that's up that's up don't
dare come I got the light is reflecting
I can't see there you go there you go
that's a top-notch penalty shot not
going surely we're gonna do Shirley
we're gonna do yeah bit ignore that boom
that's gotta be oh I'm just gonna sponge
the step to the right
I get a dive please please that you're
out please I'm so nervous I want to win
okay
he knows not he's going out the middle
it's going down middle it's not going
down the middle
that's top notch top top bins there we
go if I win this it puts me in a sick
position if I need to sleep he went
there pretty much every time all after
school he dives every time he does bitch
that is such a relief that I won that
because I deserve to win
I actually deserved that one normally I
say I'm lying that is a winner for Leeds
on steroids I joined the club of clubs
that of one on steroids I think I Sian
catch you next time but yeah that is
that done if you want me to do any
challenges or anything specific on fever
let me know in the comments thank you
guys for watching and sure if you were a
boxer what would you walk up to the ring
be like
if you were fine would you
