yeah that was many of you James Bond
intro I don't know if you got that but
yeah right what's up guys and welcome to
a Q&A I did one last week I'm doing one
now and hopefully next week or the week
after will be one with JJ ksi so anyway
are you guys on Twitter for some
questions using the hashtag Minnie Bay
don't ask absolutely no reason for that
hashtag I just decided to do it also Cal
freezy says it a lot I feel like I
should be worried whatever let's go on
with questions how do you feel about
bazinga nope oh my god what is your
favorite porn site
right so my favorite porn site is
www.youtube.com/watch v Menzel because
look look okay look look at that that is
so know imma be back in a minute
if you were a boxer what would you walk
up to the ring be like
if you were a fan would you blow
everyone I mean I guess that's what fans
do isn't it
wait no we do a Christmas video with the
sidemen hopefully we will be doing
Christmas videos but obviously if we
don't have time we have time I have an
idea what I want to do but obviously
everyone needs ideas and I wouldn't mind
doing more than one so if there are any
ideas that you want us to do for a video
let me know in the comments below and
hopefully we'll be able to do a few
videos involving Christmas so yeah let
me know have a drop-kicked is that how
long does it take you to edit a video I
actually get asked this quite a lot I'm
not sure why but it's sort of like a Q&A
the actual editing of it takes I don't
know it depends if there's cutaways
it'll take you know like two three hours
if there's just questions it's a lot
quicker feed videos you know that's
another hour maybe two hours if it's
like a big video if it's a shorter video
only an hour
GJ is about an hour it all kind of
depends on what it is if it's a very
spanned videos about an hour but if it's
something extra like a Q&A with cutaways
or a FIFA video where it's a bit longer
or I've done two games or something like
that it takes longer as well it's the
music for most videos that takes a long
time to try and get it right to the
situation in the video but yeah I did
three videos a day so I actually spend
normally about six hours a day editing
it takes a long time it does take a lot
people do think youtubers are just lazy
they just play a game upload it straight
away but what can you do hopefully you
guys know that we do put in more effort
than it seems I mean I actually have a
job at the side of this so this yeah
yeah that kind of ties me down a bit but
yeah that's how long I spend editing can
you pimp your car
right so obviously you guys have seen my
car before but you want to meet the pimp
it so here it is so obviously everyone
seems to be getting their car in chrome
so I thought I'd do the same that's why
I've got this limited-edition chrome
I've got the 42 it I've got a 42 inch TV
in the back and then just to top it all
off just to make it my own car we have
the limited edition
Simon sticker on the front and when I
say sticker I mean it is limited edition
can you tell us what will be coming soon
from the sidemen clothing right so if
you didn't know the Simon actually have
a clothing website now that is you know
our group it is in the description so
you can find it there unfortunately
right now there aren't any shirts on
sale we've sold out the black ones the
white ones aren't on sale at the moment
are two new designs one of which is this
design it's a new shirt you can see this
one on the website you can see the black
one as well we have quite a few designs
for shirts at the moment I can't tell
you right now what they are but they are
looking good so yeah hopefully they'll
be up there soon probably in the new
year will you be doing a Christmas
giveaway on your channel I actually
wasn't gonna do a giveaway purely based
on the fact that I hadn't thought of it
now that you've said it why not I
managed to speak to GT Omega yesterday
who if you didn't know make this chair
and they're basically willing to give
one away to whoever guesses the correct
number between one and a thousand and is
also following myself and GT Omega
Racing so if you do want to win a chair
feel free to follow both of us and tweet
me a number between one and a thousand
and I probably will near a Christmas
start doing some you know like 10 20
pound fifty pound giveaways of code
space what's or ps4 yeah that's alright
have you ever doubted doing YouTube I
actually started YouTube for fun because
is fun doing but obviously I have had
points where I've doubted it whether I
can do this full-time whether it's just
something on the side whether I'd have
to give it up to you know go get a real
job but I've never actually had that
moment where I've thought no I'm not the
YouTube anymore no not a lot I owe a lot
to Jay Jay and I think he did help me
get that initial boost which most people
don't get so obviously I did see
improvements very quickly and that did
help me want to do more so I can't see
how some people
doubt YouTube but at the same time you
do just have to keep going obviously I
know there's gonna be people out there
saying oh but we don't have hell you
shouldn't do it based on the fact that
you want to earn money from it you
should do it because you enjoy it and
that is actually why I started so yeah I
have doubted myself but I never actually
thought I'm gonna stop and you know what
I probably want what would you do if
someone stole your car yeah I've seen a
bit oh wait where's my car
you're with my car
I don't know who you are I don't know
what she wants but I will find you and I
will kill you oh thank you
do you want some yeah that works that
works nothing that worked sort of how do
you guys pick up girls
geez all right so basically what you do
what you do is you just say to her
excuse me you're nothing
