right as well and welcome to a challenge
is me and Vic we're playing together
this time not in a weird way we're
playing online on FIFA against some
random person and we are adding a little
bit of challenge now basically I played
it doesn't really do a little hello
daddy you click playing Fifa on Haley
you hold it control while fever's oh
yeah that's about it so the challenge is
only victim school so I'm trying my best
to get him to school right so we've
already played a game on bitch done
where I've kind of taught him a little
bit about beat but not not much but you
can check out any outro in the
description or just go on this channel
yeah so this yeah yeah I seen play this
is definitely gonna be difficult right
so before we get into a game if you guys
want to be on the team actually got one
even in the description usually might
get 5 cent discount as your yes you get
just team we were able to miss out
haven't you said I should pick like okay
you repeat just a team that means
something wow I'm from Sheffield oh no
we have to is your news birthday now is
that I went say what look whatever oh
okay
rice this does next day I here we go
yeah we're gonna stand out from the
crowd who reppin alibi jab hook the land
of butter right so Vic yeah this is this
is you see you and I kinda want to
school so you tell how do i score I've
to put it that's a new post uh sure
that's why just like that I see is you
might we're gonna go once I've already
like and think of my talent what yeah
it's a face no boys good boys you know
going SC sorry yeah like a surreal
here's the plan you just pass it around
yourself I can't give it to my composter
myself all right he's ready now he's
always proposed himself but it doesn't
know right I'm doing all right I'm
running I'm running I'm just gonna run
what is the path it can run make a run
they run foot they run take such a sure
sure
Green you guys never thought you'd see
the day I don't want to see the time ice
on the outside face hey on WoW expansion
he wasn't allowed to I'm not gonna allow
the other plan so as I do those that's
the cast causes another guy okay bigots
of you he's gonna turn
I'm here to shoot doctor back you just
tell you I'm into so wrong oh yes
gorgeous it ah
I'm gonna let go of this right trigger
we're going on here outside so it's a
shoe touch and then shoot no no let's
not touch take it touching these
controllers I was going to pass for you
but then I realized that you can store
your good customer and then I just been
anyway so I panicked I drove over here
I'm going to get short I'll be joining
the kid I'm good my data money where's
my lunch
I didn't pay worker yeah that was a
whose manager is bad to spam run
run to the goal inspection ready that
night okay run to the gone statue but
let's not spank you don't have a ball
that you run ahead run ahead you even
start running into vents
No
this is what you signed up for this is
another sign up for this I never signed
up for this I assumed you had thumbs and
keep running what's around some on a
t-shirt
no okay ChIP chip now facing the
reminder about how could you see the
ball if you're not pacing we come baby
come on it's all time I gotta do what
Wow look at that name on tacos yes he is
so slow yeah exactly like you guys see
what work and there's another working
with the best tools in a bad work with
lines these tools this is a little ooh
you're so bad
yeah okay let's run to phone straight go
straight each one straight needs me
rashon me a sure shot your one thing
earlier no I I like your thinking
Zuzu's awesome everybody oh no you take
it out why don't you go foul Oh last
time at Oh get ready shoot I did I
didn't want to know I did I did I did I
did
that Chris hey big run big run out with
this got this mascot look this guy's
great humans going it it is nothing he
wasn't here it was Sam lose him look I
want to throw him Oh hammer yeah
my school - oh no thank you
no no out go
how did he get through not Vic dick hey
hey this is this is gone Brendan Ava you
so ha ha ha
but we were so high no I have another
first time yeah ha ha ha ha - Wow Wow
ok we've lost anyway but that's a
consolation safe that's the fun of the
zoo
we lost now I wanna point fingers or
anything but if we count the one that I
scored in the practice thing okay guys
all for today unfortunately may be lost
but before this session we did a
learning to FIFA on dicks childhood she
can take out the outer in the
description on his channel so go check
that out
Bassel today you're switching and sure
wait wait wait Stu thank you oh yeah
it's beautiful like this flat bottom
here
