what's up guys and welcome to another
challenge which is a pretty basic
challenge but I've never done it I think
how freezing me I've done it but I'm
gonna try it and tag me anything I'm
just doing it because I want to
it is the no shooting challenge last
time I swapped to my Italian team Tim
what so I'm going back to the original
BPL team witches is it's so good I win
with it normally but for some reason
when I do these challenges I just turned
to shit now this one is actually just a
normal game except I can't shoot that's
only a quarter of the button so surely
this time with that hard
now before I stop you guys wanted the
ultimate team because she got one thing
calm in the description usually 5yi at 5
cent discount but his team looks pretty
decent his team it is yeah yeah I don't
know you know it's this is why expect to
come up against ok let's get a move on
let's get a move on this is see look I
can just play normal football you know
this shouldn't be that difficult
although playing no oh ok boom then what
do I do if it's a pedal you know that's
not a penalty but what do I do
I haven't thought this through oh my god
no do not pull it shut no yes yes
crosswalk I was testing so hard I think
I'm a 5 Garrard depth patois is a
monster today oh my god oh oh my oh
Michael SWAT is a monster oh no oh no no
that means I have to score as well ok
this is actually a chance lake Plus look
nope oh ok no goal an own goal counts
come on Sanchez come on alright you know
what you know turn in alright wait pus-y
there okay
okay pass boom oh my god that's halftime
that's halftime losing 1 nil I don't
know how you school I haven't had a shot
obviously that just proves it so I'm not
pressing the shoot button I need to
figure out a way to
school cuz else for a moment yeah his
name worked him again attack him go and
attack him right I thought I don't know
what to do I guess the only thing I
could try is testing that and before you
say that was a shot it wasn't that was
the other bug oh my days
no please go to I save me again or you
just missed the book but you know what
we're already going alter attacking
we're already going ultra in attacking
that's just shows that just shows how
hard it is the score because I have so
many players charging forward and I
can't do anything I almost feel like
this would be better if I had manual
partners just so it didn't go to my
player when at the goal at last 10 is
the last ten minutes one I know I can
score I just know it it'll be a
Christmas miracle
boom really enough for that one yes no
where's it okay boom no hazard Rhett no
why are you pulling our engine now white
go pass hot I'm lost
do not judge me by the stats okay
because they mean nothing because
obviously I haven't had a shot just
because I think I could have one and
also you guys probably want to see it
i'ma play one more and his team is
packed full edge oh my god these legends
okay look I'm already awake touch touch
boom boom
there's a goal I'm winning already I
told you I could do better again okay I
don't
oh I press the wrong button I pressed
well I pressed the right button but the
wrong button for heading Oh No slide
Jesus that is why you want a legend I
mean I still scored and I am drawing
again I'm not really sure what to do
when I get to this kind of position oh
wait ba oh my DOS no oh no I passed it
Oh boss no halftime and to prove none of
those the shots there we go one goal
zero shots
no-no-no ass shit cuz what is actually
insane today shit oh boy
JS that is the best clearance I have
ever seen in my life
Pass buh buh buh I'm just gone again I
have just scored another pass oh my days
I'm winning and I haven't had a sure
okay all right all right wait all right
all right - I mean past what I didn't do
anything
corn hazard hazard boss boom oh if I win
this game you guys better not start
saying like oh you passed into the girl
that still shooting cuz it's not okay
rule was no shooting okay I'm a little
bit of trouble right now I know he's
gonna end up no good suppose you let
that one in I will rule them oh that's
it that's it a draw - all I'm not sure
what happens what does that mean two
goals zero shots all right laughter now
assume oh my god it's extra time
my do not fuck your mum wrath how is he
gonna give a penny weaver beggin i died
away part-time of extra time and I'm
somehow to know how I'm losing I still
haven't had a shot as they screw it all
out attack is how it has to be done I
got 10 minutes left
coccioli cuz surely good what the fuck
is that there's one person you do not
want to be there it's Co Co need that's
it that's the game
fuck's sake cause yoni I'm not actually
annoyed that I've lost another challenge
I am purely annoyed because I could have
won that game without having a shot
screw these challenges man I'm a fun one
I can do
thank you guys for watching and shrimp
please Leonel please close up one more
before yes and it's parris it she's
actually decent in the same pack as lord
Bendtner as well heritage is actually
one of the disorder yeah he's very brave
of it yeah the Hummels
