right guys what's up and welcome to a
pack opening I don't see these that
often because I kind of overdid them a
bit but I have to do one today you know
why this is what boom in for maybe Carol
that's right no that's not right in form
Ibrahimovic Informer now though what
reason more does there need to be if I
get either one of them even if I get
informed Hummels or from juju psycho
hundred-mile so it seems Series last
year I will be ecstatic
now before I open the Pyke's if you guys
want any Ultimate Team Coins to try this
check out walking the dog in the
description usually party of had said
discount unfortunately there are no
special packs out so I'm opening these
seven and a half K packs but this is my
first pack so I'm hoping that the first
pack isn't actually that good because
normally when it is sick normally when
the first pack is good it means my pack
luck is bad for the rest of it so I'm
hoping this one's right I just got
salami in a pack come on Leonel messy
give me your rifle
give me all right now dope nope you want
to give me yourself against it man I
love free gold packs that have one or a
head gold cuz look how thick that is
come on Tim Howard give me an in-form
even with Josh's say fuck that was a
terrible save it look like I can I just
had like a little bit of a the seizured
say fuck this is such a great beard I
wish I could have a peeler I wish I
could ever be at all my peers
Ashley cool I'll take ya I haven't had
him before please the a please trav
someone good literally just one good
player that's Jordan Jordan and Gabi in
the same pack come on please Nene's semi
shit Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba Alaba
Alaba Alaba Alaba what are these packs
come on Griezmann just give me some all
good what no no you meet a beard like
why are you mocking me just cuz I can't
grow one whoa
Alvaro's banter yeah he's getting medal
for that name-o rackety first half
decent player today cargo plane with an
83 rated although I can if I don't get
anyone else okay I get another actually
go and I get Danny Elvis I can't go
pulling out of that pack three rare gold
players and Maxim forget about that but
actually cool and Danny Albers see you
will be the guy you gotta be the guy no
no my man yeah my nan doesn't actually
look like that by the way right we'll go
over the coin pack
okay you ready coin pack gets a bad pipe
there we go that's a bad patch Wow
that's know about that I'll take yours
off yeah my theory is kinda like ruining
itself are based on my logic this should
be a better pack though
is no bad although I think he was
informed last week
all right the pack luck seems to be
changed in Huntelaar dani alves Courtois
dear Keith hey he's not bad he must go
for a little bit because he is silver
now or not
what whatever let's call this cool man
right now's the time I'm gonna get some
good players it's gonna pop off now
ready I'm gonna get your pack in three
two one
foam done Warren Warren scores decent
plane I need something a little bit
better than that like now before I'll be
good to get him form right about meow
piss of salami
why why why Delilah
can't I get an in-form Polly please are
you feeling that you feeling that vibe
okay
alright now we're gonna get some of your
players that's it that's what I needed
it was a sign for me eh yeah let's go
okay here we go I'm on a good vibe I'm
on a good vibe ephra that's a good
player come on keep the vibe going keep
the vibe keep the vibe going get Rooney
you know sick player plays oh man you
light up front you know that's how we do
as long as the vibe is still going I get
good players
Matsui b83 record yeah I'm really
struggling with this vibe right now but
I'm still going I think I think the vibe
is dead just hunting for one that's all
I want it's just one inform before I
stop this yeah so goes to the end Benet
shady for ratings in the back still not
inform though which
what Nasri again a for rated not inform
now Cleveland he'll leave of one yes and
it's Perot sick she's actually decent in
the same Packers Lord Bendtner as well
heritage is actually one of the D Sasuke
he's not run out of yeah he's not even
with it yeah you know Hummels is he good
now he is good easy decent he's an
in-form is eighty-one records for ATT
pays eight five shot he's a good player
but now not so much
alright okay alright plan there ah stop
stop getting these actors in okay okay
that's one done another one done I'm not
really sure how wait come on come on
really been okay again oh oh
boom I miss
