click subscribe before the video starts
that's right make sure you subscribe I
have just gone to the gym as I said I
would in my last vlog I know you don't
believe me and now I didn't record
anything of me in the gym but I did
hence my new showered status I mean it
isn't that time out you know didn't just
shower cuz I didn't just wake up I shout
three times today so next up where are
my keys
try under the couch no way no way oh my
god my car my car he's actually under
the couch
what the hell Alexa I could kiss you hmm
I don't know that rejected again dammit
rejected again right the other day I was
just looking at porn hub and I was you
know searching for my normal thing of
slender looking guy I'm on porno I had
to you know guys of it because there's a
lot of other porn like around here and
stuff but I'm a technically a porn star
now so ladies this is just embarrassing
jump cut alright so what we're doing
today is we're doing the sidemen rap
challenge so I have three other
competitors here I've dropped the diss
track so I'm qualified we have the man
behind genius next up we have toby team
scre he did a freestyle in his Oscar
Oscar he did a freestyle in his blog
that he is fully qualified I was hard
bass the only person to drop two actual
diss track see is there a little
something can I be big that's big birds
sick that little skirt logos on my lil
men within one-liners so like if I
starve and Ethan has to say about to
match it Tobias they about to match it
just as a bar to match it I say a bar to
match it as well and if it makes it all
the way around there and Ethan switches
up so you do five bars
I know shit before but yeah we do five
suits yeah okay I know I could smell it
you fired in Toby's blood he said he
dropped some fire and then fired he
dropped it like it's hot all JJ can rap
about is the fat that are more heavy
jjcc has got a big belly Oh JJ raps
about is the fat but more heavy a
thousand America I'd be whipping in the
Chevy hey let's all go to the pub and
get a bevy now they're coming on the
spot just standing on a rug like you
face does this guy think he's a thug
I'll leave him in a date he was walking
around the main sherbets those got
better hit the plays just looking kind
of hairy I think he needs a shave now
you can change it what we do is wrap the
guests back man lats homie here all
blacked out I don't play fee for anymore
so then close packed out JJ posts
earthquake that shit was whacked out
chair male is this I'm all sidemen
swagged out there on your camera you
should give it a clean I'm feeling like
Kanye on that ultralight beam I might be
from Essex bar don't say Reem the views
came to the team visit fake nah fam it's
real
I want it to go with our dream bro we're
going off a real game after we start
again
yo Simon put a hole in the door I don't
even know anymore
her game is a bore well you wanna start
yeah
the pattern in the game is a bore so
we're ending their contestants we have
big day and booked I have just booked a
trip to Germany for games come now I
wasn't really planning on going but it
is actually now booked and I leave in
four hours so I'm gonna go catch sleep
but I need the pack I'm only there for
like two days so that's one t-shirt they
might get cold that's probably a jumper
okay there we go there's my jumper
that's all sorted hey wait I'm actually
wearing that number right now oh no yeah
I just need sleep now so random lady hit
him with it transition and I smell bad
right now this is my room bed TV
absolutely nothing else to show
oh is this fancy basically I stink right
now so I'm gonna get changed then head
out and find nap and Tobias and I to
know who else I'm headed to the famous
Instagram sport we go here every single
time it's the cathedral if you guys
don't know by the way we come here every
single year and most likely by the
Tundra's videos gone up I probably would
have Instagram me in front of it so yeah
that's why it's the papers
Cathedral and then actually know what it
is and I've run into these two well I
was actually waiting for Nick thanks
said earlier I don't need these guys
anymore because my best friend Nick he's
Canadian - so you know we get on well we
understand each other
handsome canadian now I'm just gonna
move on unlike this guy what what are
those my trainers know I'm doing the
meme Oh what are those trainers and I
wear them on my feet nice and that is
that obviously I've been on the night I
don't really want to record that kind of
stuff so I don't end this look we want
you get your friend - yeah my friend we
go I was a good idea what should I do
lay that hot fire thanks hundred woman
one
