what's up guys and welcome to the best
video ever obviously this is good this
is taking a while because to make it the
best video ever
we've got spent some time making it I
have thought about what's put in this
video and I kinda came to the conclusion
that there should be challenges some of
the other side man everything and yeah I
also have to say thank you guys for
millions of showers cuz that's just
that's just huge isn't it so I had to
make this big now something that
happened in this very kitchen was hairy
tried to go to Chile challenge and her
yeah you guys wanted me to so here we go
you going right let's say thank you to
everyone who's ever been in my videos
like video sharing video anything and
don't see the citement now hurry Toby Oh
Ethan thank you so much dying now the
three who lived here mix that one two
three actually really hot chisel it now
that was mixed up Josh
obviously thank you too Josh
but uh yeah thank you thank you the job
so it doesn't go Chile's killing me man
now judge me okay sigh I've known him
the longest out of everyone he was the
reason I actually got into YouTube so I
can give him a huge thank you
oh my god so JJ Thank You Man come here
JJ shit oh shit oh oh now that loves
people to think are you guys for my
million subscribers and click hit me
Danny without you obviously but I hope
this video there's up to everything you
wanted yeah I'm actually dying but I
know what you wanted me to skydive but
that's not me so I thought I'd leave it
up
I have you guys in this video Thank You
fortune and
random walk for fatal Falls right the
one Tillotson up closer to my dearest
you
