Figo Oh goody-goody
we're winning Tommy salmon are you are
you serious
this keeps happening so we need to
figure out a way that this can't happen
okay cuz well I don't know who it's to
blame and I'm sure done I'm sure you I
hope it's not me no we need to figure
out a way that this can't happen
oh sure Simon I'm on my way I'm on my
Evernote coming here I'm right now I'm
leaving right now
alright see you in a sec so now we're
next to each other will start Toby the
hires work for real that wasn't
pre-planned anyway we are now seeing
next to each other with starting this
series again so that now it's not either
of our fault if it quick okay so we're
both to blame it's still your fault
it's but we're both to blame we gave
away mainly here before we start if you
guys want to heal 20 coins check out war
fever cough in the description using a
five-year five cent discount a night and
leave further two teams we're gonna be
today you guys need to let us know who
you want us to be in the next episode in
the comments the most liked comment will
be the ones we use right Toby sit next
to each others a whole new game it's not
it's still be the same but it's the same
game but it's it's a new feeling this is
getting weird let's go okay ready you
read you read good looking
let's go go girl - English hi I'm ready
really great Haitian whoa wait let's go
let's go oh okay no but of it the third
still palpable oh no referee really wait
what oh oh boy time oh great I'm great
yeah yeah hey not gonna tackle him Toby
scary's gonna pay us Donna good no Toby
luckily I don't move no it's not
this isn't this car be part of the moon
oh yeah to a black one this is the black
one
oh all right
I go go - come on oh no what near post
I'm absolutely terrible oh that was
actually just a really good sleep
I wish is with with harsh with polishing
Oh No why is that work Oh
no no no yelling no yeah put him that
really bad for Indus hahahaha time
outside I have another Chantal here yeah
we've had poor yeah there you go look at
this play look at this play
oh oh oh I saw you sign the challenging
oh no that's not a foul or a go okay I'm
good on they'll run all the way son no
way I'm not really because I see oh I've
seen a bull I know
Antonucci place is still going they
still going
Oh wake up ah side trap there we go
bring the phones nice that's nice
now you go play that's nice are we drunk
look at that keep looking oh this is
it's a sport I'm Billy Ray won we won so
that's the first game that's the first
thing I saw next up is your team Manny
night right Wheatly one with the leads
so all I'm saying I pulled my weight
when we paid leads in fact that's called
both the girls all I'm saying is if I
score like six own goals its United's
 I didn't do it leads so yeah good
luck with that
ah so many no heat resulted ready
weekend you'll blue double D done let's
go go go alright got it that's a bit
soft it's a bit soft bar me go there we
go
hey y'all can oh oh
killin Oh Oh heaven destroy his life I'm
sorry
oh yeah Wow Wow
where's the pause oh wait on consignment
yes it's it oh come on uh believe no
referee whistle man why have you believe
okay that's cause I'm we're gonna just
come out fightin more than ever we
haven't hit the targets haven't had a
shot yeah but we haven't hit the targets
like I swear to tell you this often
scaring right let's go sweetums yeah I
know I know until here we go keep going
keep going suck sigh come on
yes sir oh yeah we run that run your run
promise oh you oh you yeah it wasn't me
we can school when we won yeah we just
you know we were just in once a school
yeah man make me some rain of you guys
uh uh uh yeah we just conceived him what
when we won where I was conceived but
what is going on right now look that
he's gonna head no he's gonna win the
head off
oh my god Oh tactical changes size and
tactical well one tactical change but we
change formation up yeah we did okay
plan and okay boom Wow cows what time of
the game tactical genius ooh there we go
gone sire yes oh my great great still
promise will you
okay that's all you have a new bus right
boom won't play oh my god matter later
matter
oh no you're for the last minute his
friend Blair oh I don't understand what
that doesn't hit the target that's it
that's actually here oh my god one down
right so you got four points anyway it's
not I've been sick it could have been
sick my bad yeah we only need eight more
points so hopefully two more episodes
and we'll be a division ten pretty quick
hopefully you guys are glad to have us
back and you guys need to let us know in
the comments what teams you want us to
play with demos like comments with the
teams we play with thank you watching
thanks being here and we finally finally
playing make latch other you know that's
weird but anyway let's watch it hand
shriyak nice cool is amazing I mean I
know he didn't score I should have just
carried on with him but I know he did
all that they're gonna be the fastest
quit I've ever done in this series is it
is it it's not but I will make him quit
ah come on I want to make him quit I'm
determined that bet
are you an idiot I got a nice little
chance flaming oh my god cooler you're
terrible wait or is he
