what's up guys and welcome to another
solo amigo video next time I will try
and get another one on the side man on
this but for today you just got me on my
own so as usual let's try find some
friends yeah thank you from Oh America
was that was America you don't know what
America did
no was America very good I'm from my
mom's vagina I mean oh god oh god you
guys thought you were gonna get away
without seeing my bait today now she's
here she's always sick
hey bro everything in what why the fuck
bro what are you getting change I'm
crying and change them can't judge them
I don't want to feel you hey you ain't
gonna kill me from I mean they can eat
good yeah he was a nice gem
this is this there's a mouse this it's a
rat it's a rat on you I don't want to
make do I did that so I did you put fat
purposes you stole it
yo yo yo matinee you look like a giraffe
trying to eat you lose yeah yeah you're
gross
you guys Nicki Minaj what are you doing
yeah oh I'm a computer no shit my goat
amigo you looking for you looking for
some girls I'm gonna come for some pussy
yeah yeah this is your dick out right
now
whoo stupid fat Hobbit sauce you stole
it
you stole the dr. pepper here this guy's
possessed
why is he sucking a dick no you got a
bogey
you got a bogey hang in there it's a big
silver bogey you might a wipe it oh now
you stopped please I want to sing along
my snake is bigger you saw our video of
us two from two days ago all we did with
it your new shoe leather red shoes Oh
where's the meter one has YouTube okay
yeah yeah we didn't do a red one what
kind of ice cream do you like July
vanilla or chocolate I think she knows
where this is going
yeah I'm kind of pink I'm Pizza then I
think I win yeah this is like a new kind
of streaming why he's hanging on amigo
bye Matt well they're actually listening
you say that but there's no one with you
what is he holding what are you doing my
skin this is garlic I'd keep a dog from
a previous life what is that oh yeah
Eminem and jay-z yeah yeah oh yeah
believe that you me read while we got
you that's new yeah this is so romantic
i'ma cry I'm a cross-eyed turning down
their clunky Miley as well
that's my bet you'll to go okay you have
a choice of three people you have to
choose between me and or big Stiles
brother okay where do you choose ha ha
whatever uh um one to the right mm-hm
yeah
then your bracelet no no you don't know
black he is african-american
yeah I think I should come in your
bedroom and like standing us to war not
fit in with the wall I am I'm pretty
much that sure you don't write your
pretty pink I am pink is Norbury
strawberry on it
yeah yeah I'm strawberry picking up this
is caramel and together we are ice cream
yes Neapolitan everyone's here good job
so she's like grumpy Daniel writes a is
about half eight in the morning we have
just woken up it is the first day
