my head a mess what is this then G
ungrateful does the only pull out this
stuff all right that should do so den
she's released a diss track again
now I'm sorry I don't want to react to
diss tracks but this is die happy this
is at me I have to react to this this
last one was awful so let's see if you
can do it again
deadly don't let me down now okay before
anything even if this is bad
I respect edgy a little bit more because
he's using this be pickup Swift are we
cool bro alright let me hear it
I'm ready oh my little lightning bolt oh
wow first leader gee that lightning
bolts cool secondly lay off the pies
yeah different here now
outside of the shit you've everything
like you think me you just feel great
you might as well gee you know to be
straight version of groups people me not
writable you what sister you look like a
bitch made version of grew what the fuck
you want apology also not sure that's
how sex works like she didn't spit it
doesn't go in mouth to get pregnant dead
I know Lyla rack it up rise of Russia
shorter attack begin fucked if he's not
ended up in a clinic this is not used to
running for dry fuck you keep on your
side okay I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm I'm sorting this first no fucking
you gonna say that I spend YouTube money
on drugs anyone knows me okay I am aunty
drugs you know I like the old cow pole
on that lot if you don't know what that
is it's a delicious that medicine
although I haven't had it since I was
like two now I actually look like a
druggie that was really weird I'm gonna
stop this sale just clearly watch j-jane
Harry's and gone what was the most
hard-hitting line drugs I'm gonna go
with that side of the druggie
oh I don't touch drugs I'm disappointed
in you specially as you started with
everything like using fabricate lies to
seem sick all right carry on YouTube
money for pain that epoxy faces
my fee you receiving using a sovereign
we're just happy for making watching a
visit like deja vu be saying like you
know all watching your videos like the
same thing over and over again
no one will cause the shit that you do
what are you talking about what god I'm
so confused edgy also we just take a
second to look at his dance moves
yeah yeah kind of call me out on views
but I see right through your irrelevant
when it's just you I mean I'm not gonna
argue it I don't know if that's true I
mean the same goes for you realistically
doesn't it ya know that's the thing I
didn't I've already said to the other
guys if he comes back with anything
better
remotely better said she definitely
hired someone to listen to it or write
it for her
let's break this down okay he gave
everything to me brand clothing
I ran JJ's clothing line okay yes he was
very very nice and he let me do it but
at the same time I did work house to
house that I'm really confused as dead
you gonna tell me that he thinks that JJ
bought this house are we really going to
have a whole riceland situation all over
again and you live in the house shaded
I'm not saying I'm not grateful but he
didn't buy this house
whereas deadly I seem to believe the
last house you lived in JJ pointed out
in a video that he paid off the mortgage
the house you were living in so hmm
and isn't tank just the shit version of
beefs which is your brand which is your
clothing like so realistically Deji
you're insulting yourself right here.we
nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope
nope no I very rarely ate at the
Olatunji household not in like a mean
way I'm just saying when he said they
bred and fed me firstly do we look like
do you think that your parents bread
meat secondly I bought you nuggets I fed
you
about the perfect fit of a private
school now the M&M copying you're
actually doing a private school yeah
good one Teji learn to get some lyrics
of your own bro
yes edgy because you went to uni oh wait
at least you got a levels oh wait but at
least you've got a good GCSEs oh wait he
didn't get any of these your JJ bitch
anyway I'm someone forefront you know
Sarah I win - Sarah
see nice fellow
yeah no I get the joke that's not normal
I fucking the cubicle and otherwise
better care and hurry your name I really
tried this writing drugs a charity match
you fucking bread who did that
I'm out of be
that was awful what did I like what I
actually witnessed I don't I honestly
don't know what's the response saying
well this is fucking shit this is dead
this is shit is this JME was this a diss
track you're dead G you might want to
get on to approving comments again
because um yeah I'm just saying cuz any
of this actually real like he said I
fabricate lies I'm pretty sure and
everything I said was real
there's racking up lines of errors sure
lie using YouTube money for drugs lie
you're relevant when it's just you okay
maybe maybe that one is true that one
actually might be true ghostwriter lie
then you stop Eminem's flow for a little
bit talk about me going to uni which you
didn't do you didn't even go to college
or sick form or anything and then you
just shut a load of shit about you
booing in a year I don't know what to
say guys I think I'm just gonna have to
end it there I'm not replying to this
it's not worth my time I might write
something for fun in my spare time but
no I'm not going to be doing another
diss track or am i I'm not am i I'm not
I'm really not stop with the job all
right okay that's all for today guys
thank you very much for watching I'm
sorry you had to witness this with me
but I have to suffer you guys have to
suffer too so yeah thanks for watching I
hope you guys had a good day and this
song hasn't ruined it but yeah I watch
it
the ice tonight you too
