alright guys we are on to insomnia I 53
and it is now one note it's 12 p.m. and
you just almost which ya know I was
talking about downstairs about something
yeah anyway the light's gone it's over
here oh yeah fuck this rain this right
anyway anyway we'll see you guys getting
a job it's like a pregnant woman giving
birth you're trying to push me in the
wrong direction in the fucking hurts
so most friends are waiting with that
anybody's friends why we just stopped
off it is now
no it's caught one block my face is up
here just making sure it's online you
see that I'm not even holding it that's
no longer sigh get jgies now my camera
man this is a maybe good change for the
movie my face is up here but it is 20
pass - we are stopped yet wedge man has
to eat wedge food Vic is a they can't
open things anyways yeah we will be
there in
so if that's okay
Yeah right he made it to the hotel
everyone is here here's my room tour
that is a toilet this is far from that a
toilet and that is the rest of the room
that that is the end of her Jessie
haha everyone's here so just like grumpy
Daniel gonna be right say is about half
eight in the morning we have just woken
up it is the first day of insomnia as
you can here he is showering and yeah
we're going in now to sell we have a
booth much stand and signing booth
everything you'll see when we get there
but I'm knackered we will go in around
five a.m. and is now eight as I said so
we have had the really I wanna sleep
today is going to be long but I get to
meet you guys so it's gonna be a lot of
fun let's see how it goes I don't know
where you bring your game within once a
local bar set out
- me yeah you know my face Jamie Adam
and I don't care what
our mixtape drop is how you perform with
your one stage smell right so we have
arrived have it a good shake no shake
anyway we're here to set up our booth we
were here yesterday
yeah it's pretty cool that is that as
the booth we have so far nothing is on
there yet I will show you it in a minute
when it is done jump walk not jumping
the tables no those are twitch booths as
well we're going to be stripping out all
day although by the time you see this it
will be done wait no you're not jumping
it alright so we here we go armorstand
look at this two days I've got got
posters that's on base there that's me
you've got this poster that's me there
we got these that's me that effectively
thank you and wait where am I on this
one
Yeah right we're doing a meet-and-greet
now me Ethan and Toby
I've got given us your name well he's
not impressed so wants to show me a
magic trick so I'm gonna put pressure on
him go say stop I can take a look at
that today there's guard this guard
there we go there we go oh they're
coming where yeah
oh you have nothing so you guys are tape
okay okay
boom is that sexy hand first let's get
it out with the color okay okay the next
one's going to tell me
aha yeah I feel like it's already worked
about the next one fish shall we the
bias is attack yeah yeah okay and the
last one is an X but the funny thing is
that this is a next this is an
the hotel yo the date boy I know when
Jamie's a hot boyfriend no when Jamie
shows fuck man oh good one of grandeur
oh I believe this good point at which
day my name is BG big 720p 180 work
jersey cohn even uploading 1080
now go it was a weasel
it makes me is more we know how I ever
eaten Bridget
obviously I have
apparently I'm now a cricket look it is
John the head of the US that was awesome
man okay three two one
when it's late
flowers they're drunk to be walking on
that maybe you should call it quits but
until that day let's we can't jump
all right
we make more noise for facebook
this is the next video
I've ever we want and ain't nobody that
can get in our way
oh it's all good it's alright it's okay
we'll do whatever we want they're gonna
listen to a word you say
my friends grew up they never get drunk
they never wanna hang out lead they're
gonna get jobs they're gonna pay bills
they're gonna get holding back finish
something up in a day to go to Frank
your buddies move above a buckle be
cheap bread dough you know Red Nosed
Reindeer
we got circa cazuca and Lewis that's Big
Brother
that's shifty
how does the so we there's missus
brother yeah shit right so we just
finished our dinner we are now headed
back to the ricoh arena that is right
there looking go we go casino gonna win
some big money right I'm putting in us
I'm walking what 12 pound 50 that's
pretty much the end of the trip so after
this I guess I'm going back to the
hotel's gonna sleep in and heading home
yeah so we lost but uh yeah that kind of
concludes the whole trip so I don't know
if I'm metal isn't there but if I did it
was nice to meet you if I didn't I'll
see you in the next one hopefully to be
a bustle today so hey guys for sick
weekend and let's hope there's more to
come so right let's go okay so this is
what buttons atrocious controls I've
changed spring to why because how are
you going to spray my up then nice or
ket shoot as one of these do runs but he
only plays classics I've changed it to
return it so that's been a bottom over
and then I've changed the rest of them
as well to some random ones but yeah his
turn right so what should we do to get
control let's go
