right guys what's up welcome to random
button control FIFA I'm learning it's
Josh basically I'm going to change all
of his buttons so that he has no idea
what he's doing he's going to do the
same to me and then I'm gonna play
against each other with random teams and
see who can win before against that if
you guys want to be also a team but you
can watch people in the description use
when you buy you get five set discount
Josh fuck off give me a controller all
right let's go
okay so this is what dozens of Josh's
controls I've changed spring to why
because how are you going to spray my
been nice or ket shoot as one of these
two runs but he only plays classics I've
changed it to return it so that's been a
bottom over and then I've changed the
rest of them as well to some random ones
but yeah his turn right so what should
we do to his control let's think about
this right bug attack one way this is
hard as possible for him so perfect
estoppel is the shoot let's make it
something so randomly and get so maybe
let's go with the class by LT best one
totally I need it for Toby move them to
round guess who's a d-pad to move his
players message to get right so we're
going to stick to the video and just
randomize one back here three two one
round ok ready 3 2 1
full oh my fuzzy that's like even game
ok you ready for this good luck oh I
don't know
please say I scoffs I know what art is
but no you change much I didn't know you
change let's change okay let's get I'll
see his part as well as the Omashu well
sprint what's Pring what makes you boys
how do you shoot ah no no you can stop
these do
shoot yeah this is why should I love
nature I thought let's remove it fantasy
move shoot full sprint play oh okay oh
sure
oh that's the wrong who the shoals Wow
oh oh oh shoot
yes white even watch me haha yeah how's
that look happy
no just give me the bull you know it you
can't sprint and pass at same time now
that's been done that's what you've done
to this little hoppy your dick turns it
back on the d-pad yeah yeah that is
pretty bad what are you putting your
manual shooting this what are you
probably hung about you guys I'll spell
it out do is that's me nothing dirty you
cut out okay good right well yeah plan
plan and then oh oh oh ah Thomas I'm
gonna you know okay good afternoon you
know I trust you got shot I've got
another show I don't know what we keep
up I mainly want a stupid I don't know
what's princes you think why am i what
am i tall Sprint's atomos Prince again
is over I think I think you're over I
don't know who shot us oh oh oh
game changer tonight I've just found the
sprint button give me some space please
be oh my god right
shut up no no you know what is the toys
oh okay let's go people
No are you dead fuck me the recluse no
no you know right so somehow I lost I'm
not sure how solution just got very
lucky under their bed no stop
all right trying to match I just got
lucky let them just got love you just
got nothing right that's all for today
Thank You Joyce for the game you got
lucky beware uh yeah sure mother will
seem to be doing and will turn a video
on josh's channel which is going to be
something like this but not this you
understand what I mean you understand me
if you know what we're doing but anyway
thank you guys for watching and shoot oh
you get you did sick do sick
you didn't say yeah yeah yeah yeah turn
it turn it
oh right flip book it wait wait wait and
turning the play oh my god
