hey guys and as many of you may know I
don't have a girlfriend
if you didn't know then how are you did
yeah oh yeah so for some stupid reason
we thought I should get my makeup done
and these guys volunteers yeah they're
gonna I'm not gonna say do things to my
face because that sounds really weird
but they effectively aren't gonna do
things to my face
we're gonna make you a fabulous fabulous
you ready bit um I don't know any of
this stuff means I've got a pencil
see what he knows first got orange stuff
this is going to make your eyes John Oh
Oh extra eyelash boring stuff
we are grab a load of paint brushes we
are falling sick poor little never buys
is a paintbrush those are the same
pretty much don't forget this and we've
got I don't even know I don't even know
what that is the stache oh you're gonna
get the rim over you're getting at the
London look assignment Oh God ha ha
why don't I groove with this always look
good just worry about him
let's try and josh is the expert who
just watches all those makeup videos on
YouTube you watch is all makeup guys
I've had a girlfriend before years old
but for but vote anyway right so big
whipping honored fit watching you start
with um start with the foundation Oh
like you're building morons don't pound
a on it do it so you'll come back
to me my hair up a little better black
minute game sorry this is the pension
victory tonight I have a thing for the
ladies test fits in but yeah there you
go
you got all pain are you sure you're up
to this foundation brush bro how do you
have a shin rather edit that I'll apply
more is oh my god
throughout time always like one of the
girls that on a nightclub what a nice
yeah i crush what are you done so much
you've got this face looks like i ran
aground a good thing so you guys trying
to make me look you just try maybe look
like I'm ready for you love you you
might why are you trying to make it so
like I'm a hot girl or you trying to
make it to say I'm ready for a club
you're ready for a great photo issue
what it covers my cousin information now
you put foundation before website
through the good please know what you
doing mm yeah and then why wait Venice
Connie's face happiness video how are
you going on firm awesome all about it
ha ha
okay I'm ready for this you ready do it
why are you are you putting it tarnished
gives a nice light you'll see it's a
nice contour in contour your cheekbones
I'll solve it your guys get everyone out
look in a contour alright we go to
competition your food at five of us
together cheekbones up oh my god why I'm
generally still confused why I agree to
this right because yo-yos you see
quickly you look kind of good Nick is
doing my whole side of the place you
want to be even all right
you're going to be changing to Krypton
is one side eat I like this could be a
good Christmas tree look at you someone
signing nice I don't resistance started
it myself
I'm scared about how seriously Josh is
taking this home you outside of that huh
that's what you get what you guys pull
and I got I got that hand so I'm gonna
be doing some drawing today okay what'd
you draw this is an eyeliner pencil what
it is an art class what you're drawing
what is he drawing other acraman one you
drawn this when I look at this in retard
they just colored it in your paper
painting by numbers okay and I need it
like this okay to hand me that I'll show
you how oh here you go there again not
what Ricky I don't trust it please yard
I'll show my cousin your son Josh I'm
winning yeah will you stop your ecology
but you're walking progress comes finish
off with one oh my god ha ha ha ha
like things look like a kids class
really think the babies you got it
tonight we got now we got out tonight
sure oh my god like this you'll be lady
Silent Bob you'll get free entry for
that's good free drinks a liar
this is what I'll buy you drinks clear
we're paper that is together to a
balanced budget is awesome
you see some Josh aside I know any my
side I'm such an amateur like you should
have done the line is gone you're faking
it it's not the each side of the
restaurant you know you don't extended
his lip to make you look at the bigger
get on something but there's usually you
know what hold up dude
god I call the mini Joker mini Joker was
a smiley face
let's done my impression you think of
any that could you not know if I'm
longer is it symmetric symmetric
knowledge right now I need to mention
yeah but the rest of my face this wake
up stop just stop baby nice good just
need to act your hair think of it yeah
your hair did you short really if you're
like messing with my eyes you can't look
out on one side you look a bit like a
lesbian right now I think now a part of
like your Janet Jackson or someone I
feel like Johnson genuinely turned on no
wait Oh God I got you guys didn't even
get a make up you just done it as like a
horror character this should have been
on my Alawis video see you choose the
slap row
throw away Emily go Emily but every one
micron iike an equal a freak what
my name is afrin equal apparently way
from another you guys choose my heart
things done not this plot this panic not
veggies long it for this love it like a
stuff I wanna know who you guys thought
bit of that girl so this heart here this
is Vic this is Josh let us know in the
comments who you thought they're bad job
and now we also did some videos on their
channels unfortunately it wasn't this
but yeah hahaha the videos let's chat
not in the description or in the outro
see you guys a UH
