another district has dropped and firstly
guys I want to say sorry I want to say
sorry because I have been doing a lot of
reaction videos on here and I know
obviously a lot of people don't want to
see them but the sad fact is a lot of
people do and I do enjoy doing them so I
promise you guys that soon I will be
returning through regular content I'm
not allowed you guys while it's there I
want to do it sounded weird today we
have a lota sure these drop the video
called ksi expose this is in retaliation
to little boy from JJ we're trying to
get involved common a common assault
report now at Harry's turn Harry
obviously goes very savage and then JJ
has replied words you know an equally
savage tune and now it's Harry's turn to
up the level I don't want to know I'm
actually kind of scared about this high
we go at least to gave the parental
advisory warning okay and the apologize
to his mum everything in this video
straight back that I will be the judge
of this okay he's known about sister
JAMA waves that guy by the way just to
clear this up guy behind them off by the
way Paris he's the guy who like reduced
all the music genius he's a genius all
right there we go no he's really letting
us really letting us wait I mean Alan is
videos 2 minutes 46 and he doesn't even
side all right carry on his first life
oh my god oh
this track or all music creature I
didn't even near right don't be closed
on us flaky Adam all right I'm gonna be
on this so far right how are you going
hard in terms of content the flow is
questionable we talked about you know
tongue twisters and Nursery Rhymes
but this is a creature that is a nursery
rhyme if still it's still good don't get
me wrong I'm not like that I mean I'm
just a bystander right now I mean your
Joe Cocker by chlamydia more times when
you talk and you and your brother fuck
the same chick about you you must be
mistaken
apparently you go for private education
I went to the same school
ha ha ha I invent anything I think'll
anyone polish say what Harry went hard
of the video like you've gotten on
green-screen a video disclaimer I never
went to Ibiza I was not with them at
this point I don't know what they are
talking about I think I need to lie down
this is this is honestly getting too
much comeback that I had a second to
think about it and I'm back
that he wrote about her you know what
I've actually heard this song I don't
think it's bad is that super for you
love and hate always hide our issues
what we would only take honestly the
songs about it's very deep song but yeah
okay no obvious and I love in my life
buying JJ oh my god well I mean I mean
it's out there we may as well talk about
it now right I mean that is that is my
name
that is why what's up I'm gonna be
honest with you guys I did fuck up at
this point of a see I have nothing
against JJ but I did send this I know it
says today that that is a lie this was
screenshotted on the day
yeah I'm not I'm not a liar I was kind
of there like oh he doesn't he doesn't
either side man you know I admit I've
fucked up and I apologize to jay-z now
so yeah I'm sorry I have no words except
thanks for fucking baby me Ari anyway
carry on with the video it flows like
it's like going in a now of okay
is he going to end with a bang uh-oh I
was expecting a little bit more for the
you know the last the last line okay um
what guys I don't know what's going on
I go involved exit like accidentally how
he just asked me to the picture I sent
it to him I'm sorry and that is yeah
that that's me done I'm out of this I'm
I'm my hands they're not clean but I'm
wiping them clean okay I'll probably
send to me now I don't know but I'm not
reacting I fight up whatever I mean
that's that's it but that was that was a
lot of information to take in I think
I'm saying I'm going to go have a nap
and just think about what has been said
I'm out I'm out
that's that's me done that's I'm out of
the rap game forever please although
dead you might reply to me so I probably
react to that so
no no
no sure
