right guys what's up and welcome to UK
versus USA whatever this is cool now I
don't even know me and Jesse always play
against each other we use opposite teams
we've done like goalkeepers strikers
things like that today is left mid and
left wingers versus right back and right
wing backs so I am bringing you the left
wingers and left needs she will bring
you her left wingers and live nerds and
yeah but for now we're getting into my
game before I do if you guys want any on
to a team cause you got one thing calm
in the description use me anybody a 5
cent discount this is my team so you
know I went for a little hybrid between
a BPO and the BBVA Alissa design team I
got some pace I got some good shooting
was surely up front six or four and out
of itching goal and obviously hazard is
here with David Silva this team is a
stop guys I'm I'm free so let's just see
o-22 chem I've won Oh Danny others
oh I've one of one of one it's fine you
need chemistry I've won you would I
didn't go for chemistry I went for
physicality I can tell I'm gonna try to
body you okay here we go
yeah check it out get me try to get me a
bit faster than you oh you're joking
Gooch I'm playing look at this Oh likely
freeze waiver Oh nah
Vanderbilt this is white black get in
front of him you guys are supposed to be
able to be petrol petrol you're not ripe
I can go love to do a shoot no no no
you're gonna look boom I should I have
to finish all over the picture should be
able to spend everything come on now
no no nonononononono the golf IQ one nil
go my god I didn't think that was
actually gonna go in you can't stop me
you can't stop me let go my kid I'm in
the gun oh my god ha Jesus oh we get
shot ever
uh-uh we can't catch him cock oh ok
don't worry about him
I do you have a right back and go yeah
early yes you're about to sit there and
say something funny and they you said
that to you that is an assist for me
that is not penalize you every time ho
what I grabbed the ball I go oh there's
no way there's no way there's no way
nothing you try to kick me those two it
was the first trip where do you want me
to put it just put it up in there all in
the middle yeah yeah okay you're gonna
put the middle
I think I'm stupid oh my god must be the
King here right great ah oh oh my god I
just got done so bad oh that was
terrible oh my god oh I caught I caught
up oh my god I'm so so sorry P this is
this is this is this is just this is
just I'm actually I'm actually in pain
right now I mean you're in pain you're
the one oh my god oh you didn't even do
that my keeper did that accessories
you're not then it came back in that's
ridiculous
oh my god five mil oh my god I mean to
do that
how didn't you do that well borrow Oh am
I just walking oh jeez oh shit yes
give me that corner you're celebrating a
corner I am because I'm an insider I'll
be a staple actually me do this watch
this this probably won't actually work
oh no with with right back Sinbad Oh
No I can't even like begin to understand
what even just happened right there it's
not really that big of a difference
though you just happen to be better at
finishing blow I'm Lee I am looking
where you've been shooting from and uh
that one no god no
why is my whole team playing like their
dingbat oh truck oh I tried the rainbow
flick over your goalkeeper you would
have done that auto cried the fuck get
rid come on now guys play defense oh
dear oh you're gonna work your luck shit
fuck it doesn't even matter it was a
failure
it worked that is so ridiculous haha oh
I see you was he on oh my god I don't
know if he was please go
keep ah come on get that what you need
to calm down
oh my god could you get out of the way
no it was calm yes yes yes I go me I got
me you're gonna pass it on here exactly
there here we go oh oh he's on bail now
he's on down here this hedgerow you know
I'm gonna do this you're not gonna do
this me you're not good yeah oh my god
okay there we go
game done well I demand a rematch okay
well if you want to see the rematch it
will be on just these channels so you
can either check it out as the outro or
in the description thank you guys
watching and sweet oh yes oh no oh oh
freezy Gries gree the grief oh no what
is oh this is so my game
