do a swaggy intro no swag
that's terrible anyways way sup guys and
welcome to a Q&A I haven't done one of
these since I did one with Josh I think
hopefully you guys all enjoyed that
anyway but yeah let's get straight into
the questions are you gonna do a 1
million subscriber special video right
well first up I just want to say thank
you guys so much for a million
subscribers this is my million
subscriber video but I have to say thank
you guys because I never thought I was
gonna hear billion now as for my million
subscriber video it is in the works you
will know when it's out because yeah it
definitely will be something special but
it may take a while when I say a while I
don't mean like two years I mean more
like a week or two weeks but yeah if you
guys want to let me know some
suggestions what you want to see in that
million subscriber videos I can add to
it let me know in the comments below and
yeah I really want to make it work there
for you guys because you guys obviously
got me here so I don't want to let you
guys down so yeah I'm have to pull
something other bag for this how do you
kill ksi at night JJ
JJ
JJ
- JJ
JJ
JJ what was your reaction when you saw
hashtag Alex from Target trending I
couldn't give a less of a how does it
feel being the only one in the house
that's not verified honestly they bully
me ever do my mum verified how are you
charmed in blue baby you're bad you
can't sit yellow bus welcome you want
you verified now you verified you know
what so what are you doing sitting there
corner you go your place that's right
you turn big buddy
what your favorite color blue now I'm
just kidding red if you had to die
anyway other than old age what would it
be
rice if I had to die any other way other
than old age it would it's either one of
two ways isn't it one you're gonna go
out like a hero like I want to die say
saving like a million people obviously
not million people I wanna die saving
like ten people from like a burning
building not burning building stood on a
die from fire you know I want to dive in
front of someone who's about to die or
something and save their life or to sex
I don't know how that would work but
maybe I don't know having sex too much
that you die although that would really
hurt I know something to do with sex
can you do it rap about the elephant
deaths in case you guys don't realize
what this is they obviously mean the
elephant dance if you know that is me
and Vic star made it up in our Q&A and
yeah it kind of just became a thing that
I did drink FIFA matches I did with
Harry so yeah you want me to rapid eyes
so this is gonna be interesting
squat down bend your knees put your arm
out of 45 degrees of a brownout straight
back don't slump you're gonna be a love
footer
don't be arrogant to the elephant cause
it's relevant and give me some skin
doesn't matter if you're fat or if
you're thin keep going to the beat kicks
in I've ran out of questions if your
other questions are not matter questions
that's the end of today's Q&A I know I
know I know but yeah that is all for me
today if you guys want to suggest any
other videos you want to see
specifically on this channel let me know
also in the comments below but yeah
hopefully you guys enjoyed this Q&A and
thank you guys so much again for a
million subscribers it's incredible so
thank you guys so much sure what my team
what you punch at a boss hello yes oh
well betrayed oh it's like three in a
row
Hey
