try guys ways up and welcome to your
ultimate team I asked you guys for a
left-back
and this is one of the comments by Ben
Arfa as a right-winger now this is the
most liked comment but then you yourself
knocked yourself off without sounding
dirty to make yourself the top comment
again meaning Ewell's neither this is
the top comment so josy enrique done the
team is becoming better and I am in
Division 9 for some fucking race car
McKay calm calm calm now before I get
into a game if you guys wanna nail to
the team Costa got one thing for calm in
the description use 25-year five cent
discount I need two wins to get the
title so my aim today is to win these
games well this is what I'm dealing with
because so many people just someone fit
I can't actually do anything this is the
team I have to play with knowing my luck
I'm gonna come up against some
ridiculous T yeah yeah whoo no whoo
I guess to it again that's right me
alright here we go you ready for it you
ready got it
alright Olivia Olivia Olivia Olivia
Olivia boom oh this is good a little bit
better than I thought oh look at this
this look that's a foul thank you
I haven't Sofia kinda you know when
Sofia does here yay the what was that
safe oh oh oh wait wait no come on dude
Oh Mike really really lads I've got this
game in the bag I've got this game in
them his keeper is ridiculous this guy
doesn't even know how to play fifa
honestly look look look how easy Adam
Lallana I beg like that what the fuck oh
my god I beg you I beg you Cocula I know
you're bronze but come on you're still a
professional footballer look look at
this look at it look look at this it
doesn't make sense
thank you and that is the goal let's go
out of all of the shots I've had that is
the one I score all right let's just be
real for a second look look at this look
how is this guy why am i why am I not
winning this like ten Neal please please
please please please
whyever okay okay I've scored that thank
you that's this game I'm winning three
nil on this game I have another chance
I have no it's not even half time yet
it's not even half time near post
how the fuck that sums up everything
that's a literally you saw my targets
okay Micah Richards Kenny bang no caddy
bang no no not quite
let's see you've got some space you got
some space yeah look look how do you not
know that I'm gonna turn in there boom
oh that one goes in oh why did I do that
okay that's why that's why I know if
he's got literally oh my god
oh my god thank you thank you
no no no thank you no thank you have to
get back please lay tail Please Please
Please Please Please Please Please
Please connection has been lost
who is it though loading onto a team
please oh my god oh man they're
literally holding on to me in Division 9
forever now I have to play this game
just to get promotion and now I come up
against a Oh which means I have a chance
even even okay come on come on I say as
if I lost the last game but I was five
near luck oh my god this is a horrible
horrible game look at this lag look at
it look at it no no no no no come on
a playable emblem and buy it that was
the worst show ever seen in my life
please yes buzz literally divas like the
most unexpected ones ago in I can't talk
they won t with vicuna one two one two
olivia is sick oh no Louie Louie Louie
no please please please please his
team's good she was only 11 right
halftime and I am winning I deserve to
be winning please just no not like this
not like there's no no where are my
keepers like on fire today
Oh No whatever
blablabla ah bang it oh yes oh my god oh
my god
what the fuck was that see look at that
and then you turn him yeah and finish
let's go
nice little go there oh-ho-ho-ho oh
thank you very much and I'll be up and
now it's game over
kick United team ID sneaking neither
Cobra the baby but ever leave it all but
that gives me promotion out of this
shitty division if I win one more I get
the title which means I'll get another
three thousand coins I have pretty much
two thousand coins already so let me
know I have four less than 5000 coins
and I will get him next episode I
promise cuz I'm gonna win a game but
that's all for me today thank you guys
for watching and shit given too much oh
fucking hell you know the wedding over
Oh
