Joker's going on and welcome to another
reaction I'm sorry I'm doing so many of
these reactions but so many districts
are dropping it is time for bazinga
Stern and I have a special guest if he
wants to turn it's Toby now not on any
one side you can appreciate this right I
can appreciate you can appreciate good
good music yeah I also have no issue
with Jay Jay so I'm just saying we're
just Nick pace yeah we are just on the
sidelines right now just kind of try a
little you know we're throwing paper on
the fire all right this is Ethan's new
district called finish you ready well
all right let's go if you come for the
sidebar below the hole for vision if you
want to change snotty comes back and he
does that Oh shucks put you up at the
time you get back it's right here is
proof that you should try to be you
fucking twat
yo Ethan really means I think he's
genuinely upset oh yeah this is like a
lot easier emotion like spinning out
yeah you know like James just kind of
got a larger fat in fact love of life
he's going you're a fuckin twat we think
do you really think JJ can write a book
yeah let's carry on imagine a loyal
friend my heart whisper ahead you even
brought in my girlfriend
recommended rent hi I don't wanna I'm no
I'm not allowing Ethan to have the
desperate jumping on the trend Ethan
we've all done it
I'm reacting right now this is everyone
about the rest of it so far sick though
that wasn't even Ethan definitely wanted
to send yeah oh no any excuses blood
clot the blood points leg another foot
insulin he's never going to let it go G
let's talk about the like you saw did
you really think that Veda poll a guy at
showered with a brother probably want to
have sex with his mother knowledge stamp
in integrity no boob and now you've got
three tattoos is he'll show you rock you
mean wait is that this quality still
Christ given empty hmm damn they really
didn't write any lyrics for me Oh
Oh JJ that is that's a real cool out
case you guys don't know discord is
rapper there's been speculation we're
not saying anything beyond my joycie on
my toilet yes sir did got is a wrap on
apparently there's speculation that he
allegedly yeah maybe one too many times
of a shower you said it in the in salute
as well JJ thank you for that that he's
polite you think yeah but it was a so if
you say thank you start to sound like
Kristin be detective saving our career I
like the old school feel as well the
awful fear with the video you mean
strumsy I listen to strumsy and snake
might I didn't say that I don't say all
right well that was bazinga finished
don't ever want to see you can finish
again but yeah that is his diss track I
don't know if JJ's replying I don't know
what's going on anymore
yeah which on the sidelines apparently
dead geez drop in a track again this
weekend yeah no one wants to hear that
yeah that's all for today make sure you
go subscribe to Toby check out the video
from Ethan I'll leave a link to in the
description and I'll leave a link to
both in the description but that's
watchin
attention
