Oh Oh for fucks well that in trouble is
going to be a lot better but uh the Bob
went so let's just move on so happy
Halloween guys and welcome to a
Halloween special I guess you can call
it basically as a law you know Halloween
is a time where everyone normally
watches a horror film because you know
it's gonna be scary
full I don't know why so I'm gonna show
you guys how to make a horror film using
the stereotypical scenarios from horror
films and yeah here we go right so first
off the black guy has to die first
now I know what you're thinking he's
racist but not the black guy does that
person sadly it is the case in pretty
much every horror film out there at the
moment she gets overrun with yeah which
one is he's dying you are why one Easy's
go go rock paper scissors
okay so once that's done you have to
establish your main character which is
normally a sexy cheerleader why am I
doing this now this cheerleader has to
be so hot and so dumb like they can't
just be normals dumb they have to be
ridiculously dumb and they can't know
it's any clues if they see something
they have to just ignore it as if that
it wasn't that I just don't know why
anyone killed toga are you it was it
it's just us here I don't see it I don't
see it so weird like it could have been
just like I'm just standing here like we
need to work this out we're like how how
did he die it's only up then once that
is done and they have realized that
someone is dead they have to agree to
split up into either pairs or on their
own even now it's clearly gonna lead to
them being picked off one by one and
dying normally one of the more
I'm going with the murderer as well
right guys there's a murderer on the
loose and Toby's Toby's death okay we're
gonna split up and look for the murder
I'm gonna go with Vic you're gonna go
with Josh yeah I'm with it
I don't know I'm with it okay you guys
gonna stay here in case the murderer
comes back we're gonna go check the
aquarium we'll see you guys there okay I
don't know
I like a knife well you're dead then
once they're a part of the epic music
starts you know this classical
orchestral music that just builds up
until something so incredible happens
that all the audience just scream
although normally is a huge anticlimax
and everyone is just sitting there like
this is so obvious because of the music
like if someone is about to look round a
corner or something and there's epic
music building up you know as soon as
that drops they're dead then you get to
the final scene away is just the
cheerleader and the murderer left and
the cheerleader has been found the
murderer is chasing this cheerleader
through something like a forest or
through a house or something like that
and they fall over over nothing they
fall over over nothing this is literally
so that the murderer or the monster
wherever can keep up while walking and
look more dramatic this is then when
that they find something where they
could quite easily escape but no they go
back for something stupid
and that's something stupid normally
leads to them being cornered by the
murderer having a little confrontation
saying why are you doing this because
you killed my mother which had nothing
to do with the story
this only stills time so that a
character from earlier on who somehow is
still alive with no explanation comes
back and shoots the murder why are you
doing this because you stole my mom's
fuse
then they're happy they leave that's the
end of that even though all their
friends have just died I mean the only
other thing is some people do hand held
movies but that effect is kind of gone
and already does that now what the fuck
what the hell oh it's just a random jump
cut
guys my my teammate is stabbing while
I'm drawing no he tried to stab me but
that's it I'm gonna sit you done it not
okay you fucked it make you look your
own face let's go
you know
