KS ah yes I got just it today as Mike
yet
I was so lame right guys so wise up I'm
doing a Q&A with Josh aka zurka was that
I don't know
this is the fifth QA of the sidemen
edition
so yes you a ok the last one Wow okay so
I asked you guys on Twitter for some
questions using hashtag minis er and
actually got trending in the UK so thank
you guys for that but anyway let's get
straight into the questions who actually
had the first idea of moving to a house
together me if you could bring three
things to it all
it was like a group idea me if you could
bring three things on an island with
Wi-Fi what would it be a female for one
okay cuz we have Wi-Fi a real-life
person okay um and I'm a female okay
you're on an island you don't need to be
this thirsty there's a lot of water and
Wow and food what would you bring I
would bring the boat ah another boat and
a bridge yeah yeah that's all I try to
preach so I can jump across but how do
you bring a bridge and just put it on
the island what you're gonna cross the
bridge bridges work but wait you walking
over the bridge why the see you're on an
island joshan's how I went the bridge
Rakata me yeah okay okay okay
scare one of the side men come look at
this
are you guys real like actually real
hit that Nene are you in any of the
other side man going to insomnia yes we
are all so diverse that go into all
three days of insomnia you guys can
actually find tickets to it in the
description below and we actually have
managed to get a 10% discount as well so
if you use that code you can get that
10% off with your meet and greets
we've got merchandise there as well and
it's - that is a twitch booth in our
area so be streaming the whole weekend -
cannot there you can still watch it
anyway so come say hi if you could have
one superpower what would it be why that
power and how would you use it right so
what would you out oh it's obvious
actually I would control time so I can
go backwards forwards I can pause it and
whoever I want that's really like that
the most standard boring answer I've
ever heard him like if you've said that
or flying I don't I don't ready there's
a reason why the most standard ones yeah
the best one cuz they're boring
what use imagination what would you have
I would use the power to make any girl
wet I'm about to make your day oh I
already got that pan so it doesn't
matter anyway don't lie to me I know I
got you there I go you okay
I'm out watch out why call one of the
side men see how long you can stay on
the phone while pretending they called
you right so this is like a competition
with each chose one side man and I'm
gonna call JJ and see how long it lasts
so what's going on why are you calling
me at this time you realized you called
me right no you genuinely realized you
called me right no why would I call you
as a joke it's 4:15 in the morning your
duck JJ I would have just come
downstairs and talk to you I would have
come down and talk to you love you JJ
yeah right so be that maybe that's gonna
happen you're right yeah you called no
you called us cuz I is like quarter past
4:00 in the morning why would it be a
prank
oh yeah that's that's cool Harriet
that's cool Harriet pretend that he
caught us that's a great frame okay yes
apologize those okay I'll give you the
win because I think I lasted a bit
longer but you made him apologize yes
who'd win a thumb wrestle
Hey same house all right let's go right
let's go come on come on here we go
listen mutt oh my let's go one two three
Oh hiding back my straps straps
what is that frustrating behind your
head and tiger hey come out of closet
couching that's not right crouching
jagged fuck get the dragon bitch
yeah how many limbs up I'm a ninja I'm a
ninja but government got one two three
four I win the phone war like I'm the
real winner who can do the best outro
right so that is all for today thank you
guys for watching thank you josh for
being here it was a geek you announced
five sidemen done Jake James next I'll
see some of you insomnia if not feel
free to check us out on Twitch check us
out in the description below as well
remember and shit be that that I'm so
sick go on be that alright
see you
now man was better just sound to new oh
oh oh
Sal Oh Oh Sal Sal you beauty look in
look at him he's running wrap it up Rath
again huh huh where you going
don't think you could run away from me
bitch I got Pepe
