I have been you keep laughing
but you don't know me bro you didn't
even show you yo I think they're teaming
up on me for real what it is what it'd
be wouldn't do dough
I have been disrespected on YouTube once
again but this time it wasn't just one
youtuber it was by JJ and ng aka ksi and
comedy gamer I can't just sit back and
keep getting disrespected no as you know
this happened
v challenger Alex wasabi oh wow yeah
that's all I'm gonna say for that didn't
even give me a response nothing laughs
that's just disrespect to the max you
not even taking me seriously come on
then couple days ago this happened I
guarantee my second round you'll be face
down on the canvas I'm sorry I'm sorry
once again he just lacks no response
just laughs in my face well I'm not a
message for you
JJ you keep doing you you keep laughing
come on come on boy look as we all know
you're gonna be going up against Logan
you and Logan are about to go
head-to-head in August I understand that
but since you think I'm so far beneath
you and no matter how much training I do
you think I will never ever be on your
level let me hit you with this Angele
let me hop on a plane come to London oh
we can have a little sparring match just
me and you let me train a little bit
I'll come through we can see what's up
no cameras no vlogs no nothing it's just
a little a little sparring match to see
where we match up think of it as like a
little a little pre practice fighting
I'm aware all the youtubers that have
challenged you and I am the smallest but
you don't know me bro and don't worry
okay if you're if you feeling nervous if
you're feeling a little scared about it
we can stop the match whatever you want
because I don't I don't want to hurt you
so and like I want you to be it 100% so
you don't have any excuses when Logan
beat you in August because you know it's
in my best interest to keep you safe
because without you there's not gonna be
a boxing match for me two bucks that's a
undercard in so you know I've got you
fro I got you now moving on to the
little brother bitch yo man come on why
why are you gonna do me dirty like this
why we were cool this was the first time
I ever met this guy ah
soon it will break we were both hanging
out with our mutual friend Bryce gum we
were chilling at the cloud house you
seem like a cool dude I like your vibe
we were kicking it we was cool then you
had to go and do this oh oh
I don't know what's going on Oh ding
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
Wow
I look pretty weak huh you look like
you're a pretty good boxer like he took
me out like I was dead after that fight
like I was so tired and so beat up after
that match that I had to collapse on the
floor
okay Oh daddy daddy daddy you know that
we went for 60 seconds and you only post
the first 10 or 15 seconds in your vlog
I put that in there and then you
immediately cut to me drop it to the
ground and then you didn't even show you
drop it to the ground
right after Oh No not cool bro not all
at least when Rice posted his footage he
put a little bit more of a fight but
even he didn't put the entire fight in
there come on spar the river grew too
you know I think they're teaming up on
me for real like I got some good little
punches in there and they folded it put
it in right put a little bit but he
didn't put the whole thing okay okay all
I'm sayin is why don't you put all the
footage okay why don't you put it all
out there so that people can see what
really happened why don't you show them
how I landed like three times the amount
of punches that you will have this way
to make yourself look good bro
now look I'm not saying I'm a
professional boxer I'm not saying I
knocked him out or anything like that
I've taken three boxing classes now that
was taken before any of that happen so I
know just from those three classes that
I was throwing the worst punches ever
but at least I wasn't blocking the whole
time like he was just send me the
footage I'll edit it together and I'll
post it that's why I got dude just send
it to me I just want to show my side
that's all I want
I know it was just for fun but I don't
want to send out box two in that match
that's all I'm saying
no look I know you guys the wasabi ins
aren't used to seeing this side of me
but it's not about starting drama or
promoting violence this is a sport I'm
pretty sure the same amount of people
get just as hurt in football or rugby or
soccer or basketball
I just want to compete it's the athlete
inside of me trying to make his way out
I'm not gonna lie I have a very
competitive nature I like to win this is
just something I gotta do for me guys I
can't stand by and be disrespected like
this and I'm not trying to change who I
am I just want to compete that's it
straight facts down to the point that's
it but it might not even happen case I
suggested I go up against Vitali but he
just finished his workouts and got
really big really fast and I know he's
not gonna wanna go back on that and lose
all that weight to go against me so as
of right now
I don't even have an opponent nobody in
my weight class has stepped up to the
challenge so I guess we just gotta wait
and see what happens I don't know if
you're a big youtuber and you're down
hit me up
tweet me I don't know coming down below
sliding the dams just hit me up let's
make it happy that's all I got for you
guys today
ksi keep laughing Deji send me that
footage I'm about to go on a week-long
adventure in the Philippines and I'm
bringing you guys along so get ready for
that and until the next vlog do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you do any wrong
