he doesn't know stop saying it has not
even his future holds tomorrow
oh why you what is wouldn't meet what a
dope dog today Lauren and I are going to
my new house your house Oh our new house
no no man you have but I'm gonna be
there all the time
so technically but are you kind of my
house what are you paying 50 percent
though you know what neither it's it's
neither of our houses right now cuz you
don't even has it yet so house
inspection we are at my brand new house
and we are at the house and we have a
bunch of people doing inspections right
now Lauren is currently and escrow means
they checking everything making sure
everything's good and she gets it
there's no surprises and checking the
foundation to check in the pool they're
checking the sewer to check on the
chimney the chicken everything all know
if you guys missed the vlog but this is
where my girlfriend's going maybe one
day I'll move in moving in yeah you take
out the chimney in here going up the
chimney right now yeah okay
Laura Laura and Ageing a1 Lord there I
don't want high knees high knees
okay then and there with a foot kick
yeah when you get a cold nose DS it okay
and oh the fuck it can go nice come
couple I feel like word in the Magic
School Bus only shrunk down to check the
chimneys alright
chimney secure so both our chimneys are
good to go
Jake plays the best food place and Awadh
world yeah yeah nuggets
this is our first meal an hour in your
new heart my new house what huh you can
save the meal or the house was like
Lauren K help me I need to unbutton in
preparation for what's about to go down
oh there we go
okay close the peas it just a little bit
oh now I can eat everything is complete
this house is so doe with all the
inspections done except for a termite
inspection the guy said he was looking
at stuff under the house and he saw some
termite droppings so there are some
termites but he said not to be worried
if there are we're gonna put a huge like
circus tent over the house like the
striped ones and then fill it with gas
and then take the tent off and they
should be all gone out of the walls out
of everything and we good to go now
other question I know you're all
wondering why am I not moving in with
Laura
well well part of the reason is I still
have a lease for about nine more months
I think in the current apartment I'm
living in and to get out of that least I
would have to pay for the rest of it so
that would be like paying for nine
months of the lease and not even living
there so not doing that I'm gonna live
there for nine months but after those
nine months then maybe I might move in
but we don't like to put a lot of
pressure on our relationship as a
youtuber couple we share a lot of stuff
with you guys we sure like most of
everything with you guys so it's not
super easy to keep our private life to
make sure we keep it separate from
YouTube we're not just doing things for
the vlog because if you watch a lot of
YouTube you know a lot of couples the
vlogs mess them up we just want to be
super careful and take it easy take it
nice and slow I'm not ready for that big
of a step yet one day we'll move in
together just stay tuned
stick with the adventure you'll see what
goes down but it's kind of scary moving
in because then after moving in then we
have
dong-man there's engagements marriage
kids but I'm not ready for any of that
so don't know okay what we're done
talking about this I'm gonna go practice
basketball is the best work right now
because tomorrow
aaron and i actually tomorrow means a
day you're watching this because I know
you all watch my blogs as soon as they
come out at 3 p.m. and you're subscribed
crying we will be going to play in a
charity basketball game in Glendora
California I think it's all on this
poster these are all the people playing
what time how much it ticket is home I
playing against ants where yeah so if
you guys live near there then come stop
by any as much cheering Aaron does too
because we haven't played in a long time
so we gotta practice but burgers we-we'd
moose exactly 17 days this just got
intense real quick
well you blinked I win 17 days ago moose
wait twenty three point eight pounds
what you go away now boy
that's how much I weigh first all right
one seventy six point four yeah thank
you point one find this one seventy six
point four four equals twenty three
point nine you're the last 17 days Loren
I thought I'm gonna be 27 200 point one
minus one seventy six point four what he
lost weight what'd you get both drop
tomorrow
how do you lose weight - balls cut off
the ball you Center
we said one 76.4 okay do you want it boy
Aaron 200 minus one seventy five point
nine there you go that's right when a
semi went up 0.3
you're mouthing off my point to the
beats back Michael is gonna be 27 pounds
right loose by the end of the year he
promise you have to gain weight so we
could win the contest that's father and
son I was just kidding about getting
your balls cut off
it's not gonna happen well it'll be okay
we're just gonna go we're gonna go to
Dennis to get your teeth cleaned go have
fun
my friend Jimmy and Andrew have arrived
to play basketball because they know I
have about ball game tomorrow and you
train for but you guys weren't here
yesterday and a bunch of toys to show
you oh so we're gonna do a speed round
because they've already all seen this
number one boy its way the live
what do you think is good but that's the
magic ring is that like come out and hit
up this one more we have one more wait
three two one go
yeah it's an optical illusion hold the
glasses inside completely glass I know I
show you guys this yesterday but it's
too cool actually yeah but this is what
they saw they didn't know there's
anything weird about it but then when
you try to touch it not whoa it looks
like you can get it you can't trust me I
can do this I can grab it
no way ok ok let me wait try again I bet
you can do it you can do it you can do
it Jimmy focus focus
ok wait wait ok you can get it go I'm
also from this store that you bought it
from
ok that's enough time foolery boys let's
go balls
basketball training complete I now
believe I am ready for tomorrow's battle
welcome to the end of blog talk Warren
has updates on your car they said it
will be delivered here first thing in
the morning
what more yep to here it's my apartment
you finally get you a new car I think
you're gonna like mine bear that I'm
gonna like yours then tomorrow what's
happening to us
why you in the morning Laurens gonna
take moose to the doctor but you're
gonna take us to a doctor and then
you're gonna come back home to the new
car and then I have to go play a charity
basketball game you know who I'm gonna
play for Moses balls
moose is seven months now six well round
up from 6:00 to 7:00 that's how many
points I'm gonna get for you boy and one
good luck point for me to make it I'm
gonna get eight points for mooses balls
and my girlfriend know I know I wouldn't
let them do it to you but you've been
getting kind of frisky lately make sure
to come back tomorrow check up on our
boy moose and find out what Lauren's car
is and watch me make eight points in the
basketball game that's all I got for you
guys today see you tomorrow because I'll
be posting on that daily don't forget to
subscribe and don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong
