what it is what it we would have duked
almost I've come bearing gifts for mommy
I got what you needed for your video I
have what you need but I also have
something extra and I need you to take
it out of my house or I'm gonna eat it
but I recommend that we make it now
yes cookies say make them now meet the
girls they were nice
I'm gonna eat 75%
let me loose can't contain his
excitement what we're gonna put you in
jail for a second okay oh yeah they're
perfect they're perfect we did it we did
it
success oh okay with your free now the
perfect cookies are dying back 24
cookies and now we're only down to eight
I finally had between whatever else is
left and I'm super full but I could fit
one more hey your blog judging these
blogs aiming me right now cookie shaming
yeah Mose well if you look a little
awkward there I know you're sad that you
can't have any human cookies but it's
okay we're gonna make it up to you right
now with the trip to the dark Mo's I was
gonna cut to an epic montage of the dog
park but you look uncomfortable and you
seatbelt why aren't you laying in your
bed huh
he wants to come up here what dad all
right
I hear you buddy come on okay I'm
working on it Emma's you like it it's a
fly miss doodly-doo Wow like a superhero
oh why moose
hey this hurts Christmas are you digging
into my white boy in a little puppy
anymore even though I'm still gonna
title all our videos together was puppy
happy for how much longer I didn't put
your 1 you're above me right yes pushed
in there this is like the most unsafe
place you can lay right now okay we're
going down here we go stay down
Moz look at other peopie's what do you
think is he larger sloth
okay well here we go moose time to make
a million friends off that guy's gettin
it yeah yes look at all the PDS comas
yeah so many friends already whoa
mousse you're getting dirty oh you
uploaded the big dog Oh
most don't get eaten by this horse
you're gonna be gonna be fun on the
black seats in the car oh yeah
now it's time to address the title of
this video as you know I got some
amazing things to show some amazing
people know I'll give you a hint it's
spin you're gonna all ask me how it's
done and just let me tell you that it's
called physics - one pretty clean number
to get your pocketbook I have this
slightly distorted mirror and I got this
an instrument this is just a metal leg
you ready to see what it does
like be chicks at he'll develop eggs you
guys ready for number three okay item of
physics oh this is a stand and this 2 1
go oh thanks you guys want another toy
okay kids I remember this one it is the
fourth toy in the lineup and if you
remember correctly I believe this Logan
Hall that broke this figured out what is
it dude wait are you trying to get me
what is this this is what the class
world a Stirling engine what did he do
this yeah Aaron's right I'm supposed to
spin it but they said to give some time
to spin on a tone yes is it going I'm
not doing that
yeah it's working
there's a Stirling engine by the heat
going up its combusting it's making the
thing go up and down and that exact go
up and down and that makes it burn
what's on it that's all today except
there's one more I have the last toy
right here it's right here in my hand
okay close your eyes don't look it's
gonna mess up I got set it up all right
open touch the Frog grab it just pick it
out don't do anything crazy just pick it
out what I've been looking at oh my god
look just like that yeah that's where it
looks real yeah go again go again right
there what is it like for you right
there perfect that looks good to me yeah
okay yeah close your eyes super hard
don't look pretty don't look no no you
scared okay three two one open grab it
you can pet it no it's fine
okay Lana
thank you for your services isn't it
you're not ready sit down and close your
eyes boy okay go ahead touch it it's not
crazy okay let's see if I can capture it
with the camera cuz there to soak up you
they're like what are you doing this is
what we've all been looking at it's a
little tiny frog why'd you cut it Jeremy
I'm scared go ahead it's not really
there that is just an optical illusion
it's all their reflections inside so
there's nothing on top right now that's
actually a hole through that you can see
the Frog in there but then from this
angle it looks like it's on top and
there's actually nothing on top yeah so
look you take this frog out of here
watch this Jeremy Bulloch up there's a
bottle cap on top now what it looks like
it comes up - thanks guys go sleep today
thanks for stopping by thanks for coming
back every single day and showing your
support make sure you're subscribe and
I'll see you tomorrow until then don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong bye
