what it is what I think what it took tow
today I'm taking you guys on a special
adventure I teamed up with make-a-wish
to meet up with one of my biggest wasabi
UNS named Donovan I'm gonna go meet up
with him right now see what he's up to
and later I got a little surprise for
him don't like surprises
yeah
yeah
got to go the GameStop kiss my boy
Donovan's some new games so what you're
gonna get
you don't know we got a whole storm
selection you think whatever you want
is coming on that dope Joe so they said
that you had a year in Holland in
Peckham to decide a year he had a year
to decide whatever he wanted after a
year he finally figured it out and
what's up come to see me he's from
Michigan I'm now we hanging out and
living out that wish yes
oh yeah but he has 400 Elias till
whatever he wants we use a big militias
400 to gear control isn't hard by this
way yeah okay cool now we gotta figure
out these controller situation oh this
is a switch you can play whatever on it
and then look you can take these off and
play with your friends I think there's a
problem so how many siblings do you have
if six but each one can only play the
two people right so I think we're gonna
have to get Rudy so I'll see you can
play yeah no you go on home with
everything all games stopped up in your
living room
see that
does this work okay you got some
superhero stretched half a basketball oh
it's a light okay I can't believe you
actually flying here just to see me
that's crazy
you join make-a-wish because when you
were a little you had a heart problem
but you got it all taken care up nice
and you had three surgeries
and I was talking your mom she just tell
me about it she said you're her little
hero did you know that well I'm here to
tell you you're my superhero boy and
you're my hero
so we both heroes with this limb here
okay here let it up and go up okay don't
drop we got it ready are supposed to be
up here okay look inside this limo look
at this so much fun thank you for making
me your wish
that's crazy I still I don't I still
that's crazy to me first
more but if your friend early let me
know
it was so nice to meet Donovan thank you
to make a wish for setting that up that
was amazing
and something I'm never gonna forget
yeah for you too so I have to I have a
prior engagement though I gotta go do
that for a few hours but while I'm gone
I wanna see if you guys could take care
of this oh hey oh please of that you
know he's gonna push a button that's
right look at you
bye oh that was a weak takeoff week
today is Josh's birthday and he said for
his birthday he wanted to cook a lot and
for us to come over to his place and you
know how Josh cooks
time for some kids it's time for some
treats we come mommy mommy mommy's in my
mouth yeah uh kick your feet together go
ossicles we're about the game so much
weight I did like a lot
I brought an empty stomach oh you don't
need that much
I've come to get fat
yeah you have no idea can you help me
with that wait is this this isn't it
right this isn't it okay I was like whoa
how like this is good but I know you got
something crazy starter okay and then
there's this sir if that's gonna happen
Oh buddy is it time for round one around
to round two no question there's two
here that you haven't added okay I want
to want one that I haven't had and then
I went when I had had and then I won't
want to have it has I haven't had this
Oh buddy what is that it's ugly Torme's
Lucky Charms rice krispies yeah no way
what is this these ones are cinnamon so
it's a new flavor fruity pebbles with
cinnamon not for many men fruity pebbles
and rice krispie squares crispy white
chocolate yeah
yeah
hey Josh montage I want to see the
inside
Oh a chocolat welcome to the end of blog
talk had so much fun meeting Donovan I
can't believe he used his make-a-wish to
go from Michigan over to LA to hang out
with me that was incredible
Donovan is now my new superhero and I
made sure once again that my boys had
fun while I was busy you know that I got
lucky and more of an a slingshot you
know that I got it for them for 24 hours
but they are going back home in the
morning so we still have a slingshot for
a little bit - Kyle would you like to go
to the beach that's kind of far that's
how far would you like to go to the park
okay okay next week on Friday I got you
again that's right
we wasabi merch coming at you on Friday
get ready hello wait okay go sit with
secrecy Oh
make sure to come back tomorrow for some
more epicness and until then don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
