what it is would it be what it do so we
have done it we have come to the beach
we got meat
we got laurdiy well I'm DIY DIY and a
booty bear this is his first time at the
at the beach at the doggy Beach you
ready
come on Musti Musti bear the beach you
made it he's never ever in his entire
life Hut salt water so we're gonna see
how he likes the waves and any so
excited like a monkey moose
we know you want to be free Oh dopey
didn't like it dopey got hit by a wave
and he was out here like no I'm done hey
moose oh okay
it's kind of cold it's kind of cold and
we're using this you like it go mouse go
he's like maybe maybe later maybe later
this comb is red oh no I think he's
nervous or on his nervy hi hi it's so
many dogs everywhere it's crazy I never
good with dogs each moose has never been
to dogs each lordsville I've been to a
million dog beaches but this is the
first time the family's been here almost
there are so many dogs here it's crazy
they keep coming up onto the blanket and
getting sand on it but it's worth that
because it's dark
come here wiener dogs little guy you can
make it you can make it buddy I know you
got tiny legs but we all believe in you
don't give up wait for your brother you
got tiny legs
it's a tiny leg doc this is the kind of
dog I would get if I ever got a dog it
would be a wiener dog I don't know why I
like them they got a long fineness and
they think they can't move very fast
he's too excited so many dirt look at
that one in the water don't thank you no
thank you no thank you no thank you no
thank you no thank you
don't be scared the world and enjoy the
view don't drink that water and I like
hey bro yeah that's right you're not
scared her brave boy hand just gonna get
out here you're wet there you go you're
a water dog yeah he's almost about to
swim oh there's a big one moose there's
a big one run for your life man
thank the slimmest is something already
this is okay this time you're going
behind the way not in the way oh no I
got my photo uh pocket guys we got to be
careful okay most there you go
oh my gosh he's gonna sleep for 24 hours
yeah he shakes so hard his back legs go
up in the air what's it hey Lauren
cassia question can we race once a for
all that sounds like an excuse are you
making excuses so I'm gonna have the
race and the world can't find out that
I'm faster than you who's faster pretty
sure it's me it's not you it's me
no it's not you it's me you can't escape
your fate Lauren one day we're gonna
race one day not on the blanket oh
there's sand everywhere you have to
practice proper picnic any kids no
shaking within 5 feet of the ball that's
my shirt
there we go all clean Mo's most moves we
just cleaned the blanket chill bro chill
what are we doing if you follow me on
instagram avi you know that I post a
picture maybe once a week or twice a
week because I'm not a picture taker
pictures aren't fun for me to take
Lauren and all her friends and a bunch
of other youtubers slash Instagram
people they'll take 200 pictures in one
spot just for one picture and it takes
time and it's crazy
I don't what they did I don't want to do
a lot of things will you make me do them
anyway look what take your time I don't
make you do that that's something I do
and you just have to be there anything
else all the things in the blog what
what I do suffer your vlog check this
out seems like you'll be 10 more photos
no 30 picture maximum not allowed on
first not allowed on births I'm just
gonna click when you say click if I
didn't point at 30 didn't picture
minimum it would be a hundred pictures
here we go wine every time you switch
poses I'm taking a picture I know I'm a
professional I make youtube videos you
know ready
one eternity later 30 I got like two
poses the thought I got this one and I
got this one
that's it lauren had about fifty they're
not gonna be a guys watch this i system
both at one more and that's it okay this
is it last picture okay you ready
you tell me when I'm gonna take one one
click there you go what you suppose
about you're hoping I was gonna take
let's go to the go in there come here
come here come here we're done
well you love me if I do one more oh yes
okay wait wait wait I'm not ready I'm
not ready on the radio camera there you
go oh no there's a sign
what are you doing you having fun um I
think it's time for an upgrade and new
game there you go that's my mom
oh yeah what do you do what are you
doing tomorrow night are you busy yeah
no sure okay I found something in the
street if you want it you want it you
want it I found something outside on the
on the floor no so you guys came from
North Carolina to visit but I feel kind
of bad I'm gonna be busy
I got press I got interviews I got
meetings in the next two days I'm not
gonna be able to hang out that much but
I still want you guys to have fun so I
got these tickets for what for something
I found them on the street and I thought
you guys would like them you guys want
them or not yeah all right here you go
these are right directly behind the
Lakers
you'll get sweated on by Lonzo no I
can't go I'm gonna be busy but I want
you guys to have fun so enjoy go have
fun
I got you look at you oh oh you're gonna
leave me ah there you go there you go
what you gotta do me a favor you guys
take that picture you guys take to Xbox
controllers and take the picture that I
want you to take out I'll describe it to
you we have to take that picture because
these make sure I'm gonna show it in
tomorrow in the next vlog you guys don't
understand what I'm talking about right
now I just described to them a picture
that I want them to take I just thought
it would be a funny picture and they
promised that is the quest that is the
mission they're gonna send it to me I'll
show you guys what picture I
than to take in the front row of the
Lakers versus Clippers basketball came
in tomorrow's law beach day complete I
made sure my friends were still gonna
have fun on their trip out here to hang
out with us because I got surprised busy
YouTube life make sure to come back for
tomorrow's vlog because I'm gonna watch
them on TV I'm recording it right now
and see if we can see them on TV because
they're right behind the Lakers like
right behind the Lakers and then when
they get home I'm gonna show them and
they're gonna have a reaction of a
lifetime that's right you come to visit
Alex wasabi and California and you go on
on TV now I got one more thing
do you guys remember that YouTube red
series I'm in well if you haven't seen
it let me hit you with a few details it
is available right now to watch the
first episode is free it's the first
ever sci-fi narrative series created as
a YouTube read original it has some
mature content like bad words and
violence so make sure you good to watch
and we can do description below go check
it out let me know what you think of the
very first most serious role I've ever
played as my character
bleach
these are not the type of guys you want
to mess with yeah they could be
government spies these guys could be
dangerous
you failed me Maura do you mean another
chance another chance we face he said
he'll give me $10,000
out of hand someone died if Mad Dogs
hasn't happened then it happened
you know do not ever call me that again
do you understand that's all I got for
you guys today
see you tomorrow we're more epicness is
probably gonna occur and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong
