ready yeah sure scary mom
rock-paper-scissors what it is wouldn't
be pudding do I do
we're on the way to our top secret
mission that we can't talk about but if
you think about it real hard you try
figure out what it is but I can't say it
no no no you're not gonna find out from
me Yeti excited that's an hour away no I
have a surprise for you look at the two
words thing what do you mean you have a
surprise for his like I'll tell you when
we get there we have just arrived to the
secret destination of film and we're in
the middle of nowhere I just checked the
weather and it's supposed to be 95
degrees today but they told us to bring
winter clothes or the scene it looks
like everything's outside we're gonna
see how this goes
it is about to get what the most
important thing you need to know if
you're ever gonna be on set for anything
is first things first
check out the craft a walk
you already very bad news I got bad news
brace yourself brace are you sure
mmm-hmm it's coming
yeah sound like a 1200 in the last video
watch back
absolutely peace so the car I got you I
was supposed to get here Friday but I
talk to them they send me the wrong
color I know and I know I know my brain
you want super bright green like lime
green so I was like guys this isn't
bright enough we got to take it back so
we're gonna bring it then they said
Tuesday and I just got off the phone
with them and I said next week okay yeah
okay deal complete that was how long was
it so three 3932 six-hour shakes hair is
not bad but it was hot it was outside
the whole time but it'll be a worth it
he'll see it before the end of 2017 but
I still can't tell you what it is so you
probably know but I can't tell you but
you probably know what's up guys hold
onto your seats because I got some
surprise news so store that Lorne and I
created for the Lorex merch was a
one-time thing once it all sold out we
restocked it once for you guys but now
it's on that gone gwaan but we in the
back of the warehouse we found Gordy
more Lorex shirts they are the love
Lorex crop tees that sold out almost
immediately so if you want one of the 40
last ones ever in existence go to shop
warrants calm right now and buy them all
cuz they gonna be gone with the
quickness as soon as this vlogs up he's
gonna be gone after that we're shutting
down the shop floor XCOM store forever
but don't worry cuz I have a new
surprise merch either coming to the dogs
wasabi dot-com store right it's about to
be good now let's
cook something
Bobby kitchen we have something epic to
make for you buffer and meet my boy
Joshua wolf josh is a little nervous so
I gonna sing his favorite song to make
him less nervous can you feel the love
tonight
did you can okay everybody come on can
you feel - what's the best part about
jalapeno poppers the pumper part we're
gonna take that's ready to break no yeah
these for you once you loved it so
making it again on Mesabi kitchen got
cut knees open and scoop up the flesh
because the flesh is the most dangerous
part of a healthy pepper dude how many
times I got to tell you hands don't cut
it nice sky how I'm gonna cut it in half
okay now this is the most dangerous part
above making jalapeno poppers you got to
scoop out the inside but you have to
make sure that nothing squirts up and
hits you in the face is a little burn
come on so I gotta make the scoop I do
make scoobadood what do Wow
dog safety is number one priority yes
that hair is crazy I your I started here
a little bit I can feel the spiciness in
my deep use welcome to Asami kitchen
where dreams come true was for German
help be a buffer system and that's just
how I keep this you're crazy
hide it it's good do you like spice
yeah know yourself
do not eat the inside of a jalapeno
popper straight up I think you should do
this at the same time as I do I'm gonna
judge your chopping skills okay so I get
another that grab a knife yeah okay I
think all of these wasabi kitchens are
rubbing off on your kitchen skills am i
doing good you're doing great as I sit
and I sit I slice it dice it slice it
slice slice slice n dice dice dice slice
slice slice hey bro are you jalapeno in
my business call up in my hall up in my
business
there you go I got the juice my hobby
Richie what with water
oh I think we're good ow it's time to
take all of these delicious helping your
popper ingredients okay cream cheese
cheddar Jeff and via and jalapeno
business and we're gonna combine it in
the ball that's it
you're the guy for this job I got a bad
arm oh I got you Oh II killing it you
think that weight was a good hard worker
this is a good arm this is the best
Wow right this is my calling in life
this is what I meant to do mom I figured
it out Wow check it masterpiece but the
recipe is not over without a Papa - this
is your favorite part above Asami
kitchen
I know you could do it yeah see that's
more now Wow Wow done
ah it's a little dollop I mean a
spoonful we've had more than enough up
you're good I don't know the exact
measurement of a dollop but I think
you're okay we're so close we're so
close now you smash them off together
run Han and then over all the way up
what's that do it whoa you know what I'm
excited about eating it not sharing a
boozy bow okay does it that is it throw
it in the oven
no no let me gently place it on the
middle oven rack in the oven please
you're learning yeah Wow is that the
middle rack did he say okay well then
we'll see we'll find out
yes pull it open and they said you know
what maybe we should are maybe we should
launch watch
if you guys decide to make this in your
own home tweet nice the drop shot game
and now let your Sami and let us know
what your great ships came out like I'm
excited to find out see you next time
moving on to the blog Susie yeah it is
to my understanding that you were
leaving tomorrow yeah way to s'posed man
I don't know it's weird I wanted to
share something with you before you left
where yeah if you tell me where you get
the best merch on YouTube No
well I'm gonna do it again I'm not gonna
do it again I promise you fool me one
time yeah shame on me okay so I can't
put the blame on you wait for me three
times
something something look I will give you
this hundred dollar bill if I do it
again you gotta tell me where you get
the best merchants YouTube I'm not gonna
do it trust me I'm trying to help you
out
he just started your merch on your blog
goes off I'll be gone so I won't be up
no no now this is $100 I know man I I
will give this to you wasabi
bellick's wasabi calm but anyway what
was it what is it Alex wasabi calm all
right I'm starting I do you can keep
that hey that's not what I wanted to
give you though more money no there's a
game that I used to he used to be a
beloved game when I was a kid and I want
to share it with you and it's a game
that me and my friends played and I want
to share with you I just want to have
this moment but I gotta let you know
okay it's the scariest game you'll ever
play where you play I'll show you a
little something like this
just first there's three levels too late
okay level one Rock Paper Scissors shoot
oh that's why I'm okay now I'm gonna go
rock paper scissors and I'm gonna point
left or right and yet to turn your head
at the same time when I said shoot okay
hey ready yeah I just want you to know
you're the best friend I don't want to
do this but you made it their logos on
my folks so you got your hand like this
okay close your eyes
yeah and I'm gonna go one two three and
I'm only gonna slap with one hand I pick
one yeah yeah use a pulling down with
your eyes closed and hopefully you block
it okay if you don't you get five below
bit okay a little bit ready yeah sure
scary round get to that if you peeking
you had to start over okay go okay yeah
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Wow ready Rock
Paper Scissors shoot
come on challengers have entered the
ring ding dings intense just watching
this raucous issue
oh oh my gosh you guys are ninjas that
was a light one that way that's too
light okay are you done that's it I know
wait don't you want to avenge yourself
oh come on guys yeah I would tell you
oh you gotta give him a warning you
can't say Robertson bow fucking the
final round final round again there you
have it the scariest game you'll ever
play be careful when you're playing it
don't slap each other too hard it's
meant to be funny not crazy
don't be crazy no no no no no that's all
I got for you guys today see you
tomorrow on the next adventure when
Lauren and I are taking moose on a puppy
Beach dick do me a favor don't forget to
remember like subscribe and if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong bye
