what wouldn't be wanted to jump today is
the date today is the first movie debut
I've ever been in I was in the dub for
three seconds but now I'm in Tyler Perry
Madea
boo Halloween - I messed up that name
but it's all good you know what I'll
talk about in this movie I actually got
lines I got some screen time unless they
cut me you're not gonna know until we
find out where we go there but first
there's a lot of things we got to get
done
mission number one go get styled at
Lauren's place my boys are back the boys
that make me look sexy I got jewelry I
never wear necklaces but for you I'll or
anything Thanks hahaha is that for me
let's see what it looks like
this is the outfit this is what I'm
gonna wear my first movie of America
what you guys think yes you get settled
me a lot to Plaza yeah let's go see how
I'm doing
Lauren I'm ready for you wanna be ready
go look until you gotta cut down three
two one
boosts I'm sorry you can't come to the
premiere I saw I tried to ask Tyler I
was like Tyler Perry come I moosie Bear
come he said no sir I hope you
understand I am your father only was the
past for you Stiles complete now it's
time for the makeup I got the lovely
Carson okay I remember and she's here
make me look less ugly how's it going so
far the parts again well you think busy
uh you look like a member of BTS I see
you know you put out what I think put me
in the picture edit them nice to be
ready yeah you'll get yeah you like
remember BTS right
coming out your way
but Andrew
Wow
let's go make moves
come here let me show you some top to
bottom we got boozy inanna
Diamond Tyler Tyler Hannah scary man in
the middle Brock another scary man Lexi
and JC man Lauren didn't make the make
the poster but it's okay cuz we in the
movie go check it out different I want
the cast to come up and stand with me
okay so with the social media influence
excuse America never get Lauren
hey check this out I got something for
you let me show you about it what is
that what's uh say what's that rice
merge where a where can they get the
best March on YouTube Alex wasabi calm
we're gonna get the best March on
YouTube no I know what you're gonna get
whatever you say he's gonna put your his
Alex wasabi calm we're to come out uh
Alex wasabi dot-com
we at the after party of the bhutesu
chillin and my friend said she needed
socks but these are the only stuff I
have my whole closet is all I have I'm
sorry
ok we're on you let your dress oh they
go all the way up to your knees that's
good there you go hey y'all I was in a
movie that's my first movie it's so
surreal boot to go check it out comes
out October 20th and look for me I'm the
one in the Egyptian costume hope you
guys enjoy that movie tomorrow I have a
super duper secret top secret all day
classified shoot I'm going to I can't
tell you guys what it is because I'm not
I'm pretty sure I'm not allowed but you
could probably figure it out by watching
tomorrow's vlog without me even telling
you that's all I got for you guys today
thanks for joining me on today's
adventures and until tomorrow don't
forget to remember subscribe like this
vlog and remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
