pretty there we go game fire what it is
wouldn't be what it do do Lauren and I
have an adventure now we're gonna bring
you guys along first we need to talk I'm
getting a bunch of tweets and a lot of
you guys are upset with me but I told
you I warned you I told you to your face
hole that this is gonna sell out real
fast and it sold out real fast it's been
sold out I'm still getting tweets about
it I'm sorry I thought you knew about
the urgency of getting it before it
sells out it's not going back in stores
but there's still time to get this shirt
the 8w outside the spiral tie-dye blue
shirt don't get it right now before it
sells out and also there's one more
chance to win this sweater not this one
this one's mine but I have three saved
for a giveaway I feel you had a Windows
at the end of this vlog but right now I
gotta make moves hey I heard you have a
question huh yes I'd love to go ahead
date with you you know why cuz you're my
beautiful girlfriend I love you I really
love you we have all the necessary
ingredients for the best date ever
now we just got to find the perfect spa
it's Lorex picnic day Wow oh so good
you're so good at that telling you about
it you're like no it's fine
there you go I think what you gotta go
this way right so I'm not sitting on
lower on the hill it's proper picnic
etiquette okay here I'll do it
there we go that's kid
but Izzy's kufi just smells like dog pee
smell it which is worse than dog pee you
got sushi
we got tips we got all this is me fried
chicken but then macaroni cheese and
then potato wedges whoever got some
napkins and we got sauce our pets and we
got some cheese and and the cc's she is
an assistant and then we got the son
which is about to make the bye-bye we
made it
stinky I told you oh yeah it stinky and
it's small thank you thank you those
dinky was that mean oh I didn't know no
if it's small it's like is this personal
appeal to it like what it's like it's
like what okay let's move on to the main
event we had a little picnic we have a
good conversation we had some food for
nutrition for our body but now we bout
to rock with delaurio core nutrition
that's yeah it has vitamin A B C and
Bing games you're presenting indeed your
protect calcium okay back to Mario fine
cool should I let you win this war on a
David I let you and that's my idea
I am I
we're gonna win oh it's game time girl
you ain't ready for it you don't even
know won't even know you don't even know
oh I see you trying to create a room
already trying to get crazy with it you
can pick my character here we go boom
boom boom boom boom boom it's a brand
face so you get some pretty I'm Lester
eyes you don't moisturize I don't most
are as I should monster eyes ready here
we go
aim fire oh you better watch out you got
a tight end on your B - hey we've not
you didn't have to take all the coins oh
my gosh and you took the double box wow
look at you
oh I see the banana okay I'm in fourth
place where are you so first yes what oh
my gosh stepping down almost got me oh
my gosh
oh yeah second place back on your
butthole you shall come in giving you a
warning jump off the side
no it's okay you're still way ahead of
me can't see oh wow I see you yeah did
you hit me but Kimball you did that to
me after all we've been through please
just let me win please okay okay first
round
look at here oh no I'm so sad bye
goodbye oh yeah he wants to go in the
car I can't see him where'd you go he
disappeared by now this is weird I feel
like I'm stalking a dog Hey
yes you came back to us we were so sad
you're my favorite what is it then Pepe
the puppy oh my gosh we wish you success
in all your future endeavors I Pepe yes
I dropped my Mario game did I get 12
points now I gotta beat you all is a
game over oh no we still got time I got
10 plays you got a 9 place right okay
okay okay
final race oh oh I'm Erin thing but I
watch our DIY 40 Alex flush Erin 43
that's right I feel about it forget
about it they're like yes please
see what the boys are up to look at
these guys
what is that Adamo in your pockets
oh what's on the Hat let me see that hat
no okay okay so my slogans to be dollar
in my pocket plus of dreams so now yeah
dollar in my pocket
yeah he's got dollar new is that is that
the best merch on YouTube ever where do
you get the best March on YouTube Alex
wasabi calm okay okay one more time let
me hear it
Alex wasabi calm okay okay your voice
sounded kind of weird but that's cool
what nothing couple years ago neither of
us had merch now we're on our she's
always there but I just failed
like I didn't follow through but now
that my pocket oh yeah okay okay okay
you got me when I okay okay yesterday's
blog everybody said it was a boyfriend
versus boyfriend I don't know why you
look at the title let me see that's why
I don't what is it boy I thought that's
what you were insinuating I woke up I
said hey Alex like I felt like I don't
know what like I was like is he trying
to tell me Beatrice be a man's best
friend I didn't date I forgot is it you
or is it hey let me smell it
oh this is not helping our case they get
their eyebrows done together anyways
shopping together I was like if I was
gonna have a boyfriend it would be you
I got you some post-date presents yeah
number one absolutely piece number two
cream soda
you like I'll drink it okay yes but I
got two for myself so you can have that
one yeah if you guys haven't had cream
soda let me show you what this is all
happened oh so good so it's like the
same face we can we eat chick-fil-a I
feel like it's good welcome to the end
of vlog talk today was a day well spent
because it was spent with Lauren we had
a good date had fun
all right guys along Pepe Pepe Pepe now
it's time to tell you how you can get
one of the last three tie-dye how much
wasabi hoodies that sold out on the
quickness all you have to do is go to
the saw be calm and buy one of these
shirts if you already did then you're
already entered in because when you buy
one you have to sign up so I know
exactly who has them I think there's
only 200 left if you think about it out
of all the other giveaways I do
which is super often I usually do like
Instagram that uh fasabi or I do it in
the comment section or I do it on
Twitter and you have to compete with
thousands tens of thousands and
thousands and thousands of people who
enter to win this one there's only gonna
be like 500 feet winners because we only
had 500 of these shirts in stores so go
get yours before it sells out because
that's the only way you're gonna get one
of these tie-dye hoodies for sure
because I have some new new for you next
Friday I'm bringing something back and
you guys are gonna want super bad
because it's the fastest item that has
ever sold out in stores you don't know
what it is because wait you might cuz
you smart is real smart so make sure and
enter right now go go go if it sold out
I'm sorry but I let you know now go now
go check sabi
it's more oh what's going down tomorrow
I've probably told you this but it's
been a while thorn and I and a boy
your friends are in the Tyler Perry boo
to a Madea Halloween movie we're gonna
go to the premiere walk the red carpet
and watch it for the first time and see
ourselves on the big screen you've seen
this in like escape tonight we are not
Lorex yeah well I guess it doesn't
clarify we could be dating in the movie
doesn't clarify it doesn't say we are
we're not in any scenes together well we
are in a couple scenes together but
we're not talking but trust me in my
head I'm like oh who that is who that
girl oh you're blonde enough Oh make
sure to come back tomorrow I'm bringing
you guys along for everything for the
red carpet for the viewing everything
it's gonna be dope and I'll see you
tomorrow until then do me a favor don't
forget remember if you're not smiling
mousse are you smiling oh okay I'm
smiling because you know if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong bye
