the winner of the Instagrammer giveaway
of this hoodie and this church is what
it is would it be what it do go there's
a dog stuck under your calendar why do
you have dogs
lying under your couch this is
unacceptable I'm calling the Animal
Services Association incorporation Oh No
five you said we hike why I got it
hey yesterday's vlog you up and run it's
152 right now oh it's starting at
Tuesday I keep it on until 7:00 p.m.
buffing see what I got to deal with oh
you got to deal with it too I understand
your pain come out come out wherever you
are this is Matt it's a lion that looks
good you know it looks good yes it does
find my own Lorax any times yes you will
this is gonna attract you're gonna find
another girl with the lion shirt on and
you guys are a bond have you seen the
back of it
blueberry are you a real lion five hours
on the clock okay two hours late oh no
you did it you work for two hours you
gotta wear it three more hours you're
lying
no you weren't from 2:00 to 4:00 could
you took a shower you never put it back
on three more hours and I'll walk with
you to get moving
yeah what you have to you never looked
so good
yeah you look better than all my god
they're like smaller each time I put her
on
tonight is why don't you tell your
audience who won in basketball whoa how
about you talking about look at all the
snacks I was like Lauren hooked me up
with the best surprise candy ever
possible in the whole world and she did
it you got the pumpkins on that good you
got the Jolly Rancher chewy bites this
is that good good then you got the hot
Tomales which is on that good good good
then you get some bacon chips she knows
what's my favorite Doritos Cool Ranch
she knows there's my favorite and look
what else she hugged me a widow that's
right
Lauren likes her men fat you like them
big boys Oh moose you want something you
lose some oh sorry bro you guys stay
muscular and skinny and cute okay game
nights has begun we got moose turd we
have guppy and we got muffin it's boys
against girls
Oh Lana Lana okay do you rely
we need to make them lose on I think
she's gonna get done this Oh
boozy don't don't please would be please
we've been working hard I've never
played again oh my gosh don't poke so
hard there we go I get it don't you got
it whoa whoa so much pressure yeah
okay Aaron you got it don't mess up
please Oh Lauren you have any last words
oh no check it check it check it check
it with the camera you're not gonna pay
attention yeah baby care fee yeah Lauren
stop breathing so hard oh we're gonna go
straight out you're not going straight
out I'm not looking because wait don't
there you go yeah be careful thinking
that Veronica is probably the shakiest
and nervous out of the girls so this is
good for us there you go here we go
don't give up on it until it's over take
her down yeah
gosh darn it Susie please focus okay
okay
Oh Jimmy what did you bring over here I
brought you a reparation of the
smartFocus yeah Oh what you mean this
book right here Wow it looks so similar
and it's just brawny yes I will made out
of all the candy I bought what if you or
at least like the evil curse please
don't this is how a scary movie would
start it would be a group of friends get
together yeah you drink and then a curse
is released hope you guys enjoyed game
night but I got something we got to talk
about right you know first off it is the
Instagram emergent giveaway winner I'm
about to announce it right now so open
your earlobes the winner of the if you
believe of this hoodie and this shirt is
Shakira from Australia I know a lot of
you are like and I'm sorry
but don't worry because you could still
get your shirt and your hoodie they're
still in store there's a few left go get
it before it sells out it's gonna be
soon and I'm not putting this one back
in the store but wait next Friday I am
bringing back an item that sold out
within the first three hours that I was
in the store immediately it was gone I
didn't realize how popular it was gonna
be and I said it was exclusive but I'm
gonna bring it back for you one more
time right now everything in the store
is that the lowest price it's ever been
because I lowered all the prices in the
entire store so go check that out real
quick and let your mama know be like
Yelp lowest price it's not my baby last
thing before I go it's the title of this
whole video have to address it and
slightly frustrated but it's all good
let me explain I got my girlfriend Laura
a new car a brand new car she let me
pick what I thought is her perfect car
and I said she can do the same I'm
getting the car first for her as she's
gonna give me one the one I got her came
today I was so excited we waited so long
for the
the car had to get it customized it was
on the way they got here they said yo we
downstairs and I told them the specific
color they we narrowed it down to three
and I said this color and they gave me
the wrong one there was a mixup it's the
right color but it's the wrong shade of
the color that I chose and when I
explained it to the guy we talked to the
manager and he was like yes that's
correct that's you it was our mistake
they don't fix it but they can't get the
car to me until Tuesday I'm gonna get
the car Tuesday fully customized the
right color four wheels all good coming
to me then I can surprise one with it
and you guys gonna find out finally what
the car is next Wednesday so to clarify
you can get the shirts and the hoodies
in the store la beat.com
Wednesday you find out what the new car
that I got Lauren Friday new merch that
has already been out but it's sold out
in the first three hours is back in
stores and all prices are low as they've
ever been so that's all I got for you
guys today see you tomorrow and do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong
