I officially enter myself to be KS eyes
next opponent what it is what it be what
it duped oh I've been going hard in the
gym like hard hard I've been working out
every day just because I don't take you
guys along doesn't mean it's not
happening
but today I'm going to show you what I'm
working with let's go
Moo C mu C had moose come here I got to
tell you something come here
okay stop up okay what one over there
moose I gotta go to work okay I have to
I gotta go I have to Hey oh okay I'll
see you later okay daddy's got to go to
work hey can't a zone Hey
something the hardest workout of my four
month journey so far it's only been like
four five days but it's not a joke
what's up guys today I was gonna film a
regular vlog just a normal day in the
life of Alex wasabi but then I found
that something interesting let me get
you up to speed real quick recently
there were two youtubers Jo eller and
ksi they had a boxing match now this
wasn't just a backyard boxing match this
was legit this was a legit regulation
and boxing match they were given months
and months and months to prepare to
condition their bodies to bulk up to
start eating right to exercise and to
practice is the art of boxing ksi ended
up winning the first ever youtuber
boxing match and now he has opened the
doors for the next Challenger ksi has
decided that the viewers get to vote who
steps into the ring next now look I
don't really get into YouTube drama I
never make any videos about the most
current controversy or anything like
that but this is different all my life I
have just been coasting doing just
enough to get by but not much more and
this is the moment I've been waiting for
I want to push my body to the limit
train harder than I ever have or
probably ever will in my life train so
hard that I can't move and put myself
through the pain and agony necessary to
step into that ring and end it with my
hand raised in the air as the victor
that's movie stuff that's stuff you tell
your grandkids about I am a hundred
percent serious I will dedicate the next
however long they give us to train too
one goal in preparation I looked up the
weigh-ins for the previous fight between
ksi and Joe and this is what ksi weighed
in at 83 kilograms for ksi
83 kilograms and pounds is 182 point
nine eight pounds so basically 183
pounds
I am currently sitting at one hundred
and seventy three point four pounds the
equivalent of that in kilograms is
seventy eight point six five give me
time to Train practice condition hit
that weight and transform my body into a
fighting machine then I'll meet you in
the rain in order to make it into this
fight I'm gonna need your guys's help
comment on my videos comment on all of
ksi videos comment on all of any
youtuber that you know or watch videos
tweet it out Instagram story about it
snapchat story about it and give me a
chance to show you guys and prove to
myself that I can go the distance case I
said in his latest video that he's gonna
put it up to a vote in a few days after
whoever wants to enter enters so I'm
gonna need you guys to be ready to vote
non-stop to get me into this fight now
look I never brag about numbers or
analytics or whatever but if this is a
numbers game what other challenger has
three point three billion views what
other challenger gets 70 million 80
million sometimes a hundred million
views per month
what other challenger has the staying
power of 12 years on YouTube no one you
will not find another youtuber that is
willing to take on this challenge and
has those numbers guaranteed so ksi if
you're looking for an opponent that has
Drive and the numbers I'm here I'm your
next fight ksi
I could easily be kiss a hundred percent
I've met him in person
just the way he walks us like slow ha ha
I'll be so much faster than him it's
like there's it's not even gonna be a
competition though what yeah okay he has
a little bit more experience cuz he
trained for the first fight but you
don't understand how hard I'm gonna be
going I've already been in the gym
I have Brad as my trainer I talked to
him about boxing and he said if I ever
did eat it he had a guy that 13 and OH
I mean he's won 13 times and lost zero
pounds just making sure I would love to
be voted in because he would think I
know he would think in his head you'd be
like oh this is an easy fight is another
easy win having another big youtuber
defeated on his belt but oh no no easily
I'm not even a really a cocky person I
just know what I'm capable of and I'm
capable of destroying chaos eyes face
just give me the chance I got this I got
it let's go so here it is I officially
enter myself to be KS eyes next opponent
now it's just up to you guys wasabi ins
let's show the world who the real best
family on YouTube is
okay bye
