I was pumped that's how good it is you
love it that much we have goose bumps
what it is would it be what it do duh
now I know the whole reason you guys are
here is because you want to enter the
giveaway of the new wasabi merch that is
in store that Alex's be calm and all the
items are lower the prices forever it's
not a exclusive discount they lo forever
hey excuse me sir I'm trying to vlog
what why are you scared of two dogs come
on guys go you guys are too manly for
muffin you guys are rambunctious okay go
Oh Lucy you can walk around in your
underwear in my apartment right guys so
stick around
cuz you gonna find out all that stuff on
the students own but first I got a
present for Aaron dude do you already
know what it is cuz that box right there
is what it is okay well that's what it
is but first I'm gonna need you to plug
out how many plug items how about
getting you in your life okay maybe but
you gotta put all your other punch stuff
on first and you got the onesie
you got uncle pug you got the pug
blanket you got pug everything you had a
pug bro out yes okay come out come
on there's not there's no such thing as
too much pug whoa you are plugged out
okay you got the Pug onesie you got the
bug shirt off and you got the Pug
blanket all right nice is you guppy
that's you he pulled out okay now that
you're plugged out you may open your
present
that's right
Wow you look good right fuzzy don't let
me to come back no no look he's pug but
he got he got a pug shirt you got a pug
onesie had a pug I mask yeah blanket you
could look like a pug but you don't
you're not acting like a club oh you
don't wear this out tonight I'm gonna be
offended no you don't remember this I do
I love it and I'm very horny without
almost I'm sorry go I can't wear this
out okay you have to wear all day
tomorrow all day okay at least five
hours in a row oh my god okay okay five
hours you deal okay you can you can plug
out all right you can unplug now you
look good though you look good Thanks so
listen act like a bum how do you act
like a bug oh I see what you did there
how do you do you show us how do you act
like a bug out of your first of all
plugs on four four four limbs you're on
two
doing that every morning like Guppies
like bro I thought that was a secret
between but froze I was cleaning up and
I was looking at these shoes look at
this these are Aaron's feet
they're like 13 or 12 whatever size 12
then you got my feet right here those
are about average 10 and a half then you
got lower and rocking with the little
baby shoes and then you guys lose these
tiny little baby feet - Chris yeah the
smelliest of all Lauren why are your
feet so small when are you done growing
I wonder what the ones you're next Chris
Byrne what when did you stop you don't
think that's something you should share
with your boyfriend I always thought I
was gonna have a super tall girlfriend
one day yeah is that gonna happen
my hand is as big as your foot so your
are you saying that's not gonna happen
that sucks
no I'm gonna have a growth spurt - oh my
god no I'm not am I done growing thank
you this way but not like I'm six foot
you might go this way what no hey well
yeah well at least I'm taller than you
Porter why are there characters on this
Vicki all week school which is happening
people there you go good night guys come
on Busey went out with some people's so
we hooked muffin up with little
makeshifts house because coffee and
muffin are just rough house boys they
just want to wrestle and muffin is a is
a royal princess she is nice her royal
castle or royal water bowl are you good
right okay you keep a keep an eye on the
cookies for us while these guys are
cooking let me enjoy that
what's hobby kitchen that's right
but none of us are in kitchen just for
you this one I know I say this every
time but this one right here is all that
dough so Josh I'm here I'm here I am you
might make a furnace but in a bowl yeah
it sounds weird do the weirdest things
always end up being the most delicious
I think it'll ever t of cooking the meat
before coming over here but all we have
to do now is that B is heat it up and
then had a couple ingredients to it and
we're on our way and that's it that's it
what do we do this that's for later
can I touch it yes nice you can't even
see the foil under there there's a
diagram so I have to do with one finger
just like that just like that that's it
and then we got to just melt it and then
we got a hide mustard and ketchup
because what's a cheeseburger without
mustard and ketchup I don't think I say
this enough but you've got a big brain
you got a big brain my boy let me not
put your head and see this sounds Hollow
well I mean psyche that's a big brain
that didn't sound hollow at all I don't
understand look what did you hear is I
heard something different you don't hear
that I hear I hear all of it oh you know
what it is what internally it sounds
different than what solitude chew chew
chew chew chew
now we gotta add our ketchup and our
mustard oh wow whoa this is not your
first rodeo I've done it before it's
over we're just gonna combine all this
together until it's one even consistency
now what are you ready what building is
bad boy what is this for that's the Hat
first thing is to add a couple pickles
to the bottom of this bowl dis ya cuz
normally you would put pickles on top of
your cheeseburger right I love pickles
you like onions on your cheeseburger I
don't like when you don't have to put
onions on your cheeseburger then I'm
gonna put my cheeseburger I'm relieved
we're gonna fill it with cheese see you
yes
you got a line the whole bowl full
inside like making sure that there's
nothing showing oh you mean like that
dad like that like that like that oh now
we put the meat ah like we're tucking it
in yeah this is you bet the good night
night hamburger I'm gonna guess that
right is that Spanish I heard a little
French in there yeah they say the French
and again bacon put it on the top like
that bacon on the bottom and you put it
on it up and the top is where I make it
gotta gotta go yo bacon bacon bacon
kitchen's goes on top not too fun now go
Wow
okay all right make it into somewhat of
a equal Schaefer now we take it like
this yeah most one you want to make sure
that the cheese is tucked in one last
step for threaded in the oven we're
gonna mix up this angle over here okay
we're gonna paint it on the top of this
it's gonna give it a really awesome
golden brown color
we go hey Choji with all of God's snap
what do most keepers have on top of life
Oh Fred fun yeah yeah Oh pickle this
time but one thing looks kinda goodie
that's crazy isn't a burger upside-down
burger kind of top Pike situation is
that what they call it maybe come back
to my homeland they call it
inside out upside down soggy kitchens
make sure like subscribe to our you
smells and tweet lunch the judge outside
your creations of you making this let us
know how excited you were and that way a
little bit more yeah oh I envy how comfy
you look muffin
I meant yet oh you like it we should go
into Peck instruction we should guys
what happens Marvin we've got 18 seconds
okay should we be out partying with all
the other kids oh yeah we have how
cookies
they have my cookie we have cookies and
Alex is not anywhere today I'm sorry
calm okay here we go
here we go soon they kept they kind of
cook we take them out to would you like
some milk ready yeah
they're perfect three two one
oh my gosh the whole thing some of you
might have noticed that I like to put an
ice cube in my milk
cuz that weird what he told me you
thought it was it was cute ice cube I
got padding aside yeah to the end of our
talk I'm about to hit you with that new
new with that Murch new new giveaway the
new works in stores right now available
for you as soon as this floor came out
and it's gonna sell out on the quickness
I promise it always does
so go get the new merch right now and
then also after you dealer to come over
and join the giveaway this is how the
giveaway about to go down all you do
make sure you subscribe like this vlog
follow me on Instagram go to this
picture that I just posted like it and
then comment down below anything you
want that comment section is where I'm
gonna randomly go to pick the winner
within the next 24 hours you guys can go
caption how your day was you can answer
the question in the caption you can tell
me your favorite vlog you can do
anything you can even spam it meaning
you can comment off for two times but if
you've done one of these Vasavi
Instagram giveaways before you know that
instagrams will stop you they will be
like hey that's enough comments for
right now and shortly after they stop
you from commenting you'll be able to
comment once again so you got 24 hours
make sure comment as many times you want
that's shirt I do what I'm not gonna say
anything about it in the comments
there's not gonna be a shirt or a hoody
no merch at all in the picture because I
don't want somebody from Instagram to
win I want somebody to watch the vlogs
and follows me on Instagram to win so I
want somebody that found out about it
from the vlog to win the giveaway and I
can't wait to see all the pictures you
guys send me on Twitter of you wearing
the new news now just make sure you're
subscribed you like this vlog you like
the picture and you follow me on
instagram person I check all four for
sure
hopefully Lauren's brand-new surprise
car is ready tomorrow so I can finally
give it to her
hopefully it's tomorrow I'll be very
surprised if it's not see you guys the
next vlog till then do me a favor
talking to liber8 you're smiling you're
doing
