question am I your best friend you said
yes machine says what would it be what
he'd do
so first things first your boy needs a
haircut and your boy bout to hook me up
with it
finally I know it's been a long overdue
I need it I need it please a few inches
later this is like get this panel show
ya looks like somebody punched you in
the back of the head no Lee you got a
disease you're you're dying oh my god yo
I can't take a picture yeah Oh scary
oh my gosh I think he says he just gotta
kind of go after one hopefully now that
my hair is looking all good and fresh I
think it's time that you and I arranged
a heart-to-heart you know that's from
you know a nice bra made on what is it
what is it I think it's time that you
and I arranged a heart-to-heart it's
okay we're deal oh this guy well you
know what okay hold on it's time for me
to show you the hoodie that you've all
been waiting for my favorite hoodie I've
ever made so far out sabi calm but first
I gotta go put on the shirt Oh
this is the brand new shirt that's
coming out on Friday 13th now let me
show you those what do you get it go to
go Oh what else do you do whoa whoa oh
okay that might take some practice
chicken nugget what do you think
guppy most you like it - yes thank you
guys I'm so good
I'm sorry soon dogbert soon I promise
I promise Busey you like it do you want
a hoodie you want a hoodie you like it
that's dope right you've been missing
from my life for a long time I have a
lot of questions
haha on the lie detector really I'm
breathing hard and then our friendship
is on the line this is the line that's
our friendship we auntie what question
could you ask me I can on me right now
you supervise you like do you love me
I'm me first question am I your best
friend
Oh
we get right into it yes okay see I'm
trying to control my breathing like guys
like this is the link down it difference
like I'm having a heart attack
yeah in this laughing it adjusts the
heartbeat and everything you ready yeah
Busey yes Yussef yeah
do you like guppy more than moose my way
this is yes or no fire yeah but you can
I'm not gonna lie though if I answer
this my answer would be to try to do
with the heart lie-detector one what is
tell me what you want
um I'm you like nothing more the moose
why am I trying to find it just I don't
know the answer um because this is gonna
really think your head do you like
nothing more than news this is a painter
yes okay this is not what I'm playing
right now I'm putting the lie detector
game it's not gonna be the system excuse
me sir yeah sir you there longer than me
yes
oh well you need a bigger body this is
that if that said yeah if anything's
online it's stupid are you funnier than
me no oh yeah I think I'm gonna I think
I'm a loser
I swear
losers I think you're funny Oh both
nerds this is the last question already
yeah this means a lot to me I need your
honest truth
okay do you think I'm manly man he
really made me laugh so that messes up
the radar no Lawrence I wasn't and who
was right who was wrong
they all told the truth like Lauren
honestly thinks I'm not manly and a
little bit I really do is that all the
question wow yeah we would find the
truth out now boy the machine seems to
have detected irregularities do you want
to exceed any of your answers here we go
go here we go here we go don't look
question am I your best friend you said
yes machine says truth
boom dead guy here now they don't allow
out here we don't play game no do you
like guppy more than moose
Bri said yes that's a you said but
because I was also like laughing and
yeah but using it yeah heavy trauma and
science says truth Oh interesting what
you guys said are you a better blogger
than mo come on you said yes that has to
be true
this is undetermined because you're
conflicted your heart says I'm better
than you but your mind says not not with
you you demand okay yeah alright yeah
are you said no polygraph says why no I
do think you're funny you're funny
you're funny
no in videos acting but what's the last
one do you think I'm manly that's
truthful he said no yeah that's truthful
it's truthful yeah
okay so you remember yeah I know but you
know think I mean no I told you that I
tell you that all the time that's not it
but that's just how about what did you
change do this do this yo yo what it is
is 2:26 time to go to bed nope what
you're not my neighbor Susie it's too
late I can okay has that a key you know
god you don't live next to me Louie you
don't even have a door nobody believes
you bro you know last year floozy was my
neighbor
okay let's see let's see let me see
welcome is it the exact same apartment
is mine reverse Wow we're twinning whoa
did three bedroom are you by yourself
this is crazy the same table same chair
and seemed s this is Aaron's room in my
room this is Aaron's room only Louie
check out his balcony doors already see
a personalized oh yeah I always thought
that was you Susie or not Susie
oh that's wuzzy for sure welcome to the
end of vlog talk now I know what you
guys are thinking where is that
brand-new car but you said that you
bought for your girlfriend laurdiy
well I just talked to my car guys and
they said they're putting the finishing
touches on it right now the car should
be ready tomorrow or the next day this
week she's getting her brand-new car and
I really hope she likes it now to get
back to the merge tomorrow at 3 p.m.
when the vlog comes out not only well
the new shirt and the new woody be
available in the store I'm also gonna do
a giveaway and tomorrow's vlog so make
sure you come back to that so there's
gonna be look you're gonna get this
shirt you're gonna get the hoodie it's
gonna be dope for sure and that's not
all starting tomorrow all the merch
items in all of the stores ah be calm
all the prices are gonna be going down
now the new shirt and the new hoodie are
gonna be exclusive when they sell out
I'm probably not gonna restock them
because I got some new ideas I got some
new shirt ideas some new other merchant
item ideas that I'm gonna be taking its
place when that sells out which will be
on the quickness because you guys are
always on it right away but the new
lower prices are for ever they're gonna
be in the store forever I'm never
bringing them back up I'm just trying to
make sure all my wasabi ins that come
back every single day with all that
support can get there wasabi merch so
everything is going down all the prices
going down the Hat shirts hoodies the
other more times everything everything
going down
today make sure to come back tomorrow to
enter the giveaway go check out the new
prices go check out the new merch get it
the for sells out I'll see you tomorrow
and do me a favor don't forget to
remember to subscribe and like this vote
but also if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong
