I think it's time we let them in on the
big announcement we what it is when it
be what does it do oh we're what I do
doh
today we have a super special surprise
for you guys it's super exciting we're
getting our dog no but you just have to
wait and see we're on the way there
right now and you gonna have the
surprise of your life time was just
needed we made it to the first
destination and it's time we let them in
on the big announcement we are going to
but why you're a doom to when you sign a
16 month lease yes I actually have
another year on my lease so I can't move
in with her but once that's done then
maybe if she still likes me we'll figure
it out in a year so one day Warren and I
will live together no one moving with me
hey you know L stands for lame-o Lorax
Luther okay I think that last one back
and now to look at the final house that
Lauren is looking at to buy as her first
place of residence that I'm not moving
into whoa that's cool oh my god what the
hell if you like it yeah this is large
is this too much space for you me too
upstairs upstairs go go so you can help
him poop yeah poop don't lie there's a
lot of steps I'm tired there's a lot of
steps or a room for our kids for our for
our twins no we can set another bed for
our triplets I've always wanted a twin
this spider right there
you wanna move into the BR he's like by
now well look at his bathroom oh this
might be our new house but my shirt
matches your skirt so it means I have to
move in right in a year okay hey I'm
your boyfriend
and not been making the slaggy slacks on
the health
I hate five eight five ice cream bars a
day
yeah I know I have a problem so I'm
gonna do some push-ups all right pretty
sure this is a move two three - OH - oh
my God look how small it is
okay GUP you look you see that this is
your brother's tooth right there hey hey
don't eat why is that wire I told you
what it is but you still will not you
though no crazy person good back to
push-ups move trying to stay hot hot
mama under no circumstances there's a
moose get under a like he's doing
push-ups got it good
all right you're right I did say don't
get under Matt and say you can't get on
top of me was no biting face let me do
my push-ups ah he got me he got me I
don't got no more musso's for today you
make a daddy fact do me a favor what I
just need you to remember all the way
back to yesterday remember we're sitting
on the couch
enjoying each other's company like Mario
Cart and then you lost and then so
conveniently you fell asleep right there
like that what you're supposed to do
something cuz you've lost come on here
you go it's for you now there you go let
me get that for ya there you go you have
to your destiny ready now to good
harvest yeah definitely have plenty ball
harvest oh my gosh you're pulling these
are out of my face my tweezers psyche
fun a little bit and do you like it but
then yeah yeah I feel like a new man
Lauren they think they us yeah I think
they can lift each other like we can
lift each other still doing the giveaway
on my Twitter if you didn't know go
retweet that tweet if you want one of
these or given a few weight to some
friends but I still got a bunch more to
give away
yeah
I'm so tired moose I have a guest
staying with us so I need to blow this
up you're gonna pop it don't pop it okay
it's gonna be pops he likes it
do you like it miss don't bite it no
don't bite it hey there you go a lot of
stuff went down today but I had a
special guest I was gonna be staying
with us for about a week but he never
showed up didn't text me didn't call me
nothing so I guess I cleaned up this
room for nothing
hey fuzzy muffins here - everybody's
here what you haven't been in one of my
vlogs in six months I don't know I got
to the end of log talk doe
oh you try hop in I then welcome to the
end of vlog talk this boy's gonna be
staying with me for a week expect more
fuzzy and a bunch of upcoming vlogs also
tomorrow's vlog I am telling you what
the second merch item is you already
know what this one is
tomorrow you find out what the next one
is then Friday at 3 p.m. when that blood
comes out they all go live they're all
in this is all I'm not to show you I'm
about to show you hold this what do you
think tell me truth hey hey so find out
what that is tomorrow you gonna be
exciting 100% to be most your favorite
thing ever I'm probably gonna wear it
more than any of my March and uh I know
you guys want me and Lauren to move in
together I know but I have a lease that
means I got C in this apartment for a
year and then
if she allows me I can move in with
Lauren I think y'all need to move in
together have your birthday okay all
right that's all I see you tomorrow and
do me a favor don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong
