okay yeah okay three two one meet
everybody what it is wouldn't we
wouldn't do dog today is the day the day
you've all the waited for the day I've
been waiting for
it's a girlfriend rank I've been trying
to set this up forever she knows that
there's a prank today but she doesn't
know how it's about to go down and she
doesn't know what it is at all even a
teeny tiny bit now we've gotta make
moves so here's how the pranks gonna
work I'm gonna go to Lauren's apartment
which is about a 10-minute walk from my
place when I get there I'm gonna hide
around the corner call Lauren say hey
come to my place for a surprise prank
that you already know about which is
gonna be epic
she then arrives in my apartment she
will then find out that no one is there
except for Glenn and she is looking the
letter on the counter that letter will
read
while she's distracted at my place I'm
going to use the extra emergency key she
gave me to her apartment to go upstairs
set up the prank get everything done
everything ready by the time she makes
it back it's a perfect plan
let's go
Oh
do you hear me yeah I need you to come
over I need you come over right now
no more naps none that I need to come
over so I can not crank you come come
it's a good break I told you it's a good
print you're like it hurry okay the plan
is in motion the job I don't want to get
pranked please okay anybody here how
does it get here how do you know what's
happening geez please tell me tell me
all the secrets what's happening what's
the prank goobie tell me tell me tell me
prank tell me tell me the prank on
though this looks cryptic on now dude
took a nugget I wrote this letter to
inform you that I'm at your apartment
sitting prepared to be praying I'm
totally myself Jimmy why would they do
this to us why would they do this to us
well okay no that's my finger
no no thank you okay I have been duped I
don't know what to do now
I think I just go home okay I'm gonna go
home now
hold on hold on don't look pay hey did
you hear did you hear all the people a
lot of people need you to meet all right
don't be nervous
filming there be here close your eyes
cover your own eyes okay I'm gonna lead
you in don't look okay okay put your
hands on me just don't look so you can
follow me
don't don't close your eyes super
close them everybody Shh
don't look please don't look you're
gonna mess it up okay cover your eyes
with your hands don't look okay you're
gonna meet everybody no you have like
like over a hundred eyeballs on you
right now okay yeah okay three two one
meet everybody
you can bring that loose but a lot of
mooses actually moose is one of these is
moose he's sitting very still
yeah this one's the real one what do you
think good thing i soldier you're gonna
like it
I had it took me forever to do this I'm
gonna punch it don't punch it you put
your son there's a that's a picture I
didn't she'd be so moose yeah I was
waiting for you to take him out I
haven't taken him out yet
I don't know how I don't think he's
gonna realize that it's him okay moose
here we go Hey do you notice that
there's all these dogs look there you go
he's confused
look look whatever this isn't really you
think is this a dog party yeah he does
not care at all which one's the real
nose
well I hope you guys enjoyed that prank
was that your favorite everything I
think we should give some away if you
guys
to win some of these mooses we're out
into the mall away but we do need to
find some good homes for them both my
twitter access hobby and retweet the
tweet and you're automatically entered
to win oh and make sure you subscribe do
me a favor and don't forget to remember
what if you're not smiling what you're
doing it wrong
