you might be 10,000 oh well what it is
would it be what it do go I got a lot of
stuff going on today I gotta go see my
friends show we gotta give Musa back I
got a wasabi kitchen for you which is on
that dope yo and I am releasing new
merch on Friday the 13th next Friday
oh wait Friday 13th is it that day but
it's a good day for the wasabi cuz we
got some new merch coming out I got two
things one thing
Lauren super excited about I'm super
excited about I'm excited about both but
one thing but the other one I'll show
you later today so stay tuned
let's make moves are you ready for the
concert I can't hear you I was in the
clear but I'm not I guess I'm gonna make
you feel better
I got your Clark yeah dude I picked it
out I'm serious I got it I think the
interior I think the outside I think
everything I haven't got the tires
custom why so nervous you said you would
let me pick your car if I let you pick
my car you're just coming Wednesday well
Tuesday but they're gonna find out
Wednesday and we give you a hint it's
all green like wasabi okay it's not but
I have a little tiny Alex on the hood as
a hood hood ornament and he's standing
there and his hands out like he's flying
no you go find out you know what I think
I'm gonna hit him with that montage doll
like I feel like I petted it before you
say yes
here we go the moment of truth
why are they
this guy in the vlog it's a good thing
have snacks
I have no snacks it's a mud bucket time
ten minutes you're gonna be so clean and
not sticky anymore I'm so proud of you
you are the stinkiest of all the
stinkiest okay okay don't drink that
that's kind of gross I'm a hundred
percent sure that dog bath water does
not taste good they gave one time and I
tasted it and it was gross
okay I'm here with you I'll hold your
head because it's so big and heavy good
boy Wow he's not fighting here today yet
not yet oh not like that that's doggy it
will give you a hint it rhymes with
caboose yeah Wow good this guy says to
hold with the legs rub with the hands
got it make sure you get every little
bit of CT because he's a mega stinky
under snow can't be the stinky before
really yeah it's stinky and stuff
pinkies today Christie you can't be too
you have to beat you didn't want to get
it even in Becky's another Frankie you
gotta leave it to you and I think we got
it come on what's he never got you I'm
scared what is about to occur in my
laughs okay there's some way this is the
most way I've never seen anybody never
excited it's really wet dog okay it's
believed my favorite yeah it's clean
white dog my dog it's still wet dog you
so cooperative today a little run around
shake there we go mr. shakey shake come
on you got more shakes I know it moose
is super fresh and super clean and I am
going to show you one of the two new
merch is coming up Friday but first I
got to show you what this is actually
I'll show you this after a side the
kitchen go
big kitchen
well we go create some dope dope for
your face to enjoy in your eat booze and
then you can make it home for your mouth
hole it's gonna be great though first I
need my boy Josh Josh usually just Jeff
Josh Alex
Alex let's get started but that time I
came over and I stuffed Oreos in a
cinnamon roll and they like how do I
knew that I'm doing that right now it's
a broad easy regular Oreos are using
cookie butter or you know just try okay
graham cracker cream yeah this is brown
this is pretty as always you could do
the honors if you got a defective one I
think I've been again late last night
remove the safety oh yeah see he's off
put those icings aside it sounded like
if you have enunciate your words got to
be very correctly linked in my choice
for the session special take the Oreo
okay put it in the center and close the
bottom flip it put it in a muffin tray
and then we bake it that's it that's it
my little buddies bye this might be the
easiest one a mix of water not done oh
oh oh oh
don't please the fastest heat you never
created we got the water stopped
cinnamon roll the cupcakes for what's
cupcake SEMA we not only one icing but
two icing some procedure we doing here
please kind of I think we're gonna do a
feature I like to call
I just got to the cookie coming through
for another wasabi kitchen with me and
my boy Josh check it out Oreo stuck
cinnamon roll cupcakes all day every day
moving on you know I know that wasabi
kitchen was on that dope dope but I'm
super excited about this one right here
you know just one right here he's like a
vault you let me tell you what this one
right here is yeah okay so this one
right here is a supernova this is the
world's fastest human-powered device no
only he hates this thing okay let me
show you how it's done this is a
rotating weight in there and it's on a
ball-bearing
it's like all along something is trying
to get away from you yeah it's rotating
we go oh don't stop don't let stuff go
oh my gosh go go go keep it going okay
okay this thing also records rpm so we
can see how fast can get it rotating we
could take turns that you see who's the
fastest and who has the best Rasengan
yeah there's no way there's no way we're
392 I watched a lot Naruto's I think it
does I did too boy let's go as fast as
you can I mean you got to slowly build
it up but eventually I'll get fast oh
you gotta get it you gotta get it as a
fastest speed is again that's it okay
let's see otherwise all seven eight zero
one okay
oh no restart oh you gotta feel the
weight pulling you and then i zoom zoom
zoom they go oh I hope it's on
everybody it's one chance starting now
go Jimmy listen to the Moose bar as your
power arises ah mm you might be 10,000
oh whoa oh oh we've another challenger
oh I'm hearing it doesn't support a
champion now let me show you just merch
I've been talking about all this vlog
for everyday let's go introducing some
beats I got sure
boom this is what you've got one of the
two new work items coming out this
Friday turquoise is my favorite color
this is all kinds of blue in it and it's
tight and your work in the Alex of sabe
all day just for you now you know make
sure to get your shirt as soon as it
comes out on Friday at 3:00 p.m. before
it sells out find out what the next
shirt is on Thursday welcome to the end
of vlog talk three things super quick
first tomorrow's vlog is gonna be the
prank that I've been planning for ever
on Lauren she knows as a prank but she
doesn't understand what it is she
doesn't know what it is she gonna find
out and you gonna find out tomorrow I'm
ready you ready then I'll win this vlog
I'm having Lauren her new car to help me
pick every little detail about it she
has no idea what's coming
it might be a Range Rover it might not
be I told her I got it don't worry about
it it's gonna be on that dope dope and
she's gonna find out what that in on
Wednesday saw and last thing I got for
you the $5,000 contest is still going on
if you don't know what I'm talking about
that you haven't been keeping up go to
this vlog who wants $5,000 parentheses
not clickbait parentheses with this
thumbnail go there find out the rules
enter I'm excited to you wins that's all
I got for yesterday
new merch Friday 13th and uh do me
favorite don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it okay
bye
