you close your eyes close your eyes what
is would it be what to do I got some
news but I don't know if I believe it
through all right man
tell them what's about to go down
welcome back to another hobby catching
today we're gonna hook you up with some
of that one she's gonna be on that dope
dope usually we hook you up with a
dessert but today I thought we'd switch
it up we just got away from a boy Josh
to show up oh wait I was supposed to
pick him off bareback
hey well I'm sorry I accept your apology
be ready for lunch today making two
types of grilled cheese but you don't
need not making regular grilled cheese
you know we're gonna cut the crusts off
this bread and roll it up into a group
cheese roll up so we have all of our
things we have to make him yes yeah with
cheese with cheetahs charity some living
we what do you say this list
what does cheese no
you know how to do this because we did
it with the PB&J oh yeah dude it was
meant for this Wow later
roll it up as high as possible you can
eat this like this if you wanted to
but this is a little sloppy kitchen and
we ain't basic Wow let me get them sound
effects bleep bow bow bow now I like
same thing as he did before okay like
your breath is very very dirty wonder
it's so durable I've seen either you're
sweating over there
oh thank you you know I spent a lot of
money that's what you're always thinking
leader bread to the frying pan oh isn't
afraid to run over the Margay can you
just for like one time just do it oh
it's not Michael this is war wash one
finger I was gonna do it arts and crafts
time okay paint the pan with the butter
hand painting it's what I was born to do
it's like an amusement park for flutter
or arts and crafts with food seems like
a deal we take more of the butter
painting and you can name the top of it
oh and now we wait and we clip
hear that sizzle oh I hear it it means
it's time to flip when you hear the
sizzle it's time to make a flipple hear
the sizzle it's time to make a couple go
here we have our trusty wasabi kitchen
mascot guppy the Pug he's also our
animal vacuum cleaner good job keep
doing what you do it keep up the good
work we're all probably these are
definitely a new go-to snack whenever I
need to make something else they listen
so bread so chance some Pam your bacon
and then roll it up by getting a way to
cook it it's gonna eat it the death of
you delicious just throwing it out there
you can totally do the exact same thing
with you know what else you could do one
Tosh
there's the best thing on the route of
my life ah
we've gotta need these groceries
roll-ups
yes grilled cheese roll-ups for your
fake wasabi kitchen lunch edition with
my boy Josh we're gonna be making a lot
more if you give this vlog splash
rossabi kitchen a baby Mike don't forget
to turn on the notifications Mel cuz
it's necessary they're getting notified
when we make it more of this dope don't
know what Josh oh dude that cops I
stopped Elkin he's making all kinds of
pretty stuff that's all coming up today
moving on the block
okay what's the big news
oh I'm ready all right they're ready for
you to lie about it to this apartment
building same floor I don't believe you
alright where's the key
that's what I thought that's what I
thought I don't know oh I'm not gonna
believe it till I see it
oh yeah yeah yeah that's convenient with
the moves okay that's the gup-e no
where's the Mose okay hello you got so
big so the last time I saw you it got so
big for the last time I saw you I said
we'll be in the goose and the cookies
all right guess what Susie said you got
the apartment next s I don't believe
neither
who's your keys that's what I said lie
lies you said tomorrow
Oh
look okay I see nothing look right right
okay Susie do you know what's in the
fridge yeah and you haven't told me
you're trusting boyfriend Tommy Tommy
Birds
okay Tommy Tommy okay okay yes I can
touch your roots or your face okay cuz I
see what's in the freezer at least it's
covering it I just I was sorry sighs I
have to eat it knows gonna buy you
something that 50
thank you I'm sorry Barney to get that
yeah well thank you now that I've seen
my surprise and I'm super excited about
it thank you you ready to watch the
Lorex music video you ever want to see
yet because I told you not to just say
ready beat hey thank you you ready ready
do you got your video watching eyeballs
on you want to change about are these
those aren't the right ones you got a
change of money with these you got to
take those out first and then put these
no it's a layer on top oh yeah you told
me not really men don't we're gonna want
it together
- Brad you just your hands very busy you
are crazy
I see you JC caylen I see you bro JC
yeah your name you can keep the change
buy it on iTunes now subscribe like the
blog see you guys tomorrow
Alex wasabi not lorry that way I moved a
mini bully Bobby hey
you have to promo my Instagram you lost
the bed what what man on both Twitter
polls it was a tweet tweet why are you
lost both Twitter polls of my Instagram
is better and the loser - yeah no you
had a poll to see whose Instagram was
better and then we made a bet that I
would tweet this you heard his rounds
better and I did tweet that show me the
broom I look back I gotta find it I'll
find it but it's there I did it uh-huh
yeah it's there I know you only a tweet
I did all moose
yeah give me a twit welcome to the end
of vlog talk are you ready
we're gonna prank mom on Monday okay and
then a Tuesday's vlog it's gonna be epic
okay yeah okay ready look at the
preparations ready good boy let's talk
about the past
meaning yesterday yesterday was dope
because the first-ever Lorex music video
came out and it did great I think right
now it's like a lot of views and that's
good you guys really like it has a lot
of downloads on iTunes and you can go
get it if you have it on iTunes maybe
try to buy it again I don't think you
can do that but today see you tomorrow
and until then do me favor don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong mmm
bye
