so without further ado introducing the
sneak peek of the first-ever Lorax music
video titled what what happy one to go
bye guys let's go that way now bad room
I'm finally back oh well not whole the
my mouth Hartman home is in North
Carolina either way I'm glad you back
I'm glad too Wow give me goober good big
goober
hey good pickup a crowbar did you miss
me did you miss me did you miss me did
you miss me Cappy Cappy okay you
probably shouldn't play with that though
cuz you could you could choke on it take
me back I need that I need that hey now
there's something I've been thinking
about all week and uh and it's about
doing another wasabi kitchen but first I
need my ice cream second I'm gonna need
some help
far out Lauren I need your hat I need
your head I need your hit I need I need
your help
so let me explain Aaron is in North
Carolina his flight is a little bit
after mine but he said do not open the
freezer because there's a surprise in
there for me I said I did not know that
I have a bunch of ice cream in there
that I've been thinking about the whole
time I've been in North Carolina I have
a choco taco I don't know if you know
what choco taco is this will chuckle
chuckle that is in this freezer right
now waiting for me but I promised my
brother I wouldn't go for it and I said
what if I reach in what if I reach in
without looking and just grab it he said
no if you touch it I don't know what it
is even without looking at it and I was
like gadzooks brother why would you do
that he said he put it right on top of
my ice cream
he knows I'm like oh my so we're gonna
need some some teamwork - whoa hey Joel
hey Josh I don't see you good job
oh there you are okay we're gonna have
to use some teamwork to maneuver around
his presence because I can't look in
there but I could put you above the
freezer without looking I can't look at
the screen either because I'll see
what's in there and then you tell me if
there's any ice cream around the
surprise that I can reach without
touching it and then you have to
navigate me okay
okay okay hold on guppies here to make
sure I'm not gonna peek right guppy
that's right this is the freezer I'm not
gonna look but it is though I have no
idea he gets back at midnight I'm gonna
find out okay can I reach in there okay
I'll let you scan the scanner the whole
freezer okay is there ice cream that I
can reach without touching the prize
okay here we go okay
yeah navigate me this side you're this
side this side okay okay when you're
gonna reposition for meet you now Oh
okay thank you for your assistance every
time I go out of town I come back home
to packages on packages on packages on
packages and like packages and like
three more packages behind that box so
there's some secret packages you know
for future now I look through all these
packages and most of them are for future
videos that I'm excited to show you
about and some of them are presents for
my friends because I like to give
presents as a prizes to my friends but
there's one thing but I haven't opened
yet and I'm pretty sure I know what it
is by the shape of the box but I think
it's something that we should open
together oh and by the way I got some
new merged samples so I could check them
out a person and they run derby at
stores on that so soon so be prepared
back to the surprise box here we go yeah
some of you might know what this is I
think I know what it is as well yes I
knew it I knew it in my brain hole guys
ready you guys ready you ready ready
this is probably my million subscribers
1 million subscribers yes let's see
that's right 1 million subscribers ok oh
why why Wow wasabi productions
congratulations for passing 1 million
subscribers 9 times if you're a true
wasabi being you know I have 9 million
subscribers and it's not YouTube's fault
you too did not send me this late they
71 years and years and years ago
probably over like 8 years ago but I
gave it to Roy when he left the channel
as a nice farewell present as I came in
I'm gonna miss you as part of the wasabi
productions but you're moving on the
guava juice and I understand you got a
goal on your new path and it's fired
everybody you gotta take your path you
gotta do what you got to do but also
here take this to remember me by so I
requested for a new one and they sent it
I haven't seen OSI productions million
subscriber black in like two or three
years it's been so long my friend
welcome home we're gonna hang you own oh
I like this picture we're gonna take
that one down oh right here boy boy are
you about to be hung right here no noise
oh wait wait wait we have an empty spot
right there we might as well just put it
right here this is what you brought to
reside boy that's right yeah yeah yeah
now let me hit you with that wasabi
kitchen
wait wait there's one more box I thought
I looked through all the packages but
then I opened this one and I saw a
nice-looking package let's see what this
one is this is probably something super
duper - duper dupa dupa q okay
alright this is from a boy Joey Graceffa
crystal Wolf's rocking in let me see let
me see let me see
Oh got a bath bomb oh look at the book
this is a new book that he wrote this is
uh oh wait oh this is a I always get
that confused it's fiction the one
that's not real or is nonfiction than
one that's not real
you would think nonfiction is the one
that's not real because it says
nonfiction so not real but I think it's
the other way it's a fiction book I got
it I got it fiction this is a fiction
book Joey
wrote that is on that dope dope oh I
probably can't let you see it cuz you
gotta get your own copy but I'm gonna
read it for sure oh and then he hooked
me up with some nail polish nail polish
isn't my thing but maybe guppy can rock
it for a little bit yeah here do you
like crystal wolf oh that's that on a
box you like this let me put it on you
is this dog safe I don't know but we're
gonna find out actually I'm gonna text
Joey first and then and then and then
maybe and then maybe I know I know it's
your color I know I'm sorry let me check
and then what is this crystal wolf oh
that's his jewelry line let's see let's
see oh oh oh but it has some magic power
is Joey hooking me up with some magic
colors oh okay okay and then we got the
bath bomb
nice nice is there any candy in here ah
I don't know why I thought there's gonna
be candy I feel like no matter what the
package is I'm just deep down I'm always
hoping there's candy but this is pretty
dope I'm gonna go read this letter I'm
gonna get superpowers I'm gonna pick up
these nails I'm gonna take a bath bomb
back while I'm reading this book now let
me hit you with that wasabi kitchen
is Halloween with something a little on
the spooky side I thought the boy Josh
here has always been healthy let's go
Josh we're using NYX first time almost
I'll be catch ever
the whisker know which are not waste so
we're making crazy things today right
this alright let's go we're taking so
many snacks go combine them into one
we have Oreo cookies we have cookie
dough we have Reese pieces and
cheesecake all in one thick god
readiness colors yes now we're gonna
make the whole thing orange on top of
that put his Reese's Pieces of on top
and everyone knows these pieces are the
colors of Halloween Reese's pcs not
Reese's Pieces
we should seize these pcs I beg to
differ so the first thing we need to do
is use this to risk all of the
the other chance yeah oh man that takes
some muscle you have to move on to the
next step Oh before you keep whisking
we're gonna add the sugar and add these
eggs Mahotsav know that we're gonna
whisk again
all right take a little bit of this
orange food coloring there turn this
thank you
trust me nobody that's gonna be orange
okay let's see Ruby knows how to say you
trust me move it
that's good
we could set that aside and build our
base you know you love this oh yeah
cookie dough
I'm not time I came over and your entire
fridge was filled cookie dough yeah so
we're gonna spread this cookie dough at
the bottom of this dish okay read it
evenly throughout the entire bottom this
is gonna act as our our cheesecake crust
all nice cookie dough crust
what other kind of question would be
better than none that's the answer if
you know what if it was double
chocolate-chip gonna use how we color if
you guys ever make it in these Missoni
kitchen recipes hook me up send me
pictures on Twitter a lot in Florida
doing it but I want to see everybody no
one ate this looks like magic
okay our piece de resistance and now we
gently place it in the oven and die
looking that this cookie dough Oreo
orange cream in the Oreo orange
cheesecake and ricci PC it's Reese's
Pieces and a species I hear your mouth
watering as you're talking I know
montage
how gurus so good thank you for stopping
by her beside the kitchen hope you liked
this spooky inspirated said the room
where inspirated that's not a word
inspired inspired dish and let me know
if you want us to do a little bit more
of the spooky spooky x' make sure to go
follow my boy Josh youtube.com slash the
Josh L kit or more crazy stuff like this
see you next time at wasabi kitchen yeah
cool
hope you enjoyed that wasabi kitchen but
I have some bad news I accidentally fell
asleep on my couch a little bit because
of the time zone change from North
Carolina to California and it was an
early flight and I couldn't sleep on
that plane so the so there's a lot of
factors to why I fell asleep in that
time my older brother Aaron you might
know him because he's in every single
vlog showed up cuz he had a later flight
than me and then he fell asleep in his
room so that means I still don't know
what is in that freezer from what Lauren
Aaron have said what they have conveyed
to me is that it is extremely epic and
I'm gonna like it a lot but it's killing
me because all I need to do is walk over
there like six steps and pull it open
and use my eyeballs to look and see what
it is but I can't because I made a
promise it's killing me but don't worry
because you and I will find out what is
in that freezer what is the Big Brother
freezer surprise on Saturdays vlog you
guys are probably like but that's just
me Alex so what I have do it not to find
out that in tomorrow's vlog because
there is no vote tomorrow tomorrow is
the first-ever Lord's music video coming
at you live it's gonna be on that dope
dope I can't wait I really
I honestly I haven't seen yet yeah I'm
probably going to have me and Lauren
react to it before we push it live and
then record that and then the video goes
out live on Friday and then I'll post
our reaction Saturday along with finding
out what the Big Brother freezer
surprise is Lauren me and the Gregory
Brothers have been working on this music
video for super hard for super long for
you guys and tomorrow is when it happens
it's coming out tomorrow it tomorrow now
for the good news right now I must show
you a sneak peak of tomorrow's music
video sneak peek means a tiny little
snippet I got 10 seconds for you but
know that it's a lot longer than that
and it's a lot deeper than what you
about to see even though what you bout
to see is on that dope dope and this is
literally all I've seen of the music
video so far so without further ado
introducing the sneak peek of the
first-ever Lorex music video titled
taking my baby
to make me feel like I can make me do
boom there it is expect a lot more
tomorrow that's all I got you guys today
see you on the next vlog and until then
do me a favor don't forget to remember
subscribe and like this violin you're
doing it wrong
