you could turn down the music and turn
it up with your finger look at that down
that's crazy
would it be what to do make sure you
look pretty for school you kind of look
pretty for Stephanie huh
or Becky or Emily
you know Emily there's somebody named
Emily and I bet she cute mm-hmm Glenn
we're gonna be late go go go all right
that's don't okay faster hello you gon
be late
stop moving in slow motion come on hey
we gotta go yeah hey what are you doing
hey what are you doing go get ready you
gotta go to school
yeah oh okay that is the opposite of
getting ready I don't know where
Malaya's hello where are you there you
are okay bye I gotta go you gotta go to
school okay kids I gotta go okay yeah
bye and really have fun at school learn
a lot by Andrew I'll see you after
school eat your lunch study hard okay
bye now
in North Carolina they got something
that California just does not and that
my friends
is Bojangles another thing they don't
got and California is sweet tea come on
we're to sweet tea at Cali
I mean they do have sweet tea a
California boy is not sane not sane and
there's one more thing that they don't
got you got the cajun fries you got the
chicken filet sandwich
you got the lord sweet tea and you know
I'll be rocking with the honey mustard
which is the third thing that County
don't guys come on Kelly
oh oh oh it's been years it's good oh no
they got honey mustard in Cali but it's
not the same it's just not the same are
you rocking with the biscuits and gravy
yeah old school all right big boy you
ready for another car cuz you did this
to the last one we got insurance
you got a Mercedes you ruined your
chances no more Mercedes for you now
we're going to audience hello huh Obama
is that you oh I'm on the way what you
think
try and blow into your hair oh don't get
crazy
oh you're that Singh madam madam yeah
what you think I agree let's go looking
at some other cars E and W B and W which
one is for you I'm not sure ha look at
that look at that doe a what look at
this
so in this 2018 BMW you could turn down
the music and turn it up with your
finger look at that no way and then they
said you can go like this and set it
where it could call somebody for you if
I'm like yo call chicken nugget bow and
then we call it that's crazy
all right I need you read this it's a
mini mini montage
dealership number three we rockin with
the Mercedes once again we're gonna take
it on a little test drive with big papa
over here this is like what you had
before but even a higher class oh my my
home also many buttons so I had them you
know sometimes I think they just put
more buttons in here to make it look
more expensive I bet these only one
doing it that was it oh oh oh your hair
looks good bro yeah it looks good we
make it moves let's get it what you
think about it no you're not feeling it
what's gonna make moves on another one
oh we got to decide today because I
gotta go back to LA so you gotta make up
your mind sir and we gotta make them
move pick a car the next place we go to
it where you get in your car you got to
make a decision and it's done game over
hey can I ask you a question what what
is that check it out Wow
right chicken tenders fries you want to
deal if you want it we don't want to add
you know what I have to get here I don't
under my bet it's a protective barrier
around it but you cos you don't pay just
smelly just smaller here you got it
hey go hey alright so I met my new
friend Mason here and Alexa right and
they want to give me an interview right
cuz you watch my videos all right what's
your interview ask me some questions for
school right yes well you're very
prepared oh wow me too that's so crazy
okay your life before you do in hell is
it now before YouTube was was was great
and oh oh this for school I felt a lot
pressure this feels like it's a lot of
pressure going on before YouTube was it
was great
and then after YouTube it's pretty great
it just depends on how you look at life
that's how your life is so even without
YouTube I feel like I would have have a
great life okay
yeah people watch what are you first
started how do they like me now when I
first started YouTube there was a lot of
people that doubted me they thought
YouTube was silly but then it's a BA and
YouTube was my dream there was a way for
me to make people laugh and I was a
glass file and now YouTube just gave me
a bigger class to make laugh called
earth alright these are good questions
by the way yeah yeah changing your life
the biggest change in my life is I have
a girlfriend now
it'll gross right yeah oh then I also
have a son named moose
we know moose oh yeah interview yes oh
thank you
where's this gonna be is it gonna be in
magazines no alright well you're a
teacher I said hi you can you can uh you
can ask your teacher if they can watch
if they could show this video and put in
your class there you go you can see it
was a video interview then you're gonna
get an A+ not just to a nice thank you
over the interview
is there anything you wanted to tell
your teacher when they're watching this
any are there any cute girls you want to
say what's up to like hey who's the
prettiest girl in your class who's a
pretty girl okay Stephanie Stephanie in
your class Emily is there actually now
okay is there Melissa okay awesome well
thank you for the interview this is
really uh this is really fun we finally
got the car I can't wait to show you
guys what it is after dinner but for
right now I want my cousin Maci and
Matthew obviously on my dad's side a
family is there anything you want to say
to all the people watching you want to
share your pizza with them oh nice to
meet you look like that just like that
Israel it's raining tacos it's rated
sigh he's a proud father
wait Matthew what are we watching
Gamble's boy that's not this is not
Magic School Bus this is not magic what
is this this is not me this is a remake
this is not the original they remade
Magic School Bus and they didn't tell me
what now oh wait who's this that's not
miss Frizzle who is that that's not Miss
Frizzle
Karen is that says miss Frizzle daughter
what how come you didn't notify huh what
I'm freaking out
ha wait wait that is miss rennolds
daughter and she kind of cute those
shukaku pretty hey you look pretty
hey miss Frizzle Adela oh wait
well you definitely ma'am you I would
accept no I wouldn't because I love
Lauren and like she's not what she's not
even that cute anymore the way you like
her you like miss Frizzle what hey no
you do we spent all day looking for the
perfect car then we had dinner with the
family and now it's time to debut the
brand new wasabi dad papa
wasabi vehicle of 2017 here we go let me
show you hold on
I'm guessing you're probably confused I
would be too let me clear some things up
he did
what happened he's in the dead mentality
he needs to pick he's like I know you
buying in his car so it has to be the
perfect choice
he was a real life but his stress over
picking a car was causing me stress in
my brain help you help me help you okay
tomorrow we go find the car promise deal
be price that's right it's done well
well it doesn't end the vlog talk now to
get to what you've all been waiting for
the iPhone 8 plus a giveaway as you know
in yesterday's vlog I said comment as
many times as you want comment hugging
the times thousands of times whatever
and at one point in the day I am going
to choose three iPhone 8 plus giveaway
winners they could beat you if you're
subscribed liked my vlog yesterday and
commented a bunch of times winner number
one Phillip Phil I remember that I'm not
looking at my phone number two Miche
Joanne Clarke
so if that is one of your usernames on
YouTube then tweet me and I will send
you an iPhone 8 nice Congrats
that's cute now that that's out of the
way and you know I'd be doing another
giveaway when the iPhone Exodus
/ iPhone tends come out keep a lookout
for Dad moving on my father
currently does not have a car because
the brand-new car he got and had for six
months was totaled like that and that
and that and he still can't find the
perfect car I'm not gonna have time to
help him find it on this trip but I'm
coming back in three weeks so make sure
to comment down below and let me know
what car he should get we need the
perfect car now last thing before I ago
the Lorex music the
is one block away meeting tomorrow
there's a vlog and the next day is the
music video tomorrow's vlog on Thursday
I will be giving you a sneak peek a
little snippet of me and Lauren in the
music video for about 10 seconds that's
nice it's dope it's something you'll be
like oh look at dad oh that's cute
and then Friday you get the whole thing
so make sure to come back tomorrow
get the little sneak peek and then come
back Friday and get the rest of the dope
dopes that's all I got for you guys
today see you tomorrow
and until then do me a favor don't
forget to remember to subscribe like
this one and most importantly if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong I can
do better
