what a house I know there you go what it
is would it be what he'd do
duh today is a special day because we've
got the house of the dope dope but not
all of the family has seen it you got
Millea who has not seen it and you got
Aaron who has not seen it they're both
coming here today at separate times and
first we got the little princess
gorgeous Malaya on the way she should be
blowing up in like five minutes to check
out the house and Aaron lands later
today and he's gonna pull up and check
out the house also I have a surprise for
Andrew and also I got surprise for you
guys come in good luck hey Maya
time to look at your new house
all right let go okay no in here in here
in here behind the door are you okay hey
he didn't know we're in here okay count
no you he has to go hide okay I'll count
in there
who is it okay your turn to Cal hey I'll
give you a hint okay we're gonna stay
downstairs okay wait you're kind of too
fast
vehicle drives to and go against the
wall what you heared me I gotta go to
the store I'll buy Andrew a surprise and
also the wasabi uns a surprise
do you like surprise you want a surprise
too bad
I do are you still in your pajamas it's
the middle of the day let's go we got to
make moves yeah it's a surprise for you
do you like this house is your favorite
house how much was this house $100 it
was $100 how'd you know it's a smart
well you do know it
oh yeah
yes ba Seto it's like the guppy song you
know the guppy son hey oh oh okay what
part do you like no bomb yo Andrew you
ready for your surprise bro that's not a
dog okay it's not a cat what's a cat
sound like woof what the dogs howl like
me look that's a monkey sound like what
Somalia's I'm like give me your phone
this is my old phone right it's been we
don't need this phone you know what you
need you need the new iPhone eight that
just came out say bye-bye to the old and
in with the new you ready for a new
iPhone iPhone e you get one you get one
you get one everybody gonna get one and
you know who else gets 100 but what
psybeam's get some yeah I'm up here's
the phone foot home I funny I get six
iPhone aids yes I need six so I got buy
him one and her one and him one and my
mom one and some other people one yeah
money let's do it uh-huh yeah yeah yeah
boom ah new iPhone 8 plus it Moriah
dad's Andrew so I got a black black and
a silver for you guys we're gonna do a
giveaway at the end of this vlog stay
tuned what you think bro I like you like
it
hey I phone 8 for the Andrew whoa so far
since I've been in North Carolina I got
the house surprised my family and I
upgraded all my family's phone what
come back to North Carolina I can only
usually come back for a short period of
time because I'm always working or I
have to be back for something so that's
why I'm always busy
I'm always up to stuff I'm trying to see
all my friends all my family do
everything I can to be the most helpful
I can to everybody in my life while I'm
back in town so what I'm in LA I'm in LA
I'm busy but when I'm in North Carolina
I'm also busy because it's what I like
to do it's what makes me happy but it
makes me also tired right now I'm on the
way to get the last person in my family
that has not seen this house and that is
Aaron he is flying in right now I'm on
the way to the airport we'd like to show
him where his future kids are about to
visit their parents it was good the lady
next to me in his last lunch as far as
she did not care ha ha ha no she was
like just letting him bring mom said
there's nothing a couple people of the
house a couple cousins or something is
there ok sick nap we got a 30-minute
drive almost made it home and my dad
said I had to pick up a bunch of pizzas
almost like a bunch of pizzas what for
who wait all eight of these are for us
what who is it the house what
okay yeah I know I know
here we go
all right eat up everybody so many
people how do you play sardines
hide-and-seek what that means
hi somebody hi can I get in get in are
you crazy
okay okay okay the doors wow thank you
guys are breathing too loud you're
breathing too much we're not in the
closet okay we're good we're good
we're not in the closet I said we're not
in the closet so they won't they won't
even think we're in here we're still not
in here just don't move don't move
okay I'm for this well that was a nice
surprise that was a bunch of family I
haven't seen in forever but now it's
time to do as I promised I'm here with
my three friends like iPhone 8 plus
black iPhone 8 plus number two and
silver eye phone eight pups these guys
need a new home
where'd it gonna go as you guys know I
love doing giveaways for you guys as
much as I can to thank you for the
support that you show me every single
day when you come back and watch the
vlog and you subscribe when you turn a
notification bow on when you like the
vlogs when you retweet my tweets it
makes me so happy I gotta help you up
that's what God do all you got to do to
enter this giveaway to win one of these
three iPhone 8 pluses is subscribe turn
the notification bell on like this vlog
and then comment down below you can
comment anything you want as much as you
want you got 24 hour at some point
tomorrow I am going to randomly scroll
through the comments and pick one of the
comments you can comment anything you
want you can spam it bow-bow-bow it's
coming a million times the more you come
in the more likely you about the win one
of these brand new iPhone 8 plus is uh
so go ahead comment right now and don't
forget in a few days on Friday October 6
the first-ever
Lorex music video is coming out and it's
that's all I got because today see you
tomorrow
and until then do me a favor and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong oh yeah
and then tomorrow's vlog I'm buying my
dad a brand new car because he did this
to his last one yeah
