no one can do that what it is would it
be what it do duh it's late
are you still sick you're still sick
you're gonna get me sick
can I ask you something kind of all the
chips over there
he chose Fritos what is the Ringel Oh No
put a picture right here about that's
that's a regular I've never seen that in
my life
have you seen it have you nigga Maura in
a crock this one that one and you're
sick
Mull time
goes oh geez am i doing wrong mas most I
have the craziest news I got crazy story
I saw a dragon today what do you mean
I'm lying I got something else to tell
you too uh hold your horses I'm about to
tell you Oh hold on I just hit nine
point nine million wasabi and mousse I
know it's crazy
that means we're point one all right
okay yeah you're right sorry a hundred
thousand away from 10 million wasabi ins
I know that's what I said
it's crazy I'm glad you feel the same
way right what do you mean you're not
subscribed would you like to know why
you don't want to hold field me
it's called holding Pete come on the not
fair Joe I have the normal amount of
knuckles no I don't I'm gonna prove it
right now okay there you go
like that please okay
are you gonna double join it or have any
special talents like long toe powers oh
yo Jimmy that's not healthy man oh wait
I gotta listen to Oh what you got wait
how'd you do that he's really just
really hard make a fist really hard man
okay coming down yeah
squeezing in you're not like speaking
down try let me try
did you hear it listen I need silence I
just remembered I have another Talent
ready okay here we go I can't take my
shirt off on camera they told me I have
to wash it off until four months
okay have you ever heard an armpit part
yes can you aren't that part yeah let's
see what you got okay I got one more
Talent are you guys ready for one more
time is the screen pool area yes wait
what
no one came to do that you just lay on
your back and then you lift your leg
yeah look you like that arc your back
and a lift your legs up close okay then
do it then look good hey these are not
useless house these are very it took me
years of mastering okay one try the
armpit fart I can make a deep cup in my
yeah well I you guys more amazed with
armpit farts but in the back for it okay
so so he does this Hey
yeah there you go so it's a pocket okay
you cover that pocket and you go just
cup it and go slow I slowly squeeze the
air out from your hand and your skin how
do you like make it a deeper reach oh oh
oh my god and then if you like separate
your fingers then really amaze different
sounds are you okay I can't cup it who
am i hanging out with right now well
this is the end of vlog talk I know I
shared a lot of weird talents with you
guys today
also please note Oh shaming me in the
comments or at least if you're gonna
toss a me give this vlog a like and
subscribe and then toshe me but
seriously guys we are almost at 10
million subscribers we're at nine point
nine we just hit nine point nine so if
you're not subscribed go subscribe if
you dad scrappy for friends and sisters
and siblings and cousins and everybody's
not subscribed then take their phones
and subscribe on their phones you don't
have to tell them just just have you let
them
nice surprise next time they get have
notification about what who's Alex
wasabi
click five minutes later that's the best
video cinema Jerry basically helping
them not stealing if you give it back
I'm sorry I'm so picky and so like
careful about showing shirtless Alex
because I'm gonna go hard in these next
four months and I just want you guys to
be proud that's why even when I take
Aaron to Hawaii first birthday I'm still
not gonna vlog shirtless I'm gonna make
sure that nobody vlogs me shirtless the
only way you guys are gonna be able to
see me shirtless is if you find me out
in public while I'm in Hawaii but other
than that you guys are gonna be
surprised for months it's gonna be game
time right now I got a little something
something a little chubby chubs but it's
gonna be going and you're gonna be I'm
gonna take a before picture tomorrow and
then I'll take one picture after every
single month and then show you guys all
the pictures at the end so come back
tomorrow comment down below if you guys
have some weird talents that you can do
or tweet me a video if it's like like
real weird and I'll see you on the next
vlog until then do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
your do
