okay oh that's for what it is what it be
what it do da hey guys these are a bunch
of my friends and we about to go
celebrate this guy oh and this girl hey
Becky they got married so we're about to
go to one of the query yes
do you remember the party remember last
time away but that's the last time
you're in a vlog I think I remember
favorite vlog ever oh oh
yes the quarry is a place that I used to
go to all the time when I was little it
was a hangout spot of my crew we'd
always go there go cliff jumping super
fine but first we had to meet up have
dinner at the Durham Bulls Stadium yeah
buddy I grew up right down the street
from this place and I've never once went
to a game because I'm a baller street
shot caller of the basketball ain't
about that baseball life moving on so
mostly Zack it's getting married and I
am NOT the best man thanks for that by
the way but I am a groomsman yes
whatever party in LA because I talked
them all into coming so all my childhood
friends I've never been to LA I come to
LA I'm gonna show them a good time in
November it's gonna be on the dog dump
and I got a huge surprise for you I know
I say that I know I said that in every
vlog I know he does but I got I got a
big surprise see that how long do we
have to wait get the wait till you get
there I can't tell you I know in one
month you gonna find out what it is it's
gonna be dope it's gonna be the best
bachelor bachelor party ever it's gonna
be like it's gonna be like hangover guy
the one that got lost well we're gonna
yeah you're gonna be on the roof you're
gonna be sunburned I'm gonna have no
tooth again pretty good times for
everybody
Becky come here Becky come here I need
you to read this for me can you say this
out loud what what does I say huh what's
that say montage
my god
you got it look little kids do this all
time all you just run it and you jump
before it can and you're so high you'll
make it way over everything that's like
a ten-foot jump but you got it you got
to do it again ready again you got it
don't think about it don't think about
it the longer you wait though the more
scared you and again you got a high five
and go high five and go you got it it's
it's so it's so fun okay okay
no actually a little close
I wasn't gonna jump in cuz I'm a little
sick but after seeing this montage
everybody jumping in it looks fun
I got a do it I'm working on it I
haven't done this in like forever
oh man okay hold on oh that's for Cory
was fun it was fun reliving my talent
huh but now it's time to come back to
the house and use the facilities that
came with it meaning the hot tub let's
go okay fellows get in there get in -
you're the first person to ever get in
is it - two arms let me see let me see
oh that's high oh I don't want to get
any more sounds too hot oh the handles
are changing colors I'm gonna get in now
hey I'm about to I'm about to get all up
in there die don't die baby lay sideways
it's like Nathan lay sideways let me see
oh this place lights up - they have a
bunch of lights yeah that they set up
before the people the previous owners I
haven't seen him yet
but as soon as that darkness falls we're
gonna find out what it looks like whoa
okay turn it off turn it off
was it so white there's something wrong
with our hot tub what you can't see
anything look my hand disappeared gone
it's something wrong and every time it's
on we all start coughing I've been sick
but you guys have not been sick why are
you guys coughing this is weird okay how
about we don't turn it on anymore you
guys know that nobody's been in the pool
either yet right we just got this place
yesterday I don't know how deep it is it
looks like five four feet five feet are
you gonna cannonball what do you do
don't hit don't get don't get boo-boos
nobody wants a boo-boo go go
whoa okay look be down with it and I get
any encounter cool yeah that's it oh
that is a little that's on that chili
chili I can't wait to see this place lit
up we are so close to seeing the house
lit up I don't I don't even know where
the lights are but they said they said
that those lights in the bushes but I
don't believe them and I think I'm right
but what are we gonna do until it gets
dark enough
we still got like a whole hour doing a
fire okay oh that's what this is oh I
thought it was like a well they got
filled up with dirt time to light the
fire okay well that's anti-climactic I
was gonna be getting there can't you
make it fast forward with your video oh
yeah yeah yeah okay oh there we go
yeah editing magic look at that boom
whoa it's getting kind of too big
it's getting kind to be witty that's
fine that was fun are we done you guys
you know back when me and Zach were kids
we were freestylers I don't know if you
knew this but we used to drop them bors
Zach can show you an example right now
yeah
done all right
it's dark enough but I really don't see
any lights and I feel like you guys
think I'm playing around but I really
don't see lights but they told us this
place lights up so I'm gonna turn on as
many lights as I can and see what we got
let me show you what we got what we
working with right now that's it all
right we got that light that light we
got the porch lights on and that porch
light on but I thought there was like
lights in the bushes we don't find that
switch what there has to be a switch
look there's a light that's a light I
don't know if you guys can see this
that's a light and in every bush there's
lights
oh we just don't know how to turn it on
uh well I uh I guess my house is broken
guys we got a broken house I don't have
to get a new one my house is broken no
I'm sorry family please forgive me huh
Beckett my house is broken what should I
do
what do I do okay right there oh there
has to be a switch we're not there's no
you guys I think my house is broken it's
okay it is really the next day then it's
time for the end of vlog in the next
vlog I am calling the previous owners of
this house and they are gonna tell me
how to turn on these lights so I know
just like everywhere I see them I found
them and they shall be turned on please
don't forget in five Friday next Friday
October 6 the official professional
Lorex music video the first-ever Lorex
music video is gonna be up uploaded just
for you just for your eyeballs to view
and love and like and all that stuff I
share with your friends you're gonna
love it I haven't even seen yet but I do
got a little clip and I'll show you when
tomorrow's vlog if I remember tweet me
remind me I have ADHD I forget a lot of
stuff last thing I'm gonna say before I
go don't forget the 5
dollar Lorex edit video contest is still
going on if you didn't see the vlog and
you know how to edit videos go to the
vlog titled once $5,000
on November 6th it's my two year
anniversary with Lauren we've promised
each other not to get each other gifts
but I found a loophole that means that
you guys can help me by giving her a
gift for us you me what stopped you give
her a gift it'll be great all you could
do it's edit a thoughts video of all the
footage for the last two years of us
being together
you'd have to edit something dope
together the best Lords video created
will receive $5,000 I'm gonna give you a
shout out on the channel I'm gonna give
you a shout out of the splitter I'm
gonna post it on Instagram it's gonna go
everywhere plus you get $5,000 did I say
that already
I haven't announced the email that you
guys can send your video to because I
want you to work on it then I'm
announcing the email on Halloween
October 31st so make sure get into those
videos watch all the old boss put it all
together make the dopest video you've
ever made in your life and use
royalty-free music so I could upload it
without YouTube taking it down and it's
gonna be on that dope dope I can't wait
to surprise Lauren with the epicness
that you guys are about to her yet
that's all I got for you guys today see
you tomorrow
do me a favor don't forget to remember
subscribe like this vlog and if you're
not smiling you're doing
