I got you guys a little something okay
hold on hold on now
turn around and look at your new home
asleep asleep gotta sleep three two one
gonna see gonna hear a secret your
secret for you you like that secret hey
don't let me sleep hey bro hey bro
you ready to go to school yep is your
big bro dropping you off do you think
girls are pretty
is there a specific girl that's pretty
you can tell me I won't tell anybody
it's a secret it'll be a bro secret yeah
the camera right there yeah what camera
it's not on the is there who's the
prettiest girl in your class she
probably doesn't even watch my videos
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez can I can I wait do you
have any space in your class for me can
I join your class okay well I'm gonna be
taking you to school until I go back to
LA that cool bro yeah what do you think
the big surprise is a new car a new car
already got you guys little cars done
maybe more guess I dinosaur no no a lot
of dinosaur Disneyworld one more one
more Cup a hotel you think I bought you
a hotel yeah
I think you think I make a lot more of
them I actually make okay we're here
get out your backpack here you go
goodbye I'll see you later wait your
phone this guy what what I don't know if
I feel like it what please no okay I
don't know maybe if I if I'm not busy
I'll come pick you up okay okay okay
get out of here I love you I love you
know I love you out go drop my little
brother off at school and now it's time
to surprise my parents it's something
that I've wanted to do my entire life
spent the whole day getting ready for
the surprise just picked up Mariah and
Andrew and I'm gonna need their help
filming mom and dad's reaction so I
gotta show you guys the surprise first
and then I gotta show you guys the
surprise first and then you can help me
show them okay you ready me yeah okay
we're almost there
all right there it is that's it it's the
surprise the whole thing that all of it
all of it sure yeah
no I bought it oh thanks yeah that part
that part that part all of the parts
tiny no no that that's it it's for you
guys and it's for mom and dad in Malaya
and everything everybody forever
yeah you ready to show Mom and Dad yeah
well I'm gonna need your help it's about
taco
yeah my sister Mariah went to go get my
parents and they should be back any
second practicing cuz you're gonna be a
very important person in this okay
yeah you're gonna be a cameraman you got
it you've never filmed anything for me
before so I'm trusting you a very
important job I'm gonna do it one more
time are you good I'm good okay
pound it counter wait that car that's
the car this car this car go get ready
go Andrew Andrew Andrew okay God no no
leave your blindfolds on not yet not yet
we got it we got it Eddie come on come
on okay we're almost there wait milking
this soon you will feel the cement under
your feet oh wait okay I'm going down
going down yep one okay hold on Maya
almost there Oh oh come on we're almost
there any more steps no wait just a
little bit longer come come to the right
a little bit okay and stop right there
okay just stand right there don't move
okay everybody get in position good
position you can take your blindfold off
but don't look around okay but look at
me just wait no yeah take em off okay no
don't look around look at me okay not
ninja mom dad it's me Alex your son I
have something I want to say okay before
I show you the surprise stay with me
don't look away my whole life my whole
life I said one sentence of they're
already tearing up years of message you
make me cry stop look at me look at me
okay my whole life you have done
everything for me
there is nothing I can do to thank you
enough for all the sacrifices you guys
made ha stop you gonna make me shoot you
have to make me cry stop arms okay okay
there's nothing I can do to thank you
enough for all the sacrifices you made
to give me and my siblings anything we
could have ever wanted dad oh okay
ever since I can remember you are the
rock of the family come on I'll make me
charging outside let me do this well you
think they'd do it Shh stop everybody's
crying Shh listen everything like
remember you're the rock of the family
from working two jobs 18-hour shifts
seven days a week then staying up all
night to help me study for
boo-yeah : help me study for a test or
finish a science project - even
volunteering to coach my local
basketball leagues but they started it
Oh what thing about family going you're
always there always you're my super hero
you're my super dad okay mom
there we go mom you left your whole life
everything you've ever known back in the
Philippines so that so you can give your
kids the best life the most amazing life
and he gave could have you took care of
us yeah ah you'll held all of our hands
when we were scared you you take this in
and sing to us to sleep every single
night and you made sure we knew we're
loved you are carrying beautiful
selfless you're the reason I am and
today I brought you guys here because I
wanted to repay you repay you for the
life you gave us for the love you put in
our hearts and just show you how much
you need to be I got you guys a little
something okay
hold on hold on now turn around and look
at your new home
I got you guys
you like it
yeah
it's all yours
okay okay enough stocking stuffer film
on time
oh yeah oh they got lights fine yeah
that's right outside your master bedroom
this is yours I bought it you like it
okay good because I already bought it
and there's nothing I can do about it so
you guys don't like it so I get up this
is the house I'm gonna bring my kids to
one day there's gonna be Grandma and
Grandpa's house good good good job it's
done it's official I've been working
with real estate agents for months and
months and months to finally make this
happen and it's happened as a son I
thought this was the this is the goal
for every son every kid the goal is to
take care of your parents because they
take care of you growing up so you gotta
take care of them and I did it I feel
like I did it but there's one more thing
I need to do and that happens on your
birthday December 17 I got one more
thing for the family and then I've
officially done my job as a son do you
know what it is no you don't and it's
gonna be epic December 17 you gonna find
out oh by the way that's both their
birthdays 40 years apart born on the
same day what are the odds it's for you
two it's not your birthday but it's a
surprise for you two and you and you and
yeah you can it could be a surprise for
you too do you like it yeah I'm glad you
like it
all you guys it looks like you guys have
already you guys fit in so well it looks
like your house nice okay
now are we gonna sleep here cuz no
furniture yeah well there's no furniture
anywhere what are we gonna sleep I'm
just kidding I brought one air mattress
yeah we're gonna need more air
mattresses okay let's go store and get
some more air mattresses okay let's get
some swimming trunks so we go in the hot
tub
everybody fell asleep as soon as we got
back to the new home because it was an
emotional day it was an emotionally
exhausting day guys I finally did it I
bought my parents a house that's all
I've ever wanted to do ever since I was
little I knew in my mind that I was
gonna buy my parents a house I just knew
it that's one of the biggest reasons why
I go so hard on YouTube I post every
single day I put my heart into every
single blog for you guys but also to
provide my family and I inherited that
want to support my family from my
parents that's what I learned that from
them growing up listen to me when I say
do everything in your power to give back
to your parents do everything you can to
make your parents proud no matter what
now I know what you're thinking but Alex
not everybody is a successful youtuber
and I understand I wasn't always a
successful youtuber I knew and my little
kid heart
wow there's an echo in here no ago I
knew and my little kid
that I was gonna get my parents a house
one day I didn't know how I didn't know
when I just knew that how whatever
happened in my life at some point I was
going to get them a house or in this
case a mansion but never in a bajillion
years did I think I would be able to
afford a million-dollar house this this
place is is ridiculous
guys seriously like four years ago I was
a waiter and I was making $2,000 a month
and that was that was a good month for
me I'm just saying do whatever you can
to bring happiness to your parents to
your family
whether that means mowing the lawn for
your mom so when she gets back to work
after working super hard that's just one
less thing for her to worry about or
washing the dishes after dinner every
single night so that your dad can relax
after having a long day it's the little
things diet the little things like that
doing that every day helping them out
whenever you can it it it adds up and it
goes a long way now there's just one
last surprise I have for my family to
fulfill my duties as it's mine and that
was
on December 17th on my dad and my little
brother's birthday and trust me it's an
even bigger surprise than this house Oh
last thing before I go remember October
I think that's an extra it yes the
official Lorax music video is going
alive it's not complete yet it's not
perfect that's why I had to push it back
a week but let me hit you with a little
sneak peek on tomorrow's blog so make
sure to come back and until then do me a
favor and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling then you're doing it
wrong
