Malaya thinks I'm coming in the morning
so I'm here and she about to get
surprised for a boy family what it is
would it be wouldn't - duh time to go to
North Carolina didn't get much sleep
last night so about to hop in his
airplane seat and take a nap all the way
across the country to the end to de-seed
to the North Carolina go
now let's see if we can find my family
hey guys hey I Andrew hi hi dad
you ready yeah let's go hey Andrew hi
miss me
the auntie still miss me even though I'm
here now yeah I'm right here don't my
face hey can I ask you a question yeah
girlfriend do you want to go from know a
little bit you hesitated
Hey look at you look at those dimples
those dimples a lot of girlfriend hey
drive up school tomorrow
yeah okay I'll walk you to class why I
think I might definitely get into lobby
yes I can definitely get in mommy I can
get in the walk I don't know the office
and see if I get a volunteer yeah hey
volunteer hey I could speak at a pep
rally yeah yeah oh right boys boys
see Andrew you guys ready for your
surprise tomorrow I know you've been
watching the vlogs
it's a family surprise what yeah yeah
yeah do you remember the last time I
surprise you guys with something I
surprised you guys at the car remember
flashback
just got home and Malaya thinks I'm
coming in the morning because I told her
I was driving from California at the
North Carolina it she doesn't know I
flew so I'm here she about to get
surprising for a boy I'm Malia did you
know I was coming be surprised
are you surprised in your little
princess dress princess gorgeous I'm
just joking with you I'm just joking
with you what okay okay
Wow
oh these are all your dresses that's the
coolest thing I've ever seen in my life
could I have one Wow can I put one on
please I too have too many muscles too
many muscles too many muscles too many
muscles what's your name
no princess gorgeous what's my name
yeah okay go to sleep Malaya it's it's
late you go to sleep now
go sleep I'll karate chop you I'm good
good job so you want I'm going to you
okay go sleep cuz leave go see you got
sleepy sleekest okay bye I'll see you in
the morning okay I'll gonna take Anders
school but I'll come back and play with
you okay go school - ah you're in school
tomorrow
No hey hey I told you go sleep I like
your shirt though you have a good sense
of fashion but you're supposed to be
asleep I got a big surprise for you
tomorrow I got big surprise so you gotta
get your good wrestling could be super
surprised let me see your surprised
faces a surprised face let me see your
super surprise face
whoa crap I bro I gotta go ball with the
boys I'll see you later homie okay let's
do our secret handshake nice every time
I come back to where I grew up the town
I grew up Durham North Carolina I gotta
show that you guys had a play got a
remind them who runs the town let you
take your shoes off already he's
sweating he didn't even play yet he just
he just I'm too close to him me
seriously but tomorrow that's when the
surprise goes
I got a bunch of basketball footage of
me like Duncan and alley-oop and
blocking people but I didn't want to
embarrass my friends cuz you know I grew
up with them I'm not trying to put him
on blast like dad that's all I got for
you guys today I know it wasn't the
longest vlog but I was on the plane all
day and I have been setting up for it
tomorrow tomorrow is gonna be uh it
gonna be a big surprise it's gonna be
emotional like I said before this is
something I've been working on for
months and it's finally time to share
with you guys to share with my family
it's a life-changing thing uh ah my
little brother doesn't know my sister
doesn't know my niece doesn't know my
dad doesn't know my mom doesn't know
they're in for the biggest surprise of
their life and I I'm just excited I'm
excited for that so make sure to come
back tomorrow
find out what's about to go down and
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing
