oh hey what it is would be what it do
duh
today we got a lot of stuff going down
and I also got some bad news but we'll
save that for later
let's just stay in the positive for as
long as possible but for right now I got
another hair appointment let's get it I
made it to the salon that is gonna do
the thing to my hair and let me explain
a little bit what's about to go down
yesterday I got a haircut
at a new place they suggested that I get
them keratin treatment in my heart and I
was like know what that mean doh they
said your hair is super thick curly
unruly rebellious and a keratin
treatment will help it lay down and stay
a little bit straighter and easier to
style and I don't have to straighten it
or blow dry.if
all this crazy stuff and they say it'll
be noticeably different so I'm taking a
risk but that's what life is all about
let's see if it works
keratin treatment is about to begin
she's putting in my heart I have the
lane here for about ten oh yeah all
right
this is what my natural hair looks like
when it's wet it's curly and then it's
gonna go away it's called beyond that
gone gone it's gonna be different
completely different it's gonna be how
to cook some beef but we gonna find out
together the treatment has been put in
my hair and it was slightly burning
that's how I would explain it but that's
gone now we got a flat iron so you can
be on that Street
into my heart and we have a flat iron it
to seal it in so this is what it looks
like for a man but what about the rinse
it out guys will be on that stops off
right okay BRABUS air pinky promise nice
I don't trust try here's the finished
product
boom oh they see it's not straining down
she strained it but that she washed it
so I went back to curly but it didn't go
back to curly because of the character
treatment so now it's straight and
before she's magellan it was laying down
it was that smooth smooth before my hair
was curly and wavy and like this I could
go like this and it wouldn't move at all
now I got that you know what I'm just
gonna say I got that white boy hair I
thought that white boy here that white
boy TV show hair would you lay down like
this and it goes back let's see what
more things
hey Luce what do you think of my hair
you like it
you like my hair you like my hair could
be is it nice it's not what you think
does it try yeah but it has a little bit
gel in it but that's what it looks like
without the gel - yeah I know yeah what
they did do it it's just like it's now I
wish you could tell I feel like you guys
can't tell but I can tell and in person
you can tell and it's softer and I know
what it feels like without the gel I
have kind of bad news
I'm not gonna tell you right now I'm
gonna tell you and the wasabi ins later
at the end of the vlog okay wrap it up
you might end the vlog right now only be
like a two-minute vlog nope hello
I've been told to vlog my reaction
stress Alex a surprises are scary yeah
okay I'm nervous you've a mask on I feel
I'm gonna hear your muffled voice give a
moose back on your ear job until you
respect respect my friend I Beast
this is guppy and this is moves today's
advice for you kiddos human feet are
bread not boom he's like an idea
our enemies all right okay push into the
skin
my boy Hannibal down I don't get paid
enough for this job that's so disgusting
welcome to the end of vlogs what's wrong
really did say that today we got some
more dope dope to creamy as always I'm
gonna need the help of my friend Josh
has anybody seen Josh only mean one
thing
what candy corn I heard we're gonna do
are obsessed with candy corn
okay continue
okay I heard a rumor that you love candy
corn I love kid cars I heard a second
room yes you love cocoa pebbles
definitely in my top three favorite
cereal so we're gonna take what we did
last time with the unicorn krispies
treats I'm not gonna make cocoa puffs
with candy corn krispies treats because
it is Halloween coming up so I have
candy corn
marshmallows all I love much but I've
never even tried them I don't know if
they taste like candy corn or regular
marshmallows
oh okay so just take this and go up put
it over the heat I know you know how to
do that cuz I taught you a million times
okay dude how many times do I have to
tell you how to turn the stove on I'm
working on it okay
here's a clip turn the lever to the left
again I don't know this tastes like any
girl not really rare and it's just
colored like candy corn but it still
tastes on that good the more water that
healthier the creation right I don't
think this can ever be healthy
Wow healthy for your happiness levels
definitely healthy for the happy there
you go any marshmallows much my mom like
this oh oh yeah and that's good that's
for snacks oh this is first this is
later marshmallow this is after
marshmallows no leader marshmallow pop
get marshmallows pocket marshmallows
next gonna melt all the marshmallows oh
how do you know I remember how to do
this what did we do this before I mean
we made the rice krispies treat ones
right
hey if you guys don't have one you
should get yourself a job they're on
sale at Target right now I'll make you
all kind of treats there's good times
for everybody
dude I'm up for sale yeah I'm not for
sale for rent
Klan you can't lease me what's ready to
add that goody-goody oh yeah
ah so good ah ah so good all right turn
off the heat okay add the chocolate
chocolate added just look like Halloween
in this kid what smells so good before
we add it into the dish I want to add
those okay you think about that so good
oh my god oh oh yeah they do it this is
nuts
whoa that's cool right that's cool okay
so let's add to the dish to throw her in
the freezer do it yeah never any trick I
told you to have spread this properly
make it flat yeah but remember I told
you only wet hands wet head he's
learning everybody he is learning I'm a
good learner oh my gosh Halloween rice
krispies created your jet and they place
it in the freezer member I told you to
throw something in the oven the other
day and you actually threw it in the
other flashback have our silly rules in
our apples there is 91 just throw it in
the oven dude choose your words
carefully josh is right I should say
gently place it on a baking sheet in the
oven yeah whose fault is it now how I
got to be careful with my choices work
so gently place that in
that's the fridge Oh boom-boom
and now we've done what Guinea why oh
what's so clean uh-huh okay okay wait
montage
it's good but so much sugar complete
it's good it's delicious look I hope you
guys liked it you want to see more of
these like this vlog give it a like so
you get alerted whenever there's another
blog slash beside the kitchen thanks to
my boy Josh we're coming through follow
him
YouTube me Josh he'd be falling out with
all the kinds of stuff like this that's
what he does not know how to do it he
knows how to do it he's the brains I'm
very happy
you sure you want another one no okay
good cuz I don't have another one ready
thanks for joining me for today's vlog
this is the last vlog until it's family
vlog I mean you're my family
I'm mooses family I'm talking about
blood family like in my blood same we're
the same blue blue dude goodbye Oh a
hello North Carolina for a week up
family vlog Thursday I come they know
I'm coming that's not the surprise the
surprise is happening Friday so I mean
on Saturdays vlog will be Fridays
daytime so I film Friday it goes up
Saturday and you gonna find out what the
biggest surprise I've ever given anybody
ever is ever forever and ever forever
and when I get back to LA you ready for
the best preview life oh it's gonna be
good you like it it's a good prank
nobody in the comments guess what it is
you don't even know what it is I have no
idea do you really have no idea you took
my hands from moose and that's weird
do one guess what do you think it just
said tuxedo you they're gonna make him a
little tuxedo oh my god no but that'd be
awesome
that'd be so sad if you guessed it come
back I got my stuff planned it's gonna
be dull oh oh no I forgot to tell them
the bad news never got to tell you guys
please don't hate me
oh geez oh I'm just gonna come out with
it hey The Lorax music video is not
ready we're still working on it
just give us one more week October 600%
no matter what even if the world ends on
October 5th that video is still going up
on October 6 trust Lawrence music video
coming at you I promise I got you we
good like
a sneak peak an upcoming vlog baby baby
that's all I got yesterday see you
tomorrow and do me a favor don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling you're
probably not subscribed and they
probably haven't turned the notification
bell on and they probably didn't like
this vlog because they're doing it wrong
bye
