but it's time for you to go to sleep and
it's time for me to tell those audience
how they can win $5,000 what it is would
it be what it du-du-duh as you know I've
been sick it is 3 p.m. and I just woke
up because I went to sleep last night
but every 20 minutes I would wake up
coughing and that was not good since I
have a lovely girlfriend she took care
of me she came in and said get up stop
pretending you're sick you're faking it
she did she did she brought me water got
me medicine ordered me food look at all
this look she got my favorite candies
this is like one of my top top ones it's
that good good if you haven't had it
jolly right your bites a little soft
inside this is what it looks like it's
that good good whoo you don't even know
until you try this you don't even know I
think you got me hot why I got me some
of this she got me some of this you got
me some of that I gotta take this now
how many take every three hours
take one medicated drop at onset of
symptoms oh just one all right just one
let's do it to it grape it is huh mmm no
they're not good they're more mediciney
than you would think hmm okay I'm
worried because I'm not really a
paranoid kind of guy what is it
hypochondriac I'm not really a
hypochondriac but Lord is a
hypochondriac and if you date a
hypochondriac for almost two years
anniversary November 6 right yeah good
job
that's right know that mistakes too your
anniversary if you date somebody
hypochondriac for two years then you
start to pick up those tendencies
hey you guys yuppie yeah well I've had
this cough longer than I've ever had a
call from my life I've had this cough
for pretty much five days and it hasn't
shown any signs of dying down and I'm
getting a little nervous what do I have
scoliosis now you're gonna call so hard
my back goes cook it that's not how that
works
oh well I feel like something's wrong I
did never go a doctor struggling doctor
or give it a few more days okay I'll
give it a few more days but you guys
know how to get rid of the coffee if you
have some home remedies let me know
because I'm trying to get rid of this
thing because it's not fun I almost
throw my back because I coughed so hard
earlier
I was like oh I know how to fix it
you have to give me kisses on my throat
my head I'm gonna take a shower
eat food take medicine throughout the
day and I'll be all good for tomorrow
because I don't need no medicine in my
life I'm a big boy I got this okay I'm
gonna take a shower now medicine has
been digested food has been digested I
was about to take a shower and I
realized that my building has a sauna
and that means I can take deep breaths
in inhale goodness exhale the badness
and be like you bad vibes bro
you know bad vibes and hopefully I'll
feel better 20 minutes sauna brother
ready let's go
to me so these are hot rocks you gotta
put the water on it Oh camera start to
plug up he has spread it across oh oh
you trying to get crazy okay
oh yeah you get on this side too okay
okay what it's not it's not working it's
broken though this is gonna be magical
it's a hundred degrees in here it does
not feel like a hundred degrees okay
round two here we go okay yeah right
down the middle usually goes this is a
weak sauna it's not gonna do anything
just gonna make it sound effects doesn't
mean it's working I need to sweat out
this sickness but I'm not sweating and
I'm an easy sweater don't dump all of it
it might put it out okay that's good
that's too much well see a little bit do
like 107 now oh okay okay okay here we
go I got it it's cuz this crack right
here see I keep trying to tell people
I'm a genius but they just they just
don't listen you don't want to listen
I'm basically a Filipino why nootropic
hey there we go there we go now is about
gift okay we've been here for about 30
minutes that's definitely the back seat
we should there you go now
you're gonna die you might pass out
that's that's that's very inefficient
I'll pass out okay I actually feel
better
it's cold out here I'm gonna get sick
again if we don't go inside we're too
sweaty let's go I can breathe better I
don't know see I'm trying to make me
look short feeling a lot better so time
to be productive we have a friend by the
name of Joey and he wants to film some
stuff so we've got the head over there
and get her done cookie for the road
okay here you go
yeah you do me a favor before we go you
stop rubbing your nose on my window
nobody knows huh mousse Hey hi guys
hello hello Joey
are you ready know what can we tell them
what we're doing or we just will film in
a superstar star this is a big one hi
big one hello no I mean like Lord I'm
sorry you did secure about your weight
I'm sorry you're the strongest yeah we'd
love to play with you guys all day but
we got to do what we do best and that's
you too
come on here we go come on it's a field
trip field trip over we really got to
get to work now oh my gosh team thank
you sir I told him my third I have a
little tickle in my throat so he offered
to make some passion fruit tea with some
fresh are you sad cuz we haven't seen
you all day
okay I haven't seen him all day because
I was sleeping okay but you said that I
haven't seen you all day huh buddy it's
okay I'm here now yeah it's okay I'm
here I'm sorry I've been sick I didn't
want to get you sick I did it for you
you're my best friend okay and my son
and I love you okay
we'll spend a lot of time together
tomorrow I promise I promise but it's
time for you to go to sleep and it's
time for me to tell those audience how
they can win $5,000 miss miss miss miss
it back okay
I need those actually these are to keep
my shorts up welcome on the house today
it was a super fun day got a lot of
stuff done now to get to what you've all
been waiting for how you could win
$5,000 let me explain mine and Lauren's
two-year anniversary is coming up on
November 6 that is a little over a month
away and instead of exchanging presents
we told each other we would go on a trip
and just have fun and create memories
but I found a loophole that doesn't mean
you guys can't give her a present so I
need your help
the winner of this prize will be the
person that emails me the best most
creative Lorex video ever made I know
there are a bunch of small youtubers
trying to make their dreams come true of
becoming a full-time youtuber and doing
that further job but they just can't
break through there's millions of
youtubers
in the world but they can't break
through the barrier of how of like just
getting ahead and I'm here to help on
our two-year anniversary November 6 2017
I am going to upload a blog that
incorporates your video the one that you
guys sent a montage a compilation of all
the best Lorex moments the best times we
had together the best challenges
everything over the two years we've been
together we've made a bunch of blogs a
bunch of challenges a bunch of videos
had a bunch of experiences and hopefully
you've been there for the entire journey
the entire Lorex adventure if I find one
of the videos that you guys sent in is
good enough then I'll just upload it on
its own with nothing else just the intro
your video and the outro and in the
outro you get a shout out I'm gonna
tweet out the video I'm gonna post a
sneak peak trailer of your video on my
Instagram and everybody's gonna know who
you are because of you guys I'm in a
position to help you out and I can't
wait to see what you come up with and
not only do get all these shout outs I'm
also gonna give you $5,000 for all your
hard work to enter all you have to do is
send me the best most creative awesome
epic amazing Lorex video ever made ever
in the whole world it has to be minimum
2 minutes long it could be as long as
you want but it has to be a minimum of 2
minutes you have to use royalty-free
music so that I'm able to upload it and
is not taken down and then just email it
to me that's all you have to do that's
it and then you're entered to win I'm
gonna watch each and every entry and
choose a winner from you guys put it in
my video I'm so excited it's gonna so
good I know there's a bunt alloted with
audience out there whoa let's do it for
inspiration
like a boyfriend/girlfriend version of
the newlywed videos the husband and wife
wedding videos that people are always
putting out when they get married and
it's super cute super fun it's a bunch
of moments it's them together they're
smiling it's like what they said and
they use the Audioboo some stuff just
like that except boyfriend and
girlfriend version and then I'm gonna
show Lauren and I'm gonna film her
reaction and I'm super excited that
she's gonna love it I know you guys got
what it takes
so don't procrastinate you have a little
over a month to make something epic for
my beloved chicken nugget anyone and
everyone can enter not gonna hire some
editing company for like five hundred
dollars to edit something together
most mine not forgetting something are
you trying tell me something right okay
now I could have hired some editing
company too and it's something cool
together for me for like five hundred
dollars or something like that but they
don't know why and fasabi like you guys
do you have been with us since the
beginning you watch this goal from
strangers to friends it's a boyfriend
and girlfriend to mom and dad of the
Moosey better and you've been here
throughout the entire journey nobody
knows us like you guys do you guys are
here with us every single day
you guys are wasabi so all my small
youtubers out there
don't let this chance pass you by you
know you have what it takes you know you
have the talent you know you can do this
and I can't wait to see what you guys
come up with serious inquiries only no
montages made on a phone app or
something like that I want some serious
entries and I believe in you guys let's
do this let's work together make
something epic happen now you know all
the rules and you just need the email to
email me your entries I will be a
melting the email that you guys need to
send it to at the end of October
right before No
and after September so let's say October
Halloween yes on Halloween I will be
announcing the email that I need you
guys to send it to you so just work hard
for the rest of September all of October
I'll send you the email and you send me
what you got boy and girl that's all I
got for you guys today I'm super excited
about this this is this cool
see you tomorrow as always and do me a
favor don't forget to remember subscribe
like this vlog and if you're not smiling
you doing it wrong
