most have you seen guppy Aaron have you
seen guppy guppy there is what it is
would it be what it do duh I gotta
apologize because recently I missed a
vlog and recently I feel like my vlogs
haven't been a hundred percent but it's
because I've been sick because this guy
got me sick
but that's finally going away I just
have a cough that has been not that has
been very persistent and not going away
but once that does I'll be fully 100%
and go back to doing some awesome vlogs
and give him a hundred percent are you
starting today I and a word should I go
to what does the word show this dream is
the streamys we are going to on Tuesday
so that means we need to be styled so we
got my boy Brandon coming over Doukas up
with some new clothes right now and I'm
gonna show you what we do I'm not gonna
be like oh you gotta wait till Tuesday's
vlog to see what we gonna wear well
maybe for Lauren yeah that gets to
Lauren's us but you can see what all I'm
wearing I'm gonna show everybody
everybody gonna know what I'm wearing
their poopy guppy loose mu P be good mom
and dad have to get styled woopi-hey mu
P Mo's have you seen guppy Aaron have
you seen guppy guppy
we're gonna the baby Camila the baby
come around let the baby I a big fat
baby boy yeah big fat baby boy hey why
you don't even care
he likes it you like it you like being
in there buddy you like being in there
what do you think yeah can we get in it
moose you want to get in it
oh oh you think I like it
here we go move chubby fauna hell I
voted against this moose
nobody's ears down he's not ready to fly
guys he's a little baby oh look at look
at that almost father almost patty this
is moose daddy Alex I match alive up
here up here I'm gonna kiss him
hello hello
you know you just call Brennan and tell
me to go home I think I'm sell myself oh
oh is here I can show you your hair now
yeah you ready
you also accidentally left me in the
reflections everyone knew what whatever
whatever whatever I came out like four
hours I up list it at 1:00
yeah because I felt like I missed a day
so I wanted to hook them up with some
early early you know I'm saying you
don't saying nice deal yeah here we go
did you bring better-looking clothes for
me or for Lauren
yes yes Lauren I go I'll go first come
on faster every time I get styled I
always go first one because I mean looks
good looks good I'm like okay first one
done we're out don't let me show you
what we working with
my cheating is complete took about ten
minutes
Lawrence is gonna take about an hour I
can't show you any of her outfits
because she wants to save that for a
surprise or the streamys but right now
she's wearing a lot of tassels so it
does her cold you have about a hundred
tassels on right now I like it though
hey this we're gonna turn around into it
you have a lot on the back to go oh my
gosh
hey there's any flies flying around you
just like that put them all away this is
the option that she didn't choose and it
looks good so you know the real one's
gonna be on that good good
soldier okay you would not be very good
at being a toy soldier no no no I think
the one you had on previously is the
winner chicken dinner
every time an event comes up I'm like
man I wish I would have worked out I
wish I would have lost a little bit of
dust maybe a little bit a dis but it's
too late now I only got like two more
days until streaming so might as well go
in the opposite direction and get some
dessert but where can I get some dessert
dude seriously it's pretty bright no
like it's burning my eyes oh oh sorry
sorry
Oh
today we are gonna make some of the most
epic epic miss you've ever epically seen
in your epic fly and here to help me is
wait this is weird
telemovie customs day mr. Josh we're
making apples I'm gonna see if I can
juggle the hat Hughes
I haven't doubled it forever I probably
can't do it but when I was waiter I used
to be really good with it was a table
trip you got a better take no I was good
with milk furnace and like high school
now that we have both of our bruised
apples snow we're not actually happened
we are taking cinnamon roll dough
simay roll dough or stuffing them inside
of an apple turns with cinnamon rolls
inside Apple yes cinnamon now a couple
some instead of growth inside Apple go
dress like the top yeah lots of them
we're going to take the spoon we're
going to scoop out the inside making
sure yep never keep the printer skin
intact okay
oh and there's a lot of you there looks
definitely not but you ought to go all
the way through the shop to have it
enough to fill the inside with the
cinnamon roll hey now what's up beings
are not not this next great job now
stuff that you've been stuffed bro you
have our silly rules in our household
there is an eye you want to just throw
it in the oven dude
choose your words carefully Josh right I
should've said gently place it on a
baking sheet in the oven
yeah whose fault is it now alright can't
even tell if not when you go buddy there
you go
no finishing touch the icy convene I see
so you gotta be very careful when you do
it Alex
thanks again for joining us for wasabi
kitchen if you want more of this if you
want more at Josh then hit me up with in
life like this box and we'll be back and
we making some more crazy things also
comment down below if you have any crazy
ideas want to stray off I'm always down
on the dish oh my god I have brown hair
every time that was one of the best
wasabi kitchens I think mm-hmm what's in
your mouth what is that what is what you
oh you have a seagull in your mouth he's
trying to fly a seagull who's trying to
make moves out of your mouth and just
got in the who mail do you decided to
put it in your mouth it's supposed to be
in your mouth
yes oh this is a POW seven facial
exerciser pow pow PA oh seven and I
ordered it from Japan six looks like
number one looks like on the sides of
these it is weighted and it goes like
that it flaps and when you hold it in
your mouth it hurt I need to look at
those weights in it like this and the
movement it's like a shake weight if you
guys remember the shake weight I'm gonna
show them what the shake weight is let's
shake keep those abs tight
keep going so this is how it works
through your face thirty Seconds twice a
day it's supposed to make your jawline
to find your face to find all these
muscles that help you move your lips and
mouth and jaw up and down or connect it
to this and this is supposed to be a
workout so we're gonna find out if it
really works in about a month I'm gonna
do it every single day for about a month
I really like is just like one of those
scams instead of just like actually
eating healthy and working out we gonna
find out in a month you want to try it
no I've been a little sick so I'll get
you a napkin
oh thank you oh you really you really
put a napkin napkin on you go I got some
on me to you you can fit it and I'll do
it you get away from the pillow 30
seconds 30 seconds I just threw up that
was no I don't have that what I wanna
try it okay okay just do it for a 15
I'll count just your head one no just
your head not your body I'm not the
whole body just your head go one two
three four don't go fast like this
slower slower and harder there you go no
you're doing your nearest Japan okay
sleepy time
come on sleepy TV time they beat their
baby brunette hair brunette chicken I
get sleepy deep you time come-come
go to your room I'll be in my room
because you kicked me out I can't help
it I'm sick I coughed too much it keeps
her up so for some reason that means I
can't sleep in my bed I have to sleep in
a third bed and she gets my bed don't
understand why but I've learned not to
argue just be happy happy girlfriend
happy life well just know that if the
little girl that lives in my closet
comes out and scares you you can come
sleep in my bed with me yeah but have
you seen the little girl that lives in
here yeah
why I thought you'd be scared and run
into my room I run to my other room is
already in my room bye good bye then I
really am sick and I've been coughing a
lot but i I've been editing out the
coughs in the vlog but I'll leave that
one in there just for you guys that's
all I got for you guys today see you
tomorrow
nah imma see again until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling and you're probably not
my channel I probably haven't liked this
vlog cuz you're doing it wrong
