Oh what it is would it be what it do
dull Lauren what are you doing you're
showering what are you trying with a
bathing suit on goodbye I gotta go to a
meeting okay buddy I'll be back in like
two hours
I like how and then we're gonna light
some stuff on fire we just had a very
productive meeting we got a lot of stuff
done without a lot of stuff going on in
the future and it oh you'll see just
stick with the journey and you'll see
all of it come come - for wishing that's
all right that's all right
okay thank you everybody thanks for
coming and there's only like three
people in here I'm gonna make it look
like this 20 okay okay
now the business part of the day is over
I remembered something I came home to my
boys and I was like where's mom at and
they said she go get her hair dude she
went to go get her hair did now I
remember talking to her and she said
she's 50/50 going to get brunette hair
ever since we started dating I told her
I like brunettes she's blonde but I
still love Lauren of course I think
she's beautiful with her blonde hair but
for some reason I don't know why I just
like brunette she said she might be
getting it and then she texted me she
said oMG you're gonna die I can't wait
to see your reaction you would think I
would get excited about that but she did
this to me before
okay he's about to be here I'm literally
shaking home 2 3 whoa they're real
yeah I know I got extensions and bangs
oh you used to do like it though
do I still like you
that was weird Oh like 100 so you can
see how I'm skeptical but we gonna find
out she's on her way back right new
wisdom only eat human food when human is
not there did you hear my wisdom
would you hear it oh oh come on
wisdom Lauren's taking forever and she's
not here yet so I have to distract
myself in some way let's go get some
food bro
the time it's time I can look now
not like candle just scary I can't let's
go live this way I can live like this
that's a life yeah okay so the killer
fine I love it too much what have you
have it EBU I can't escape I can't
believe it I feel like it's always do it
so different your hair matches your
eyebrows now oh Lord
uploaded a surprise vlog today showing
my reaction and the reveal of her hair
so I can't show you but if you want to
see what her hair looks like go to her
blog it's crazy
wow I can't show you in the book all day
right yeah okay whoa yeah yeah yeah I
know
are you ready for this treasure the very
bottom tips okay oh my gosh that's real
that's not real I still feel like I
could pull it off okay it's a wig Matt I
know this oh my gosh mousse okay you
just keep you in cardboard we're gonna
light this on fire as a reminder check
out this flashback once again
250 times that it's gonna be crazy but
first I only go see Kings man if I open
that easy squeazy I think it's a nut
twist-off I've been trying all day you
know I don't I think it's not a
twist-off thank you do it no well that
didn't turn out so good those ones we
can try parts that might be since Lauren
got a bunch of these Wed let them dry
and this is actually only about 20 of
them and we're gonna hang them all up
and we gonna light it on fire I'm
probably gonna move across the room like
here to like here and Lauren's gonna
shoot it with a flamethrower right or
you want me to you want me to do it I
can do it if you want me to are you sure
your hair looks good no it looks crazy
okay focus please what you did a
sold-out look for like a 10 o'clock
showing did you look it up there's no 10
okay can we get two seats right behind
the railings I like to put my feet up on
the rails what wait Lily what if I
already bought tickets yeah yeah look at
you look at you look at you with your
brunette hair already got us tickets and
it's perfect seating yeah we're not
being in the fog right now okay what do
you miss the wasabi ins but you don't
miss them right now Oh
choo-choo okay let's go
Oh Susie get back we can like the
bonfire can I show them you can show I
can yeah you sure yeah okay I'm just
gonna do it hey man you can't see my
hair either though okay I it like that
movies first just so you know if I
decide where hoodies my Easy's and some
sweatpants okay that's what I decided
then Lord like oh let's manage cuz I'm
Laurie no wearing a Lord's hoodie
legging and your Easy's what are you
doing you know how closet here I walked
over in itself it
sure you did likely story little petunia
oh sorry i silly kumquat movies not have
you bought my finger we can't go the
hospital thing about it going to the
movies we're going to the movies
I'm going to the movies now we're gonna
be match another way hey hey okay let's
go that's hurry so I can light these
things on fire alright so you can like
these things on fire do not want to
anymore I'll do it
so you don't want to do it you want to
do it or not do it no ghetto
tomorrow has to be in this vlog tonight
that's what they've all been expected
heavy I'll do it my comrades we have a
problem
movie is great by the way look for an
hour for this flamethrower and I could
not find it anywhere it is gone forever
I think one of the cleaning ladies put
it away somewhere and we cannot find it
that is okay because the flamethrower is
not necessary for the epicness we are
about to partake in
we just need fire and we have a light
with 50 sheets so they're gonna be crazy
this is a well-thought-out plan this is
not half-baked don't do this at home
the frescoes only I'm a professional at
doing stupid stuff so that makes me a
professional you're not professional I
profess no you don't know me yes yeah so
let me demonstrate what's about to go
down
once again hey just hold it are you
scared you guys it disintegrates nothing
Falls these guys sir oh my gosh where
you wanna do me to hold it okay
hoody why are you trying to catch it
look with nothing there's nothing to
catch no it did it did no burn mark 90
did now we're gonna do 50 in a row here
we go it's about to get crazy
guys do not do this ever in your life
just come to my channel watch me do it
whoa
yeah
Oh what am I supposed to do
I brought some arm here all my fingers
are gone bad that smells like burnt hair
yeah that is burning oh my god I'm dead
oh okay
now can I announce the Instagram
giveaway winner yeah and the winner is
Braden Hodgins 23 winners announced on
my Instagram oh you announced it owners
you know you've won no that's it you've
won you get 30 cuz you my bro you a
sabbia bro I said wasabi bros get three
slits i'ma hook you up I'm a DM you on
Instagram and you gonna get hooked up
and let us know who should read
something which I feel bad cuz there was
like three hundred thousand entries
those more common injuries than there
were likes on my pictures we do one more
yes I feel like a liar if we do one more
cuz I said there was only gonna be one
restock and there was one restocked so
if we do it again though we're lying
we're liar is that what we want to be
known as oh I like your hair that's all
I got for you guys today thank you for
stopping by and enjoying the epicness
that is my life your life all our lives
combined into one epic ball like this
see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to come back 3 p.m. every
day also do me a favor don't forget to
remember subscribe like this vlog about
zombie and Twitter same thing not
laurdiy don't follow at laurdiy hey okay
you can follow at moose from anybody and
Gumpy the plug my boy what's he eating
and most importantly don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong bye
