do you think Lorex will go the distance
will we end up together forever what it
is would it be what it do dog as you
know yesterday I filmed the lie-detector
test on Lilly Singh aka
super woman and we gonna find out the
truth
Tuesday it's a day's vlog but first it
is morning time I just woke up and I
need some breakfast so I think it's time
for some wasabi kitchen
Saamy kitchen today as always I got my
boy mr. Josh Elka I eat my breakfast
food what is the breakfast of champions
tell me
well members of Champions is of course
Pizza Pizza no we're not making any
regular pizza
obviously I'll bake it in this bowl
aren't you excited what do you mean is
it gonna like it's gonna be full we're
gonna make it happen
everyone's gonna be amazing it's gonna
taste like yeah we're gonna do is slice
of wasabi kitchen than there are better
and you'll be chocolate pineapple a yeah
I haven't had breakfast for pizza since
yesterday wait pizza for breakfast yes
breakfast for pizza is a whole other
show doing a good job thank you we start
the layering oh you need your thong by
water anymore so it doesn't stick and we
can pop it right out after it's cooked
cuz I'm on that smart smart boy
building his pizza on the top up from
the bottom
no that's a bit confusing right yes then
right now we open not yet not even how
we can add the dough some finagling pop
open the knot dough the ragu sauce chef
just good for your heart the more you
eat the more you
Bart another layer yes now little bit
more sauce we're almost there now it's
time drum roll please
pastas ready
nobody told me this fucked up yes later
oh yeah Tina is fucked up more poppy no
I had to the other family of kakadu have
so much later break it on like this one
- OH
q you know this can you make it nice and
round
yeah you know sweet dreams baby my
little bunny go they've been the real
release of all what yeah okay this is a
remarkable tool it's from the ancient
times
it's called this view a spear or you got
it oh my gosh
oh my gosh legit I'm not gonna lie it
didn't turn out the way I wanted that's
okay it's still good you know this part
montage
that's all we got for you guys today
thanks for coming by
and stopping by little what I could do a
better do it better okay I know
there we go that's more like it right
doesn't that look so much more like a
pizza it does pineapple and all the
melodies I know what the pineapple and
the melted white item thank you for
stopping by outside the kitchen like
this blog if you want to see a bunch
more of these segments I'll check out
youtube.com slash the Josh L kid you
want to check out more crazy recipes
this is what he does all the time and
he's one of my best friends so he came
by decided to help me out make some
craziness whenever I think of something
he knows how to execute and that's what
we do almost happy kitchen let's go yeah
all those things they don't want to hear
uncle pugs wisdom all right and I have
case oh my god deepest french-kissed
this pug has ever had of my life
you got in there I think you actually
broke confident that's supposed to
happen work okay okay what's the plan
wisdom time ready it's human sit on bull
may the porcelain that porcelain bowl is
not well ideal honorable you must up my
wisdom broke not cool by now I know
you're thinking why did the thumbnail
and title say lie detector on superwoman
if you haven't showed us the lie
detector on super well well I'm gonna
get to it hold your horsies first I got
something super important to tell you I
have to share with the world everyone
needs to know this if they don't know it
by now Laura
and I both have an Instagram giveaway of
the final loreck's murder that's not
what I wanted to tell you the important
thing is that I have a lot more comments
than Lauren has on her picture in my
experience better both Twitter polls
like really bad then why do I have more
comments but I have like 30,000 more
comments right why'd you get like 13%
that people just don't why did I why do
I have like 70,000 comments and you have
like 3040 thousand why'd you got to
start Cooperstown
okay now that everybody's aware that I
get a lot more comments on my era
pictures than Lauren does I have more
followers and people like my better and
I okay what are you doing I'm just okay
alright hey guys I really got to show
them the lie detector test baby being
cute it's not my fault guys this look at
this
do you blame me for vlogging this the
squishiest face I've ever seen in my
life no time for yes Paquito I am NOT a
taco I'm a pug burrito some say I'm
smart but I'm kind of stupid oh but it's
okay cuz I'm super cute - hey can I tell
you something okay come to bed I'll tell
you
okay I'll tell you another you ready No
why are you nervous what do you think it
is what you ready
promise how gonna be mad no so you might
be mad yes until you die okay I'll tell
you right after this lie detector test
uh-huh
and so it begins we have the scientists
Lauren on the science and I am the
question interrogator and she is the
victim
no hard feelings for these answers okay
oh she's gonna be completely truthful
I've said it's mostly questions about us
she has to tell you right now really
sing okay yeah are you a wasabi n-no
well are you a pretty little or I don't
qualify this and yes an open up so the
thing that oh yes I like it superwoman
mm-hmm do you believe that unicorns do
or ever have existed I believe they have
existed you're the unicorn Lisa I still
look at my existence time to get juicy
now okay do you have a crush on anyone
in your life
the night oh do you now oh I wonder who
it is
would your answer be yes if dwayne
johnson proposed to you don't think of
outside things like always daughter has
a way if he was single and he proposed
this right now today right now today if
he called you the egg girl trying get
married on the rock i would ask them to
go on a date
so you think nobody working right today
right now if I would marry him I would
say no okay that's understandable I
would say yes if you say yes no I mean I
would say no to what more you ready for
this one this is the one everyone's been
waiting for more extra favorite couple
in the world
yeah oh I thought it's a hard person to
like in the world well I mean excluding
your parents okay you okay good choose
your words carefully on this one between
the two of us is lower on your favorite
hit you with another Lauren's question
but wait you think Lorex will go the
distance will we end up together forever
No
I'm doing 19 last question and probably
undoubtedly the most important question
I asked Lauren this when I put her in
the lie detector and she told me a lot
so you're gonna tell me the truth I'm
gonna try my best I think you promised
you'd tell the truth okay okay answer it
I'm so nervous right now
oh boy okay oh do you think I'm manly no
no what get zooks man come on you think
good things that really just takes away
from me no machine you have detected
irregularity Oh would you like to
explain any of your answer okay there's
one that's questionable and it's the
stupidest one but very manly no the
unicorn well I've never thought about it
before a family that you know crunches
or not does like I think they might know
but I've never thought about that so
wait do you think unicorns myelination
no unicorns more manly than me what do
you have muscles on muscles does make
you manly yeah have you seen my cat
they're nice it is the voice thing it's
not hundred-percent the voice well I
guess I'm talking like this I like your
voice I don't think okay we're going
yeah
are you a song again you said no science
says undetermined oh that's because when
I classify the wasabi that would mean I
love your videos I know it which is not
true yeah but I'm not doing genuine you
like you and I might have a fan of what
you do yes
okay what am I like qualified to
comenzamos odd me I don't think I think
you are next question what are you a
pretty little Lord exactly another thing
you answered no science says that's why
I was like well I love Lauren so much
but again like you just asked them did
you watch my thing I was like no so I
can't possibly call myself I haven't
seen your most recent videos that's flat
what Matt do you believe unicorns do or
have ever existed
you said yes science says lie yeah next
question do you have a crush on anyone
you answered yes science is truthful I
would like to say that's why I've been
honest I feel I'm just happy about my
personal winner you did this today
I really do like you okay the first as a
human I just don't want on your videos
I'm sorry you don't watch my videos next
question if Dwayne Johnson proposed to
on the spot right now what would you say
you answered no machine says really not
alive oh your heart said yes your brain
said okay is that Bo
are we your favorite couple you said no
and it's the truth just call this video
the time duty losses are only two
friends between the two of us mmm is
Lauren your favorite you said yes and
science says sister yo we like big
duality times it's intimate
conversations you know as fun as I
thought it's going to be do you think
Lorex will go the distance
meaning stay together by far you said no
polygraph says truth both still pretty
young I feel like I do you think you're
old but you're not I think you're both
still pretty young I think being a
couple on YouTube is very hard yeah and
big adds pressure and stress and it only
works against relationships I hope I'm
wrong I hope you do that but I mean
forever is a long time going on Lily
yeah last question do you think oh man
wait you said no lie detector
as results and the result is you will
lie I'm so madly yes yes well in your
heart of hearts you become family that's
why I had to say no to do it just in
case you come around right Lauren yeah
thank you for joining me thank you
on this episode of we lie detector eight
wasn't that a fun lie detecting text who
should I detect next tweet me at Alex
wasabi
you ready find out I'm gonna tell you
okay do you remember this remember how
crazy and awesome that was I was freakin
fireball girl up in here I was lighting
everything on fire left and right from
far away and what was the biggest thing
you lit on fire in those big sheets and
how cool was that
pretty cute and how much cooler would it
be if we had 50 of those sheets not that
cute because that sounds dangerous
I've already ordered them all on there
right there everyone and looking like
the one fire tomorrow Oh danger do you
not want to play throw it I do know
where we can do it to sounds like
problems for future Lauren and Alex hope
you enjoyed the wasabi kitchen hope you
enjoy getting uncle pug wisdom hope you
enjoy the lie detector test and you're
gonna definitely enjoy tomorrows I'm
throwing extravaganza until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember subscribe
like this fly go to my Instagram comment
no comment under that picture so you can
get the last of a lauric smart and I've
changed the rules you don't have to just
say I love mousse you could come any I
love Kiwi you can okay don't say that
but you could comment anything you want
it doesn't matter okay
no that's gross and you can comment as
many times as you want also anything you
want as many times as one go now enter
you only got 24 hours left after this
vlog wit to enter for the very last of
the Lorex merch ever to exist oh yeah
Laurens Instagram page is doing a
giveaway too I guess you can go over
there if you want oh and if you're not
smiling you're doing around
okay bye
