okay you ready a good time yeah what it
is would it be what it do duh
it is finally time to tell Aaron what
his birthday present is we've had a lot
of delays but it is finally happened
Aaron Aaron Lauren you're here I'm here
it's time to tell Aaron but where is
there in what what am I gonna do in the
meantime play it back that's a hard pass
how about give you a present
what we gonna do
making free devil rice krispie treats in
the form of a pie and making a fruity
that little cheesecake to go inside of
it well no just a crush for me
cheesecake pie
obviously marshmallows yeah 1 2 3
so close next time I'll be right over
this little mixed degree pebbles
wait the marshmallows and the butter
that is nothing added marshmallows
okay Wow rainbow is exciting this is
really cool I think this is gonna be my
favorite one so far
I hope so first sure I mean we made some
good ones yeah but never a tip box no
but I think this right here yeah over
here you can pour it all into the pie
tray by this yeah we're good it's going
it's working this no key it seems a
little more they move that stick your
fingers bring understanding hey nigga
cheesecake mix cream cheese cream cheese
or maybe Allah or maybe people what's
going down right now this is a fruity
pebble rice krispie treat crusts a rough
booty couple cheesecake into it I just
want you to grasp that in your head for
a second oh we almost miss completely
almost complete like me smash it and
sprinkle it over that sounds like a job
for
okay you ready good time yeah I'm gonna
get morning I got some bad news
Lauren kind of fell asleep a little bit
kind of so it's like a fourth time you
told me you're gonna tell me but you
haven't you just how about how about
okay as soon as she wakes up you're
gonna have that knowledge in your brain
you're gonna know but in the meantime
I'm gonna go to the gym be right back
three hours later I'm back from the gym
it's time to tell you yes wait wait I
have a question who's that on the phone
I have a question for her should I wait
till you get here to tell him
no oh do you wanna I'll you just wanna
know oh I thought that you would like to
extend his his his struggles okay come
on are you ready is it time oh okay now
it's time for your birthday present this
year that was about a week ago Lauren
and I have decided to combine our
birthdays yeah our birthdays so we're
gonna take that combined present and
we're gonna turn it into a Lawrence
present of us going to Hawaii for a
vacation and you can bring any plus one
you want so me Lauren you and then
whoever you want to bring and then we're
gonna have
fun to be epic you just think about it
your husband side right now you could
just think about it it will come back to
it there you could bring mood you could
bring just anybody that pops in your
head oh you want to go okay we're all
going then us for we're going away we're
gonna do some crazy adventures you want
to go skydiving in Hawaii apparently
it's the best place to do it
don't have to skydive in white I'll do
it if she does it yeah you know like
that was a bit of a bore and not bad
there's so many things there's so many
pictures there's so many waterfalls we
go in
what you think have you been there
I know I know you haven't been there no
that's why I'm Bremen is I got you
another present
are you ready boom you can't bite it you
pick it up like a pie like it's it's
really it's also not honey pie no pick
it up what you mama
you want some mousse like father like
son that's my boy mousse we gotta talk
sometimes I see you with an entire limb
of Guppies in your mouth sometimes you
have this whole head in your mouth and
I'm gonna tell you something okay look
guppy is friends not food guppy his
friend not to have some bad news
okay I can't sleep over tonight yes you
can
I may be sick yeah we've been sick back
and forth like four times it's never
gonna end
yeah but we're not getting sick from
each other I know but you will get me
sick no you find that I'm gonna be sick
I'm telling you it's for the better I
can't sleep over look I'm sick right now
all day yeah mousse I can't sleep over
tonight bro you don't understand yet
when you have a girlfriend you
understand okay bro don't be sad look up
Moo's come on it's for the best
don't be no
let me clear some things up I know a lot
of you are like oh good Weber and be
like I don't care if I get sick I love
you so much I'm gonna get sick with you
after two years of doing that it's not
really a chivalrous thing to do anymore
it's just how long's the illness has a
she's sick that I could seek because of
her that she gets sick because of me
it's a vicious cycle tell her how sick
have we been together how long has it
been two months yeah and it's not trying
to end it oh did you bring the Lambo
today I'm doing this for us chicken
nugget I don't have you here take your
hat bring another person tomorrow to
make up for okay you don't want my
presents tomorrow I'm 100% bringing you
a present you're gonna love it it's
gonna be the best one yet and it might
go along with your hat well does does it
end a vlog talk if you guys be joining
the journey every single day and coming
back liking the vlogs your subscribe
then you should know that Lauren and I
were trying to get a Valentine song up
hey Lauren I don't know if you know but
I think what the studio will be working
with we we've been having some
scheduling problems so I definitely am
NOT gonna be able to release the
official music video hopefully by
Valentine's Day I will be able to drop
the official song see you guys all hear
it but the music video is gonna have to
come a little bit after Valentine's Day
I'm gonna try my best to make it happen
see you guys on the next vlog until then
do me a favor
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you do whenever oh okay bye
