your wife's a thief bro what is what it
be what it do so I'm here with the two
ladies of my life Lauren and the lady ha
ha we are coming together to give you
guys one of the most awaited for claps
in the whole world that I've ever heard
about it's as Lily born in winter Sheila
Lorex Lexy larec see which one you like
good
I got me last I told you guys to be
together okay lil oryx
like now it looks like you need that
better than that guys so let's get
started first you're doing Lawrence and
there is a little surprising right here
let's get started and then I got some
juicy questions for Lily to take on a
lie-detector test
Oh No stop Oh Armour collapse never one
complete okay bye now
Wow and now it's time for my video from
my video I think I have a few questions
for Miss superwoman over there ah and
I'm gonna put the lie detector on
nervous don't lie right alright we'll
see we'll see that I've done this on
Logan of the massage orange maybe Oh
nobody's made it through without one
outlet you could say something but it's
what you truly believe will come out in
the light action mm-hmm
lie-detector test has been completed but
I'm not posting it today i posting it on
thursday cuz i the same day that Lily's
video goes on and then lawrence goes up
sunday it's a three way collab that's
how it works re about it but it's not
that far away now we have made it over
to Lily's house he makes me feel
non-professional look at this I have one
camera maybe two cameras and the Sun you
have a whole team here a whole team
Lilly is it's the Justice League if
you're superwoman is this the Justice
League because how popular it is has
anybody seen a DIY person that can help
me fix my hair anybody
oh are you come
my hand could come girlfriend duties are
calling come on whoever does my hair is
gonna be my official new girlfriend is
that what you want come on yep keep
going the bathrooms are behind you
laughs aren't complete we are done we
had a time of fun but we got a run I am
the one you peel Costigan got born come
on now because they're ripped open and
buns now we must go and engage in couple
versus couple mariokart hey let's do it
the lie detector ID comes out Thursday
this video comes out Thursday morons
video comes out who cares
now that the productivity of the day is
done we have moose here we got to
introduce him to his new best friend
Wow look at these cheaters they're
trying to get ahead store before we came
in
I told munis that he's about to meet his
best friend and I think I might have got
a little ahead of myself
monks steps with food there was like one
piece of kibble underneath a big dog but
he's actually a puppy still he's a big
puppy hey buddy had Milo and moves just
really excited to see him in the mouth
yeah moose is just he's just oblivious
to anything so he's oblivious to
aggression dule he'll bite moose and
moose will forget that he bit him and
tried to play them again
yeah I must be a good boy I've had a go
beat Milo's parents in Mario Kart let's
play combine our scores combine let's do
it Hey hi I got to get over you okay
okay and I'm together us for you and me
Conte I was like a bulky clumsy baby
definitely a muscular clumsy baby he's
literally like a head of rocks yeah hey
see okay there you go
Oh Lucy you get stuck okay just just
calm calm calm ha ha Wow he's like army
crawling under there Milo there you go
friends forever as soon as we get back
from this walk we're no longer friends
for like 15 minutes it is about to go
down on the school right now online is
one two time what the time I'm down
right now
that is like the overall online score
from the last okay okay here we go
hook up the Beast what Beach hey I'm
like Abby's down here bear mighty back
then have you run a hotel tucked
underneath ah let's go then I just made
up did you yeah I didn't
let's go we're gonna get in here oh yeah
here we go
position do anything oh my god did you
get three in second place I saw glue
going inside I saved one diabolical my
word okay in case you didn't know this
is a combined effort so there's a meet
Lauren versus these two it was just
super losing dude yeah not because me
cuz I suck I can't even gasp like Jess
it hurts my throat well you turned so
hard you're gonna punch her in the face
oh yeah
yeah yeah oh man it's a long as you have
ever drifted in my life once again
oh that sounds far away oh no like right
now it's still first out of the grow
well I'll be on my teammates side we
tied now we're playing right now okay
let's go let's go after having such a
victorious victory in Mario Kart I
decided to take out this not winner dice
created what I'm told I'm taking out
guys because you lost so bad Wow
necessary a little bit just watch my
butt you're buying we have arrived
once again to salt & straw this is a
second Saltonstall that I've been to
guys you're eating without me you just
gonna eat it without me yeah well okay
that's gross how come they're eating
theirs but you're not eating yours yet
are you waiting for me Oh No
why are you not eating it
Darcy yeah I'm walking we'll grab the
drink like a smoothie or something yeah
I'm shopping in Sam Sam hey I'll just
bring the wrapper and give the wrapper
to the cashier and be like here scan
that you're like paint boy do you have
money then eat to do one by one by
compromise then oh she didn't pay yet
she's eating shitty opinion your wife's
a thief bro here it comes here comes oh
yeah thank you
oh yeah in your face in your face yeah
but it wasn't this it's that good good
and that dope dope actually looks so
good dude thank you I worked hard on
paying for it oh wait you paid where
thank you now what you've all been
waiting for the last of the Lorax merch
in existence is gonna be given away
right here as you know we restocked the
merch twice it sold out we're not doing
it again that was just for the super
lore exams so we decided to save a few
just to give to you all you have to do
is subscribe like this blog go to my
Instagram at Hawks wasabi like this
picture and comment what should they
comment it's not a picture of moose oh
let's do it wouldn't make sense okay go
to this picture like it subscribe like
this vlog and comment down below
that picture to enter the giveaway and
you had to enter I love books there's no
limit to how many times you can answer
so you can answer as much as you want a
giveaway lasts for 48 hours so that
means goes up one day that means
Saturday's vlog I will announce the
winner because I will pick it on Friday
so Friday's vlog up Saturday so Saturday
you will find out if you want if you win
you get a lordy and a Lorax
shirt but there's only shirts for girls
so boy my bro what's a viens window you
can get two hoodies i'ma hook you up
I'll give you three wait do we have that
he's okay I can only promise to because
I think that's pretty much what we have
no I'll give you one of mine
you can have three it's a dude you get
three if it's a girl you can have a
shirt and a hoodie yeah okay fine if
it's a girl you get two hoodies and a
shirt if it's a boy you get you get
three three hoodies deal that's it it's
done so if you haven't already make sure
you subscribe make sure you follow me on
Instagram and well oh yeah Laurens doing
that answer guys giveaway to know I'm
doing the Instagram giveaway too same
rules go to her Instagram like the
latest picture comment down below 48
hours
I love mousse that's all you got do and
your that's all got you guys today see
you tomorrow
do me a favor don't forget to remember
to subscribe like this vlog and if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay goodnight now okay bye
