I've never cried butter until it before
first time what what it is would it be
what it do don't Jules has been giving
this a few walking problems he pulls a
lot to see so much color you chose
himself out it's not good not good so we
have the professional trainer here did
be teaching us how to keep him from
joking himself when he walks and look
close keep this piece of Alicia brows
nice leashes shorten news he's looking
at my boots a good boy when he when he
says
so we learned all this in the quiet
hallway and he remember it all in the
hectic downtown LA we tried to get away
from all the crazy city sounds
construction vehicles streets all that
craziness so he came to a park and he's
a little better good boy good boy
moose is doing so like it smartest dog
in the world white he's still kind of
fooling with the leash and we're worried
about his neck a trainer said it's fine
cuz he's a super muscular neck nothing's
happening but he's pulling too hard so
he suggested that we get something
called a gentle
leader I don't know it looks like we
gonna find out so this is a gentle
leader as you can see it goes around his
neck but it also goes around his hair so
that heating is cool because of the
corners face it's not a muzzle it's not
bad lucky you so open his mouth leak so
fetch
well it just stops him from fooling when
you're walking back so let's go test it
out there you go this is going to be
good because it's not gonna cook fresh
ricotta something
yesterday I found a place called P be
Jay L is the special peanut butter and
jelly sandwiches that I want to try they
closed it for right now is 320 I have to
hurry but don't worry cuz I'm not
walking walking takes about 25 minutes
scooter will take about five I see you
got your scooter I got my scooter PB&J
with like some sandwiches please oh yeah
a master at work oh alright thank you
sir Mike are you ready my boy awkward
are you ready hey I'm Ben Rick don't say
you're ready for it let's get it this
could be weird almond butter and
strawberry jam
hey Gillian that way I like my peanut
butter jelly ratio to be like 65% I've
never cried butter
first time why here the witnesses he's
never done it together never white so
look what he did he got peanut butter
sandwich and jelly separate my first
time here we go
it's okay but I'm a fan of the original
Oh
good Jimmy have you ever seen this movie
Green Hornet audition no you would look
good on TV
what that'd be crazy man what are you
doing it in wait what wait a few friends
over and not every day you have a good
day some of our friends had a bad day so
we're gonna cheer them up lauric style
you guys are my friends some of you had
a bad day so I give you the happy
dinosaur
hey no guppy I'm sorry I know that
dinosaur is kind of creepy but he's done
crawl on you oh we forgot
uncle pug you gotta get his wisdom come
on come on hello hello today's uncle pug
wisdom is if the tail you are chasing is
always behind you it is your tail wisdom
I'm so sad I'm the most sad what is this
oh wait we still have 16 hours and 23
minutes No hey what did you lose yours
my final yeah well at least there's an
improvement I just got my us ideas we're
gonna show up and hook me up with that
vote but no let's move on to something a
little happier who wants to hear the
official Lorax theme song okay after
this chess game it's time to perform for
our friends I can't let you guys hear it
yet because I want to keep it a surprise
or when it comes out because we're gonna
make a whole video to it and we're gonna
record it personally and it's gonna be
great but I can't show you everybody's
reactions ready yeah I don't know okay
here we go
Pizza has arrived so I guess you guys
will just have to wait till the song
comes out to hear the second version are
you trying to get it on it oh yeah oh
yeah that's been crushed that's remember
oniy extra pineapple half banana peppers
that sinks cheese is in there and this
is blog talk tomorrow's vlog Lauren and
I are both doing a giveaway for the
Lorex merch it's all sold out and we
might do a restock of all the merch if
yesterday's vlog hits a hundred thousand
subscribers I think right now it's at
like 50,000 or 60,000 so go like that
vlog I will restock but that's also a
giveaway and my vlog tomorrow and
Lauren's balling that comes out tomorrow
so enter both because they both come be
dope they gonna be on Instagram so find
out all the details in tomorrow's vlog
one last thing I need to clarify before
I go bye-bye
there is the first-ever Lorax music
video coming out September 29th after
that sometime in October there's gonna
be the Lorax theme song the official
Lorax theme song that one is separate so
just there's two Lord songs coming out
so get ready to have a bunch of Lorax in
your burn that's all I got for you guys
today
see you tomorrow or the giveaway della
works merch and until then don't forget
to subscribe don't forget to like
yesterday's vlog and today's vlog this
one right now
the buns right there I'll take my two
seconds and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
time to put you in line hands okay I
hope that says
