we didn't tell them yet we have written
and original what it is would it be what
it do dog today we have one mission in
one mission only to fix my back I mean
painless must help me oh really
stormy oh snap
I'm gonna slip a discus okay last night
played basketball and I think I went too
hard something about my back hurts
I should have been Duncan and putting
all those alley-oops and the goal yeah
I'm in pain did you kick me in the back
last night when I went to sleep
no what's my back hurt is it because of
this TV yeah what can we do what are we
gonna do to fix it you would say
something like that I think I see
something productive like stretch I'll
go to the hot tub
I'm gonna stretch in the hot tub swim
wort you know that make you the best
girlfriend ever
I know you just only asked me on the
vlogs you know I don't increase the
chances of me saying yes let's talk
isn't saying no off camera though you
know what make you let's go forever my
throat kind of hurts
No
we'll make that plan B can you order me
something hot to drink there's a coffee
shop downstairs oh but it's necessary
you like it is it good oh this has been
the
awesome oh it always heals my back every
time I get a hat every time
many hot tub excursion complete now time
for mission of the day number two and
that's fix my screen that I've that's
number three Oh first we gotta fix my
screen that I broke in basketball
yesterday remember I have to shave my
face every day this mustache used to
have to be shaved once a week and then
maybe like once every three days for a
couple years but now I'd literally have
to shave it every day I'll look in the
mirror and see it's our new pet what's
his name Koki that's your name Oh focus
on the mission woman I love you hey I
don't know we gotta get some opinions
makin moves making moves everybody look
cuz I'm making moves making moves making
moves everybody look but I'm making
moves making moves making moves
everybody look cuz I'm making moves
it's not looking good for from a good
friend here how long does it take to get
thick like well you're working on the
quickness all right I'll see you in a
little bit bloody Florence taking a
shower
I have no following what am i doing my I
don't know what to do anymore mom mom
I'm so lost without my phone I realize
he said come back in 20 minutes how am I
suppose not how long 20 mins is I don't
know well I don't know why this is what
my life is led to this is it mom I'm
back because I have no life for that
life all whoa
that's what the inside of my phone looks
like yeah check out this is a
motherboard what would keep doing you
think of my phone and secret stuff that
normal people don't know you give me
like free Wi-Fi No
and done can I peel this and weakly yes
I feel complete once again I got my
phone I got a new screen
I got a screen protector weekly if a
basketball hits it again he's good that
was the longest mission of my life
don't worry you know you missed me I
know you're sad I know you cried I got
you a surprise it might be the best
lollipops ever forever yeah
now that was backs feeling better it's
time for two ice creams are you ready my
only mission today
what hello we're on mission number three
to the team Lawrence we're a team we
work on missions together team black
lauric 800 get the black Lorax forgot oh
they were a little delayed but we rockin
a mouth look I'm all blacked out here
let me see let me see let me show
so he about to die over here freakin
action
oh my god that car can close got him
okay now I scream Lauren what we got
right now cell ends draw oh it's not so
good in here
oh my god ah who is he we face is that
we face we sit with the count it's a
hundred percent of woofer grounds well
did you see what's on the ice-cream menu
right there
seasonally petunias peach crumble bars
what's my nickname little petunia pokey
Lucy bears father okay we're gonna have
a little test group guys we need a
consensus among the group let me explain
Lawrence nicknames over the last two
years with dating little petunia chicken
nuggets silly kumquats haha so I told
her I need one if she made one for me
but I don't know if I like it but it's
kind of growing on me let's see what you
guys think
okay is this an accurate representation
of me as an animal okay yes ready oh my
god knows this is a quota is it so is
that a good name the names a little
weird to be nickname cool neighbor
because that's Musa bear Oh chicken
nugget and quokka bear yeah I don't know
how to say if it's like a family thing
then yeah it works okay I guess
Wow earlier today I told my big brother
that I had a surprise for him and it's
time he received his surprise Aaron I
show you my trick I talk up you had to
do something cool yeah be Gibby let's do
it
Jimmy that's not the trick goobie don't
do that
are you ready yeah give me giddy
we practiced we've worked on that yeah I
taught most tricks I'm working on it
that was the trick yeah one more time
you bring the ball back okay let's do it
again
hey I'm a punk rebound we can be best
friends I think he likes it how he loves
it Frank completely okay what's my
nickname again Pookie bear I'm a kooky
bear named after the quote garbage isn't
actually a bear neither as a moose or
mini bull terrier and that's Musa bear
Chloe bear chicken nugget and the steel
band blue oh we didn't tell them yet we
ha written an original Lorax theme song
also DIY Queen oat now oh yeah music
video that she worked super hard which
is super crazy and something you've
never seen from Warren before it's out
right now on our channel but also they
wrote a song we wrote a song and that's
what that girl is it's so good
you're all gonna love it all our friends
are already got it stuck in their heads
it's gonna be great I can't leave you
guys to hear it so right now go check
out her video since this video is done
and then after that come back and watch
this again
I like and subscribe and follow
on the 29th is the first Lorax music
video ever we have that done it's being
edited right now on the 29th put any
calendars at the end of this month maybe
before or after maybe before or after
I'm not sure it's gonna be soon we're
going to shoot a music video for the
official Lorax theme song and you guys
are gonna love it because we love it
already it's so good so simple yet so
catchy be ready it's definitely gonna
come out before Halloween and it's from
an app game that I've been playing and
it has this catchy music in the
background and we just started singing
this song we that we're making up but we
both realize that it's gonna be the best
most catchy song ever on YouTube ever
except for DIY Queen debatable that's
all I got today see you tomorrow and do
me a favor don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing
