okay tell me go yeah it is what it is
would it be what it do duh I am
currently in the middle of a collab with
some good friends of mine I'm not gonna
tell you who it is I'm not explain what
it's coming out cuz I'm not sure when is
it coming out I can't scratch my face
because I'm tied up
how can my face is only itchy when I
can't scratch it October 27 these
collabs are coming out it's gonna be
dope
right now I'm tied up because we're
shooting their club a mine it's gonna be
on that dope dope as well so put it in
your calendar it's October 27th it's
happening come on video complete and as
you can see today was a very productive
day at the wasabi headquarters moving on
got a moose movie where we going where
we going tell em where we goin now gonna
get them moose sea bear the Moosey is
tough bears we gonna get the moose moose
moose moose seed but we're gonna get
moose and then we're gonna have moose
and guppy try a warhead that was
delivered today just a little just a
little lick I don't think he's gonna
want more than one leg there's no way no
way don't like this nobody likes bread
other words but I feel like aminals
don't like warheads was it being a whole
crew before he's gonna like a warning he
has eaten the whole good point
are you guys ready you ready let me show
you what we working with
I ordered a box of sour power candy mix
the world's most popular sour candies
let's see what it is
first of course classic sour skittles
sour punch rainbow straws airheads
extreme sour patch watermelon original
sour patch kids
Satur gummy worms toxic waste and the
most sour in my opinion
warheads c'mere kiddos time for some
warheads today's vlog just went live oh
you know I moved my hands a lot when I
thought why would you put your face in
my hands larger anymore because half of
Lorex is dead
that's okay I'll represent us book my
shirt you're on my eyelashes oh sorry
shop Florrick's live right now you can
have all these things that just popped
up on the screen they're all there
go buy them right now that I mean I
they're probably sold out by the time is
vlogs and I was thinking that for my
vlog but it was a one-time deal so
hopefully you were there they're coming
they're coming in strong
oh my god world 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
13 14 15 16 17 18 or is in the first two
minutes yeah somebody just join the
lorax team and hook themselves up with
some more expert I want to meet you guys
in real life I know where the hoodies
all the time either around my waist or
on my body so you do the same and we
don't run into each other one day trust
I'm pretty sure we're gonna sell out by
the end of the day it's been like 15
minutes as I train this camera on last
time and in that 15 minutes we already
sold out of two things put some things
on out especially the pink hoodie which
is my favorite and apparently it's you
guys a favor to so maybe we should make
this not a one-time thing I mean if
there's demands we'll just do one more
restock of these and then that's it
okay because we have make sure they all
get one we're gonna restock one more
time just for you guys because I didn't
really lose yourself this hard I thought
people like Lauren and then they kind of
like me cuz I'm her boyfriend but I
didn't know you like both of us no we're
gonna tell our merch guys go restock
right now I'll go back to the store
right now because it's restocked but
it's gonna sell out again I know it in
like an hour we're gonna get so many sad
tweets I know I'm so so many sad tweets
and that's why we're getting ahead of
the game we got you we got you there's
no way they're gonna like this okay pick
your color blue and green okay Debbie's
first teddy
oh my mother tingling my mouth gets it
every time I open up warhead oh here we
go
guppy here we go guppy here we go like
it
no way wait did you like it oh he
doesn't like it I don't think it wants
anymore
oh no he still wants it darn it sour
why did you like it Moose's probably
don't want to eat the whole thing - come
on guys it was a little what weight
think about it think about it
sit what pace it why they like it I like
lots of bad things that are bad for me
what is wrong with them okay let's see
you you are you tell us if it's our you
like it
no way big widget oh you want no making
a face honey wants you okay ready no
face making three to go I think my eye -
its silhouette
I don't know okay prove it
oh I have had these before here you go
let's do it my taste buds so cleavers
yours well then I guess that makes mine
green
it's different I really think I like
strip my tongue oh I just felt a little
bit of sweat come to my face
okay you guys did a good job in the vlog
no you get you know you get do you know
what you get you get a puppy montage
let's go it's movie the two best friends
I've ever had no no ducks for you
alright he really wants this duck oh
geez
no doc no duck run for your life duck
moose ducks are friends no nose mouth
hey don't laugh I meet Jax
all right back across the bridge turn
across your first oh come on who put
this chain here
yes I'm cutting no duh hey going to duck
poop that's gross hello are you selling
candy what's your favorite one you like
all three of those okay I'm gonna buy
you all three of those you take it home
don't eat it all at once you promise
super promise did you eat any of this
yet
are you excited you can't eat more than
one a day the promise okay so I have 11
dollars - $3 how much is that that's
right so I'm gonna buy eight more things
so this is super healthy then you know
what happens in four hours and 11
minutes what time is it in four hours
anyway oh really
what does midnight mean so what was
supposed to happen today before tomorrow
hey what's my nickname what's my new
nickname hey I said you have till
tomorrow and it's almost the end of
tomorrow it's okay you got four hours
but you better have it ready I can't
live like this
Lauren do you know what this means
I mean I'm about to go play PCBU I'm
gonna play biscuit boo
and when I get back you're gonna have a
nickname for me oh my gosh you don't
even have options you gotta have at
least like three okay okay okay okay I
didn't know
okay back to Lauren's
nickname Lauren look sue this means
somewhat busy you okay tell me you have
one is it good how good is it good good
no I didn't know to come you liked both
of those you're like older I'm saying
there's a grid let me go say okay okay
okay is he gonna be a switch chubby no
it's chubby you know it's chubby tongue
moves first and you tell me at midnight
but tell me okay tell him tell him who
got me tell me tell me bro tell me tell
me moose tell me tell me yet anyways all
gay
oh you like it do I get you like it is
it good
no way Suzie she's gonna tell you all
right hurry this is life or death
situation Suzie come on she's gonna tell
tell you the hurt new to making it for
me that's been two years in the making
oh my my nicknames is it good what is it
I hope I like it what if I don't like it
thank you actually no it's midnight time
to tell me is it good
better than chicken nugget better than
the little petunia still they come quite
okay you're gonna tell me right now
there's been a new name for the rest of
my life I'm stressed okay tell me go
yeah is penny no no pen Jesus yell BAM
okay I need to be coming back photo
because you might not know wait don't
leave you might not know what it is I
have to be the judge if I like it or not
huh you liked all the night no stay in
little petunia Gabby you liked it I've
enjoyed you called it fine okay go
there's this aminal mm-hmm he's really
smiley mm-hmm has a tan complexion
mm-hmm it's cute
mmm I'm Safi Oh his name so just cocka
cocka cocka cocka the cookie nope Oh
cookie cookie no what are you gonna call
me Oh God everything my frog what
anything remotely close overall they
quote thick cruel nope okay try again
tomorrow that's all I got because it
boring smooch is back in stores right
now restocked go get it before it sells
out again and I'll see you tomorrow till
then do me a favor don't forget to
remember subscribe like this vlog
follow me on instagram know it if you
probably already follow me so go follow
Lauren - that doesn't mean you have to
unfollow me no and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong coz I'm a little quirky
no no no Coco no Coco bye
