are you scared don't open any drawers
too fast
what is would it be what it do duh I
slipped over at my girlfriend Lauren's
apartment last night
she had to get up early to go to a
meeting so I'm here all by myself and as
you know I've been planning a prank for
a very long time and I've been waiting
for the chance to get this apartment all
to myself so I can set up this epic
break and today is that day
but first moose Eber gots to go potty
what's up bro go potty okay drink first
you camel but then go potty okay that's
enough don't beat your poop on the floor
cuz you know who has to clean it this
guy go potty
don't side on me hey I know you got more
potty bows I know you've got more potty
for all I know you got more potty I know
this
come on c'mere c'mere I go more potty
you just drink like 10 gallons of water
I'm not cleaning up your pee-pee bro go
potty my mousse moves come on do it I
know you all whoa okay didn't see that
one coming that's gross oh you got any
more any more surprises for us come on
go potty go party moose I still smell it
I still saw it now that we've got the
potty out of the way I got some people
coming over to help me set this up
because it's gonna be on that dope dump
all here we go come on everybody come on
it's such a good prank I don't even care
have more knows that a prank is coming
because she's not gonna see what this is
she's gonna be like no oh so it's gonna
take a little while but just know it's
emotion and it's coming on that soon
soon now it's just I'm just are we cool
are we what do you think it's they're
cool guys yeah okay good
chess loser of today must do 50 pushups
game on a few moments later and I do my
shots fired
alright so it's 50 in the road right no
yeah you do
I don't know I'm gonna get the fifty in
two seconds two three four
is heaven create me none ah Gabi's
County and for you 30 31 32 33 39 40 ah
you can do it okay
41 42 43 44 45 46 and 7 48 49 you can do
it 50
when I stop again it implied that the
loser had to do 50/50 50/50 yup he's
gonna come 20 30 you gotta get low you
barely even penny your elbows you can
that's why you can't cuz you say you
can't but if you say you can't you can
just tell more it I think come on big up
you don't got time for all these excuses
five more and the last thing you got to
get low right guppy
don't do it guppy guppy no not on that
on the vlog to the board goal oh yeah
one more bro bro nice you think all this
stress has made me hungry let's cook
I had a crazy idea that I didn't know
how to execute my idea was to
incorporate a grilled cheese with a Luna
here today you might know him his name
is Josh
my back we missed you he said there was
going to be an actual camera crew there
I see Julian I see her
yeah I don't know what I'll do at all
worst first thing we do customer heinous
okay look at the gun I bought these geez
well that works in case we wanted to
take the dominant ejaculate the cheeks
Oh Plan B plan B
yeah I can do this
so fresh so bad flip it
cheesy flip it and pop it a cheese it
and she eats it and a pop it bud good
she's doing that eight next you have to
butter your body with or then it gets
grilled Josh now mixtape drop in 2001
never alright now we're going to do the
easiest step of this recipe it means
turning on the stove
I like placing instead of flopping but
that's just me
hey man what you got against poppers the
butter and the sugar is melting Wow
we rolled the heat from the bottom is it
should start melting the cheese it's not
yet but I should start so let's see how
many how many
synonyms you come up with radiographers
ready yeah wowsers the incredible
gadzooks
amazing holy Jolly Rancher holy Toledo
gee willikers gosh go cut some Molly's
hot sand oh okay don't mess up you don't
think I'm a flipper I can flip right
you're not you're a pauper I'm a plumber
and the flipper what's this bleep I got
it was like really good
okay hey wow that looks good this looks
good I wonder who's gonna taste you eat
and you can never know with our recipes
up you never know anybody found that you
taste it and then it's like laughs yeah
well that's what I am I getting goose
bumps I'm sweating a little bit
are you drying your hands - or I don't
know I don't know that's weird but weird
it's good weird is good oh yeah while
they're pulling down let's do Plan B
okay jelly doughnuts are burning then
stick in really yeah you got really
whoa like a dad oh wait I love it hey
don't don't like weird hopefully this is
better than that
hey Josh you know what time it is
Harshman mark last toy
my shoulder right
all these wasabi kitchens are gonna make
me a big Alex moose moose c'mere
ok not that close who did this who put a
hole in my sweater yeah
who did that moose who did it cuz he
said that it wasn't Lorax and mu see he
wants to be shop Lorax and moose calm
are you ok what now he already has his
ship name with guppy happy hey movie
what close your eyes I've got TVs to
show you what yeah I'm scared I'm scared
is it kibble I'm scared no why ok oh my
gosh I thought it was alive for a second
okay I feel like it's something loose
once yes okay
Oh bear bears are gross another what
they're cooking fair bear this for you
right yeah okay oh this is what you
wanted to show me yeah okay Bay Bridge
gross
the first one they have to be initiated
oh you know this one punch one kiss okay
one paws each end one kissies okay and
the part I'm mad at you why because let
me tell you why my little petunia my
chicken nuggets
my silly kumquats I don't have an
original nickname from you in two years
of dating I've come up with I just told
you three I need a abstract silly name
as well okay you have 24 hours I have to
know by tomorrow in my phone your name
is the chicken nugget what's my name in
your phone Oh turtle wasabi that's
wasabi but I need a nickname not a name
for when I get slightly chubby hey I
need a nickname by tomorrow and you know
the Lawrence merch is out right now it
came out as soon as this ball came out
at 3:00 p.m. so go shop more calm I have
lip gloss on coz I didn't have chapstick
and Lauren had chapstick I just noticed
how shiny my lips are and get all the
merch you've ever wanted you keep this
Lorex shirt - the hole that moves left
you can get the pump get pulled up you
look at the hoodies and three colors
pink gray and black also these hoodies
are unisex hoodies so you crack them no
girlfriend Gotham your boyfriend
Corrigan yo mama croco right nice and
you also got these two options you got
the love Lorax in black
what's the other color Oh three colors
and you can get the baby Dino wait no
gross yo nobody likes me anything else
oh no you can get the Dinos long shirt
is on so the detail of shirt right here
that one that's probably gonna be a fan
fan yeah yeah they're all really good
yeah I wish I could wear them but for
girls I'm gonna be rocking hoodies for
days anything ruin a great one she likes
to wear bigger a hoodie so she always
steal my hoodies brightness right Tyler
you're crazy so go to shop Laura cool
right now
and do what you need to do before it
sells out cuz trust me is gold sell out
hey I tell you something a secret the
prank has begun you left me in your
apartment all alone it's in motion it
has something to do your apartment be
scared don't open any drawers too fast
just open everything slowly you're gonna
you're gonna like it
I think or you might be overwhelmed but
we gonna find out together
no yet probably probably maybe a week so
I already told like I don't even care
that she knows because it's gonna be
such an epic prank and don't matter that
you know it just don't matter
I love that you're gonna like it you're
gonna like it
it's like a surprise print a good
surprise prank that's all I got for you
guys today
oh wait there's one more thing did you
really think that we were gonna release
merch and not do a giveaway is that what
you thought in your brain is that what
what you thought in your head brain
no I wasn't gonna do a giveaway and
we're both gonna do it on Instagram
how many huh what is it are you what's
wrong hey you look mad hey it's not my
fault that I get more followers on
Instagram than you do
it's cuz I post a lot more and
your instagrams are garbage well
literally just post like the extra
photos that I give you so and you're in
a totally didn't so much we never we
don't really look at numbers that often
but on Instagram we randomly looked up
mine and I'm getting a hundred thousand
followers a month on Instagram that's
over three thousand a day and I post
like once a week
Lauren posts every day if not twice a
day how many fathers you getting darling
darling
okay well if it's like a third of what
I'm getting so what do you get it
40 Oh at least thirty okay less than
half are you saying that they shouldn't
go to a lobby right now I know how about
they follow both of ours how people
whose new mini bully okay yeah yeah he
really wants to go to sleep we're gonna
do that not tomorrow but on that soon
soon probably on Wednesday cuz Lauren
posted her vlogs on Wednesday so we're
gonna do it on the same day so we're
gonna have an Instagram giveaway on both
vlogs next Wednesday be ready for it
it's gonna be dope only giving away a
certain amount so don't be late if you
want to get ahead of the game make sure
to subscribe and follow me on Instagram
not Alex rossabi that's all I got for
you guys today see you tomorrow until
then do me a favor and do not forget to
remember if you're not smiling then you
probably not subscribe to my channel
cassabi you're doing it wrong
