sit still you're moving you're moving
lead what it be wedding dude though
let's cook something welcome back to a
sabi kitchen I don't know what to eat
leave my friend Josh how can you help me
yeah but you didn't like there's no one
here so today I was thinking maybe we
could make some like peanut butter and
jelly do you happen to have the
ingredients for peanut butter and jelly
let's get started how do you know how to
make a peanut butter peanut butter jelly
sandwich consume no no you guys don't
mean I'm just kidding what ain't good
enough not jelly sandwiches you don't
know how to make a peanut butter to us
how much will be you're gonna make
peanut butter and jelly stuff the
direction post done we gotta find out
today I'm gonna find out today I want to
see how well you can crack an egg and
make our base for the French toast mix
you know fresh roasted eggs
they're stinging the pigeons but I'll
show Oh big finger okay then put it in
touch it and scrape it out like that Wow
I think that wasn't working that's okay
okay use the for art and you want to use
it and make it one consistency only
nursing someone puts so much effort yeah
that's pretty good
I can't sleep glass that's that cooking
this is a cooking segment
I hate arson now we're going to take the
bread I'm gonna make one each time away
we need scissors
okay well friends trust you until I'm
imagining the circle like this you want
to put it in the building
for that purpose you know swish okay
okay okay you see how this is coming
together oh yeah okay you lining up
exactly with the other piece of bread
push it all the way down and hold it
down and then remove the crust while I'm
pushing it down but turn into like I
think now you could do a lot of things
or later
these are head Josh good snap this is a
very important cooking step it's called
crimping crimp it you're gonna press
together the edges doesn't feel safe
amusement park for fun okay the thing
the palm cover it in the egg wash like
this hold it make sure that the excess
egg drips off because we don't want
scrambled eggs
that's gross okay and then do that sit
yep easy sign haha now we let it sit
there and it's gonna fry it and become
french toast and then we're very close
to eating this thank you finally I just
want to put food in my belly
it's
then is instead of cleaning up the floor
after just have a pug eats all the
crumbs
good job copy up good job copy to keep
those floors clean and you can have my
pocket crumbs baron why did you bring me
Chico's tacos I just ate french toast
Huber and jelly you have a nose hair can
I pull it can I pull it no you won't you
do walk around with that I'm gonna take
care of it later
Luisi oh yeah I point out I would let
you pull mine out it would not hurt
you're like a big baby big six six four
foot baby
they didn't that's nice if you can tilt
your head doesn't mean it's gone no I
see right there right there you know
it's right there I see that's disgusting
just one let me pull a rope oh you just
close your eyes you don't even know you
pull it out how about that can't do it
yes you can't then let me do it I know
you see it well it's right down the side
don't know what it was mater see it
keeps looking at me got you I see it
stay you kind of lay down sweetheart
just stay still here we go ready what
are you doing if you don't put this on
you're gonna be too jumpy and you're I'm
gonna pull your eyeball off stay still
you're moving you're moving longer now I
think it was like I extended it can't
pull it you can touch it you'll feel it
still there hey ready I think I got
nervous it I joked but I won't job this
time I know okay ready all the way you
got it okay here we go
d oh my got it whoa it didn't hurt that
much right well that's like an inch long
holy crackerjacks but come on this is
that was in your nose you have an inch
long nose hair oh no didn't know didn't
bruise anymore he knows
or does he tacos these are pretty good I
can't smell anything
Melissa most Marissa miss with the big
caboose
and he's looking cute and it's mommy's
too little no make de barks okay you
know what the pumpkin has bad news he
can't just tell somebody they're
heartbroken he just told me no it's okay
I got another surprise you don't love it
I saw a video online of somebody letting
their puppy lick a warhead oh no I don't
have a warhead but I have lemon juice
you think he'll like it if I put a
little bit on my finger I don't think
it's sour enough but they're gonna get a
warhead I think you're gonna like it
just do a little google make sure it's
okay for puppies yeah that's all good
parents do once I'm so sorry he's doing
this too just a little bit a little bit
he's really gonna like it yes you like
he's into it already okay
he's super like this guy it was a lot he
loves it he loves it I told you I
haven't found anything that moose
doesn't like yeah let me see yeah but
like it
you like yeah what I don't think he
likes it I think he's just mad at me and
he's trying to make me look bad in the
vlog because I forgot his to talk no way
okay warhead dive tomorrow your cutoff
bro you're addicted you got a problem
well it sounds do you like Turkey sounds
like I couldn't find any sour candy
stores ever saw her coming whines but I
know you like to have good ones could
you try to eat mine and actually I was
missing something but Lauren said you
ate it wasn't really one was she lying
to me to bitch what I bet she was
tomorrow
see if you really will eat anything I
think you might too I'm gonna go get it
okay y'all how's your tooth here is the
baby must use it time to put it under
the pillow this is not food
this is tooth yeah you get out I'm gonna
put this under there oh you've got all
got a big stretch leave it right
okay go sleep boy so sleep so you can
wake up to a big surprise the Kepler
he's not gonna come you don't go to
sleep you gotta go sleep it's late it's
past your bedtime bro don't touch the
bag
be give you yes old budget
just all of it
okay Oh what are you doing I get the
tube Lao is he sleeping okay I'm gonna
throw up I'm gonna keep him in there and
I'll distract him okay please miss miss
go back in bed
get back in here ready okay take take
take the chip take the 230 is this how
you do it okay you gotta eat it in the
morning
ahh
now he knows the key be fair it's not
real yeah yeah he's a PPC but that's
what happens if you don't eat your teeth
okay get it all I guess it's just a
late-night snack for the Malusi bear I
failed
like the sound of a kibble drop and who
dropped the keep you who dropped the key
you drop the key that's all we got for
you guys today
make sure to come back tomorrow because
at 3 P and when tomorrow's vlog goes up
the Lorex March will be live yeah al
qassam be calm does not have hoodies yet
coming soon but shop Lorex calm got
stabilities yeah black you got great you
got a pink more it's down both sides
it's on that dope dope then you got the
baby Dino shirt a little Lorax dinosaurs
I see a lot of people be online yo Cosmo
Wanda you not slick on the shirt and
then you got the love Lorex crop tops
right that's all of them yeah yeah and
they're all coming out on that sown so
next blog tomorrow 3 p.m. be there
before it all sells out see you guys
tomorrow
until then do me a favor and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
okay bye
