I got you something mm-hmm it's a
surprise what it is would it be what it
do talk I'm here that district you and
Josh we're talking about the one you've
been talking about your vlogs I'm not
gonna pose to it well why not
it's let me hear it at least it's a good
beat oh did you write this
yeah yeah this sounds professional II it
sounds like I'm a professional rapper
you think that was you have to post this
and I can't post it what do you mean too
negative
it's not negative it's good you got a
poster somewhere no I can't post it on
you know right cubby cubby post it on
you oh my god yo Alex you're ruthless
you guys all right guppy you ready oh no
what you think okay
got a little head Bob oh you like it you
like it keep going keep keep going eh go
go go go go guppy go goofy go guppy go
go gotta pee okay he's done did you make
this be pretty good
hold on I'm Way up kind of thrown off do
these look good right you can't come
back from this bro Jimmy it's that's it
pretty good yeah and oh I know it's good
rat let's go like I know I know like
people have like missing verses and
they're just three like this is your
whole everything is your missing burns
how y'all but when I retire I'll put it
up no matter when you do perform I'm
going to go play a Shanghai miss miss
miss it's a missing yet it's Macias the
food blue series hey I got your tooth in
my place we're gonna put it under your
pillow tonight are you gonna wake up
with that kibble boy visited by the kid
will vary I told her we're gonna debut
our Lorex merch Oh what your today
hey I like it love Lorex Wow who
designed this oh you miss he's my dog
you lauric smart yet I just said that on
my vlog really really you have my word
one day you will have a lauren shirt
what I carry okay you don't to scream I
was gonna show you guys the merch one a
back one but since we doing a photo
shoot I guess I'll just show them all in
this montage go
okay
I got you something
mm-hmm it's a surprise good surprise and
bad surprise why are you always scared
of my surprises okay you ready don't
look that's the biggest surprise I've
ever given you ever it's to make up for
my past transgressions no no it's for
you every time I get one of these I
think of you do you like upq I love how
much do you make you pay for this pickle
I said it's $1 for a pickle but that's
nothing compared to my love for you
would you like to hear my rap song I got
a new one oh I hope that was enough
reaction to prove to you that the song
really exists that's the whole reason I
did this video but it's never going up
because it's on that bad bad uh I'm
gonna call one more person and show him
the song cuz if he saw this video and he
hasn't heard the song yet he's gonna be
mad
alright first off I need to know why did
you diss him it was I overreacted to a
situation so I wrote it but I'm not
gonna release it because it's too
negative so I shouldn't come down there
oh no you're good you can stay there I
just wanna see what you thought okay
play it just do it doing I'm a rapper
no I just want to hear your thoughts but
I can't really say it's too negative I'm
pressing play in three two one does it
sound like me I can't even say what you
just said
I got applause did you write this I did
I know I feel bad though it's too
negative
done what do you think it's good that
was good
why did you go out him so hard because I
heard some other diss tracks on YouTube
and it kind of fired me up cuz I was
like what how are people how do people
just think these diss tracks are good
okay let me write one on rice because
he's B being rice what can I tell you
something I know you got your beef with
rice right now but if you don't pay me
my $25,000 by next week
imma come out with a diss track on you
oh my gosh you can't rap you can't even
wrap you see just from my friends
reactions of the song you could tell
that's too mean it's just too mean and
dope it's just bad vibes bro I'm not a
belt that a bad vibe away fine just stay
over there you bad vibes Oh moose forgot
to take his tooth with him to his mom's
house how was he supposed to put the
tooth under his pillow and he goes to
sleep so they could wake up with kibble
under there from the Kimble berry I got
to tell you guys something
the kippo fairy doesn't exist it's just
me I was gonna put kibble under his
pillow after he fell asleep but it's
okay cuz you can't mess with a kid's
imagination he's just a baby but the
tooth fairy's real if like the tooth
fairy
tooth fairy's real Kimble fairy not so
much so tomorrow I'm gonna sneak in to
his crate somehow not wake him up take
out it looked a bit a tooth and put in a
little bit of kibble good thing he's a
heavy sleeper
just like his dad
that's all I got for yesterday come back
tomorrow because I have something pretty
dope planned with the puppies of my life
they're not gonna like it
Lorex merch comes out Friday when the
vlog goes up live at 3 p.m. don't be
late cuz they're gonna sell out this is
a one-time thing we're just doing it for
the fans that have been asking for it
for for like the last two years me and
Lauren have been dating so it's coming
at you with the quickness see you guys
tomorrow on the next vlog and until then
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling then subscribe because you're
doing it wrong okay bye
you
