have you secretly been seeing someone
what it is would it be would it do so
we're at the Melrose trading post cuz
who Orin made me calm she practically is
like oh come now or I'll and I said fine
but only because you're super scary and
I'm I'm really scared of you walking
around here looking for some stuff look
over my sambar get filming a little bit
a little bit and then we got to meet up
with my boys to do the lie detector test
and then we don't pull that tooth out of
Moose's head
what are you doing what's the next trick
your waist is the same thing as your
neck I got a fat neck in a thin waist I
don't think that's true
we have made it and it's time to use a
lie-detector test
on dummy you guys guessed it and
yesterday's vlogs comment Qian and JC
what hello what right Aaron said Moose's
Tooth is about to fall look at the tiny
um I like the tiniest little thread look
at that's annoying to have a tooth like
that let me see just Alex is in the
house we got a tooth guy wait there
might what if there's more yeah but
there might be more wiggly ones oh that
one's going in baby puppy tooth has been
claimed we're gonna have it forever and
we
all right here we have JC and Qian they
requested my lie detecting services so
they're gonna ask each other a few
questions where they can't lie with this
guy who's first no no it doesn't shock
you no no it doesn't get strapped up boy
it strapped up why y'all don't before
hey guys like he got some secrets this
is where the truth comes out we've got a
bunch of questions five each actually
ian is going first
you ready I'm so nervous JC hey Black's
that's what you tell the truth okay do
you think you are better looking than me
no you don't think you're better looking
but do you think you're funnier Yeah
right I'm not cute enough money right
what else
JC we have lived with each other since
the day we moved to LA
have you ever thought once about moving
out no there's a lot of spikes I could
tell you that there's a lot of names
like have you ever thought about
quitting YouTube
No how fast do you have to think about
that JC do you think you have more game
when it comes to the ladies would you
like to explain any
did you yeah you want to go back on any
of them first question don't like do it
are you better looking than kyun now I'm
sweaty what are you doing out there
undetermined you've got an intercom you
didn't know what to say that one yeah
cuz I think you're funnier than kyun you
said no but sciences you said no it said
on the that's word you had a passing
thought about it yeah but yeah I missed
it too late
have you ever wanted to quit YouTube you
said no fed pretty fast and that's a to
do you have more game with ladies you
said yes well I think it says
undetermined do dang it you can't get
the truth one hundreds at a time but
usually only one undetermined but this
is another one he's just untrustworthy
on my dad all right
Keynes in the hot seat now got really
hot it's kind of loop okay lukewarm tea
it's a loop it's time for some questions
he and Ollie I start off easy do you
think you have a better body to me yes
do you have a crush on anyone enough now
today so we have our teenage easy
channel
you have a lot of people that watch this
man's do you believe the fans liked you
more than me and a pretty serious
question so really think about it now
you are an active correct that's
American active cable if your acting
career takes off who you quit the KGC
champion was a question that John
specifically he wouldn't know better
than never no never quick and easy
believe me Daniel I is the last one by
the previous one have you secretly been
seeing someone
dude how boy but sorry eyeballs in my
body tell my harvest you blood pressure
is our first question do you can you
give a better body than JC you said yes
Zach the truth at least the truth lung
honest I'm an honest guy I will never
tell a lot of the second question that
yeah are you crushing on anyone you said
no yeah viewers like kyun more than J Cu
said no time to turn my back tooth for I
think we're even I hope if your acting
career takes off would you leave your
channel with JC you were gonna hide and
said no and science
says it's the truth you've never dirty
last question yes are you secretly
seeing anyone you said nope nah it says
truthful okay so he has not seen his
secret crush
you're both waters that's all we know
for sure oh yeah good like once you like
ten times know it just said undetermined
undetermined they don't know nobody's -
all right guys I'm leaving JC I'm out
I'm gonna see if Qian can get these
balls in his face I got a puppy tooth to
take care of you think it's you think
it's killed up it Oh aren't you glad we
went we were just a little bit late to
filming and we want to go pull it out
first and then come back that's a memory
we're gonna have forever
there we go kid go
let me show you guys how it's done real
quick are you guys mad at each other
after a lie-detector thing you hate each
other now electric weasel once again the
truth was next make sure to tweet and
tag your favorite youtubers and let them
know that they need my lie detecting
services the truth must be found two
more things before I go Lorex merch is
finally arriving to this apartment
tomorrow that means on the next vlog you
won't get to see exactly what the
loreck's murder is gonna be it goes into
stores on Friday and tomorrow we're
gonna tell you what the store is called
so you can go there and get yourself
hooked up on that Lorex merch it's gonna
be dope I'm super excited to see it I
know what they look like on pictures but
not in person
I can't believe my girlfriend and I have
merged it's gonna be crazy I'm so
excited about it you guys are gonna love
it
I'm excited to wear it in the vlogs and
then if I run into somebody in real life
wearing the same thing I'm wearing I'm
gonna freak out now last thing you guys
know that I don't want to post the diss
track I made because it's just it's the
negative it's bad vibes I don't like it
I mean it's dope it's like on a dope
don't but it's bad vibes but a lot of
you guys in tweets I got to sabe
are you following and in comments are
safe that you don't even believe the
really is a diss track you think I made
this up I didn't go to the studio I
didn't make a song and that's why I
won't release it cuz I don't really have
it tomorrow
make sure to come back tomorrow check
out the merch checkout when we put
Guppies fall into under his pillow and
watch his reaction when he wakes up to
kibble and come back it's like a prove
to your face that it exists that's all I
got for you guys today see you tomorrow
and don't forget to remember subscribe
like this blog and if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
