ah what is would it be what it do don't
know what you're all waiting for today
is a diss track yeah
and he's coming oh oh it's coming but
first my lady wants to go look at cars
again have to shave my mustache that's
what I thought you were gonna say she's
nothing's shave my face and shave
muffing gave nothing i'm Vijaykumar a
news I'll see you later my little
flamethrower flamethrower what do you
know my little chicken not yet I will
tell you look at the house
flame-throwing
okay are you ready to pew pew something
crazy today you don't even know
first I'm gonna try the candle from a
distance but then we gonna light
something crazy on fire 15 get it right
if you haven't seen the vlog before horn
and once arranged over
I want a Range Rover but she would
rather not have magic cars so we struck
a deal I said if you trust me enough to
pick her car out that I will let her
decide what car to get me because I know
she knows me better than anybody and I
know her better than anybody so we gonna
see we made it back to the Range Rover
dealership
I told Lauren this is the last time she
gets to look and she's not gonna tell me
anything she's awesome look I know she's
not trying to split me some hints if I'm
gonna be like no she needs to trust me
I'm a boyfriend I know her better than
anybody I'm gonna pick the right car the
right color the right tires the right
interior she's gonna be mad if I don't
get it right so it's a lot of pressure
on me but she has a lot of pressure to
at least I know what family of car she
wants she keeps threatening that she's
gonna give me a punch buggy I told her
that she can get me any car she wants
that's not Range Rover so we'll see
we'll see what happened when Lauren
falls asleep she always lets out
last gasp of breath it's like the last
sign that she has completely gone
unconscious that's when her brain turns
off let's see if we can catch it on
camera huh Mose I told you when your
teeth fall out give it to me I'll put it
under your pillow the kibble Fairy will
come and put kibble in its place
but no you ate your tooth didn't you huh
open hey baby you gotta wait till you're
sleepy and then we're gonna see you I
saw a hole I know you ate it what are
you eating pingu's we please discontinue
your devouring of pingu's because time
for the flamethrower I got everything
set up with God and I know what we're
gonna shoot let's shoot the candle first
from a farther distance then I'll show
you but you ain't ready for it you ain't
ready for it girl you ain't ready for it
thank you yesterday lauren displayed her
accuracy now it's my turn
oh hey you ready you talk a lot of smack
so you better make any promise okay you
are pointing out of my face you were
pointing out of my face cuz you pointed
out my face don't put on a face
I gotta reload it out
I said don't point it at me don't you
get don't get the button
don't wait are you ready
are you sure okay I'm gonna give you
some motivation so that you're accurate
and you don't miss ya look you got it no
this is motivation just don't miss and I
won't catch on fire okay what if I put
long pants on will that make you feel
better
none of these are gonna set on fire just
don't miss don't hit me with fire
I guess it's not it doesn't want to go
I'm pressing the button think is broken
forever it's fine
just don't wait on me I don't know you
ready I think you need more motivation
you're gonna get it yeah all right well
I'm gonna make sure of it you oh my gosh
please don't miss I'm just trying to
motivate you oh right okay please don't
hit me
yeah please don't hit me no scary's to
keep you you to keep you
all right here we go okay okay one more
do you know what's in this what the ammo
is it's cotton and then it's flash paper
that magicians use it shoots out because
the cotton launches it forward I always
have to cut them up into a bunch of
little pieces and put them in here you
still no pants on I'm aware this is the
sheet that I put into the flame door
this is what it is before I cut it up oh
my god once we shoot this then we die do
it's a nice oh my god are you gonna put
it
you're a hold it with no pants on so
when I lay your hand on fire what's the
plan
okay last one I'm gonna do this what
don't play on fire kids dad doesn't play
with fire how are you so accurate I do
iron woman that was fun but now it's
time to get serious in yesterday's vlog
I told you guys I was gonna release my
first diss track I'm a friend mr. Brian
but I listen to it and there's just too
much negativity I can't post it I mean I
thought about it and I'm just
overreacting I gotta do the right thing
and never ever ever ever post this thing
online on the Internet besides what did
he actually do he nothing why would I
jeopardize our friendship when he didn't
even do anything
hey I'm not a bully that's I'm not
posted in the lie detector isn't a tenth
thing so I don't blame him for being
scared to take the test cuz I do got
some juicy questions that need to be
answered it's time to go back to the
positive happy cheerful Alex that I've
always been so that's it no negativity
on this channel positive Alex only no
diss tracks ever from me and that is
final
what you doing what you doing cool bro I
see your teeth open ha are you tired
enough yet yeah Oh who's canine is going
whoa okay I'll get him to yawn maybe you
yawn I'll be contagious
I didn't oh it's gone
oh I'm gonna fall asleep anywhere sure
your teeth Lederman see to sleep good to
see he'd show your teeth right now
Oh ice time for my own V's this little
guy right here is like bloody oh it is
these were the cloud it's what you're
going so fast you're already losing seat
I didn't even have teeth when I was four
months old
I'm so advanced I love one will see sits
like this the best
Oh take it out the wiggly I could pull
it out right now
no don't pull it out Pete why it's like
a kid you just pulled out I know
whatever hurts it won't he says ouch do
not continue I'm almost a anybody no
gosh darn it he says I be tired too in
the morning you'd like out early for a
partner oh no oh yeah oh yeah you guys
always ask me
you caught me buddy
you caught me but now you're a little
bit more tired and one step closer to
get back to I won't pull hard if it
doesn't come out on a little pool then I
won't I won't take it out from a mama
bear baby back hey I'm Papa Bear and
I'll save it bear huh Papa Bear and the
fields are he's doing it hey it's better
that he doesn't choke on it come on
buddy broseph
it's so quickly.i hurt buddy you see hey
hey my arm a little bit
maybe I'll get Wiggly out here bite me
so it comes out in my skin no licking
yeah go right there still pretty in
there though okay oh wait wait but
tomorrow night if it's still there it's
coming out broseph
believe it that's all I got for you guys
today I'm taking that mm ro also another
thing I'm not wearing earrings with
pajamas cuz it's weird right
agreed moose that's gross and I had
another request some YouTube friends of
mine want to use my lie detector you ask
each other some questions you guys might
know that I've been a duo for a long
time come back tomorrow to find out who
they've been friends for like a decade
so I know they have some good questions
for each other come back tomorrow find
out who it is until then do me favor
don't forget to remember check out Alex
with sloppy comm subscribe eat three
square meals a day yet your daily amount
of potassium needed eight glasses of
water and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
mmm
