so to make things more interesting I
would be down to put up $100,000 what it
is would it be what it Duke dog today I
got a birthday present today I might got
another present for Lauren and today I
am debuting my brand-new
salmon wasabi joggers oh and there's an
update to the wasabi Roman boxing
challenge stay tuned thank you ready to
no time it is not time but Lauren's on
the way and then you can know then you
will be aware would your leg
the first thing we tell you throw okay
in the morning you will find out ah but
since he doesn't get a present somebody
needs to get a present so I mean I
better get my present to you right Neal
well good thing I have multiple presents
so you get in one of them right Neal I
have like four if you include the
brand-new limited edition
wasabi salmon joggers remember we were
supposed to go to that movie in lunch
but we couldn't make it because was I
sick or was it somebody sick
I thought that's like God do something
that you might like hey I'm getting
another call gotta go I'll talk to Lane
okay way we work what are we doing right
now we are going to get Kareena barbecue
but I'm not a fan of Korean barbecue
I'm gonna be the chef tonight oh man but
what about my hair my hair is gonna
smell like Korean barbecue fine montage
nice smell like Korean barbecue what
what was that what were they gonna die I
had something to tell you guys some kind
of new release oh yeah
oh yeah that's right the brand-new
outside the sand joggers in store right
now al subbies come ready to be nice if
you have it already go get yourself a
pair of the softest joggers on.com now
about this boxing thing let me clarify
what is going on by challenging Roman
I'm just a creator challenging another
creator to a friendly battle will have
all the safety gear the head here the
mouth guard the gloves
everything super safe and looked I have
literally never been in a sparring match
I've never been in a fight before I'm
just too skinny
Filipino dude I just want to have that
experience in a safe way
so by challenging Roman I was just I
just I was super excited to bow somebody
that is the same height same build
everything is neat but since my blog has
gone up he has remained silent but it
makes sense cuz he has a family he has
other priorities he doesn't have time to
go and fulfill my dream of getting into
a Spartan match a lot of you guys think
oh there's no way you can fight and it's
true I've never fought I've never
trained
I've never conditioned I've never done
any of that but I will be down if
another youtuber was down and just
because I make super positive content
doesn't mean I wouldn't give it my all
everything I got as soon as I stepped
into that
and it does not matter who else steps in
I'm gonna be giving it my all and I
wouldn't even want to hold my own boxing
match I would just want to be in a
preliminary match with whoever before
the main fight it the other guys decide
to actually even have the match which
from what I hear probably isn't gonna
happen because one of the sides is a
little bit more nervous than the other
side so to make things more interesting
if I am allowed to do the preliminary
fight I would be down to put a $100,000
for anyone who's willing to match me for
charity so I would put up on earth they
will put up a hundred whoever wins that
money goes to the charity and since
Roman doesn't seem interested I want to
hear from other youtubers who's down to
step in the ring train really hard and
just go all out one time in your life it
sounds like a crazy thing to want but I
just want to just go a little beast mode
you just go get in the best shape of my
life
just do what ksi ain't Joe Weller did
they're probably both in the best shape
for the lives ksi probably felt so
amazing after training so hard and
obtaining a goal and getting victory and
putting his hands up and getting the
belt it just seemed so amazing me and
it's just what I want I want to work
towards a goal and accomplish it that's
that's the whole reason I'm doing this
now I gotta remind you I know I've said
this but let me say it again I have no
training no fight background no
experience nothing like that so I don't
care who I just battle with as long as I
run the same weight class just gonna you
gotta be fair to fight like a like a 250
pound dude so if you give the YouTuber
willing to put up $100,000 to go against
me
and if ksi lets us fight in in as a
preliminary there's a lot of things that
have to happen
this happens but just know I'd be down
you'll be down we can make it happy as
long as you're in the same weight loss
this could be the last time I talk about
this or it could be just the beginning
but right now we just gotta see who's
the who's down to step up if you are or
if you have a suggestion for who should
go against me tweet me and I cassabi
I'll be waiting I'll be checking it all
day les giddy it's gonna be fine let me
show you guys something real quick I
forgot I don't think I've ever mentioned
this but I have a room of mystery this
room right here is full of all these
things I've used over the years and
videos all these random things I've
ordered and I was looking in here
earlier and I found those somewhat
forgot about Jerry what you got in your
hands Jerry I get it trash bag and why
do you think you need that dress back I
don't know I guess we're gonna find out
pretty soon though the reason you have
that trash bag is because we don't have
balloons if we have balloons I'd rather
do with balloons by I think this might
work I need you upstairs don't be scared
that's a place bad trash bag over this
gas container just right there over the
nozzle just try to keep as much gas in
there as you can okay when I turn this
off I need you to put your head inside
this bag ready go all the way take a
deep breath now come out and talk
I can make it there okay that's crazy
okay my turn my turn a lot of this is
bad for you guys so don't do this a lot
he's a little tiny tiny tiny bit not a
lot one time that's okay
so I just learned something I offered up
$100,000 to anyone that wanted to go
against me and one of my friends just
informed me that Jake Paul in his video
that came out today or yesterday or one
of his videos he offered a hundred
thousand to somebody I don't know the
whole thing but he also offered up a
hundred thousand so whenever they figure
out their stuff if that ever happens
they put up one hundred the other person
that's gonna fight him probably put up
one hundred
I put up one hundred and then whoever
goes against me puts up one hundred that
means that there's gonna be two winners
that's two hundred thousand dollars
going to charity what are the odds that
that's the number that that he put up
okay less since I feel like I haven't
fully explained this well enough the
whole reason I am into this usually I
don't get into drama I don't get into
anything but this is just such is I feel
like it's a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity
I want to have my movie experience think
of all the movies you can think of like
never back down or just any movie where
the underdog comes back he trains he
gets his moment he gets in the fight he
proves what he's made of
he wins the title the belt the trophy
whatever it is and he had his hand up in
the air everybody's cheering he's
victorious that's just what I just want
that it's a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity like when are you ever gonna
battle one-on-one all-out give it
everything you have and see what you're
really made of those opportunities are
very rare that's why I want to do it
that's what I want that's the whole
reason I'm doing this it's just like I
just wanna show everybody what I'm made
of
that's what I want that's it so let me
know who you think I should go against
hopefully some people step up well see
what happens this is good just like I
said before be the end of it this could
never like nobody can step up nobody
could be down and that is the last we'll
hear of it bye it could just be the
skinny
my whole life could be changed with one
tweet one challenge it's game time all I
need for this boxing thing to happen is
for somebody else that wants the same
thing I don't want somebody that is
gonna put their heart and soul into
training I want somebody that is gonna
go head-to-head 100 percent 110 percent
to the max workout every day eating
right trying to get it cuz I want a
challenge I don't want to just go in and
beat somebody so I'm gonna need a
competitor I'm gonna need a gladiator
i'ma need a boxer let's go I'm ready I
am oh okay all right
that's all I got for you guys today make
sure to come back tomorrow no matter
what Aaron is gonna find out what his
present is even if Lauren is feeling too
sick to come over I can't I can't keep
doing this to him he's he's dying he's
every day is like come on please just
tell me to tell me I'm good hey bro
chill tomorrow he's gonna find out you
gonna find out we all gonna find out
it's gonna be on that dope dough make
sure to get your life's a beach augurs
salmon variety and I'm gonna update you
guys on the Valentine song that Lauren
and I are making we ran into some
complications til the next vlog do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing okay bye
