know what this means moves you know what
this means I think I'm gonna release my
first diss track what it is would it be
what it do Joe rockin the new March
let's get the day started
who wants to go around the corner one
block maybe two black three block in the
slingshot cuz we only got it for eight
more hours
oh yeah Oh Jeremy Jeremy gonna take a
ride on my new whip hey what do you
think it is
nah nah nah I got that Toyota Camry 2017
what you think I got actually guess I
guess I didn't buy it I didn't buy any
Laura bought it for me just for being
the best boyfriend ever in the whole
world
honey
excu me hello hello I'm Alex hello hello
we love each other
where's your new Alex wasabi take top
merch at no it's not it's a no it's not
no it's not you know how I know that
it's not because it's in my bed time to
put it on okay
first we gotta release the lower X March
on next Friday is going down oh you
starting a trend oh that looks good you
can stay warm and you get to show what
you got on your tank dough and some
deodorant stains that's not mine what
hey I have one more thing for you it's a
surprise it's not a bad surprise it's a
good surprise is it ever a bad surprise
yeah sometimes I've made a decision in
my life in the vlogs every day I want to
try to do at least one epic thing oh I'm
out what no doesn't at the same time
yesterday but there was the same epic
thing we can do the same everything so
this time I want to see if we can light
a candle with my little flamethrowers do
things PCBU
it's not present in the PCBU why because
it's dangerous it's the most peaceful
what is their ship name what does their
brothership name your shoot at the
camera yeah little bit before we attempt
this flamethrower phenomenal awesomeness
epicness of the day it isn't crazy no
you didn't know that you can lady the
smoke I know I was doing I'm nervy you
should be yeah there you put this swim
in here then you'll take the little
paper and wrap it appropriate Oh in the
corner most why I'm trying to entertain
your mom so she stays with me longer
before breaking up with me from Mario
Lopez 55 why is it good like a 55 year
old oh yeah I found the evidence cross
oh I'm gonna blow that out I'm not even
gonna show it cuz you're gross what what
do we do with it you're gonna have your
hand up like like Iron Man like oh yeah
wait don't force anything close it up
they've let you hold on here must be
fireball no no
what do you yes okay ready yeah you got
are you aiming correctly yeah be sure
good your trajectory on point
we're trying to light this on fire
she shot from right here and it landed
right here which is way past the candle
so not only can we go a little bit
farther to copy a lot more accurate whoa
whoa don't put a what are you pointing
that it gots to hit it okay I lift them
to sync up with them sync up real quick
real quick real quick though let us say
oh look at you I'm ready ready yeah
Oh lower ready
of the day complete that was dumb before
do you think that was in distance really
yep I don't know as far as than that
know that it's four feet tomorrow you
try and go for fine
actually I have something else epic for
tomorrow like I tell you what it is yet
but I got an idea I got a new target and
the target
you mean how exciting I make your life
with were you not excited do you have
fun in the slingshot you have fun
shooting fireballs like Iron Man okay
but you like it now to answer one of the
very frequent questions I've been
getting on Twitter had Alex wasabi are
the tank tops still gonna be in store
after the 24 hour 20% discount is since
this vlog came up that means it's been
24 hours since the last vlog went up and
that's when the 20% just gotta start hey
move
no and that's when the 20% discount
started but the tanks are still in store
but only until they sell out once they
sell out we're not restocking them
they're done we're moving on to the next
item so if you want your what it is
would it be what a dude Oh take tox hey
you don't look ridiculous
I got two merges on right now you're a
trendsetter so go there now I'll just
I'll be calm let's do it oh yeah if you
didn't save up enough for this 20%
discount to get the asabi merch that you
want do not worry my friends that's true
on what day September 15 but before that
or after that not sure I'm about to hit
the 3 billion views milestone what that
goes down it's game time I think we only
need 5 million more views so let's get
it go click on a bunch of videos late in
the background watch some playlists
because they just play through all day
every day go do that hook me up and i'ma
hook you up bro you will never guess
what happened
Bryce bailed on me again it's just
sometimes I feel like he doesn't even
listen
it's like he speaks another language
sweet mousse he does speak another
language do you know what this means
mousse do you know what this means
I think I'm gonna release my first diss
track just because I let puppies lick my
ear means that you don't think I can rap
I don't think that's a defining
characteristic well I'm gonna do it you
don't believe me I believe it when I
hear it right now all right I'm going
I'm going I'm going I'm serious I'm
going okay recorded my first diss track
I did it you know I've been gone for
three hours right yeah
have you been laying here for three
hours no you guys are lazy bums you know
what time it is
it's often in the blue guitar with the
Moosey Bears Musa Musa Musa bears
awesomeness it burn I'm asleep real
Orion oh oh oh moose I didn't even want
to do the diss track I feel bad about it
I only want to give and receive
positivity only put out good vibes and
you'll get good bye but he left me no
choice
hey cancel on me like four times he's a
scaredy cat and I have to let him know
that if we gonna be friends that that's
not cool that's like I speak his
language which is distract the only reps
I've ever done is the roasts yourself
challenge I'm not trying
it sounds like this ie if you count this
one I ran so hard on picture girl you
looking like a crater those just don't
count because they weren't towards
anybody but this one I went in I feel a
little weird because I'm stepping into
his world but it had to go down this way
tomorrow more tomorrow the diss track is
coming out yeah whoo it's happening yeah
okay see you guys tomorrow and until
then don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling then subscribe to my channel
because you're doing something like that
