ready would be what it do Joe hey hey
mr. camel hey mr. moose the camel Hey
hey moose the camel head hey I got
something to show you why don't you love
me moose moose most look you see this
you know this does let me show you check
this out this is called the antigravity
case it's not sticky but what it's made
out of will stick to anything so there's
no glue no nothing you put this on to
cover it when you don't need it but when
you want it like in the gym or if you're
cooking a recipe or something and you
want to put it on the cabinet then you
good look at this Oh anywhere moose okay
almost anywhere now let's do what I came
to do help you film because I am the
best boyfriend yeah you're not bro I
know this peanut butter spoon is just
the distraction so Lauren can comb you
it's working really well it is he hates
being cleaned wow he really likes this
beautiful there you go get all the nooks
and crannies good job buddy good job
okay now we really got to start filming
I got a special guest later tonight so
we got to get things done my boy if
you've ever wondered how to have the
laurdiy set up you need plants colors
stuffy's a cute moose Venna Lauren and
there you have it are you ready miss me
me
video complete somebody might have made
a special appearance actually it might
have been all about them will say buyer
what does it come out this Sunday Oh
buddy you guys ain't ready today is a
special day because it is my turn to
show the rest of the world that I am the
mariokart king this guy hit me up on
damn you's like yo let's Mario Kart I
was like Daddy you don't know me you
don't know me tell oh ok a little bit
now look I'm like Goku I might not be
the strongest but I want to fight the
strongest because it gets me excited I
would put money on this a lot her dad
who don't pay at the dashi setup no on
the computer with the all with the pro
controllers got these kids over here I
don't even know these plans Todd who's
gonna be the third place
hissing before ok
let me figure out what I'm up against
you have played Mario Kart against
multiple on your YouTube channels logic
was won and he got defeated hey he'd be
lovely bad he said love the closest one
so nobody's beating you on your channel
no that's fine is up for the take this
might be you will see hey but I'm not
gonna take it easy though just saying
did I ask you I think it is you know
better
right now but he didn't know my my real
identity is Megaman and I went a mega
talk on this mega dude who took a mega
out it's out of four races right this
was one race okay okay okay let's go
ahead something happen unexpected but I
can't talk about it just kiss me hahaha
it happened again my boy rice gum got
scared of the lie detector once again
this is the second time I was supposed
to go over there do the lie detector on
him cuz I got some juicy questions to
ask but he keeps coming up with excuses
last time he had a meeting this time
he's feeling sick ah but he says he's
down that's what he says so see if he's
about to come through with it now for
the big day the day where the new merch
item gets released the day where there's
a 24-hour 20% discount on everything in
the Alex ah b.com store because we hit
another million on Twitter actually is
my first million but whenever we hit any
kind of million on any kind of social
platform we get in that 20% dude screw
and guess what just came in the new
merch it just came in I'm looking at it
right now with my eyeballs
I want to show you guys what it is and
I'm going to show you guys what it is
but I gotta wait for Lauren to get here
so she can help me rock it cuz there's
actually two new merch items kind of
you'll understand in a little bit but
you know that the 20% 24-hour discount
started as soon as this vlog went up
because I told you guys on Friday it's
gonna happen so it's up right now
so I'm gonna give you the discount code
so you can go check it out and get that
to whatever the code is Alex 1m right
there take that code go to alpha so be
calm click on discounts enter the code
in Alex 1m and it's done you got it done
get it go before it sells out after you
watch this vlog or go there then come
back either way it's gonna sell out
today do you really want to go through
this again
excuse me we're in the middle of the
game don't tell me score you know the
score you know the score what the score
is 7.3 what it's like a hundred and
thirty percent increase of what you you
guys I'm not a mathematician but I think
that's kind of right I think you better
we have three ties to so how many total
games is that Oh No thirteen well about
to make it 14 how come you always win on
camera okay
this isn't even a slow-motion edit
you're just moving in fluff question get
out of here guess what I got a huge big
giant surprise for you what what I got a
big what huge what really like on top
mine
this makes my surprised looks dinner
with your friends that's not as awesome
as wasabi March I just kind of awesome
but but not slingshot awesome ok let's
go March on and then drive that's cool
can you work under ready oh really I
have okay I have not driven a stick
shift in a very long time but I do know
how to drive it
and it's like riding a bike so I can do
it you just have to believe if you don't
believe then I'm gonna I'm still gonna
do after I am okay ready
okay a little boy
okay baby this is your stop thank you
come again
can I have a tip for such a high menu to
everybody okay good
okay here for Suzy what what are you
doing here
goober oh yeah that's right okay parking
brake don't you live on the edge side
listen there is no edge we're supposed
to wear helmets here I have moments in
the back where they said it's not it's
not mandatory I won't say anything if
you don't
you almost convinced me that you not
advice thing I know it's just been luck
from here like isn't it lucky this whole
time
but wait stopping
because I need some gas go pump the gas
I'll just sit in the driver's seat I'm
not doing keep that stick maybe what
let's go that's all gonna be a cool
catch day next time
all right sir thank you for the ride
thank you for the drive that was fun
that was
it's nice to wait for you to get out
like a peel off dang it you stopped my
steam that's all I got for you guys
today
got the slingshot all day tomorrow too
so maybe we gonna be going on another
adventure
I didn't even show you guys like a clean
shot of the merch check it oh yeah what
it is would it be what a doo-dah
remember all you need to do to get the
20% 24-hour discount go to Alex's sorry
comm click on discounts enter the code
Alex won a new merch all day one day 24
hours get it before it sells out see you
guys tomorrow and until then don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
