would it be wouldn't do dog is it chill
day we're just telling the house but I
feel like we could do more that just
said the more epic here I got an idea I
got idea hold this like what I don't
know yet yeah get three two one this is
the worst day my life is stupid unfair
why are you saving your hangout my god
that'd be an act adventurous about me -
Lauren copy Alex - laura-leigh Lisa
sleepy yeah I can old man but you're
only one years old
okay fine get your little beauty sleep
this guy I'm gonna meet up a born later
we have some friends coming over to make
a date more epic but in order to make
the day epic I thought I should bring
over one of my most epic friends I know
he has the king cook of the stove he's
the chef of YouTube and he is my good
friend mr. Josh
future but I think I make it today and
I'm excited to get started
what are you got here today you who said
you wanted me to come over into Jannah
make those unicorn squares
that's right
let's get started gonna take him over
which Fruity Pebbles squares covered in
white chocolate yes we're going to make
that but also to make another one oh
yeah okay we're gonna melt butter and
then we're gonna melt our marshal he's
got it installed one okay you know how
to do them so far I know how to turn the
stove on seriously
oh it's gonna have a butter okay
honestly oh I'm sorry
America I'm nervous this is not a good
start once the butter is completely
melted you're gonna hide the
marshmallows now I'm just gonna go over
there and quickly tend to our caramel
and don't mess this up okay he's a away
toilet let's go pretty melted or just
fill ahead let's put one on top like
that dude what here's what's gonna
happen if you put one marshmallow and
it's a marshmallow moat but if it melts
and then all the other mark rolls get
added it's not gonna melt at the same
rate oh we're looking for consistency
you butter hurry up right would you
believe that we're halfway done really
yeah
we done really there's nothing even in
the bowl
see there's no lumps no actually did a
good job here yeah yeah I had the entire
country
Applejack's to the pot how about we put
it the whole bag - two cloves in this
thing because that's what Josh told me
to do you can't believe you're not
messing this up I'm not messing it up
because I'm awesome and you were awesome
as well freehand but not as awesome just
like curiosity what do you think the
next logical step to be to smooth
whittier the Lorex video that comes out
on some 429 recipes we treat hack yeah
wet your hands this clean these are
little chickpeas of caramel
Wow you know also we're gonna do this in
a very sneaky way we had a little bit of
milk the white children
camera what you add a little bit Nichola
imagine how much milk is in a little one
of those like to go Dixie cup okay
I had the dream the caramel microwave
mix it up until it's smooth what about
cooking with AJ show me I think we do
better than that personally okay okay
we'll figure it out you guys comment
down below if you want Josh to come over
and cook some more at what the title
should be well is it smooth are there
any laws well we know it's hot yeah do
that
then we're going to conditional Oh
Guardian love you say I go on like that
like a wizard
yeah that's the cooking show
oh yeah lit its lit boy oh dude what
what Josh you gotta be more positive
because it shows that show this
I just want to make you proud that they
there stop what smear don't snap that's
movies move back to us all that did you
get that smooth whoa that looks cool
leave this like this okay we're gonna
come over here teach you how to be good
okay you did the weight better drop this
time then you did on the Apple Jacks
I see very good okay good yeah oh my god
my mouths watering look at it kitchen
who is this for
I'm here trying to like make it nice and
presentable and you grab the entire
brick and reading Wow
the finished product from now I'll take
this one okay golly gee this is nifty
thanks Josh tune in next time for we
haven't come up with the title yeah
loose we have some visitors coming over
you got a relaxed got a remain calm cuz
there's some stuff about to go D the
other couple that has come to help us
make our day epic has arrived I have the
perfect idea I heard you guys are okay
amore Oh Clarence oh wait Marta Marc you
have we have the switch one I've never
played this Vishal your buddy
I ain't lettin with Omid the mario kart
on the we uh huh I go online
well you drift right oh oh oh that's the
same thing but you can start using your
excuses now so they can get rid of them
I'm just kidding mile before even see
the turn babe let's go are you good I
guess like easy mode yeah - good really
yeah she beats me like 25 percent of the
time yeah well I got you I'm gonna
avenge you right now this guy on his
blog no it's my turn for my vlog and I
represent the wasabi in so don't get too
excited boy yeah well you know the
contines betters whoa we got the next
game right Lawrence what's your ship
named Geoffrey oh oh good I like it
hey but ours is a dinosaur yours it's
like whenever I think of that yeah oh no
no I never thought his dinosaur like
Lorax t wreck okay here we go we go here
we go hey baby Berk do this day Oh know
why cuz you suck I'm 1/8 bro
that could change in a second oh hi
I can't believe that in there I've never
been this important to finish I'm still
I mean right now yeah that was so nice
is so bad maybe we should start some
like couple beef couples of YouTube what
the airport no nobody wants the airport
because we just don't want you to have
what you want okay I'm happy I'm sorry
I'm but if you win I'll be happy for you
yeah and I'm gonna beat you okay that
means what that mean no probably beat me
okay good perfectly aimed on you owe me
green turtle shell took of ramp and then
I just dip down and it sounds like a
personal problem
yeah scare old girl maybe we should
learn about that sometimes did the right
choice I hate you know Lauren yeah you
got to take them out we need you Lauren
stop him I'm trying take him out now
yeah I'm not gonna cross the finish line
before do you know you're gone versus
round that was easy
that's like that's a cool job and my
blend I can't see I can't you don't like
that rainbow rainbow I got nothing
against Rainbow Road no no you like
Rainbow Road when you're good at the
game goes hey come on tells you wouldn't
it yeah 1000 that's wrong
again we just now you knew that I don't
know rematch come in I still be the
person there's no foot into that tone I
love you guys but if you subscribe to
Justin Gabriel how is the horse yeah you
did do good you are you or stressed out
too right yeah I was sweating
I was nervous if any of the youtubers
that want to come over and let me run
this lie detector on any of your friends
or family let me know I got you i'ma
come through and I'll work the computer
and you just get the truth our friends
have come and gone and to be honest I
had another friend coming over the homie
rice gum to take the lie detector test I
had a few questions I needed to ask him
but he was afraid of getting exposed so
he canceled on me he said he's not
trying to do it everybody got some
secrets but I think mr. rice come have a
little bit more than most people so go
tweet rice come tell him yo don't be
afraid of Alex Assad bees lie detector
test because the truths gonna come out
one day might as well be from a
and right Lauren right is that a picture
you posted on Instagram at Alpha sabe
you mean Alex wasabi you could never
post a pic this cute and edit it this
good Hey whoa okay I miss many booty I
miss the many beauties the missing many
beauties the many beauties you can
orangutan you go you're gonna jump right
in my face good job would you go don't
launch him okay go
oh oh you kind of launched them I'm
getting super into this lie detector
thing so make sure to tweet your
favorite youtubers and let them know
that I'm down to lie detect anybody they
want I will come over and we will get
the truth it's quite stressful for all
parties but I'm willing to do it that's
all I got for you guys today
see you tomorrow and until then do me a
favor and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling and subscribe to my
channel cuz you're doing it wrong
