you think they're ready to know okay
let's just tell them let's just do it
where we at
ready ready okay what is would it be
would it do yeah it is the date of all
days the day I've been talking about for
so very long has finally come I finally
get to give my girlfriend her birthday
present I was so excited I couldn't
sleep
to like 4:30 a.m. it's currently 7 a.m.
and I got a drive two hours first I pick
up my girlfriend and my son
let's get it hey young Lauren has been
spotted in the wild with her music
oh they approach quickly I must go with
what what moves you super-boob clothes
did you poop moms we'll be right back
she's cleaning up your food good job
check on my dad huh hey watch the
coconut water it's essential for my
hydration I missed you too
you ready for the best day of your lives
coming at you with the quickness boy no
no no I'm not cool who's I got a drag I
got dragged moves I can't drive over
this already
you said he wants to drive okay oh
you're good then handsome a unibrow it's
a bench time with more severe Lauren and
Alex will also be there and it's gonna
be so fun for the family fun fun for the
family it's for the family machine
what's a machine with some energy
oh yeah weird papers every time we
crinkled everything
sir Zeus did not disturb the pilot while
he is operating the aircraft and the
baby please don't put that in neutral
okay again please don't put any trill
again Baird he would do that okay be
comfortable
good he's like don't bother
he's sleeping if you put it in neutral
or first it's gonna be bad news berries
you don't have your license yet we're
all gonna get arrested
is that what you want good boy there you
go
take a little nap and he'll be there in
about two hours
big warm ball come on stinking puppies
where are we mr. Idaho why could the
best present ever be hmm what's her name
Emily Emily four months old are you a
baby horsey oh my God look there's more
duckies hey Derrick's oh look look
Lauren you got up on the ramp oh my god
well mooch is about to have a party hi
hi buddy
Emily's jumping okay moose your turn
whoa hello hello I'm Alex hello hello we
love you tell her everything all day I
tweeted that out and it got like mm
retweeted like if you get I just keep
making songs forever forever
yeah oh no I think they're ready to know
okay let's just tell them let's just do
it where we at ready ready okay we are
at a puppy's an owner
fits right we're getting mani-pedis
bring it in facials we're hitting
massages we're getting massages with
moose moose and Lauren are gonna take a
fitness class we're gonna have dinner
with moose it's gonna be great times and
we'll bring you a little ride I'm a
twitchy person the right foot is the
twitchy is I warned you I don't like any
promises with that here's a pile tickles
is a little bit
what does it do it helps you know that
dry steam the field I should amend a
much better than I really yeah
what because the heels and stuff that
heels yeah they're open shoes girls are
gross let me say that mr. Massey that's
got my nails did I heard you got new
tricks let's see
on Elizabeth yeah yeah he loves Lucian
Sally tickles Wow no way whoa needs a
treadmill to hide every good sound lucky
to have the smartest bump in the whole
world
you don't like no manicure for our
massage hey Lucy messy messy messy messy
messy hair big oh whoa not a big job on
top or to the bottom hey buddy
are you tired after a fitness class
how come in here with never both in here
Oh mom's coming too
we're all in here naptime naptime
everybody got sick music acetylate neck
and neck oh oh
how's it going in here I'll be in the
salt cave if you need me there is this
salt cave this is all salt the whole
floor Oh salt cave whoa this is crazy
and then the salt in there
saltness is actually going to go into
your lungs it helps reduce any bronchial
formation I've never checked ever had
any bronchial stuff something I might
you do it's extremely helpful if you
don't it still relaxing nice okay I'm
gonna take a nap right there
well you did sleep edp's you didn't hear
me coming
yeah I'm a ninja hey can I ask you a
question
he's sleepy doobies but why ask you
another question
do you like your new nails hmm okay I
see one more question
why you look yeah hey hey okay
know why you suck yeah for our massage
we had the cup check on Lucy bear and we
caught him in the middle of his little
baby puppy nap under the bench over here
but you know who else we found
how you doing looking at us over this
table that was it bear by Emily at the
robot at that robot got that robot got
the robot but they get him sighs forgive
him so much but to get me sad but begin
was done got that move oh yeah yeah it's
all salt what do you think I definitely
did not fall asleep in here for 30
minutes earlier hey whoa I did not sleep
for two hours well that's cuz your nails
took forever
oh so much sand I mean so much salt this
is weird this is really you Missy Missy
did you have fun with Emily all day you
ready to go home
Emily you want to come home with us Luce
why do you look so tired oh yeah all the
ladies he's a lady magnet what about a
car then you can have the best seat for
your entire life so bye Emily
bye bye we got a two hour drive back
let's get it boy but that the most fun
you ever had was it worth it was it
worth a four hour round trip yeah okay
well thank you Venus defy to hell for
providing such a fun time but I'm going
home no to one side up no here look at
this this is the MU suite that by
January 1st 2018 this is what everybody
guess he's gonna wear yeah you know what
this is
this is our chest score I've won three
times you and why are we tied one you
sure you want to put yourself through
this again this it's every piece on the
board none of them were taken off
somehow I got my horse over here and
checkmated Aaron he has to move this he
can't move here because he's also
checkmate do anything to get rid of this
horse so you can't get out that way
either
so that's you sure you want to go
through this again okay come on let's go
her down yeah
this guy I have a nice relaxing day and
now you're trying to make me continue my
relaxing day because I won't be stressed
at all playing UHS go put your tally up
excuse me okay I ask you something
what's today the best day you ever have
in your whole days and all your days
ever forever
what was it better than Disneyland Paris
tell the truth yeah I choose Disneyland
Paris but the day was super fun for the
multi-bear you wouldn't even like
Disneyland you can't go back there Doug
that's like the deep and dark oh it's so
worn out who's worn out who's all worn
out
whoa these choppers no baby piranha
teeth oh my gosh Land Shark that is
crazy
Aaron look at these teeth what do
privately oh I was unaware wait did
wonderful Oh what did one for long
forget right here where well they're
wonder that no no no no no his teeth are
falling out soon no I think she's right
No yeah
what here I'll be so mad somebody if
three people have their mouth and hands
on that
sorry move that's new dog owners we
found out mooses baby teeth are gonna
fall out like human kids same thing but
they eat theirs for the most part on
purpose it's just not on purpose
they eat so fast there's like I don't
even know it's a tooth and they eat a
tooth but if we find one on the floor
then it's considered lucky so let's you
can find a tooth first hey hey can I ask
you something he said no dad I'm dead
okay okay
what's okay cuz it's time for the end of
Bluetooth closed are you excited about
the Lords merger are you excited
it comes out Friday at 3:00 p.m. with
the new vlog you can get 20% off with
the discount code do you know the
discount code do you know tell me it I
need to know I need to give the wasabi
is there 20% off please tell me your
secrets pretty please tell there
sleeping pills for the movie had you had
a big day buddy
so it's time for you to get some big
rest sleepiest of the peas look right in
right in these guys alright goodnight
muz EP your mouth boy good night see you
tomorrow hope you had fun see happy
birthday mom good boy that's all we got
for you guys today
come back tomorrow because there is
going to be a battle for the ages we
have some friends coming over and it's
on see you guys in the next vlog as
always do me a favor don't forget to
subscribe like this vlog and remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
