we go let me switch this little dial I
love this the ginger drive what do dough
yesterday's vlog we googled me we found
out a bunch of information and today
it's time to Google where'd you go oh
you're behind me we're gonna Google my
girlfriend laurdiy but before that we
have a free day so we're gonna spend it
looking at via Q's not Ferrari because
you know about my deal with Ferrari
meanieheads no let the adventure begin
all the way to look at new beacuse
Ferrari has been my dream car since I
was little that's no longer a mini faces
they don't we are no longer going down
that route so we have to go to my second
favorite car do you know what that is no
I don't okay you say your first favorite
car I don't say my second favorite car
at the same time you're my favorite I
know you'll find ok ready ready 3 2 1
Range Rover yes yeah yeah you've never
once been to that in 20 years of our
relationship as I was one of the Ferrari
when we break up that I forget in a car
no that's not true Range Rover here we
come
we about to get our dream cars
yeah Wow
we should get two cars and we park next
each other keep just half a heart on
your Clark and half a heart on my car
and we Prentice each other it's a full
heart new couples come in and get the
same car maybe the second
we go let me switch to this little dial
I love this you ginger drive is it good
for doughnuts like everything is
possible nothing is impossible
Oh hold on let me open this real quick
me and that's big
we're gonna die we're gonna die we're
gonna keep it I do this bit to evil
person Oh bad parking job bad parking
job come in come in come in second try
have you decided what you want you gotta
pick one of each no we don't have
parking spaces for those I have a deal
you had to agree to it in this deal I
don't get a rage over Oh tell me more I
don't get arranged over but I'll take
all the burden of decision-making off of
you and I'll pick the car that I think
that you would want what's the colors
the inside furnishing the interior the
tires everything I'll do all that
deciding you have to leave it all up to
me you have to leave it all up to me
you're the trust that I know you enough
I don't know you can't help me at all
and you can't come with me either until
it's it's done and then you get to pick
whatever car you want me to have
whatever car you think I'm gonna steal
deal okay no no except for that you
can't give you that you get it rolling
with like monster truck tires okay okay
fits looked small before but now he
looks extra small after being in the
Range Rovers look how small and dirty
this hood is we do a car wash
all right fits time to get what might be
your last car wash Hey oh isn't telling
us anything kind of thing I always was
to do nothing is splashing on your side
is they back up anything
hello whoa we'd like to start now
where's the rainbow and that's what
anybody ever gets their car washed just
for the remote
go get some snacks or anything let's see
how good a job this carwash did
still a little dirty but definitely
luckily there was a for missing this
ahead goodbye buddy Missy had yeah why
don't you ever say good job when I go
potty
you peel over my see that's what I was
aiming for so I did a good job it's time
to get updated on the moose bet today
this bet is for 2018 today it's only
September 3rd 17 my weight is 171
exactly okay
I think 19.5 I'm gonna say yeah 92.5
okay I see 20 ok I'm not here but five
there we go there we go I'm gonna choose
one ninety point six he's nineteen point
six pounds he's so heavy now point six
right this on this nineteen point six if
anybody out yet no but you're almost out
so is he what is he thinking this was
kind of messy and everybody was riding
in different stuff so Lauren's gonna
redo it and put it all in one
handwriting and done wait what happened
at twenty eighteen do it finish it
perfect
don't touch it give me the marker give
me the marker give it to me yesterday
oh wait I was wearing the same thing
yesterday I put this on right before I
filmed the last one it's only like 25
hours like barely even a day I've been
wearing this hey you ready be Google
Calendar be I found some interesting
things on me I found the pictures of
when I broke my tooth I found a bunch of
weird stuff and it's your turn oh this
is for you
great don't be nervous or nerby or
nervous which you know that felt weird
saying yeah laurdiy age or DIY dog more
DIYs chance real hasta sabe a DIY
realize I guess or DIY I was a little
boy I did so yeah yeah you're super I
saw a little older okay Laurie have a
pop socket it was a three-month
exclusive that just and it hasn't been
such a good play
the plug but hot sockets but they're
done it's okay because we can plug low
acts merch coming out September 15th of
June 17 of what month September one day
Oh 17 15 15 so number 15 baby it smells
so bad
happiness age DIY real or do I have
merch you guys living in a DA I live in
LA no but I'm Canadian forever and
always bow it's me my dog everybody in
the Lord they are gonna dance because
whatever I have a book I do not have a
book disorder I have wishbone still
don't know what that app is so no it's
an app House of Lords DIY died in peace
at night don't you want to know how much
does or do I wait how much you wait I
wait about 113 I think is Filipino no
I'm half Japanese finish and it's
raining in laurdiy and project MC
squared so some of you guys have noticed
this I didn't like talked about on
social media but I have like a tiny
little cameo and I think they need to
episodes as a secret agent
did you even know that what yeah I did
yeah I watched it I liked it
know it Lord am i pregnant those are
negative it laurdiy and Al wasabi
married I think negativo negativo
oh I don't know oh my god here we go
Oh
Instagram TV an art I know that's older
than where I ended chug let's take
someone I know
possible Sharkies Emma Cooper me she's
so talented Lord yeah I blocked me on
Instagram
honestly I'm not gonna line if people
leave any kind of hate on Instagram or
let are like super spamming in the
comments you cut my robe what are you
doing it Logan and why is he in his
underwear you filled that video you
psycho yeah epic you think me too bad
that's a baby to You Lord yeah well
since avi Lerner by Alex I am thick
dating laurdiy Network let's see this
correct because mine is way off
well the whole page just on my network
oh this is the same one that I was on
really yeah now worth 1.2 million why
don't you find me more things I want a
little more ok put you off because once
you get talking about dogs it takes
about five years for you you understand
I have some things to clear up because
apparently my schedule that I gave them
yesterday was a little confusing for
those here that want a more clear wasabi
September schedule don't worry I've got
you in two blogs on September 6 the epic
boyfriend surprise present is going to
be live and you guys can finally find
out what Lawrence has gotten for the
best birthday present or best presents
she's ever received ever next Friday on
September 8th is the 24 hour 20%
discount plus new words item release the
Friday after that September 15th the
Lorex merch is finally live the merch
that you guys have been asking
forever it's finally arrived and it's
ready for you guys as soon as the ball
comes out the Mercs goes out Friday
September 17th Ward puts out the most
epic music video she's ever put out on
her own she did everything it's epic go
check it out
September 17th Sunday on her channel
youtube.com slash lord yahwah and last
but not least September 29 is when the
first official War X music video comes
out on this channel
September 9 it's gonna be epic don't be
late
check it out 3 p.m. now all the dates
are on the screen you guys can take your
time write down take a picture take a
screenshot I'll wait that's all I got
for you guys today
see you tomorrow as always do me a favor
don't forget to remember subscribe like
this vlog and if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong ok bye
