I just remembered something I'll be on
TV tonight is would it be a wooden dude
oh no mourning no morning towel my I
like it it's a new trend you're setting
a new chin I tell you something what
hello hello I'm Alex hello hello I love
each other every single day that should
be a theme song good eating
I'm sorry Bowl I got one too but this is
definitely the fanciest us a table I had
in my life this is an actual honeycomb I
feel like bees lived in this at one
point I'm eating a bees home and then
there's also flowers mm-hmm
eat the flower are they edible another
nine do it you're blurry your boy its
flower you eat the flower I'll eat the
honeycomb I'm scared why everything know
where my die you won't it's your fault
you won't die uh uh I'll need a piece of
pedal bill yet
you know just go for it oh did you get
the honeycomb no I can't eat the honey
call I can't eat this right yeah I'd be
really good where are the walls made out
of honey bee poop hey Bea poop is good
super sweet ready to go on a puppy
adventure yeah I'm hungry
can I eat moose just a little bit can I
eat you up just a little bit look at
this look how meaty this is I could eat
this right here look if he doesn't
respond oh whoa whoa okay ready hey
moose can I eat your ear sounds means oh
yes it likes you
yeah you could meet my ear I have two
and I love you cuz you're my father
I'll meet your ear bro well you got
yours back well okay let's go the park
moose you made a new friend yeah that's
Prince and moose and most famous a
prince
fence a moose what's a prince he's
infatuated moose is like playing but not
really moving that much just doing all
the movie
actually go toughest little dog ever fix
your ear there you go come on I got you
now got you now you're gonna have heat
stroke don't exert yourself it's too hot
it's 110 degrees in LA right now oh yeah
don't go in the Sun you're gonna melt I
like your shoes
where'd you get those nice you know it
was a short time at the park but it's
super hot okay
now you drink your water hey bro hey bro
are you a camel hey bro you are you hey
are you are you a camel huge
announcement coming at you right yeah
well you wanna tell them what it is what
we about this for so long you guys have
been asking us makes them larks merch
make some Lorex merch and guess what we
just got the samples in right now and
we're gonna take a look at that here we
go here we go here we go what okay check
it out let's look at it put that on oh
you put on yes we show them no we can't
so yeah not yet not yet but just so you
guys know oh let me show them
oh wow that's so cute so cute
just so you guys know we're not doing
this for profit or to make a bunch of
money we're doing this because you guys
keep asking us for Lorex merch
so we got the Lorax March and it's
coming out very soon
September 15 September 15 is when you
guys are gonna go crazy over all these
clothes it's gonna be a one-time sale
get yours before it's out because once
it's out it's done and we even opened up
a new store just for the lorax merch so
I know you'll probably already have
your items your merged dr. sabe calm
well you'd all have and if you don't
have your merch at Knox ah b.com then go
to watch wasabi calm and get your merch
but also you gotta check out this borax
much money
relax man hey September 15 stay tuned
we're gonna release the online store
name very soon so come back tomorrow and
the next day home the next day and also
do not think that I forgot that we hit 1
million followers on Twitter meaning you
get a 20% 24-hour discount in the
alcazaba comm store with a new release
of a new item which is still working on
give me a break guys I got you I got you
a few more days alright I just
remembered something I'm gonna be on TV
tonight I forgot in my brain for Polaris
prime time but show with Jimmy oh yeah I
know it's my episode now yeah you guys
want to watch it with me yeah well you
can't because you're leaving me to go on
a girls day what what yes then I've
tried relate information
Aaron hey I have a like outs
oh boy I'm trying to talk anyways
there's a show on Disney XD called
Polaris primetime that my friends Jimmy
and Megan host and they asked her to be
on it and I was on it and we played
Mario Cart along with a bunch of other
games this vlog is coming out the next
day so that means that the show came on
TV last night and if you didn't record
it you missed it or if you didn't watch
it live you missed it but don't worry if
you're like me and you don't have the
Disney XD channel on your TV which I
recently found out I was very distraught
you can go to you too
TV online sign up for a 30 day trial and
you can watch it for free most any about
to watch my show look I hired you
haven't pulled up he's ready to watch my
show That's not me but this is this is
the show ready okay stay right there I'm
almost done
hey stay right there and YouTube TV you
don't have to be there when it goes live
so you can watch it anytime like it's on
right now I haven't even started
watching it I'm gonna watch it with my
boy moose it's gonna be dope
so go sign up right now there's not a
brand deal I just want you guys to watch
my TV show let me show you guys a little
preview three two one go
yeah buddy yeah buddy Lauren and Lana
went to the concert so I came home to
take a shower relax a little bit until
Lauren's back home but I forgot Aaron is
in DC for playlist DC so I'm just home
by myself and I don't like it I don't
like it before I get eaten by ghosts
guess what I just found out most of the
updates about my career as a youtuber
are from you guys I just saw a tweet
that came in in a screenshot of my first
vlog ever I started vlogging on another
Channel Alex's hobby vlog so if you want
to see the first year of vlogs I ever
did go to that channel and then I
brought it over to the main channel
wasabi production the date on that video
on the tweet that one of you guys sent
me said September 1st 2015 it's the
second yes your day was my two year
anniversary of vlogging that's crazy I
mean it feels like it's been a lot
longer than that
Wow okay I'm gonna go back to Lauren's
apartment and hang out with goose I'm
scared I'm scared I'm scared I'm scared
I realized that I do not have a key to
Lauren's apartment so I'm gonna stay
right here and I turn the light on so
it's less scary light equals less scary
dark equals scary ah weird light go the
light really just went out it's not just
to edit to make the screen look black
let me turn it back on we good moving on
finding out something about my past like
that my anniversary for my two year
blogging journey has come and gone I
want to find out some more things about
me so I'm gonna do something that I've
seen a lot of people do and it's called
Google yourself I am going to use my
phone to Google myself but I'm not put
right here so you guys can see exactly
what I be looking up first
Alex massage
Alex was that's wasabi age I am 27 years
old even though I look like I'm 12 in
teen I'll just have you merchandise
along so sabi calm if you haven't
checked it out go check it out you don't
have to buy anything but if you wanna
get this stuff rocks lobby height I am 6
foot tall I'm 5 11 and 3/4 but if you
round it up that is 6 foot tall Alex
wasabi is Alex lobby Asian that's
correct
good job Google where is he from mmm
I was born in Montana lived in North
Carolina and Kentucky for a very large
amount of my time and now I live in LA
is I'll just not be married no that is
not truth yes I'm not married what does
Alex wasabi call his fans I don't call
them fans I call them fans or fam what's
I being what does Alex wasabi do for a
living I eat a lot of candy and I make
videos that's mostly it is oh there we
go
looks like I've searched this before who
is a cassabi sister my sister is Mariah
Alex Otte nationality Latino and well
shallots wasabi brother I got to I got
Erin I got Andrew all day that's why why
is Alex wasabi the only one that popped
up why is it hard to saw be famous I
don't know you guys tell me you guys are
watching my stuff I just want to make
the world happy it's just an added bonus
is Alex
wasabi Asian yes why is everything about
my Asian ah city is outside be gay no is
it exercised ed no wasabi net word this
is probably incorrect I remember
checking out a long time ago I was like
see look there's a bunch of articles
they all say different things and
they're all going correct
trust Alex sobbing net worth 4.2 million
what okay I can tell you for a fact that
is incorrect
me what how come move it yep what no
incorrect oh well okay this is that's
overwhelming I need that I am now sad oh
let's check out images to see what kind
of images pop up okay okay you got the
colorful background you got the fresh
haircut then you got Nickelodeon then
you got blonde Alex then you have an
Alex that's double pointing at you
always the move Oh was when I was in
Hawaii and I knocked my own tooth out a
lot of people when I posted this picture
they didn't believe it they thought it
was fake it looks like it could have
been colored with black right there but
I 100% positively I'm telling you I
really knocked my tooth out while I was
paddleboarding so if you ever go
paddleboarding and who I don't bring the
paddle towards your face like this cuz
you'll knock your tooth out and if
you're ever in the ocean then you see it
too it might be mine you can have it
you're welcome so this scissor here this
is a completely fake it's crazy you
can't tell it can you this is the hair I
want to go back to I don't think I'm
ever gonna go fool blonde again but I
like this little two color thing I got
going on right here
oh no okay let me explain this is a
before picture okay let me show you an
after picture before you get all crazy
with it is what Alex before a 60 day
workout that I took part it is it's
super safe
I have not even close to that anymore I
gotta stop eating pizza yeah 100%
the most in-shape I've ever been in my
life I wish I knew Lauren back then
because she would have been like whoa
but right now she's like very happy boys
and girls I finally googled myself I
found some truths I found some craziness
and I found some toothless pictures Oh
tomorrow we gone Google war and now for
the end of vlog talk you know that we
hit a million on Twitter 20% discount 24
hours that's what you get on every
single thing on the items in the of
Cybercom merch store I finally heard
back from my merch guys and we got a
shirt ready it's ready and the discount
begins when the vlog goes up on Friday
September this is gonna be a one-time
sale this shirt that's coming out with
the celebration of the million followers
on Twitter you can only get it in this
24 hours starting on Friday's vlog I
upload at 3 p.m. so 3 p.m. Friday to 3
p.m. Saturday you can get this exclusive
I have a sample on the way to me right
now
so when it gets here I'll show you in
the vlog what you gonna be able to get
trust me it's on that dope Joe then
exactly 1 week after that we are doing
some exclusive Lorax merch we got a
bunch of stuff being released and we're
not gonna restock it this is it we know
that a bunch you wanted the Lorax shirts
so we're giving it to you next next
Friday September 15th it's for you make
sure to grab yours before it sells out
because I think I think it's gonna salt
on the quickness two days after the
Lorex merge goes live on September 17
Lauren is releasing this crazy
epic music video that she did on her
channel and it's uh I've seen bits and
parts of it I've heard the song and it
let's just say it's a side of Lauren
you've never seen before
and I can't wait for you guys to meet
this new version and then shortly after
that the last epic thing the way we're
gonna end September on a huge note is on
this channel
September 29 we are releasing the
first-ever Lorax music video we've done
a bunch of music stuff before but we've
never sung in the actual video we
recorded in a studio it wasn't just
audio clips from a vlog it was legit and
we filmed an epic hilarious music video
with my friends Gregory Brothers it's
coming out of my channel September 29th
I'm so excited I haven't even seen it
yet you guys haven't seen it yet when I
see it
I'm gonna take it look at it give it to
you guys you guys can look at it and
it's gonna be done YouTube game is over
it's gonna be a good month that's all I
got big eyes today see you tomorrow
don't forget to subscribe don't forget
to like this book and do me a favor do
not forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong okay bye
come on cops get to where you're going
people need saving
