you ready I don't think you're ready for
this I'm not I'm nervous
here we go we're about to sing what is
would it be what it do so today I have
an abundance of updates like a
cornucopia like a plethora a you didn't
even know I knew those big words well I
do but first thing on the to-do list is
I need a haircut and when I get a
haircut I can't hold the vlog camera so
I'm a need bro to come and hook me up
bro all right bro
another day you will meet together Alex
bro let's do this - OH
dream team you're ready you look tired
did you get some sleep last night okay
all right yeah the reason I need this
haircut is because we shooting the music
video on Friday you always got to know
you got to get a haircut two or three
days before you need the haircut so it
grows it all nice and you'd be like ooh
Billy Oh Sal also we just recorded the
song yesterday or the day before or
something like that I should be getting
the final cut from the music master guy
mr. Gregory Brothers I'm gonna have to
show a few people and see what they
think
erika complete it looks kind of funky
now but trust me it's gonna look good
and lied two days and grow a little bit
it's gonna be looking for remain calm
remain calm you guys are brothers friend
I'll be okay no no this is human food
are you human I didn't think so
no don't do it don't do it
oh oh oh you can't sleep on top of guppy
you can't sleep there Oh don't step on
his head don't sir always making a mess
is that more pee you're like a ninja
that was it's a must bear vanishes and
reappearance was a magic trick called I
poop and you have to find it that means
you have to be a parent I'm going to
look at a brand new car but not just any
car it's a supercar it's a Ferrari this
is what I'm driving man this is my
Toyota Camry SE 2012 my first car I've
ever had and his name is Tom
my friend oh but I think it's time for
an upgrade to the Ferrari store I
haven't gotten myself a car in five
years in that five years I've gotten my
sister a car I've gotten my little
brother a car I've gotten my mom a car
and I've gotten my dad a club but I've
never bought myself a car it's me time I
haven't had me time in a long time I'm
always taking care of everybody else
which I love doing I'm not complaining
but for one day its Alex day and I'm
about to get a Ferrari let's go oh there
it is we how are we going in it has
always been my dream to drive a supercar
and just have all that power in my hand
I need I made it in my head I don't know
why but I'm getting kind of nervous
walking to the star and I'm like okay
all right this is what my life is led to
it's time to get my dream car let's go
you guys know I'm a pretty happy guy I
am a super positive guy I give everybody
the benefit of the doubt I forgive
easily and I don't hold grudges but
today I set off on a mission to check
out my dream car a car that I thought I
would never be blessed enough to even
touch in my life I didn't know what kind
of car I wanted I just knew I wanted a
Ferrari because ever since I was little
that was the car Ferrari oh that's crazy
oh wow
in my head that's the best car in the
whole world you feel better I walk in to
the Ferrari dealership walk around log
some of the car the Emperor chill in 30
minutes past nobody comes out of there
often no salesmen no nothing nobody
we're the only ones in the entire store
eventually I'm assuming the boss man
comes out and he says hey there's no
filming in here it's pretty obvious you
can't film in here there's sign I'm like
oh okay I'm sorry okay sorry lemma and
he said okay cool just make sure you
turn it off I'm sitting outside of his
office that has glass windows that he
can see me walking around and before you
go back in his office I say hey is
somebody gonna help me find a car
potentially buy one of these car he says
yeah sure I'll get somebody 20 minutes
later I remind you we're the only
in the store meaning a bro there's no
other customers okay okay I could have
left then and be like okay they're gonna
treat me like this I'm out of here
but like I said I forgive right away I'm
sure that guy was having a bad day or
something and Ferraris my favorite car I
see a mechanic walking through the store
I say excuse me sir are you a Salesman
he says no but I can get you somebody he
goes his office get somebody to come out
the same office that the guy I talked to
before was in he had salesmen in his
office he could have sent out but no he
just ignored me right moose not cool bro
not cool you're not supposed to be up
here haunting and mad at you oh you see
the kibble
that's always saying now about this
salesman he came out I asked him a bunch
of questions he adds them really quick
and then came the big question no thank
you can I test drive a car he says no
you cannot test drive a car I say why
can I not test drive a car that I am
potentially going to buy he says you
have to put an offer on this car and the
reason I was reluctant to put an offer
on this car is because of how they were
treating me they were treating me like I
didn't deserve it they didn't believe
that I really wanted this car I said if
I'm gonna offer on this car I take it
out test drive it and don't want to get
that car then the offers off he says yes
I said so why does it matter
if I don't put an offer on the car why
can't I Drive this car when I asked him
this question this is how he responded
um well he well he hasn't gonna offer on
the car first and and then we can
test-drive it because we just say you
know you weak you have to put it off or
on it that tells me that his boss though
in the same office he was in said you
better not let this kid test drive one
of these car first of all how am I
supposed to put an offer on a car that
I've never even driven him
not trying to like kill numbers or
anything but these are hundreds of
thousands of dollars whore I'm not gonna
put off row that of that much on a car
that I've never driven so my question is
what is the real reason they wouldn't
let me test drive a four or is it
because I'm young is it because I'm
wearing a tank top with a pineapple on
it is it because I'm not worthy of a
Ferrari you might be saying to yourself
after being treated like that I'm just
supposed to turn around and be like yes
I would love to give your business my
business because you guys have treated
me so greatly and I was the only one in
the store I know there's one cells in
there and they couldn't send out one of
them in 30 no 50 minutes I asked after
30 minutes and then there was 20 minutes
on top of that so it's 50 minutes almost
an hour went by and I got no service and
they treated me like I didn't matter
everybody matters it doesn't matter who
you are you can't treat people like they
don't mad last thing I'm gonna say about
this it looks like I'm gonna have to
find a new dream car thank you for
clearing that up for me
Ferrari oh that really helps I hate
being this negative I I need to find
some positivity I need to come on
something no you heard me you heard me
you heard that I needed you you just
knew you had to animal instincts there
you go see mama bear she's home come on
let's go come on let's go dad all out of
your boy can you told moose that we have
to go it's time to go home moose can't
go home buddy I can see mommy okay let's
go come on let's go time to go home my
moose come on come on let go honey
Oh mommy
oh okay we'll be right there reignited
and it feels so good are you happy to be
home sighing oh he really likes this
clam won't appropriate appropriate gross
yeah I got surprise for you yeah it's
the best one you can ever think of
beauty I'm about to give you the best
surprise ever
I feel like it's gonna be better than
your secret birthday present on Tuesday
this is better than that
peanut butter and jelly you happy about
it yeah I got one too that's why it took
me a little bit longer to get here but I
think it was worth it I had to make an
executive decision regular peanut butter
smooth Oh
I mean wait or is that the crunchy
whatever single day Billy it's weird now
that we said it out loud it's been weird
since the first time you ever said it
it's not even a good song content
Laurens here I had a rough day you had a
long day but I have a little surprise
for you it better than anything I have
the completed version of our song the
first part of it but I felt bad we just
the first part trail
no but I'm okay you ready yeah oh here
tomorrow okay wait wait wait wait
tomorrow we're filming the music video
to the song we're about to listen to
yeah it's gonna be epic
ready I don't think you're ready for
this I'm not I'm nervous
here we go what about the sing do we
sound good or bad
okay I don't know it's all weird singing
song okay you do it I can't do it Oh Oh
God okay bye
and I'm about to get a Ferrari let's go
let's go Oh
airbags gonna come out
