just don't punch them in the face I
would do it fast it's just one strip
what it is would it be would it do da
what's up guys welcome back to another
vlog and I have a confession I feel like
I haven't been being the best friend I
can be I have not been enhancing my
friends lives they have not had more
exciting lives since I've been in their
life recently and I just feel like I can
do so much more I can make their lives
so much more exciting so much better if
I just put forth a little effort so that
is the mission today I am going to get
some supplies to make my friends lives
not so Monday where could it be
where could it t there it is what I got
at the store is waxing strips but these
aren't just Dani waxing strip you just
rub it in your hand a little bit and get
it warm and then you can stick it on any
part of your body or someone else's body
mousse no please hey you can put this on
you then stop playing my shoes oh I
don't know it said to use
oh that's a waxing strip is that what
that's a waxing strip and it's on right
now you aren't quite a predicament my
friend I'll you just do it see he
doesn't have that much hair to begin
with so this won't be that bad it's just
one strip oh wow look how clear that is
oh it's icky that's Chris today is the
first day as a father for me I am a
father to you
mousse I got to talk to you you are my
responsibility for the next three days
it is my job to keep you alive I'm gonna
feed you walk you clean you bathe you
call you every once a while
fist bump you you you guys play this
game way too much a little bit
that's in there yeah you shouldn't have
missed the high-five you didn't miss
high-five we wouldn't have let it on
your chest
no no whoa that's a little that's a
little crazy
like a letter it looks like a D right
there yeah it looks like yeah it's
pretty much gone that's good let me help
Hey look moose this is my first time
being a father I know this is your first
time being a son to a father but
together we can do this you and me
hand in hand or paw in hand that works
too we're gonna get through this you and
me I'll keep you alive so good I already
fed you this morning I gave your ear
medicine which is not fine but you're
getting better at it I walked you I I
squeezed you till you pooped guys we are
real close to that million I told you in
yesterday's vlog to slow down because I
don't have the merge ready and I can't
give you the merge with 20% discount if
I don't have the shirts ready it's a
slow down slow okay good
okay all right well now I'm kind of sad
about it hello so this is what it's like
being a father you and me listen Missy
it's dinner time and mom said that I
have to make you do a bunch of tricks
before I give you all your food so you
can grow up and be a big smart boy okay
sit
oh sit down down good boy sits go to
your spot sit
stay stay you're a crazy person MOOCs
can sit on your point
excuse me excuse me move over here I got
put down you go that's you well you
sound like hi you know yes eat it all my
son you did all up so you can be big and
strong and exactly 27 pounds by the end
of the year this is a moose bet and
we're guessing his weight and what its
gonna be by the end of the year Aaron
said 30 pounds Lauren said 21 pounds
Suzy says 70 well okay that's not gonna
happen but I am all about the 27 that is
what you will be by 2018 trust ya know
this is like a like stalking is it no
your honor there pushing part of the
shops me I don't want to see this but
you're saying right though there's no
pain involved in this right okay okay
you have an idea what this is yet you're
loading it with something is that
gunpowder maybe in the form of paper
maybe could be 2017 anything's possible
I'd never know what to expect with you
anymore is it dynamite
maybe is it you tell me I'll show you
you had me shot what I got shocked you
are cut to the footage of us on the lab
peeing in the
oh there you go not doing it and this is
the remote and this is the fire so I
push it and then it fires on your
flamethrower
assist this is one assist surprise prank
you're gonna put some more doper yeah
this is wax paper this is that one
see y'all here you might wake I'll go
for this one
100 you go like 1 2 3 there you go Wow
well I thought you were Tanner than that
but it was just hair Suzanna play chess
never beat Joe is gonna be the first
time do you forgive me for earlier yes I
feel like you liked it I cannot confirm
or deny it I liked it but yes it's it's
in the works it's in the works
oh we just hit a million subscribers on
Twitter that's a good thing but I don't
have my merch ready I'm nice okay but
we're not talking about you we're
talking about me guys I'm working on it
I'm hoping by this weekend hopefully
just come back tomorrow by tomorrow I
should know when the shirts gonna be
ready and then I'll do the 20% discount
says I don't want you to miss out on the
new merch I hope you understand part of
my life now yeah no I'm leaving it flew
forward you guys are liars
I can overpower one of you but I can't
overpower both you oh okay just go just
go oh no no no
know your armpit sweaty okay Oh
deodorant oh the moment we've all been
dreading
Lucy's ear medication he knows he hates
it it's for you my friend you're gonna
like it
I mean you're not gonna like it but it's
good for you wait let me massage it in
massage it in massage it in massage
mousse hold on three two one oh I didn't
light on fire Oh cuz clouds are made of
water or what didn't this cloud ever do
to us
whoa good stay it can be our friend you
made it through that thing test I gotta
talk to you guys for a second about this
music video the first ever Lorax music
video that's about to come out now I
know a lot of you are saying this is not
your first music video and you're
probably referring to this but no that
was not a music video that was just one
of my youtube friends that took a bunch
of clips from a bunch of our vlogs put
them together and added our voice to
auto-tune the difference about the one
that's coming out at the end of this
month
September we sing in this one not only
do we sing in this one we also have a
legit music video coming out with it
we're gonna film it on Friday it's gonna
be on that dope doe oh and this wasn't a
music video either we just danced walked
in his
now one last thing before I go I have to
let you know that I have a prank you
know what here's the deal
tomorrow's vlog I will tell you who I'm
pranking but you have to promise not to
tell them don't tweet them don't do
anything to let that person know that
they are getting pranked
okay deal pinky-promise done let's go
that's all I got for you guys today see
you tomorrow on the second day of puppy
fatherhood and until then do me a favor
and don't forget to remember subscribe
like this vlog and if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
