this is the dreaded eardrops is for
friends who do stuff together what would
it be would it do Joe Broz on his way
over right now I'm gonna ask him if he
will be in front of the camera just for
you guys cuz you gotta keep commenting
asking who he is
and he's never actually said I don't
want to be in front of the camera but
you could just tell you can get the vibe
he doesn't want to be so we're gonna see
Oh curious hey bro I got a question for
you I was wondering yeah you would like
to be in some in my vlogs if you would
like to be part of the vlogs just know
that if you ever want to be a part of
this you can be and you have a lot of
people that want to meet you and I'm
sure they love you girl don't cry bro go
on it's okay
don't cry don't cry it's okay well I
will come back we'll revisit this we'll
come back in a little bit if you don't
want to tell me the reason why you don't
have to let's just get on with our days
come on bro you know what we just got to
Lawrence I'm just gonna hang out her we
have some stuff we gonna do I you had a
hard day you've been crying it's very
much pill I want you to take the day off
just get out of here bro you have a day
to yourself that's what I want for you
okay I'll take that bro come on
so yesterday mousse bumped into one of
our speakers are big surround sound
speaker and it fell to the ground and it
was like cut blues he got super scared
and mom and dad rushed to his side took
care of him and comforted him and I
think I really think he's acting
differently today we bonded with him
even super bonded like yesterday like
pok√©mon and trainer bonded I know
ok mousse I'll see you later ok mommy
and daddy have to go on another secret
mission just know it's gonna be on that
dope go for the mission we are about to
complete we need some fuel so we stopped
by Starbucks and wait what's that
hi as me hey Lord yeah why I think it's
time we tell them what's about to go
down today we are here at the YouTube
space la because we might maybe kind of
be making a Lorex music video whoa whoa
say it say it see how nice it feels
Lorax yeah how do I feel that's nice
stop eating my candy and we have my
friend mister is it Michael Gregory yeah
from the Gregory boys
you're gonna help us make something
awesome and he's also the guy one of the
masterminds behind my side and this may
or may not be like you know you have the
Marvel Universe but yeah okay I think
you got it next week I'm not mentally
prepared for this oh you better get me
prepared what
we're gonna remain calm without my house
okay my house my rules so don't be doing
crazy stuff like jumping off the couch
hey paranoid puppy mommy you got
something to tell me baby I thought I
was gonna write like a chill little note
for you all the things that you need to
know and then what happened you don't
think I can do this you don't think I
can handle a little tiny baby poopy head
best eats at 10:00 a.m. okay dinner at
6:00 p.m. in the training hey come on
dad's ooh nope my shift doesn't start
till morning sprint around and roll
around like a nut and don't let him on
the couch because he'll probably pull on
the couch she likes to pull on couches
gets it from his mom your favorite the
ear medication though he hates the ear
medication that's twice a day Oh have to
make sure it fills in the ear canal and
you gotta massage the bottoms of his
ears to make sure it goes in you guys
don't understand how much of a hassle
that is was hey did your medication
needs it you have to hit him down so he
put it in otherwise he's gonna run away
and then he squeals not because he's in
pain or anything he just doesn't like
having medicine in his ears so I'm gonna
show you guys us giving him medication
is yours but we're gonna put some nice
sounds over it this is the dreaded ear
drops here we go is for friends who do
stuff together U is for you and me today
we recorded the second Lorex
song ever the first song was this one
you might recognize
but the second one's gonna be even
better all we did today was record the
audio but Friday we gonna record a full
all-out music video that's right
so be on the lookout for the best music
video ever coming out at the end of
September on this channel it's gonna
change your life
We Need to Talk you know whenever I hit
1 million on any platform I do a 20%
discount on every single item in the
alcazaba comm store well we bought the
hit a million on Twitter that's cool and
all but like if you guys could like cuz
I won't be able to do the 20% discount
if we'd be hitting that million on the
Tsun Tsun I said before that on the next
million 20% 24-hour discount I was gonna
release another item and item is super
bowls to being ready but it's not ready
yet so we might hit that million but
then it might be a couple days until I
could do the 20% discount hopefully by
this weekend but I think we're gonna
head down million right tomorrow that's
all I got for you guys today
see you tomorrow do me a favor and don't
forget to remember subscribe like this
vlog if you're not smiling you're doing
it wrong ok bye
