I gotta stay focused I gotta have my
mind in the game to train for this fight
what it is would it be what it do so
Adventure Time I got my fluffy merch
you got your sloppy March hey looking
good in the Dockers though you know that
it W stands for what you can't see that
say what what you just said oh that's
not good oh yeah yeah that's what I said
what did I say you just said oh yeah it
sounded like all you had a me yeah he
display oh you're just saying the same
thing oh yeah yeah yes exactly done okay
let's make moves
shopping complete might have got a
little something from myself
might have got a little some song for
him oh no but I got something I wanted
to talk about but before I talk to you
guys about something super important is
time for a cheese cake factory
Cheesecake Factory a a tea cake factory
Cheesecake Factory I got some bad news
so I was gonna tell you your birthday
present today but Lauren had has a
meeting in San Francisco I forgot so
she's not even here so we gotta wait
till tomorrow but definitely tomorrow
oh yeah I'll give you one hint your hint
is it's fun what you think it's good I'm
not good doing like ready motorized
what is he talking about balance I'm
very clumsy I'm probably Paul probably
hurt myself anything is he gonna hurt me
hey I got a question for you why you a
clown so here's what I wanted to talk
about first of all I look great in this
color I found my new color orange is my
color Oh buddy moving on so as you know
I've been working out and I did a video
with one of the biggest Fitness social
media people if not the biggest bradley
martyn at his gym
zoo culture so in his vlog video
he showed me maxing out and finding my
max is on a bunch of different exercises
and the first one was benching I didn't
know this was a lot but I found out that
my max is 205 pounds when I put that up
in the video you can see I have skinny
arms my forearms not perfect and I
pumped it out one time Wow 205 every
single comment says there's no way he
can do 205 pounds untrained and never
benched before let me stir some stuff up
I might not have benched very much in my
life I've been a few times you've seen
it in some of my videos sometimes I'll
get into a workout little thing for like
a couple days or for a week so I have
this before but nothing heavy only like
just as a workout and I also know what a
push-up is I've done push-ups so 205 it
should not be that unbelievable let me
call my friend Brad real quick we gonna
settle this once and for all okay so I
need your help
bro I need your help in your video you
have a bunch of Fitness guys in my video
I don't have very much fitness people
they're just like super supportive
that's how those sapiens roll but your
guys in your video they're serious
they're Fitness Bros you know how many
comments you have under your video
are saying how does this noodle arm
little Asian kid bench 205 okay but it
definitely happened right yeah it was in
video I don't know why people don't
believe it it's in the video you see the
wait you don't have peak weights at your
gym right yeah yeah it's not a set it's
a real gym I got one more question yeah
so I've been hearing a lot about this
gasps I Jay Paul blow the whole thing
right and then I keep getting tweets all
I get is tweets about getting in the
fight and I'm like yo I'm not I'm not
gonna jump into their thing into their
drama but there is a such thing as the
luminary place I just want to know who
do you think would be a good match for
me to fight another youtuber boxing with
headgear middle courts of not dangerous
who would be a good match I got somebody
in mind and I want to see if you think
it would be a good a good fight and we'd
like raise money for charity or
something we both be fighting for a
charity I'm thinking the best match for
Alex Usagi would be Roman Atwood I feel
like we're both we're both the same
level pretty much same height I think
he's a little bit stronger than me he's
probably a little bit faster but I think
I could I could help I could beat up
yeah I think so okay then it's set I'm
calling out Roman Atwood right now you
and me preliminary fight for charity
let's go I don't know I mean I wouldn't
fight Logan or ksi because I've done
stuff with both of them and like we're
both cool but I think Roman would be
down and he would be like oh this is
like this is pretty even like I wouldn't
try to fight
you I wouldn't try to fight floozy I
wouldn't try to fight somebody crazy but
if it does become a thing if all my
wasabi UNS tweet out to roman and chaos
i'd be like yo set this up as a
preliminary fight would you train me
Roman and you train me it's odd it's
that boys and girls I'm challenging
Roman out woods
let's go I think he's down on down it'll
be the even match how does any match
between youtubers as a preliminary fight
- ksi and like Jake or Logan whoever he
decides to fight I think that's bad
that's the way to go now I'm about to go
hit the gym real quick I'm not gonna
shoot it because I gotta stay focused I
gotta have my mind in the game to train
for this fight that isn't official yet
but Roman I'm down if you down see you
guys in a second welcome to the end of
log talk I've got a bunch of things
coming at you it's gonna be on that
quickness so get ready first I want to
clarify that I have no problems at all
with Roman he's actually one of the best
guys I know super humble super motivated
just all-around dope but it also just so
happens that he's the best match for me
that I can think of if you can think of
a better match comment down below but I
think one-on-one going head to head that
would be the coolest ones like we would
probably go to the last round plus we're
very similar in that we both are two of
the most family-friendly channels on
YouTube and we both got that skinny
strong body type thing going on
saying I think it would be a fun thing
to do and it's for charity but he ain't
ready to catch these hands boy he ain't
ready to catch these head next thing
I've had a Facebook channel for ever and
ever and years and years and I never
posted on it while I started a couple
weeks ago I went through a bunch of my
youtube videos cut down my favorite
scenes of some of the deals from like
seven years ago years ago five years ago
Hayes went through and if I had a fond
memory of a video I cut it out go check
it out find out what my favorite moments
of my career were I am NOT a taco el
mapa burrito I am not smart I'm kind of
stupid no but it's okay cuz I'm super
cute though
the last thing the brand-new salmon
wasabi joggers are coming out at 3 p.m.
tomorrow get yours before it sells out I
was supposed to get it in the mail but
the Mail's not always dependable so
here's a picture of my three favorite
jars thanks for coming along on today's
adventures tomorrow you'll go find out
what I got Aaron for his birthday it's
gonna don't go I can't wait for him to
know and I can't wait to give it to see
you guys in the next vlog until then
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong okay bye
