I need to see what you think am i manly
do you think Alta sabi is manly would it
be what it Duke ja I got a tattoo okay
yeah cuz Lauren likes tattoos yeah
that's not on my butt gonna see it okay
why you don't like it it's not done yet
I still gotta throw it anymore
yeah it is look at her you like it what
about this arm okay I real I agree I
agree no tattoos that Lauren made me she
made me too I had no part in this okay
I'm gonna wash them off now okay bye say
goodbye tattoos you're the kids I give
them kisses before we find out the truth
we have to pause our mission and react
to some stuff on youtubers react others
have a mixture of emotions I don't know
what they're gonna show us it could be
scary it to be gross it could be nice
we're making moves on the mission we're
about to find the truth to find the
truth I needed a friend and I didn't
know where to go
who could I come over and give me the
coolest things and show me the cool
stuff and I miss them cuz moves and now
I'm ready bro this is an intense one Wow
are you ready no I'm just gonna tell you
well I got legit lie-detector tests and
I got some questions for you you ready
you can't lie on it at all have you
tried yeah yeah if I say is your name
Jack and you say yes it'll tell me that
you're lying
really yes my name is Jake you ready
like it nervous
so I'm gonna need people close to you I
need your help and we're gonna put the
questions in here I'll even say this is
your question that we got everybody
smells so hard this my friend is to
measure your heart rates I need that
I'm cool under all situations this will
measure the sweat increase when you lie
on your fingertips on line a little bit
and then I had to put this around you so
they can measure your breathing I'm just
gonna ask you some questions
you ready first question you good bro
yeah is there a special girl in your
life yeah yeah okay okay you can go
right there
this next question is not for me it's
from somebody that you know just so you
know okay here's what the question I was
worried about are you in love
take it okay in love is a big thing love
and in love is two separate things right
yeah these are interesting results these
are tantalizing would you ever date a
fan yes
do you love calling more than maverick
do you love your puppy more than your
bread no kagyu here that is rice come
your best friend no over there that's
Evan that was where are you the best
vlogger on YouTube yes that's
interesting you know anybody else that
vlogs is nearby in that close vicinity
whatever is cool do you have 3 billion
views on YouTube no oh that makes one of
us yeah yeah one day one day are you
jealous of your brother Jake in general
though I think there's only maybe two or
three more this is from your best friend
your roommate your compadre have you
ever had a sex dream about Evans that I
was enjoying that's wrong this last
question is a question I asked Lauren
and she lied straight to my face you
consider me manly she said yes science
says I need to see what you think
am i manly do you think Alta sabi is
manly yeah
it wasn't manly than ever okay the
machine has detected irregularities is
there anything you want to confess
before we look at the truth
you could be feted in sometimes like you
didn't have to go back to that question
okay you ready for the results I think
so bro this is great great question you
good bro you said yes science says
undetermined okay is there a special
girl in your life you say yeah says
truthful there is a special girl this is
the third question here we go this is
are you in love you said no and I said
it's a lie I love maverick I love Carla
my mom my dad my brother you know maybe
we should've been more specific next
time next time would you ever date a fan
you said yes this truthful major all
accurate so far
do you love Kong more than maverick you
said no faithful Wow Mavericks my god
where did umbrella bread is rice gum
your best friend no machine said
truthful truthful I'm a pretty I'm a
pretty honest guy bro I make it a point
are you the best blogger on YouTube you
said yes that's true it says it's
truthful say that you believe that you
are the best vlogger on YouTube I see a
question that says are you the best blog
around you do I see an answer yes and I
say truthfully yes this is true
you got me on that one do you have 3
billion views no and it's truthful are
you jealous of your brother Jake you
said no it said truthful like who dodged
a bullet
if I was lying on that whoever had a sex
dream about your roommate Evon
undetermined I love you bro I just don't
know if I've had a sex dream about now
this determines the future of our
friendship
it's a serious I want one person to
think I'm manly I would have expected
Lauren to say you're manly
Hey here we go
don't look don't look at already am i
manly Logan said yes you take me out but
you need to possibly admit your life
mission accomplished we did it comment
down below please let me put in the lie
detector net and i'ma hook it up no this
is nuts Oh bro you should do Jake and
now that the mission has been completed
we found the truth we exposed Logan Paul
it's time to relax I'm gonna do
something I haven't done in forever
because I've been traveling I've you
know my grind I've been going hard and
that is go to the movies but first we
need to drop this guy off at his
playdate you ready you're gonna get some
more exercise you're gonna make some fun
fun times with your best friend mr.
Cooper yeah okay have fun buddy we'll be
back in a couple hours
Cooper look yeah okay you guys have fun
we gots to go what were your thoughts on
the movie my favorite part is when I
almost ate crappy
Laurie almost fell in the theater
everybody saw but it's okay it was dark
they don't know who it was
they saw somebody took a horrid tumble
imagine we're sitting at seats and this
is the railing what do you do hopping
over it and then it's like it was nice
to get away after we finished our
mission I'm glad that we got to go to
movies and relax and do nothing and now
what we're gonna do if
the Moose be back hey moose go potty go
potty
good boy Hey
that tells strudel oh here's the poop
now hey you camel we're gonna walk to my
apartment and you better not sit down in
the middle of the walk because you're a
lazy butt heads we're not picking you up
you're walking the whole way you know
like you're Easy's why are you wearing
that wearing those I'll stretch my up
for you hey no Matt no no I almost fit
oh you're welcome
no no no do something about that
me and Mizzou over here I'll teach you
how to run from responsibilities like
this most not again mouths come on this
way this a quick run from responsibility
all right let mom do it come on
so I'm walking Lucy head lady takes off
running so I had to run could finally
catch up and I get to my place I
realized my phone fell out of my pocket
so I gave her my camera and I took off
running I took her phone so I could call
my phone and I just talked to a guy he
said he has my phone and he wants to
return it to me because good people
exist in this world he could have just
taken off I never see him again
yes thank you so much oh good people
exist here I'll give you all the money
my wallet is it thank you
thank you so much no no yeah I want you
to have it you saved my life my phone is
like a huge thing thank you sir
thank you oh it's such a relief if you
have a phone you know how much of a
relief this is aa good guy that guy now
back to the regularly scheduled
programming oh not cool bro not cool
most come on you can't walk through guys
there you go good boy that was I can't
believe that guy found my phone rode
away I called the phone about three
times he finally answered hello hey I
lost my phone did you find it yeah I
thought I got lucky but where are you at
I'll head back and give it to you what
are the odds that a nice guy found it
not only did a nice guy find it he wrote
back three block me with me and give it
back to me not expecting anything in
return
good bye track good people enough of the
mushy gushy stuff now what you all want
to know who is bro bro is a guy that I
met at the airport he joined me for camp
and filmed for me so he'd come to camp
for free we bonded it was good times and
then I found out he lived in LA he
actually just texted me let me know that
he quit his job and he's going to be
filming for me all the time pretty much
all the time or a lot of it time and I
know you guys want to know who he is but
I can't reveal that to you because it is
not my choice if it were up to me I
would have him in the vlogs I would love
to have him in the vlogs I don't know
why he doesn't want to be in the vlogs
but he has his reasons and we just met
so I'm not gonna push him to do anything
he doesn't want to do but I know how bad
you guys want to meet him
because of the comments and the tweets
I've been getting hashtag who is broke
who is bro it's starting to become a
popular thing with you guys you wasabi
on tomorrow
I'm gonna bring it up again and see if
he's down to be like in the vlogs and
not just in my real life and that's all
I got for you guys today so I'll see you
on the next vlog and until then don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing your own okay bye
