what it is would it be what it do Joe as
you know yesterday's vlog I said that I
was gonna get a tattoo today okay
I am gonna get a tattoo eventually I got
some cold feet there's something I have
to do before I get a tattoo so I have
some friends coming over for what I'm
about to do I need to shave my body
they're here already oh I forgot you're
coming in bro I need you I need you you
have to do this one you got it all right
I'm trusting you against the grain
against the grain well be careful be
careful be careful be careful my wenis
don't cut my wenis wait don't hey we
missed means the back of your elbow the
skin on your elbow okay get your handgun
good this is bro Oh bro that's good bro
how's it going we're not actually
getting real tattoos or getting
something else to prepare for the real
tattoos where I thought we were getting
real
oh brother eventually eventually yes
I'll privacy like I'm sorry we're not
getting the real set down bro I was
really looking forward to it it's almost
free too and I want to try to pay we're
gonna do it eventually about matching
tattoos okay okay in preparation for the
real tattoos then we're gonna get
eventually I have my friends so makeup
artists coming through with fake tattoos
galore look at the corner copious
amounts of fake tattoos are going to put
on I'm going hard and I just you'll just
see it when it's done process is about
to begin and I'm a little scared it's
gonna hurt but I trust you is it gonna
hurt
we Inc dump it up knock down now these
are not real tattoos but I want to get
some in the future and I got to see how
my family those lobby ends react in
person so came to mom let's do it
Oh
Oh
baby
she said that's me
yeah what's on this jacket
that's right looks like tattoo Alex
likes ice cream too I need you to let me
know so go to my Twitter and respond and
let me know we maybe just like it one
where get it what I should get let me
know go go go all right bro I think
that's all I need for today I like the
rhythm
I like the vibes I'm getting from you
have good vibes just keep it going I'll
heat you up next I need somebody to hold
my camera I'm gonna show them bro guys I
tried to help you yo man I'm pretty sure
more people said they liked mine yeah
it's okay man not everybody was made for
tats
oh I tested it out it's pretty cool
I mean it's so cliche every is literally
you're you're wearing a mean version of
attaching cliches everything but this is
my favorite male what is it that the
dragon what does the dragon make what
sound does dragon make I know
pacifier sorry what'd you think like you
should I get it for real which one would
you get through if you really I don't
know I like the drag and I like the
dragon but I wouldn't do it in the cash
what why what what's that - do you like
me - buddy meat oh we got a few people
over not to just see my dope new tattoos
but because I have yet another surprise
for Lord but this was more of a group
effort she's coming over right now
thinking she's coming to watch the fight
not knowing that she's also going to
celebrate her birthday once again in LA
because we weren't around with our
friends earlier but now he is we were
the family before but now we were
friends it's gonna be dope she's on the
way oh and she hasn't seen my tats yet
Lana walnut and balloons my
wanna wanna down okay up a little bit up
a little bit more more MORE and there
yes I do it all of them what we got to
see what Lauren says first that's a
commitment Lauren's mad at me she called
me at 7:00 and asked if she could come
over early and I said you have to come
over at 8:00 but she doesn't know why
and she said are people there and for
some reason my brain didn't work and I
said yes there are already people here
and she said why can't I come I
responded it's not your destiny and she
hung up click and then she texted me and
said should I sleep over tonight or is
that not my destiny either which I
responded with don't be mad I love you
please sleep over tonight
so hopefully this cheers her up it is
currently 806 she was supposed to be
here at 8:00 this indicates to me by my
calculations that Lauren is upset Oh
which is making moves everybody get
ready
were you mad anything over yeah I told
us I think she's mad all right who's
gonna win what you're pronouncing the
burger wrong he wants to take them down
so bad back take both of them I got more
tattoos it really just depends who has
the most tattoos
welcome to the end of vlog talk can I
keep the tattoos down yeah can I get
real ones maybe which one do you like
the best
I feel like none of them really suit you
that much that's a dragon
where's the head of a dragon it's on my
ankle oh my calf
oh I didn't see that one what I really
do want to get a tattoo you have three
right so I need to catch up I need to
get one but I don't know what to get or
where to get one so tweet me
I liked rasathi and let me know send me
pictures send me what you think would
fit on me where I should get it I might
pick one of your guys's to be my first
tack to ever feel like there should be a
personal decision
it is wasabi it's a personal they're
gonna help me okay oh I've tattooed pain
doesn't affect me anymore oh I gotta go
wash ease off but first I'm gonna call
my mom at the beginning of tomorrow's
vlog and then watch the wall and let's
see what she says I'm gonna die she has
good diet I hope she doesn't cry that's
all I got for you guys today
make sure to come back tomorrow my mom's
reaction and I have found another victim
hey you guys might know who he is
find out tomorrow do me a favor don't
forget to subscribe don't forget to like
this one and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
you
