what is would it be would it - Joe we're
here from the lab stick and it's filled
it as you can see I am on Team I'm red
I'm going to get these guys they're
gonna last all day and then what's gonna
card Green Green going down the main
all-star all-time quarterback best
player on the team a couple of boys
Simpson here hey listen it means a meter
meters that says me okay that's it
tone it down that's to me I told you
guys that I had a huge announcement I
wanted to explain to you today and this
guy is the main reason for the huge
announcement yesterday I met him and
I've been talking about I'm going to
camp but I never said come to camp to
see me because I wasn't gonna be here
all week I was only here for two or
three days so I was like I don't think
anyone's gonna be here and then he shows
up and he's the biggest wasabi in ever
and he came from Maryland not only did
he come here he's got in him God play
they brought him here they left him here
and he's having the time of his life I
didn't realize how hard those soybeans
showed support and love until I met
Samson and I was like wow it's my turn
to show love and support back after
seeing all this go down I decided next
year I'm having my own camp
I'm gonna fly you out you better be
there yeah all right deal let's go beat
the gross yellow team the blue team and
I'm crazy and gross
ready
what place would you give to your team
and include speeches of this race
thank you guys for having me so much I
have to go catch my plane yeah but I
have a lot of fun and I definitely would
come back next year I kind of want to do
my own camp would you guys come
subscribe like this
okay thank you
bro this is an epic adventure this is
where we split ways you came you saw you
conquered you did the tasks I asked you
to do you filmed for me every second at
camp I'm there Billy camp you've never
been to camp we shared a moment we
bonded but bro this is a summer we part
ways I got to go home you then I go home
I don't even know your real name but I
just want to thank you and wish you
success and all your future endeavors I
hope you cross paths again until next
time okay man I'll see you please play
smaller items under the seat in front of
you and larger items in the overhead
bins above your brother wait wait wait
let me stick it you're going to Los
Angeles oh wait do you you live in Los
Angles I live in Los Angeles Megiddo
really Oh bro do you have a job what do
you like your job
are you down to quit your job and work
for me
my house is a hangout spot and like your
friends it suppose probably a lot of
people here so get ready to meet some
people
Lauren so I'm gonna make it big TSS
this is bro bro these gummy and moose
this is moose and this is got son nephew
my brother is basically me but like
three inches alright I got somebody I
need you oh there you are
oh okay bro who's this meat bro he's
gonna be helping me a new captain yeah
yeah Lauren I got you something you make
me a matching bracelet I can't you did
I'll tell moose and I'll tell moose you
don't know if I got you one or not yet
I'm gonna tell moose and this will tell
you I don't wanna be the messenger our
mothers had telepathy tells me
no he has to whisper to you in your ear
hole why are you whispering
What did he say what did we say III I'm
sorry but I got you something else I got
you something else you want it tomorrow
it's too late we got to put our son to
sleep so tomorrow you can have your
present guffy we talked about this
you can't snore while you're awake it's
weird it's throwing us off he woke up
yeah take Friday off and we'll figure
out this whole hurt mission thing
pearl look bro let go bro bro stop after
travelling for the last three weeks if
you're new to the vlog I was in London
then I was in LA for a day then I went
to Canada then I went to New York then I
went to Connecticut for camp then I went
back to New York then I went to LA and
I'm back home I'm in my bed is my bed
this is my little trench I've built out
of years and sweat and blood and tears
put into man hours of napping and I'm
not trying to go anywhere for a while
but now I'm back home and it's time to
turn these vlogs on in the last vlog I
had a 24 hour 20% discount on all items
in the Alex Lobby comstor you guys went
crazy a lot of things are almost sold
out but I'm gonna restock them because
very soon I'm gonna be hitting another
million
on a platform called Twitter I'm super
close right now when that happened not
only will you get a 24-hour 20% discount
once again I will be releasing a brand
new item just for you that means you
could be the first one to see it the
first one to have it and one of the
first ones to have it for 20% off can't
wait to reveal that to you I'm not even
gonna show you I'm just gonna tell you
what's in the store and you go check it
out okay I might show you you know what
I'm gonna show you in the vlog but still
now let's go back to Samson remember
this guy he is the reason that I am
having a camp next year hopefully he
demonstrated the support and love that
you guys show by showing up to camp on
his own the only Mesabi in' that came
there specifically for me even when I
didn't say come he went out of his way
and that's on that dope dough that's why
I'm gonna do everything I can to have a
camp to show you guys my appreciation
and love towards you I know I said this
in the vlog already but you can't hear
it again so next year be aware I'm
trying to have a camp and I'm trying to
have all you guys there because see you
tomorrow do me a favor subscribe like
this vlog and don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye
