 you blow it and let go bro can't
just be popping out like that come on we
talked about this what it is would it be
what it - duh
let's get the day started
press activity of the day we are going
into the archery range are you gonna
retreat or are you gonna retreat long
time
Wow let me show you how in the archer
master we shall shoot them and they
shall splatter and I will prove to the
world that I am the archer appeal really
this bow is for little people and this
one is for the adults about the puppets
blue and silver first try first try I
hit my face - I was just playing around
I'll try and lower your expectation now
what's this this one's for you Barney
wasn't for me I tried my hardest though
our tree wasn't my thing so it's time
did you win the circus
one more try
the South has been here too on the pink
cool I'm the backup I'll be back
that's why God do you can literally do
anything as long as you don't stop the
key to lie is consistency and
persistence this is a little bit of
wasabi wisdom whether you're new to this
channel or you've been here for the
entire 11 years I've been making video
there is a playlist that is top of the
top I'm talking back to back banger and
that playlist is wasabi must-watch
playlist I just went through this
morning and updated it all I went
through all my videos I have my favorite
vlogs in their videos the most
action-packed videos the most viewed
videos the top of the top if you guys
wanna watch it go to a playlist what's
the first one and they'll automatically
play all the way through and let me know
what you think I promise you're not even
gonna want to skip one video bangers bro
this has been a quite an eventful day or
tree circus now it's time to take a nap
I'm tired I'll see you guys later
huh I need a partner I think so like
maybe he can help you look
let's go say hi to some campers
welcome to the end of vlog talk
something crazy happened I didn't film I
made this decision on the spot soon as
it happened I was like done it's
happening I'm gonna hopefully announce
it tomorrow I get it approved explain it
you'll find out tomorrow but I'm super
excited about it
trust me I know every youtuber says that
but this one really crazy okay last
thing before I guess you know the past
24 hours I have had a 20% discount going
on at my merch store at Luxor saw b.com
because I was celebrating us hitting 9
million subscribers and as you know
every time I hit a million on any
platform I give that 20% discount there
a bear and guess what just happen
we just hit 3 million followers on
Instagram so that means another 20%
discount right now 24 hours from right
now 20% discount at access lobby dot-com
for all my March everything all items
included all you have to do is use this
discount code alex ig3 and go to my
website click on discount enter the code
and there you have it 20% off go now
where it says Ozzy's gonna happen on
that soon that's all I got for you guys
today see you tomorrow on my last day of
can until then do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong I'm gonna be so
sad if there's a bear out here
