it's a puppet it's a puppy day it's a
perfect day it's Tuesday no it's puppet
day hey what it is would it be what it
doop dog better go to camp but I'll see
you in like three days and then you can
fight anymore
I'm gonna miss you at it are you gonna
miss me I gotta go to camp but I'll see
you in three days no off to the park
it's about to go down it's all green
then don't go get it get it go hey it's
impressive even in the dog world that
means we can't do another twenty percent
discount on everything in the absence of
e.com merch store tomorrow goodbye Lucy
was he had my mom DIY and to you
tomorrow new discount code seen 20% off
turns out my flight was delayed I'm
going to the JFK Airport in New York
that's my flight number that's what I
was supposed to be and this is when I'm
supposedly leaving
playing three eight one eight two JFK is
now boarding
after being delayed for three hours then
sitting on the plane before takeoff for
two hours and having a baby cry for the
entire flight and I can finally go to my
first camp ever I'm just so tired arms
tired I can't even hold up the camera
anymore excuse me have you ever been to
camp before no you want to go to camp
you can go for free if you hold my camp
before me the whole time yeah you don't
talk very much do you this would be my
first time too so don't be worried it
could be a lot of fun you and me we're
gonna bond we're gonna get to know each
other maybe you can get a little bit
more oh cool we'll figure it out right
now we got to go to camp driver sir
how far is camp about two and a half
hours my knee
we made it 3 a.m. in the morning
and this all 22 you won't work right
where does he have a room I'm gonna call
you bro the second okay get on the bed
see how you like it
how's it feel it's good just some sleep
I'll see you in the morning
come back later bro we're gonna get on
six can't be getting up this early tired
but where I can't
time for some nature walking world is
nature walk and it's too early for the
stuff water you got natured you got
fresh air
you got bears a lot of berries but the
Salaam endures
oh don't go now all you don't know the
words in their head touch it is
poisonous but I want to be your friend
here we go come on he's like my brother
don't don't make me leave my brother I
got you oh I will raise you up I keep
you as my own I use your brother and
then I'll leave you loaded I promise
there you go hey don't go in that hole
we already went over this nature walk
complete now let's go meet the campers
it's breakfast time first we got to wake
up some of the other counselors wait
real quick can you just go home yeah
okay okay all right thank you
are you really going to breakfast yeah
well I have to eat have you said hi to
any children yet no this is gonna be our
first time I want a nature walk earlier
I got here at 2:30 in nature
we have a very exciting guest today
remember never been to camp so I'm super
excited I remember when to stop and I'm
going to need your guys's help because I
have
like a bracelet reliever so if I need
help making bracelets
cool I don't know if I'm gonna be able
to do all this it should be this is Alex
number one and he said I could be Alex
everyone this is number two you did not
be there you ready ty ty wait I have to
do that doesn't you want me to do oh man
you're scared
yeah I'm very scared of heights so if I
do it you're gonna do it yeah you
promise yeah
pinkie promise okay firing kids it's
what we do out here if I don't make it
you can be out number one okay
I try
oh this is it
but Fabio clean I sure hope there's no
drama you to be our engaged
Oh ready steady spaghetti go
Oh
thank you did it we did it strenuous but
exciting Tyler you know what time it is
I know that there's bugs I learn oh
those puppies what they don't know those
puppies these are the biggest puppies
I've ever seen okay all right I gave
birth to a bad case of the floppy Paul
is there but nice Oh clapping so floppy
everything's flaps on you oh it's a
puppy it's a puppy day it's a perfect
day it's Tuesday no it's puppy day hey
hey all right thanks guys it's me my
name presents for coming to camp yeah
wallet and let go
now for you've all been waiting for
hey well what is that though I ain't
know back to business as you know we hit
nine million subscribers on that super
recent recent dog that means 20 percent
discount on every single thing in the
algae's Abhi's store at algaecide beak
on every single item of merch is 20% off
and here's how the discount works go to
Alex asabi dot-com click on discount
answer in the discount code and bam
everything 20% off and the code for the
next 24 hours is wasabi 9 and there you
have it that's the code for the next 24
hours since this vlog went up there will
be a 20% discount in the store go go go
go go go go go go go go go get your
merch before it all sells out go tell a
friend go tweet out the code tell your
parents that the merch that they didn't
want to hook you up with is now cheaper
than it's ever been before for a limited
time only get your friends something get
you mama something get you Papa
something and rep with me let's go as
you might have noticed I'm rebranded and
I'm rebranded whore I got new intro I
got new music I got a new channel banner
I got a new watermark I got a new end
card I even got a new Twitter pattern if
you're not following me on there go
check it out that's where you get all
the updates first that's right we all
about that new news the reason for the
rebranding is because I feel like I've
been slacking I haven't been given
YouTube my hundred percent I need to
give my daily vlogs the attention they
deserve so today that all changes hi
alex wasabi I'm going to go harder than
I've ever gone to fool
so make sure to subscribe hit that
notification bell like every blog come
back every day see what adventures we
get into and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
