did you wash your hands with soap hey
you feel like the poopoo kachou why you
feel like a poo poo couch oh I know what
will make you feel better
same with this little tops feel better
yet no okay
you feel better now please kids let many
more oh people better okay good yeah
okay hold on
yeah okay hold on let me pull what I'm
out
ah well we're ready Oh squeeze it down
you're kissing
he's now probably one more trip oh it's
working
Oh coming up did you wash your hands
with soap you know how I know you did it
laughter ah I knew it you're nasty ah ah
don't turn it along and nasty do it
watch them watch your poopy hands
hey watch them it's not like I touched
my smooth with my hands you probably did
know why yeah without the hit that
Kenyatta door were you about to hit that
pinata
no you had a good life my friend but
it's your time to go large your birthday
pinata time hurry time to destroy
Stuart's pants hole
are you ready kill story take time it is
the yearly cottage tradition that we hit
a pinata for Lauren's birthday even
though it's already past it's got to
happen
gogo whoa
game over problem-solving at its finest
here we go the upside down it's okay we
good bro we got you don't worry zero you
already ruined the day here we go Oh No
Hey oh right now face
you got your baggie yeah okay got my
baggy too already I'll just push people
all the way and you collect all the
candy yeah teamwork two marks oh yeah ah
you get the rope hold on walk yes Oh Oh
boom no hugging no hugging no hugging
haha don't swing don't swing
oh yeah
oh oh yeah oh yeah please excuse me
excuse me excuse me the girl said oh the
cops busy busy oh yeah yeah oh he live
he live man Stuart's been working out
and he got a piercing of some sort
hey team Lord for the word oh can I get
it no no no not the Tootsie Pop no not
the red one now we're getting Lizzie for
lunch we eat him porridge
oh it's a Melissa Melissa had aa big
stretch yeah yeah it's like Lauren yeah
stay down Ruth don't make any sudden
movements play dead play dead move hurry
it's their only hope this is what a 15
pound dog looks like compared to 150
pound dog and that's a key oh say by
moose do you know how to speak bear why
are you saluting boot is when they've
had their back legs like this yeah super
scoot moves you ready to go in the bar
mooses a little nervous about being in
the water so we think if we put him in
the boat and surround him with water and
he sees that he's safe but he'll be okay
but lower and things we're going to flip
don't wear plus I'm just putting my
phone up on bags just in case
well I'm bringing my phone and I'm not
putting it back because that's how sure
I am that we're not going to slip moment
where you possibly come back and not
major regret in your life
all right let's go guys leash a bag for
the camera so Stan doesn't get in it and
be ready to go
you're not let me put it in the water
first yeah oh if you tighten this thing
excited okay here we go now don't flip
without cameras oh god oh god moose wait
you'll own the water sound and you love
the water boat and you love being in the
water let them go ha ha ha do you really
want to do these super ones do let him
think you understand yeah it does get in
there buddy
oh ha ha okay what's great oh the shore
you can jump outfit going on auntie em
auntie who is a DIY okay go yeah okay go
go go get geared call Lauren bye bye
well you're gonna lop out that ball
you're gonna go I can't I can't get you
you gotta you gotta paddle you got
you're a better place I I can only walk
so fast in the water
there we go
I'm just trying to teach our boy how to
be a man okay you're trying to keep him
a baby I'm trying to make him into a man
kid not a baby
are you ready to leave the cottage in
the woods and go into civilization
cuz it's dinnertime a boy wait he's not
coming oh never mind I'm sorry I didn't
mean to get your hopes up I'm sorry I
forgot that he I keep forgetting you the
dog he's not human I keep thinking he's
our son cut stop by the grocery store to
read up on some things that were
necessary like macaroni and cheese and
I'm in the K oh I don't like how I don't
recognize these candies what is this
what is what this is not what is this
what is this what is that I I just I
this is confusing and it makes my brain
hurt where am i right now
no what is Maynard whine get what swine
go Lauren I don't see any of my my
brands I grew up with pour the freezie
pops Oh
some good old-fashioned Smarties boy
what is a Smarties and flossers know the
world is flipped turned upside down you
betrayed me Smarties no back to God
three two one
I'm missing ah hi Sam listen looking at
did you miss us mr. dinner wasn't that
good you didn't miss anything don't
worry
hey Josh doesn't can't keep something if
our things I ask of them are you a moose
or a camel
laurdiy mom DIY Alex wasabi I think I
got more than both of you combined
challenge accepted okay let's go I'll
even know if my son is big enough to
this what we gonna find out
macaroni well I have you forsaken me get
them did hey I asked for double the
amount you guys got your mind made me
four times the amount it are you gonna
eat that
not you're gonna get it are you gonna is
that not gonna ever any of it are you
going about no yeah yeah moose that's a
macaroni enchanted by a lien it look at
the default talk it's super early in the
morning cuz we're leaving the guys we
are almost at nine million subscribers
super close actually by the time this
comes out we might have already hit nine
million subscribers and when we do it
means in the next vlog I will be giving
you guys instructions on how to get 20%
off of every single thing every single
item every single article of emerge in
the alcazaba comm store and don't forget
that happens anytime at a million on
anything from about a million on Twitter
about it three billion YouTube views and
about hit three million on Instagram
my prediction nine million you too
then three million on Instagram I think
the next day probably maybe possibly
kinda-sorta
then Twitter gonna be popping and then
we bout to hit that three billion view
more do do I know you're all wondering
what did you get Lauren for her birthday
don't worry I'm gonna hook you what's
more info in tomorrow's vlog I can't
wait you had to find out what it is
they're gonna be so excited to come
along for the ride and Lauren do you
think it's better
last year's Disneyland Paris surprise
birthday adventure we're definitely
going upside out right I can't tell you
do you do yes be really yeah one more
day at the cottage
two more days in Canada and then I'm
going to camp for the first time ever
until then don't forget to subscribe
don't forget to like this one and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye suppose
an elbow or knee on lifetime
as well
