what doesn't 185 surely there Oh hundred
what it is would it be what it do duh
I'm babysitting dad what is this give it
to me really leave it leave it you're so
there you go I just want suit it is wait
say it
oh it's monkey okay boys a good boy for
you yesterday I made a life decision
that I am not slacking off and that guys
come on and that starts right now
after breakfast gets here minutes gone
oh it's game time I ordered a huge
breakfast because in order to gain
muscles or as Lauren likes to say
muscles you need to feed them you can't
make more body without the fuel
necessary so imma get it and then I'm
gonna go to the gym and I'm good oh no
here we go like that
so plan today or the gym I am coming for
my first workout out of 120 because it's
for months so this is the first one and
today I'm gonna find out for my maxes my
mag squat my max bench my max deadlift
and my vert jump so for months I could
check again and see how much I beat it
by if I beat is 185 during their 45 45
45 that's 135 plus 50 oh that's a 185
and you can do that yeah you too much
babe you big dude I can do it I can do
it okay oh yeah choo choo choo choo choo
choo I know this game time the most I've
ever looked at in my life is 215 I'm
trying to go for like what do you say I
can do it for months if my max like
right now like cool fiber yeah yeah how
many months for trot you really train
that's a 95-pound increase like I didn't
do this
you already surprised me did you already
surprise yourself did you actually train
that's like my like once a week train
I'm talking about train every day okay
300 yeah you got this brought also
mornings is that bodybuilders make it
grow yeah not but like more serious let
go I told you everybody here like I tell
you but I don't think you do more than
that right well five we got the bitch
back
you are taller so I'm at seven okay
that's seven
okay ready for my next thing you have to
do this yeah
whopper oh yeah I'm gonna sign on that
Wow well that was easy these we do want
to go up a little bit yes okay so
apparently Bradley Martin thinks that I
can go up 50 more pounds and this might
be my max I don't even know I could do
this yeah well I'm not gonna do this one
like it
Alex said all those are chin-ups no
they're not pull those let's go
you surprised me though oh wait five
sounds good thirty that's a lot first
workout slash max out complete so I got
205 on bench 195 squad deadlift unsure
because my form was so bad something I
really need to work on and 11 and a half
pull-ups let's see how much I can beat
those by at four months guys yeah I have
started journey to success I'm gonna
make myself better so everything else
follows if you work on yourself the
universe will will follow right right so
I got a question real quick dome today I
checked my maxes that means the most I
can do one time at the gym how much do
you think was my max bench how much
could I push up off my chest
170 it's 205 boy yeah I did I picked it
up it's been forever that's just my
natural strength boy what about that
squat like hey buddy
surpassing expectations at the store
let's go also at the end of this vlog
I'm gonna take my shirt off for the last
time for the next four months I don't
take my shirt off in vlogs on purpose
but sometimes I don't have a shirt on
because I've been living that thug life
but I'm keeping it on no matter what
even if I accidentally vlog it I'm
cutting it cuz you guys are gonna be
surprised at the end question
oh no I'm doing my long journey you can
jump on if you want but if you fail i'ma
keep going is this motivation what's
happening what's happening here I'm sure
you're all wondering why I gathered you
here
because it's time to tell you what
Aaron's birthday present is you ready
just kidding I can't tell you it's cuz
it's from me and Lauren so get the wait
until Lauren gets here and then we could
tell you but it's on that doped-up I can
tell you you want to know okay telephone
and then don't tell them wait she can
read your mind right oh we can't tell
you if we tell you she's gonna know nope
but be quiet oh yeah you can't tell her
she's gonna know have you ever thought
the same thing at the same time have you
have to tell me without smiling that she
can't read your mind
okay you say it did no smiling okay we
can tell they're okay just to be clear
since we're playing telephone it could
have gotten misconstrued throughout this
oh my gosh this is too long you guys
have added so much to this present okay
now let me hear what JP thinks it is oh
my gosh
no okay stop trying to guess you'll find
out tomorrow I know she's gonna tell you
no because tomorrow this wait just we're
just way up no no no how about I just
push your head
mr. Sawyer heads
your husband's question we tell Aaron
its birthday president let me think let
me think
no no wait till tomorrow's vlog mousse
make sure you don't tell Aaron what his
birthday president is okay mousse don't
tell him don't tell him mousse don't
most don't tell him I'm serious no he
didn't tell you he wouldn't do that to
me did you tell him moze moze did you
tell him good he said he didn't tell you
liar earlier I went to Zoo I worked out
but I didn't really work out I just
checked my maxes to see what I was
capable of so I could compare them to my
results and four months this year is
gonna be my year 2018 my excuse was
always I'd a leave look I can't work out
I'm always too tired from daily vlogging
well no more 2018 I'm coming for you and
it starts right
first workout complete 119 more to go
but I'm going to show you guys what I
look like shirtless and then this is
gonna be the very last time you see me
journalist before you see all the
progress for the next four months as you
can see I've got a little bit of muscle
but nowhere near what I want to be this
is it is the what I'm at this is where
it starts this is the foundation I work
it with fully flexed and this is what it
looks like when I'm not flexing and this
is what I look like when I push out
oh no not as flattering is it but don't
worry cuz I'm going hard
we got time we're gonna do this you got
this guys is my ear argued that I got
one more thing to teach you guys with
and that means it's time to kind of walk
let me explain the title of this vlog i
titled it when my life changed forever
the thumbnail I put up is when I was in
the best shape of my life I did a
workout program and that was the best
day of my life but it wasn't like a
bulking and I looked great super healthy
but I think I can beat that
and I want side this time for the next
month until I go to the Philippines I'm
gonna be working out saw on the montage
that I wasn't lifting super heavy
weights because I'm just trying to get
my body used to all the all the
heaviness all the gravity that I'm gonna
be leading up to but as soon as I get
back from the Philippines it's time for
sighs I'm gonna be lifting super heavy
every day just a little bit more eating
as much as my stomach can handle and
just trying to just you know I'm not
gonna bore you guys with workout stuff
every single day I'm not gonna make a
workout montage every single day but I
will keep you guys updated also because
this is kind of like a personal journey
I need to prove to myself that I can do
anything that I can remain consistent I
can stay motivated and this is just
three months of my life I can do this I
prove to myself that I can do anything
that's all I got for you guys today oh
wait one more thing brand new wasabi
joggers are coming out on Saturday
Saturday 3 p.m.
brand new joggers I'm gonna debut them
in tomorrow's vlog hopefully if they get
here soon enough in the mail but they on
that dope dope also come back tomorrow
to find out the best birthday president
any brother has gotten his brother until
then don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it ok bye
