what did would be would it do so today
is a crazy experiment and when I do
crazy experiments I need help so I
brought in going to us and dr. this is
my friend Josh and he's going to help me
do something
sulfur hexafluoride business model but
it is the opposite of helium you
probably already can help helium at some
point in your life and it making point
super high this one makes it
ridiculously like just wait there for
them yeah
but today we're not going to be an
illness so this gas heavier than air we
can fill this up as a gas will stay in
there and not come out and it's
invisible too I'll hold it you three sit
how do you know when it's done maybe we
should like make a little bowl and what
are you living in there deep it towards
our is giving it
one more balloon boy maybe the other
ones could be good something I think you
think of them yes let's do it whoa what
are you a tango - we go oh nothing up
here what you know what is not not here
sir this is more here it is making it I
think that's why this is not floating
customs too small that's crazy
Wow one big one general we actually save
yourself this is cool I've been wanting
to get that God for so long where'd you
find it ready but doesn't even want to
walk out let's go
I can deal with this God doesn't just
get out door hey yeah Table one let's
find out there you go can you do it now
oh this is a little patient wine
beautiful kinky below its father through
here this there is no way I predict it's
not gonna hold it just going to take
down to the touch
okay Ziggy you float you're bleeding you
oh you filthy thingy for tournament this
will be our final test I have a little
coil here okay and we're going to build
some both what do you mean both we're
gonna we're going to build a moat and
see to be put there both the best made
of women oil and women contingent even
flow there's no way this is going to
work
whoa shut filthy leave in order to avoid
ramming another work of Port I have no
idea what I'm doing
if I using too much you gotta break it
I'm going like a big one bigger but it
wouldn't even float in the water
Heather well master boat right here
you can't heat this boat just a
handcrafted can yours withstand with
Matt stuff oh I put my soul into it and
you just saw in my dream whether we can
enjoy a good idea I should be cool oh
yeah okay I guarantee you my board is
not against us much of human material
what the chance
my strategy is cousin victorious because
if that it I feel like a taking of water
I'm going to think somewhat as long as
it's not going overboard and accustomed
to here I think mines gonna Wendell I
have less material I'm more buoyant
what I do like
have enough wood and my gosh okay
you go free ha okay here we go
it is too heavy it's my primary yep the
government get smaller
come on don't tell me like the came
right after the readjustment we have
results three modifies our votes and now
misophonia still the sale probably so I
think we're both gonna fail
ooh - poopy ah policy sizzling look look
oh yeah once it wants to whatever I put
it this way will it look like oh oh it
was and we need teamwork we shouldn't
fight anymore no more we work together
as allies we need more gas oh oh wow
here you light up so whole this is an
actual vote maybe this'll work we had to
do a lot of upgrades the gas is getting
through this house we have to put this
hard cardboard box on top to keep it in
and the Edit is to so we can officially
put it in to the side right here wait
this is going to work right this is
gonna walk the show
no fail
another way oh let us join up do it up
not stink you picked up whoa this is
awesome
all right persistence make it like both
looking like a bull not square so now I
would inhale this to show you how deep
it makes your voice but I promised my
friend wrong outlook and I wouldn't do
it without him so I'm going to wait and
then the next vid okay we do a lot of
experiments and it was really cool there
was fun but just a little bit come on
flip it I can't do it you feel I made a
promise
I look just a little cigar secure than
it is worked another ski broom that's
all the government guys today make sure
to subscribe like this body you feel
like right near us for coming by and
helping me out with this experiment I
feel the light in it and don't worry to
remember if you're not smiling
doing it wrong okay bye always an elbow
or a knee on my side
Oh
