what is this what it is would it be what
it do Joe are you ready for the funnest
birthday ever starting with the park
hold on you gotta wait for mommy before
you jump into all the excitement hey not
yet not yet wait for mommy mom gave you
birth so you wait you didn't give him
Burt Explorer first time on mulch
complete he's gonna have a lot of first
time today he said guys there's a ghost
on that swing over there there's a ghost
has he met a geese I heard he's Canadian
geese are vicious oh here we go moose
I'm like Mufasa and your symbol I teach
you how to pounce like this you gotta
tiptoe like this amazing having a fish
hey ducks Wow someone have blue feathers
sort of a pink fellas Sameer ducky ducky
ducky ducky I tried to get the ducks
over here for you but they don't seem to
be in the plan with little moose ehed
mood most you scared the duck Oh your
hunting instincts kicking in yeah oh
don't eat duck poo you eat poop Lord's a
kiss you later the lone zinc is me later
then I'm going to throw up on Lauren
later it's gonna be a whole chain of
events no poop this is one of the great
lakes this is like Ontario Ontario utter
reo how do you say it
whoa you guys are a smart girlfriend and
girlfriend mom okay we'll be right back
don't turn allowed in so mom and dad are
going on a little trip through the
petting zoo
snick bunny how do we get to come out
can you do a bunny call folks please one
more one more
look at that guy I think he's sleeping
are you sleeping whoa his face is like a
butt
back back back back so many ice cream
flavor are you could take a pound of
your favorite ice cream home what is
this hey we're good oh is it time to
expose your childhood pictures to the
world honestly our cute kid I got
nothing to hide Oh we'll see about that
oh one of the many presents your parents
got you and now it's not time for you to
know mine yet but you think you know you
want to know okay yeah I'll text it to
you guys I'll tell you today just not
yet
you ready you better not try to guess
too hard and you see a bunch of
questions you can't say yes or no three
two one send it's the only one of its
kind good that's truck eating ha ha ha
ha ha it's unique that's a good one in a
good way in a good way did you need I'm
trying to decide if I should tell her
today or if I should just show her I
just show up with her hey September ha
ha ha hey flash j+ how many classes you
have you had in your school life like do
now I have free yeah no no not our I was
watching recess an ancient did you well
no common tropes is that for everybody
for Laura's birthday we're going to the
number one Japanese restaurant in the
whole world and please confirm that this
restaurant is named Japanese restaurant
yeah it is doing Japanese restaurant
O'Hara
no it's called Japanese restaurant apart
there it's like an actual health
the bathrooms upstairs and Lauren says
it's haunted
guys there's a ghost on that swing over
there I don't know she's messing with me
it's not haunted come okay hi what's
your name
do you like my name oh you do okay I
like your name - okay oh it's great
trajectory for like chords like Pow Wow
already get so tan I don't think you can
I think maybe you squat and I'll put on
top of you you ready
whoa yup your hands up I think whoa
Florence my Florence Wow okay there you
go oh you like it okay don't do that is
it time to find out you ready yeah I'm
going to tell you you can wait it so
long let's sit down I think we got it
done I don't want you passed out or
anything I yeah I'm taking you okay
to where hahaha prestigious
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
whoa for a Baba yeah I need you thank
you thank you would be you in your pink
nose you're welcome
Samia and moose are going on an
adventure
well me you moose and his long nose all
four of us are going to venture parted
did you burn it with Bart no of me loose
that's my boy this has been perfect but
it's not like he gets that from Lawrence
Valley there's nothing that's the worth
of our smells jealous and welcome to the
end of log talk plus there's a little
picture okay let's talk a baby box oh my
god Esther first picture my mother box
what's army that's you that's my
girlfriend
no way wait that's our umbrella this
yeah what people to your whole life and
fre zou as pinball like you're like oh
has anybody seen Alex I mean violently
can you kind of Cheerios happen baby now
on to the good stuff
these are all awkward picture it's okay
it's the end of all talk people probably
already clicked out of the video I'm
still here I'm doing more like adorkable
cookie largest a lon oh you look old
here I know have you prayed who's gonna
prove I could meet Barney my dad uh-huh
that's a good price oh you didn't kind
of cute like like 13-year old Alice I've
been like a girl asam has my favorite
only war soccer shorts at pants are all
this is your Tom whooping yeah okay
that's the time that Mike and I pop
marker on our faces get Sookie mom I
guess it didn't mine came out like Denon
I see just where I can get really hot
look like a good tourist here's where I
was like brilliant a halter an apricot
me look I'm wearing a polo the Maxima
Julien Abercrombie sweater and the
footballs in the genes related to no
well look at you baby was another little
chicken look I was like oh definitely my
mom and there's me but wow your dad us a
long legs look at you that means like a
asian Gerber baby ooh I wasn't like hey
he's gonna get mad wanna do oh girl grab
a stop hmm
see that guy that guy's thinking what I
would have been thinking like hey let me
get on the side of the girl on it the
cute girl I went out years ago
do like heavily menu literally the month
that I graduated what look at dad that's
who I started talkin to no wonder I was
nervous when did you take this picture
there's what you look like when you wake
up in the morning oh good
first DIY they just a away yeah thank
you for taking me down memory lane Villa
Lauren now sort of that I do have a
video for tomorrow and I do have a video
for Tuesday I do not have a video for
Wednesday but I do have a video for
Thursday and I do have a video for
Friday but I might not have a video for
Saturday because we're going to college
for a birthday so I can't be stressing
out about vlogs but you guys are really
going to love these videos that we have
set for you I'll tell you one of them I
put Lauren under a legit lie detector
and I asked her some questions and I
didn't like some of the
a little too more than you wanted to
know right if you lied she was trying to
protect my feelings but you and I knew
it I knew it I knew it I knew it the
whole time I knew and all that when it
came out of mouth I knew what you're
going to say and I knew you're gonna lie
about it you'll find out what I'm
talking about later that's all I got for
you guys today
see you tomorrow don't forget subscribe
don't forget phone leekens log and they
don't forget to remain inverse if you're
not smiling you doing it wrong three two
oh that was one then go three two okay
bye
