what it is would it be waiting to go oh
sorry I'm sorry going to sleep
hi Malaya are you excited to see your
gummy video oh that was a sneak peek you
didn't see the whole video yet okay well
your pumpkin head yeah
oh you're getting better using the phone
what you wanna do another video okay
what yay that was a classic I liked it
oh you have one more okay
because intimacy okay go have fun I'll
see you soon I love you
you ready go to Canada bro it's 3:00
a.m. and it's time to make moves go for
me now please yes come on get off of me
there you go well I'm not the first
because I need jump oh here are the
first planners ever my friend oh my gosh
is your first time in first class are
the first day of first ever and I'm
loosing Lizzie first so ever left a call
you can see oh you fancy oh yeah don't
get you pretty boy
okay closely now don't be crazy please
please don't be crazy it makes you here
for good luck
see you in Canada you did it you're such
a good puppy on the plane oh oh oh you
like that Scott check it out kids I met
your aunt and your cousins right auntie
cousins Nana
have you met fish oh wow
this why why Lauren used to have a fish
but he kind of sort of died a little bit
this would be a good driveway for a
basketball goal yeah cuz I'm not backing
off you're a bunch of it dear let me see
let me see a crossover oh it's a
birthday tomorrow
it's your birthday tomorrow holding a
b16 yeah do you want to know what I got
you I could tell you right now I'm gonna
tell you at midnight or tomorrow okay
tomorrow do you know did I tell you how
I wanted to tell everyone right yeah oh
honey Alex just told me what he's
getting more in for her birthday
Georgia I already know you told me like
last week Erin do you know what did you
just try to tell none well I told you
not to tell anybody
know another thing Oh would you like to
know how you like grass you like grass
you can use the grass now you're still
new to the freedoms of grass ah well
he's bad moose moose come here come here
moose her birthday is tomorrow how are
you not more excited about this whoa
oh I was wrong I stand corrected this
squirrel kind of reminds me of you hmm
wait that you can do scare you went up
from American stairs can you go up some
Canadian stairs you and probably gonna
go away there is already and of one and
glue and Z and four okay your turn
come with me
I think we gotta do kibble like on each
separately whoa look up there there's
more more Oh Oh help I love it oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah there you go
okay there's more look up there oh oh oh
that one boy get the other one out there
No Oh smooth seamless aimlessly head
kidding nobody just did I know he's no
idea oh wow that's it all cheeks the
smartest dog in the whole wide world
ever at times oh no he's gone combs rule
he did it for your birthday because he
loves you oh okay that's not what we
said we didn't agree on that you were
too cute
whoa so good how am I supposed to sleep
in this tiny little baby bed oh the
double baby bed for all these people oh
I know these people
ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly and the Keinath
not time and then I can expose all your
childhood pictures
you have all over your walls ha ha it's
also baby ones downstairs I thought it
was your brother but I remembered you're
only a child guess you could see you
don't fellow you're sleeping what wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
what do we hate I don't know I don't
know if you can drive this this is a big
truck wait wait wait wait come here wait
I got want to see something okay let me
see if I can see you over the truck yes
sir that's as high as you could jump oh
no oh no oh jeez finally working on
another birdie
I heard it down real quick are you ready
to do just Ramirez
okay watch me ride and die
hey caterpillars whoa come on touch one
Eterna come on whoa whoa moving on look
look he said I can have one no yeah I'm
lying yeah okay okay good good open it
it's early birthday present okay okay
coats like oh look
you would let you have one oh no he said
I could have one I'll go on no way no
how
welcome to the end of vlog talk as to be
quiet good lord family is sleeping
upstairs well I got some updates why do
you always have a blank stare in the
face like you're staring straight into
my soul he's turning right now okay here
he comes
just would you stop staring into my soul
wow I thought you're my boy huh are you
decided to go to the cottage you're
gonna get in the water for the first
time you're gonna get enough sand for
the first time you're gonna get on a
boat for the first time to come back on
top so everybody tomorrow okay I try to
have a car crash at I do tomorrow is
mommy's birthday so we have to treat her
extra nice we have to help her out with
everything okay now have a market good
bites armpit Wow you know what else
we're gonna do tomorrow we are gonna
expose Lauren Jen's at least 20 pictures
of her around her parents house out and
we're going to take a look at all of
them from baby Lauren to tomboy Lauren
to brown air Lauren way this blog comes
out it is Lauren's birthday so greater
Twitter which I have a birthday go to
her Instagram cool and all our pictures
which are happy port down every single
picture I mean a moose are going to do
our best make it the best day ever
tomorrow you finally get to find out
what I got for Lauren's birthday and I
feel like it is the perfect present last
year I took rid of Paris so we can go to
Disneyland Paris but I think this year
I've talked that that's not enough
yesterday see you tomorrow
don't forget subscribe don't forget to
Like and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye always an elbow or knee on my
phone
well Oh
