you're like a stuffy but you can fight
back see you look it's nice Oh goodbye
London say goodbye London my god dude hi
London that's gonna be on right there in
a couple hours
well first was alright the sky lit very
nice
I'm in look both ways before you cross
my mind oldest laurdiy panic brandishing
it won't fall everyone will find out
today what that footage was definitely
not from last night it was from right
now they all just changed their clothes
for the further montage
what is this guy doing right now sir
what do you what do you always try to
get that bird to come down you know what
is what is that his friend all of the
mouse oh that's on Mouse I gotta go out
there
oh no way no way whoa what Kyle are you
sad
why this smoothly to sleep
prettiest lounges are so much better
than American lounges keep going what
you guys if I was up against that a lot
of beef left on the track oh hey you
gotta warm it up any little tip got
powder it's legit spit on the one bin -
is this your boy swill would be what
y'all wanna do what you know Alex loves
you know how he dropped it
Alex toilet camera ain't no
stoppin it's alright I'm gonna drop into
my Alex obviously committed hey we
always put I am Duncan autumn be balls
and not be breaking the ankles and not
be watching them fall because I am so
good I gotta make it so god I go cross
it up lay it up Ali you dummy badi
bougie hey hey hey hey hey and people
rustling what's $3 you're free - it's
the free knock now bring it up now bring
it up now bring it up now bring down now
bring it down now break it up I'll bring
it up now where it's a middle ground
where's the middle no I'll bring it back
down
now I'll bring it up I'll bring it up
I'll bring it up hey guys
should I do a first class montage okay
Sippi
it's the gum pick up sir it's a goofy
goober goober wait wait for me wait for
me oh you got fat you've been eating too
many cheese birth sir did you miss us
huh I got you now
patch map to - hey hey did you miss us
did you miss us - miss you if you give
me a kiss
I'll sing your song give me a kiss what
hey look it look it you lick my face you
must face right now really cool okay you
drive a hard bargain guppy okay look my
face ah don't punch me in the face oh I
got it I got it here here no oh hey look
what's this noise hey I don't want to
give you to me do it do it do it do it
Debbie kisses - get it quick okay just
do it why do you wanna make me guppy Wow
oh yeah I get oh I'm not taco I'm a
puzzle Risto some sound smart but I'm
kind of stupid oh but it's okay cuz I'm
super cute doh - buggy so your song has
been sung now I must go say hello to
your brother moose stay nice and calm
everybody just relax I will make it out
of this okay have mercy what they have
how'd you get so big hey Moses Moses say
mother I oh yeah give me all the kisses
yeah I hate gay asking how my kisses you
get is good
all of them today 200 people not
sleeping you're sleeping very good way
something out did you miss me
gonna call me can you put me on someone
here tomorrow back relax everybody just
remain calm calm this is the key to a
happy laugh you're like a stuffy but you
can fight back
see you look nice oh I missed you too I
missed you too much I guess I had to my
girlfriend now okay I'm getting up
getting up getting up and getting up now
ah well hello miss you I'm a deal I'm
being attacked
I really thought we all have ignored you
oh let's be nice coffee some perks
everyone pricks you want isn't right
yeah okay oh I'm gonna be such a proud
father let me see your tricks
oh he's ready he's the most radio he's
already in position down whoa so fast he
was I thought ha ha ha ha
why today is like crawling toward you
did another one but I'm already so proud
this is the best one isn't what it like
mostly they can't do what they able to
do best trick you've ever done in your
life leave it
you look at it oh there you go he can't
looking at a little bit Wow it's not
free pearl if I can't little Bonanza
yeah mom go go yeah remember to breathe
there's no time for breathing when their
kibble what I love you guys something I
got I got it enlarge you want a large
right yeah yeah
okay put on put on run you put on Wow to
spend awesome hmm
y'all yet I'm mashing one did it yeah ah
welcome to the end of vlog talk we are
finally reunited in Warwick with our
mascot ha ha ha PCB London it was
awesome I have two days in LA and then
we are off to Cabo
we're going to her hometown to celebrate
her birthday so it's coming up and you
let me tell you what you got for your
birthday
yeah no I can tell me so you told me
tell me the secret tunnel mousse you
promised you promised can you get pronto
you think you promise now you can never
tell that's all the doctor you guys
today I'm super tired
super jet-lagged I was on one side of
the world and now I'm on another in the
same day did you mix with hab√≠an you
how much oh oh okay see you tomorrow and
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it right enough that one most of
it wouldn't represent what what what
what what okay bye Oh an elbow or knee
on my side
well as well
