what it is would it be what it do Joe
the first one of those ever did is my
eyes closed because it is bright you
guys ready for the final day of summer
in the city final day in London wow I
always said this was he's not with us
he's a sleepyhead Kyle he's a sleepyhead
Aaron asked you a question
glad you got a girlfriend waiting for
what is it hurt The Heretic girlfriend
no I don't think so
because she's gonna turn around we gotta
find you a girlfriend that's today's
mission don't make it awkward Kyle do
you have any tips for how to get a
girlfriend could you have a girlfriend
right oh yeah
so I can say like that you got a meter
uh-huh
you got a hugger uh-huh to find her you
got to have 20/20 vision so go get
contacts with LASIK you can see she's
proud there's a good tip I mean I'm
letting you down I don't think these are
real tips yeah write these down wear a
clean shirt no barbecue stain kejal
stain okay barbecue look no way Jose you
know what the first thing I said to
Lauren was I came out to Lauren
first thing ever said never met her
before I do a girl I'm gonna marry you
one day really yeah I don't know that he
did not trying to tell you the first
thing I ever said to me I think it was
either you can say that you're gonna get
married
or say hey those work I have a question
for you guys what would you rate my
brother
eight eight all right there you go
we got like eight point two five that's
good and out of ten like I'll but it's
closed content solid edge yeah I'm out
Bobby
I run channel 5 reduction and you're all
UNAMID
I think I'm boring Kyle I saw you
sleeping over there gotta gotta gotta
gotta got it
I don't know we have a question for you
what would you rate my brother your
brother cuz we're trying to find him a
girlfriend I'm not saying we're trying
to make you hit girl you can yeah I
don't know you guys hating is more and I
was like well just hypes you cannot you
close your ativ there you go and oh my
gosh oh my old world is this happening
right here is this happening
Gabi and Aaron so Jared oh that's
another I know oh we got gold chairs
yeah nice
okay I thought of another thing to help
you get a girlfriend
I'm a serious thing this is serious you
have to be confident you have to not be
scared
you can't show weakness just just put
yourself out there and see what happens
so I think a good way a good like
gateway step into a girlfriend is by
back farting in public I went back
farting do you agree that's why I always
agree you're going to backfire were
there enough that's perfect for a hide a
girlfriend no no you have to prove to
prove to yourself that you're not scared
to do what it takes to get a girlfriend
by back party in public cause you don't
want to do it party and hopefully no
back farting Act farting it comes yeah
you don't think me will break up with me
no I think she'll love you even more
so that wow look at that
public back parting very nice I'm proud
of all you oh please let me sobre su
thee yo we need your help we need your
expertise what now how can we get this
guy's a girlfriend probably get rid of
the thumb ring first I like myself are
done we cool what do you know about
fashion you know who I am
haha alright actually matter of fact
would say right keep camera where you
going yeah yeah does it candy Oh
clothes clothes this is some light work
right here I'm gonna have all you guys
up oh well I was real indeed well be
either for me why you looking us up
we're trying to get Aaron a girlfriend
I'm actually there you guys that outside
your comfort zone
okay like we doing openly Oh video so
making the squad looks good we'll help
him get a girlfriend
Oh using the noggin Kyle this is also
for you Alex for you death for me ashes
to dust okay oh I like to share the
pocket how you know I like share pocket
oh that's you know and that's why you
don't have a girlfriend oh my gosh I
don't know how you can't get a
girlfriend with that shirt
this one is definitely Alex really okay
I like I like nightgowns whoa we are we
I think in the wrong box is my yeah yeah
are you thinking the nightgown back up
my glasses so that takes these backsies
oh I like that line this one's for you
about it
yeah what Aaron what eight he ETD pan
for ashes to duck 3234 Aaron the 3234
juice this is the biggest hat in the
entire school
first up we have coils rocking the
latest in London fashion got a pocket
and he's rocking it crushing the game
frame by frame
next up we have Aaron I mean Alex
absolutely smashing
Alex is wearing more her actually does
killing it when that will you fell back
when you were telling that protesters
out there was a 360 Alex my god wow how
do you like him now ladies you can't
like him is take a last but not least
we've got every step into the limelight
press 360 my god my god we did it they
don't leave a pile of them at there's so
many of them just keep just hold yours
thank you sir you have up the game of
this squad by 900 very nice I like it I
like it a lot so last thing you have to
do I think to break out of your shell is
you got a tweet this I'm going to type
it up but you have to get the press send
all right here we go I'm about to do it
I'll I'm typing it in here you go tweet
it out to send it send it and don't say
anything about it you can't respond to
any tweets about our anything we can't
explain it all right worries diem Frank
worries yeah yeah put that on there here
let's lose the up upgrades upgraded
upgraded here you go send it out do it
do it do it do it there you go
I can't do anything else for the rest of
the day what welcome to the end of vlog
talk make sure to go to Aris Twitter to
find out to find out what he took okay I
get it
Lauren stuffed animals are upset they
have been in London vlogs at all are you
happy now
as I was saying make sure to go to Aris
Twitter and check out what I tweeted on
there and see if you could help us out
if you watching this right now is in
like your twenties then you could be his
next girlfriend like you could like that
you could be his wife one day what you
don't know that's all I got forgot today
see you tomorrow
and don't worry big brother love is
right around the corner you just gotta
make that turn right Oh
do me a favor don't forget to subscribe
don't forget to like this bug and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
doing it wrong okay bye
