we're acquiring okay what it is would it
be would it do go let's go eat some
breakfast oh yeah good job for me
good job good morning Kyle one how's
your breakfast Eugene is that a peach we
wouldn't do I know what he wants to do
backcourt we're going to find a secret
place like nobody's around to let out a
couple backfires oh he's around for
millions of viewers click up Suzie
let's go come on gotta go to the crystal
museum before the panel and the meeting
great 11:00 Kyle are you sad this movie
didn't get up to come to this with us
yeah what another sneak peek of gummy
versus real food featuring princess
Malaya that I'm going to release when I
hit nine million subscribers make you
feel better yeah okay good tastes like
the poppy for our panel let's check out
the crystal Museum at the Crystal Museum
they show you what life is like in year
ah
Oh
the other road
we do
thank you for the knowledge crystal
museum but I got a panel to go to you
just keep
I secretly want a specimen oh no I'm not
going maybe well I'm not gonna get 100%
the most I had to pee in my entire life
ever that's the most I ever had to pee
my entire life great
I was really proud you see P filling up
in my life can forget all yellow goes
bad out of your ears okay that's gross
let's go explore the convention center
area plays hi guys
you think I'm gonna be able to make it
through the Convention Center
yeah you think though how this happens
what I'm a mean green at three but I
guess this would be a freebie in green
hi I'm going to walk out here but you
can come with me because I feel like
yeah come on being in here the lines
never going to end we have to go out
there where there's less people wait be
careful
sorry let's go let's go that way
oh man Mike where's backfiring
backfiring I thought this was going to
be less people weather looks like more
people so there's a good
okay okay so a thick picture and then
you got to kind of go under here to get
out bye we got to clear away through
here this is the pass now and then
around this guy and through there okay
this is a bad idea cuz it's so hot so we
got to go back the same way we can look
dad I've never had so many people love
women the only action before it's crazy
this is the problem we're coming from
I'm eating green are you going we guys
sneak in that I'll tell security to let
you stay but you have to begin so if you
didn't hear that right now he didn't
hear any of that
well you're good I wasn't able to walk
around the Convention Center very much
today but don't worry because I got a
montage ready that I found yesterday
forward you let's go though nice
- hi - hey
opponent
oh I got it I got time
ah
ah good economic feed any tracks hey
Alex how's the food
so good I really need to eat all day
yee-ha-ha yeah are you supposed to be
somewhere we mean you have a
meet-and-greet
yeah funding it started five minutes ago
look at that whole family
alex has fabulous hair what about his
eyebrows aren't those fabulous alright
welcome to the end of vlog talk in my
hand I have the winner of all the merch
in my Instagram picture giveaway as you
know in the last couple days I've been
doing a giveaway on my Instagram three
winners are going to win one of each
March item in my store so they get all
the hats they get all the shirts they
get all the fidgets dinners and the
three winners are whoo I will be
messaging all three of you to get the
address to find out where to send your
merch I am still flabbergasted that over
2.5 million people commented in the
comments section to win and I'm still
bad only three people one so I'm going
to do another one again very soon on my
Instagram so if you're not following me
go follow me because it's going to
happen and I'm going to do another
entire store merch giveaway to multiple
winners so happy I got to meet so many
London wasabi ins and actually pull
north audience hollers audience
Slovakian as audience there was a lot of
people who had traveled to come to this
and I'm so glad I got to meet I had a
lot of fun even though I kind of got
mobbed into a corner and wedged into a
little space that's all I got forget
today see you tomorrow and until then do
me a favor don't forget to subscribe
don't forget to like this log and don't
forget to remember is you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye always an
elbow or knee on life
as well Oh
