let me see the sexiest face you can make
me yeah what it is would it be what it
don't go first complete day in London
it's coming at you with the quickness
now you know I'm a youtuber and I'd be
loving that YouTube I've been to the
YouTube headquarters in the Philippines
I've been to YouTube space New York I've
been to YouTube space la but now it's
time to stop by YouTube space London you
ready oh oh oh oh I feel you to play
button I see it make it such that that's
pretty high but it must be pressed
I proclaim plunging more like what where
the you have those frozen because I'm
talking right now you talk too much man
I know there we go there you go Oh
YouTube please London whoa
this store has YouTube merged YouTube
Twitter YouTube sunglasses YouTube
everything blog everyday can i buy this
this myself everybody get whatever you
want
it's on me okay we got sweaters got bags
got thicker it's got hats
I want this chair
Londyn Google offices hahahahahaha
this is London
oh sorry sorry
hey so Indian one then this one is no
joke London wins London is the Windy
City village country's yeah counting all
of this all the above
do you fancy an ice cream I really do
are you still at the not with fathers
black calves look for some opener with
me too or facing each other out I don't
know if I like it I don't know if I like
sitting each other because then we got a
stared each other right in the face or
just like ignore each other than just
you know
choo choo let me see the sexiest face
you can make me yeah time to go shopping
did you do doo de doo doo doo doo time
to go shopping
doo doo doo what's your name Megan hello
who are you from I'm from London
No Oh from where you're the first
British you wasabi another miss are you
British my mom is talking oh yay SSSs hi
the other way first uh wasabi as I met
on this trip
hahaha David you okay oh hi you scared
me hahahahaha she's good are you kids
tough dogs ain't so good Oh mine your
boss yeah nickel to meet you Mugsy new
user picture yeah let's do it
hi
the whole reason we came here was for
summer in the city so we came to check
out the location before things got crazy
tomorrow do you think it's gonna be cute
oh yeah right right like our futures
voice oh you know kind of standardise
our class two minutes these are the
racing stairs two one go
oh my legs like burn what is this place
like a mall slash arena I can't I can't
go any longer save yourselves
we literally have walked a mile and I
think we found where we're supposed to
go because there's a bunch people here
somewhere in the city
Oh
I'm getting work
I think you know I think it's time for
you to try out your first back part no
there's a perfect floor filthy boy and
the next wall you have to do it the next
ball you have to back part I'll do it
privately in my own room off-camera by
yourself by myself
Oh - What's Wrong Kyle we didn't wake up
and come with us
Oh what it makes you feel better if I
showed you a sneak peek of the gummy
versus real food featuring Christmas
Millea video that I'm hoping when I hit
nine million subscribers yeah okay maybe
ready three two one the mais not open
action
welcome to the end of vlog talk jet lag
is real if you don't know what jet lag
is it's when you go from one time zone
to another time zone on the other side
of the world and when the Sun's up here
it's like 3:00 a.m. or you're from so
you're tired but you guys saved a time
and we fall asleep what I'm trying to
say is I didn't just sleep for four
hours on accident don't be mad I know I
said I was going to announce the
Instagram giveaway winners today but I
didn't expect there to be so many common
entries yesterday I told you there's
over 1 million comments on my Instagram
picture I just checked now there's over
2 million well I I want to take my time
and scroll through hundreds and hundreds
of times to find a truly random winner I
don't want to just pick from the end or
pick from the beginning
I just want to scroll Scroll scroll
Scroll scroll Scroll scroll and pick and
that person gets one of each merch in no
saga store today was just a business day
of summer in the city we saw maybe less
than like 500 people today tomorrow it's
supposed to be 10,000 so expect a bunch
of craziness that's all I got forgot
today see you tomorrow when I'm picking
the Instagram winners and do me a favor
don't forget to subscribe don't forget
to like this blog and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you do
hear
okay bye Oh
