today you feel sad
right yeah why are you so down
well I tried to open this jar of jelly
but I couldn't do it did you give it
your best shot
yeah but you weren't strong enough no
are you just gonna give up and accept
that you won't have any jelly for your
toast yeah no you're not I'm not no
you're gonna get up your foot stop
making excuses start eating healthier
keep your flips get one point and get in
that genius I am
Yeah right bet exactly what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna get in the best shape of my
life
go get em tiger today I won't let
feeling
I thought smaller brother wasn't in the
best shape I've been it
worst of my whole life but that changes
today for the next four months
to lift exercise of eat out here better
than I've ever done before just to get
into like the peak Alex I came here
every day we tell our
no those always tomorrow I can do this
later
there's more important things that I
could spend my time on I'm too tired
today I'll start working out next
semester
so we just keep putting it off
procrastinating and and nothing ever
happens let's date that cycle breaks to
start off this fitness journey of mine I
came to see the most fit biggest guy I
know
I got my friend yes I got my friend here
you're the biggest most mustard guy I
know this is your gym you tell me why
did I not gotten big I work out how much
you work out for like a month and then
nothing happens I don't think it doesn't
happen but then like I just lose the
motivation what could I do
why do you lose alone because I'm like
oh I look good I look different at least
so I'm good and then I'll be like oh
people are noticing it saying stuff
already is on my own yeah I'm good but I
need that like it goes away sometimes I
don't continue so I think the most
important thing to do if you guys are
saying is you guys want to like get into
working out audience shape oh yeah know
better about yourself it's fine
something that you enjoy doing if you
can find something you can do in a gym
it's enjoyable yeah but you like have
fun doing good
yeah really like you can look forward to
it what's my problem
you're probably not because you're not
doing so consistency is the key let me
ask you something okay I'm going to take
my shirt off okay okay we're all right
you can you use your eyes and look at me
observe the vicinity and tell me what I
need to work on oh yes oh yeah
now Brad gave me a lot of inspiration he
made it clear that if I'm gonna do this
I need to put in the work no more
excuses no more like not doing it I
anybody could come up with any reason
not to work out well you gotta get rid
of those excuses and flush them down the
toilet right another reason why I'm
doing this why this four months is
happening is because I just feel like
I'm in a slump I'm in a life swamp I
just feel like I'm not getting what I
want out of life if I am how can I
expect to get a hundred percent out of
life if I am NOT at 100% and this for
months I'm gonna work my hardest to get
to that 100% but right now I'm
babysitting these guys smooth and Guffey
how did I end up with this how did this
become my job Lauren goes out of town I
don't have a dog but now I have two dogs
cottages hat
tell me I love these guys but they are a
lot especially like yeah especially yeah
especially that one of the black hair
these have not sup energy I don't know I
just can't keep up you think I'll be
able to make it through the four months
of like intense training before we start
the most important thing about working
out is what's up here you go not let
anything get to you no matter what
nothing's gonna bother you nothing buys
me we talked about gotta get strong I am
strong we I don't understand what I
don't know it's never your wanted this
first we need to change what is this
follow me
number one to be strong the inside
you'll be stronger the outside first
okay yeah I still understand what these
are for take this mouthpiece yeah get
home get it in the clock alright okay
you gotta let go up front there we go
okay so what does anything yes yeah yeah
that's all fit so we're gonna do like
you were 300 more of those to get our
outside strong and then we'll start
working on the inside ah
you ready yeah let's go
you forgot your mouth guard oh wait wait
we're in Lauren's house so we can't
break anything like this table there's
very important table hey I'm just
playing around do you stop now I think I
learned good luck then yeah we're good
yeah
okay
Hey game set match
one who is not hey
no more stop one more second QB doesn't
know the boys favorite okay what do you
want you doing that I say yeah every day
you give a bird race well your groceries
are hungry yes okay we'll get your
groceries
all right vacuum affected my place not
this place you gotta back in my place
okay I thought okay okay we're good
we're good
we're good we're good oh yes the first
step of your journey is complete
you've done well thank you do you learn
anything
well let me think
no I learned a lot today
thank you to my boy Brad for pumping
some motivation in me thank you kind of
to Jerry for beating me up a little bit
but I gotta tell you guys I woke up this
morning and I decided and I'm done
slacking off I've accomplished a lot of
my life but not as much as I could have
I'm just I've been slacking I'm not
complaining about my life I love my life
and I love everybody in it but I just
feel like I'm not a hundred percent
I've just been coasting at like 50 my
whole life just taking shortcuts just I
didn't like my room is always a man
I always sleep in my muscles are always
chillin than not exercising I have so
many things on my to-do list and I've
been putting them off forever and I just
I'm done with it I'm done I'm so tired
I'm just not doing the most I can do I
may have had an Epiphone okay I need to
do more this year is going to be the
best year of my life no matter what that
is true it's happening this year 2018 ah
cassabi
that's my year I'm taking it by the
horns for sure but I'm gonna need your
guy's help I need your support you guys
have always been there for me I know I
can count on you and these next four
months are gonna be rook but no more
excuses just old-fashioned hard work
that's what's going down so see you guys
tomorrow as always until then don't
forget to remember you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
