what it is would it be would it don't
tow you ready for London I'm so ready
are you ready
first we need to accumulate our team I
don't know those red words without Rosie
you're trying to go to London
yeah well go tell us we need one more
person that's why I was coming her know
there's a part in yesterday's vlog that
people think are sound effects or not
real they don't think it really happened
I think I actually boarding but I wasn't
it was the suction of my lower back on
the floor and I was making the part he's
had I thought the people would figure
that out but a lot of you think I was
really farting like 50 times in a row
but but I wasn't let me show you this is
or is not real not real I mean it's my
back not a real part she thought it was
real yeah how do you do this and people
still think you're so sexy
well I have to like go out of my way
like this might be over do you find me
more attractive now that you've seen
this here content of a video like this
rough morning
no girls would approach me on the street
Laurens face it looks real noble I'm
naughty no singing you ever punic
whatever I don't you a Suzie the London
we're doing face right here what I'm
saying right now they all think it's
really all think I'm farting Suzie what
would you do like a bunch of soccer
girls came up behind you I don't know
what I would do
oh whoops no way let's find you my
was that happening one of the billion oh
man what if there's like a bunch of more
coming oh hello yeah are you going
about to get on my flight and I thought
hey let me check on that Instagram
giveaway picture I posted recently when
the vlog went up an hour ago I posted an
Instagram picture that correspond 'add
with the vlog because in the vlog I said
go to my Instagram like this picture and
comment hashtag Kemosabe under it your
enter to win in the first how her if you
guys I have commented over 300,000 I
think think you guys gonna get that
crazy I mean getting sweet of people
saying they've been blocked from
commenting for an hour on Instagram
because they miss you the commenting
feature but after that hour you can get
blocked again I don't know how many you
can comment before you get black but
just wait an hour and do it again wait
an hour and do it again ReWalk the key
can reblock team reblock let's go that's
a new hashtag the giveaway is going on
until Friday's vlog so that means I'm
picking the winners on Thursday Friday
you'll find out if you want I'll be
choosing three winners so remember all
you have to do subscribe follow me on
Instagram like this picture a comment
hashtag Kemosabe down below and you
entered away is your over
let's do this thing boys let's get it
what Kyle Hey what okay I didn't know
you're coming this is such a big
surprise to me Kyle Oh what are you
doing what's up loser
there is one more person joining our
team tomorrow so now it's time to get
back to the hotel and show smoothie that
my back parts are real oh you don't even
know you know what the backward no I got
something else I want to tell you would
you like to know what I got worn for her
birthday coming up oh yes please okay
you ready yeah you ready no is amazing I
know you don't tell your girlfriend cuz
you know your girlfriend and my
girlfriend are like best friends and
girls can't keep secrets right correct
yes okay so you got me I got trying good
Alex just told me was getting Warren for
her birthday
I already know you told me like left me
Aaron do you know what did you just try
to tell them well I told you not to tell
anybody
no is another thing oh excuse me sir are
you turn for a driver excuse me I'm
trying to talk I just in the
conversation do would you like to know
we are in the beautiful city state
county village country of London and you
had to play Mario Kart come on what is
this
come on let's explore I didn't fall
asleep for four hours due to jet lag I
won unless you know hopefully you won
it's witty a bit sweaty armpit let's go
hello boys can we expose this guy real
quick what I saw the video with the back
parts
I don't buy it Maori Oh graphics were
coming up it's not real i smelling is
real it's not real horsemen rode those
were real parts no it's not really fake
but it's real if that makes any sense I
would show you what this is carbon I
need hard floor I need evidence because
I'm not buying it oh really
no bathroom for my puppy sanitary though
let's go right now you're going to do it
in the lobby right now I'm alive what
does people around then lucky down your
back I think so a little pocket not I'm
walking
we're not obviously do you believe me
now you believe me I thought it's a
lovely welcome to the end of blog talk
first blog of London completes and it's
just going to get crazier from here that
you guys have once again blown my mind
this is insane something crazy happened
that I did not expect at all on the
Instagram giveaway picture I posted with
these two pictures in the first 24 hours
got 1,300,000
comment entries with the hashtag team
wasabi ha ha ha ha
you guys are insane 1.3 million people
commented hashtag team wasabi oh I don't
think I've ever had more than like
twenty thousand comments on a picture
said so to have 1.3 million comments oh
that's that's Oh
I can't even comprehend it and
tomorrow's vlog I will be picking three
winners one two three
that will get one of each piece of merch
I have at Alex's ah be calm so that
means you still have time to enter even
if you did enter already you can enter a
bunch of times you can enter as many
times as you want I'm going to scroll
through like hundreds of times to pick
somebody random then click on their name
they win do it again click on the names
day with do it again click on their name
they win so keep entering even if you
already did go do it again you're going
to get blocked after like you comment
like 50 times but you only get blocked
temporarily and then you can do it again
if we get to 2 million comments on this
picture I'm going to pass out so
remember to enter all you have to do is
make sure to subscribe follow me on
Instagram like that picture and comment
hashtag team wasabi and you enter to me
last thing to say before I go you know
that every time I hit a million on any
of my social media platform I do a 20%
giveaway at my store zombies calm we are
at 2.9 on Instagram that means we're
about to hit 3 million and that means
20% discount shortly after that we're
going to be hitting 9 million
subscribers on YouTube 20% discount
surely after that we're gonna be hitting
1 million on Twitter 20% discount that's
on top you guys today see you tomorrow
on London vlog day 2 and do me a favor
don't forget subscribe don't forget to
like this one and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye always an elbow
or knee on lifetime
as well
