are you gonna miss me how much oh that's
a lot guppy what are you doing pic of me
what are you doing look what I didn't
know your dad who the guy I'm doing good
hungry they're not throwing isn't guffy
today is whole day let's see if I get
any Tanner within the next two or three
hours all right
have your sunglasses No
you sure yes we won it and give me
answer in the morning okay no whoa tiger
darker snow do I even think about it
what are you some kind of insane person
wha-wha-what don't do that what do you
mean do you feel like a cheese pizza
cheese dream you fight over no oh you
have to feel it let me know my food oh
please go No No please don't go please
don't no no no to feel it just please
please please please oh there you go do
it I'm gonna go like this
oh okay okay don't you know why you're
here is don't mind
oh good good but what about this Oh
Canadians and your cheese that's not
give me anything this is a normal human
thing are you going to London with me
small why I got it working look I have
come for my birthday yeah come on
Thursday all gone
yeah isn't it FaceTime me yeah okay good
this is my daily life I get warrants on
things she eats all hers and I had to
fight for mine you guys might think like
wow he's not being a good boyfriend this
is everyday bro please no string no
that's against the law
yeah that's a good one please please all
those Trina's please
are you point yeah it was not so much
more satisfying in funner no I'm not her
I would have been done already
don't even lie that's fun that's fun oh
you're having so much fun right now
we're about to go to London oh I didn't
you say oh yeah Aaron told me London
hahahaha but there's also three other
people going Kiwis blue and by Rex no no
and no no
I think no no no and no have you gotten
a gas but I'm told muscle oh I'm gonna
miss you I know how much like a lot a
lot like a lot a lot a lot a lot a lot
okay thank you
yeah I kept
it is finally time for you've all been
waiting for the super super giveaway
cubby this is going to be the biggest
giveaway I've ever done in my life are
you listening Cuffy it's a bit biggest
giveaway I've ever done to ever I've
done a shirt giveaway I've done a hat
giveaway I've done up digit spinner
giveaway I've done a bunch of giveaways
to show you guys my appreciation through
all these 11 years of making YouTube
videos but this will be the very very
very first time I've ever given away
pantry that's right in this giveaway you
get one of every single thing in the
sabe merch store everything check this
out
in this giveaway there's going to be
three winner three people are going to
go back to school with all the wasabi
merch so here's what you got to do make
sure you're subscribed follow me on
instagram at also sabe like this picture
and then comment below
hashtag team was sabe there's no
mentoring so feel free to leave a
bajillion comments saying hashtag
Kemosabe
because tomorrow I am picking three
winners I'm just going to scroll through
a bunch of times like 50 times and
randomly take three winners to win all
this merch you might be thinking to
yourself I never wouldn't giveaways Alex
why should I even enter this one well
the only way to 100% not win is to not
enter at all Laura and wake up hey what
you doing I gotta go to London you can't
come
no hey okay honey we can't pick C okay
you can get out now definitely close in
there oh please oh come on you can't
come with me okay nope
hey with that know what grows on the
room you will pack and then we'll see
get out of my bag now
Hey look it's already filling up the
shoes in there you can't go in there yet
I saw nothing hey crowler inefficient
soccer you know you roll things would be
so much more room for all the bear bears
and their sisters and brothers and their
mom and dad sees no room wait for
someone who travels so much such a bad
packer sorry I need you to please look
okay okay we're just rating her give a
toiletry bag maybe do you want to come
do you want the commenting that's around
purple Danielle dark probably King baby
Dino
do you want to come I'm still hot
I'll put it in a sock that suck is that
a good lie pack just like that my pack
of laurdiy look at all this empty room
like candy and boo boo blue and want to
getting rolls no are you sure
it shows enough sure I positive okay we
make sure it's all today I think we're
good Tellis are you gonna miss me how
much oh that's a lot well I have
something I want to show you to remember
me by
gee I'm like a fart a jar ready come on
this is something special I thought of
that I wanted to show you on now you've
never seen it before it's a special
talent that I hope dear to my heart to
remember me by
oh my god
I'm out y-yeah like good way for you I'm
not there to make you ask you just think
of this moment with you everywhere our
life is the backboard
she likes it coming from the but is it
going to confuse no one for you welcome
to the end of blog talk what should I
take to London to give away to my London
with ambience I know right
I know I think I'm going to take this
hat this hat this hat and this hat and
the fidgets spinners these are all going
to London with me that's all I got for
you guys today
Aaron and I need to head to the airport
right now to meet up with our other
three friends and the next vlog you see
I will be in London come back every day
this week to join us on our London
adventures and I'll see you tomorrow
don't forget subscribe don't forget to
enter the Instagram giveaway don't
forget to like this blog and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye always an
elbow or knee on lifetime
Oh
