these are colored pencil what it is
would it be what it do - no guppy I'm
gonna vacuum okay I don't think I've
ever vacuumed in front of you - I'm not
sure how you gonna react
oh it's okay
vacuum is friend vacuum is friend look
it's going super slow cookie sister
vacuum he's being cautious maybe this is
a friend friend
I know he's not scared I came huh well
yeah you just you you we're gonna do
where the beers well not right now no
sense of action okay
I'm logging your mustache really no
thank you have no
I'm blogging your massage
hey that a question for both of you I
saw it and I didn't believe it and I
need you to verify my disbelief a lot of
the mustache grows hey why you follow
Moses is it that long no yeah yeah so
you don't like that tell me first thing
that you see you ready 3 2 1
what what did I just say pencil crayons
accessible Canadian they're colored
pencils these are colored pencils that
make no sense
what I can't believe after dating you
for two years and knowing him for even
longer than I've known you I never heard
we never said never came up in
conversation in Canada on the box of
Lilly's onto the ground
no it doesn't their color pencils
colored pencils I'm gonna do a poll on
Twitter color purple
no finger so you're already the ratio
American versus Canadian well you better
you better let them know to get ready
because I'm not to do it right now ready
protect go get some good hurry up get on
what what just happened you got scared
unnecessarily you sped up over a huge
bump and we got hurt I got hurt no you
did it that's it we're good on no trust
me no I believe in you please no you
lost your trust right around the corner
no okay you write it by yourself then no
you're like Duffy in the vacuum not the
same situation guru's friend when you're
not speeding up over scary bums
we are so close to eight million eight
hundred and eighty eight thousand eight
hundred so we all took a vote and the
mustache days no we did not
yes we did you don't like it what do you
say
oh oh that's two thongs well that's
that's a that's not a thumb no no here
just feel it just feeling it really
doesn't you're gonna like it you're not
like it you like it
Oh like you don't like a little bit no I
know it's like a little pet caterpillar
any type of zero percent of me that like
this feels like a really sad exfoliation
thing that just yep ah you're suggesting
mm-hmm maybe he's written with that no
no no he's at school it's okay hey Lucy
Lucy Lucy had listened with him as he
had with a movie movie movie had how do
you feel about mustache don't like it
wanna be honest attempt really what do
you think do you like it thank you
sprouting about you hate things she did
I hate it
growling no amazing that's two for me
Jimmy mustache yes or no ho it's a look
that's that's a yes 300 Aaron massage
okay clapping yes one two three four
call Chris decided I'll keep it everyone
got to keep it yeah oh good to set up
words that's where the action is oh I
feel breath smell like fish hard use it
like a fish part look the shark
knowledge fine we can show you it we
shave it for me later
yeah I'm never stuck on the dog there's
a bus there honey bun are you a
simulator you never you only sit up and
you would actually let me say them
scared
no good let me see this we'll see oh I
haven't shown them when you hack on the
blog here how many this yeah whoa you
know o QE QE
okay Aaron your turn he already got a
treat oh yeah the trees got the woke up
companies cubby cubby oh oh we got tree
go big on
traced oh okay bet he got it yeah yeah
oh boy Oh
Shh Oh I really like your new shirt
Gabi looks real nice
yeah a little plaid falling back there
you got me why are you so far in sick
every time is food involved or is
gummies food and hope did you get it
yeah that's my boy jab for my boy would
you like to hear a secret
not just any secret what Lauren's
birthday present Fabio she hates it she
nice idea yeah she heard it
she likes it is it good yeah I'm crying
are you gonna like it don't be nervous
do you know what it is Susie yep no you
don't know do you want to know okay why
don't you laughing nervous
hey Susie a cement confident as wanna
hear I go low
it's your mustache all right with that
it's so glorious I was wanting to get
rid of something so glorious Oh Valerie
I need to shave it right I did too much
clothes that is a Saturday with a guy
goes gal hair out
oh I wish you are then gonna ask my
question okay let's go down because of
you safer oh I'll let me do it scared
you pull ooh
done no more okay we want to think up
hair not skin my hat you know good
tariff add my hair I'm good too but
using hair band on pro all the barber
hire me do we go luck now I got it I got
it
okay done dry your lips no you don't do
my lips what I'll shave my lips all kind
of going why is it possible are you
going a little bit don't do that I have
a journalist whoa whoa you're a new
person I was no farzam guess what you
think good job I don't walk to the end
of vlog talk without mr. mustache uh-huh
now it's time
Wow I do look a lot different when I'm
with - uh-huh
it's weird now it's time to show you
guys the new hats that I've already
showed you if you follow me on Twitter
or Instagram or snapchat you already saw
these had yesterday but I'm about to
debut them on the vlog right now for you
go cut that up but what is that what I'm
doing with my hat on is modeling it it
looks great
hey it's so much better you got the dope
dope hat which has the mesh on the back
to make it even more on that dope dope
and you got the mm-kay bye I've said
this thousands and thousands of times in
my life it's at the end of every single
asabi video ever made and this one you
know I'll be saying on that dope dope
all day every day
so get your hats right now they came out
1 p.m. today get them before they sell
out because they own that dope dope ok
by not including Pandey included I mean
not good and I see a bunch of pasta
penne yeah that's all I got for you guys
today see you tomorrow don't forget
subscribe don't forget to like this blog
don't forget to get your new hats and
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong ok bye
always an elbow or knee online
as well you don't have to
