wanna do a chicken for lesbian Miller
what it is would it be what it dude oh
god back
Peppa Pig uh PL way to go shoot a collab
real quick ok we'll be back in
approximately 4 hours and 37 minutes so
your alarm on your phone and we'll be
right back and cookies hey save some for
me
save some for me hey half that's mine me
not quite save some for me ok we'll be
right back asking how much makeup he
needs how am i sneaking it is all of it
all of it well you won yeah you asked us
to come here do you you're shooting
something else you show up rolling ah ah
no problem thank you for having us does
gonna be cool but I heard there was
courses what no I'm not
we're on what Tim good turtle somewhere
we have to find them Oh turtle you like
riddles
ok is that we can pet them yeah and like
the back yeah for real you kind of look
like a ninja turtle a loose are they
gonna attack it oh yeah get Jesus Oh
Turtles like are they in there I feel
like they're in there oh here we go here
we go oh yeah oh oh that's a Chili's
real girls oh oh that's real are we
allowed to like get closer is the guy oh
I wouldn't put your finger in there
feels good whoa it's like oh my god oh
that's a real job there's a second one
somewhere so what else are you doing not
a pet turtle hello Paul he's breathing
head no ok but oh look at the shell on
the bottom whoa
all we talked pounds more I'm in
critical to a turtle so big you know
where he gets his natural where the
Shelf Asian that's crazy
hey buddy that's an arm yo this is crazy
keeps it in there till we get in there
okay
oh you're gonna take a nap that's crazy
that this is how high it sent us to be
this is this you can't get out what's
our big wow that's like double the size
you gonna come here
oh come here this is so big
hey buddy look you got some lettuce over
here yes dry over come on
oh my god it's a squirt 11:30 oh wow
yeah giddy oh it looks like a butt
all right were these chicken back no so
good another one this is a mini one yeah
he came to life do you know where the
chickens are that's all you all right
get in there you get in there oh my god
start doodling in not even so no are
they just going around free
oh oh oh we go we're gonna get attacked
those target okay go get one no I don't
like this okay
you close for comfort no no no no I mean
I had taken four lines develop oh my God
look me he would write a my my
hey buddy let's go we got foodini
for that area we got Josh we got
everybody and this guy this big giant
man right here says he could don't this
is a high that's ten that's like eight
feet high veldt high and fast dunk it
now you have the ball
oh yeah you're right you right you right
you got it a play with octopus you gotta
take a break yeah let's go please all
right let's go you got it done you got
it done oh you got it done oh yeah I see
it
let's see it Oh fall oh I tell you fuzzy
do it oh you're gonna bring down the
basketball pork oh that's not fair one
half the man yes
Oh talk about a cloud you can channel
that I roll a yeah but not really roll -
hang on does it hurt like no uh-huh
hey I don't want to hurt the other
button why are you there security down
one that's my cousin top of the bottom
of the million sighs upon to make up for
I got you something music oh baby what
you're gonna heal with the quickness now
I asked on the phone all the hey I need
some some crutches that are on that dope
dope and they gave me these moment of
truth
got it don't hiccup be tyga be ok cubby
I love you boy
like a bread bread man there you go good
okay this is cruel I go without I got a
check oh I'll be a good friend
yeah slower slower slower come on bro
yeah it's more expensive Fargo Snow
White Cinderella welcome to the end of
vlog talk I've got a few things I want
to talk about I want to thank everybody
that is blowing up my Twitter and my
Instagram trying to help me get to the
million mark on everything you guys are
going hard
if you missed yesterday's vlog let me do
a recap real quick every time I hit a
million something on any social media
platform I am doing a 20% discount on
all merch at alpha be calm
that's on everything I'm super close to
hitting a million on a lot of things
right now and about two weeks on YouTube
I'm gonna hit nine million subscribers
on Instagram about the hit 3 million
followers
oh oh okay on Twitter I'm about to hit 1
million followers that means
and finally I'm about to hit 3 billion
views not 3 million 3 billion and when
that happens
my name is Cal let's get it guys keep
tagging me an Instagram post keep
tweeting me tweets about all these goals
we're trying to hit and I'm going to
retweet them and let's get the wasabi
family to levels we never been below I'm
sure you're wondering Alex if that's the
new hat that's coming out on Saturday
what yes yes it is on the back of this
hat I'll show you the side you see that
Oh a little sabi logo right there but I
can't show you the back yet but you can
see that it's mesh and then on the front
is a little little design you guys might
like it come beyond that dope dope next
and like half a week I'm going to London
with a bunch of friends to go to summer
and the city and I got nominated for
something this is the first time I've
ever been nominated for anything YouTube
related after 11 years
making videos and it's for bloggers of
the year I super hope I win I'll find
out very soon and as soon as I do I'll
let you know win or lose or win because
I'm going to win after that I gotta go
to Canada for ten days with Lauren for
her birthday on a family trip so I'm
going to have a bunch of videos ready
for you guys get ready because there is
going to be a week without logs but it
won't be a week without video the show
then directly after that I'm going to
straight to Connecticut to go to camp 17
with JC caylen Tyler Oakley bethany mota
and a bunch of you guys can't wait see
you there that's all guys today
see you tomorrow don't forget subscribe
don't forget to like this was and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
