me oh no what it is would it be what
dope dog excuse me sir have you seen my
girlfriend she is about five four and a
half
she's wearing a red sweatshirt for me
okay
that's red what that's the most red
square Delores in my life you're so
clever I heard a hundred pounds hundred
infant under five oh I'm flattered
okay can't tell you something I realized
that I'm sad about yesterday's got this
birthday yeah we never sing his favorite
song
yes bye Gita I'm not suckle my pod
burrito something smart put some kind of
stupid though but it's okay cuz I'm
super cute duh
yes pie Geeta
oh he's still mad he's like it's not my
birthday anymore doesn't count I'm so
sorry don't leak it all right hurry
hurry
there you go all right okay okay you
don't have to kiss on that much this is
like does this kind of cheating is
cheating now hey I said one he's a bro
get your girl
hahahaha little pastry to Jacuzzi
this is my first camel as a revolt in my
life ever
roses yeah I've never had a camel fella
Philip like a new man
in fear oh I know
an e today I want to do a photo shoot
with Lauren I am not very good at photo
shoot
they only have so many poses and I feel
awkward and for the camera even though
I'm always a part of camera but with
Lauren there maybe I'll get over that
time for her and they go
every time Oh No my worthless
hello I bet your tummy there we go there
you go buddy
yeah I can do like a new like I guess
women whoo gonna shoot some lorac stuff
yes all right team let's do this thing
whoa a little portable changing room why
because I punch their stuff is Lorex
photoshoot complete can't tell you guys
what it's for or where it's going or why
we're doing it why I'll be talking about
knowing for sure I can't tell you
anything but it's not that long until it
comes out so when it comes out I better
hey guys remember that time we're
walking in the woods with all the worms
and thanks but don't worry because I
have something else oh wow
but don't worry because I have another
announcement that'll make up for it
Lauren do you know what's happening when
I hit nine million subscribers full
video yeah
oh the gummy versus real-life teaching
princess gorgeous yeah that happened but
that's not what I'm talking about every
time I hit another million subscribers
you're gonna buy me a present yeah sure
you know what else I'm gonna do a 20
cent discount on Alex I'll be calm on
all March every single time I hit
another million subscribers and that's
not just on YouTube hopefully within the
next two weeks I hit nine million
subscribers that means 20 percent
discount man on Instagram
soon I will hit three million followers
twenty percent discount and then after
that I'm supposed to be hitting a
million followers on Twitter whatever
haven't played basketball in two and a
half weeks because my family's been in
town excuse me so let's see if I still
got
what is it 1 up to 1/2 hour
oh yeah water kind of again this is my
main scooter for the past six months it
goes about 20 miles an hour it's the
lightest electric scooter made but I had
to upgrade this guy is the one it has
suspension dual brakes brake light it
goes up to 35 miles an hour a horn Oh a
light and then the horn let's race these
real quick
weeoo
I have done a good wheelie earlier I'm
gonna see if I can to reward these guys
for putting up a good fight I decided to
bring you to get some ice cream but not
just any ice creams a little damaged
soft-serve ice cream oh I thought you're
gonna go Fredy ever
what if I told you your neighbors here -
no no they say oh we're getting crazy
what is this wonder I look for taking
home yes thank you
this is the one whoa
the infamous unicorn poop ice-cream
laurdiy on her Instagram pics done ha oh
no nope let the men eat their ice cream
welcome to the end of blog talk where is
that Jared oh there it is
don't forget doing 20 percent discounts
on everything in the store I'm sorry
dot-com and I have one more thing to let
you know about tell you about all day
here we go
guess who have new hats this has in
store available in store available in
store available but these two these two
right here will be in stores on Saturday
one hat - hat new hat you hat hat will
be available on Saturday and I'll be
showing you these hats on Friday and
trust me you're gonna want it cuz they
on that dope though Saturday it's going
down new hat just for you that's all I
got today I got a go but do me a favor
don't forget subscribe don't forget to
like this one and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye always an elbow
or knee on life
as well
