sup he has a friend and his name is Olle
Paulo cuttin hair and puppies kinda body
what it is what it be what it do yeah
thank you for breakfast grandma are you
sad to be leaving are you gonna cry
well girl you wanted to know hey you're
going high school you have a bunch of
girls be in life Oh Andrew wasabi I
didn't know he live in my class what are
you gonna do is a girls like I kiss you
yeah say okay you'll be like $5.00 Alex
we're leaving oh yes who runs hose I
just want to take some time to vlog talk
to you guys I have nothing going on
nobody's waiting for me to do anything
so it's whatever yeah I was with my dad
for a week in Vegas then I was with my
family for a week here that's two weeks
that I was super busy so we gonna film
some lawrence clubs this is a day of
filming one for your channel three for
my channel you know what's always there
for Wow yay really yeah I don't want to
do it myself a Los Angeles I don't know
you're aw - 400 always winning
yeah I gotta do a shirt giveaway never
give me the single sure yet what cuz you
want all the red rose my favorite and I
want the light blue one cuz not
Burgundy's read it first
no no nice try where's move ha ha I
killed my girlfriend wake up I'm sorry
oh look there he is there he is look
he's at school cubby it's your birthday
did you know this well you have the pad
always a big birthday threat but I lick
but the I why I've also big he had to be
jeebies we'll be back to celebrate your
birthday in a little bit for now we got
a go let's go hurry hurry hurry
where's your shoes let's go hey you can
come later we'll see you there okay
excuse me can we just slow down and
smell the roses why don't we just enjoy
the scenic view what I told you to pee
before we left that's all black oh wait
that's how much shoe hey Lauren vs.
humble who shall win in the epic game of
ping to the paw I will play the
important role of scorekeeper wow this
is so much fun to watch the woman of the
hour
hey Lily what are we here for witness
our daily lives with the first everyone
asking over life and you're my guest and
it's being a third wheel edition
whoo-hoo-hoo am I the third will I look
yes yeah
I knew it I knew it Oh gadzooks this is
nice
okay oh my agent look literally got a
some Oryx it sounds like cleaner cleaner
stuff it doesn't taste good yeah Guffey
our interviews done we can go prepare
for your birthday now I can't believe
you're one years old
come people II thought you were going to
die like a few months ago refers got'em
you're supposed to have like two years
to live you're supposed to live for like
two years now that Lilly live is them
back to the game there's nine nine
you're playing for Team Lorax you're
representing both of us your hand I know
that's why it's all on your shoulders
you're losing you did this is true Oh
going to twelve this could be game
defeating that's okay I still love you
oh there it is it's his birthday today
yeah you're trending oneness mommy
spinning once a day you guys are the
same age well oh and your matching stuff
easy dump in a plug ha ha ha ha nothin
put-on oh my gosh guffy look we're at
time to get you a birthday cake whoa
little puppy tree
are you gonna try the cake with them
what it's his birthday
Wow guffy birthday treat yeah hope you
like it
is it like oh my god when we produce
ever
everybody's about to come to your party
so I gotta go get a haircut so I look
good for you okay I just wanna look good
for your birthday I just want to look
good
BRB bro BRB there we go
that's more like it do you like my
haircut I like your your hoodie hood
this top it off dump it on a year uh no
update to you liked it no we don't know
you're talking about away while he the
ferocious pub copy you have a friend
here ollie hi ollie I like your little
samurai bun your old man bun you got to
introduce me to your friend
come on cookie has a friend and his name
is Ollie holla cut the hair and puppies
kinda Baldy okay whoa Wow cool fellas so
good
Oh II didn't like haha you don't like a
beat I'm a vegan you have another friend
here Kiwi you gotta let me know when
they get here so I can greet them
properly hello Kiwi thank you for coming
okay nevermind happy birthday dear cubby
you
oh look look all he doesn't like the
keiki oh you don't want to treat you
don't want to cake cookies cookies yay
Oh what is this
thank you ollie Wow this happy I've got
the end ball oh my god tell me how
Guffey's birthday is more less than my
birthday okay Lauren you can do it yeah
we have a photo shoot tomorrow I have to
let her pluck my lucky whisker that I
like girl it goes right here discussing
yeah okay so I started I got it I got it
on the vlog I had to pinch the skin a
little bit
oh my god there it is not gross which
one that one long way oh that's weird
is it wait where we we we tail awkward
wait um I valued our time together ah
hey I wasn't done at all see Anika like
big like okay this is weird to switch
everything like it's been opened all
right I can't I can't handle both of
these things that one yeah hey wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait Jimmy
killed my hand she wants to a loose
nose hair and I'm going to
Oh
Oh
there's a no seriously you know I do
that I ran one time I had one I pulled
on it and I was in wool and I pulled it
but I don't know about that one
no welcome to the end of vlog talk it's
time for what you've all been waiting
the war it's time for a shirt giveaway I
will be giving away five of each of
these shirts there are 15 shirts going
out 15 chances for you to win now this
is what you got to do all you have to do
to enter this giveaway make sure you
subscribe like this vlog and comment
down below why you want a shirt and
that's all you got to do and you are
entered and you have a chance to win
shirt my favorite one is the red ones
Erin Center one is the blue one and
Andrews everyone is the dark blue which
one do you guys want before I go let me
clear up this whole guppy situation when
we first got guppy he was Danny tiny
he's abnormally small and the doctor
said they heard a murmur in his heart
they gave him an estimated two years to
live but through the love and power of
family we have healed him because we
took a back to the doctor and a doctor
said there is nothing he thinks the
other doctor made a mistake it was
either nothing at all to begin with or
it cleared up on its own so Guffey is
going to live a long and fulfilling life
yay so that's all I got for you guys
today don't forget to subscribe don't
forget to like this one and don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
always an elbow or knee online
