what it is would it be what it do though
Jerry what are you playing the dragon I
wonder how people back in the day beat
dragons cuz humans used to just beat
them with swords right I mean you can
only be it with it sure so we're gonna
kill him that's why we can't be how
could you have a shield yeah oh you
think that you and me could be the
dragon back in the day yes now I know
when they used to exist they didn't Nate
never exists in what using dragons did
not exist correct
what are you a crazy person I see them
in TV shows all the time like books ask
your friends on your little headset if
they think dragons existed could be you
believe me right Brooke we're bowling Oh
Cup you got us popcorn it's Super Bowl
popcorn ready eating the wrong side bro
here you go I got you I got you I got
you I got you let go
I got you think oh that's the popcorn
yeah I forgot about this let's go with
no socks issues all right see what
people say if they notice today is Super
Bowl son day so a lot of people are
coming over but not coming over to my
place like usual Susie has offered of
his place down the hall which i think is
dope because that means no cleanup for
your boy
well let's go see what everybody's up to
Eagles am patriots colors oh my gosh oh
my gosh you gonna eat it you took a bite
out of there's a whole piece out of it I
think it's my favorite pie I've ever
seen
speaking of the Super Bowl I don't
really watch football I don't know who's
gonna win today if it's the Warriors or
the Cavs or the Patriots I don't know
okay don't judge me
it's the Simba's versus the knowledge I
think they're the Enys are gonna win
definitely I always want the underdog so
they're going on right now so I'm hoping
the any's win cuz I don't know about
them fine I'm just not feeling it I
think about that's work so I don't know
much about Super Bowl but I'm always
going to chill with the homies and I
have a friend that has a commercial in
Super Bowl so I'm going to try not to
miss that but we'll see if we can spot
it real quick Lauren how's the game
going
as awesome as he said it was super Bowl
shmooper Bowl well maybe this is my
lucky day
no it's all about this dude
they made us guys so baby that's crazy
okay now back to the Super Bowl sport oh
my god so the green team was winning and
the white team came back and then they
tied and then the white team took the
lead so whitey was winning sport what
does this mean I don't know what does
this mean
sports here we go now that the Super
Bowl has finished we have two more
important things that we need to watch
and the first one is funny no yes Dragon
Ball super Wow
this is us No begin
are you ready for it Dragon Ball super
don't care about whose ball you don't
care about the cartoons your crazy
person oh oh gee willikers what is gonna
happen this week on Dragon Ball super I
don't know buddy oh geez
pink guy ever says blue guy here we go
he's having an Epiphone that's how I
sleep every night thinking about how
close I am to ten million subscribers oh
he's like man I got this I'm getting
that diamond flag No
okay I feel like I just want to see one
person I just need one person please out
of all you guys will you do this for me
if you make a great before you know that
at least one of you will do it I need
someone to go super fool saying full
Super Saiyan as hard as they can please
he's good
you gotta believe that you really turn
yet to go hard and I only do it in the
shower by myself no it hasn't worked yet
but what if I actually go super saiyan
I'm gonna freak out okay Oh Lord don't
watch Akkad's gonna be embarrassing
Super Saiyan
okay now let's calm things down a little
bit with a little bit of this is us once
this is all Oren's gonna cry a hundred
percent what are you doing we're like
five minutes
Oh what is this are those real oh my
gosh stop your tears she's bawling it
was the first five minutes of the
episode you missed it guess you're gonna
have to find out oh man I wasn't really
sad part what are you doing
again cereal I have heart oh my gosh
should we stop watching this we
discontinued nothing are you done can we
get to can i watch the rest of the show
now wait where you going
are you really going to mean enough and
then Menomonee what wait why they're
going up in the novel M&E monopolist
monopolist but don't go Mo Money mo
puppies remember I give it to you
come in what's a keys because a key he
likes elephants I think he's an orphan
but you go now for real you're not
called Cassie you win never okay bye
oh but I'll seal it I'll see you later
goodbye okay bye have fun
I'm gonna miss you okay until next time
bye baby bye chicken nugget
I'll see you bye moose okay have fun
okay all right was it be really that
well yeah it's not okay bye now
Wow you watched a lot of shows today
before I let you go let me hit you with
some facts yesterday I told you guys
that we were super close to 10 million
what sapiens and we grow in every single
day we are currently at 9 million eight
hundred and eighty thousand subscribers
that means we only need 300,000 more and
we hitting that 10 million done Plex dad
is boy that's one day closer to the 10
percent discount on the entire store
love sabe dot-com one day closer to the
limited-edition 10 million wasabi merch
release and that's one more day closer
to the biggest wasabi merch giveaway
ever created it's gonna be on that dope
dope that's all I got for you guys today
thanks for the ones that have been
subscribed the ones that are newly
subscribed the ones that have gotten
their friends and families to subscribe
and to everyone that lets me try my best
to put a smile on their face every
single day see you guys tomorrow as
always and until then don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong
