kemberly if i did not have a girlfriend
you would be my girl and I would marry
you right now what it is would it be
what to do' and andrew and you look at
me what is that did you hit puberty
recently it's okay I did all the time I
love doing it catching it up one time
I'm gonna take it off okay grandma what
is what is that wow you look better than
I do
oh wow wait wait wait what is what is
what is that are you doing are you
grumpy cuz you just woke up because your
mom won't let you watch TV hmm
gonna go to the pool later gonna fly the
airplanes eat your face oh let's see
what you got no wait I'm doing one side
and
and blacker oh it's not that bad girl
you okay take this away yeah what's
wrong if you make the bye-byes I have
something to keep your mind off of it no
it's a project I need the help of my DIY
queen girlfriend please oh no I have
these new shirts coming out Saturday at
1:00 p.m. and I like to work out on them
but they're too hot so I need you to cut
up some of them for me to make a muscle
shirt can you handle it exchange we can
put our toes together and link them like
hands I will give you a head but I will
give you a buck but hey you can have
Julian's watch what do you want for
every shirt I got a plan two minutes of
elbows and shoulder massage yes very
sure yes oh my god like 10 of them I
only need three nah oh right now yeah
uh-huh
oh and that one too you guys watch her
face when she cuts it's so laurdiy this
is why she's a DI white queen yeah yeah
she's Amazon she is in the on you know
what to do with your to Lourdes yard and
you know to do now with the fabric Oh
what is it pull it oh I did I know this
okay yeah oh yeah oh that's good yeah
that's good okay thank you
now when I work out I can do it good
Jewish Jewish dude our excuse me we
gotta go eat dinner here you can stay
here okay good doggy
staying there bye
oh wow I gotta smart also how gummy how
to do that you're gonna learn how to get
out of this crate
Sabich family roll out well I was shoes
what did you do yesterday that means me
yay
when do you want to watch that we can't
watch today but I have an option you
ready do you want to watch it when I hit
9 many subscribers or do you want to
watch it when I hit 3 billion views you
can pick one on a job
9 million it is we are super close to
hitting 9 million subscribers I think
we're only a hundred thousand or two
hundred thousand something like that
when we hit it I will release the gummy
versus real food
featuring my baby me cuz you're a baby
yeah what are you Oh
featuring princess gorgeous welcome to
Maggio no let's go eat dinner and after
I got a little surprise for everybody
and you know how my surprises are fun
spaghetti and meatballs classic that's
going to my tummy what are you going to
get ravioli ravioli give me the formuoli
yeah this one what are you going to get
Malaya which one oh that one oh that's a
good choice
yeah what did I get Kanyon me fun is
that bad for you chicken sit down
getting evil bad news thank you for the
knowledge
you're a wise beyond your years Moya
okay can't do that though so you got a
little baby tummy you got a little baby
because you can't fit all that in there
how many people are sitting at the table
penny spell Malaya oh I forgot why hey
good job first calamari waiting hot
about squid ocean creme brulee why are
you so yummy and so cute and so
beautiful in my head you are best for
Amber Lee if I did not have a girlfriend
you would be my girl and I would marry
you right now
cranberry baby free stop eating my creme
brulee because it is mine we stop I will
cry if you eat another by heart
what's occur to you now I cry and it
just a halt and the cry and I cry and I
cry yeah did you not hear my song what
are that wrong Oh
whoa it's right here oh yeah let's cross
the street don't look nobody look ups a
little to the left
nobody hey everybody look right I'm
gonna go tell these people that I'm on
there I'm on this billboard I'm right
there
that's me that's my face I'm right there
I don't think they care look at it look
at nobody love me I said don't look
I said don't look what are you doing I
said don't look left
are you pulling all the people I said
mom stomach can I go over here hey hey
don't look at it okay now you can look
now
Alex live at an Adu storm Andrea Joey
Jesse Tyler Lauren and the Gunny
don't bang good job fine it's your face
I'm on the go board look okay okay you
ever think you'd see your grandson on a
billboard no nope now you see ya
goodbye big Lauren comply big Alex see
you later
what that candy store no we can't
no it's not good for you you can't eat
it Candy's not good for you you don't
want to eat it why you want to look at
it let me look in your eyes let me see
if you're telling the truth you gotta
give me the truth eyes note that that's
lies I see lies in your eyes
what do you see let me go welcome to
this welcome to the end of vlog talk
tomorrow 1 p.m. Saturday new wasabi
merge option sorry calm be there don't
be late it's gonna be sold out with the
quickness I know we have still not flown
the airplanes that we were supposed to
fly like three days ago but we're gonna
do it right
what right yeah we're gonna do it but
we've had so many adventures and we've
been so busy that we haven't had time
but today is your guys's last day so
that means how ya gonna leave tomorrow
morning I like that yeah I want you here
for that meaning for that many seconds
yeah I mean date oh my god ha ha next
time you can stay longer but tomorrow
you guys got to leave so that means the
next log is your last vlog it's your
last one it's your last one so we're
definitely 100% flying those airplane
importing yeah definitely so we are
definitely 100% throwing they're doing
construction upstairs and it's loud
definitely 100% flying those claims and
you're throwing one more throwing one
and we're gonna see who's goes
oh yeah well if that I got to do the end
of my dog and your England Lord throw
one we're going to see who throws is
best that's all I got yet today
see you tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe don't forget to like this one
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling
