Wilson was the head it's time to take a
bath because you will stinky puppy but
you killed as but what it is what it be
wouldn't Duke go we're on day 2 of
workout of Julian ha ha ha
today is like they had motivation
yesterday but today I'm lacking a little
bit because I'm so sore so I got my dad
for extra motivation can you keep up all
right what you doing in there Malaya
yeah doggie oh you fixed his bed okay
get out so you're not a puppy you fixed
his bed it looks so good I can't fit you
maggot fit this word we're in here now
Wow okay what I didn't get that oh how
did I get out oh let me get back in can
we have some of that bone can I have
some huh oh he doesn't want to share you
telling him sharing is important sharing
is caring copy you taking a nap book
grandpa do you remember all of us having
videos you've been in you want to do a
flashback yeah go
hey stop fighting back there he started
it so if your brother jumped off a
bridge would you jump - what kind of
leaps watch it don't make me turn this
car around thing we have to fear is fear
itself
oh dude Oh Ted do you love each other
oh I don't know what there's always I
just know I'm done
I remember I am Peter Pan on this beat
man if you never want to go up take not
hit oh thank you Neverland next to me
brother yes with me oh you leaning in
she's really mean here we go don't mess
up don't mess up don't mess up
no this is inappropriate you need to go
home and change
oh wait if I have mustache what I mean
you have so good what that night yeah
that was nice now you're gonna go fly
this yeah tonight it's going down gonna
help chicken adobo dinner time you like
chicken adobo yeah have you had it
before you've never had chicken adobo
do you have
you have do you remember now here you
try it and tell me if you remember it
yeah you remember that is it good
I knew you'd like it you know why cuz
you're Filipino
you know who else is Filipino and and
you and me that's right
guppy let's go we got you I'm having
problems and ER hold this ah sorry I
mean come on check it out
here look yes for you no don't be scared
goes up II get in it come here and Wow
we're gonna do with it
yeah good job
Moya don't pee and poop in this okay
only guppy Andrew you can pin it if you
really want to hey hey don't do that
come on okay this is going to take some
practice listen what's ahead it's time
to take a bath because you were stinky
puppy but you killed as but you need for
that you just take a bathroom sink
because you're a puppy and that's what
public taking a bath that's our puppy a
bath and then you have to go bye-bye
forever
okay not forever but you have to go to
class for two weeks you're gonna go to
school you're gonna be so smart when you
get back but two weeks is a long time
ah goodbye mousse it was nice knowing
you just kidding
we'll see you in two weeks your brains
gonna expand three times the size it is
right now and you're not gonna bite
anymore and yeah ah ha listen was your
head we're making the best for you we're
filling it up
you ready move Timothy you're already
looking moving out
are you right oh there's a bus oh it's
bath time from Lucy again they're gonna
be clean from your toe to your head
Massey Massey get in the water because
you smell like poop it's a movie yeah
what you're not really cool move it and
he doesn't mind okay oh you're in there
Hey
Wow your guy you're getting so let
getting a little wet buddy what do I do
I want to do something I'll pinch your
ear okay this help hey no no no was it
really have any good boy you are smell
good for your classmate very cool yeah
you got the good boys I'm staying then
okay you can't get have a water here
comes the shampoo here comes another
shampoo just don't shake please don't
shake you're gonna do it soon but not
right now any money you're gonna smell
so good with you watch your legs and
your little butt cheeks hey cuz you got
thinking about - yeah boy people say
their dogs a good boy so he's like
really did cookie want good and boy on a
scale from one to ten she's like oh good
boy I'll hand it up thank you before
with my hands in my hand just helping
I'm helping you with your bear and I'm
deysi into the towel well I would Oh
Jerry
Jojo cheeks your so many girlfriends
like our school you won't be the talk of
the class everything good I bet that
moose guy if that moves so fabbi what is
he yeah can wasabi his middle name
okay mousse wasabi DIY there you go go
in the pen so I want to see him shake
can you put in your back up oh oh you
did it for you hahaha let's see how big
this shake is this infamous moose shake
he's like oh I got you boy oh it's a big
shaggy right husband I feel like he has
one more shake in him I think there it
is
Andrew you ready to go fly this too late
it's nighttime but tomorrow it's gonna
happen and guess what else I got another
one so we gonna test out both and we're
going to see which one can fly the best
way you think Firefox or glider Firefox
are wheezing
liar glider Andrew vs. Lauren girlfriend
vs. little brother it's on aren't you
sleeping
isn't this supposed to be nap time for
you you know do the end of all talk real
quick okay welcome as long talk Wow in
your practice sounds good
first of all don't forget Saturday new
works you got this one aw Alex wasabi
coming out at 1:00 p.m. just for you
guys get there before sells out right
Malia right Andrew right layin Andrew
Wow a change you wait - fair enough
we're gonna fly some styrofoam airplanes
the reason I even ordered styrofoam
planes is because we were watching
America's Funniest Home Videos and we
saw a bunch of clips like this
ah
now it's our turn
hey why can't you fool and maybe go to
the pool maybe they are no maybe uh we
are no no yeah I know maybe we are
mmm yeah maybe we are yeah well I like
finally yeah yeah maybe that's all I got
together today see you tomorrow don't
forget to subscribe don't bring it like
this loss and don't forget to remember
bring nothing yeah if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye always an
elbow or knee on my side
Oh
