how do you breathe Oh what is would it
be wouldn't you Joe I have been slacking
in life but working so hard on the vlogs
filming every day
editing every night that I have not been
taking care of myself I haven't been
eating healthy haven't been working out
but now my dad has come into town and he
lost 20 pounds in the last month which
has remote evaded me to get back in the
gym get back in shape and not be tired
all the time because of my bad diet am i
non working out I got my boy Julian to
help me out do it do it
why is everything going to be some ahem
go back to sleep
you don't want to get up you know play
with fidget spinners you can with all
the physics pinners away do you have any
dreams oh thank you no you did any what
about no oh yeah there's no trees in the
whole world
yeah let me pick trees we can't breathe
trees are so smart how'd you know you
can drew drew told you how do you
breathe oh you know make a gummy versus
real food video you've been waiting yes
the only with the candy Oh we'll see
maybe I'll get the candy maybe you Walt
you're a balloon
oh my gosh what do you name your cat ask
Malaya was she named her cat what's in
your cat are you Lauren she has a dog
named moose aaron has a dog named guppy
and you have a cat named horsey
is there a princess Millea around here
oh my gosh where's your dress tell
Andrew what your cat's name is Katalin
you have a dog named guppy sure
high-five
Wow
what's your name princess your princess
gorgeous oh nice to meet you too okay
put that away
put that away I have with me right now
my number-one fan are you really my
number-one fan yeah how do you know
I watch your videos every day are you
subscribed do you come in yay do you
like the blog
yeah you really are my number-one fan
what do you want to tell yourself in the
future when you watch this vlog so
excited I've been here too
you ate it out can I pull the other one
up maybe a protective ring do a
beautiful mother than one what if I show
you a dance move and then you show me a
dance move rich man
try what I did oh wow get soaked okay
y'all had no one but you can keep going
alright you're gonna get dizzy he bores
a playground
you watch him shaved ice what crime
colorful that's not a flavor like a
rainbow but you need to pick a flavor
okay you can go wait wait wait wait wait
come here what about pineapple you like
pineapple peach and pineapple okay okay
go go go
when Lea Lea Lea Lea Lea wait wait wait
I remembered another one how about ya
okay I'm gonna get that for you okay go
go go hurry go up on well wait wait wait
left leg I remember I remember this is a
really good one is my favorite you like
pineapple be nice okay you go have fun
now wait oh I gotta tell you something
it's a big secret you probably like I
sell anybody see pinky promise
have fun are you gonna stay awake till
we get home here no here we go sleep
okay I think you can stay awake the
whole ride if you try really hard yeah
do you want to community yeah so you
didn't read the comments the comments
all say your brother is so cute why is
it the voice deeper than yours you know
what else they said about your voice
what they said sixty
they said it's sexy yeah you got some
girls in Kentucky's and girls in
California a girl to Arizona they all
want to go on a date with you the only
grow in your life is Malia oh well you
can't be in videos anything that blogs
anymore no you can't no you can't no no
you can't ya hear too good yeah me every
time I'm with a family I always end up
loving you because we're always hanging
out and I love you but I can't I love
you too much so we're going no more in
the vlogs
unless you make a super ugly face no
uglier do you want to be my vlogs or not
okay okay you gotta make super ugly more
uglier uglier there you go okay stay
like that I got you something no I found
them at a store and I know they're
Canadian
and you're Canadian so I thought you
look like them I know she's a karate
master karate masters what fast can you
show us how to do a proper karate chop
on Andrew
it feels weird are you ready are you
ready you ready grandma you ready
this is my son you met Aaron son Guffey
and I going to be my son move your knee
you're coming loose
everybody follow the chicken nugget hey
moose this is your extended family he's
on the same with in what they had with
him listen we'll have had resume within
Murphy had blissing with someone will
see here welcome to the end of vlog talk
more that's a third Alex Papa shirt
that's coming out on Saturday a table
some calm nice so you got this one that
one and the red one coming out but
before that happens it's time for the
bigot spinner giveaway
I have all these bridges better to give
away if you aren't mMmmm you can realize
on the news which was yours hey get a
Lambo so that means I got five of each
color to give away and to enter do you
know what you have to do make sure you
subscribe like this vlog it'll grow you
and comment down below which color you
want and I'll be and comment down below
which color you want and I will be
sending out all of these yeah I'm okay
except for Malaya's that's all I got be
that today see you tomorrow
good luck on the giveaway don't forget
subscribe don't forget to Like and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you do when you're wrong okay bye
Oh
