I didn't even think of this are you a
baby genius you can stick this anywhere
what it is would it be what it don't go
welcome to another day and it is almost
time for your surprise they said why is
everybody was nervous what I want to
have a surprise okay we're gonna
surprise you but I'm worried that you
might have a heart attack when you see
this sons are going to tell you I think
you should know Aaron
dyed his hair I don't know I haven't
seen it yet but I guess we'll find out
together
he's on the way home right now from
there all right okay here's the truth
Aaron did not die there but I had to
think of a way to get my dad to put a
blank log so that when the real surprise
keeps here he'll be blindfolded and
expecting something completely different
Aaron's on his way home right now from
the airport with the surprise yeah are
you ready for surprises
you look great mother feeling good I
like it I like he's gonna be here don't
look
- and we have you might be my dear he's
in there right now
wine folded and he has no idea you think
they're indict his hair we're gonna
we're going to trick them so you can't
make any noises because you have a very
distinct grandma sound okay but your
blindfold on the trampled on I can't see
up there dead guys no boy hang out
together
I know she can stay with us all week oh
here we go
don't cry you gotta let your mom hug
your ma you're gonna cry yeah oh yeah
look at the balcony in this up hi mama
no no no they don't know either but it's
been 12 years since we've been on an
airplane we're only here because of him
because he's our dad and he's only here
because of you so that your so this is
your fault grandma are you ready to meet
guppy for the first time this would be
your great grandson right right great
great great wait
it's Aaron son so yeah your great friend
great great for your great grandkids
there right yeah such a great grandson
okay we figured it out we got Alex good
using well we got it we have somebody
we'd like you to meet it's your grandma
new mister
and there she is oh no you missed her
again hi guppy hi copy why you got big
and strong is that the most beautiful
great-grandson you have no time for some
Bottega Louise this is a super popular
place with awesome desserts and you can
eat all as many as you want because I'm
your very grandson and I will buy them
all oh wait not great grandson I'm
getting so confused I'm your grandson
Oh
you guys need all that I don't know if
you can handle it
I got my sandwich like I'm the old a
good luck
Lauren is out in the world doing YouTube
stuff but moose is a baby puppy so he
needs to pee all the time so the job of
letting him out to pee on the grass
falls upon the father let's do this with
Tim with seamless ahead let me take my
socks so I my shoes off so you don't
bite in my feet we need to make the pee
pees in a teepee type I'm listening with
your head you know the routine for here
and here or just go straight to peace
good job you sing with the head good job
yeah the best PFF in my life we can play
for a little bit but then I have to go
pick up the rest of my family from the
airport okay Andrews really excited to
meet you so you got to be on your best
behavior
you got to put on your best suit in high
out no you're not a lot up here you're
not you're not all Mazel be mad mom's
gonna be so you can stay up here for a
little bit but mom's and get mad so
don't tell her it's secret the
father-son secret okay that move
how did you escape a and did you put
that on yourself I didn't put on you
what how'd you get that on
I get so big o+ so big Hoggett hug
drinkin
you look you are you so big oh my god
and I had a band of wasabi Emma's in the
airport hey Andrew hugging it so big Wow
look at your muscles Wow Mary got a new
piece of furniture in a dream you ready
to see what it is under Oh I think
you're really gonna like it yeah what
mm-hmm
oh my gosh so good boy yeah who do you
miss in the whole wide world
you and Aaron and grant grandma and what
else you love I'm stinky yes I have some
in there I'll give you one okay is
everybody ready to enter yes okay here
we go
two more times
let's go to my room come on oh you okay
she tripped over much good this is my
room and this is going to be mom and
dad's room right here you have to look
in there oh boy expierence boy come here
go look in the bedroom open the door
what who's there okay that aren't you
maybe what's in there mom you're
supposed to cry this is a happy time
well wipe your tears away
oh so if I just want to cry not you okay
come on you want a green one to match
your shirt a pink one
there you go look what's I say can you
read that are you sure this is my last
does that mean boy yeah it does say
fidget spinner but what does this say do
you know that says Vasavi can you do it
you need help hold the bottom there you
go okay spin it spin it that goes to
your phone so you can attach to your
phone you have a phone not yet okay you
save that for when you have a phone but
you could just play with this one go one
take one take whatever you want
I got a lot I'm gonna do it oh good boy
oh okay
are you gonna call okay right here yeah
boom it's on there and I click it in
there we go now spinning hey wait wait
what are you gonna put it on wait are
you gonna stick it to something well you
don't have a phone to stick it on to
okay here now the stick is all what do
you do with it this is the print what
you put on my refrigerator
what hey this room
I guess it's fervadora sooo I didn't
even think of this are you a beauty
genius you can stick this anywhere you
want to play with it you take it off
and then when you're done just put it
back so you always remember where it was
can I see you're here wow you brain that
you're viewing plane you know what else
you got a big tummy you got a big tummy
what son do you want over yeah okay huh
you gonna take it yeah
oh my god I have new one where I can
smell you uh but yeah I gotta give them
away for giveaways how many do you want
just one more ok where do you want it so
far I'm pretty sure you have three
fingers up this one here you hold this
you see me why are you good at that are
you super all day I'm here you reach up
here uh-huh okay you're a baby genius
there you go
so if you ever want to play with one you
have to remember to put it back okay
high five that had a booger on it Andrew
I got you something Oh
I got you a switch you like it we're
gonna do with it that one's like and I
got you something else
red or blue it's yours
no thank you welcome to the end of vlog
talk my entire family is in town to get
ready for a whole week of epic awesome
family blogs if you watch my vlogs you
know that family vlogs are my number one
favorite vlogs to make Erin actually
flew all the way to Kentucky to get my
grandma and bring her back here and he
planned everything so if you want to see
how this went down from the beginning go
to his channel youtube.com slash leader
on our videos check out his recent vlogs
link in the description below another
link that down below is my merchant link
Alex OH
tomorrow I've asked you more surprises
first I'm doing a fidget spinner
giveaway thanks to Malia I realized that
these are not just for your phone
they're basically fidget spinner holders
you could put it anywhere you could put
it on your desk you could put it on your
door in your room you could put it on
the wall you could put an iron bed frame
now you just pop it off play with it boy
just spin it was on the wall you could
even put it on your fridge you can put
it anywhere and the other surprises I
have some brand new shirts coming
out on the 22nd not only will these
shirts be in the store at Alex's ah
b.com on Saturday I will also be wearing
them each day until Saturday so you can
see what they look like on me and then
you can hop on it and represent I can't
wait to get to see you a new shirt I'll
give you a little hint lightning that's
only hit you get come back tomorrow see
what the shirts look like and do me a
favor don't forget to subscribe don't
forget to like this one and don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling be
doing it wrong okay bye
