are you putting out on my feet so you
just knees on your hand what it is would
it be what it don't go again I mean that
I've logged a bunch this morning of my
dad going into his first round of Vegas
and then I took a long nap and woke up
and forgot I did that and deleted all my
footage don't dwell on the past get on
with the day I thought the 2017 let's go
he has officially been playing for seven
hours straight so we're gonna go check
on him and meet up with him
for lunch for one hour I'm gonna have to
go back in for another five hours
that's a lot of hours you beating on the
runner yet who's scared of me the other
day I walked out I looked anybody looked
away in everything I could back I don't
know it let them know if you made the
next day so the people want to know are
you going to make it through the next
day you definitely need next day he
promised normal Phil what can you make
it to the Thursday
holy ass that's all we need for all the
poker lovers out there those about the
craziest and you have
what story over this is the dinner of
Champions
poker champions to be exact so you got a
90 minute break right now and now you
gotta play like five more hours you'll
up we seven eleven dad you gotta be back
of some 15 go go go I'm not that way
this way besides do you feel bad for all
the people that don't know they're going
to lose yet because you're going to win
no have you knocked anybody else
really you ended someone's poker career
look welcome to the World Series of
Poker it's like a stampede of
middle-aged men is it going back into
the lines then he's been sitting right
here for so long and then you sit back
in it again that's your chips a little I
your sex looking kind of low dad you got
a focus good look father I play okay by
that hey Dad being poker cheerleaders
it's not an easy job we have to keep his
spirits up have to stay positive
tough to feed him I think we deserve a
little a little us time at the time
oh it's time oh if you didn't hear yeah
you sure
what's a blue poison yeah Aaron are you
enjoying your picture here you get
painted yes we're here to support my dad
for public sermon so whatever you think
is appropriate
are you the best in all of Vegas that's
what I heard I heard it in the street
are you putting out on my feet let's say
you just knees on your hand I can't
believe you're going to get your oh no
painted no one is on a oh I double up on
a minute okay so here yeah well Lauren
to the leg bones relaxing hurts for a
sec
you know okay let's get up then you have
an idea of what you're going to do yet
no telltale it's a secret that's been
secret oh I know but but secretly tell
me with your eyes
why no your toes back
hey wait what okay - shake - the
playroom
oh my gosh what is it no you're gonna
hurt it's gonna hurt why am I doing this
this looks like do people cry why are
you smiling
they know again without smiling oh you
know it I know it
buzzing Rito's Wow are you waxing no oh
they're supposed to be here I have a
weird bump right here it's not on that
foot but it's super on that foot my life
is in your hands
oh we're going for the big one / oh ha
you know what I was worried though this
isn't heard people say waxing her
forever
Wow you lie alive no not again how many
without good to beat us we have 9 more
toes to go
I just really fell down I do the cast
out for 33 - ow
yes I watch region please the pinky toe
hair so different as most and mystic oh
look at what are you doing ah lovely
cheetah has basketball feet
why are you enjoying this so much every
time you put your pull it into a smile
in the present am I seeing the hair just
beyond okay I'm glad one of us are
having fun really we are you doubling up
what oh I can't believe I waxed my toes
you see this where you going dad is this
good dad that's good he's gonna love you
we're in Vegas so we had the top at the
famous rock ooh we yeah we had to bring
our tour guide yellow Paco it was all
outside mr. Daryl eeek
that building I gotta look at this ice
cube
Oh keep it up your mouth will up with my
cake oh it it's game time
hey for you uh are you eating more and
after a workout because that's your
sorbet he'll do anything I like that one
cool what is this
this core cream it sour cream isn't it
it is what preferred what I did with my
sorry this is sour cream done where you
act usually daddy believe I believe
fighter to absorb a it easily and
happens oh oh whoa fire hazards what do
you do that what's happening with what
whoa no no oh
Wow okay hello ELISA what nothing
I even though honors hand is it this
more sour cream our Goldsmith is the
green tea cookie vanilla ice cream
cookies oh yeah can I eat it okay let me
know if you change your mind
Wow another one was with that what what
this is let me smell it that's chocolate
that's squishy booing so listen for all
this marshmallow how was your first day
did you do good mother we wanted to be
good poker cheerleaders so we got
something for you
you ready for your present don't break
nothing on my head what hey flash back
here D yeah doing this ball I would say
oh yeah you like it
is it on my point I didn't think so
did we did to his toes again last oh I
did get a wagon extra toes yeah hurt
yesterday I don't know he just didn't
have it to begin with it's almost 1:00
a.m. you guys want to go get food hold
on let me change my pants
what is this Lauren she has some
explaining to do she put a stuffy in my
bag some peas are gross that's what's
wrong with them what do you mean what's
wrong with that it's like a little
punching track Lauren doesn't like a
flat top point from highways to and mmm
that's right okay I'll put them back in
the back but not because I'm scared of
Lauren because I'm scared of Lauren
welcome to the end of blog talk Lauren
how did this get in my suitcase I know
you're watching this vlog because you
watch all of them you little
whippersnapper
whose Beatle eyes staring at me credit
chopped quite a catch that's right
that's all a copy yet today come back
tomorrow find out if my dad is still in
the world there is a poker which he will
be don't forget subscribe don't forget
to like I'll check out my March on ha ha
ha knock on door oh and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye pose an elbow or
knee online
well
