yeah sure you've lost your mind what it
is let it be what is your doll today I
have my good friend mr. Tyler Oakley and
we're going to do something that is very
popular in YouTube that I've never done
he's never done gummy bears in real food
you ready well yes in this challenge we
have food coming out by a beautiful
waitress names of my girlfriends one of
them is gummy and one of them is the
real food equivalents am I gonna have to
eat disgusting thing we'll learn as we
go
dish number one oh my god so we what so
you're just giving me or him you know
who is getting good and it was getting
not feels like sabotage I did get to do
the switch if I want you to pick one you
think one huh
I want one I'm gonna have I think miss
Rosa trickery I think you thought I
would want to switch so I'm gonna keep
three two one reveal Oh yum delicious
wait oh wait I didn't know it was gonna
be like a gummy pickle thing I was just
gonna be gummy and good oh is this not a
pickle this is so cute
uh-huh my mouth would tickle no really
it just smells like pickle like you cut
it next to a pickle for a while so
things but that whole thing or nothing
want to try it lady on the traffic with
me oh yeah all right it does mind it's
like nothing extra like a Lindsay
mythical it doesn't give it well put
more fun without no Lulu okay
whoa Nast so this is number two moving
up my shyness uh there's a little baby
chicken up to 100 lucky where's this
gonna taste like a burger it's not fun
there they didn't willing to play sounds
good look look on Larry sickle which I
just did lettuce tomato she Wow I got it
let it straight little meat that's it
and cheese and go
mmm-hmm Wow myself like a real burger mm
Wow very horrible
oh my cabaret no love it
ugh lose I you guys good job fun all I'm
doing is biting into goo L being a
youtuber three two one who are you
you don't know that without you know
look at these should have looked and
seen but if you gotta eat a frog leg
this is coming rotation no it's like
chicken I can't believe you mmm know how
to listen I eat it
he's a chicken it's just tastes like
chicken
there's a chicken feet on who are you
there's a really wrong ready for the
next one yeah but we have to try that I
have to try you don't have to try thank
you I see you because they just means
I'm gonna eat them growed one nd oh man
I gotta use a bandage I don't want to
eat this pretty girl about these up have
to have you ever tasted a band-aid
have you no you know when you're like
swimming in a pool and then you're like
there's a whole lot like a band-aid oh
me neither
here we go it's ring this medical oh my
god when you put that it's gonna patch
it right up hey you guys you pull it
swallow it don't fall you do not owe me
a mo it's not fun it really simple oh my
neck the Sun all while the Compendium
well is it super handy what is it hold
on Golic chin cam mine's not heavy I'm
afraid II don't go yet why why cuz you
uh-oh
do you notice this it's a giant worm
what does I mean you have no you're
joking to me I am going to vomit
100% no decoration I like my stomach
ashes and you've lost your mind
these are little critters that deserve
love and respect I am here to protect
them are you really gonna I'm not even
joking it right now it's super moving
you want in a big one understand I have
a world where this is going down my
throat beer I'll take one of yours know
you could wanna hear you just touch it
because look at this one sick oh I hate
that you can see through and see all
this poop Oh didn't you know
whoa this one's a different over hate it
I hate it why is it how does it get sick
stay away super movie right now okay
open oh no I'm not then I'm not a ghost
Alastor sabe I could kill you good yeah
the Moonwalker is good oh I like the
included people meld you throw one on me
how are you gagging little tiring I need
a nap that's always our guest today
thanks to Tyler Oakley for coming by and
doing gross stuff yeah I'm gonna come by
for any tricks you'll see - no actually
maybe I would I don't know well only if
I get the good stuff because I'm like I
got the girl I got frog leg
I got worm would you help you a band-aid
my band-aids I didn't want to eat a
band-aid cns tomorrow as always make
sure you go to his home because we come
something super fun and messy on his
news channel Rick it's live it's live
subscribe to him subscribe to me oh
don't forget to like this video and if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
always an elbow or knee on life
well
