what is wouldn't be wanted to go moose
what is that yo what is this thing that
you're trying to hold with your hands
like a human tell the folks at home okay
you're busy I'll tell them and this
believe it or not is an antler weight
from which Adam will learn me see oh
wait dogs love this thing I heal it this
is a number one thing he loves nothing
more than this
and Guppies number one thing is a big
hook I don't know what it is I guess it
tastes like that animal or something or
I don't know and it's a bone so he loves
it we're just trying to help him live
his best life good boy
Loren is over here editing editing her
life away as she does all the time just
for her her little pretty little ores
say we have some really big news on that
suit soon we are hitting 10 million
subscribers and it's let me see what we
have right now let me let me let me see
phone minute real quick right now though
and we are at nine million eight hundred
and sixty eight thousand subscribers
that means we only need four hundred
thousand more until he hit
can you even count to ten million I
didn't think so when that goes down I
got a little surprise for my wasabi uns
oh okay by us when we hit the 10 million
mark there will be a 10% discount on the
entire sabe comm store there will be
brand-new limited-edition
never again gonna be made 10 million
wasabi on merch to celebrate we are
making merch
specifically for this milestone cuz it's
a big one and we will be doing the
biggest wasabi March giveaway we've done
so far I'll be explaining this all in
the near future what's going down what
the giveaway entails exactly
specifically but for now it's time to
celebrate my brother's birthday
the next day what's up guys so yesterday
Aaron's birthday party got kind of crazy
yeah
these got weird and I'm not feeling a
hundred percent this morning I was
yelling a lot it was Aaron's birthday go
after a night of having fun with your
friends you gotta replenish and recover
with the power of a pedicure this is the
first time I've had my nails painted
black it's it's high school high school
yeah it's been a while I never what you
don't like it what you would never do it
never oh wow oh really really what's
that I said I stubbed all my toes and
they're bruised uh-huh hey are you going
come back here hey I actually like these
flip-flops I like to walk on solid
ground sometimes without shoes on just
to let my feet know how good they have
it I'm like hey guys come on you got it
good this is what our ancestors used to
do man don't feel fancy okay
I feel like we should be walking on a
red carpet or something yeah
what are the odds of that let's go to
the dog park you don't even know what's
about to go down bro
that is baby guppy hey baby could be oh
my god they're meeting oh my gosh Lauren
you're in the shadow aah oh my gosh he's
like are you from the future
this is you from the future Guffey has
come back to tell you a message sniff my
butt and let the baby party oh my god
this is baby okay guys sit good boy sit
the B sit sit your boot yes time to wash
your hands one two three and four cut
this turn oh look a tiny baby three and
four oh babe okay Lauren oh this is your
first time over since the last time you
fell in the pool cook up E oh do not go
in the pool watch out watch out copy
good exploring don't go in the pool Lord
no no how do we got pretty go in come on
hey crazy hands okay brothers say bye we
gotta go hey no hey I'll two three no
moose I'll see you soon I'll see you
tomorrow
come on we have an important mission to
go on we don't got time to dilly-dally
come on so this is the mission that we
must embark on together I'm gonna need
both your helps my hump ant Guppies
hello the mission is Aerith birthday is
very soon I have to get him a birthday
present and I don't know if you had
knows about me but I stress out and I
always want to get the best birthday
present but it's not easy getting press
this is so hard it's so stressful so I
have a few ideas I just I just want to
run by you I'm here okay
Oh
last thing maybe it's me
that is not I think up you see little
purple he does not
no way your call no look at me my cards
the keys with it
how are you really five record hippies
you borrow the keys from him
you can't keep borrowing one of his
birthday presents Alex you're so bad
we're brothers we share everything wait
is is this a problem
what only older brother a present you
can't tell me what welcome to the end of
block talk I know I made the thumbnail
super dramatic but I just thought it'd
be funny to poke fun at the clique
beating things that youtubers do so oh I
might have been a little extra super
struggling to find out what I need to
get Aaron for his birthday and I have
one more day if you guys got any ideas
comment down below help me out why you
down there hit that like button if
you're not subscribed hit that subscribe
button then I'll see you tomorrow until
then do not forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong wait
wait wait wait wait yeah
