what it is what it mean what it dildo
goodbye Lauren would be barren I like on
no it cannot come sorry chicken nuggets
aren't allowed no no mooses are not
allowed either your big antlers won't
fit in the car buddy
I bet he's gonna be so big when I get
back he's gonna be so bad he's ready
yeah everybody packed up you ready
before we go I have a present for Air
Command everyone getting presents lately
your presence make me nervous though you
never know what you're gonna give did
you know something no I pulled it out
from behind your desk phones without
whose okay and I picked it up overhead
anything but you wait wait wait wait
wait we have sister supple gotta go okay
do you have to poop do you have to poop
you burned up a bunny you're almost home
we're so close to being homeless be back
in a little bit I asked you if you had
to go before we left you said no on the
way to our destination to make my dad's
lifelong dream come true
but we had to make a little pit stop to
get him some updated clothing he's not a
heavy guy growing up he put on a little
dad away but since the last time we saw
him he lost 20 pounds now being a
heavier guy for years and years and
years
he doesn't realized that he doesn't need
to wear extra-large anymore so we
brought him here to get him some better
fitting clothes and he feels worried
about it cause he says too tight is it
large the large nose not is it really
look that looks a lot better that looks
way better you were an extra lies it was
so loose usually you have sweatpants on
and they're super loose but now you lost
a bunch of weight those are perfect
I got it done though see it's a black
eye look like and it will go come on
you're gonna be late for prom hurry up
are you changing or are you just staring
at yourself in the mirror I knew it no
it's not tight it fits
that's how joggers fit you can't be
wearing baggy sweatpants anymore
you're the father of a social media star
are you naked this anyways
we have been in the car for three hours
and we are almost to our destination I
think if I have I let you know where we
are going where one by one the lovely
we're going to LA the reason is he come
on that is where they are holding the
biggest poker tournament is the entire
solar system right yeah I don't know if
they please look around Saturn or
Jupiter or anywhere but I'll be expert
earth it's the number one core guitar in
the world I am putting my dad in as a
late Father's Day present because it's
one of his biggest rooms so we are going
right now I told him I'm going to fly
you out to LA we're going to drive to
Vegas and we're going to fulfill your
dreams right yes are you gonna enter
No okay your head still hurt from that
from that bottle we are so close less
than 50 miles and we are in Vegas let's
go welcome to our residence for the next
beauty
what what is this hello yeah we have
this week we have this gift basket in
our room and we were wondering if we can
eat it or do we have to pay for it the
host we have a host okay all right okay
cool yeah that's how we get it I guess
they found out who is staying here and
they gave us some treats and they're
Asian treats in here too
wow they did their research I think
there's a Filipino yes coconut drink
right there okay finally made it to
Vegas
it took so wait I have a basketball game
did you come here to play piano or to
play basketball you were chuckles good
did you bring the thali to be sweaty I
do it but a lot yeah I hear the table
television oscillate most fashion in the
game of updated height my master the
male doesn't wear on report button
you got your nail yeah I think that
he'll recognize the shirt but I'm not
sure okay
just got it in the mail my friend sent
it to me but I think you might know him
a song I decided I want to beat you and
your best friend shirt
hahahaha and now we're it good to see
you on the court
boys you're right now if you like
version files I feel bad enough Logan my
best friend Bernie it's not going to
change the fact time to take you down
Glenda take me down boy so today I have
my friend not cool man not cool
did you give us that yes okay cool today
I got my boy George here to play for a
charity as you know I play youtubers 1v1
211 and whoever went I don't know ever
whoops go watch this right over here
know what's right over here alright so
if you win what charity would you like
me to donate 200 I care I'm going to go
with my church I only gave my money to
my church and then have dama give it to
hungry people in need
oh yeah that's such a good cause okay I
really hope you practice I really hope
what cuz you guys W nice cause you're
gonna leave me give me the dirt Oh watch
it watch it
Oh Stingo
Wow a little bit
Oh
like that
big to know how you make it that can't
judge me - don't do it don't know
ten
George's here and we were like halfway
through a little over halfway because 1
to 15 not like my regular videos that go
to 11 it's 10 to 5 I got it I gotta get
my head of this game am I surprised not
really no no I expected this I'm a
little surprised if the key it's a
little hotter than I assumed I'm
actually letting him try to catch up a
little bit that'd be kind of fun but I
was expecting a little bit more Celeste
what a bag that I love that I love it
I'm not really good at math whatever it
is
well you guys have pointing on oh yeah
13 till 11:00 I'm up we're going to 15
and you're going to play there's you
know tied up one more to you in
ah what what happened exhaust doesn't
get game though it's a great game whoa
it was named your church on the him up
st. Mary's they married to moon you have
to be a lot of people three marriages
furniture fabrics you let me down why Oh
whew that was tiring be serious what I
went back to LA and came back what you
think I forgot to put that footage in
yesterday's vlog and pretended to fly
back all the way to LA and all the way
back here just so I could put it in
today's vlog
No Oh sign the ridges our underwriters
are you ready let's go let's go
registers you can play with some of the
best poker players in the world time to
buy in here you looking at on you got
your son's with you for good luck
and we're about to interview in it's not
to happen however you want it to do this
for two years thirty years
where'd you take it
and of all the people in these lines are
paying $10,000
it's a $10,000 entropy but everybody has
a $10,000 wad of cash there's 7,000
people playing in the back seven
thousand times ten thousand its
submitting million dollars there's
70,000 70,000 no not you sure yes no pop
out the people get paid first please
eight million dollars so good luck
father thank you Papa wasabi you got
this money dad yeah damn to go you gotta
give it to death yes you got your ticket
I got it right here
laughs you're in you're in alcohol and
walk tomorrow 11 o'clock you're in
you're playing against the best of the
best
visit envy this is the number one this
is a poker game he is a deep poker game
celebrities that have played before are
Kevin Hart Matt Damon Ben Affleck Tobey
Maguire Tom Hanks Michael Phelps but I
want to know about the actual
championship poker player who's like the
top poker players in all tournaments
yeah every year younger Negreanu 200
fellow blogger Daniel Negreanu right
here take him out yeah you know I love
you and now he's second am I am done one
more Chris Moneymaker um I don't know
who this is a Phil Ivey hopeful I'm I
heard that name around that round or
around the table taking him out okay so
it starts tomorrow and it lasts until we
can have some defenders yellow ESPN hold
on okay all right all right Negreanu Ivy
can we're coming for you that's it Kevin
Hart
I'm going to be in this Brazilian room
tomorrow okay this is it oh oh we can
find out the table that 116 everything
I'm gonna check it out where's it at
that's your table tomorrow little bit
because you can do it right here ah the
chow
you really playing right there coming to
the last each day but literally 11 hours
should we plan for 11 hours in one chair
if you get tired you attack me in I'm
going to fill the head on your doing
they'll even Malcolm this is going to be
a long journey adventure but I believe
in you you can make it super far and we
we believe in you that's true and we're
going to be here every step of the way
except for Wednesday I have to fly back
to LA for some things but then I come
right back on Friday
ok so stay in itself writing the article
this is not just your average they all
get together polka polka friends kind of
game this is a big deal so we need to
get my father read you've been fully fed
now we just need to get you relaxed and
I got something that will help with that
step 2 of getting my dad ready and
prepared for the World Series of Poker
is massage we got one massage - massage
three massage and you get a massage
isn't it weird if we have a massage on
the same room no no you sure
and he just needs to relax no stiffness
no deep tissue just relax
yeah I believe in you you sound
confident dad I'm going to fall asleep
and snore so just know that really
thinking is drunk oh good no we're all
can get in our underwear what that's how
you get massage what she doesn't make it
this weird it's not weird you're making
this weird no welcome to the end of vlog
talk it is the next morning Aaron
getting ready we're going to go meet up
with my dad and we're going to go walk
him to the first table he's going to
play in it's like a two week or week and
a half long tournament 10 to 11 hours
everyday sitting down playing until he
gets to the final table so make sure to
come back tomorrow to see if you made it
past his first day there was actually
over a thousand people playing yesterday
and a lot of people already got knocked
down and when you get knocked out you're
out there's nobody back in there's
nothing you can
you can't say pretty please it's done so
wish him luck and come back tomorrow
yeah we are go oh okay wait where he's
like 6 minutes for turn ok ok I come
back tomorrow to see is amazing the next
round
don't forget to subscribe like the fog
trails get fun and if you're not follow
your doing around ok bye ok bye
always an elbow or knee
