stop stop w you tell me if you saw your
suffering what it is would it be would
it dodo
oh when they're flipping out starting
off the day with a collab with one of my
good friends I've only known him for
like six years but we never collab
together until this day this day will go
down in history we just got to his place
we bout to film a video for his channel
then a video from my channel I'm not
going to tell you what we'll film it but
I will tell you who it is B dough Lego
are you ready I want to show you on the
blog okay okay here you go here you go
oh so that's what she's doing right now
hi we're about to film the best video
that's ever gone on you can ever oh
definitely over 21 times daily vlogs
what's up guys that's my Alfie deyes
impression imagining that ha hey guys
hey everyone
what do you say in the daily vlog I just
went and got coffee yes I got a nitro
light ice but it's very good and that's
all thank you for subscribing to the
video what are we doing for your channel
it's like don't say it okay it's a
secret when does it come out it comes
out Tuesday Tuesday both of our videos
come out Tuesday hit is on two things
mine is on Tuesday get ready call me
awesome I'm not sure I like a lot hey
everyone can you get stopped being you
and start being me just finish
Tyler's video and it got a little messy
but it's not going to be as messy as my
video I will say no it was intimate what
do you think is going to happen with our
video when you heard about Lady
awareness videos
my video um I don't know I heard all I
heard was don't let it out don't let it
out what the heck did you kids do the
Nova the CMAs did you fifty no you go
ahead towards like we're eating gummy
thing or the real version of thing yes
gummy I said so like isn't going to be
like a gummy octopus or a real octopus
now let's see I keep on find out and you
guys will find out Tuesday
how was the video I hated it why I went
I was truly tortured hahaha I thought
you were going to be nice I was a nice
come on I had to do some bad weird stuff
to that I can't should we show that no
it makes the moment because oh I'm going
to tell you something something grody
uh-huh touch my upper lip and I think
I'm accident it was not out so it was
not matter this I swear to God I didn't
do it on purpose
I'll show you I'll show you guys this is
gross Pro dork what I just consumed what
I say when somebody brought this to you
at a restaurant exactly what does a
petition you oh my god that is so wrong
here let's put it inside the burger you
need lift that my girl oh no this is I
think it's for you to order please it's
like a blanket don't bring good for me
I'm being peeking out oh my god oh oh oh
she hates the blanket
you're in you all thank you for your
participation guys your checks will come
in the mail and just as a disclaimer no
worms are hurt in the making of this
film
enjoy your free start a new life
you could be anyone you want to be we
just got done watching spot I'm at
homecoming and want to get big those are
your favorites I remove it
no man no before Herbalife I have to say
I agree with Jimmy that is not my
favorite spider-man because I didn't
really like it
well I'm sorry I did it was like not
enough fighting is more about never mind
about he's crazy is a long movie and
interest of a while and there wasn't
really much fighting but look he hit his
head on the ceiling knocked himself out
he lived through a plane crash punched
in the face and into it through a bus
and he didn't get knocked out he didn't
get a single bruise on the whole to us
and then he jumped and knocked himself
out well he was like crophopper you all
know about that what happened to a
spider senses no minors learn to
appreciate it you ready yet there
there's no spider senses that's the main
one that comes with the spider bite I
don't know I'm just being honest it was
good but it will mean something it might
have been my least favorite spot I moved
over to the river hashtag at all right
don't get me wrong the spider-man movie
it was good it was good
you definitely go watch it it's a very
good movie but I just I just wanted more
price
Aspen we will use up I have somewhat of
a confession I have slightly I have been
like what I wouldn't say it's lying I
wouldn't call it lie as a youtuber some
of the things in the vlogs are set up
not in the way you're thinking though I
it happened again the cabinet opened up
again I did two times the time why is it
you've never seen it open more oh
 thought about as a good um it's
like when I have basketball games I'm
like hey challenger where you at where
you at and they show up of course I'm
playing around and pick up II pick up
the puppy hey cut the puppy hey not on
the table not on the table for work have
you ever seen the cabinet open up so
when I have those games I say oh who is
it oh you want to play me all blah blah
blah but of course I know who they are
they texted me that said hey I want to
play for this charity I'm like ok let's
do it
so it's like that with the ghost thing
if you guys watch my daily vlogs you
know that I had I would thing there was
a ghost and uh it was just visual
effects it was just the camera angle and
and all that stuff and I was like just I
just wanted to make a cool scary video
but it was fake this is what I'm talking
about I know it's you
that don't jump I'm going to take this
off don't jump
no no no and then also when I tackled
him it was fake no I'm telling you guys
this because I think that we actually
like some into ghosts I think there's a
ghost now because we're faking the ghost
so now a real goal is here like that's
not cool or something I don't know weird
stuff like the cabinet thing and then
there's some other things has been
happening that I have not been vlogging
because so it's kind of scared and I
thought it's just whatever the wind or
the ACS but I'll definitely start
plugging them so you guys can see what
I'm talking about things are getting
weird
c'mere guppy have you been seeing weird
stuff going on you've been seeing weird
stuff going down huh have you hot on one
a stop stop cubby you tell me if you saw
her - that's right what wait hey
come on let's be friends hey come on I
love you but I don't you write hey
you're the only one that understands me
guppy yes they would come back I need
you to come back did you come back from
me or did you come back for this bone
I'm still going to tell people you came
back for me
welcome to the end of vlog talk had a
hard time sleeping last night because I
was still a little creeped out
ah but mister ghosty ghost so I got a
late start on today but I got to get up
and get the day started
I still haven't gone to see my bill
water that's all I got for yesterday
see you tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe don't forget to like this
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye always an elbow or knee
on life
as well
