it's broken haha that was awesome what
is what it be what it do - welcome back
to another episode with my friend mr.
king of random bro one of the most
popular projects from my channel which
is match Hawks Rockets they're really
simple to make it a lot of fun match box
rocket makes me think that these are
going to go flying the reason I called
matchbox Rockets is because you use one
single match head to make these things
fly and they seem to shoot about 20 to
30 feet across the room so we are
literally doing like pyrotechnic cool
stuff but on a very small scale and this
literally is rocket science I will
believe it I see it you're getting a box
of matches
why have box magic okay well that was
perfect hold on of your Jackie luma
Boyle oh there you go perfect bamboo
skewers oh god those right here we're
also going to need two of this aluminum
foil tape you get from the hardware
store from the Home Depot it's a nice
big and it's exactly like that we have
all the materials we need a pair of
scissors of course going to help us get
the job done
nice we've got our scissors now get busy
and go out oh wait you need this oh yeah
we're going to need that lit up just
happen to have one as well we're going
to be building these little rocket
templates that look something like this
if you want to make two or three or four
at a time you can use a little bit of
paper towel and then we're just going to
fold the foil up into two or three parts
and then when you fold it again all
we're looking for is that there's enough
room you can get one of those templates
out of the middle cut now what when you
cut aluminum foil it actually like stick
to itself by putting little pieces of
paper towel in there the templates wine
okay start off with one of these skewers
you want to take a pair of scissors and
just snip the tip that's just going to
smooth these down and it's going to help
our Rockets launch awfully here we're
going to use the other ends of the flat
end of the skewer so there's two sides
of the template you can see there's one
really long end and there's a very short
end on the other side and we're going to
be working with this long end take your
skewer you want to set on the end here
we're just going to start to roll up
this tin foil but we're not going to
start rolling yet we just want to get
the forms started next step is to grab
our match heads
remember this is our rocket fuel we're
going to sit tips of our match heads
boom there
oh that's our solid today to rocket zero
mass bump I'm going to take our one
match head and we want to turn it around
so that the tip of the match head is up
the bottom of the match says down and
we're gonna set that right on top of the
skewer
once that's in we're going to start
rolling that up the tighter you can roll
it the better that this is going to work
so once you get everything rolled up
we're going to pinch the foil right
above the match set here and this is the
most important part we're going to fold
it over and we're going to crimp it a
pair of pliers works well if you want of
pliers you can use your teeth just be
very careful
I hope fake tooth oh really yeah that's
good thank you and it should look
something like that doesn't have to be
pretty just has to be functional how you
making out Alex I think it's good is
that good yeah I think so
our Rockets are pretty much done all got
to do now is add the fins where it gets
a little bit tricky we're going to some
metal tape origami
Camela tip origami we want to cut a
strip that's about the same width as
that red band perfect and we want to
turn these into a square and the easiest
way to do that is just to take one
corner and fold it down diagonally until
it touches the other side that gives you
a little triangle you're just gonna be
left with a little square like that this
line we're going to fold one tip to the
other tip and then if we pinch it here
at the bottom and pinch it here at the
bottom we push the two ends toward each
other like this it turns into a star
whoa
alright cool so now once we've got that
we're just going to take our scissors
and snip a little hole in the tip right
there and then we're going to peel the
tape off the back I like it I like it
and then you know secure your eye and
don't do what alex is doing yeah done
well this is where the fins come
together so we're going to kind of fold
this down find a place about 3/4 of the
way down pinch the edges and then push
it until it sticks and we're just going
to rotate it and do the same thing with
the other two fins or impress everything
in place whoa and just like that we have
a finished rocket ready to go what
that's it yours looks way better
first try all let's do is apply some
heat to the match heads it's inside
that's where the BBQ igniter comes in
we're just going to hold this under the
tip of that match head until lights off
and watch our rocket shoot you're ready
to give a try yeah and let's watch it
fly it's broken
that was awesome no does a lot of power
bad shot for it I hit the wall don't do
this indoors it's more of an outdoor
activity whoa
how crazy is good yeah so do more all
right we got another one right here and
you can see this is a smaller one this
one's gonna shoot up higher Oh TIFF
extinct okay if it explodes on the top
we have a problem now that we've tested
these things out
let's mass-produce them and shoot them
all off ready go
done nice Wow well you shall have a
pushing process here either great they
are ready to fly so what we're gonna do
I bet I could catch one you mean like
you want me to fire one of these things
up and shoot it at you yeah this you can
catch it I can catch it in your mouth no
I'm okay big steps that is extremely
dangerous it sounds like something we
should probably try Alice is way back
from there about 20 feet away are you
ready for this I'm ready hold on you
crazy
I've never seen a we do this before just
for the record
oh it smells a little squirt Oh
ready come on go farther oh please I
believe I'm turning these glasses will
help me feel less afraid of the metal
rockets coming on the face oh all right
we only have two more rockets so I have
to catch them within need to feel like
this stick is burning yeah I don't think
the match is going off oh well we got
one more shot of this what's that ring
needs more there's a blurry okay once
you think about seven eight nine ten
minutes we got a lawn dart it so hot
whoa Oh turn ahead yeah I got this I got
this I'm not gonna probably felt and
once again and I close these doors so he
does get by me he'll bounce off and
maybe I can catch off the balance and it
still counts because the boardwalk Oh
around in my head that was the best
I felt it though good right there on the
right there failure had come upon us we
have disgraced the kingdom well that's
all we got er today looks like I was not
able to catch it but it's probably for
the best because these are really high a
broom yeah carpenters curtain they'll
definitely burn human flesh so do not do
this at home thank you to grant the king
of random for coming by did an awesome
job this is great and scary and
dangerous my three favorite things I
have instructions on how to build this
on
my channel as well the matchbox rocket
projects on the Koran go check that out
if you have liked this vlog subscribe
like the blog and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling
you're on okay bye Oh
