yo there's a dancer behind what it is
would it be what it do dog
goodbye moose aka moosie aka Lucy Lucy
head after you'll pick up my long-lost
friend I think he's my cousin
hmm no ah the girls looking up from the
airport I thought everyone was
recombinant agility is true as well
okay bye now made it to the airport now
just got to find him
I'm not even sure if I know what he
looks like now in a long time look at
that leg close the off ha ha ha
I ordered it oh no I can't wait
surprised are you ready to see Aaron
after like 15 years
oh yeah you gonna be so surprised he has
no idea yeah I know
we got another roommate could be could
be my cousin so we all know for cousin
they're not because mom says we're
cousins
yeah but also if you know say that we're
all related I don't know all right man
I'm glad you're here but I got some
business to take care of because I got a
challenger downstairs challenge our show
yourself I know you're here where is you
hoping
for you come here to challenge me on my
court
you win I don't have $2,000 you know how
it works with charity but you told it
all right so my family from hell feel
endangered right now oh and for Bari in
the park dammit
oh thank you Oh in the drought oh okay
okay okay I need some help
I'm gonna be get fall first
oh you're giving you the ball yeah my
clothes belong in that it goes into the
can there's no asic then he has his
intervention Oh
oh girl too exciting good Oh how's
investing
junsu and like playing a skyscraper is
rough he's laying it on top knee during
his life he's blocking me I got one hand
I love you surprised that happen but you
know got hold down for the massage so I
mean I think it is chance to stretch it
while he was talking you know I got my
stretches in my second wind started
coming down I show up summarizing Keynes
we not depends what are you living okay
look I'm six foot if this guy 10 inches
higher than me no that's the answer
Oh for three cheating passenger parents
leave the elevator nothing
what string music not by my what those
matter the contract you only got 300
dinars okay I think at the flubber on
issues
I'm sorry I could go further no no make
it a point to make the three - are you
go here we go he'll ours right here
hey mama daddy I'm comin I'm here to
help you
okay this guy there's a new rule for
these charity games on how to tell does
it stick since it's your first day here
I decided I got to take you to one of my
favorite stores where hey you won't find
out coming what yo what are you guys
doing here so you left
we're about to going to sort on it you
guys trying to go yeah okay let's roll
all right yo while you're in LA we got
to play basketball for charity I get
tweets about it all the time you know I
don't follow
but for charity man come on I do like
the fact in seniority but I got a baller
yeah you are looking at the height okay
all you need how stronger than what's up
you all day on that strong strong okay
they're that strong strong you know if
this video it's 150,000 like okay you're
gonna play I play promise I just rock
here
handshake in front of everybody hundred
fifty thousand lakes and I'll play later
let's get it guys look giddy if he's
gonna get embarrassed
okay give me something because it is
first time in a life so I'm taking
together to get it shoes clean marry her
yeah no you're not
yeah they do you cleaning do they do you
guys clean gym here thank you
no they don't clean shoes I guess I just
have to get you some use I'll get myself
who shoes and you get yourself an issue
that will have the same shoes I will be
twins
choose one um this yellow one it looks
pretty bare Ellen I really like the
yellow on yellow pretty expensive is it
very let's live a client okay
I drink it depends on what then we don't
have to get it but I don't and you have
I'm not anymore
how long you know you get it hotel suite
nothing head and again you could put it
don't do it don't do it well are you
sure you want to do this huh you said
Henry buy it
happy happy Estelle's okay what if they
all number size will cook another coin
okay they have my size ten and a half
but they don't have this jolly green
giant size five thirteen I don't have it
so so they don't have it so we can't get
it what I told Alex I was like yo they
don't have him here but I know I said
150 before 150 thousand lights but 160
thousand lights we will go out to
another store that has them yeah I'll
get them let's get up okay so you guys
know what to do smash the like button
yeah so shake your hand Jam right there
Hanson I will get those shoes check
those out again I think there you go
guys the deal is me oh my god look again
crazy
dinner is served
whoa Michael I know yeah we are in
Universal CityWalk heading to Universal
Studios because my boys never been and
we bout to show them a good time
but I'm not trying to get kicked out
like last time
flashback yeah we gonna be quiet so we
don't make a big crowd they're going to
kick me out of the park we gotta go
we're in trouble
hard rock we gotta get out so I gotta
stay incognito as we go go through the
park go
welcome to Harry Potter world
we're not pitaka lady your painting
comes over here oh hey I'll be here what
it is would be able to do it oh don't
worry sure you probably fit on a couple
book yeah you got that half cup of puff
vibe going on what are you well they're
in Oh
USA
this is good
that's true oh okay and couldn't
represent says all up to you you can do
it
Oh welcome to Jurassic Park right now in
most areas
anything is it ever yeah no Big Daddy
brother never realism in song you try
make me do why have you suppose my
contest or is long back I've never
fallen be scared of your fine it's not
real like your own time Oh
ah
while your Harvey so hard dude Sanford
mommy mommy
give it like in halo again terrified why
hey mommy mother both of them yeah dude
taught to talk to wet beers in the world
hahahaha I didn't know you said told me
hahahaha
I have a question for you guys who watch
my videos okay but who watches them the
most
I have a question what is Lawrence dogs
in great he's a new dog he's in the
newest vlog who knows it okay okay
here's another one - what my brother's
dog's name oh you can have my jacket how
are you gonna keep it forever forever
you promise you're gonna give it to your
grandkids one day oh you're not even
sure oh you're gross yo there's a dancer
behind you know right would you like to
go on a date with me yeah do you know
any other couples that would like to go
with that
Oh which of you guys do missing you miss
me another kini salted caramel custard
with candy walnut
whipped cream and love no no no no no no
don't do it that's not your example you
want to set for mousse
Wow okay mousse has a bad case of the
toll ankle foot area biting Lauren says
if I remain calm slowly coming to the
front you will not bite me okay he
didn't bite it nibbled a little bit see
okay well you're right I know I don't
you oh oh oh that's a big poopy you got
the Tinky Tinky is just like dad please
don't hurt don't do it okay good there
you go don't bite those no good boy good
boy good boy
he is getting better but even I know you
love me but mommy's calling you boy over
there he loves me you Parker my ear here
is gross he loves it he loves me he
loves me so much and I love you too
except for when you do that sit good boy
I made it too tall for you sorry about
it
daddy is now
yeah no my fault he has no hops Oh No
welcome to the end of vlog talk a lot of
stuff happened today
vlog recap put my cup intently after not
seeing him for 17 years played against
the giant and basketball donated to a
giraffe charity made eight hundred and
sixty thousand likes deal with Wolfie to
play me 101 in charity basketball and
maybe buy the most expensive shoes I've
ever bought but yo for real you I'd have
to smash that like button because we get
to hit sixty thousand likes I get the
flavor bad ball and he's so bad it's
gonna be so funny confronted Anthony's
two biggest fears had dinner with Lauren
and got bit by a moose recap complete
make sure to come back tomorrow because
I am going to Hollywood to the building
that I used to live in because on top is
a billboard they just put up and I'm on
it and I'm bringing you guys along
that's all I got for you guys today
don't forget to subscribe don't forget
to like this one and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
always an elbow or knee on my side
as well
