tonight got be surprised what it is
would it be what I do dog welcome to
another day of random activities of my
life including Lauren and today Julian
not random but the random things happen
to us Julian is part of team with Xavier
and he helps me out in life with
everything one of his talent is that me
used to be a personal trainer so you're
going to stretch us out because I my
back hurts I got pain I need to stretch
I don't know how many trou okay we're
not flexible people let me know when
it's when he gets a little painful slips
put in the palm down and come back up
whew I've never met my life with seven
hey nice
here's why hahaha
oh man what do you want to try to bring
your knees to the ground spot what are
they bitch I need your help
Wow okay go from there let's arms more
legs okay it's not going to go down
why is this hey are you ready for the
best ice cream of life lactate the ice
cream of all ice cream it might not look
like that many flavors but just wait
till you see how it comes can I see her
I love ice cream dance whoa there's your
ice cream yes
oh my god thank you
okay thank y'all good care for you you
can't be carefu the entertainment
picture for Miriam at Alex's audience we
get enabling mom he's taking a nap
she said when you wake up which you just
did
that I have to make you poop in the
grass
you're not done in there now good night
oh oh oh
nope you're up if you have to use a
bathroom go to the grass okay or lay
right there that worked - I have to go
get a haircut okay you hold down the
fort
you be the man of the house until I get
back okay bye now
you too bye now Allie got my foot I need
a hair I'm going to show you what my
hair looks like right now and it's bad
don't freak out it's so bad don't look
at me don't look at it time to get this
fixed
what are we gonna have a puppy date is
you ready - mccauley because Ollie's
ready a little grew back soon soon I got
I'm gonna put a picture Molly right
there
you make me beautiful because my hair is
looking looking bad good okay thank you
thank you my man I look great a hairy
man finally like me
yeah all right thank you thank you the
same as always
oh yeah okay so I have a proposition or
have this coin I'll flip it if it gets
head is a free haircut
ooh okay but if it gets tail then you
can have whatever in my wallet
I'm not sure what's in my wallet now but
it might be good it might be a lot
knowing you you got something
oh my god I'll gamble okay hey take a
little bit this head I went help you in
it has it is oh wait that we do it no oh
no oh hey whatever is in your wallet I
need your ID to everything oh I forgot
my rent money
hi deal's a deal you got all this deals
a deal but it deals a deal
yeah I let her down a haircut you can
have your gold coin back real quick no
no 500 bucks
another haircut you eat your lifelong
friend you have gonna be best friends
and it's gonna be great
and you're gonna love him and he's gonna
love you that's a good cause behind my
back welcome to my room and guppy isn't
a liver I'm waiting for you right now I
think he smells guppy or he's gonna
probably go no he didn't guffy likes
poop in my room so he probably thought
uh be food because this is Guppies poop
sanctuary for some reason he's going to
all of guppy favorite poop spots which
is everywhere not on the clothes no
those are ones there are these little
em'ly dirty dirt oh oh oh
I think it's not like that hey hey stop
aah what aah
they're jumping off on their own aah
unite kisses only no not that should not
be easy shoes are coming off an socks
maybe should warn everybody out there
yeah
you can't we're talking shoes he killed
your feet if you have socks or shoes on
guffy you don't even know what's about
to go down you're about to meet your
lifelong friend your lifelong cousin is
coming for you he's in the other room
you just stay looking nice he'll be
right here over here over here you got
to be nice ok guppy he's a baby I heard
that dogs can tell when other dogs are
babies so we'll see
be nice got the oh I know baby brother
you see for this
yeah they can be brothers oh yeah here's
I just got feel each other out
okay alright that's kind of aggressive
Guffey you're going to end up inside
there you go oh you can't do that Oh got
me can do come on hey we want to play
too you can with me okay haha it is
dealing to the route a little bit and
got you trying to go inside of movie
buff along you can't pick up E hey Doc
yeah oh you're actually in there you're
a resident of mooses Bohol why why I
need the kisser because you can't get
all over oh yeah
somebody's boss mugs yeah
Wow they're playing finally oh my god
this is going really well
yeah this is the best I've seen him play
with somebody without going crazy I
think he knows that he's a baby he's
going lightly yay that's red
oh they're going to burn off so much
energy together oh my god let's make it
a boundary that I truly can't tell they
miss each other now this is coming out
oh this cookie ha ha ha what are you
doing hey I know you have good taste but
no let go let go stop stop stop
Hey yeah I have a special task I'm gonna
need your guys's help my beautiful
lovely handsome you say that my
beautiful girlfriend laurdiy is super
close to 6 million subscribers Oh
literally less than 100 thousand later
you're close she's really close so if
you're not subscribed to youtube.com
slash laurdiy go subscribe to right now
cuz she gon hit that 6 million real soon
and I promised her to hit it before July
4th
so help me not be a liar and and yeah
goop all over it now
ha ha ha happen yeah tomorrow the
fidgets spinner is set for your phones
are out in the outside beast or at 1
p.m. what time when there are three
colors green pink and black mm of each
one will be going in the store so you
got a hurry and get yours quick because
they're gonna sell out by the end of the
day I think they're gonna sell out by
like within like five hours 3 hours 3
hours that's mm and our forget 8 million
wasabi ends and they rip the family
horde you write you write 3 hours
let's see if we can do it in three hours
I think we can actually there's a story
I want to tell you guys about once we
get back to the apartment but for right
now I'm going to tuck in Lauren and
moose and then go back to my apartment
just go to sleep and get up early so I
can go on a Disney show welcome to the
end of vlog talk tomorrow the fidgets
spinners will be in store at 1 p.m. 1
p.m. as I said before there's only 3
colors and there's 2,000 of each color
that means there's 6000 spinners Lauren
thinks we can sell them in 3 hours as
2,000 spinners per hour I would have
done more because I know the less
audience are going to represent and show
up but Aaron said maybe you should sell
not as much because the asabi ins are
probably not going to want to get 6,000
these spinners for your phone I looked
at him in the eye and I said yeah so
we're going to prove and wrong and show
him that wasabi in other words like
family make sure to get your friend one
before they sell out as well so actually
sees yours
the next day you could be like psych I
got you one too
because we have a strong relationship
and I care about maintaining that for
years to come you
last thing before I go tomorrow I have a
cousin that I haven't seen in 17 years
coming to visit and I got to pick him up
at the airport so I only knew him as a
kid
we haven't met each other as men in real
life like growing up so what I see how
that goes on one channel we did a video
called boyfriend guesses bikini prices
expensive or cheap Lauren put on a bunch
of different bikinis and I had to guess
if there were expensive or cheap it was
not as easy as it looked and to prove it
to her I'm doing the same video on my
channel tomorrow and I'm gonna prove to
her that it's not as easy as it looks
that's all the top two guys today see
you tomorrow don't forget to subscribe
don't forget to like this love and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye always an
elbow or knee on my side
as well
