I've been disrespecting Lauren I got two
more boards before we go if you want to
punch through one okay where are we
me Kyle's this is the worst one of all
them me Kyle's this is your place this
is not for me
is it a DIY store not the Alex wasabi
store the house Lobby stores Alex opcom
where you can find all the newest merch
crews on now why do you do this to me
why this little baby cards they don't
have a real cards in this in this store
no not I can't put anything in there
yeah on that soon soon about the bunnies
Easter eggs all up in this place take
that the whole reason that we are here
is because Lauren is using me because of
my boyfriend status to do a challenge on
her video it's an honor this is it's
called boyfriend or pics my DIYs yeah
something like that I don't know where I
picked randomly all this stuff in the
cart then I can't show you for her video
that's coming out Sunday as you put it
all together and it's gonna be hard but
this is random so good luck to you
can I get on with my day now now that we
got all the boyfriend duties out of the
way it's time to sing
I remember boy's house I always have a
card with Jake and we getting stuff done
I gotta sing I haven't even talked about
this yet this is not the Valentine song
this is not this other song we're going
on this is a third song that I'm working
on and this is gonna involve some
serious singing and it's gonna be a type
of vibe that you guys have never seen
from me before but I'm clapping with
this dope youtuber and we don't make it
happen we're gonna shoot a music video
and it's gonna be on that dope dope it's
got a I'm a little nervous I'm not a
singer I'm not he's got I'll show you
the ropes okay okay you know a little
bit of live editing it's gonna be
perfect okay
here we go oh man oh man oh man it's
about to happen
oh wait they can hear it it's a secret
oh let's see
sounded rough right now but you like
your hit notes bro I can't believe you
got to hear this
alright the song is almost complete you
guys aren't ready for this one it's not
like anything I've done before it's a
little sexy it's a little out there but
I think you guys are really gonna like
it's gonna be don't crow I don't even
know what it's gonna be out yet I know
we're filming it in like middle of March
so then there's gonna be an editing
process so hopefully sometime in April
I'm gonna come out with it but for now I
need you something about this hair loo
this what is that what that is really
bad no no I need to get a haircut and
then I need to hook myself up with that
carrot entry man I don't know how to
explain Sheridan treatment it just makes
your hair shinier it makes it manageable
so even when I go like this it's not
gonna look like back when I go like this
it's gonna look like that High School
Musical hair like even if I mess it up
like this it's gonna look good trust me
watch
this is my natural hair way nothing
that's what you got what do you think
about my hair you like it if you were
rate me from one to ten before the hair
what would it be so so what am I now
like ten times ten that's ten times ten
I'm a hundred Wow because of my hair and
how I can do this with it like that
watch this look
Wow it goes back up I am huh earlier in
the vlog I messed up it was late like
this just like that look at me use my
machine are they bigger I think so oh
yeah oh yeah Carl be working out is your
mom here yeah mom DIY yeah I have
something I would like you to break its
you're up for the challenge and she's
good
she gonna be it the key is get the punch
through it
pretend Alex hurt me and you got to go
all the way through to his heart but if
you go through it won't hurt I need to
go hard and lean into it so let go oh
wait wait can we see a test punch judge
can I get the body into it maybe that
might work oh yeah that looked like it
was a stomach yeah she already broke her
hand it's fine that one okay that's
right okay scary we get a little closer
mom's do you want to go through it you
got 40 bucks are three two one go oh she
go punch we go hard if you ever hurt me
don't you hurt me I'll wait you think I
can kick through it even though it's
small all right let's do it don't bring
my fingers hey watch the hair what's the
hair how do you punch it just this yeah
you didn't gonna work yeah - what
oh it's over good idea then turn brother
in the blog doc ah welcome to the end of
vlog talk I got a bunch of comments and
yesterday's vlog you guys are like why
you've learned out your stomach why I've
learned out your body it's because I
want to surprise you guys I want to put
in the work and have you guys see the
results because if I show you what every
day or every other day you're that oh
it's not gonna be as impressive when I
get to my goal so I can't show you guys
but I am going to the Philippines I am
gonna be doing a bunch of stuff in the
water so I won't wear that out but when
I get back from the protein that's what
I'm going hard I'm going hard right now
but I'm gonna turn it up another level
when I get back and I'm trying to get
away from all this boxing I know you
guys aren't used to seeing me like this
but it's something I gotta do because
I've been disrespecting tomorrow I'm
responding to two youtubers that
disrespect to me they disrespected the
wasabi name and I can't let that stand
but after that it's all Philippines no
talking about boxing
no talking about nothing just having fun
in the Philippines meeting a bunch of
you guys and just having fun and last
thing I know I told you guys I was gonna
try to call the person I tried to
challenge yesterday again they didn't
answer but they texted me and said
they're busy and they're not trying to
be put on blast so I can't say their
name cuz I ain't gonna do them like -
see you guys on the next vlog as always
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember I'm heading to the Philippines
Tuesday and if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
