what is that seriously actually what it
is would it be what it had a busy day so
far we had our friend mr. Cade and Joey
come to Lauren's house to intere design
a broom for us I would love to show you
what went down today but I cannot but
it's not my fault it's because they from
the video and their video will not have
to be ready until dad you worry it t so
you guys will find out everything that
happened in their video on February 15
and in my blog on February 15 no oh you
gonna do extra video so that means you
got three videos to watch when that okay
calm and we haven't even seen the room
yet you're at lunch and then we're going
back to the room and doing the reveal
but I can't show you that either and I
feel bad about it but what I can show
you is these guys reactions to their
room I'm gonna get so excited about this
room you ready you guys got go in the
room and then come back out and tell us
what you think but you can't say
anything specific
I know how you get about it there is
nothing no I can't wait for you guys to
see this video because these are some of
the reactions of other youtubers mr.
Cade has worked oh I just hate shopping
it doesn't matter where I go
Target Marshalls Michaels TJ Maxx
Joanne's
huge target shop yesterday and you
didn't have to come with me this time
but what about next time
good buddy where you shake it hold all
don't be scared it's okay they go I
really don't care for when you want to
kiss me and you don't feel like jumping
here try it let's test it up it works
I'm so sad right
Carlos I'm about to get my teeth clean
you want to see good boy wow you're so
good at going down the stairs now I'm
very impressed okay guys you ready to
see the most amazing room in the whole
house okay don't say anything because
you're gonna ruin the surprise
I'm cried you do it everyone okay go go
go in there a few moments later
I know no I can't tell them anything
just tell me like no none of it okay
Jerry whose side is better tell the
truth
I'm gonna go Lauren sighs okay okay
mousse if you choose my side do nothing
that's my boy okay last thing describe
the room in two words curious and unique
and yours no nope description where it's
luxurious and decadent oh oh is it the
best room in the house
oh yeah Nora which side do you think is
better
what Oh
what happened there sir I got too
excited and I slipped on your floor and
ran into a wall yeah boo boo yeah I got
that did he go sir you put the Donna me
I can't the has one hand on camera one
hand here it's teamwork okay ready yeah
okay all right and boom there Hey well
better you know that it's a fish what
you don't know what it is that's our old
fish manure a little yeah I know cuz
it's not a fish very little who is that
you know who's that
it's Dori what are you doing that's
Ellen DeGeneres on your arm that's it
you're cut breaking news there's an
aminal in our midst okay
so what's happening what is it what is
it is it a move I was trying to unlock
your gate to close it oh no it's a red
spider to Black Widow you'll see it's
that venomous but my finger in there
that's trying to unlock this for some
reason it wasn't closing can you see it
who wait for it oh that's dead that's a
definitely have to give you guys our
exterminators number to spray your yard
really really Oh is there more it done
someone off situation few friends real
owners
there's fire oh my god okay thank you
you might have just saved our lives
oh my god thank you it is official we
have a black widow problem so we got to
shake our pillows and bed sheets before
we go to sleep well how about we go get
ice cream yes that'll make us feel
better
whether that's serious yeah so they're
not even from California primarily in
the Northeast United States we've got a
foreigner living in our yard are they
common not paying rent no they're not
coming and it's the most venomous spider
in North America 115 times as toxic as
the venom as a Prairie rattlesnake no we
have the most venomous spider in North
America in our yard not payin rent you
have a deadly neighbor like the
deadliest neighbor you can ask he's not
a neighbor he's a resident he's on our
properties a moocher
yeah yeah he's he probably eating our
flies taking or apply yeah those are
mooses flies don't worry bro we got you
ran into it oh that's a problem he would
try to eat it okay exterminator call has
a screen I get what you get green
cookies a gram that's a great choice
that's one of the main reasons I like
you oh no my ice cream is dripping I
have ice cream but it's gonna melt
before I can get down to the cone and to
get all my hands is it gonna be messy
what do I do
that's right
before I go lay my head in my bed to go
to sleep tonight my friend Jerry is
going to perform surgery very correct
sure very minor surgery he's about the
queen my mouth cause he's a dental
hygienist and I'm a little nervous
because I haven't seen in my mouth a
long time I haven't gone in the mirror
but you're going yeah I don't know what
we're gonna find but hopefully it's not
too bad anything crazy in there yeah
yeah pretty good you've been flossing
good enough though there's some kind of
weird things in here yeah hold on a sec
I'll get my tweezers here yeah there's a
cherry tomato oh yeah how's it make
salad do you normally not chew when you
eat nothing save it I was gonna make a
salad later you're keeping it in your
mouth like a chipmunk yeah that bad do
you not how often do what you should
generally chew them up before you but
how you gonna saving for later
uh I guess just make your food when
you're gonna eat it huh okay well
anyways what is this back here
is this a a woman's fake eyelash what
Alex I don't even eat big ones we can
realize what alex is this Oh Oh saving
that for later it's already peeled so
you peeled it and then put it in your
mouth yeah for later
for the salad no for now what is this
seriously Alex a stuffed sealed plushy
howling is about missing four
blowing time this one don't eat the fun
there's an entire cheese stick in there
why I didn't even know about that one
all right you're done
that's it that's all I could find unless
you think there's more in there yeah not
that bad uh I mean just boss a little
more you know you just don't want to
have like household items in your teeth
how often do you find cherry tomatoes
literally never never not once not not
once ever Jerry
okay just once but it's still pretty
uncommon guy the next melting welcome to
the end of vlog talk
I know it's morning time but I started
feeling really sick last night and for
the first time in forever as I can
remember I forgot to finish the vlog I
was feeling a real bad stomach was
hurting report oh and before I forget
today like right now the Lorex hoodies
have been restocked at Daleks wasabi dot
ha you guys have been wanting them
forever we finally got it done they in
the stores fully restocked go get your
favorite one go get your size rep the
law ranks fab and I'll see you tomorrow
until then do me a favor and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doin here awww ok bye
