it's my face Galia must does what it is
what it be what it do
no today I want to do something super
awesome flash super random so I brought
the king of randoms of your grant great
thank you for coming eating crazy it's
going to be fun to play with
expenditures again and we're doing with
the twist look be the fidgets bears but
they're not only fidget spinners this
attach this earphone we are going to
make gallium which is liquid metal
biggest spinners for your phone let's do
it I've had this thing sitting in the
water for about five minutes it felt
like an ice cube blocks in the container
we look outside and if you actually
solid know you can actually like no I've
never touched this in my life ok so you
can see how it's like liquid metal on
the top yeah and then it's like super
hard metal underneath so no sealer
interface
well it isn't on toxic and I have to put
it in my mouth with no ill effects today
haha it's like a biscuit a metal biscuit
it is all it is it is it just go ahead
and put that right in you actually will
see it melt or if I hold it right here
does melt down so this metal melts at
8500 which is like body temperature
you're literally like melting metal
right now you'll see that with hot water
you see it dripping onto the bottom so
it's like - it actually really is a hard
metal right yeah but when you look at
this it is literally melting off the
surface look how shiny that guys we're
gonna let that just in there for a few
minutes until it's completely liquefied
okay you can see these pools a while now
water and metals do not mix so
theoretically yeah stick some kind of a
syringe in there it's sucked back out
we're using that kitchen together like a
modern-day MacGyver you know YouTube
MacGyver ah so we're gonna stick our
like a metal in here and see if we can
squirt it out okay through that look at
the way that is nothing what you like
adjectives a little bit shimmery but
it's good so you've never played a
scallion before I do the first time I've
ever
most liquid metal you don't want really
it hurts a lot
Valley look I have scars from liquid
metal touching and provide the other
thing you need to know about gallium is
it makes it this really weird residue
like he'll turn your hands gray like
everything that you touch it sticks to
so just one thing to keep in mind I
think we got about half this thing
melted your skin keep switching that
around until it's completely swingley
situation while this is melting let's
make the fidgets thinner mold all right
so we got some play-doh yeah party pack
it's a party in here uh-huh it's packed
a pretty small loads I'm gonna have to
like mix them together Gigi oh there we
go perfect
how do you play dough Oh not Magali I'm
not I got out we also have to remove
these things here these like octagon and
knock down one two three what the
sixty-six ago hexagon hexagon do you
know what I said yeah it says aw
paralysis so let's get mixing okay -
gosh I haven't played a play-doh and it
over a decade did you grow up with like
a mom that used to make play-doh or the
joys is what makes play-doh
ya know I didn't buy it before I just
play with my friends play-doh how the
bad kids I never got played my mom used
to make play-doh is that why you make a
now that's exactly why I'm a yeah it's
my mom a new play-doh ball and twist
whoa whoa and Noah getting crazy it's
therapeutic see that's cool I think that
looks pretty cool and yeah so close but
then you roll it up they chop it a
little bit more squeeze man no low Elex
is smashing up this play-doh we didn't
pick something to keep car key maybe and
just get outta here
and pop this thing out watch there here
we go that's right out boom okay
you're pretty out of mine yours just
psychedelic okay you want to try pop
those hexagons up yours okay
all right the other one - yeah
good you look old like make an
improvised roller like this like Roland
oh there you go so I just want to pick
up a book off your shelf
we just want something flat because I
think we're going to do is quit just
bitter we're gonna put on top of
play-doh and use the book to just press
it down flat we want it to be as
perfectly smooth as possible okay
bottoms out it should be done oh it
sucks 0.00 can't get it off all the
cleaner can do my turn yeah here we go
Oh success he cool the next trick is
going to be getting the fidgets turned
back out I like ruining this wall so the
problem points are giving these little
holes inside the bearings this gonna
work we're gonna make it work okay now I
think if we just kind of pull this up
now you can almost pop it out like so
close bangerang okay we have a
psychedelic hey grant you know you can
get the odds of Hobby fidgets spinners
well I believe you can get them down in
the link in the description below
alex is bobby calm oh yeah there we go
that's good
oh it's perfect well we're gonna put
wait we do one at a time please talk
about the bearings yeah or we can break
another one of your spinners breaks my
spinner Wow oh I had my finger came over
my socks got it Oh Oh Barry number one
complete Oh next okay I got this on all
my own while you're working on that when
we get get this one so look at that
is it ready I think so we got our
bearings in there in place it look like
a business dinner oh and let's check on
the liquid metal I think we've got
enough to work for good
so our warm water has melted the gallium
it is liquefied now we're going to
transfer that to our ketchup bottle and
squirt it down into
okay that's sucking up into the bottle
yeah I think it is oh look at that in
just three but no oh look at that Wow
very cool
and it's pretty cool here's the thing is
I can actually suck the metal up with
the kitchen bottle what the problem is
there's not enough suction to hold it
like we really need to have some kind of
syringe okay oh sweet there we go okay
suck it all up all the way to top and
that gallium
oh that looks sweet added Gally okay
whoa we're just gonna stick it right
here and just very carefully kind of it
works faster than search hardening up
yeah the same time it's gonna push it
too fast
gallium 101 wow this metal is so
cooperative that's good it was good I'm
gonna maybe jazz it up one more time
just like suck it down pump it up suck
it down okay keep see there's you see
that okay sweet so we have a very nice
looking gallium they just nervous tell
it to set up my car Natalia keep an eye
gallium we dreamed a few moments later
Wow well it solid cold let's turn a
half-decent are they gonna of course
they're gonna spin let's go just gonna
be the first ever Alex wasabi brand
gallium biggest spinners for your phones
if it works
give these always to pump out a plate
all right baby the photos nice and cloud
all the bottom wow that was like a legit
102 melt like candy that's true yeah you
get a hold of it that's a good point
oh look how smooth that's so real that
feels good gallium fits better cheering
nice now we're just going to take these
little middle pieces
okay well hexagons we're just going to
stick them on both sides the only
problem I see is there's playdough kind
of in the bearings here but
theoretically
so works you get a try go huh oh yeah my
plate is kind of gumming it up but it
does spin and your says rocking it
that one here no great you've actually
got this little piece that sits on your
phone here yeah like this is different
than the pitch asparagus you before yeah
because actually like built into some
kind of a socket that's designer find
this out snobby thing attached to the
digits better you put that in here and
then you can attach your phone you spin
it
whoa that's been so well
Wow look at that that's amazing that
screen it's like a legit fidget spinner
get it beautiful okay let's pop it in
place okay
and it's in boom six you play ah so it's
a little off-center but that's kind of
fun I guess what I'm looking at yeah
that's cool why do we get a candle we're
gonna set that right there which a you
know that's so beautiful though can we
do this one instead yeah wasn't quite as
nice yeah and then maybe you can keep
that as a souvenir
yeah I can keep it thank you yeah so
here maybe we should put some tarps down
because this is going to get everywhere
everywhere ha ha ha hold it over the
candle and I'll just spin this gently
and at what point is it going to
actually turn monkey I just saw a little
bit drip down right there oh ha ha I'm
going to like speed it up over here get
these going to whoa any more like real
do one
it's my face yellow gallium loves - what
does not do that
you're not gonna spill it on your phone
or you I guess look like it oh dude
you're crazy whoa open everybody good oh
okay oh it still works yes
wow I can't believe this work that was
insane okay good stuff that's all the
doctor you got today if you guys want
your very own digital for your phone go
to LG poppy calm they will be available
very very soon so keep a look out for
those thank you to grant the king of
random for coming by and helping me make
the most awesome video I think I've ever
made there's a ton of fun man and if you
want to see some more stuff with gallium
on my channel we made a play button
silver play button oh guy and we tried
melk in there so link to that video in
the description below make sure to
subscribe to him he's awesome and I'll
see you next time subscribe and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
always an elbow or knee on my side
Oh
