Oh get him out hey what it is what if he
wanted to go cubby come here hi hi hi oh
I have to like I haven't seen you so
long
you smell the other puppy on me don't be
jealous that's your cousin you're going
to meet them probably the end of this
week once you get settled in and used to
all his surroundings I know what you
want
just hug it though I am NOT a taco I'm a
bug burrito some say I'm smart but I'm
kind of stupid though but it's okay
because I'm super cute oh yes Peggy's oh
wow that was not very graceful my friend
if you guys didn't know I'm actually
allergic to dogs
it takes me a while to get used to each
dog like Guffey I would be and easy for
like a couple weeks when he came home
saying things happening with moose he's
crawling all over me unless you need of
making me very Mickey so I have to get
medicine to help me get over this
beginning thing got it
Julien come meas muth never is so strong
so strong bring over the haha where's
that moon I miss I'm with him missing
will seamlessly we'll see
hey miss do you miss me as always off
like hour all right time for me to take
my allergy medicine before I get all
excited again you know make me itchy
this is gonna be my life for the next
like week and it's all your fault moosie
it's all your fault
watch this watch my pain that I go
through for you Oh looks like again
again again
again there do one more oh you're not
literally we're all done here I have
come to play with a moose what do you
have a loser look at this what poop the
minerals in it oh really
he'll you wash them yeah crow you give
her Beverly he was gonna pull that it
was only designed back that way okay
good I want to be there did you poop and
I roll in it you really are like your
dad he takes Mosley after me
he has ADHD he can't focus yeah he grows
on his own poop he hates Duffy's whore
dad farts bad and uh I'm pretty sure
he's happy with you know you got that
qua blah blah oh oh okay all day Wow
don't bite me I'll bite you back the air
I'll bite your ear off
Hey look again whoa
getting serious I didn't know like that
huh
just lay down your weapon what are you
doing oh he's standing on it not cool my
head is not a nest and you're not a bird
Kelly invited me sorry I need everything
that's attached to me none of it is
dispensable
wow wow hey hahah know what no we good
you're back thank you I got you now
your life is where you live forever and
ever
well oh we got whoa that was a jump yeah
get it yeah give you get up here come on
I think I look good jump
you're a big boy now you hate bachelor
too
samesies Lana yeah how do you like
mousse the best when you keep fighting
my talk oh I gotta go before you yeah I
met your number one band for what no one
keeper look you're with me now yeah the
lobby checking out yeah runs at me for a
tired body man full speed up in another
sound man like that so just through Alex
it's like she starts by getting water
talking about you like I better grab is
he here you love him so much like he
comes I was like yo good dry on that
other day of yours with this girl I'm
Nick shows haha anyways her in Milan
we're all this girl I your fans yeah
they're my friends then I fan they're my
friends yeah I can't properly humanly
articulate you might have loved that
we're coming off with a girl and this is
not even for me yet but you can tell it
for you haha well I love you yeah or
something
hello
oh are you what no coming back
what please oh good yeah what you're
getting involved in you and Kevin lives
in what you see I did your dishes and I
will have to drop your shoes well you
did it yeah so you you guys he said you
wanted her today I know but wait but
he's crazy haha oh thank you thank you
you're next to me we're neighbors
animation absolutement applause boss did
you hear you I make a video good
okay cool I guess we got a new roommate
what what what oh what's that
look chocolate yeah I'm so excited about
it hahaha pick up a play about wrinkling
sleepy huh obviously did he be go to
sleep go to sleep go to sleep
me too burn
we need to talk I hate it when you sit
at me I'm always a hippo stairs oh my
ghoul or I Duke so did the toilet seat
lift itself gorilla move saw but I'm
getting off track in yesterday's vlog
you saw that mr. moose
I guess Matteo mr. moustafa pooped on
the floor when we got back and I got a
lot of comments about it in the poop was
something gross and I didn't say what it
was in the vlog and a lot of you already
knew so you kind of freaked out as you
know I read a lot of comments and in
yesterday's vlog the comments were all
about worms cross and I think serious
what I know it's very common for puppies
to have work and that's why so many guys
knew about it because like it's just a
good thing we could get work if you look
closely at yesterday's footage you saw a
little white lines in his poop and it
was worth it
I guess to learn about a lot of you were
concerns and you have to take them to
the vet get all his shots with dr. has
to see him right away I just want to
rest your pressure weary mind and let
you know that the previous owners
already went to that they gave him his
meds that's why he's pooping all the
world and beware his bendy water this is
the deworming process yeah I know
worms are like two days which is why
Lauren is holding him and she was
yelling at me to clean the poop like
worms and I was just hiding it from you
guys so you did have to hear this but
now you know yes it does woke up the
baby I'm sorry
how's it going to say and God ugh
go back to sleep I was a very good good
Nana I was a he's very ferocious unless
you're a sock that's your socks then he
will he will kill a chance he'll his
heart's content it's time for the end of
log talk how do you feel about your
balancing baby bundles joining as long
as I've been
a little boy oh don't want that one but
a little guy was my grandpa's look okay
I'm gonna take a little dolly or do I
want a toy think about it and keen
thinking nope I'm gonna go over here
what do you think his voice inside his
head sounds like what a move now
hey guys it's moose here I'm here to
brighten your day no how about top No
hello I am Musa
no I is ma tomorrow's video is going to
be epic
why is it I told you yeah we're working
on some we never bear all I'm the most
epic video have ever posted comes out
tomorrow and it's on that dope dope and
tomorrow you're also going to find out
what is finally coming out in the wasabi
store on Friday and work on it for a
while the design so everything the dope
Ness so just wait that's all dr. mess
today see you in the epic video tomorrow
and until then don't forget to remember
subscribe like and follow us on
Instagram and if you're not by when
you're doing it wrong okay bye
always an elbow or knee on my side
well
