it's puppy day it's a puppy day
everybody everybody everybody everybody
it is puppy they what it is what it beep
what it do oh the day has finally come
where Laura and I are going to pick up a
puppy and meet him for the first time
the very first time this could be a new
chapter of our life
let me call Lauren and see if she's a
week are you ready
it's puppy day it's a fatty we're about
to travel to the top of the state and
it's going down we have to go the
airport fly grab them and drive along a
road trip back you're ready for it toys
so cool back there so laurdiy right now
okay I'm coming over look out of course
you would be completely ready he already
has his home shelf
grooming tools euros Fergus snags his
treats he has carpet cleaner for when he
pees a bowl a parrot house oh yeah what
no is it for him yeah he's gonna like it
you gonna love it no he's give me more
like a teddy
no he's gonna take from a dad's side of
the family no I'm gonna hate them just
like dad whoa keep it in there before he
gets all for him can I took that little
thing out I probably did I don't believe
you could we try to put you in there
when we get back yeah you guys show him
this is his travel equipment he has the
tea pads for the long drive home he has
the poop pad for when he poops in the
back of the rental car on the way back
and we have to pay for the Sainz
toys and towels and treats if
everything's gonna happen today we're
going to go
there we go I think you're also gonna
have to show him how to eat his food
yeah ok I'll do it I'll do it you get in
the cage
Ali this food is this to pay for all the
poop stains in the rental vehicle yeah
we're gonna need each puppy day is a
puppy day everybody everybody everybody
everybody it is puppy they feel like I
should clean this up now before it gets
awkward don't take it personally
when he likes me better than you
it's just a thing it does like guys
everybody knows I just feel like guys a
lot they do you might have him at the
beginning but one day when you go to
town you need me to babysit I'm going to
brainwash him with treats and pet I got
oh I got ready this morning I had soap
and fun and just another t-shirt and
then I was like I want him to see me and
pop hey it really is like I went my
awkward team called I put shoes my new
shoes on I can put the Jag on hard move
could be hot by heavy-looking place and
mr. kooky
why did you think the long line I need
you to take this more seriously we have
a puppy waiting for us it's puppy day
come on get your head in the game okay
no one line look I'll go come on I know
that's what I'm saying
come on you got too much food hey what
okay I need to keep my energy up you
know why why is a huffy bag it's a puppy
day everybody everybody's from other
games papi don't close the doors yet
wait for us
wait did we make it yes go go
hurry
this is it this is the last vehicle we
have to get in before we see I'm one for
the fame ha ha ha
when are we going to say his name when
we have them
ok let's do it use me excuse me
I got hurt baby with our go-to checklist
I know you're excited for the puppy but
are you ready for the responsibility and
already here and have a little time for
a baby light in your hand there whose
entire life
I am assessed lifted like ever you
brought up to give him lots of love
yeah how much love the most you can
possibly give a breathing object but I
want some love still yes it is wait
leftover are you gonna love them were me
equal well I guess that's okay
what's the order between eat puppies
stuck
equal what a program is there because
people looking and breathing but puppies
puppies they're just animals but I'm a
real animal
I have ever get to VidCon very very
jumped in my suitcase we already went
over this way I have to share your love
with with easiest yes and the boobies
yeah okay there's a paper in college you
can take it percent what are parents
here to help them take them towards a
brighter future we have start singing we
are currently five hour drive back to LA
and I have one on like information it's
my seat
introducing
our first circuit
my gosh is earring like vibrating
before when we get home the first I have
to get something small
but I'm at half
hey did you throw up in the car I wasn't
going to vlog so we get back but you
woke up and immediately threw up in the
car that's gross
he'll kill you okay this is Karthik cuz
he's a baby
you know don't look Mandy threw up also
kiss you throw up your mouth you know
they won't do it
ill good because me after I thought I
have kid you have you thrown before yeah
that's gross don't do that
Hey stay down there I wanna hang with
you again on the floor after Drive go
down go down
hey get down no you it move it you move
dude
ah you're gonna get distracting me I
gotta ride I still got like 4 hours of
driving Oh Italy a drumstick go away no
Cartier this is good taste
yeah you're home and you're making a
mess okay well you're doing that and you
deal with cleaning that I'm gonna go
home and take a shower real quick and
get my laptop so I can edit and when I
get back to get in the crate you want
eating the food
okay but you're getting the crepe first
he's so happy he's so hungry
oh no oh there it goes poopie times we
got ill ill his first coupie first movie
was on the rug it's on the run clean it
clean it oh oh
Tinky Tinky I can't help ya go eat it
okay you know what
what do you do yeah you put it what am i
doing it no I'm not cleaning it that's
wrong he wants to hear you ha ha ha
missile why why favorite song was bears
out yeah we're homies but I'm not
cleaning up anymore your poop that was
gross
yeah like I clean your own poop Cup is
back you're back hell is cool how is
cool you're in school for a whole week
are you smarter when it's your brain
once your brain wow it's so much bigger
okay
I missed you too you ready to meet your
new cousin moose oh my gosh are you
tired from all that learning his name is
moose and he's a mini bull terrier just
know that do some research google it
find out what he likes dislikes you guys
would be a-okay
alright are you going to sleep you got
to sleep my wrinkly friend you go to
need I'm back now
he's tired he had a long day oh no mine
I think he's blind he can't see look
what I think he's it he had no idea
where that went
ha ha is that where to go for it
awarding or do know he does I don't
think he's blind I just think he can't
see far or quick
oh are you sleepy dB ok are you CBGB
what does it say if I sleep in your bed
tonight he said yeah yeah yeah I heard
him oh maybe not
can't do it uh maybe my there you go if
we can close the store is gonna be crazy
no no way
close ok let's go sleep hey what oh here
let me show you how it's done
oh he's scoping it out make sure there's
no ghosts before I get in there is it
haunted
check all the nooks and crannies okay
it's okay it's okay thank you
yeah how'd that one go for you what
happened problems I'm gonna break it a
number you I feel like it I can see it
then you really can't I really can't you
really super can't you know what I'm
gonna bop I'll be right down
all right back to the dog food plan ah
you sure you let me do this let's I turn
into a dog and I'll be your dog
boyfriend look here it's cute my see
that's okay come on up as kids go see so
you know you're just cute good oh oh
yeah I saw my doctor schmoes why do you
eat is this is gross bro three two
oh my god I can't do it you have to
throw it in my mouth no no welcome to
the end of vlog Hey
come on I'll pick up a nose just don't
fall off a bit
how do you not cry I promised them you
were gonna cry I think it's because he's
so cute like like so yours just so
prepared for this moment I think I think
I meant for trying uh yeah my ear is all
about looking at ears your ears look
like to happen to go you want to have a
good nap yeah I get it no we're not the
next relaxed asleep and that's one good
night now
don't bite it don't bite it he loves
clothes in ears maybe he's gonna be a
year doctor at OU year doctor does that
make you proud
yeah I can't wait til you meet the guppy
I know I'd be so cute Wow Wow
don't Plato's
I'll give it all there you go Wow
yeah basically be peace the whole world
so now this guy is in our lives so
expect to see a lot more of this guy
right here
this fella that's that love chubby man
thank you
but tomorrow I am posting the craziest
video I've ever made ever
you are yeah did it oh yeah okay we're
going to see it it's actually all about
the new item that's going in the merch
store on Friday it's on Friday and it's
going to sell out
I'm telling you within hours so be there
first I'm not sure what time yet I'll
tell you in an upcoming vlog before
Friday but just know it's alright
what's he gonna get one movie I get one
yes sir yeah yeah tell Mikey I don't
bite you if you're biting me I'm biting
you this rule OOP OOP OOP OOP okay
ah yay ah ah got me you got me I got got
I got got we gotta go house hospital oh
I got again UPS imposes he said ah I am
Lucy I will destroy the entire town and
take a little out oh my gosh this guy's
going to be a handful that it feels like
taking care of you that's all I got for
today
see you tomorrow subscribe like this
blog and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye always an elbow or knee on life
well
