Oh
what it is would it be when it built so
Beckett did Khan once again and I got a
search day off helping out a friend
named woozi
he needed a moderator for his Q&A so I
volunteered I stepped up to the plate
and I'm about the next small house apart
let's go
so what you're doing right now is
everywhere here in it
Nadia screaming it's game time little
nervous tiger line right I got better I
hope
nice we're in it let's go let's get it
all day we're Suzy real awesome I've
been doing YouTube for 11 years you
wouldn't think I would get nervous but
I'm kind of sort of nerved in no way
that camera can see you right I can't
even see anything I can't even see him
this is a high-tech lens how many
fingers am i holding up you can see
cameraman how many fingers am i holding
up three oh now take this oh sorry okay
got your phone I thought your phone
can't even see you with your life what
ah definitely can definitely cannot whoa
you guys see you can scene right now
fine yeah let me I want to go out and
like talk to that and you actually want
to see that when I'm dead to you God
would you do that you need to come this
way don't go off the stage
- can we tap these together Cheers we
probably should've waited for him to say
yes or no before we do it what are like
hey I'm ready this is happening are you
ready I'm wrong I was born for this
actually I'm not ready I don't want to
anymore okay okay so I'm doing my own
Q&A now okay and I'm back dang it
bravery
now that our nothing Mira God ultimate
house ready yeah what if he was clean
I like the thing I make no kissing
another one
exactly the three funeral what is the
most embarrassing I find this to be not
embarrassing but I happen to sometimes
put my parents three times a year be
honored give me a head on this weird
lordy this weird I think Seattle
complete did you have one thanks how did
I do they do two minutes if you can't
hop then that's the ball but you set the
bar so high I never top that would you
like some different dot yeah and I see a
sign and I see people coming around this
corner of dippin dots I think that means
the ice cream is this way come on we
thought it was a myth that was a rumor
going around the lobby but it's true you
like what hello cookie dough
Yeah right what are you doing don't
Bluff Oh what there's no better feeling
than pulling your eyelashes off all it
didn't work I lost three one of my
favorite things about VidCon is meeting
new friends and I have met one and the
name is yeah you learn in LA stop just
rubbing my bamboo skewer shooting a
video that I can't show you right now
but you know what it involves a bamboo
stick and a paper towel and we're gonna
make some awesomeness right now
what were you testing out a few things
very excited I'm dead because I'm so
excited I died
I'm really closing face and I can see
the excitement in your eyes okay and
Kyle's asleep
hurry up I gotta go
it's party time part of time everybody
part of time no nap time it's a part of
time come come
I'll give you a kiss me good if you get
really really fast
how many two sets for seven twenty
hundred go go go go go go go go great
I'm gonna start warming up my lips for
the 2100 kisses is it time to sing here
I'm ready dance No okay good cuz you
can't really sing a dance well I mean
the wasabi is gonna wait right here
until you're completely ready yeah yeah
but it wasn't real good eating nerves
you know
oh my god we had to put passion into it
you just did that you didn't even care
Yuto what I have a heart and soul none
No
Oh ready
I'm going to be late yes I am me I'm
ready I'm ready
that's not big enough I need a bigger
lunge okay one I can make one what
everywhere oh oh oh
boyfriend
oh there I know
oh there you guys
CDP time maybe TV time you're using me
as a table again fine now forehead
please
there you go and I put a heart cuz I
love you
welcome to the end the vlog talk We Need
to Talk
new wasabi merch is coming out very very
at the end of this week I was at VidCon
and I asked every single youtuber I met
if they were selling this and nobody's
selling us yet and it's uh it's good to
change the game it's definitely going to
sell out within the first few hours that
it goes live so stay tuned and make sure
you go to Alex's I'll be calm and be the
first to buy it before it sells out
it's gonna blow your my VidCon was super
dope I got to see all my friends from
all around the world but that's over
with and it's time for the next chapter
of my life it's time to go get Lauren's
puppy we already have a name picked out
you're going to find out what that is
tomorrow and you're going to find out
what kind of puppy it is I've only met
one of these dogs in my life and he was
a full-grown one so I've never met a
puppy version of this dog and it's a
very rare breed that you don't see very
often and trust me when I say Lauren is
100,000 okay I don't know how many zeros
that is %
without a doubt gonna cry as soon as she
meets him like waterfalls Hondo pee when
she met Guffey she cried remember this
are you crying don't cry
and that wasn't even her dog so make
sure to come back tomorrow subscribe
don't forget to like this for that's all
I got to get today and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong
okay bye as well
