can you want pizza yeah pizza can okay
put your leash on what it is what it be
what a Duke Joe a VidCon day to my
manager and flash spiritual leader is
leading the way but we just got to find
where to go to the truth we found out
this interview is not happening in one
of these rooms upstairs it's happening
in the main expo hall so things might
get a little free none sir thank you
here we go guys
it's game time Sam here you made it
whoa baby for the stage milky hate it
windows camera frame your face I love it
that's the angle whoa
it's time for the last interview of the
day Oh Lauren's friend Mia has a corny
man can she went to Disneyland today
leaving Warren with her room card did
you lock oh yes I can I can I can I can
hi your mom said give us your room key
so I could come hang out with you wow
the big jump that's a good job you know
my god this message relief my god he's
strong your lobsters Eddie what's a
little legs around the corner whoa come
on to the plate I didn't really know how
grateful to do you bring it no closer I
look away
okay you guys a bounce pass whoa closer
okay that's close enough thank you
closer go here - go get it go get it I
get sick I can pick my choice they're
both too far buddy Wow Pizza by Canada
yeah our room can you want pizza yum
pizza can okay put your leash on you
ready to have a cousin right yeah yeah
someday or they can be right up in it
yeah I can what are we gonna vlog it
yeah what Ken where are your leg oh my
god I definitely know about stuff you
huh doctor dude that's us - Robert
surely five I have to get up no go back
to sleep
yeah glad you put there burn my god
Robert I am Brandenberg you probably
what I'm just cleaning up the other day
and you are not here I open your secrets
with your old socks in and there was a
bear bear staring back at me he must
have jumped in my suitcase go bring them
I really love bad by you telling them I
don't love to bear bear she loves a
Popeye's I love the beverage but I did
this
oh that's grass kinda don't throw him
not going to promise you're super duck
hands will be broken to vidcon stop or
dude engage in those not how do you get
him in he got a little strong did ya
like a little Tobin just seven sabbaths
talked about heavy - yes - exactly
Oh God whatever no all I know is it's
time for end of vlog talk welcome to the
end of work last stop two days two days
two days
Oh baby I got new pictures this morning
Oh whoo my baby are gonna be known are
busy Kesha no no aah
why I'm eating I don't have control over
it something oh it just spread as you
were isn't he so cute yeah he's smiling
you're gonna meet him yeah and the
colors down below let us know what kind
of dog think this is none of you will
get it none of you I didn't even know
about this breed oh they to VidCon kaput
now it's time for day 3 what what I got
here earlier than everybody else so -
everybody else is day 2 but for me is
day 3 you didn't love me for five
minutes is with me this is gonna hurt me
I did are you sure did I bet her a
little bit really as you like I don't
want these for five minutes I don't like
that game I don't think this that's all
I got for yesterday
go check out the restart Masada merge
box a b.com don't forget to subscribe
don't forget to like this like me don't
forget to remember
community name
our own you know Wow I know I thought I
was gonna happen
what and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
I messed with by always an elbow or knee
on
