fellas nothing like me I'm pretty sure
this view what we've got ugly you know
Alex I'm pretty sure that's you what it
is would it be what I do doh what
no there's so girl don't you love them
no love them
no I do a lot a lot huh
just wasn't think I kissed one you know
the real good really yeah punch market
yep all right yeah you know they're all
I know it you know a super punch be gone
super kids yeah okay I do a super buns
you are into regular just super kiss
both oh no oh hey we're so far let me go
splash ah we gotta go
you think it's all over now really we
don't have time super kid again no again
lovely woman eat I got super good oh ah
don't look for I got bytom to see what
but what but it'll never good luck no
are you doing right I thought I was I
gonna talk to you all yes guys are ever
I knew you want to look it'll bite it
hahaha okay let's go let's go complete
guppy you're going to school today okay
while me and Aaron go to VidCon you're
going to school we're leaving you with a
professional trainer to teach you all
the basics of doggie education next - to
be an intelligence worth to be in the
world and we get you back I'm going to
be magic Thank You me so far okay so
what he's doing is clear he's not a
little stupid anymore hahahaha - buggy
so original some sound smart but I'm
kind of still people cuz I'm super cute
girl dance buggy so hopefully we'll be
back before you before you go to school
okay okay okay okay okay
okay where are we right now but on you
know the characters are scary
they are scary monsters oh man oh my
mom's doing those wave you want to hide
oh okay hey I'm the director and
showrunner and writer for escape tonight
ah I win again
Lawrence in it and then I don't know I'm
thinking oh you were in it yeah do you
have a reveal right behind it right
there there's one of our amazing other
people non youtubers in the show okay
that was your Alison out of your memo oh
yeah okay to gether what Alison was one
of the actresses in the show I couldn't
talk cause she's super curious Caroline
shoot a line she helped us but uh you
gotta wants to show we can give all that
away and this down here was the villain
Oh
hardly recognize wait you guys see these
people in the escape that I serious
you'll see why we're so surprised I like
your glasses look good did you escape
tonight maybe hahaha did you escape
tonight good I danced the net did I ask
up a nice Joey Graceffa thank you for
coming yeah but we have said pretty cool
pretty bad what are you watching
what you think
you know Duffy's going to school for a
week so you're not going for a week
Oh goodbye guppy we'll see you in a week
okay
well see in a week no empty without your
little to be perfect oh allah do all
your homework study hard and eventually
you'll get a good a good education
you'll graduate you can get a job you
can start paying it right here
finally who is it yo what is the law you
were on us for the world yes we're
looking in my bag
Oh tonight Aaron and I are going to
VidCon really late wait to be there
early in the morning till we'd rather
drive at night than in the daytime and
apparently word got out because look how
many people came to say goodbye
we missed you so long
how did you how you guys do what yeah I
have a question for everybody if Warren
and I came out Lorex merge with you'll
rocket Lorex backpacks Florrick dirt
magazine would you Ross Lawrence March
what what Wow we don't even want to tell
you so think that goodbye muffin I hope
you enjoyed your time with us and make
sure Oh muffin where you go you're just
a floating head in a backpack come back
again
whoever third bedroom Yucatan's everyone
is gone it's time to make a move okay
but whose car my heart is full jump okay
my car
so you made who's gonna drive right now
where is the three-fer wow this is just
one progress is just full professorship
ha ha
- Oh phew
- everybody algorithm eyes yes
Hotel acquired we have made it and it's
time to adventure over I don't know
let's find some food we are at VidCon
before anybody here I have never been
here before anybody usually when I get
here you guys already here waiting cuz
you on that dope dope I've never seen it
empty although the ferris wheel
whoo I think it's like IHOP we're doing
what look like you whoo that looks
nothing like me I'm pretty good view
what but that's ugly ill out I'm pretty
sure that's you yeah no that's
definitely you I've seen that face
before
what that's definitely not me is
definitely you know that I can't believe
that I'm on a giant banner that's
probably the biggest my face has ever
been I've had little parts and movies
and stuff like that and even on the
movie screen it's not as big as that is
on that banner I look huge it might not
look like it on camera but if you were
there in person if you're coming to
VidCon look how big this thing is I'm
probably like 20 feet tall and that's
just here they're also having a few
billboards put up at different places
all over la grecque
wasabi March back in stores today right
now at 1:00 p.m. so make sure you got
your wasabi hat your sabe shirts and I'm
probably gonna do a bunch of giveaways
soon so stay tuned now I have one last
super special thing that I want to share
with you oh wait I should probably wait
for Lauren she don't be so mad if I tell
you guys about her so I have a super
special thing to tell you guys to Mauro
when Lauren gets here at the end
tomorrow you'll hear about the special
life-changing
ensure that Lauren and I are about to
enter into you in the near future that's
all I got for you today
see you tomorrow don't forget to
subscribe don't forget to like this log
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling
you'd do any wrong okay bye
