critic is a ghost your ghost guitar what
it is would it be what it do go are you
sitting when it comes like that it's an
odd choice that's all I'm saying
like that's once again why why you're
ready to shoot your video yeah fidget
center versus puppy let's get more
tonight or catchin that cost okay okay
you just wait you just wait he gonna be
guy we're gonna catch this ghost and
then we're gonna we're going to make him
be friendless
what are you doing better you know what
that's for future Alex to figure out
right now this is catch the ghost Alex
and I'm focused you go through
copy that
here to get a golf your ghost guitar
ghost kitchen be here
do you hear to think of a open your ears
up over here is big so you can listen oh
this your doctor what if I sent out
there right now whatever that helping
right now oh good
you're getting candy yeah well here stop
eat it follow it do something with it
oh we got a go give me in a circle I
don't want to talk all right okay pick
up your feet when you're walking you
shuffle em is too loud all right now
okay following
I'll tell you I don't know that's what
happened the other night I'm telling you
I told you how many and okay why are
they wearing a blanket I don't know why
he's wearing a blanket I don't know but
if you have it on we know where you're
in when you get home I told you I
suppose I don't know would you do that
wait wait wait wait can he see you yes
I'm good we're gonna go whining - goes
did you can't party because in because
he's oh come on laughing I took the
blanket off and we couldn't see him now
we know where he's underplaying you know
I just gotta grab my keys with gumballs
what have you been evil ghost well uh
you know you will go see what have done
something by now no even between the
last minute eg what you people go
through looking to disappear
Oh
no no one no I'm not I think it
differently goes though I mean he's
probably not here and anything friendly
good friendly spirit okay welcome to the
end of vlog talks the ghost which I
nicknamed boo has once again escaped my
grasp I really thought my plan is going
to work so we got to figure out
something else
but don't worry boo we'll be caught it's
actually a few updates before the super
busy week happens tomorrow merchants
coming out merch is back in stores you
can get the hats the pink black white
and the shirts if you didn't get one
shirt you can get the other shirt
they're all going to be available just
for you go to it check it out
box ah be calm it's gonna be on that
dope do also make sure to go to my
brother's YouTube channel youtube.com
slash lazy Ron Studios because he's
posting a dope video that we did
together on his channel it's up in live
right now on his channel go check it out
now I have to go to the escape the night
premiere if you follow me on Twitter you
know that I'm in the escape tonight
season 2 with Lauren Tyler Jesse uh
Andrea a bunch of people so I have to go
get ready for that and then directly
after that I got to go to VidCon and I'm
going to be there all week I have a
feeling that big kind of going to be the
first place that I see people wearing my
merch and I'm super excited about it so
hopefully see you guys there that's all
I got for you guys today
don't forget to subscribe don't forget
to like this video
bye always an elbow or knee on life
well
