what's it gonna look like when you're
eating them what it is what it be what
dude oh hey he has been recorded in this
building
oh no airs what you can use the
elevators charismatic the book that's a
lot of stairs no not going not doing it
oh thank god oh yeah both alarm on to
the next chapter of the day I am here
with Ali's Oh a podcast welcome to the
decimal this is creepy
yeah what is Boris for and so you can
hold on for the ride
danger all its building like a hundred
years old
yeah hold on and then like whoa what are
the head there's so many traffic no I
was about Turk oh my god let's take the
stairs next time podcast is complete
finish today but it's done we had it
this is my mic this is dope are you
gonna give me one I don't know who that
is
that's Aang from The Last Airbender I
don't know why I switch it up they
should have had a second season with Eng
why did they do that for watch for Olli
I you look at more we should give me
this sticker then you don't need it
hello elevator we meet again
it doesn't sound safe he doesn't look
safe and I don't think it is sick it's
not oh we're back we're back but I bet
it okay listen oh there yeah oh yeah I
have come to exact my revenge I'm a
three claim my title it's happening
possible let me update you guys a little
beat he has his virtual reality set up
and in this game they have a bow and
arrow thing I came over I set the record
I beat him and all his friends and this
guy had the audacity to take my title
come on back and I'm claiming it once
again show me that score one time it
appears oh you got lucky Hey i'ma beat
this in Italy so you might wanna change
Logano cuz I got a little toy here five
in the kingdom
on the way to city wok right now to get
Sparky's dill night market ona
little stone us big face little does
make this check these dogs out Barney
we're coming for you we have arrived
what'd the guy look like when you're
eating them you don't watch me you know
what are you talking to you sir yeah
where's yeah Oh goodbye your sister yeah
all right there hi are you the sister my
brother got so excited he said you
really want me to meet you because you
love watch our videos and he watches it
sometime bye guys Barney's gonna this is
what all the fuss is about
I guess
Easley sugar yeah super extra cinnamon
sugar please
all those are the best wine not a good
choice whoa
all those are the other breath one foot
oh I only got eight because I'm on a
diet
trying to trying to shape up for the
summer and what was that what how many
do you get in there 24 24 know anything
here we go baby
bargains doughnuts don't let me down
in case you guys are wondering you
didn't get your hats and shirts yet they
go back in stores on Wednesday restock
just for you and I can't wait till I
meet one of you guys in person to
wearing the shirt what do I meet
somebody aware in the the equinox
monitors up you can't buy a shirt a
little floppy hat in person that I
didn't know previously I might just pass
out for the reasons I came to city wok
tonight was to see if I can find
somebody wearing a wasabi shirt don't
have I hope for today but it'll never
happen if I'm not out in crowd in public
look for you and I'm gonna find you you
won't be away that's liquid I can't I
believe you can do it we're going to
show you how it's done
Wow they mean is they did it B you can
do it now you can do it
oh did you fall
are you okay high five high five why are
you crying
you're so happy are you president is
this too much excitement Oh
oh good could you carry youtuber thank
you are you live Roy I love Roy - oh you
love both of us
oh well we love you so this is a new
Twitter setup that they updated our
phones - how do you get how do you get
your your page what you post it maybe
you go here uh-huh
do I go there okay so you go there you
go there you know what go there go there
means let me to 1v1 I'll end up I four
to one I might do one button I'm there
I'm done that's it letter Y Mike I'm
making shows in school why Donna dessert
before dinner makes you a winner winner
hi guys how come - we were with Bobby
shirt Oh are you gonna get one are you
gonna get done with Bobby shirt yeah
okay we have acquired so we don't make a
big Prowse they're going to kick me out
of the park
oh we gotta go where he's level we gotta
get out my sister how ever did you ever
get arrested
Charlie arrested thank you thank you us
every day are you promised are you gonna
get a wasabi shirt you make it presents
oh my gosh it's serious thank you oh oh
we hugging
oh nice welcome to the end of vlog talk
can't believe I got kicked out of
Universal once again I don't believe you
guys
it's my fault we need to be sneakier we
need to work better at like a unique
instead of everybody like crowding
around we take some volunteers from the
wasabi group to be lookouts and they can
stand on the perimeter of the group and
then we need a couple more volunteers to
be the distractions if they see one of
the officers coming over to shut it down
then they can go and like trip in front
of them a bit oh my my tibula no not my
tip you lot hurts distraction and then
if there's any wasabi magicians you
could bring those little smoke balls and
throw it down and we all disappear and
they'll never catch us it's a foolproof
plan we'll work on that next time and
last thing before I go I got challenged
to basketball
two days in a row so tomorrow and the
next day be prepared to see your boy
alex rossabi dominate the court guppy
I'm trying to do the end of blog talk
that's all I got for today
subscribe give this vlog a big thumbs up
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong what
okay bye
always an elbow or knee on lifetime
Oh
