what would it be what job as you know I
had a lot of people here recently fousey
was here Andrew was here and we had
lucky lucky left yesterday floozy and
Andrew left a few days ago and now we
have another character that is gonna be
here for like a week and a half is Jerry
here so long man I know and you're
tested so technology yeah I got one of
my back yeah Aaron did too I mentioned
dots moose no eating Zeebo we got a room
for you we didn't have a room for other
our other guests they slept on the couch
but we got you a room it's not the best
room but we did clean up check it out
Wow look at this here's one bill yo why
didn't I have a room oh yeah oh yeah
this is gonna be like bro I'll sleep on
the couch come on moose Conte calm he's
gonna pee on your bed if he gets too
excited we've cleaned up this apartment
a final thing I need to vacuum and these
dogs do not like mr. back you know
okay you guys are all clean thank you
for your cooperation
moose versus the fly wow I can't believe
is a float away I get a moose Kim get
him this Oh what are you where do I go
what oh oh you see it you see it where
is it
go get a moose get it was get it get
that boy well he's gone
until next time since my brother Aaron
is such a good brother to me I got him
the best massage out of the three
they're gonna have the best no she said
there's only two female masseuse and one
male and one two three at the same time
so you're welcome bro he's gonna have
the most endurance and he but he's
probably gonna be heavier so he could
put more weight into his masseuse see
you're yeah I really I know lucky you
because it's your birthday soon the
report this is a one of your presence
you're only present so far but I'm
probably get another one soon gentlemen
are you ready have you had a California
massage yet I don't know oh no I did at
one time it had about a guy massage
masseuse and he like drilled his thumbs
into my back
and you liked it no I did not I did I do
it no ever had well welcome to the best
massage you ever had Bowie oh what'd you
think
worn out did I get kicked my boy did you
fall asleep no did you see I know she
was like hey okay I'm gonna step out
you're done just please just get ready
and I'll be outside and I fell asleep
for 10 more minutes
we both did I woke up Bobby now that I
have introduced my friend to his
California trip the right way with a
relaxing massage it's time for a moose
and I to go to mommy's new house go pee
and poop so you don't pee in poop in the
car hurry one's waiting and go go pee
pee Oh
tonight will be Lauren's very first
night sleeping at the house that she
just bought so you know that your boy
ain't going his girl be all up in that
scary house by herself it could be on it
Whoopi moose come on bro no more water
we got a little bit of drives I'm not
trying to have you pee in my car if you
pee in my car I'm gonna pee in your
crate mark my words
mark my why don't do anything crazy you
got one job bro and that it's not poop
or pee - look at the mom's house okay
you had one job bro one job wait till we
get to Mom's house but hey not mad about
it at least we're not in the car right
now
that would suck yeah welcome to you new
home oh it's so much space we miss
another space
oh my gosh you can go crazy in your bro
in the old grass watch out there
this is so
this is oh my god screams lightly
literally tell he's happy oh okay moose
do not go in the pool like guppy did
that one time
Goga pee oh right aah moose do not go in
that pool oh all the ways I know he
never saves me any of them don't go in
there moose be careful sir hey that's
what you get for eating a leaf am I
gonna have to clean up these leaves
every single day no he's eating plants
whoa it's just so much better than and
you still pee in the grass patch we got
you all this grass and you still pee in
the grass patch okay
Aaron's birthday is Sunday
I was just wondering are we at the stage
in our relationship or we don't have to
get people to present so you can just
get them a Lorex present I feel like
once you get past two years you have
that right you don't have to get
separate presents I agree yeah hey know
what I know I'm gonna I'm gonna get the
present oh boy we're getting several
presents and we're gonna have a
competition it's a birthday present
competition now yes it is you're about
to lose weight worried they look so
scared but for future okay if any of our
friends are watching this right now just
know on your birthday or on yeah you
getting you getting a Lorax present
you're getting one that's that I don't
make the rules
okay good night moose night buddy it's
time for us to go have our first night
here new house
oh my god there's something I need to
tell you I just don't want to hurt your
feelings so I've been holding off on it
I never believed me yeah I'm not a big
fan of yours obviously I said that
before look at all these this is
unnecessary nobody needs this many
embedded them you just pick one to keep
in bed with us every night please no
that's me one of these guys you can
switch them out all of them no on your
side they got going you're on your side
not above us because it's gonna follow
me and there's a bee under me and I'm
not gonna sleep you're crazy I guess
that'll do ya bit Hugh hopefully we make
it through the night without a haunted
encounter it could be a ghost it could
be was it go sound like what sound like
it's either that or the two ghosts
Vienna that means they're there - goes
super haunted you would be scared if I
was in here that's all I got for you
guys today
come back tomorrow for our first full
couples day at her new house we're gonna
be here all day long hold on get the
vlog logs off very sure so do me a favor
as always do not forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
