Oh Lauren I see somebody's coming to
give you a present
Oh what is it Lauren what is it there's
no work it's a puppy oh did you bring
this for Lauren you did I mean you did
ha ha ha
pick up the phone you get the
fluffy bugs a tweet how many do you have
what you wanna go see both of them
Lagasse pan Lauren hold him her her her
yay Logan him Ashley let's go see number
two another one
we're a burden hi hi ha Blaine you're
the slim only little kind of teeth let
me buy you one
I'll buy you one right now you're on one
you sure I'll do it okay bye guys bye my
little little buttercup
oh good bye now
done yeah
are you sure what about the formal one
what about the formal one right this is
a prize I don't know if I trust you
there's something we need to talk about
I feel like I've been selfish Aaron and
I travel all the time or were a meetings
or we're busy or were away from the
apartment for long periods of time
that means that we don't get to give the
attention they deserve
to our chinchillas bun buns and chichi
because of that we don't get to get them
out of their cage as often as we want to
we get them out all the time when we're
here but when we're not here there's
nothing we can do about it we have
friends come over and feed them and give
them water but what kind of life is that
we'll be gone for weeks at a time in the
Philippines or in London or in North
Carolina visiting our family and you
can't travel with chinchillas what we're
going to do put them under the plane
it's just because we're so busy they're
not living the best life they can live
so we interviewed a bunch of people to
take bun bun and Chee cheese we checked
their background their history and we
looked for who really wanted to love
these chinchillas and care for them for
the rest of their lives and give them a
good happy life and we narrowed it down
to one person her name is Melissa she is
a first-grade teacher and she doesn't
live far from here not only will she
love and
therefore our bun bun and chichi they
will get a new sister and they will get
to meet all the kids from her class and
she said we could come with her to
introduce bun bun and chichi to the
entire first grade class that's going to
be amazing and I can't wait to bring you
guys along she should be here any second
this is the new cage for bun bun to the
full six levels and then here's chichi
she's so cute
you can have a good life you're going to
get to play with so many kids you're
going to have a new brother or sister
chichi is so cute
she's the fashion tool in the world and
I love you a liar GG and then you are
really cool too and I'm gonna pet you
under you under your chin up chichi
we're going to come visit you we're
gonna introduce you to a new people the
person that's going to take care of you
guys is a teacher and she already has a
chinchilla so she's going to love you
guys you're gonna have a new sibling and
you get to play with the kids it's gonna
be so fun you make know so many more new
friends yay yay chichi I would like you
to meet Melissa hi you have a chinchilla
so there's three sisters now and then
you're a teacher for first grade are you
going to bring them to meet all the new
friends yeah my kids love them they all
need to feel out so she's going to have
a good life and a new sister yay do you
think that we'll be able to come with
you to introduce them to the class you
think okay and then we're going to do it
I would love to do that it'll be awesome
ah
ah this is it they're going to live a
good life they're going to have so much
love and attention that we can give them
different traveling and ah this is never
I think here's the Christmas tree oh so
efficient enough we were never able to
give them the bond but with more
attention than we can give our banal
traveling she'll probably be able to get
them to bond and we're going to get
pictures I don't love each other to be
one big happy family
and then we're going to go and visit the
kids and bring them to the school all
right you're all set by some little
children what they get to watch me
capture of their lives it's gonna be a
happy one
you guys do not understand what we just
went through first of all the
Bachelorette got canceled
second of all that's like a candle we
got a new TV and we're trying to get it
mounted up there the maintenance guys
couldn't put it up so it's been an hour
trying to figure that out but we were
working on it for two hours and it's a
second half of almost done so we missed
the princess but it's okay because we
got the second half playing and I'm just
glad that the words are up because it's
a castle in the series I got to get
attached to you on my butt
they're down by 14 I'm not gonna lie I'm
not confident and they're not playing at
home and I'm not getting oh well we're
all going game still not you food is
ready
welcome to the first white tiger the
camera yeah you are you the ha ha ha ha
welcome to the first-ever friends dinner
Dilla Josh thank you
you know me I want you to listen listen
to this guy who's need to have further
critique but I'm going to go ahead with
them anyway this new Kyle Kai you'll and
he's reviewing us hours all right now
right now boys just chicken boy showers
are directed at me a direct shot so
often to do almost every time which is a
workplace you guys only don't like that
word because you saw some outdated they
didn't like no boy this soju yeah
nobody's getting the blood tattoo this
year and sure we'll find something else
that we can do we can wager okay you
started thinking hard right now those
days okay now that is another one
welcome to the end of vlog talk we doing
in the Sun you try and get your tan on
for summer for the ladybugs yeah you are
yeah you are
I'm not a lady plug in case you didn't
know hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
and I'm happy that bun-bun and cheechee
are going to live a better life than
what we could give them Melissa told us
that she will definitely be able to get
them to bond it just takes a lot of
attention and a lot of time and by the
time we see them again when we go to
introduce them to the first grade class
they will be best friends
finally we tried to get them the bottom
for so long and it wasn't working but
she sounded very confident that she
gonna make it happen tomorrow I'm going
to my old apartment to get the last few
little things I left there and we're all
going to go down memory lane of my
favorite videos that we ever shot in
that apartment for the year we live
there so make sure to come back hit the
subscribe button also hit the like
button and if you got time hit that
notification bell and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
Oh an elbow or knee on my
well
