Kubby keep staring at it I knew it I
knew there was ghosts I was behind you
is what it is what it'd be wouldn't know
I have something to show you
for my birthday on March 28th my
wonderful girlfriend Lauren got me a
bunch of presents but my favorite one
that I have not had a chance to use is
about to come into play at my new
apartment I have a basketball court and
Lauren had gifted me a smart bag I have
not played as yet this ball will tell
you how many shots you've made and how
many you missed and it can tell you your
percentages and it can talk and it goes
in every single time when it's in my
hand so the moment of truth I have not
opened this yet this is the very first
time and it's going to be magical
where's the did you take my basketball
this is the smart ball I don't know if I
fully believe that this is going to be
as open as it claims it is so let's go
test it out so on this app it gives you
a bunch of options free throw starting
again let's go
ah you hurt my leg it even makes fun of
you said it's free but you got to earn
it
oh hey oh I'm attitude yeah one per ten
ladies and gentlemen Alec - wasabi I
find the ball
I've learned the ball - whoa whoa whoa
what what what that I'm tired I was hop
on my heading my music video that I'm
mad time step two hours of the overal
all right he's a little bigger than I
thought I had a good lead but I got okay
yeah so I played pretty good Z came out
hard and knocked out some tough shots so
shops have I really do need a tough one
more Google I really do need to toughen
up my defense you know are looking to
coast by my teammates what bro bro what
are you doing okay okay you know what no
it's eight to six right now I'm down and
the rules are we're playing till 11:00
if Rights wins I donate $1,000 to any
charity of his choice if I win that he
gets this hat
this was hobby hat which is oh yeah I
also want to donate it to bro because
it's only scary so either way he's gonna
go okay I got a rest
if you can do an absolute damn boy okay
this might be my first loss on my court
whatever happened there's a good game Oh
get that out of here no win oh man
how did I lose all I do is win bro what
get used to it
and that over boy haha pick it up hey
hey we're on Louie's me cry don't cry
man
I know I know oh well you're not going
to win next time
nothing over there
why do you looking at is it is it a good
enough
cookie no don't go over there you might
get eaten by the goat could be stop stop
you're freaking me out
there's nothing there what are you doing
guppy guppy Hey Oh study with me
there's nothing there look there's
nothing look see just empty corner what
are you looking at it there's nothing
look nothing okay okay this is weird I
have bad news
I lost to rice do you still think I'm a
good back to be here really crazy you I
know that's what I said I underestimated
him is not going to happen again
I'm never under estimating anyone ever
again
good boy okay worse I think I heard I
beat you ha ha ha ha you did to our
night
ok I can't like you jewelry watches his
horse it's not like we're not playing oh
you're good you're a game playing it ok
ok well I'm never losing again ever
I have a lot of people tweeted me want
to play a lot of youtubers oh let's go
let's go I don't think anybody's going
to John nobody did then right and now
like I have like 5 people that want to
play you go have to find out when I play
them what you do and that is a
convertible hat you're welcome I chose
this outfit you don't love it what no
it's not you don't let me never get me
to that audience
what come on convertible hat topless
what are we shooting they're shooting me
boyfriend
five covers up man yeah you're doing
really bad I know what to wait for the
next one this is the first one it's not
so good well I saved the best for last
ok ok finished filming Lauren's video
walking back to my place and I couldn't
find my socks anywhere so I had to wear
shoes without any socks
it's grossing me out getting sweaty down
there I lost my socks
I lost my socks but I had to wear shoes
outside and now it's all sweaty and
gross rah
there's light is it gross Oh gross dub
you'll appreciate it don't be like this
yeah yeah Logan Paul would say that's my
boy
oh yeah clean appeal thank you you're
disgusting guppy to Ann and that Ghost I
was telling you about I hear it again I
hear the walking your that see if we can
get him on
thank you
come on kitchen
dear
you
you
Hey
it has to be Aaron it has to be Aaron
stop I know it you I know it's you hello
stop stop don't jump I'm going to take
this off
don't jump stop
no no no no no no no no no what what
Erica Lydia rooms of ghosts there's a
ghost I'm telling you there's a ghost
stop I'm serious
quick quick quick quickly where you
connect me hey I tell you huh I do a
blanket with moving around I pulled it
off look like it the blanket the ghost
blanket ghost shows its oh boy get in
there oh there's no blanket in there
yeah do you walk in that learn it's all
the way across the apartment all right
go go go okay fine there it goes be
careful hurry up all why do you like
your room good off cubby keep staring at
it I knew it I knew there was a ghost ah
go behind you'd buy you go welcome to
end a bog talk it's the next morning and
last night I found out I have a new
roommate and he's a ghost or maybe it's
a nice ghost you never know guess we're
gonna call him boo okay boo you can stay
in the third bedroom okay don't do any
scary stuff
moving on yesterday on Laurens Channel
we did a boyfriend by outfits for
girlfriends or boyfriends shops for
girlfriend video and you guys loved it
so tomorrow she's buying my clothes I
picked out three outfits and she only
liked one of them so now it's my turn to
show her that it's not as easy as it
looks
make sure to come check that out
tomorrow that's all I got you guys day
subscribe give this vlog a big thumbs up
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye always an elbow or knee on my
time as well
