it could be haunted we don't know why
would you say that I'm so good
it could be what it is would it be what
it do Joe
this is it the final move we got the
last of the movers taking everything
else out of this apartment and that's it
which still has apartment for about a
week so I have two apartments right now
but I'll come back in a couple days
and we can go down memory lane together
we'll go through all my favorite videos
that we shot in this apartment and and I
might cry but for now Lauren needs me
let's go hello can I ask you something
did you know like 30 minutes ago the
wasabi store went live you haven't
checked it out yet what that's good
you're too busy searching for me at the
mall go check him out go go run run run
go rob water needed my help with a video
that she's booked tomorrow called
boyfriend pics my clothes and make sure
to go over there and check it out
because I think the best clothes of
everything in my life as she loves them
look at this face is this a face that
says she didn't love the clothes I think
the answer is no it's official
we live here now we don't live there we
live here not there here this will be
the first night we stay in this
apartment
it could be honest we don't know why
would you say that we move in it could
be you hear that sounds like a ghost
that's a very realistic sounding good Oh
getting louder
that's a cute code especially I quote
the man of the hour mr. AJ Rafael cool I
know I designed it myself feel like he
really yeah wow dude toy horn bus
anymore shut up you got that
Thanks the reason it took me so long to
open is because I got I got a new church
to come to where I look good when I come
to your show I didn't know how to
unbutton it the lines are like did you
what is that AJ guy going up Oh
you
you
you did it man oh my god crying she
fogged up her glasses I I don't know if
you heard me but I sing every singles on
I knew all hours every song look like in
my hat
Dylan ooh hey not that I'm dude hey it's
a new like a new design where it all
come out the summer
oh god out yet oh my god I look at what
you did I tell is act like you so glad I
got to see so many of my incredibly
talented friends that I haven't seen in
forever but there was a certain somebody
I got to see and I'm really glad that we
got to catch up you know who you are and
if you're watching this I just want to
say that I super appreciate you stopping
to talk to me and catch up I missed you
too and I'm so happy to hear that you're
doing so well I just got a text
let me show you be ready
dot dot dot tomorrow 4 p.m.
dot dot dot game on wasabi dot I guess
I'm a little nervous but only because I
have no idea who this guy is or girl it
could really be anyone what if LeBron
James shows up I mean it's not
impossible I know he's busy with the
finals and trying to win a championship
ring or whatever but his next game is at
Golden State and that's only like a
two-hour flight I mean anything's
possible
ok I got to prepare it's 4 a.m. now
sleep eight hours wake back up eat a
healthy breakfast flash lunch because
noon is kind of late in the day already
stretch take a warm shower drink a
lovely packet the ketchup Stefan jumping
jacks turn my underwear inside out
leapfrog with a stranger call
I'll see how she's doing and then I
should be ready that's the plan better
get started welcome to the end of vlog
talk I know we were joking earlier about
the place being haunted but I'm starting
to think it might really be haunted last
night
guppy kept staring into the same corner
of the living room for long periods of
time and I was try to give it attention
the a guppy and then he would look at me
and look back over there like he was
watching something I was gonna vlog it
but it was like 2:00 in the morning it
was kind of freaking me out then I went
to bed and I could have sworn I heard
footsteps coming down the hallway over
there you go see even make footstep
sounds I don't know but in the next vlog
I'm going to try to capture some of this
weird stuff going on it's like super
weird and kind of scary as you guys know
the merch came out yesterday yesterday
within hours thousands and thousands of
things were sold but the audience
represented you guys showed up
you got some merch you got the Hat you
got the shirt into my bag it's not
completely sold out but it's like very
cold so if you haven't gotten your stuff
then go get it right now
Alex Wasabi's calm I was so excited
about selling the March as soon as one
cam hit yesterday I was like
and now to talk about my mistake i
SuperDuper pooper-scooper underestimated
the power of the wasabi uns family unit
what they're so fast that like half of
the merchandise was sold out within like
two hours but it was my first time
farmers so now I understand that you
guys are the best family on YouTube and
there's a lot more of you than I thought
but don't worry I'm restocking my store
right now we have a butcher coming back
in I'm going to put them back on sale
very soon and I gotta get ready for that
new macho song about yesterday the
mind-blowing one super excited about it
that I got you guys today see you
tomorrow
and do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you doin
eat okay bye always an elbow or knee on
my time
well as well oh my
