it doesn't look bad looks real bad it
looks warm and cozy no it does not what
it is would it be would it do go it is
officially moving the day we got movers
coming in and out of here taking a bunch
of stuff and putting it downstairs in
the truck to take it to the new
apartment down the town they've been
working pretty hard so I got them a
little something soft oh yeah they're
good music takes away nugget sandwiches
thingies water bottles all day that's
breakfast of champions right there
we have arrived let's get the work boys
whilst movers are moving everything in I
got a practice because yesterday's vlog
to challenge a bunch of youtubers and I
know there is me up soon I'm too tired
to get these rebound
let's go where you watch video and their
deer on the Twitter and you don't get
why okay please okay edit that out you
know how we haven't had a sleepover in a
while and the last time we did you
forgot to do something
well guess what what I have a beard now
okay what I do okay
look at my face you see this more than
like 50 here 150 who has more than 50
years in a beard
that's too much look look this grossed
you see it you like it no that's
disgusting
why like long strays my face has never
been so warm
it doesn't look bad look real bad it
looks warm and cozy no way does that it
looks like a man finally hitting puberty
doesn't it but it's like it's just so
purity feels like no
ah never forget our first item Emily
dealers oh wait put it in my hand
mmm if you guys weren't to wear a long
one at 1:00 p.m. today what's up you
shirts Hey mmm and wasabi hats hmm
launched and released on uh sadhana be
calm hmm
that one was attached to my spine so go
over there right now if you want to see
exclusive pictures of me and Lauren and
to buy your shirt flash hat before they
sell out and I guarantee they're going
to sell out today when we're sky said
tens of thousands of people are you went
to the website because yesterday I told
you that's a good just check it out and
you guys did given them nothing's
available because of Fabien Bernardo
Stokes oh oh oh
Alison Verona is not coming out give 9 I
got that one what about that one there
also on your hand to try you now see the
by manhood now I am just a boy we are
officially moved in I didn't vlog the
whole experience but we spent at least
six hours moving stuff with three movers
we got everything here tomorrow we just
have to put it in its rightful place
looks bad in here I know yeah it's bad
this is just a living room let me show
you my room it's bad boxes boxes boxes
badness got to hang that up got to mount
that now get rid of that whatever it's
nice did you get here yet good and
closet oh my golly now that we've moved
everything from the old apartment to the
new
we need to sleep at the old apartment
one last time because early in the
morning we have some guys coming to
donate a bunch of our furniture that we
didn't bring with us from the old place
to the new place that should be done
early in the morning and then this is it
is it where I sleep it looks like this
now because I took a nap but this is
we're gonna sleep for the rest of my
life okay not that long but for a long
time and check this out bum bum bum the
mansion of all chinchilla mansion the
one that Gigi has right now is about
three levels or four levels this is like
6 or 7 we got this initially so that
bun-bun and chi chi's could go to fin
cage and live happily ever after his
best friend but Gigi still hates bun-bun
it's been months and months if
chinchillas don't pair up in the first
few months then it's highly unlikely
that it's going to happen they just
don't like each other so I have good
news and I have bad news you'll find out
what I'm talking about
very soon welcome to the end the vlog
talk if you're watching this right now
then you should know that the wasabi
merch store is for all of us audience I
have been following my journey for years
and years and years and for all the new
wasabi ins welcome to the family
you can finally represent the wasabi
family at the first-ever wasabi merch
store Javadoc the sore win lives two
hours ago so go check it out go get what
you want
go get the shirt in your side go get the
head before they sell out
oh go go go go there's a bunch of
awesome stuff in the store right now but
the next thing that I'm gonna release is
gonna blow your mind
trust me it's lit I feel like you guys
are not comprehending like the
mind-blowing NIF
of what I'm trying to
tell you you're not understanding how
insane this is gonna be so let me
demonstrate where's my confetti cannon
this is your mind
and this is what this is gonna look like
when it's blown
wait wait what I'm going to explode
explode you're mine okay oh my god you
scared everything out of me I put my
it's just peeked out a little bit I
think you like it good now for the last
thing I want to say and it's kind of
bumming me out
it's been 24 hours since I announced my
youtuber vs. youtuber wasabi charity
basketball game for any and all
youtubers and not one person has
answered my challenge hello
yeah who's this wait wait wait what hey
yo hey huh guess I have a basketball
game this weekend that's all I got you
got today find out who that was when
they show up on court this weekend get
this vlog a big thumbs up subscribe and
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling
you'd do any wrong okay bye
always an elbow or knee on my side
as well Oh
