what it is would it be what it do go as
you guys know I just moved to my new
apartment I haven't officially moved in
but they gave me the keys and went this
place comes a full court basketball
court that means that I get to play
whatever I want against whoever I want
and I'm challenging you tubers pool
excellent play me on my court anybody's
101 10 to 11 if I ever lose which I
won't habla me 2,000 on any charity of
your choice
my first victim swoozie yeah yeah
beautify here we go
I might not look very good right now
that's because I'm brusky the next
youtuber that comes I'm bringing my
a-game right now I'm playing like it's
like a like a GJ whoa okay yeah what are
you trying to go oh you throw right now
I let go look I'm gonna give you guys
lips ooh I'm kind of challenge next
after I beat this guy
how do you stop that
okay look at my foot look at this hey
I've been downplaying my actual code so
you can relax scared to complain hands
weak ankles but in a strong spirit I
gotta get furious now and again oh we
got lucky copying all day let's go home
court this time what I'm not thinking
easy on you man
oh okay all 4,000 okay okay okay it's
not going to you know go to charity okay
if you guys want to see me play against
your favorite youtubers go tweet them
and comment their names down below so I
know who you want me to go against but
for right now I'm a challenge a few
people I'm challenging Ryan Higa
Dietrich Busey and back come see if you
can raise the money for charity by
beating me on my home court let's go cuz
the finals are on right now we're gonna
go watch it for what are we doing
alright
who's that Bobby that's not copy I
forgot me what did you get a haircut
all those rolls oh I'm so glad his first
gone no is not gonna be all over the
house whoa
cubby who are you
you look like a brand-new puppy look at
that pal what Oh dad what is this Scotty
what's your Instagram nice lucky slice
everywhere go go to the go go go can we
go
he's I worth my carbonate hahaha gubby
we need you to meet somebody okay this
is gonna be your new best friend because
you guys lift up on us now and his name
is Kyle there you go
his real name is Ken kinder egg over
here God love this girl I don't say hi
are you ready to eat clean jumping tails
wagging wanna go go oh good that Gumby
don't die
Duffy no punching Duffy yeah only
stuffies
you're watching the final vows you like
it just calm down and watch the game
okay yo calves are going down brother
yeah the waiting no not are they all
they're losing Oh community will see at
the end trying to play basketball
tomorrow
$4,000 I'll donate sturdy if you win
yeah you get to choose we got the
one-point game a sunroof own air it all
went down in four again Ken what are you
doing I'm trying to sing a song about
how I'm beating Aaron
you lost okay
you think that's gonna happen again yeah
two years in a row yes if the Cavs win
what do you want does it how confident I
am you don't have to put anything up I'm
going to put on the table what do you
want me to do you have to get a children
book done oh no it has to like you the
kids good I'm not going to happen again
do you really call service care not
going to win yes they're not going you
can decide
but I can't say Lorex are Laura know so
you can decide to subpoenaed one we
already worse using the word really yeah
but last year they won the perfect game
can say that one it's true hey you can't
just jump on the clouds drink oh my gosh
and here's you good yeah support no okay
yesterday me and Erin are driving from
our new apartment yeah tore old
apartment yeah and I followed him home
yeah but it wasn't
I want 10 miles all the way ha thought
of following areas but I was following a
stranger they switched off on me it was
300 I wonder if that guy thought that
you were stalking and I will tell you I
did my lips wings every time he's like
why I'll be behind him it was right oh
you're so creepy oh right on
I thought that right yeah I'm just
kidding you a stalker now welcome to the
end of vlog talk
it is officially move out day the movers
are upstairs right now packing
everything into a big truck and we go
into the new place goodbye empty room
goodbye painting that Lauren got from my
room come back tomorrow if you want to
see an empty apartment and we'll go do
some memories together okay I'm serious
about these one-on-one youtuber charity
games any youtuber beats me $1,000 goes
to any charity of their choice I've
always wanted to work with charities but
I never knew what to do so this is a fun
way to raise money and get some exercise
in the process
now the shirts and the wasabi hat come
out tomorrow before the next vlog even
comes out the site will be live
everything will be available and all you
to do go to the website
Alex ah be calm click click click shirt
and hat is yours make sure to get there
first to make sure that you get the
shirt in your size that you want first
before it runs out also if you want you
can go to Alex's avi calm right now
nothing is available yet but there are a
lot of pictures on there of me of Lauren
of me and Lauren that are nowhere else
on the internet so if you want to see
them go ahead over there right now and
check it out that's all I got you guys
today
see you tomorrow the next vlog as always
liked this vlog subscribe and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye always an
elbow or knee
as well
