why'd you set that all the way down I
did not
what new new vlog is out new snoop
Bhagat Wow
what is what it be with Duke though
today has been a super productive day
I've done everything done we've got a
pack and we got a solidify a new
apartment that we're going to some guy
go check it out right now and I'll bring
you guys along let's go so busy and I
don't think I'm gonna be able to finish
it all in time Juliet yeah oh how long
has he been back there oh good
Julian here now we can get some more
stuff done than I would have gotten done
on my own but what I really need now is
a good core arm car workout I feel like
driving I'm wasting time I need to work
out I need to get like my my forearms a
good workout this oh well you just
squeeze it it's gonna be really good for
your grip in your forearm Oh like that
you can focus on the road and also
strengthen your form I like it but it's
like it's a little Hey look at my hand
how about this more individual
ah I can't hurt my fingers and you know
what I think this was the best for you
yeah Oh can't do it
nevermind thank you alright unless you
have another one we have this one too ah
this is the one
you demand
easily now let's get microcredit toys
hey guys
hi guys bye so hopefully you guys
watching this well that would help
limited it one good deed a day will keep
the doctor away the kids that I said hi
to in that car were actually the family
of the guys car that broke down on the
highway they're traveling together they
saw me get out of the car and help their
family member a stranger to me out in a
difficult spot and they were surprised
to see me I don't think of myself as a
celebrity but they do in their minds so
I'm glad that I could be a good role
model in real life and not just on
YouTube like I try to be every day for
you guys hello people are you write his
hands really small or those cards are
big Lauren is the camera quality the top
three of my favorite candies ever I love
it excuse me I found something yes it's
the grossest thing I've ever found in my
life
it's disgusting it's gross under this
pillow why'd you said probably that I
did not what this must be a Kate like
coy story things what they heard Lauren
coming so they all kind of position I
didn't do this what are you doing what
are you doing you little hey he's done
ten strings a punt well I have punted
yeah you are one of I ever punched Oh
have I ever pencil in my life yes
when every time every time concerns my
time
what about name em oh okay I have one
more announcement oh hey no this is that
oh hi doc oh you have your sunglasses
message Oh for what
when did I buy you no I didn't buy you
watching I never buy you a problem a
market where I see oh no that was your
hard one you know it wasn't hard KB
still the five kisses for all right
three there's no negotiation here to six
good night now present what he's doing
here
I needed a play dude I'm late for my
flight I mean what I wanna get some
deals I'm sorry
I haven't even seen you in like week I'm
gonna leave oh ha ha ha I'm on the go
wait wait wait I'm in Italy yeah I'm
doing a documentary
how long you be there who knows man what
this might be your last time you want to
say bye you want a hug let's do all whoa
okay oh I'm sorry you scared me just
once huh ah I'm gonna come in no no all
right why me the last time you saw me
you're gonna say I wish I kissed up um I
don't think I think I'm going that part
safe travels have fun and stay safe
no one yes oh is this get from college
Oh think okay got it
it is the next day and I just dropped by
the new apartment to get the keys to my
new living for joy jin-woo oh man this
is great
oh my I haven't even laid in my new bed
yet why did I come by myself I wish like
Aaron was here he would be excited oh
wow is it ours what yeah it's alright
here we have a house how long were you
in there you like it yeah
have you seen Julian anywhere Joanne
Joanne Oh what do you think you alright
that could be your desk that your desk
when you go over oh my god that's that
that fits you so well thank you when I
look at this desk
I think Julian this is your office this
is incredible seriously that's all green
screen that's not real okay I need to
jump in my bed I have not gone in a bit
Oh
oh we're going to be good friends I can
tell forget your lifelong friends number
goofy that's okay though because you
make up for it in conference and look at
the lighting in this room what the end
of one talks about to be lit ha ha ha
like actually lit like naturally split
and that is what I'm going to wake up to
every morning the way our building is
facing we are the tallest one let's
start moving our stuff now that my new
place is furnished I have a lot of stuff
I can't bring with me so I brought a
bunch of friends over to see if they
would want it first thing on the list
that black bench
you guys want it if you two don't want
it okay so we're going to do this uh
yeah who wants it you are the winner
congratulations next up on the list is
sink tricks this will change your voice
channel to 300 different types of sounds
you can sound like a female you sound
like a male you can sound like a robot
anything I really wanted okay thank you
go all yours
you got it Francie who would like to
brighten their life with light from this
lamp you want it they don't get yours
who would like this mirror why do you
want it it's yours furniture that we are
giving away yes yes and art pretty
sophisticated eye on the Philippines is
a food yes they wow you're good that's
very good who would like this Ralph
Lauren watch that I found that I've
never worn those in my cabinet hmm wait
doesn't want this one never mind this is
taking out of the lid this chair or the
tripod or the green-screen holder or the
broken light I want to try that I don't
see what I think right let me Tito
oh you just want this I've yours yeah
let me play nothing let's you're happy I
just have a tripod thumb who wants that
nuts I'll the painting oh this is
actually a magical painting have you
ever seen Blue's Clues
yeah who's gonna do we can't do that
hurt more than thought you wanted to see
my apartment
well here it is oh my goodness Wow
does look good here like my Mouse's yep
have you done this before
you know me lipo germ come on them you
know what I just realized we have two
apartments right now we have two
apartments in LA
Wow what 10 years ago Alex like pass out
would not I believe it this is your Alex
I'm at Durham sure when it's already
been here bro can you get me some water
what what is that I've never seen that
inside okay I thought that was for me
but well straight from the gadget are we
staying here for a while alright let me
get a little bit more comfortable I'm
gonna need you ah that's better
wait yes you want one
hello I wish I brought my Robo ready
oh are you guys serious right get it man
you're real I ate Rome until war where's
your romance
do you really need a room look I need a
room I got you I'll take this there you
go
underwear underwear only first meal in
the new apartment together yeah a lot of
room Oh welcome to the end of vlog talk
I literally cannot believe I have two
apartments in LA now before my youtube
channel took off I've never even been to
LA actually before YouTube I've never
even been on the airplane and now I've
been on at least 50 flights life is
crazy that just goes to show you never
know what's going to happen before
YouTube I was still living at my parents
house I didn't have a car I was a waiter
at a country restaurant where I had to
dance every hour and now I have two
apartments in LA it's crazy but now it
will be important
stuff Friday at 1:00 p.m. these shirts
will be available and these hats will be
available I've been preparing so hard
for this day and it's the day after
tomorrow it's so close that's only two
blogs away tomorrow the vlogs and the
next vlog is when the shirts are
available but so I think it's time I
tell you guys where you'll be able to
get them at this storm about to tell you
is where all the shirts all the hats and
all future shirts and hats and designs
and everything will be available for you
guys and it is al Safaricom super easy
you will not forget it al Jabar be calm
it's not available yet but Friday at 1
p.m.
everything will go live and you can have
everything you want make sure to get
there first because I made about 300 of
each one so they're probably going to
sell out really fast but I'm going to
restock it very soon but for this first
one you got to get there first if you
want some wasabi merch
that's all I don't forgot today the
movers are coming up to pack everything
up I'm moving out of here see you guys
then and don't forget to remember
subscribe and that you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong was a good one
okay bye always an elbow or knee on life
as well Oh
