nobody around we could be as loud as we
wanted watch new new vlog is out new
snoot vlog is uh what it is would it be
what it have to shave my mustache mmm is
that better later you can tell what it
is would it be what it do dull today is
a new day new adventures and new things
happening but first gonna do something
we've done on million times before and
that is react
youtubers react and we are back I think
this is my hundred one hundred the react
episode you want to frequency what I
wear
you have my cookies mouth can you see
open I know my cookies male MC pop I
thought youtubers react is done but I
just got a text from my family and it
made me think they send me a picture it
was a crazy picture I can't believe this
happened and I just want to say
something about it so that you guys will
put your seatbelts on because it's super
dangerous you don't realize that you're
in a metal cage on the road like almost
every day going like really fast like
super fast and in dangerous there was
just a bunch of metal going by each
other like 50 miles an hour and end
glass and if they collide it could be
bad news so where do you see belts what
I'm about to show you is crazy but
nobody was hurt nobody was hurt at all
everybody is safe but let me take you
back to when I first bought my dad this
car and then I'll show you what it looks
like now
you
and now here's a picture of what
happened today
you never think this kind of stuff is
going to happen to you or somebody you
know until it does and it's crazy and
it's kind of blowing my mind because
what there's so much that could have
happened it could have been a lot worse
an inch farther up when the car hit them
they could have hit the window or Andrew
was sitting in the front including an
Android or but luckily it hit the front
the engine got crumbled and so
everybody's okay even the people that
hit my my dad car are ok but they didn't
have a license so you shouldn't be
driving anyways if you don't have a
license and if you do don't drive so
reckless because he was going extremely
fast as you can see by the picture he
was going so fast the entire front of
the car is just it just crumbled in oh
man that's crazy
you're lucky and lucky so lucky I would
hate to see that happen to anybody but
it happened to my family which is super
scary and you guys are part of my family
so please be super careful out there and
good thing the car my dad was driving
was super safe it has like a super high
safety rating
Mercedes thank you for making awesome
safe cars because you literally just
saved my family's life and I'm like
tearing up thinking about it oh ok ok ok
it was ok guys ok woo and that's what
safe holes are made to do
that's a cardamon to do ok hmm ok so be
safe out there guys let's get on with
the day I love car wash do you love car
wash too
uh well go I I love that car washed
oh ok keep going I'll Super T but you
allowed to go to fair for you should do
it
oh hello what is that oh whoa whoa whoa
that's not like bubble gum
oh good good
I know we're having fun ty Lathon whoa
here comes the front 180 face but I feel
like I'm moving forward but it's moving
backwards it makes me feel a detour II
know I know
mandolin miss miss please so many
memories where's Richard at he lives in
the voltage we got rid of the ball pit
he wasn't there Richard Oh first night
right - no mass fits right here is the
wall that phousi painted a mural of
himself on when I left town and we had
together painted over logo ready
I remember this putting this up this has
probably been up to it's Christmas I'll
show you something
it's like Randall clad it looks like no
down there do it anymore reflection up
here oh it's cool
waynebow I did it while you're sleeping
the macaroni the horns you're on the
feeling like the first week we moved in
if you don't know when you make pasta
you check if it's done cooking by
throwing it up and if it sticks to the
ceiling then it's ready and we had the
ball pit
and you redid my room and got the whole
wall painted yeah oh oh what what what
is it just a lot of memories and my
favorite thing about this place is you
could be as loud as you want this only
roof above us so there's nobody around
it we can be as loud as we want it
watch beeping just moved in
ah good thing we're moving out let me
get to the top no come on no please no
why anybody then you're gonna want to
sell it I'm on this no I didn't do it
every time
what every time I put it in here in your
head yes and then I smell it yes okay
every time okay
every time prove me wrong okay they run
me up there whoa it is sweaty I know
maybe like to throw a long time
laughter this is what you guys make just
for a get-together like I thought Lauren
is the only person that does stuff like
this but no oh my gosh
so this is our business I can have this
I could beat that okay I don't like that
part they really do this difference all
right is it good so we came over to have
dinner with Lauren's friends yes plus
Christina
Stephen and we're talking about accents
they have a New Zealand accent and
Stephen was like do we sound weird to
you guys or like I know you sound
awesome dogs we thought about do we
sound weird and they're like no you guys
how normal what what that mean no you
sound like you're from the movies that's
not what will happen that's what movies
people talk like this is very clear
English I do announced it every single
syllable yeah so I can understand every
single word you tell my dad you're
American
you'd only do an American accent dude
you thought like sewing me no I can't
tell I cannot sound like you can you
sound like me oh right okay you wanna
sing a sentence
you've got to talk like I thought okay
talk like I talk yes dirty purple
workshop Jodi purple workshop good it's
all kind of like a British New Jersey
accent yeah
I know Canadian yeah terrible question
but really took it from who did New
Zealand take it from Canada or kind of
segmented yes I would say for us Bernie
a hundred years oh well they're Canadian
so she is obligated by national law to
be nice and say that you guys are crazy
one more question is there a what do we
you guys just speak English preserve a
New Zealand language there's motive what
your character and tell her welcome
could it go tell you want to go to your
doctor oh wow I wanna feel alone what
was that what did you just mean what
just happened how do you think I love
you
I'm gonna say I love you but other half
is love Aloha and Mahalo kita is I love
you in Filipino and what's in Japanese
no idea what come on little lady no wait
wait okay are they oh all right okay
Milo you will you can throw him will
catch on pretty good oh yeah yeah loose
Milo have you had this many people up
here before on this part
oh that's safe good I know how stable it
is oh well we're gonna find out today
hey I was your baby but this baby is a
lot freer softer than you sometimes
oh are you doing with your little time
face like that oh here we go oh that's a
tiny one that's a little baby
goodbye whoa I put Milo could sit on
there
no no until we try is only what do I
find out and we're off that was a good
one how's it goin
I like it it's not gonna go anywhere
there's nothing you can do to make this
a lot of guys I know I know it was a lot
of rain tonight okay I'm gonna catch you
so hard oh you're so graceful like yo
this is your healthiest meal I've ever
eaten in my entire life
thank you sir
you're a magician in the chef's good he
liked it
you know you know the number one
requested for lorx to hang out with
couple everybody's there finally finally
we did it which probably should have
logged more but you know we had too much
fun we bonded too much yeah we were like
oh let's hang out first yeah okay well
now this is awkward
oh that's a lot better than some dogs I
know Duffy
give that why my love goodbye goodbye it
was nice to meet you
we got to hang out again guys yeah this
guy to me never been like okay let's do
something crazy I want to go yeah
welcome to the end of vlog talk time to
give away the merch wasabi like t-shirts
till blue wasabi shirts go to Stacey
Martinez and Mack green
congratulations merge comes out Friday
it's so close guys and you guys get to
get as many shirts and as many hats as
you want now that I'm done tearing up I
can talk about it again the car wreck
that my family got into was definitely
the worst accident we've ever gotten
into but thankfully everybody is safe
and I just really want to thank Mercedes
again for having such a safe car I can't
believe that looking at these pictures
of the car that nobody got hurt
that is insane I can't thank you guys
enough at Mercedes I know I chose the
right car with you guys you know this
car is safe because on in fact so many
airbags came out one in the front came
out someone the lights came out so when
the floor panel came out some on the
door came out even an airbag came out
that covered the window so the glass
wouldn't get shattered on you which I
didn't even know was a thing even when
the cops and paramedics got
there there are super surprised that
there are so many airbags it's a new
model 2017 I guess they don't see very
many brand-new cars get in wrecks that
bad so every single airbag came out
family is safe everybody says thanks to
insurance my dad is getting the exact
same car back and I couldn't feel safer
for them because obviously that car
saved their lives they it really did
it's now let's call my little brother
and see what he thought about the whole
situation hey what happened in the car
was it scary yeah
what happened I got hit and then what
happened with the airbags came out
everybody's okay are you gonna drive
super safe when you get a vehicle do you
want uh Mercedes yeah okay I'll get you
one when you're old enough okay okay but
I'm glad you're okay love you okay I'll
talk to you later okay okay bye
that's all I got you guys today see you
tomorrow drive safe wear your seatbelt
subscribe and don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye always an elbow or knee
on lifetime
as well you don't have to
