got it judo so I will do this movie
before you serve long I've got myself
going to predicament I was making a joke
my friend lucky and I had some handcuffs
y'all put these on and then the
panelists to pretend I didn't have the
key for a while little struggle and then
take it off just for fun I wasn't gonna
vlog it but then this happens I pull out
the key I'm like just kidding I try to
unlock it and it's it's not the key for
those handcuffs
I forgot I have two pair of handcuffs
and I really cannot find the other key
lucky let me see it's funny anymore the
only thing I could think of what to do
is we got to go find a cop what we were
playing around and he's gonna understand
I bet happens to him all the time oh he
might got it okay so we've been working
with a bobby pin for the last oh really
okay do it do it on his do it on this
and that feels different
oh they're different handcuffs yeah okay
why do you always was it why you always
at the center of this of the problems
let's go find the cop bro what do you
want to do how I can't bring a cop to
the apartment yet to go with me wait
wait okay let's go check with Suzy see
if Suzy has keys I feel like for some
reason he owns handcuffs nobody gonna
make funny of Suzy I need your help
we got a predicament and I feel like you
can you can take care of it for us
okay okay fun oh you ready you ready
look at his hands
okay we got it we got it we got to get
this off of him it was a joke on dad do
you have handcuffs keys okay no way no
no way no I feel bad now you really
don't have a key
we're gonna have to go find a cop man I
really don't have the key what else are
we gonna do we can't break those how do
I should Emily him I thought I had the
key but I didn't don't be sad you just
chew your arm off do it for the vlog you
know how many views you'd get how you
gonna wipe with your hands handcuffed Oh
how's it gonna wipe if you need to wipe
anything we need you need to do back to
front I don't know let's go we're not
gonna go to a cop we're gonna go
upstairs whereas the security of the
building if they have handcuff keys okay
I thought the key they just put your
hands already sewed up they seized it
we're gonna Security's gonna love it my
problem is mine so we got it we got it
we could be perfect is do you still care
business I put here cups on my friend
but I thought I had to keep and I had
the wrong keys I don't have the keys so
as I see if security has handcuffs and
if they have the key possibly or do you
not have security or making moves and we
think we see some security guards for a
film set hopefully they got something
because all those security okay here we
go they probably have it they have to
have it it's gonna be a different brand
I thought I had the key but it's for a
different set of him oh is how you do it
that's right he's a professional oh my
hands are slang so I'm so nervous all
right well usually the they look like
training handcuffs okay should be able
to pull that thing to one side or the
other to get in office we just need one
of them off because he can live with one
no just stop struggling he's resisting
arrest take him downtown oh I don't
think that's yes my god oh no I'll try
it but I don't think yeah oh that's the
same when I had I had that key to a
magic shop a long time ago but I really
had that key that you had what we're
gonna do man oh no oh yeah we got no
he's really stuck this is my friend and
you stuck we haven't got a target or
something or call the magical it was a
joke and then it got real saving the day
I don't know what's gonna happen no he's
gonna cut the middle and then we'll
figure out from there this is a $1 now
we're trying to random
and this guy's helping us out by getting
a bolt cutter so you cut these hangers
off stay very still here we go oh we got
it
you're good now you're good what man
you're gonna fly tomorrow okay you can
go there for like this just put the
hoodie over your handcuffs can't do it
all the metal detector stop messing with
is that it's really what you're gonna do
if it starts if it cuts off the
circulation we have a hospital it really
is nose knives that that oh that is so
tight why did you put it tighter
all right we got an update no but we
went to the movie set down the street
and they had bolt cutters so he's free
but he's not free we had two cops trying
to figure it out and they thought I was
a magician because I was vlogging
they're like just take it off I was like
I'm telling you officer I don't oh they
said use a mini screwdriver maybe the
hole we couldn't get the cops to do it
so we got some Filipinos see if they can
work their magic
Oh Aaron said he might have the keys
there's no way you have it you don't
have the key no way you got it no way
well he's you're free now lucky lucky no
nothing's a key in this one look there's
a key in this one now that that crisis
has been averted that was a lot of
stress I have a lot to do today and I
did not need all that in my life thanks
for nothing
like serious however why we have a full
house of Asians it's because we're
celebrating
AJ's 700,000 subscriber and now we're so
as a surprise to my boy AJ I got some
Chipotle catering they said we bout to
get to those big boxes and a bunch of
bags cuz we got about 20 people to feed
you probably worked up an appetite with
those handcuffs right mm-hmm oh wow okay
wait I do all that yeah we can carry
this yeah okay we got it we got it
yeah oh we out here yeah all right some
tacos we got time for they got size we
got the homies everybody's here to
celebrate party's going well we're doing
good we did good
we're doing this is this is old people
stuff we're doing old people stuff oh
okay let's not get crazy
it took me 10 years to learn how to use
a spoon I ate with my hands if I was 11
what a baby
and now to celebrate the only way
Filipinos know how you guessed it more
back
okay pop it pop that bottle all the
Philippines came out to greet you
so barely Aaron threw the key away with
the other handcuffed but this one was
still here I didn't know that we didn't
have the key so they threw the key away
and we already do the trash out since
then
oh no I've applied in two days we go
secure and it goes beat beat beat go AJ
calm down he has the King
okay
whoa unnecessary that's all I got for
you guys today thanks for coming by and
having fun with handcuffs with us lucky
has your wrist it's still her you got to
put it back on to cancel all the pain
see that tomorrow as always until then
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong
