that's like a lot of nipple like a lot a
lot of nipple are you gonna do wonderful
maybe are you ready for the second
couples photo shoot we've ever had we
have an hour drive but it's going to be
worth it because we're taking pictures
for the web sites for the merge so you
get to get them on Friday at 1:00 p.m.
PST all day available all over the world
it's going down let's try
let me after the water long and I can
never really know why here we go we're
here I don't have a backpack
my keys are my backpack no that's I'd
lost you
no way we did not do that
oh no no no no okay so we're not going
to name any names but somebody might a
lock the keys in the car okay I guess I
gotta call somebody to open it for me
while we're taking pictures because we
got things to do and people see let's
make moves they have all my shirts in
half ironed out ready to go so that we
can take pictures oh my gosh it's not an
extra-large underneath your poses what
do you make pose and I'll miss your pose
because you don't have as well I got a
pose okay me telling it yeah there you
go yeah
hey guys kiss kiss kiss kiss kiss
yeah yes
now no to that one yeah no no no doesn't
have to be so hoping on your shoes you
know smile doing a wall right smiling so
hard or try harder
you did a good job pick it up I'm just a
human being okay that's like a lot of
nipple like a lot a lot of nipple are
you gonna do wonderful maybe when I play
those we never giggles you can't stop it
you guys
there you go so what outfit this thing
about to take my cards blood pressure
and yeah I basically just sit here but
it's working oh you got it
all da-dun nice thank you okay oh my god
I'm caring a technical Japanese woman
okay I'm out
thank you Friday happen Friday 1:00 p.m.
PST Friday it's going down all this
stuff the hats
oh my gosh this is exciting we are back
at the magical apartment complex that we
love so much yesterday yesterday I was
flabbergasted I was like surprised I was
excited I was looking around so I didn't
get to give you guys a proper montage so
let's get it
oh hey all right yeah let's go it's
either this apartment or the other
apartment what are you going to do what
am I going to do
there are subscribers well they can't
they didn't really get a good feel
because I'm right here good enough
anything they got it
this one's my decisions goodbye
apartment we might see you very soon
maybe they might think Suzy Suzy
then too anxious kin too anxious we are
super close to moving in to having a
home we could be neighbors again how are
we neighbors in Hollywood and then we're
gonna be neighbors again downtown that's
fine he ain't following one of the odds
of that therefore like me has to perform
house before you yeah but wait I'm older
but I'm taller I'm like I'm a chicken
tender give up okay you win as I love
you now we know what we want to live but
we just gotta figure out which apartment
we want to move into it's goodbye
Hollywood goodbye now you cheated as
well but it's time to go downtown la
here we come you ready to see Wonder
Woman
Oh Oh Johnny Depp about you are you we
are them to watch Wonder Woman which is
breaking records right now in the movie
theater this is the number-one movie
ever directed by a female so it's gonna
be on a good good
let me see your best impression of one
on one with face Wow oh my gosh I was
scared so scared for like two seconds
copy erasing good copy run yes pedal
harder it goes so fast well guys are you
the flash process whoa Wow whoo are you
gonna introduce us to your new friend
hi hi may go Thunder hi guppy oh my gosh
oh boy hi mango the headless audience
he's holding your Arlen oh don't steal
my girl bro hey hey chill chill hey hey
no she's mine oh my god you're so sweet
what is this arm hugs welcome to the end
of our talk no thank you
ah the winners of the wasabi merch
giveaway the two people that are going
to be the first ones in the entire world
to get these shirts are Jojo Miller from
Arkansas congratulations
expect a shirt in the mail very soon to
warm your body in the coming winter
summer Oh fuzzy summer and the winner
number two is
nothing nothing like nothing Jessica
Wiggins from London congratulations and
it's time to give away two more shirts
yeah
oh my ball even tourniquet even you're
doing a bad job of frickin you ever go
back oh no no even if you're not smiling
you do it wrong
hey you're doing it wrong and you can't
buy in the light blue colors same rules
of yesterday all you have to do is
subscribe turn notification bell on and
comment down below if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong if you want that
shirt and comment okay bye if you want
to enter for the other shirt picking a
giveaway winner tomorrow but right now I
need to focus on moving we're not fully
packed we do not have any movers coming
yet we have to move and was today Sunday
we can move on Thursday way to be out of
this apartment by Thursday waffle waffle
we've got a lot of work ahead of us he
explained the wahoo wahoo because I put
in my blood and I don't think they
understand you didn't have any ways the
lauric celebration something is our
celebration it's a good happy let's show
them how it's done
oh look we just got promoted at work oh
look there's a piece of candy Oh a puppy
a puppy wahoo wahoo celebration Oh
fashion that ball is our yesterday's
can't wait to start the moving process a
new chapter of my life and I'm excited
to bring you guys along for the crazy
journey that's about to come see you
guys tomorrow subscribe and don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling
you'd do any wrong okay bye
always an elbow or knee on life
well
