it's a weird new new vlog is out newt
newt vlog is uh what it is what it being
wouldn't do though so if you follow my
blog we had a half lined up for us to
move in but they didn't want us move in
because we're young strong and youtubers
surfeit dollars mess up the hell what
it's okay because everything happens for
a reason
today we have a new house to look at and
i'm bringing you guys along let's go get
in Nevada why isn't your door work I
don't know yeah they wouldn't let me
film in the house Julian tell mine
because they're mean but it's okay
because our day is not over guys I have
a surprise I have somebody I need you
guys to meet new member of Kemosabe
and the final star today yeah warriors
boys cab warriors hey before all that
excitement let me let me introduce you
to my friend his name is Herbert here
you go you're going to need these 50
cent coins hold on to that then you go
sit over there I'll be right back I
would like to introduce you guys to
Herbert who would like to see him first
he is hungry all right Herbert you ready
we're going to play airplane
shooby Chooka Chooka Chooka Chooka Cho
there we go or eat it oh he got it I are
drawing alright Julian there you go
buddy
I'll come a little bit oh you didn't own
up buddy
nice come on Oh Herbert Oh
oh off eat it ah see because it
yeah yeah ha ha you happy now you want
to give us with more food he's a little
bougie so you got an upgrade to the
dollar coin all right there you go ah ah
oh oh he's trying to eat it yeah let go
Harvard no no wow no dad you can have
thank you I don't really use I don't use
my ticket at my unity attorneys wow that
kind of hurts out okay no more you take
three of the time baby
try oh come on how are you guys - oh I
know you're getting full so just feed
you one more time let's see if you get
four half-dollars
it's too much against iguana ah is the
weird whoa
good boy Herbert
that'll do for now no good three minutes
left
warriors up by anyone ah 37 points
thanks to the thumb what three minutes
is a lot of times not enough time for a
lot of points minutes though your calves
are going down some of the first guinea
they're like families are done it's over
are you trying to avenge the calves
right now why you got that locals are
you trying to avenge the count oh whoa
whoa
Oh footwork footwork okay you ready oh
okay okay let's go let's go don't you
ask aah
Top Chef it will be ten tap
up in the air I want you become like you
trying to except in it I let's get out
of here huh welcome to the end of blog
talk we played a lot with liver for
hours and now I am so now I dyed my hair
back when I was in the Philippines like
a month ago I have not had it cut since
then Edd's but oh and the biggest least
ever I don't forget the shirt come in
today I haven't even seen the mineral
person with the designs that we came up
with so in tomorrow's vlog so make sure
to come back tomorrow because I will be
showing you for the first time ever the
wasabi t-shirt designs and during the
first giveaway that's all I got you guys
today I'm going to glue my haircut and
if you guys want some free March I'll
see you tomorrow
subscribe and don't forget to remember
if you're a smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye always an elbow or knee
on life on
as well
