oh I never by little not we're up here's
our you hello
my face has nothing kissing I'm almost
at the door here we go
goodbye now goodbye now yeah
Oh goodbye always kind of job no
therapist out today I have something
super crazy for you guys my friends hit
me up and said hey you want to fly a
plane today for the first time ever I
said yeah I'm not going to fly this one
but we go fly love songs um this is it
this isn't it but this is like the DES
model version of what we're going to fly
they said that I'm going to get in the
plane I'm going to fly off the ground
into the sky fly around then they want
me to wind it like I can't do it I can't
do it there's going to be an instructor
with me but I don't think I can do it
I kid okay all right no I can do this I
could do it for those of you let's go
let's go I can't do it okay dude today
we got Yuka and well again again yep
hello yaar Pete hey and we got Reza he
is going to teach me how to fly his
plane he's gonna be sitting right next
to me holding my hand with my extra pair
of underwear when I pee myself and you
gonna show me how to take off and leave
this earth go into the sky and then
return back to earth safely stuttering
Zeigler safely safely I kids talk coloso
nervous I'm nervous
you gotta take off Ernie's got a line
and I gotta land you got our lives in
your I got you trust me
this is it this is
magic carpet ride we're gonna have some
cool angles here we got the GoPros we
got my seat tubular back hahaha with me
yeah and then okay leave it if they
don't know of all the things that you're
trying to work out right now so we know
everybody get in let's go all right any
trust me yet alligators in the pool and
yeah worried about this there's a flood
of a needle not fight among black okay
duck still slow dr. gross a hey Doug I
want to introduce you guys to somebody
Julian come here I got to introduce you
this is the newest member of team wasabi
Julian and he started working with me
too like twice you guys twice to the
third time and I was like hey man I need
you to come get in a play with me so I
can fly for the first time he's feeling
safe yes he literally just met you guys
know he's trustworthy so we're gonna do
it I'm so sorry but I've never flown a
plane like I'm surprised you're not
nervous or nervous you're not adrenaline
noradrenaline you hiding in there dog
his main job is to keep my life in order
to organize he'd be on schedule and to
protect my life if need so Tiger came
running at me what you do I push you in
and close the door like that you do
things and then you would say outside I
jump on top okay here's my hand put your
life in it let's go harder thank you
let's do this here we go I literally
found out that I was doing this
yesterday last night I was texting is
like hey you want to come fly these
planes and I'll think of course you go
looking for you I mean why nah it's like
I just threw him in the deep end of
YouTube he didn't know the exact species
aren't gonna do anything by the way
oh no that's just for comfort yeah how
do you jump right here okay
like that oh it's like Oh guys have a
good time you're doing everything from
the beginning to end there's a good ride
to fabien on the left-hand side there's
a red switch it says master on it okay
let's head up now we're going to turn
the world pump on you're gonna hear some
noise what's that up this one yep oh no
that's okay we'll turn it off we'll just
ignore it
yeah oh we're all set to go now I want
to let everybody know now's the time you
can open your window away I can open it
now they're really about to go yeah this
is gonna happen this is about to happen
you better tell everybody get out of the
way get out of the way here we go let's
not be on it wrong what sorry on the
track here we go I left hand you in the
ignition
no not okay I'm okay here we go turn it
all the way to the right until the
engine starts oh
whoa I'm sick right now isn't happening
we're going to get a nurse in just a
moment we're attackers out of here okay
go over and for the runway engineering
dig up all right yeah for you a yes you
must join support edible water haha
goodbye everybody
you'll be out of pain you got fit right
she's upset
yeah we'll see alright now I put your
hand right down here this is power and
okay feet down on the pedal okay up
below was that a little pouch just a
touch good and that's going to help us
keep moving forward okay we're not
moving a little bit more than I guess oh
my gosh okay you're steering it oh look
it's fun
we're going to hit them hey Vince right
all right we're to make a left turn
add a little power to keep you moving
okay there we go now it's front of you
Alex in yellow line out your taxi line
so I'll take the power from there for
you am i doing better that you can do
the first time I'm about to grab the
airsick bag throw I don't think I feel
we're not holding something well you can
hold you could have okay you can follow
this yellow line okay
all the way around to your left okay
okay why is a little fuel blinking for I
don't know okay Julian you still have
time to get out down below flip on all
those switches easier all of them all of
them except for the green one
definitely don't touch the green one
that bijective season without oh and for
surprise all right everything looks
totally great everything is operating
normally you guys ready to get out of
here yeah oh here we go straight out
front of you okay oh yeah come on good
what I don't know what I'm about to do
do it great I pull it back when you died
it just keep looking at road in the road
okay all right I buy this is not where
up here's ru is oh I'm still going up
we're still going up gonna push forward
just my god oh oh you see the horizon
way but yes just aim for the horizon on
the horizon just keep fun okay so the
good thing is we're off in the air the
bad thing is we also going to come down
on to get office I know that's the crazy
part first time flying it's happening oh
my gosh I can see my house from here boy
we are going super laughs okay you're
really controlling lucky you can crack
it what yeah boy people don't even pull
okay I don't want to crank anything
anymore
everything though the horror and take a
look that's the airport you just took
off from already all the way out here
somehow we got to get back there at some
point okay
Zeus okay now what don't forget to
breathe enjoy the view all right look
around you're flying we're going to get
just a little bit lower okay we're going
down so no don't say that
we're going to make a water landing how
fast we're going you did about a hundred
and ten thousand hours oh my gosh these
people don't even know that there's a
first-time flyer above them yeah I have
no idea
all the houses are crazy look at that
house I keep thinking that you're gonna
save me if I if I mess up and you got a
better chance that you got helping out
at this place
what's that thing called where you just
fall my father still Dargo narcolepsy oh
I forgot to tell you guys I have that
just so we're the whale-watching
observatories are so you can see well if
I get lucky today I've always wanted to
see well I've never seen one of my life
okay look away
oh I didn't do that
hello Tommy I gotta take my jacket off
now Mohan and bothered by the way every
time you do something Julia grabs my
legs and Oaxaca shopping go through your
slides
hi that's what I'm doing it's a lot
easier I don't have to do a lot of
flapping I didn't do that you put a
flying dog
I just want to go please
ah
not even airplane flying it oh my gosh
sounds crazy
Oh okay can we do it one more time oh
hey Julian why was hardly a surprise to
you zero cheese wanna do it again
oh we did go here we go here we go
crazy okay no more it's not me guys
crazy huh oh man I can't with that flu
that's not playing you still got a man
think that you got to accomplish all
back on the ground
Julian you thought you were scared this
is the scary oh please this is laughing
it if you guys can see before I'm about
the land right there right there alright
so here we go we're gonna make our
descent and bound for landing okay have
you Alex keep that runway right in front
of you okay
I like do better hop it hey I well I
said you're right I better because
there's no other way can we switch feet
I don't want be Sifl after you said
Nazis lovely why is it getting lovely as
we get close to the ground that will
upload it okay guys everybody just calm
down gentle as a controller please go
back to the right okay like spread down
the runway okay
hey keep looking down the runway okay
now gently pull back just gently gently
oh we did it we did it present thank you
for the unlimited trust you have us to
me in my friend I feel like I'm good on
flying for a while thank you again for
bringing me out you guys every time you
you always have something crazy you were
born with the skills to fly go check out
their vlog youtube.com slash Dutra vlogs
would no no answer DNA yeah I could dude
honest on with a mass and a blog so a
dude with his sons vlogging are you guys
his son I thank you so much plane for
keeping us safe and returning us back to
earth how are you enjoying him with
obvious I mean it's really fun you know
that you have to legally get your name
change to Giuliana Bobby now done it
done there you go to having sausage
expect a lot more adventures in the
future my friends welcome to the end of
vlog talk is the next morning and I
still can't believe I flew a plane
yesterday what that's all I got for you
guys today
see you tomorrow as always subscribe and
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong okay bye
always an elbow or knee on my time
as well you don't have to
