I have a puppy radar it's like it's like
a sixth sense well I did it you're lying
you're lying what it is would it be what
it do Kong
what's your best impression of me doing
it
what is what a people is do song I'll do
it that's not how I do it exactly I
definitely need to have a pod that
leaves what it is would it be what it do
stall I don't want to go grocery
shopping I hate shopping especially
grocery shopping shopping complete I
know the hard work ah I don't care what
the poll said babies are so much cuter
than pop in the pool again see puppies
in the pool and also yeah Hudler by I
know I know I know
that's only because you see puppies more
often no you see the babies oh fuck is
so much more often in life watch dogs
we're gonna see at least three puppies
before we see even one human yeah you
look crazy virgin no I don't do crazy
person you just question me I was rude
no there's no way what was the last time
you saw a puppy like five years ago
probably five minutes ago how do you
know cuz I convinced you were you
looking exactly where I was looking yeah
no I have a puppy radar it's like it's
like a sixth sense well I didn't you're
lying you're lying
let's settle this once and for all
whoever loses has to treat either
puppies are better than babies or babies
are better than puppies so if you lose
you say babies are better or cuter than
puppies
you're gonna lose everyone loves an
underdog this is my head I think this
game time oh let's go you want to get
your phone ready so you can treat it you
can put it in your draft
the table planet
fermented top of the petals you create
an appealing gave you let's go
15 15 15 15 something-something 15 you
puppies everywhere you gotta to
developes have much do love puppies
stick drink if you feel good was like
fall do I really the tweet it yeah your
rule
what are depleted they're not bad babies
this haha cuter or better no you got to
take one no you guys a puppies are cuter
than babies yeah but I can't lie to the
world
give me a lie of the world okay fine you
don't have to do this think about the
children
puppies are cuter than babies okay I
guess no no explanation point we didn't
say anything by X which point I'll be
luckier than baby let me see then you
can't delete it
puppies are cheer than baby oh no while
we're here you guys go enter this
pinkeye giveaway whoa eleven point two
thousand retweets you guys are crazy I'm
so glad you finally came to your senses
no gross mmm you sleepy guppy actually
before you go to sleep I have to pick
two winners of the pink sabe Hat
giveaway I was wondering if maybe you
could help me choose the winners
okay good okay let's see what love that
oh not that wait oh here oh love that
right all right okay right there got it
I just need you to scroll through these
and pick two winners all you gotta do
keep scrolling keep scrolling and there
that's one we need to keep scrolling and
scrolling keep scrolling in there you
did good job I'm proud of you
yeah is there some sweet pussy Shh oh
just
firstly welcome to the end of vlog talk
last night I let guppy sleep in my room
for the first time ever Aaron would
sleep early and I didn't want to wake
him up by putting W in his room sounds
like you know what could be you sleep
with me we're gonna be best friends
let's do this thing I made a nice little
bed with his favorite blanket right next
to me so we could sleep next to each
other throughout the night I would look
over and see still there and he was and
he was sleeping comfortably were both
snoring together we were harmonizing it
was great but then I woke up this
morning and found this wait for it wait
for it wait for it wait for it
poop now it's time for the two Mesabi
pink hat giveaways you know I did a
giveaway on Twitter and all you had to
do was retweet the tweet that I tweeted
about the Hat 14,000 people retweeted
that tweet but there can only be two
winners
guffy chose them last night let's see
who he chose winner number one is Denise
from Portland you have won a pink wasabi
hat expect a hat very soon and the
second winner is Johnny Diaz from
Hartford Connecticut you won't be rockin
Osamu hat very soon my friend that
completes the Hat giveaways but do not
worry because soon the shirts will be
ready for me to do giveaways with
they're not going to be ready to put in
my online store yet but I can get a few
early so I can give them away to you
guys in some upcoming vlogs that's all I
got for you guys today
see you tomorrow and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you do
any wrong okay bye
always an elbow or knee
as well Oh
