I like them I look like I know how to
write in cursive I go ahead and write in
cursive
what is would it be what it dude oh whoa
what's in here on top of me I'm gonna be
up all night it take no way you guys
have fun doing it
oh I can do it hey hey why do you get
why are you doing this oh my god I'm
living live from Explorer so he's on
this however long journey he's on and
he's with this you see my backpack he's
exploring stepping out of his comfort
zone stepping out of his comfort zone
that's one looking for why is it so
blurry I'm gonna call youtubers and
that's know if I can stay so when I call
you and ask you if I can stay your house
what are you gonna say you're already
kind of in the old balls yo Alex
yo hey um you know how I decided to like
go travel the world and like only have
my backpack
yeah I need a place to stay tonight can
I stay with you
yesterday you didn't think I'm sleeping
in a bus full of balls tomorrow I don't
even know a bus full of all is daytime
now and the ball pit is still alive hi
hi boy why is he so calm yo cuz he's
Kong to calm the Sabbats bomb oh my gosh
look at your face look at your face look
at it look at look at your tongue is
still out why did tongue still put your
tongue away put it in there that's not
that's that's unsanitary Oh goodbye
balls I miss you guys too but you're in
a better place now now you can travel
and see the world you're not stuck in my
downstairs hallway I can't jump in you
right now I have to go okay one more
time
okay bye-bye now
oh he doesn't say goodbye he says ye
guess what I've been busy all day
are you ready it's about to go down
right now right now wait wait oh it is
on that super empty I know that's all
you right there everything oh and then
fuzzies here again take a shower
guppy you try still might grow with your
sweet dance moves Guppies try still my
girlfriend I believe that what are you
doing
my guppy I gotta go on a date with my
girlfriend no no is that Lauren's date
no this is how you know you're unhealthy
when you bring your own pop ones evening
to the movies unhealthy are they diet
yeah oh you mean just like my coke
caramel popcorn fruit snack and that
used to be a hot dog what do you need ah
we're going to our first ever couples
photo shoot with a professional hopper
yeah yeah hey chicken nugget welcome to
the last bookstore
you'd be such a good librarian this is a
huge bookstore with the largeness that's
just downstairs and then it goes way
back there good luck on your next
picture oh I'm in this one Oh
okay those fake glasses yeah are you
even a real librarian what do you mean
yeah I like to scream authenticity right
now this is professional Lauren face and
then let's see regular Lauren face
library zoo's confused me why don't they
just order them from books that have the
biggest words all the way in the back
and then a short words they can put on
the front it's easier to read he did a
photo shoot you wanna see you yeah make
a cat time oh he wears a sweater because
he's cold because he has none when you
pet them though like does it work is it
like their skin just wrinkles up I feel
like it would be sticky he's not sticky
at all are you sure the hairless cats
they sweat like normal humans yeah it's
give a bath like every three to four
days
oh and Chris you're still being lady
lady oh hi oh my gosh your face is large
your ears a larger his large she's posed
up
another 20 pounds it was so large it was
so large hangar glasses yeah I'm gonna
look smart
probably promise no promises
it's good that pretty what's one way to
describe how I look right now
whoa I like them I look like I know how
to write in cursive
what is gross
this is gross that's the most disgusting
thing I've ever seen in all my life ah
I've never seen something so gross ever
Izzie Chris the Blues gross and Kiwis
gross and and Boo Boo's gross and
they're all yuck and fuzz is the most
gross welcome to the end of vlog talk it
is time to give away the first-ever
wasabi black hat ever give away you get
it every day maybe I don't know I have
gone through the previous vlogs comments
and chosen randomly
nobody likes five the missing bear bear
but now he's not me anything I have gone
through the comments on the previous
vlog I made sure they're subscribed and
I made sure they liked the vlog and the
winner is but Sarah Phillips from
Atlanta Georgia I love Sarah Phillips
yeah congratulations
tomorrow I'm giving away the white
wasabi hat and you know what to do to
enter the giveaway subscribe like this
vlog and comment anything down below
anything at all are you might hats and
shirts go out sale early next week I
have one
Wow
I'm told you know you know I'm sorry
truce truce look if I spell first of all
is that true Wow you didn't already know
the big news
I got fuzz that's right No oh I am in
escape the night my first Youtube bread
series ever it was so much fun filming
it I can't wait to you guys see it comes
out on June 22nd there's a bunch of
people in it like me Tyler Oakley Liza
Koshi Joey Graceffa Alex wasabi oh here
it is me what and Lorex isn't it - it
comes out June 22nd can't wait because
to see it it's gonna be that's all I got
for you guys today
see you tomorrow make sure to subscribe
and don't forget to remember oh that's
myself a little bit if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong gross okay
bye always an elbow or knee on my side
as well
