I'll hold the camera and you guys go to
work okay hi Alex
I like the way you think what it is
would it be would it dude Oh what am I
going to do with all these balls what is
that I don't think you understand
what is it
whoa copy when I copy all right don't
touch it don't touch it
what is it could be oh you shall not
pass the essentials sucks gushers ice
cream Pringles dog toy more socks wasn't
booty with us good
oh there you left this in the store Oh
for what did you Lea kick-out you have
to escort it out whoa whoa I did you
know I heard you you're very loud person
I heard you're here to help me out
getting rid of some stuff you're helping
me out but it's like in your mind I'm
helping you out in my mind you're
helping me yeah so you're taking
advantage of me in Jessica manager you
have so even reason I love working with
doing all of them yeah yeah okay oh my
god
all you Alex bro i extremely
underestimated this situation
got it done is that it is more before
you could take these balls in to raise
your right hand say aye
Logan Paul exercise number one fan
promise to make all these balls and use
them to their full potential full
potential and do something ethically
those in the absolute oh no I can't eat
that happen all right let's go Wow our
fifth trip up and what it is this is
getting kind of crazy okay I'll hold the
camera and you guys don't work Hey hi
Alex
I like the way you think oh my god we
did it oh I can have it back that one
yeah I got it yeah it's not fun I think
you should get on top and then we give
it you need to jump in
Oh Oh goodbye my friend
oh thank you no really no really thank
you no thank you
no no no no Logan Logan Logan okay thank
you thank you thank you your hands wet
now comes my ball have fun in your new
home there's a guy over here across the
street trying to fly something lucky I
don't know what it is but I was like a
KFC bucket and it's really windy so I
don't know if you're gonna be able to
get up here Oh
here you find it oh but I do run run for
your lives run Pope about the shutting
down we're done the ball pit is
officially gone forever forever I don't
know what we're going to do with them
but they're probably going to be
destroyed somehow so I kept a few boxes
to myself what to do what to do
time to bring someone Frank comes bleep
it was a funny little prank that I used
to do back in North Carolina I have my
old house to all my friends I came over
can't wait to get to see it but now it's
time for the end of vlog talk I'm going
to post the prank I just filmed tomorrow
but for right now it's time for a hat
giveaway I'm not going to give this one
away because I didn't make a lot of
these this is a sample hat for me to
choose hat so just imagine this is black
this is a black hat with white riding I
can't find my actual black hat but you
would get that one anyways you're going
to get a brand new one to enter the
black Bobby hat giveaway give this vlog
a big thumbs up make sure you subscribe
to turn the notifications L on and
comment anything down below I'm going to
randomly pick somebody down there go do
it right now and tomorrow there's
another hat giveaway for the white ones
and after that does a pink hat giveaway
then I'm going to do shirt giveaways and
then they all go on sale early next week
so if you don't win you could still get
one that's all I got for you guys today
see you tomorrow subscribe and don't
forget to ever if you're not smiling
you're doing wrong okay bye always an
elbow or knee on life
as well
