none of this I'll be it put them be a
funky little bit what it is would it be
what it to draw faces would I go do um
little QE no we're gonna play Mario Kart
on give me XD you buy everyday like
on like he's done oh oh oh go old mini
Beamer okay hey wonder we're going to
play against boys that say what job' Oh
too bad you didn't get your own parking
spot Oh
oh wait this would be yes what I was
what a coincidence to see you here I
would what are we are you entering this
Mario Kart battle as you can show that
about the
that door there's some Kylie top-secret
stuff
commune with them we just got a way I
problem a few days to zone nope I'm
going to shown tomorrow let's go okay
guys I told Laura we're driving up I'm
an athlete coming into the stadium
definitely the finals and the whole life
it is I mean honestly I'm okay it's
really one of us against Jimmy yet 4x
okay I got you guys Jimmy Wang when I
going down whoa
this is our hello nothing to lose you
yet no I don't think any of it oh okay
oh it's game time
Joey are you going to be even a
competitor experi I can't like you see
that you're going to be you're going to
be really good I know you're going to be
a very fierce competitor that's more
like it and I just I think you're going
to make it across the line
here is one way or another whether we
fertilize but this guy is my mortal
enemy we're not friends today oh yeah no
hey we're enemies you were watching it
this guy's good at mark I play a lot of
Mario Kart see if they skip right in
okay and now my second time playing on
quit so just wait this way oh my god can
I press one button which one okay so
anyway I'm ready I'm ready
I get that Bell see I'm just playing
have you ever seen let somebody press
one like that
No
everybody everybody he's a really cute
green dinosaur everybody get back
playing around in pretoria ality
cholestacare
Oh
the resetting the entire set for me and
Lauren to come in and play Mario Kart I
need to say Lauren on the daily in real
life but now I get to beat them on
here we go this is it who's gonna win
the race good little better you are
later so you gotta wait till the show
comes out to actually see who won that
race is a race but we're going to do
another race off-camera and then you
guys can find out who wins this one and
I'll give you a hint it's me Oh Mel Oreo
is my character if you're wondering cuz
you're here carefully you haven't yes
okay
they took our gaming system of the
saucer and get away I guess I'll have to
figure out the victor another you wanna
go find one and we're going to play a
few honors universes ally Lauren asked
me about ten minutes ago how she can get
the fifth bear bear and I said has to
come into our life organically and then
all of a sudden
Mia comes over with a present what does
this mean really cute with Alyssa
subscriber of estimate at beautycon car
I'm very skeptical about this whole
situation
I know it's about to go down I know if I
really queue holographic tag on it
that's like on this economy get whoa the
big no go to the gift part how does it
don't be it who's gonna be a champion in
the VIP it's not
oh wait yeah yeah but you knew it coming
didn't you
and you said that subscriber of beauty
go ahead given her I did for me and
she's if you opened your like five
percent she was like oh my god
now she throw them all away um they
punch him when we pledged them and then
kid you know the routines consoling kiss
no no no you know you know I'm not gonna
do it can we never get another stuff you
ever ago you know the routine nor they
believe me why are so many of them now
let me see they put back up early you
can belittle club this way oh very
complete it has been a long time oh it's
very so long for this hasn't Wow
well when there was the first time we
got the first one when a minuscule last
February
what is it over a year are you probably
go home let me get all of them one time
I've never got a complete punch the
family says they've never got to feel
like it before
oh that's not gonna happen never gonna
happen
I'll get the family punches no come on I
got plus of Emory I kicked the February
do then mmm-hmm I was way too Philippe
welcome to the first meeting for the
first episode of season what he's in the
what are realigning like 25,000 of
Bachelorette
hello hello everybody welcome enjoy the
call there he's Lauren made them and now
let's begin the worst show ever
yes the Bachelorette welcome to the end
of vlog talk I cannot wait for you guys
to see the epicness that went down today
when this show airs on Disney XD I'm not
sure when it show airs but when it does
I'm gonna let you guys know so you don't
miss out but all I can say for now is oh
wait yeah I still have the shirt on they
gave me I couldn't wear the shirt I was
wearing so they gave me this shirt and I
forgot to give it back no so sorry dizzy
if you need two shirt back let me know
and I'll bring it to you right now
I'll grade you as soon as you let me
sell you need to serve back I don't know
where to bring it let me know and last
thing the hats are almost ready so I'm
going to start giving away hats tomorrow
tomorrow I'm giving away the black hat
so come back for that the next day
pink hat and the next day white hat it's
coming to you who's going to win it and
then the shirts come out don't leave a
bunch of those away and then they go for
sale online for you guys so you can
represent wasabi and wasabi
team wasabi all day you will me we don't
get it that's all I got for you guys
today
see you tomorrow subscribe and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye always an
elbow or a knee on lifetime
as well you don't have to
