we gotta go tell em up and go look up
Uzi go wake them up go we gotta go look
at the houses yeah go get up go get them
it's just gonna be the house if you give
you a hug I know because there's two
bathrooms and I need two bathrooms for
myself hey man do you not read my
doorbell like a million times in the
morning love yeah that's the only way to
age oh no love it sixth time we not even
tried to send our muffin to go get you a
Louise isms and there's one thing you
forgot to do what get the point we look
out of this we can't forget maybe horse
whoa okay this is cool oh yeah night Jen
is nice
this is crazy view though wake up a look
at that there's an upstairs okay so you
can wake up and then just walk outside
look at that view this is my own dollar
look at her stomach looks like a bird's
gonna come in and just take a look Laura
whoa okay that's a big drop even this
room is Joe you can't go outside but you
can look
excuse me sir
this if you guys remember if you go
every time we get together something
crazy happens which I love you come in
here with open my life what do we have
this hug we have a crocodile and I must
win with it Chris be yoga in slime Oh
but today we are gonna put stuff in a
dryer oh man what are we going to put in
handles in it oh so we're gonna put a
brick in there kind of looks wet right
have you ever done anything I've never
done anything I've put clothes in there
and my little brother and that's it how
did that work out I didn't turn it on so
we're gonna put a brick in there or a
bowling ball you know what why don't you
choose I mean we could try I think it's
going to density inside was not going to
mess up the machine too much maybe I
don't know I'm not a dryer professional
expert or something let's do this thing
let's go I feel like this is about to
get crazy so we have this wooden plank
to hide behind like this while we're
watching what happens yeah but we
decided to name this guy Wilfred because
Wilfred just sounds like somebody you
can trust to do your laundry so very
trustworthy name I was a very happy
person he's not going to be happy for
long when we put a bowling ball in his
nose so cute now it's beating first no I
think yeah you got started it was all
okay I'm gonna be back here behind the
car hold on I gotta put this on right
okay I'm ready I think it's a bad idea
but I'm glad doing the dry oh yeah is it
going oh come on go well Fred your time
to shine
oh here we go back up get out yeah save
yourself
whoa oh it's gonna get crazy let's gonna
get five
it's really up high behind this car go
go in a couple seconds ago go fast fast
you guys said this was gonna be cool
ah did it stop oh oh come on don't be
close go come on we all wanted to happen
book Wilfred well friend oh and I was
saying those in the law going pretty
fast now I think the three yeah put the
brick in there with it yeah good good
got it got it you got it you got it okay
put the brake in there where's the brake
it's right there
oh my baby's mother did I know okay now
there's a brick in there you want to
push the start oh that's it game time
brick life well brandade that's
inappropriate oh here we go
game time I love how we're all not
scared anymore we're all back there and
now we're like let's put our feet right
in it first you start off something
carefully and then you get over to
confident I think he likes it it's
cyclical oh he's a Google I'm we'll burn
those lovebirds I'm a big bully we can
make this work attend number three okay
come on Wilfred hold the good start
adjustments are necessary what are you
doing back here
oh you're cutting them oh my god now
it's on the photo now slowly and do
parties along your mouth okay one more
one okay moving free
oh yeah it's getting wobbly now we need
to go faster at least you can't blame us
for not time it's definitely wobbling
could you set a hat sector oh we can
tape it to the wall adjusting yeah I
mean it's worth a try but we gotta keep
it clean so we need to tape the brick
down to the side of the wall so the
equilibrium matches a circumference of
the exasperated effort put out by these
mechanical contraption right exactly
what you say hopefully that will hold it
down you think it'll hold it sure this
is where all our dreams come true you
know what make a break but this time we
want great though it's the last time
it's gonna break one way or another
pretty all right
Yeah right yeah you look silly Wilfred
okay okay good start speeding up a
little bit come on Willy it's like when
you're making pancakes the first one is
never the good one you got to do like
two kind of bad ones and you're cooking
hopefully these are going pretty good
we've got a little bit of sideway more
we're going the beginning of this is
about to take off
come on Wilfred you got this Wilfred it
was your motivation those beer okay oh
no no you broke it my motherboard you're
done we're gonna replace it with Wilfred
2.0 he can take a job this is a fun
adventure thank you sir thank you
until next time your rings unhurt oh
he's not happy we're gonna make this
work I'm down let me know I'm coming
back we're gonna make this happen
I do and I knew yeah now guppy
dodge this okay okay
I said died should I get out of the way
pretty gutsy
okay I'm gonna put my hand it's gonna
come at you and then you dodge it copy
okay here slow motion okay you know all
the time in the world it does this you
got it move move
also clutters up June okay last one
dodge miss karate chop cruddy Chuck
don't let me get your head don't let me
get it and I got it uncle viva la la la
oh we are you eating his boogies welcome
to the end of vlog talk merchants coming
out super soon I promise I promise it's
happening it's just where we're getting
it all together and it's gonna be the
guys that got the washing machine that
didn't really do what we wanted it to do
is getting another one so wait for that
is going to be dope and it's going to be
a lot crazier we just need a stronger
washing machine to get it going really
crazy tomorrow the guy is coming to take
down the ball bet he's got to tear down
the wall first I'm having a bunch of
people over to film an epic last time
involved in montage so you don't want to
miss it that's all I got for you guys
today
see you tomorrow subscribe and don't
forget to remember if you're not why are
you doing it wrong okay bye - always an
elbow or knee on my time
as well you don't have to
