know what it is what if they went don't
talk
today I'll be thinking I think the third
breath bomb bad but I'm taking about
life but these aren't just any bath bomb
bad to helping with such an adventure I
have brought my cauldron listen the only
difference one I think ah nobody no harm
trouble temple temple Oh
are you pretty greeted by guys what I
can do it oh my god with my nail you
have to ingest me chemicals Oh
jeezum crow ready don't do it don't
don't do it
oh holy ball off adults it's okay pink
blue then red let's get in okay right ha
coughing fun in that anything that no oh
man super fun we ready yeah you want to
get kokis be picking a lot of pok√©mon
are pull the ball away you know and this
is a pokemon in the ball there's nothing
to Holly jewelry in them what yeah pull
over there oh maybe what there is it's
definitely Jigglypuff but wonder if I
give up Myrtle and to add out remember
you know is Jude Club always beat you
for you can do it my handler gonna get a
good angle for the Wahhabi hey guys hope
you're in there I'll do it for you yeah
whoa that is not a big one here whether
I'll feel it it's like super exploding
in my hand
whoa what is ugly that leg is a lamb
possible Oh got our hopes up they need
each other there this is a really small
baby jiggly Club we would've seen it by
now
wow that the bathtub though yeah it
looks good
see mommy oh I keep thinking some lamb
picking out my big if you only have a
few of those yeah Wow what is that
that's copy it what is it that some of
the paperwork oh it is it is hold on we
determine your agents words or Oman each
other we quiz that Jackie nice a what
what does not a Pokemon what does the
monkey doing in the shower
Oh a fire monkey if you actually belong
Danny more than uber well and have you
every Idol next we always with my choose
you whoa that homes like are so lazy
they're crazy every time they don't get
left crazy it'd have to be turtle Lou
what about sea monster where they cute
sea monster your nose mouth your nose
who does Garrett start as you don't
think Aris is cute here does another to
get a little scary to be a genius
no no II work no not magic RT Doran
Holly world
poliwag no not my life I do like Holly
way move whoa I think this is one of the
legendary when you don't know about this
one either
I'm I'm just like Pidgeotto what do you
think that isn't there looks like Ram
horse trailer what does not almost I'll
hold on
I choose you oh wait oh this is the dark
form of easy in it that looks like
Evie's like angry I'm home that's scary
no we know this is love it is hot in
here so hot it's a final talk to ya
okay I want to teach you good how long
do that little bit watch you
oh I feeling green with green ok click
know what I'll feel it different crowd
do it yeah me no you must burn his head
no oh it might be safer please no
Pokemon who are you oh are you one too
what happened man well are you you got a
frog thing no I don't know that did
these new Pokemon they make my heart so
bad you know you don't like it we had to
go from here to here okay
hey don't slip don't fall don't break
anything you guys stay here
look we didn't eat jello go Coco Coco
you get a fun wet you're gonna blow it
hey get up what are you guys running
away looking for rest kids from the
water the weather
aaaah don't go back to the showers of
creepy
no I didn't why did he get you half a
bar is it work
oh I guess we'll never know this
well I still told you yeah yeah haha
hoping I've enjoyed the second couples
backbone video give this long big thumbs
up if you want more fat box videos I'm
going to order a bunch more bath bombs
with surprise toys inside it we're going
to find out what's in them together
definitely not the other day subscribe
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong okay
bye
always an elbow or knee online
