excuse me thank you can you get can you
please go play over there I'm Clint I
want it I'm watching key Sabbath I'm
trying to watch the game
come on is Game seven stop get off my
feet
get off and it's like seven more minutes
in the game guffy not now what do you
want from me cookie I'm the I'm gonna
squeeze you with my thighs if you don't
leave me a lot
no no no no no no games done now you
want to play still or you want to take a
nap you look tired
look here but that's cool too but it's
really kind of gross now if you'll
excuse me I have to go feed your
sister's some gums for a bun bun and yum
yum is for Cheech
I guess I haven't gotten used to a
Filipino jet lag because I just took
three hours hello I can't sleep let's
see what everybody else is up to
Oh what's up man oh good
nice alright keep going what you're
doing okay that was that's a regular
show your reaction the e oh here's a
drug run this is what I have to move in
within a week I made that you don't
think the first one was better you know
who who wanted last time in Suzy our
Michael Tina who won you did I know
no if I did doing what everything I want
to do it super late I and you made me do
it
you know you can ask me to do it again
I'm not doing it okay okay you have to
prove yourself everybody knows I'm I'm
volunteers Suzy I got you something huh
here you go I got a long time for you
when you were going to decide to come
back to vlogging life what is it so easy
it is okay look at the front yeah yeah
hey I want to take me good does it say
on the front it says yogi trading code
there you go new Yogi's the river
from South America my Medellin and the
Highlands are adjacent to Liberia yeah
unlike various connected to the Tokyo
Tokyo is connected what are you talking
oh there's more in there I don't know I
think I want to order one for me good
like your jumper yes I'm gonna papa
although I'd better look below mean the
jungle thanks Susie doesn't want to join
the arm wrestling you could be the ref
okay it's going to be Aaron versus
Nevada and me versus Josh we're in arm
wrestle to the death
whoever wins gets to get phousi a
special high five who would be that I've
always thought I can't change it now
what is it well I've already been
calling that for like two years I can't
change now I want a nice clean match I'm
not going to say stop until I see blood
isn't Andrew what but you got say three
two one and three trick linkages and
after the third one you can start okay
they're gone Google the last instance
then watch this three two one oh oh it's
even match they really want to high-five
you food do you know what I mean by
special high-five would you say special
high-fives getting the winner it's a
special high-five you
I'll tell you we're both like go to like
relax go oh my god I think one big solo
oh man I'm gonna lose to you I think
it's like that is this you're gonna beat
me cause I got my three your heart is
mine all bro what are yours
telephone go baby
This Is It this is a final round bigger
no go I hope you have gone does nothing
to do this cuz Roman easy on the tour
okay so one I love the Philippines go oh
ah
okay okay okay you can give you my hands
yeah this is what I brought what does it
do you'll see you give that leap your
hands flat when you have fun trying to
get hurt no three two one good eye cubby
no don't even
welcome to in the blog talk get to have
something super exciting to tell you
this guy the wasabi hats are being made
right now 300 black ones 300 white ones
and 300 pink ones
now the hats are going to be done
slightly before the shirts so when the
hats get done I'm going to do a huge
merch giveaway every day for a week I'm
going to be giving away a hat to you
guys until the shirts are ready then
when the shirts are ready I'm going to
do merge giveaway with this shirt too
and then once all the merch is done and
I've given away at least one of each
item that's going to be on sale then I
will make it available in the stores
just for you guys
day two of the mustache-growing is
complete let me know your honest
feedback and the guns down below I'm
really gonna like it because it doesn't
look good but you know my face has never
been this warm it's like I have a face
sweater on like a really really really
tiny say sweater that's all I got forgot
today subscribe
come back tomorrow so you can see how
much more the thing is grown and
Lauren's reaction to it and don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it oh okay bye always an elbow or
knee on my
as well Oh
