for everybody in listening range I don't
poop my pants she lines are all stories
the file day has come up
goodbye Philippines until next time our
paths cross again are you gonna come
back next year really help me - I hope
my girl writers call you come back next
year yes okay even if you're not invited
oh yeah last year they made me make an
alias for my room so that viewers
wouldn't be coming and knocking on my
door in the middle of night what was my
name last year Jimmy Neutron and what
was I named this year Tommy pickles
Tommy pickles another fun fact somebody
couldn't do something last year but then
he watched my videos need to do it now
what can you do can you say montage
montage what go did you get it what is
it good we're going to go all the way
back upstairs after we're almost out of
the parking lot because Lauren forgot
something what is it it's a secret
personal thing that we can't know about
it was a big secret okay one more time
ah this is it so next time next year
goodbye Charles your house now Wow
what's all that white what you didn't
want them to come in do you hang out
with them
Oh stinky ha ha ha
you ready to leave the Philippines don't
cry okay no ha all right wait wait me
too me too me too
ha ha thorn and I just that call to the
air prepare Tom to go to the front and
we don't know why they want you to sing
myself I'll be right back
bad news
one of us had to fly tomorrow another
said they said yeah one of it at the fly
tomorrow because you're gonna stay here
in the Philippines alone they have a
hotel in the airport that it was I'm one
of those there how you gonna upload I
wanted to do it
really hon let me check let me check the
book that they gave us oh one of the
airport employees daughter is a newer
coming and they made this for us and
they calls on the intercom to give it
this look good
comment open it - can Amanda okay wow
she's 12
oh there's a reason when I lurve you
really party like enjoys girl Amanda you
would love to smell those do it what
they did so much work all the papers are
here whoa whoa well no reason whatever
reason one two oh yeah that was like
yesterday
Amanda Amanda cute and don't forget to
remember you're not smiling you're doing
it wrong Oh manda I've never had crunchy
Cheetos extra barbecue meat either I
think it's a Filipino thing after Kyle
do it better
lower and why the open your hand like a
spiderweb you don't know how grab back
just wait wasn't focused okay okay okay
okay go
sounds good I don't wait here yellow
like yeah they're not worried I like you
whoa whoa what are you okay go how many
are in there like four got four goes
right after opening yo what okay go take
it down okay Han Jahn hungry they're not
good yeah they both deeply kind of bland
Lauren got me this for my birthday and
I've literally had it in my backpack for
months now that I have this I don't put
my pants anymore maybe that's good what
we're laptops up hands okay do we not
talk about us a lot a lot of people
write weird loves how you put your hands
tell the truth don't lie no lie for days
what really okay I'm gonna cut that
footage before you shake your head
everybody got a big everybody's four
days you realize oh no it wasn't the
last time you do within a like you call
me Oh God
I do not specifically call you to tell
you I remember sitting on the couch on
my apartment
why would I do that cabbage for
everybody in listening rage I don't poop
my pants she lied they're all stories
their fables
for the another adventure coming to an
end what it was a good one
Ola
we made it back in la-la land what do
you guys want to say to Jer and Charles
when they watch this
there are sorry I didn't do the
handshake with you yeah I wish with a
hug first and then I was weird I don't
know what to do i reenact the handshake
of their
hahahaha
welcome to the vlog talk every single
time I go to the Philippines
it becomes a trip that I will never
forget give this love a big thumbs up if
you want more Philippines vlogs and you
want me to go back before the end of the
year and I'm gonna make it happen but
for right now it's time to start the
next adventure and that is finalizing
merch for you guys now that I'm home I'm
going to look through all the jackets
shirts and tank top samples that my
partner sent me pick my favorite ones
and it's going get merged then comes
another big adventure moving me Aaron
Susie guppy dollar teaches bun-bun in
one mansion things are about to get
really interesting we're literally
moving in less than a week that's gonna
be a crazy week that's always I forgot
today see you tomorrow
subscribe and don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye always an elbow or knee
on my time
Oh
