what it is what it be what it do though
Lauren has requested the use of my VCU's
deal we had no but she needs me to do
what I got three stairs up and you need
my music let me see what I can do you
sure you don't want to do this together
no I got it I am really nervous for this
babe like it doesn't look heavy but it's
like really heavy that's amazing
that's not a saying are you super sure
you don't mean to hold the other I just
don't want you to get hurt I mean I
might need help getting it on my back on
your back
okay okay we're gonna do it you got it
Alex oh my god maybe please don't get
hurt I don't know if you have health
insurance
no okay Oh Oh God yeah my skills one to
ten how confident were you about that
okay yeah there that feeling that the
meeseeks yeah this is oh it's supposed
to go in the bedroom downstairs oh I'm
sorry sorry alright alright let's see
what's really in here there's no way
it's a bed and now it's way more than a
hundred pounds
take a second and say thank you
everything you do I know I do this at
some level and every vlog but this time
I'm really feeling it I'm feeling the
love this was about to happen let me
explain we the wasabi ins are up for
water of the year and what were the
awards and before I go to the
Philippines trust me
how much let you know we've hit 10
million yeah by the Febuary in a war for
ten years
whoa what did you do what you Hey
we were just playing around I was
helping you no we're just it wasn't real
okay
nothing I need 10 million first
I'm sorry I got too excited
dude is fighting really words ending our
friendship
look let's just pretend this never
happened hey
friends friends
good good eventually since Brian and I
made up after my first fight ever
we uh guys relax
log log log no fighting we thought the
best way to seal the bond of friendship
we have recreated we thought we'd play
the same basketball team against my
other friends and she's beatable oh yeah
and it's for $1,000 if any other team of
two beats me and rice say $1,000
and if nobody beats us we splinted whoa
no no no one guy that money I don't even
want to be on this team for the head I
just want the money yeah so first
challenger Jansen and luck we're going
down
that means we've beaten everybody on the
court right now it's already done the
deed is done let it go what matters is
that our friendship grew it doesn't
matter that we lost and matters I'm lost
together
hey yeah my face no can I have a hug
please I lost please I can literally see
where hey come here
there's one number
I love you but no come on no if I like
it okay can I be free yeah that's all
got for you guys today sorry things got
so violent like it really escalated
quickly but he insulted my wasabi and so
I had to step up and do what I do see
you guys tomorrow as always and until
then do not forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong okay
bye
