you have to catch me under plaid dress
you Wow it's in the contrary what it is
what it is what I do
go go go Duke go go go yeah what it is
when it be what it took don't good
morning once again Philippines you're
looking beautiful as always today we are
starting off with something kind of
special we partnered up with globe which
is a huge huge media company here in the
Philippines and they are going to show
us a Filipino tradition I don't know
much about what's going to happen but
they said it's awesome and it is called
a brutal fight yes we're going to find
out together
so they brought us up to the roof what
do you have for us gloat what do you
have in my sweetie you know the Buddha
plight is you know the Buddha bias I'm
gonna tell ya you don't eat at all I
have Buddha could be blue noodles now
now that's it either what a bullfight is
is you always look like they're hoping
after good things or like the military
would know say and come back and they'd
be in quadrant two no table it would be
like a party and they all eat at their
hands organs they call it a site because
there's all these muscle guys like
pushing each other trying to get home
I'm a lot bigger than just pleased that
are like you know get a good stance or
something yeah she bite don't bite me
anymore I don't bite you bite me harder
than I bite you thank you okay we're
both planning car later and you can't
tell it by Carter yeah okay go okay okay
we're very much nothing you'll figure it
out
you guys just need to dip your hand and
sort of clean it's close baking but down
so I just be very gentle that you guys
can just go all over but I had you do
that we did it bun Wow it up Oh No
okay here we go
just even one hat one hand right you're
just standing up your side what are you
doing in these up to get some water
fight I'll go drink or divide it one so
you get the nice fruit we got salt and
egg chicken adobo
we have anyhow that's grilled pork we
have C cig that's chopped up pig face
oh it's just a big fish yeah now the
ground of pig face and we have beats
Attica
what do I do is your hands uh-huh you
eat the meat first after you eat for me
get your hand you fingers then you
should thumb to push it into your mouth
yep the point of the brutal fight is you
eat as much as you can okay everybody's
trying to get as much food as possible
give me where you eat right there Eddie
you're right
against awesome Uncle Phil oh it's
natural instinct okay good we're doing
the embarrassing this dissipation all of
that have you watched the first day in
the Philippines you haven't gone to okay
oh hey look it's Carl it's going roof
yeah whoa okay real cozy-like
no yeah no okay
now that I am super full Lauren is super
full oh I want to say thank you to globe
and the whole team we're partnering with
us and helping us have this awesome
experience it's our first little fight
it was an experience to remember my mom
could be so proud we get this all in the
go box and I betrayed is wrap it all all
right where's this look for me yeah it
has my name on it
okay I'll take this don't tell her about
it
yeah oh yeah YouTube globe am i funny
yeah are you sure this is it yeah you
have to catch me over glass
you have to Wow it's in the contract I
like that what's your job Junior to
protect me I can't get hurt
oh so fine even if I'm sweaty if I fall
you have to catch me he loves me more
than you do
he'll catch me I'm not heavy or thodi
movie that's about to come out starring
the rock ought to be told they want to
get oh also one of the bands that we
left me before and okay no yeah okay how
much you guys crazy popular game where
you get to be Mario that whole series
movies it's really dark out yeah wow the
Johnny Cash movie walk the line again
okay pretty fair level yeah yeah Oh
Russell Crowe and he's over here that's
not here yes why alright I'm so glad
that do weekly bet without cheating or
looking at the screen at all welcome to
out in lawrence dressing room very nice
give a pen Alex Lauren and
jay-ar yay
don't cry don't cry
nothing on the stage for rehearsal right
now oh you come from there
yep from down there uh-huh oh that our
bed that's pretty cool that shows you
guys that oh oh yeah this is cool
that's our hearts you don't even use
your whole side you just use here to
here where to absorb my body here so
nobody is in that side you use I here
see on down and blue gross it's what I
look like
excuse me that's my time can we have
them play my thing because I never saw
it ah yeah Oh
Alex oh sorry yeah
okay all right out of there
hahahaha they think it's me that's my
brother massage time for junior Charles
it's not have you had a massage since
last year
no way really this is the second budget
Brad what no way
what okay then you guys can't have
another one until next year and we're
gonna do it again okay
pink it yeah piggie Park there you go
you know logging like this you gotta
touch it up cool there you go suppose
any luck yes there's an algae problem
who has a lock really what is this
garbage nothing only a second massage
ever maybe ever
as the years in the first one haha
so apparently after you're all
completely ready to go you took all your
clothes off put your robe on
you just have to ring these bells and
they'll come in see if it works
wait oh worked now that we all got our
massages and they're really good yeah we
have to go to my room to freshen class
led by Clem oh yeah oh yes just follow
advance move okay in the data view that
Kyle and graduates are running welcome
to the end of vlog talk rehearsals are
done Lauren and I are about to go on
stage and perform a song for the first
time ever our song my side and front of
thousands of people
I hope we're ready was just luck if you
watch the live stream you know what
happened on stage but you don't know
what happened backstage so come back
tomorrow for a vlog and an exclusive
look at the behind scenes of how YouTube
FanFest Mandela went down I'm gonna go
practice some more but first I need to
shave Kyle's face so he looks good for
the big night see you guys tomorrow
subscribe and don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you do it okay bye
always an elbow or knee
well Oh
