I'm hummingbird what it is what a team
would it do so
- time
the man born and I are interviewing on a
morning show you might know of called
EMS Wow what you all out of your
histogram this is how he does it mama
holding your head up higher
heavier look whoa Roja role was time for
- oh no oh my gosh we got a performance
in like you linger - we perform it in
like Judy we're going to mess up our own
song in front of thousands of people
14,000 but first let's get this done
oh look welcome to CNN we're going to
news together you know many together
what is it hey you know what CNN stands
for yeah no cool nice and nifty no
cookies in that law to make better sense
I like other is it weird to wear like a
self brenda's hat on live music
a big reader
killing us companies can rely upon it
like super smooth imitating we're gonna
be on TV yeah we're gonna be TV ever
seen this morning we're going to talk
youtubers have millions and millions of
followers online water than you today
the couple and be online for me area
video number two what are we doing I
guess we're gonna do the news media we
want to search for a new FBI director
that after you've come in don't have
what White House press secretary you
shouldn't be if you if you to member
drop it you're a news reporter that's
all you're reading it what I thought
you're psychic I thought you're doing so
good I think you're making that up say
what where's the life
where is the Philippines and what was
the flight route we took
okay okay I pretty shook you that not
that oh you don't know how planes work
yeah
were you like a proud guy did you cry
just one here one here I'm good okay I'm
gonna go down my hair now okay okay
wow you're gonna still asleep we were on
live TV and drove like an hour and
you're still asleep
oh really not oh we didn't look at our
view yet horror playing I'm moving first
no stop
oh fuck you love it so please give me
get you excuse me I got I got to the
court in ISIL first come on guys
breakfast time Oh chicken cater doctor
chicken picker yes
what's that what they're back
mini Alex's all right
this hotel has a bomb and in this bar
they give massages and you know who like
massages this guy and that girl I just
spoke with them and they said we can
have a massage at 8:00 p.m. tomorrow
okay
I just spoke with them and they said we
can have a massage at 8:00 p.m. tomorrow
okay Aaron they said that tomorrow at
8:00 p.m. we can get a massage all of us
together yeah guys 8:00 p.m. tomorrow
I mean again oh yeah we have the last
time flashback but we're here to get
massages and they said how many and I
counted I counted one two three four
five we need you in there one of the
most decisive attack us okay okay there
you go
you think everybody came everybody his
black pants and a white shirt
have you had a massage before no never
never
oh it says they have room for six of us
so we just got to pick a massage there's
a Filipino pride massage the gentlemen
regenerative massage there's a
mommy-and-me massage there's gonna be
you guys so I already pick one and
tomorrow night we doing it time to get
it to another color and cut and sated
and look in night bars make a hair hair
braided
Oh Ana treatment and kyle's is going to
do it our Kyle does he's that's Kyle
okay guys here I go in this room to get
my hair dyed have fun good luck
sigh down in her purple rose look blue
just like it is blue
maybe turquoise black black blue Kyle
Alex apparently Candice hair dyed doing
I want to go to Berkeley in Saturday but
I were taking when I got two thousand
buses out okay we should see if you
could talk them into dining it black and
just homogeneity because we need to go
back to black
didn't you what do you think it's like a
reverse prank like we prank him to get
it hair to look normal I really like a
disappointed child but then he'll
realize that it's the right thing okay
so this is we're doing this for Alex
Alex is for your own good haircut
complete and now it's time to go blue
and so it begins
I'm going to yeah don't shave his head
and his beard I'm going to shave it I
don't have a beard to shave my own
that's a mother people beard I decide
with this stuff in my hair for 20
minutes it's finally time to wash it out
oh yeah looks like darker blue and I
wanted but what happened we will have
all
all done okay I like it you like it
wait is it gonna fit come on facepalming
you face that's good look it looks to be
nice exactly what you wanted
what would you do
why did not lose it what did you do
Aaron where did you boys where's my hair
not blew the horn
would you my oars will be blue you guys
betrayed me betrayed me I'm betrayal
you're gonna thank me later
no look I look hideous I wanted to look
like a smurf and if you lose that's not
what I wanted I do like spray-on glue
let me get back in and try it out you
promise yeah you guys get out come on
Dirk are you a beautiful you look like a
chimney sweep if you just like cleaned
out a chimney I know what it was
horrible I was like basic Alex again
well I put it to shave your beard oh
yeah tell me the truth that looks a
monkey that look like patrick Star do I
look like a caterpillar on a summer
evening now that my hair is ruined I
have added Google offices in the
Philippines I didn't even know this crew
that's a look at a burro that's like the
Filipino flag incorporated into the
Google logo this is on a 30th floor of a
building downtown whoo-hoo this is high
whoa
okay jr. you go stay here okay I don't
know what it does maybe change your
designer how's it no good that's all
whoa soft whoa that's weird
I'm going to do a live stream
I will video a live stream and a bunch
of creators hundreds of subscribers are
above will be tuning in to the live
stream asking me questions and I will be
giving them tips and with them from my
noggin two minutes everybody
man your stations you ready okay there
we go
I've not any crazy result off my camera
got stolen time by a millionaire what on
an airplane Oh where's my camera
darn it Ellis on a plane I was going
back and this was hot being too much
meat and then I run up to him he's on
this train already and I'm like hey yes
my camera and he's like no I gave it to
a lady so we're like a slow speed chase
right now I try to get this guy and he
would not open his bag what are you
gonna do what are you gonna do three of
us what are you gonna do you can't push
this out of the way and he pulled out my
camera I gives it to me then he gets
arrested this is all in my vlog on my
second channel like from a while ago and
you blogged it well as soon as he gave
my camera I turned it on and like you
saw my camera cuz I didn't have my
camera to vlog it's the craziest
vlogging story i have i love how when
you got your camera the first thing you
did yeah
well if you literally video immediately
the last question can I sing a little
bit of my side to give you a little
sneak peak of what's happening at you
could dampen yes I can Aroha roll was
time for the show I'm ready to remember
bhim already let's go someone asked Alex
Wednesday are you dead no we both had to
pee for like the last 30 minutes but we
can't go getting out of the room and it
was live so come on Danica okay I got
this
that's weird try not be walking there
too late well look what they gave me
whoa it's a ziploc well what come on you
could have just opened the bottom of it
I didn't know that either it's like wow
whoa don't flex so you're gonna rip it
you look good turn around what's on the
back oh you tuber how's it feel it's hot
you don't sweat just suck it all back in
okay
oh I knew it I said you got there is
that what you're wearing
hahaha as a joke you should be more like
Darren Charles they never change they
never ever change pink gloves every
single day forever
is this really new from last year or the
same shirt from last year really I knew
it
Charles is too hot if it gets any hotter
I'm taking my pants off welcome to the
end of blog Jack talk I have an update
on the hats for you guys I've narrowed
it down I picked the three colors we're
going to make it's black pink white that
was unanimously everybody loved it I
don't even know how many to make I don't
know how many of you has one hat if you
want a hat like the vlog then I know how
many I should make for the first round
of hats
I guess I'm going to do 300 of each
color so 300 black hat 300 pink hat and
300 white hats we do mini ones for the
bear bears and duck no please please
what about it please no please
these hats are gonna go I can't hear
anything I can't hear what I'm saying
oh that's Annette they're in my ears no
not particularly everybody okay I am
opening up a new wasabi store to sell
all these in I'm not going to tell you
the website yet because I want to
surprise you guys
but we're super close to announcing
everything super soon just wait wait
less than a week listen week I don't
know I don't know either
we're good super hard on it I promise
it's coming and you guys are going to
love it into the awesome and I'm doing a
bunch of giveaways like I'm giving away
a bunch of hats like a lot that's all I
got for you have today come back every
day this week because I know I'm giving
away these hats too
I just need the green light from my
partners and it's happening don't forget
subscribe like this vlog and don't
forget to remember you're not fine okay
bye
