no surprise what it is would it be what
I do doe s but two hours it's time to go
back to airport bad news
that'll leave you your incapable hands
using great hands
good news is I finally get to see Lauren
again after like nine days that a long
time just gotta make it to the airport
winter line got our tickets to the
Philippine we're ready to go we just
gotta wait for my beautiful girlfriend
and my lovely Kyle to show up
you ready you be Lauren I thought Lauren
are gonna be here there's no way she's
not here yet no not yet
round 2 YouTube FanFest Manila oh are
you gonna be hi this is the Philippines
I brought a reason Oh are you insane it
you can change the statement yeah
can I do that gonna hurt no okay hi is
this along you catch a question who is
more likely to sleep through an
earthquake Alex who's most likely to be
late oh no dude like today yep no yeah
got your personality also did you see
the monitor somebody made of meat such a
lot of cookies yeah yeah hey you guys
should make another one of those no you
feel like I was cheating on this Duffy
and then that kept me so busy fencing to
keep hunting Lucky's let's see who picks
the perfect song to go with their
montage to EE
you know you never got the meat home oh
okay
hi maybe that's what he said they said
if it was a boy he was going to name it
Alex
but then it was a girl yeah and he said
he names I don't know if it's for you
though it might have been acquitted oh
my god because you and for you yes why
did you do this I did a poll on Clara to
be along to have duck on stage for our
set and like 90 percent said yes well I
say no you're good yeah well we don't
have one stage list what we're seeing in
my science what you knew your thumbs you
can't hold a mic
daddy is behind you're gonna bring duck
and I got him a seat no not you really
do not throw a stuffed animal across a
plane of strangers I'm not going to say
anything but I only go for playing if I
go just didn't get off yeah absolutely
absolutely you know with obvious hurry
we're gonna miss the place of the
Palicki we have a flood your riffle hero
killing us one is through yes one is
approached from one know anything
gladium that is cool handsome that to
see now we go things I thought I bought
a ste do for him thank you
we're doing let me take you dark for did
again yeah
second
check
chicka chicka
ticket top I like the Eevee's I think
it's time to upgrade to the Philippine
Airlines Lipper's Sado little bit
flexibility okay so now I like the art
of this the whole ride
don't make me play around welcome to
Casa oh yes at last we made it we did it
we're here guys let's just go no
surprise it was just it was hell okay
let's no surprise we did it yes they had
no idea I was gonna cry ladies thank you
my boy the King Quan I need all your
needs all our the meteor all the music
different schools in adult time
hahahaha oh-ho this off okay I just
rinks what adorable then how do you like
it I like it
your room has been upgraded to power Jin
your horse uh uh Lauren look what is
that downtown in Manila oh yeah I like
it I like it
whoa oh yes I brought some special bath
bombs
hey don't see it the secret dad bomb the
secret
they're gonna find out later what they
are she has a look at the room yeah you
look the bedroom already my ID my
bedroom yeah we know one desert yeah
this is a nice pool whoa look at the
chairs in the middle all this is cool
whoa are we getting in get your baby
food I don't know let's get in oh oh
it's so pretty
I'm actually included by my paintings go
down I cannot believe we are back in the
Philippines this is crazy
I love it whoo you got some in there no
you sure all right what are they doing
here I thought it's just chicken you
brought more oh the whole what one of
those days of my life gonna be over yeah
I think they've had their time and we
should guess I put them up for adoption
yeah but I think we should give them
away to its audience you already
instantly I know we'll give the original
oh boy I am busy lifestyle
Oh coming whose fuzz nobody we're not
getting him yes we are we need it we're
never gonna get that one a 4 out of 5
was only five yeah you can't just get
for them they need their other brother
assembly leave now please
I can't wait to demo here tomorrow oh
yeah guys I'm dying my hair tomorrow
this is a ridiculous color so it's time
to time to change it up what color your
stomach here tomorrow
black black yeah boring what about
purple nah blue nah would not be too bad
without green and yellow no disagreeing
yo I want to go Barbie barf on your head
hey we have an interview on CNN
Philippines tomorrow and right after
that I'm down my hair mm-hmm
heel heel heel kick dog checkers welcome
to the end the vlog talk
in the Philippines and cut as a Friday
article with our old bodyguards that we
had last you tube fan fest Manila and
we've got the old team back Plus
Lawrence now the main question I keep
getting from you guys is when is the
merge coming out asabi hats I keep
wearing hunk me and the company I'm
working with are trying super hard to
get these ready we got to get these
ready when I get the shirts ready and
they're going to be ready super soon and
when they already I promise you right
now I'm telling you I'm going to give
away a bunch of hats and a bunch of
shirts so we just got to wait for them
to tell me they're ready to go and I'm
going to do the giveaway I'm not even
gonna wait and be like hey guys I'm
doing the giveaway to morrow as soon as
they tell me I'm doing the giveaway make
sure to come back every day this week
because I'm pretty sure I'm gonna be
able to do the giveaway this week and
when I do I know they're going to go
fast but don't worry I'm going to give
away a lot so you have a super high
chance of winning the first-ever
wassabi merged in years I gotta get some
sleep because we have a big interview on
live TV tomorrow got to dye my hair and
practice for youtube fans see you guys
tomorrow for some more adventures
subscribe like this vlog and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
wrong okay bye always an elbow or knee
on my time
as well
