oh I don't know
Oh
is it just me okay
I love them enough talent that I
exported in the morning yes
they were easy in the Lance now is what
they were all worried about you okay
Bobby your life with Alex it's just um
you know it's just something a little
yeah
all right let's do this it's your
birthday yeah what do you agree worth
day ah doing extra hug I know we already
hug the home oh no what is that what
what is it I got open right now yeah
what is it that was one of the best mean
greets I've ever had I don't know if it
was the people or if it was just I don't
know what it was but you guys does an
awesome group of people and I did
something I've never done before I
passed my camera around while I was
taking pictures I said hey guys
you're my wasabi n' I trust you here
take my camera say whatever you want for
future Alex to hear with his ears and I
might put in the vlog here are some of
what they said I just wanted to say that
I always watch the vlog I love baby Dino
and a guppy I think what he does is
great really inspires my son to dance
oh wow I've been watching you and I want
you to marry Laura and get rid of baby
Dino you're going to minute someday
really sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
hi hi thank you for making the blog
valid hi alex' it'll be so much and I
just want to say you inspire me
hi I'm Kirsten I just want to say that
you're like one of my favorite youtubers
and I think you Lauren is definitely
sick shoot a subwoofer hi I'm Abigail
thank you for coming to playlist live I
love you and I love your videos
sup bro hi I just want to know that you
make me smile every day and Rivers's hi
hi Alex I love you so much and this is
so cool I'm so excited to meet you thank
you for all you do
oh my gosh hi we have a cold we know you
don't like plushies which include Lauren
Staffies we wrote a poem together born
across to show you the response
Faramir booboo chilly and blue we know
they don't love them soon but one thing
that we know is that every bit of baby
female my nobody like baby penises hey
Alex
they posted the thankful sir hi I'm Tori
and I wanted to let you know that you're
doing your job right I mean every day I
watch your videos and I just smile
it's great thank you al exactly say hey
hey Alex why would you call maybe
olala Ghulam Ahmad Karolina Dominica
spoken loud to7 diga espero que suba
chendo eres una in conc para todos
suppose mi Alegre Sofia una Buena
man 104 thirty okay I love your band
we think you're amazing and America one
two three what is he ready to go oh my
god I can't believe you're holding your
location I'm so excited I can't believe
is happening we love you so much y'all
know where the caucus slide is glad that
was adorable
well wasn't that guys ready to head back
to LA yeah let's go just landed in LA I
go ahead and hit to go home or tack edit
and be back within eight hours okay
Gabby can we have a ride home please how
much money do I have like five shiny
nickel and a penny
okay okay finally made it back home
there's some other people here you guys
I know that I've been traveling a lot
and so it's Erin we haven't been giving
you the attention that a good friend
deserves with these last five hours we
have before we go to the Philippines for
a week
we're gonna do some some friendship
building exercises whoever wins gets
some French cookies called macarons now
one of my lovely audience gave me today
at the meet up in Florida do you accept
what this is you get at McDonald's with
your with your sausage McMuffin and a
peg no what does it come with a bacon
not fries it's like morning from uh-huh
yeah it's a fish that swims up upstream
and he's the best dish for you to eat
salmon
yes a little all you guys don't move I
stayed it it's mashed potatoes right and
uh like me yeah oh this is uh you're not
gonna get it ah you about to go down uh
yes good
what oh this was the best skateboarder
ever he landed like the hawk yes okay uh
oh
why cookies oh um yes come on oppositely
your husband died before long dango
holding them yes Jerry a tongue sir
not Jim I know ya girl movie with Julia
Roberts
ah oh he's the lead guy in Star Wars dog
Vader no he's a good guy the guys are
Scout yes
Harry Potter the guy that taught Harry
Potter the more know together know that
yeah Dumbledore was the first if you
know Albus yeah okay Chacko factory
Willy Wonka yes little primate that he
that was Gaia just on the yellow series
yes oh uh ballast or native not alert
gosh darnit with scientists chemical a
cartoon called wonderful yes Boy Meets
World
hey Harry play your face like they put
me through ok ok fine you guys won can
we have some yeah okay do you guys feel
closer as friends you feel like our
friendship stronger now
yeah ok ok oh go ahead try and that's
the fruity pebbles on I think whoever
gave you this yeah I wish I said like
fly there
and walk up to their face you think is
hug laughter okay era nerds are in which
one hmm I think this one is is pretty
pebbles oh this is my favorite macho so
Takei's my favorite macaron ever oh my
goodness ha ha ha ha ha ha copy copy
sorry we would have played heads-up with
you but you have no you don't have
thumbs
you can't even pick up the phone I'm so
I'm sorry but we have to go away again
just for MLB just forever and maybe by
then you'll be you'll have fun you never
know
miracles happen if the heads-up creators
are watching this please make it puppy
friendly so that he can play with us
because look how sad his faces look at
that sad face oh oh
wrinkly welcome to the end of vlog talk
I have a tweet that I tweeted and I
pinned it to the top of my Twitter it's
right here if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong if you believe that go
retweet it in like three hours and we
have to go to the airport I still have
to pack and edit this vlog always go to
airport and go the Philippines we're
meeting Lauren there and Kyle there and
Lauren if you're watching this just know
you there's no need to bring any
stuffies unnecessary you don't have to
do it just don't because they're all
gross the site that we're going to take
is 16 hours long no Wi-Fi no signal no
nothing I'm not sure the time difference
but I'm going to try to get this vlog up
if it's a day late sorry about it
but it's not going to be it might be I'm
not sure I'm super tired so I got to go
to sleep but make sure to come back
every single day this week because it's
going to be Filipino adventures in the
Philippines in Manila it's going to be
awesome and I'm not sure what day but
one of these days Lauren and I are going
to perform my side on stage in front of
thousands of people and I'll have
somebody vlog it for me so you guys can
see it as
well that's all I got you guys today see
you tomorrow subscribe and don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it okay bye always an elbow or
knee on
