Oh buddy loves it down nobody likes baby
Dino
what is would it be would do toe get
laid ha
they already left to go to the panel you
see them open up they just turn the
corner there way down there I have to
catch it up to you oh good
almost over there where's my brother oh
he's over there I thought it would be
late there he is
thank you for coming we're gonna talk a
little bit here for a second I'll give
my first medal and I got here okay well
thank you doctor look at you Oh No hey
you Oprah nobody loves parrot down
nobody likes baby Dino no bare bears
gross - I know it's ugly and this is my
brother lazy Ron hi
oh my Oh family okay got it
my dad when I first started YouTube he
was like in the healthcare that's cool
but you gotta focus in one school and
then they kind of took off and he's like
alright you gotta focus on YouTube now I
want it so you just always been
supportive and even now like every once
a while I know he would be my family
watches everything all of my vlog
because he'll text me and be like hey so
I don't know if I would have put that in
a vlog if I were you or that was that
was I know you're joking but kind of
mean you should have said that
oh okay like that okay Ella from one to
ten how much do I hate stuffed animals I
really hate this so that's gonna have to
be a ten because they're all true
they're so confused
knowing what stuffed animal I hate
stuffed animals okay
delivered our dog um I come pretty cool
on what's cool is black I get you can't
write your it's like our kids we can't
read our kid okay the first time we took
her to Disneyland it's probably the best
she is freaking out because there's so
many princesses if she's like that
holiday princess
when she first found us oh yeah was our
favorite moment with our knees okay look
at some more about our brothers
no more subject sharing my life with you
guys I vlog the place while their faces
and it seems to be working I created my
challenges as a creative no less which
I'm sure is what most youtubers do just
there is something that I like holding
is be filled and YouTube with metal
filler hi guys
hi yeah okay you guys all take pictures
my blog will be so late okay when I take
pictures real quick real quick when my
vlog is late is not my fault is there
Paul you asked the last question what
was your question it was the best
question not having attack I think
that's such a good question and yes I
think about it all the time
hey Kyle I called to get junior and
Tarleton's Ryu at the end yeah and they
don't they that they can't what they
don't work at that company anymore they
work with another security company
alright
oh I know that's okay do you remember
the handshake the bodyguard handshake
yeah don't remember oh yeah that's it I
think if you know now okay go go and
then I didn't hear your hot chocolate
caramel lasagna
who's gonna order it play or not are you
putting your belly
what is its actual lasagna and then they
just put chocolate caramel are you still
going to eat it you gonna do it no are
you gonna die are we farther you got
like hide it in your beard for later
what is this this is not Lavanya
chocolate caramel
okay is it isn't Orlov onion at all on
the phone with Lauren then I hear
fireworks and on my balcony you can kind
of just get up on the roof I couldn't
see the fireworks but then if you go
around the corner you can see
Disneyworld fireworks
Oh see see see whoa it's right there
what I've never believed this Disney
really Playland fireworks watch
Woolworths applause here's to get
another call we come up but if you just
want to sleep Wow Wow
you know same time so you can watch it
okay I got my eye on you chill kill kill
kill kill you look so beautiful in the
fire of light tomorrow we leave playlist
one day early because we are going to
the Philippines fan fest we had to get
back to LA so they can go to the
Philippines at the next day but before
we go to the party I'm going to take a
shower and let's see if I need it more
this green out because I'm kind of
looking like the Joker well that super
didn't work this time last year at
playlist live I hit five million
subscribers now our 8.3 almost that is
insane 3.3 million subscribers in one
year you guys are great you wasabi ins
off to the party
welcome to the end of log talk I love
how much you guys know about my life I
didn't realize how much you guys cared
until that panel where every question
was about my family my pet my life my
girlfriend my life my dislike you guys
know everything
I just love you guys so much as every
single day you remind me why I decided
to share my life with such amazing
people such amazing with audience after
I edit and upload this I have to go to
my meeting then straight to the airport
to get on the plane to go back to LA and
then ten hours after that I have to get
back on the plane to go to the
Philippines so I probably won't have
that much vlog footage so I will
probably if I don't have a lot of work
where they talk to you guys about what
I've been meaning to talk to you about
that has been on my mind and has been
hovering over my life recently so see
you guys tomorrow come back like this
laws subscribe I can't wait to take you
guys on adventures galore in the
Philippines we're going I'm going you're
going Laurens going Lily's going Erin's
going everybody's going to give me so
much fun and I can't wait to share it
all with you guys that's all I got for
today
I gotta go meet about you right now so
see you tomorrow and until then don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
okay bye always an elbow or knee on my
time
as well you don't have to
