hey I gotta go to panel hello what it is
what it'd be wouldn't dope though I've
probably been to like six playlist now
playlist in these things they don't pay
you to come they pay for your flight and
you're like hotel but they don't usually
pay you so you see a youtuber at
playlist they're just there for fun
they're not making money they're not
they're just they just want to meet you
guys and that's why I love going to
these things so you guys in a bit
hi hi what do you say my name oh my gosh
you're a big boy that's me too hey you
want to get on a car complaining go
cross-country yeah let's go about to
pull up to the hotel and I carry what
that's me do okay now I'm not going to
say any names but somebody fell asleep I
woke up in no videos here so let's see
if I can find my friend
bring to the party for about like five
seconds I'm not a party guy
I just want to nail people I know he'll
friend small talk doesn't come easily to
me all right
and then you find your friends and they
want to go back to the party Mangala
morning back to the party we go
why
that's a nice lime you got there these
are active wines are actually gave you
watermelon and now you know
here's the deal we ordered late-night
pizza they will not let the piece of
delivery guy upstairs without a badge so
we have to go on a secret mission to
obtain the pizza to the front lobby I
get pizza at 2:00 in the morning let's
see if anybody's out here pretty much
empty guys
line 30 minutes ha ha I'd read yeah but
in Australian time now 5 minutes what it
is like Oh guys I know this is a
controversial topic but pineapple on
pizza is very acceptable do you agree I
have a lot of friends that are like what
you're weird let me and my pineapple
pepperoni pizza alone not going to say
any names but somebody woke up late for
their panel so we're going to be late
but I gotta go to panel hello
I'll be back I like these better the
panel becomes more intimate
how does work is there 5 different
tables 5 different youtubers we sit at
each table and we pass along the little
tiny bit of knowledge that I have gained
over the last couple years or 11 years
I'm going to answer all our questions
and then move to that table and that
table and let people in that people
which tailor you going to that one okay
have fun
hi
I the last table am i right here are you
crying why are you crying no crying this
is a non crying table I'm Alex the last
thing I could say what's the last piece
of advice is only does one more thing I
want to say but I can't read with all
this pressure yourself I just got done
with my first panel which wasn't a panel
as a workshop meaning small youtubers
came and they asked questions and I got
to answer it and I got to give them my
wisdom I've built over the few years the
biggest thing I can say is that nobody
the biggest thing I can say if you guys
were at the workshop or even if you're
trying to become a youtuber and you're
worried that you don't know what you're
doing or you don't know how to do how to
be a youtuber I'm here to tell you right
now nobody knows what they're doing
I've been doing it for 11 years and I
still don't know what I'm doing I like I
just go day by day and I'm up cool silly
youtuber so don't let that bother you if
you don't think you can do it because
you can nobody knows what they're doing
do you know what you're doing sir see he
doesn't know what he's doing and I he's
driving he has my life in his hands
hey guys so that is my biggest piece of
advice that I wanted to tell the LAT
table but I forgot because I was so
excited to be there but now you know
we're doing good advice there you go all
right well thank you panel number two is
I guess it's on the it's on the main
stage didn't know that and then one more
panel after this one with Erin brother
panel but I guess I think I'm going to
save that for the beginning of
tomorrow's vlog so I got to edit this
and get it up by three
oh this for me
okay I said if you guys want to credit
Jessica you got a headache whatever new
people caught it and oh how did you know
that monsters are the hard
good job man elbow that is Purcell but
also thank you bye Thomas
that was fun yeah that was super fun I
love sharing the stage with you these
last couple days were super busy but I
want to elaborate on what I said earlier
don't be scared of whatever you want to
do when I was younger I remember I
wanted to be on the basketball team I
wanted to do all these things but I
wasn't good enough and you're not going
to be good enough efforts and once
you're like just naturally gifted but
99.9% of the time you're going to have
to work for it I wasn't a huge youtuber
when I first started nobody was nobody
knows what they're doing at first I
promise don't let that discourage you
don't worry about what other people
think whatever you're doing just keep
doing it Vegas is didn't stay with it
stay motivated stay determined to
another key thing do not compare
yourself to other people because
comparison is the thief of happiness if
I want to be a basketball player and I
compared myself to Michael Jordan I
would never be good enough because he's
the best so just do the best you can do
and keep striving to improve I know that
some people that are listening to this
that are like okay but I'm pretty sure
there's a lot more that are going to
relate to this and be happy to know that
nobody knows what they're doing before
my last panel I got to do the end of log
talk let's start this thing off with the
giveaway winners the iPhone 7 plus red
giveaway winners are hold on I wrote it
down it might be you you never know let
me see it is Nancy sue Yost from New
York that's one of the winners
congratulations confetti everywhere and
Eli Johnson from Vancouver
congratulations you guys win with you
wahoo that's all I got for you guys
today
actually last thing I know I said I was
going to talk about something that has
been hovering over me for like a couple
weeks now and I will talk about it
been so busy I haven't be able to talk
about it I want to sit down and actually
tell you guys how I'm feeling about this
topic that I've been ignoring and hoping
it goes away but it's not so I'm going
to talk to you about it very soon but
right now I gotta edit this upload it
for your eyeballs to view and then I've
got to go to a panel with Aaron it's
just first panel see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to remember subscribe
latest laws and if you're not smiling
you're doing well okay bye
ah
ah
