Maron had a discussion yeah we did we we
don't think we can move in with you
anymore what it is would it be would it
do Joe
I hate walking up hills and
uncomfortable looking at houses
once again finally have a day off so we
on house number two because we couldn't
get into health number one let me show
you
guys this place is pretty cool but it's
super far up a hill this house is so
nice we have spiral staircase they got a
sauna right here
oh wait that's all the guests off oh
look at this app this is a look at this
pool I keep forgetting to vlog and I get
so excited but I'll show you the master
bedroom first
the reason it's super messy as they said
there's a bunch of guys who lived here
before and it was a party house so they
didn't take care of it
and this is the closet to the master
room wow look at what this is a room by
itself we gonna have another roommate
master bathroom I like it I like it and
oh yeah the balcony
hey Hollywood top oh the Beaufort is
gonna be dope it's gonna be dope whoa oh
my god
MaineHealth guesthouse pool backyard
privacy sauna oh this is this is it this
has to be it let's check downstairs
oh that a look foolish wooden head knock
then living rooms kitchen other living
room I like it
I like so they said all the landscaping
in the pool they have maintenance guys
that come with the house and they take
care of all that so they don't have to
worry about that I'm thinking I really
like this house
what do you guys think oh and also we
have a movie screen can we put that down
okay that's nice what we got people
watching a movie we can put a TV air
thank you for watching a game across we
got the view we got the room we got the
pool get funny we got the hot tub got a
fireplace we got a yard for the dogs
welcome to house number three
this would be a really good filming spot
there might be current residents in here
so if there is we can't show the house
because you could be able to see all
their stuff but we can't show you the
outside and this is just the front porch
okay
whoa looks like medieval evil okay I've
got side whoa this is like a resort down
there let's go there all the kitchen
knives
ha so upstairs how do we get downstairs
oh this is a little bedroom oh it's a
first one of the bedrooms yeah yeah oh
another little living room slash bedroom
Oh another bedroom this is too much I
think we're not going to ever use this
and nobody's ever gonna be outside I
know
so he's bigger pretty cool that's cool
aha decisions decisions we can't decide
Alex that pointy this would be the
master bedroom this is cool
oh and what okay I'm confused
I thought nothing was going to be that
other on and now there's this one Oh Big
Joe Lana lights turn on when you walk in
no yeah ah come on
and this is this is planted they had
butterflies at the other house they got
wasabi here that's my last name
these guys are professionals may Erin
had a discussion yeah we did
so if you didn't come with houses with
us today we we don't think we can move
in with you anymore
what why go away no wait wait wait
all you did to give us a one dollar and
rent in advance so that we could trust
you again
yeah oh thank you okay you're back in my
friend
nice big oh no I might have accidentally
fallen asleep a little bit kind of maybe
sort off because it oh no less than two
hours
hey do I have to go to the airport oh
and I said I'd do a giveaway
let me see what I can do I'll be right
back got me say day I got going for real
if you stay here you're away I'm in a
rush oh yeah
oh the two of your finest red iPhones we
give away time is the middle of the
night and I have about an hour and a
half to pack edit and go to the airport
but before I do who wants a free red
eyes on if you remember I've given away
to red iPhones before that veil was the
one where I had the most people enter
except for the bear bear ones but I'm
not giving those away again gross so
here are two red iPhones to show you
guys that I am thankful for everything
you do and that's really the only reason
I'm giving these away I got two more to
give away to you guys all you stood
enter make sure you're subscribed liked
this vlog turn the notifications on and
then comment anything you want down
below anything else and you're in it to
win I'm randomly picking sometime within
the first 24 hours and I'll announce it
in tomorrow's talk
accused of yawning going to the airport
at one hour so playlist Orlando going to
be a Friday Saturday come back to LA
Sunday then Monday flying straight to
the Philippines on a 16-hour flight
spending five days in the Philippines
for YouTube FanFest
performing on stage then coming straight
back to LA to get in this bed and sleep
for 48 hours but until then it's time to
put in work and I mean so many of you
are between playlist and fan fest I'm
planning on at least taking a thousand
pictures with you guys at least 1,000
pictures with you guys it's my goal to
the next week hopefully I'll see you in
one of these that's all I got for you
guys today don't forget subscribe like
this vlog and don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
okay bye always an elbow or knee on my
time
as well as well
