last day first things first
as always hair makeup
this is the girl that keeps us all in
line she tells us where we need to go
what time what we need she's like the
onset person that's like you need to be
here you do that you need to go here me
her make us ready for you without her my
whole life
what the fuck may God hi I am dressed
that means I am done filming with a
movie the movie still being filmed but
all my scenes are done and oh yeah this
happened it's not real guys it's just
makeup it's for the scene you're gonna
have to watch series when it comes out
to understand what happened to my face
but I told the makeup crew not to take
it off I'm going to keep it on so I can
prank Aaron and foods me when I get back
home I wonder if the uber drivers are
gonna let me in the car like this what I
just saw this I have no idea what it is
but it's about to be opened now X quick
so excited this worked out your schedule
and couldn't be happier enjoying Manila
and we're looking forward to working
together on the feature okay I'll fill a
shirt a shirt oh oh I can't show you
what's on the shirt name of the UH show
but don't this is dope what up wrong
side but it's cool hopefully shrink in
the wash
now let's go freak out my friends I can
hear them in there
let's see if this works I gotta hide the
camera behind the wall I'm bleeding and
obviously bleeding
you don't care look at me I got place in
the nose yeah it's probably broken I'm
probably gonna peel Hospital dog you
guys come on our friend man fail
guffy believe me guppy believes me
oh look how clean you are because I give
you that bath yesterday I give you a
bath
but it didn't get a lot of views so uh I
give them baths it was a funny video
funny blogs all areas think of that many
views guppy you're not a puppy anymore
nobody wants to look at you haha sorry
you're just fat now little is fat look
at your fat rolls buddy look at that fat
roll time to take a shower you're rid of
this and this hair since I'm wrapped on
set
I don't need it like this anymore and
it's going to take a few showers you get
rid of it but let's see how much can get
out in one shower okay bye
and done you're gonna get it all out but
it did get a lot out this was all
completely green but look at it now I
was going to go dye my hair then go to
the Philippines but it looks like my guy
that dyes my hair is out of town for a
while
so Philippines get ready for some blonde
and green hair I just had a package come
in and it's the wasabi Hat it's those
bobby hat that I designed and had made
and I have a bunch of different colors
but I don't know if I should show you
guys the design yet cuz I want you to be
excited when it actually is available
but right now that you sent me a bunch
of colors I have to pick three and then
I'm going to have a bunch of them made
so that you guys can get them and
they'll be available but
everybody all over the world but I need
your help
right now the designs on the hats are
all blurred out and you can't see them
and I'm sorry because I want you guys to
be surprised so pick your favorite ones
comment down you know what I'm too
excited I can't hide it
montage time take those blurs off
there you have it boys and girls
pick your favorite one comment down
below which ones you guys want so I can
make it available in the store and I'm a
rock one right now
probably for the rest of my life nice so
now that it's not me have to be in made
that wasabi shirts are being made and I
told you there were some to give away
today
okay as you guys know I am going to
playlist live Orlando this weekend and
then starting Monday I will be flying to
the Philippines for YouTube FanFest when
you when YouTube FanFest sold their
tickets to go they sold out in like I
think was like five seconds but
thousands of thousands of tickets sold
out in five seconds
so if you are there in those five
seconds you're not one of YouTube
FanFest
but don't worry because I got tickets I
have a bunch of meet and greet tickets
so you guys can get into my meet and
greet meet up with me we can hug we can
take pictures we can high-five we can do
all kinds of things all you have to do
is
click on the global document in the
description below go do it right now
because it's going to be given out
randomly and you guys could win it's
actually given out by tubes so if you
win you get to bring a friend but you
kind of need to live in Manila
Philippines because you're not going to
want to spend thousands of dollars to
fly there so if you live there go sign
up do it now you can win I want to meet
your face right now I got another
problem that giveaways was just for the
people in the Philippines that's cool
and everything but what about everybody
else in the world
good thing I'm doing another giveaway
tomorrow don't miss the next vlog
because this one can go anywhere in the
world you can win you could win you
could win you could win I could win no I
can't because I'm giving it to you now I
have to go edit because I've been busy
all week on set and now it's time to go
look at another house than me Erin
foodie chichi bun buns Guppies dollar
and Muslim might move into and I think
this is the one I really do in my heart
of hearts this is the one this house I
wanted ever since the beginning when we
first started searching for houses we
have like a list of 10 houses and this
was number one we contacted a realtor
and we said hey we want to go see these
houses and this is the number one house
we want to see and they said oh sorry
that one just got got rented yesterday
we were so close it was the one I know
it so we looked at a bunch of other
houses we were gonna settle we're like
okay I was on set so Erin and Fuji want
to go look at another house and they're
like I guess this is the one but then a
miracle happened they called us and said
they pulled out of renting the house
that we wanted so we're going to go look
at it right now
I edit
upload go but before all that let me eat
you with the end of block talks welcome
to the end of vlog
talk I know a lot of things are
happening now guys we got the hats
emerge time on set there's a bunch of
stuff upstairs secrets I'm going to
Florida I'm going to Philippines
everything's happening but I just want
to stop for a second slow down and say
thank you for keeping up with my hectic
and chaotic life and being here every
day that's why I'm doing tomorrow's
giveaway it's an appreciation giveaway
because you guys might not think you're
doing a lot like you just go to my
channel clicking on my video watching no
you guys are the whole reason I'm able
to have a crazy busy life and be so
lucky to do what I do every day okay no
more sappiness you guys are going to
make me cry
that's all I got for you guys today come
back tomorrow check out my new house I
know what's the one subscribe like this
vlog and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay why always an elbow or knee on my
side
as well you don't have to
