he has time - income what it is would it
be what a Duke dog remember that thing I
was filming before I went on the cruise
that I'm not allowed to tell you guys
but I'm allowed to tell you very soon
well I'm back doing it again and guess
what else is back the hair whoo how does
it look have a bald spot no good what I
also have this hoodie on because I can't
show you guys oh don't look at that look
at that you didn't see that nobody saw
that but check out this trailer it's
still got my own little couch through
all my stuff over there because I was a
little late so I had to change real
quick I got a sound system I got cable I
got down microwave on that clickety
clickety click clothes I got that fridge
all day I've got the TV
I got remotes I got this okay it's not a
very good view put that back my little
mirror with the with the light action
ooh on that brightness I check out this
bathroom whoo-hoo that's ready pretty
ready now I'm going to go back on set
I'll see you guys in a little bit I had
to come back to the room to change
clothes for a different day in the
script and I thought I would take this
time to tell you guys that it has
officially been 14 hours on set it is my
time outside all this light you see is
just set like I'm free I'm quiet is
great
disgusting what whoo let's go see what's
up he's up to
I'm back got home late yesterday decided
to take a little nap
and I was going to get up early so I
could blog something before coming back
to set but it didn't work out the
Westland I headed up sleeping um
throughout everything woke up and I was
almost late but the good thing is I
don't think today is going to be a long
date so I'll definitely have time to
vlog a little some something when I get
home
here we go first things first I got to
get my hair and makeup done
finally done what I thought was going to
be a seven-hour shoots ended up being
another 13 hour shoot so I'm going home
super late and then getting up super
early to go back on set once again to
make scope awesome stuff for you guys
take a pee pick up these high I know I
don't see you so long I want to get in
there wait no no wait get in come on
come on come on that's staying here with
me and I'm sorry I've been so busy I've
been so busy I know I know you got fat
hey hey hey hey whoa oh you want to show
me your monkey okay
whoa I missed you you saw that oh you
smell bad I'm just uh I'm not gonna
sugarcoat it
you smell like doodoo I think it's time
I give guppy a bath for the first time I
know this isn't your first bath but it's
the first time I given you a bat
so cooperate
I don't even know if you like that
yeah that's for you you like that right
okay good water-filled bathing suit on
gotta get to do it your bathing suit fit
what are you doing stop it sit
hey what are you doing whoa do you not
like that okay bathing suit on are you
getting in first you're me okay that's
me are you gonna stay here so I can
reach you if I get in verse are you okay
good Oh me look nice and warm
wait you're gonna make a telephone don't
pull it do not all of you come here what
come on I'm not
oh right I can't get my hair wet because
I still needs to stay this color until
tomorrow and I get it wet it's gonna
fade now I'm going to put something on
but I had it way before a duck came into
my life so this means nothing repeat
we're going to cool it okay hey okay
look you're not you're not hitting yet
plane you're not in yet here we go here
we go we go here we go
ok ok look see you like it you like it
you like it
come on Lu we're taking back the cameras
back together you like it really didn't
you're you're on here and I gotta get in
here we go hands you're in you're in you
like it look what's gonna happen okay
don't freak out Mickey we all you do it
again
Oh bad time tough you now like skin
clean could you smell like poop what
above it change that right
now we're doing this but taking up the
house together together you're doing
such a good job I thought it's gonna be
so much harder but then it is why didn't
just get warm
somebody teeth it was me but somebody
else keep - do you have any luggage shop
or something don't drink the water
we eat in there you can just look silly
when you're wet
maybe I shall appearances ah what would
you know water good dirty doggy meat
clean doggy
wait no no it's nothing
no it's gothic let's just remain long
remain calm how you look across maybe I
forgot my phone do you have your phone
on you
we got a sectarian I don't know what to
do I'm sorry I've mailed you can you
spin go hey I don't know what to do I
got him what what do I do after I get
him wet where did you talk me because I
wanted to make you proud come in gummy
gummy savvy hey ah what'd I do
you're not supposed to take a bath like
this ha he'll never saw I had to get in
so he could get in
what do you mean intrascope I I don't
have so much I'm used integrated the
puppy found a puppy so love it my girls
love me - coming to help me
I want you to you can take over you can
take over honey today you know Toby I do
this no you wait for like a second I
ever get serious okay meet up you my
2010 will stay right here
he bad time Daleks Akash welcome to the
end of vlog talk giving a puppy a bath
is harder than I thought whoo it has
been a busy few days tomorrow is my last
day on set and I'm done for now and
tomorrow's vlog we need to have a talk
there's something that's been going on
in my life and I've been trying to
ignore it hoping it would go away but
obviously it is not it is here it is
happening and I need to accept it I'm
not hiding from it anymore and I'll tell
you guys about it in tomorrow's also in
tomorrow's vlog I'm doing a giveaway I
know on Twitter if you follow me there
right there I told you I'm going to do a
giveaway today but then I thought oh
that's not fair to the people that don't
have Twitter or that don't follow me on
Twitter so I'm telling you about it now
and I'm doing it tomorrow so tomorrow's
video there's going to be an
appreciation giveaway I feel like I
haven't done a giveaway in a long time
plus I feel like I've been neglecting
the vlog because I've been working on
this big project which you guys will be
excited about and you will understand
why I've given so much attention and
focus to it because it's the biggest um
like acting role I've ever had and I
know most you guys understand but some
of you don't and it's okay I understand
if you don't understand but it takes a
lot of work and focus and it's going to
be worth it trust me last thing I'm
going to say before I go merch what's
not being merged shirts are being worked
on but another package of stuff is
coming tomorrow and it's the wasabi hats
and I need your guys's help because they
sent me a bunch of colored hats but I
have to pick only a few of them so I
want you guys to let me know in the
comment Amaro what color hats you guys
want and I'll make it happen that's all
I got you guys today see you tomorrow
and don't forget to remember to
subscribe
I like this vlog but most importantly if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye always an elbow or knee
well as well
