here you better hear that here little
sample dough Hey look what it is would
it be what it do Joe Oh son wait for
second me we have a lot of stuff to do
today so let's get started there is
thank you sir yeah I just got a new one
huh that's right
I named him Percy he's like a Percy
pepper Isaac oh man I did not know that
you want a bunch of back flips on the
trampoline will make your abs hurt oh my
god my stomach is so sore whoo if you
know what I'm talking about that means
you didn't watch yesterday's vlog shame
on you well Percy we have run into a bit
of a I had to get a new Nintendo switch
because I left my Nintendo switch at my
parents house in North Carolina and I
ain't got no spice to play Mario Kart so
I successfully linked my Nintendo
account to this new gamepad but I have
to deactivate the one in North Carolina
so I'm gonna have to call on my little
friend header oh yeah you got a
girlfriend
no oh yeah
go get my clinch this admission brother
brother hey
go clean your face say hi to princess
gorgeous hello hello hello I do it this
for you hello hello hello I'm done look
for where it says recent or something
okay horn let me tell the sunscreen okay
back it up a little bit so difficult
oh my gosh okay alright one utility
later oh my god that's forever but we
got it it's done it's downloading and
now the tournament shall begin I don't
have time to walk your dogs right now
okay
I have Mario Kart tournament to prepare
for I have to warm up and stretch I got
things to do yeah big push-ups yeah
okay now can I go defeat everybody's
faces in Mario Kart except for mine are
you gonna win yeah if you beat me then
Oh Valentine's Day song we have to we
told that we would make it we're gonna
we're trying we're trying I'm scheduling
studio time as we speak okay maybe not
as we speak cuz it was earlier today but
right now the wheels are in motion and
my next motion is to shave this mustache
I hate going up all of us Lizzy I know
hurts my heart fell for this yes are we
there yet
here switch oh I don't know I yeah I
don't know put a better outfit on
I like my outfit wait wait what we're
all the way back why it's just a video
asleep twelve seconds later oh my gosh
wait to go all the way back all the way
over there kill you can we that way no
no wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
that's too much work I have another idea
how about we just fast forward and walk
normal
now hello your face is about to be
defeated I've got my guard up I'm
watching you okay you might be losing in
Mario Kart but who's winning and hosting
I see I brought you some of this oh
thank you you have made for me to have a
sweet victory we had a little pregame of
the game game della Mario Kart and I
didn't win she won I came in second okay
guys I've never played at this man they
did real people before but I'm not
having something second place I'll let
you guys know
that'll come a discipline but this isn't
the real one either hey can I ask you
guys a serious question do you happen to
know who won that last game under that
number one there's a soggy next to it Y
1 1 u 1 1 and that seemed easier ok
like alex is here cuz I biggest one I
said yeah real recognize real
I think the person I was most nervous
about playing so I thought was gonna be
like super extra good was oh man your
reputation precedes you
oh my gosh wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait what is it how much
do what is that say right there
that $10,000 is that to the winner
why did you tell us about this I want to
practice oh my gosh so whoever wins gets
the money oh yes oh but that's okay
buddy about the story it's a bad news
though because this is a video that
smoothies posting so why does a ninja
so smooth he's gonna make a video about
who won and it's coming out Sunday on
his channel but just know it's probably
me I'm not I can't tell you I can't fail
you you can go watch his video but I'd
like you to know it's probably me for
sure Mario Kart complete and that was
that was fun times for everybody yeah
mm-hm
but now I have some bad news the lauric
song it was about 90% sure that we could
get it up before Valentine's Day but the
studio time we booked got pushback so we
might miss Valentine's Day unless you
guys know if anybody that could help us
make a song on that soon soon that lives
in LA hit me up tweet me maybe we could
do a little something-something but my
guy right now we have to wait a little
bit and I feel bad because the song has
not been recorded yet it's just in my
head it lives in my head I don't want to
share with you guys but I can't cuz I
don't got a spooly all right right but I
guess we could give them the first verse
okay I'll say la la la for some of it so
they don't know exactly it for the end
of it okay ready let me play it for him
okay here you better hear that here's a
little sample doll oh thank you hey
Lauren I don't know if you know but I
think wah wah wah wah wah wah that's it
that's only good
we do it one more time
hey Lauren I don't know if you know but
I think that is your guys's little sneak
peak I you guys I'm telling you you're
gonna hear this song it's been stuck in
my head for months as soon as you hear
it it's gotta be stuck in your head it's
a catch a song that's ever been created
ever Valentine's Day coming at you
hopeful there you have it the very first
exclusive sneak peek of the Lorex
couples valentine song that's coming out
on the song song but I gotta let you
know something real quick I don't know
if you're aware but I see I see you
supporting the crackers out of the
wasabi family I'm meeting more of you
rockin the wasabi merch in public every
single day I see you every single time
you vote on the daily for Lorax in the
Shorty Awards and I see you come back
every single day for some of that new
new everything that wasabi has or
everything that happens to us facade
Ian's it's because of you guys the
wasabi UNS make me feel like we can
accomplish anything so I just want to
say thank you and all your hard work is
not going unnoticed see you guys
tomorrow as always until then do me a
favor and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
