what it is what it be what did you go
hair looking on that craziness there was
fun we were going to go to the Florida
Aquarium by somebody was dragging their
feet and we ran out of time there's duck
so now we got a head straight to the
airport to go back home with the
quickness
let's make move we done and then what
what okay though I don't want to say
here sit over here
over here oh no no that's over here over
here maybe we should sit everybody gauge
sniffing oh look over my gate let's just
keep on look over here I want to have
like our own election come on let's go
come on come on
the following are you hurry you can go
the bathroom let's just go over here I
know I know I know
hold on we're close it's almost we're
almost there three years of testing very
aware step down call this number right
over here come on come on hurry pray
we'll go faster look at oh my gosh she's
still following me please
come on hurry up
I'll carry your your cup so you can move
faster okay okay okay let's go for our
stuff back over there then let's go back
over there I'm not trying to sell you
from pooping what if she does I know
it's real good I have to fulfill one C
or a hoop time sink on the cruise it's
going what are you doing what is this
this stuffy sir wait wait wait wait wait
wait we can look but no bye you promise
you promise you promise lock it lock it
okay go enjoy who's it
I won just one because if you get thrown
get them thrown you're heavy I've almost
so hard why would you get them thrown I
wonder how deep Wow
okay come on we're in miss our flight Oh
what's this what look but no bye
what pinky promise hey hey hey right
lock it
plug it so the people captured you're
allowed to buy online but what no oh no
I made a promise I gotta keep it but
kind I'll kiss you after you eat it I'll
go taste it yeah um - eh what's here you
see what to see not to be together
oh we got we gotta break up we have to
fight whatever
when I say thanks bitch alert hey girl
we go
oh nevermind we get you together yeah
thank god you're here huh good I didn't
want to wake up
which one
you finish watching 13 years of
I'll see you nine days
finally made it home and I had a package
waiting for me what hot let me lay it
out for you guys
introducing the first Wasabi's merch in
like probably four years kind of these
are the blank canvases that the wasabi
merch is going to go on so just imagine
some wasabi something there if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong there
a little some some over there something
on the shirt pocket because it coming
he's coming I haven't completely decided
on the design I'm going to put on the
shirt yet but these aren't even all of
them this is just a little taste
here's one of the boxes with a bunch of
different color shirts and a bunch of
different types of shirts this isn't
even close to all of it oh yeah oh it's
like a rainbow in a box so advocacy the
merch train is about the khulafa station
I'm about to given to you guys I can't
wait I just I can't wait for you guys to
buy them and then take pictures on them
and then send them to me so I can
retweet them and repost them it's it's
exciting times in the wasabi Kingdom
welcome to the end the vlog talk I know
this wasn't the longest of vlogs but
I've been on the plane all day but I'm
super excited about the merch and wait
till you guys see that hoping I've had
just as much fun as we did on the cruise
vlogs now I won't see Lauren for nine
days because she's in New York
I'm filming some top-secret stuff here
then I have to go to playlist as soon as
she gets back but don't worry because we
meet back up on a day we go to the
Philippines I feel like I haven't given
you guys anything in a long time so I
don't know what I'm going to give you
tomorrow but I'm definitely going to
give you something I'm probably not
think back to all the past things I've
given you and figure out which one you
guys like best and then give it away
again what could it be what could it be
quick recap spending the next four to
five days in LA then me and Aaron going
to Florida Orlando playlist to meet a
bunch you guys then coming back to LA to
meet up with Lawrence so we can all go
to the Philippines for YouTube and I
wonder if we can get the same bodyguards
we had last time mixes are our muscles
they are if anybody tries to harass us
you're going to take them out I will
okay are you going to karate chop no
head but here's that okay because people
don't use headbutt enough so this is our
other bodyguard and what's your name
again Charles he said he's going to
headbutt people if you need to what are
you gonna do you're gonna get some more
tight so this okay night we're here to
get massages they said how many and I
counted I counted one two three four
five we're need you in there what the
missus decide to attack us okay I would
you did good how's your neck feeling you
feel stronger yeah I fell asleep and
Erin and Kyle said I was like flailing
and doing this and I woke up and I was
like what are you dreaming about
I'm tree about a handshake for for us
five so this is what it is all right
Alex let's go
hey yeah let's go
that's all I got you guys today
subscribe like this blog see you
tomorrow and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you doing it
what okay bye
Oh
