don't get a take off and fly back to the
United States I was doing a film on
fucking what it is would it be what it
dodo today I will redeem myself I have
lost in two separate contests and I was
placed in second for God but today that
all changes because I will be the
champion of the final contest the
belly-flop challenge going on right now
let's go after I explain about duck
right being a chicken duck we can't keep
going over this he is a Chan I knew the
chicken duck Morpheus
if he was a duck he would waddle like
this but no he's a chicken and he's like
this ducks fly he can't even fly yellow
today he's gonna undergo flying
surgeries what are you running back huh
some me face
so duck swings down that's why I can't
buy that well you can't fly if I can't
because you a chicken it's cutting the
duck and someone is me and so does wings
down
so what's it look like when he tries to
fly right now oh he can't flap them whoa
that was easy
Wow don't gonna take off and fly back to
the United States of doing this fell off
fucking it's like Nemo now that's a
special looking
Wow for the question we might be able to
fly definitely like to take off fly not
my laptop
oh he landed standing up yeah see you
can fly he's like a water bottle flip Oh
whoo Oh our best chicken flew forever
Senor chicken boy y'all oh yeah that
counts is does sitting up watch again
whoo buddy
nope
wow you really can't do it you're a
chicken then land sitting up okay come
on I have a contest to win here we go
it's my time to shine the belly-flop
contest is about to begin
they're coming down getting everywhere
as well number one the belly-flop
contest was canceled because somebody
wanted somebody pooped in the pool who
pooped in the pool you pooped in the
pool okay we cool well they're doing
another competition I'm going to win
that competition to clap they're doing
the ring-toss contest so Lord decided to
join in with me no paintball but I still
have different
oh hey wasabi what's up ladies Dylan
have a Halloween copyright arrived if
you get first place
okay we're going in thank you don't
wanna work yeah it's Bobby yeah go mrs.
honey
oh sure oh yeah
don't show the Rigo
what happened
you lost in the under-pressure you crack
Academy and make another pressure loss
practice for the flashmob invest again
now wait for me trial wait no not a way
for you oh oh here we go are you doing
oh you got it you did it all you held
onto the wall I saw it are you nervous
yeah why don't be nervous
yeah it's just the rock wall upset as
Laura and I agreed I promised that if
she went on the rock wall I would bring
chicken rent because she is scared so I
don't know how I'm going to bring them
up there with me but it's going to
happen you can just live on the hardest
one we got it come on that's hot I have
been offer ever go there now connect got
a cry
come on spider-man guards catching up
whoa whoa whoa you're flying it's okay
they said I was allowed to bring them up
sorry sorry Angie let me put them in
between my butt cheeks oh that's gross
there's just no way to do it we're
practicing for the platform after dinner
look at all these people all these
people think they're waiting for a game
show they don't realize what's about to
go down honestly I'm getting a little
nervous
but it's more like excited nervous I
just hope I remember the movement here
we go
five
final show of the trip ever and it is
the perfect match show we're gonna try
to get up there I don't know if I could
cause but we'll see I'll try to vlog
that Shoeless obvious I got you
hi go run run run yes we're in couple
number one today have Laura and I Laura
diamond
LJ Wow okay and a house together to the
ladies maybe these questions you're
asking about ourselves the painters but
we want you to intern about personalty
corner all right questions we need to
turn that around around pointer favorite
huh yes thank you maybe wanna buy one
save an animal ah I am good with any
kind of dog like Mary's uncle way
the couple anyway is present and a
couple days given in Kabul normally you
guys know who won know who tell us oh
well I couldn't hear you over my metal
my birthplace metal
bless yours we were the perfect couple
I'm gonna care that I walked through the
hoop to this one well or that I lost the
ring toss flush belly flop or sexy man
comedy or that XD man it was the other
one
Wow I love three and I love three things
and Melissa ping pong yeah it's a cake
of my wiener champion my friend keep
fighting to be a tiger champion read it
all back nobody asked you
welcome to the end of vlog talk goodbye
I cruise ship it was fun you're gonna
stay longer
no we haven't fun but words are - the
slow Wi-Fi we're tired of the rocking
back and forth of the boat we've been
here for a week we ready to get dry land
walking off the boat right now
but before we head to the airport to go
back to LA we have one more tiny
surprise adventure so see you guys
tomorrow
and until then don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling he's doing it
wrong
okay bye as well
