whoa they got the skin in it it's no no
I don't like the skin again that scales
what it is would it be what it go
hello hello first adventure of the crew
kayaking
we're kayaking through the wilds
Honduran water we better not flit
because the wasabi uns can't swim in the
camber infant boom right roll we know we
can't fly
could use a chicken yeah it's my relaxed
time hey hey hey come on chicken is good
chicken nugget go check on that
I see me soup oh my god you have so many
mushas you must work out all the time
come on now
OOP oh my you are one pretty island that
road right there is the only road and on
the whole island this does remind me of
Bora Bora wait a minute there's a rock
wall how can we ever climbed it yet
we need to race all I'm really got a
rock climbing anything on the rock wall
with me hey rock climbing but but I'll
do it if you think oh wow how is it
thank you
oh boy hate duck can I call him chicken
now can I dome in the water what head
stop can I put them and put them in
between my butt cheeks
how much love to carry him if I don't
put them too much here now so we can go
snorkeling now are there any alligators
okay crocodiles sharks
what about giant squid no other sea
horses because I'm really scared of sea
horses
okay good good I'm scared of regular
horses sea horses and cantaloupes three
two whoa look at your face alright
follow your mama
all right do it so turn it off with this
after okay ready
yeah right there I would have brought
you guys snorkelling but I kind of
forgot the memory card for the GoPro so
here's some footage from the last time I
went circling wasn't that fun the tour
guide said that one of these places felt
iguana how do you like water I have to
be the narrative okay go I would like to
play with your finest monkey all right
iguana is being prepared and walking a
bridge I heard it deer deer deer the
other day I see you dear - hi Koko hi
Koko come on Coco Coco we're in this
together have a little cocoa on me hey
what are you doing those whoa hey oh my
god are you trying to eat my camera he's
like what this high pick up fingernails
oh nice glasses
hey ha here you go oh he's like hi oh
you want one of those Oh kinky but thank
you buddy but give it a little perfume
lay back
who's that hi Koko hello
hi Tara oh you're looking like a puppy
oh you guys kind of like a puppy to look
a little tease that's kind of scared
like a dolphin dog good time
hey buddy yeah well right like a little
puppy do I have to talk hey little puppy
yeah
hello puppy hey bro he trying to hit on
my girl what is this what is this okay
oh hey oh he doesn't like me can we take
him a girl what here's a foot and your
three limbs on you right now come on bro
not cool Wow okay I see how it is first
you tell me you want Ryan Gosling now
you want monkey man
just put your hand right there good it's
a way but IVIG on your hat
oh he's taking with her all right enjoy
my hat oh there you go yes Weber nope
I'm that looks way better with him on it
look great yeah your turn yeah oh my
gosh are you like so cute oh yeah you
feeling ha ha ha ha oh yeah he's alive
time to eat some iguana ok stupid you
want to face batter and chicken whoa
they got the skin in it it's no no I
don't like the skin of him that scales
you're going at his skin ok this piece
is perfect either there's a lot of meat
on wood first time you had one oh here
we go better an alligator kuba not
little nut nut nah I got a gator before
we had alligator before this is bad
no bigger ending while it's exactly like
chicken that's exact same like it to the
chicken there you go
after a tummy full of iguana I was
feeling a little weird about it so I had
to get some other foods but I chose some
healthy healthiness look I got rice
potatoes I got a little bit of meat you
got some healthy healthy you know that's
just what I decided to do with my life I
decided not to eat unhealthy anymore
because it's bad for your fault it's bad
for your body and you just you just
don't need that negative energy from
desserts in your life like a screwball
yeah like apple crumble oh my god like I
hope I don't accidentally enter right
now content on board the ship right now
you're going down Lord you're going down
hi Lauren you're thinking a lot of our
fantastic highlight yes to you the
second place the microphone Oh Alex
you're having a second with our lawyers
later bailiffs there's like no forces
yeah and I like her a lot longer
yeah Oh getting all of our bags in of
God you so much guys thank you so much
everybody with the saying you what is
that in the unit you know what a bag in
a bag
yeah back in the bag whoa it is raining
hard in Honduras this calls for a nap
Oh
Oh welcome to the end of vlog talk hope
you guys enjoyed another day on the
sweet life of Lorex oh they're doing
early early early morning we land in
Belize and we have an epic adventure
plan but I'm a little scared it's
something I've never done before
really why would I have ever done this
is it dark he's gonna be dark yeah a
little bit with flashlights no wait we
don't know can we see yeah it's gonna be
cold
yeah oh then after a super scary
adventure it is back onto the boat for
the rockwool race against Lauren and
chicken doc-doctor tomorrow that's what
excitement one day what I might be in
what that's so much excitement no come
on I see man competition tomorrow I
don't know if I gonna enter that you
need to know you guys - I'm not gonna
win an alien I saved
okay maybe okay but no promises okay no
promises no rock climbing on the second
main challenge mark that's all I got for
you guys today
come back tomorrow for more adventures
don't forget to subscribe like this vlog
he's way down there
what and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
you
