her ankle Malcolm are you all right what
it is what it'd be would it do go date
two on the cruise is about to begin and
it's starting with a dance lesson
Lorna mom DIY are already there so I
gotta catch up let's go go go go go I
gotta go back go back go back
it'll gonna be a failure
we thought your signal hey here we go
here we go ready ready ready yeah we did
yeah left leg for goodness we do it okay
like this
whoa that's advanced I don't know about
that one
whoa yeah go down to what
good let's bring it better
here's our other great that was a
successful dance practice we have one
more practice on the last day and then
we're going to do a flash mob in front
of the entire ship like all these people
that thing comes our dance they're going
to watch us do this and they have no
idea that it's going to happen we're
just going to get up out of our seats
from wherever we are there's no
literally they don't even know we're
gonna get our seats wherever we are and
just start dancing in front of everybody
what do you think Saul wasn't even half
of the dance they didn't teach up the
other half yet so we're going to
practice that half and they get the neck
top and then we go on killing but for
now we need some congratulatory ice
cream whoa okay now what happen Alice
save them for the rest of the ship you
got to make a pile for it and you got a
little around it oh that's beautiful
okay might sound like you're jealous
much better what I don't know how you
got your duck right but I don't believe
that you can fly because I've never
actually seen it so if you can fly if I
throw you off this balcony right now you
will fly back he's gonna fly back why I
thought he could fly me like a sword
he's gonna fly back but after you threw
him off the bowl he might even opinion
it's probably only like three feet deep
right put your phone on airplane mode
and I'll throw it and see the fly come
on we are really in the middle of the
ocean there's no land for miles and
miles there's a whole lot of nothing
where's little sea aminals Annika
dolphin a whale of a narwhal any of
those would be Oh whale call that's why
it what do you say we're using the wrong
dialect Malcolm Oh Elmer you walk so I
can get off it wouldn't work I like
their work well we're just too high up
they can't hear us
yeah so I gotta be louder oh did you
guys know that the blue whale is the
biggest animal ever to live in history
yeah bigger than all the dinosaurs
they're bigger than any other dinosaur
any other living thing ever to live ever
and they're still here all those avatars
are extinct but the well they're like we
good we're gonna chill for a little bit
we chillin mmm good night is
formal dinner night I have my suit on
what is this what let me get friendship
oh my god
oh ma I love me to get a twin twirl once
world do it do it hmm are you my girl
are you mine oh my gosh who is that oh
my gosh aah whirl whirl whirl it see Oh
Kinnard number two filet mignon for me
what is this
Yatta Yatta Yatta Yatta keeps me from
falling what is that that looks familiar
yeah that's not yes you're eating does
rock rock rock yes
I'm so yay bye duck guy got arrested I
live the full life
everybody loves boo-boo bear bear Kili
Blue Duck and baby yeah looks like a
movie look like you're in a movie yeah
over there is America where we came from
tomorrow
we land over there and Honduras where'd
they go ah oh there they are
oh good come on jump again jump again oh
there there's right there there's a
bunch of dolphins
Wow comeback comeback dolphins no don't
stop itself is dolphin where they go
where they go solvent I think they're
gone yeah I realized that I'm not doing
a very good job of showing the boat but
it's because we've been running around
and so busy that I haven't even seen the
boat but here's the main part we're on
the eighth floor
if I don't get around to showing you
guys tonight then after we go on our
Honduras adventures in the morning when
we get back on the boat I got you trust
you okay a superhero what's your
superhero name super poophead
poopy make poo person the big butt McGee
Wow this stinky pinky has ending the
night with a night Colbeck movie in the
hot tub and the movie in the lala land
Wow because of you I would be the other
guy and you would leave me to go dance
with Ryan Gosling at Griffith
Observatory no not a mouse lobby and you
would leave me for a Gosling I know it I
feel you're the only girl in the world
that would do that haha hey are you
laughing you would leave to watch music
would you leave me Brian Gosling
I have any confession
oh no what is it um duck isn't a duck
yes yeah yes it is you can't fly let me
see it I mean I do a chicken no he's not
a chicken
he's definitely a chicken with a hunter
take it you're brown or white or black
what about the chicken emoji what color
is he he looks exactly like y'all get
along I will show you the kingdom of
Mary okay I pull it up all right
pull it up all right what is that s doc
could get was that who's that baby chick
front-facing baby chick
that's a baby chicken this is a duck the
baby chicken baby take it away - duck
why don't we ever see him fly then oh
because ready you guys nothing you
brought him here maybe shy it's why
shine moment I should go in and see if
he's nice let's see if you can fly back
here are they and it didn't fly this is
a fly what happened I tried to make him
fly in Amsterdam remember
if he is his species is a chicken he's
still duck in my heart his name is duck
like you don't when people made their
dogs bear duck named a duck so he is the
chicken you agree no he's done you guys
comment down below if you think he's a
chicken or a duck
he's obviously I hide him whatever it's
over the end of our talk this whole time
I thought the first place we are going
to was Mexico I doesn't do but we're
actually going to what's the name of
this Honduran I know hundra we're in the
hull Roatan roatan honduras we're
landing there early in the morning and
we have some adventures planned and I'll
let you finish okay boom I'm sorry I had
to sneeze on the list chickens
apparently hey Doc this is my life now
I'm so happy there's always an elbow or
knee on my side I I'm just a girl I just
love you that's all I'm happy you got
today make sure to come back tomorrow
for some more sweet life of Lorex on
deck and edited picture it's dope
but um duck wants know where he is so
maybe if you the chicken we would know
see you at tomorrow subscribe like this
vlog and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it up
okay bye
