what it is would it be what is you just
doc welcome to the sweet life of Lorex
on deck
hello welcome to our sweet life of
Lawrence you like it
are you kidding look at the bathroom did
you check behind the curtain I know it's
a lot we're like we did not need to put
space no I wouldn't be not here yet
goodbye Florida I know it was a short
visit but we got to go
Mexico is waiting for us it's starting
the engines are roaring are we moving
older
oh my gosh we're not going to touch
ground again for days are they giving
their horn
haha we should be par horn back but I'm
very Singh little hard Oh what is that I
can't lose you really brought them oh my
gosh so good are you doing welcome them
back up
why pancakes okay here weirdo
come on let's put our legs away so we
can go to dinner times oh nothing and
then dim it is I like where your head
that first dinner of the first night of
the first
Lorex and grill cruise rented for Gail I
Greg if he didn't know mom DIY got
seafood spaghetti laurdiy I got regular
spaghetti dad do I got steak and Alex
yeah why I got all right well wait for
dessert it's my favorite Wow
what you're like guppy ugliest dog
really Bolger living here what y'all
like Gumby make your best W face see how
can that not be doing the eyeballs are
too close together
yeah so there's that like here like not
copy we know I like it
cheesecake oh you got crumb really - you
guys must really like creme brulee huh
what what did I get - Craig relays don't
act like that's an area that was this
must be a mistake
who how did this happen oh my gosh I
need to talk to the chef look at this
fun
this is nice if you could tell by how
fast the water is moving we're going
really fast so it's super windy because
we're trying to get to where we're going
plants too windy it's time to go inside
I think it's time to show them where
your stuffy infatuation comes from
actually mine and then mom inherited how
long have you had blue bunny I'm like
great 7 what what do you mean not that
long
there's like 10 years ago what happened
to nose you got cancer Skippy but yes
that's a swell spot right there here's
going to be you know a little bit it's a
love time she like so I know the her
selfies you ever punched the blue bunny
all the time yeah first day is pretty
much complete now it's time for a nice
relaxing calm Lorex night what what what
are you doing here no come on what I
left the doggie door I even started ah
do you think that's a cleaner came in
and the organizers I just got in line
like that by themselves so they can get
punched oh I can't believe Doug's here
I'm so sad his eyes are like black holes
of evil I love like I can't believe
you're here no just you know you
probably try to develop me open just in
case doctor side it's the last minute
you feel a fly
bear bears
gross blue I'm gonna tell them don't
come on boo-boo
clumsy Kiwi you can do it come on
why is your butt look like your face you
eat and why is your mouth look like a
macaron basically his butt is but
looking to Phase II the blood face and
then evil so recap evil buffets clumsy
secret that he doesn't know yet and just
there was just both original blows
welcome to the end of log talk that's
all we have for you guys today are you
doing black and blue today we only had
half a day on the boat tomorrow we have
a full day so we actually have time to
explore the whole entire ship and I'm
bringing you guys along see that
tomorrow for more Lawrence adventures
and duck and booboo and background blue
and Kiwi subscribe and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong right gross okay bye
you
