I hope you two get stuck in the zipper
and all this stuff and comes out what it
is would it be what a Duke Joe bag
packed backpack packed ready to go on
the cruise with my girlfriend make moves
hi
I like your stroller hello hi oh you're
just gonna relax hi hi look at you and
you'll be even oh my gosh you got a big
tummy somebody's been doing their
push-ups oh we're getting attractive
really we're gonna go
Airport like airports me and Lauren live
in airport life where we go on a cruise
every body
two-by-twos let's go on the ship Dilek
room
this is heaven
you gotta watch what you want looking
you are looking clapping are you ready
I'm going to show you something when we
get there
yeah it's kind of like a magic I don't
know why we made it to Florida first
thing in the morning we're waking up
we're getting on the cruise ship and
then we're on there for two days without
touching ground and then we lay into her
place so we get back on the boat and we
land in another place get back on the
boat and a Honduras we go to Mexico
another place it could be adventures for
you and me and you guys never boo boo
Kili
why are they here damn I cruise down no
they don't
yeah they do blue H cruises he told me
about this no he doesn't he did no
November lost traveling you ever even to
the Philippines even a Tokyo Oh lost
minute bill bean gross gross gross gross
gross food canto saltines none of them
that's the answer
no what everybody everybody close with
me what and Doc no you know your quest I
got to have baby deal on stage with us a
lot no thank you
now let's go meet up with two other
people that are joining us on this
cruise week-long curious look don't you
iced beverage oh girl that's a grill
mondo I'd dad Yayoi laurdiy Alex yeah I
want it's a big cruise event yeah
we're going early in the morning to get
on this boat and we're going to have the
best time of our lives ever ever go I
forgot my toothbrush really yeah go get
one man I think all it upstairs what's
gonna happen what what battle in here
diatonically happen it wasn't just you
what you want to come with me okay then
I just got to go nope nope no you know
fancy they keep you safe no no it's a
the two fat Oh No
I've been stick out like that can't get
me what people are gonna laugh at me in
the world to fat cubans might actually
be japan i hope you two get stuck in the
zipper and all the stuffing comes out
yeah you think you've ever said mike
there's a whole year to have amazing
yeah you just want to give wise hip
totally fine natural okay
I don't know why Lauren may bring you
guys because you provide absolutely zero
protection zero I got to question
toothpaste but I also accidentally got
some orange tic tacs on some handsome
Twix bar so don't tell Warren she
doesn't have a candy problem and she's
trying to slow me down so it's our
little secret
capisce we're back you can take your
bodyguards back no gross
oh my god where's my teeth you all right
what give me one give me one I don't
know you talking about who said you got
candy but we had a greater good
Dowdell you know what I'm gonna tell
them okay I'm gonna tell him I'm gonna
do I'm gonna tell him he'll uncover his
ears I've taught them whose butts
different than everybody else's I'm
gonna tell a cute round but round but
round but and then you got a weird but
I'm gonna telling you those Haley that's
a weird but blue that's his new nickname
home weird but blue fine you can have
one I'll never forgive you blue I'll
never forgive you
you broke the sacred bond of me and
candy
you did a good job Kiwi thank you
but it doesn't mean we're friends
bonding voyage are you doing I'm making
you a candy bracelet yeah
for me yeah out of the ring pop gummy oh
look it's gonna be a surprise okay I can
to show you your book of a faff
yes that's impossible oh yeah real nice
real nice look it's Bissell I guess
wait you did actually have like a clasp
on it how did it attach had a clasp
oh my god there you go oh this is like
gotta be not say today but I love it
I'll put it away we're not meet that
night oh my god never know oh that oh
it's a bracelet or the bridge arena
before it's happening or it's really
happening
we're going on a cruise yeah
about to officially step on our new home
for a week we on it but we're on the but
don't touch the back oh she touch that's
the butt oh this ice what the ha ha
Stravinsky sweet are you ready oh oh we
the doorbell oh whoa look at this room
wow this is she got a balcony Wow Wow I
can't believe this is ours oh my god and
of all talk yeah welcome to the end of
vlog talk let us do these though oh
they're in the bag in there I hear yet
oh yes this is the part where I usually
update them on stuff I have new
merchants coming soon
where has pop sockets if you guys want
to go get it go get it go here there
suck it that's for them Papa goose a
complex collection for DIY this room is
literally ridiculous it's ridiculous
there's a reason I haven't showed you
guys it's because the room is so nice as
soon as I open the door of the room that
I had to do a montage I can't just show
you guys I got to do a montage but I
don't have time cuz i edit and get the
video up in time for you but first thing
tomorrow I promise first thing montage
of the room and then I'll show you guys
the rest of the boat and it's going to
be super dope and there's something you
missed this entire day that I keep
trying to show you what countdown from
what 3 3 2 1 cruise
yeah yeah yeah that's been happening all
days I'm missing listen you do it Chris
make sure to come back every single day
because it's gonna be a new are we
moving or you want to die I think the
boats taking off can't wait to show you
guys the room and the rest of the ship
and when we stop in Mexico Belize
Honduras it's going to be an exciting
week and hope you guys join us every
single day forever and ever I like this
log don't forget subscribe see you
tomorrow and remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong do it okay
bye
