Wow what do you mean would it be what a
dupe though I'm out here with the boys
and you got me you got my bro Aaron hey
you got lucky chillin behind the camera
we about to go on an adventure of a
lifetime
to a place that I've always wanted to go
in that place it's a park Orion is
everybody ready are you ready yeah you
have shorts on whoa what do you have on
I didn't know he's gonna be jumping
around it's Parker bro I know but that
doesn't the oxygen parkour parkour yeah
you need shorts crush you what's
happening
all right we have made it to the Tempest
Freerunning academi this is because he's
a professional
semi-pro paper yeah he knows better than
I do
so he says show me how to get some stuff
done and Aaron might attempt some of the
stuff too we're gonna teach my man some
flips right yeah that was crazy to me
that's at least like like 200 feet by my
calculations
oh my gosh just one flip just try
something do one flip
so now I need to get scary though I
don't wanna do anything scarier than
that but yeah I can't do back foot
I don't always I want from there oh my
gosh when I do a jumping karate kick
okay here we go
Wow
okay so we came here
we did some epicness we did some flips
and we did some crazy stuff but we gotta
end it with a bang let's do it race race
yeah like a park blue line okay ready
oh okay thank you for having me on here
that's fine Oh learn to why but I are
gonna check on the puppies
what's up here hey that's what they tell
you your dad is a superhero now because
I learned how to fly through the sky
with the greatest of ease just when are
they a day I mastered that stuff right
away don't even a phone they probably
hit a back flip a side flip a front flip
my Superman flip how'd I do lucky
hey how's a year loose don't buy your
foot that's your own pie don't buy your
foot I'm trying to share what am I in my
life it is true and I play did you see
the montage the the I was flying through
the air with the greatest of ease
montage oh yeah why not edited yeah how
do you know because it's still Thursday
okay I'll accept that this time so
there's something we've been living
meaning to talk to you guys about should
we tell them
okay well I'll tell you like without
details on Valentine's Day you might be
getting a little surprise from Lorex and
the form of the song I didn't always get
hints
okay fine on Valentine's Day is that
February 14 I think so
well then Alex asked me what date
Christmas alone no I didn't we're
getting off topic on Valentine's Day
February 14th I think Lauren and I are
going to try our best to release a
another addition to the Lorex songs
family you got my side you got taken my
baby and now there's another one that
might be coming out with the quickness
on Valentine's Day if we could finish it
in time saying love hurt her but there I
already wrote the song we have to record
the song and then film the music video
okay well I'm already gone for four days
in February that's problem don't you
consult my schedule before keep listen
should we release the song first and
then the music video yeah as soon as we
finish the song will release that for
you guys and then the music video once
we get that done but that way you got a
little some some you know she know you
know moving on huh I have some news
there is something that I've been
working on for the past month or so but
I haven't told you guys about it because
I didn't want to jinx it but it is
pretty much official like it's 99% gonna
happen and that is
your point going back to the Philippines
and it's not per FanFest
I've been to the Philippines once Stroh
wedding and two times for YouTube
FanFest Manila hopefully I get invited
back for the third year in a row but I
haven't heard from them yet so you know
you can hop on that Twitter and be like
hey your boy trying to go to the
Philippines once again so let's make it
happen that should be and like April are
made but this time I'm going on a secret
mission I can't tell you why I'm going
to the Philippines but I can tell you
that it is at the end of February and
I'm gonna be there for like a week
don't worry you guys will find out why
I'm going there
the very first vlog that comes out and
of course I'm gonna bring you along of
course gonna be posting every day and
it's gonna be on that dope dope so
wasabi and be prepared for the most epic
vlogs you have ever received three rye
balls into your brain last thing before
I go if you follow month long as you
know I was trying to do a 30 day ab
workout for January well I did it with
about 4 people and all of them stopped
within a week and I only made it to two
and a half weeks it's been like a week I
fell off the train I fell up hard but
don't worry
so don't go into the Philippines I'm
gonna be doing some photo shoots some
meetings some other stuff some of that
dope dope somebody good good
and now I'll give you that um that nunu
I gotta get in shape I'm not saying I'm
out of shape I'm okay okay I'm not in
the best shape of a that's what I'm
saying and I don't care if I have a
little something here or if I don't have
the biggest muscles but the thing that I
gotta work on is this it's too much
extra skin
I gotta tighten up my face I want to
yeah something like that I'm going for
I'm going for this look okay not really
but I'm too cheeky I'm too cheeky and
unfortunately when you workout your
stomach starts getting smaller your
muscles start getting bigger you start
losing weight in places but the very
last thing to change is your face that
base fat is stubborn so I've got a lot
of work to do and I know you guys gonna
be supported me along the way I have
about mmm about a month until I go to
the Philippines so I got about a month
to get in shape
starting tomorrow unless unless I'm
having too many problems or something of
that nature then I'll start the next day
that's all I got for you guys today see
you tomorrow and until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong
