it's a jiggly friend you got a wobbly
friend what it is would it be what it do
go the family is officially gone and now
it's back to my regular life with Lauren
exciting I'm just kidding never been in
a vlogging forever you abandon us then
it's like you all banded ice where have
you been oh ah oh yeah tell you why did
you need to tell us I do hate good haha
it's hot and it's stinky and everybody's
sweaty is a gross time oh yeah oh oh you
all got it click those heels oh so close
that's good see you get that then oh
that's okay that's okay you just label
it beanbag and give up on life okay okay
I have to go run errands okay bye I had
to give somebody bad news I did it I
said bad news I'm not going done you
know you panic I panic when I touch it I
said somebody bad news and I don't know
how they're gonna respond I'm trying to
figure out my merch stuff and there's
two companies that approached me that
wanted to work with me and I had to let
one of them down but that means I get to
tell the other ones good news so that's
good but I'm going to wait to see what
this one says first because I feel so
bad I only want to make people smile I
just want to make your faces smile like
this don't hurt my face don't touch the
face it's not good he texted back and
he's not happy about it
don't everybody happy you can't make
everybody happy if he wasn't any bad the
other were losing that I got a better
vibe with the with the company that I'm
gonna go with
and hope you guys like the marksman
coming will be made a sure one perky be
one for blue and Burberry river boo boo
everybody I think anybody wants more
burdock
no thank you I were all those right now
I got to take the rental that I rented
so we could fit my entire family in one
vehicle back to the rental place got to
pay my rent I got to do a lot of adult
stuff in like one or two or three two
days I don't know I think tomorrow I
don't know I'm going on a cruise with
Lauren that could be another week that I
take off from doing everything I'm
supposed to be doing so I can go on an
awesome trip with Lauren to Mexico and
I'm bringing you guys and now to give
some good news
hey what's up man I talked to the other
company and they are a lot bigger and
they have a lot more clients but I told
them I wanted to take a risk and work
with you guys let's do it nuh nuh I
think it'll be a good fit yeah awesome
well caracal this is my car in the last
eight months I've driven my car two
times after the first four months the
car would not start so it's been another
four months and uh really bad really
let's see if it starts what who put all
those candy wrappers in the door
okay okay okay okay I think I've ever
been more idealized oh if Alex was dead
are you dead
oh no most likely to seem to an
earthquake we both like these neatly
what time never late tell me the truth
the truth likely to be a heartbreaker or
it I like you tree the ball is an elbow
or knee on my side of event as well as
well you don't have my size after a busy
day of running around running errands
it's time to relax with some friends mr.
robot number one and mr. robot number
two yeah oh yeah and I'm Joey's here too
Oh we came over to have a game night and
we're about to play this game which I've
never played in my life well I don't
remember no here moving on it's broken
lately my phones are already tired this
one you can't rig sir
I didn't rape the towers already making
the Weeble wobbles and we're only like
five mothers I went for this one you
won't know Bruin don't be crazy
don't be crazy oh my god hahaha
oh stop it drop it drop it
oh no no no oh my gosh that is moving so
hard right now
no way whatever is watching all of us
audience are watching my gosh
what okay are you kidding me keep
pulling hole faster and harder I'm so
mad mm just tug it just give it a get
put really hard go huh yankor oh my god
this is done this is game over when you
guys are watching this game it's already
been an hour and I've just cut it down
to less than a minute but we're an hour
into this game oh sorry sorry sorry go
go I really thought again to be over 20
minutes ago
I know it's leaning pretty hard on this
whole day you take it out you got it you
got oh my dog yeah we're pretty back in
yeah what'd you leave it like that I
think you gotta just pull it yeah oh my
you just look at the hole like ah ha ha
ha ha
split second oh look at that that's
crazy okay here we go
nope dude or huh
Supergirl Falls would it's a jiggly
friends you got a wobbly friend oh my
god go good Oh Joey's on sorry Joe
what
oh thank you for walking to us to the
door I'll see you next time bye welcome
to the end of vlog talk
I cannot believe tomorrow is the last
day before me and Lauren go on a cruise
I haven't been on cruise in like four
years
super excited and can't wait to bring
you guys along now for the big surprise
you've all been waiting for the big
announcement is I'm going to camp
but not just any camp I'm going to
imagine goddamn crew where you guys who
were hangars and I'll be there as you'll
be there and outdoor activities will be
there and campfire smores and and just
awesomeness all in one became 17 my
friend and fellow youtuber Tyler Oakley
told me about this camp that he went to
last year with bethany mota where you
guys could attend and hang out with us I
was like what how come I've never heard
of this that's the best idea ever as
soon as he told me I had to join I'm
going to be there with a bunch of other
youtubers so hopefully I see you there
magical I really want to go because I
want to meet you but also because I
never want to camp before so I'm gonna
be a first-timer if you want to learn
more about camp 17 and how you can go go
to the description below and click the
link and you'll see everything you need
to know I see that tomorrow and then the
next thing is going on a cruise
subscribe and don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing
outdoor activities will be swampy at
first okay bye
