hahaha
everybody got it was it cold what is
would it be what did Joe Joe why do you
make weird sounds when you eat why am I
really here you know I don't think I've
ever heard of anybody getting mad at
their own hair before that's a first
annoying
today is Beach family day we're all
going it's got me going yeah Aaron is it
comfy like Oh
Duffy gray yeah and country's going to
where are we going
Andrew are we going to the beach
Duffy where we going that's right you
know the song do you wanna do it I never
see you anymore come out the door go
away
man we finally made it to the beach but
I can't find any parking if only there
was a guy to show us the way in a very
elaborate and graceful way Oh perfect
Duffy welcome to Venice Beach
today's my family's last day in
California they leave early in the
morning and my mom really wanted us to
all wear matching clothes go to the
beach and take pictures
guppy it's your first time on sand what
is it don't like sand it's bad Hey
yeah see you're gonna cost don't choke
on Finn Vista
don't like van come on he doesn't know
what to do don't eat dad go good be wow
he's freaking out first time on the
beach go good coming you're gonna choke
again money where you going wait wait
for us look at these boys hey I said you
wait for me right now I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you
we made it I'm not going in the water
it's cold California water's cold
you see there's like hundreds of people
on the beach but only a couple people in
the water because it's really cold
okay Andrew Phyllis yes guys our Gold
Cup - first time - okay guppy oh he
doesn't know what to expect
Oh the big wave lay on your dress
everybody got it
those are gold just got done taking a
bunch of pictures this is the outfit
that my mom made us all where it's time
to get out of here we have a lot of
problems Malayan kept accidentally
getting hit by waves
guffy doesn't understand that he can't
eat sand the tripod is broken the
Lighting's all wrong
is it I'm ready to go home don't run cuz
mommy you gotta wait for mommy wait wait
are you hungry what do you want to eat
any part inside Megan a popcorn and a
banana at the same time I told ya
okay after a thing what do you want to
eat in the tank mixed up it's kind
of weird
let me see you look at see what you
think like you taste like a popcorn a
banana this is what happens when you
take a baby to the beach well we're here
okay before we go in there dad let's see
how close you can touch your toes how
close your toasty touch okay that was
hard to go you sure that's it we'll see
how far you can't after this relax
you said look you're in a battle I and I
are next up I don't like the neck do it
you don't like the dead you got to hurt
you have to Oh did it work no I'm
suppose this one pay a little bit yeah I
heard that one hey Bill Oh feel good
okay all right buddy don't fart mom
please oh no farting hey hey just relax
you did it
I wasn't to government yeah all done
deep breath oh look at top of that all
right
everyone had the backtrack and now let's
do you touch your toes just how far down
here you go whoa yes close some more
before you're like up to here now you
can get down to here you can almost
touch the heart you guys are good dinner
with my family yeah okay see you guys
there
hi bye I don't know how I just don't
know how you're doing the salad come on
how do you do it
get a rolling
ah
are you there are you well there she is
ha ha Cory where you are you where are
you
do you know why they have seen in
forgetting why they give you seem
together in pasta because I'm Asian and
I like ramen so they give you spoons
like colleges No
no way back yeah just got home and we
realized that bun bun has once again
escaped her cage
she's escaped age when she should I tell
ya you better
the throw goes into the bull into this
help me be so smart to get out of the
cage don't be so easily caught hmm huh
Andrew wants to see if he can get chichi
up on top sheesh comes to okay get her
Andrew you won't do it it's not easy
being a chinchilla owner there you go up
oh oh ho ho come on guys sometimes not
an airport I decided to leave Andrew no
you want to stay for how long 17 more
weeks more you want to go home yes eh
for how long 10,000 days that's a long
time I've ever heard of a my lifetime
I'm not that hard to squeezin too hard
you show me how to do that key just push
up can you hit whoa
one oh yeah oh okay that's good okay do
another one when you go home and that's
a good that's a good workout yeah we
have too many bags and we can't fit
Aaron in here
we can't fit them in there any men I
said oh love you and we did it there's a
lot of luggage hi Andrew you guys look
skille by the way look at you all
matches okay bye
my give a kiss one more okay I gotta go
bye guys welcome to the end of blog talk
I'm super excited to have my own kids
one day
but after any I was Malaya and her
running away a million times and me
having to go catch her I'm fine with the
waiting a while
hope you guys enjoyed this entire week
of family vlogs it was so much fun
having them here and I love them and
miss them already but now it's time to
get back to work I took a break from a
lot of stuff like meetings conference
calls catching up on stuff and a bunch
of things while my family was here but
now I got to catch up on all that in the
next few days because at the end of this
week Lauren and I are going on a cruise
a week-long cruise and I'm bringing you
guys along for the adventure
oh yeah and before I go you guys are
gonna want to come back for tomorrow's
vlog because I have a epic surprise and
it could mean that you and me get to
hang out for a few days not just one day
not just one hour a few days in person
I'll tell you all about it tomorrow see
you then subscribe and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
Oh
you
