y'all can't ever break up now sorry now
that this thing is a thing just being
married tomorrow what it is would it be
what a dodo moustache alex is here to
tell you I have something super special
for you guys
me and Lauren have this awesome song
called my side it's my favorite song
ever the Gregory Brothers hooked us up
edited it together and sent us this
awesome video it's on Lauren's channel
go watch it but first watch some of my
friends and family react to it so here
it is the reaction video to the first
ever official lauric duet my side take
one action I'm already wet dog it's good
it's really good I like it like I'm Cory
this is so quick I don't know how this
happened it's like sounds like you're
actually saying like honestly it was
never happen to me
I'm Vaughn captivated it it reminds me
um what's the name the Gregory Brothers
in it oh really
why is it so good oh she wants you ha ha
ha
it does never happen to me I would watch
like every single one of my words okay
now this could be a song somewhere I
never understand will he do this at the
best place among singing
y'all can't ever break up now I'm sorry
now that this thing is a thing just get
married tomorrow okay you can sing all
right
oh my god clear throughout our hands
there's so many awesome sound bites in
this it's ridiculous it's so cute
this is going to be at the next vid con
and playlist party grab me up and
they're like twerking like I can see it
happening right now
very good very good
oh that was cute it's so crazy
it's like remake of log into a song yeah
we're just talking yeah they made a
whole song about it up takes creativity
and expertise that I do not have did you
like me I love you MA catchy right oh I
love you that massage is very good hope
you guys enjoyed that make sure to send
in your reactions to the video because I
would love to see it and like this vlog
if this song is stuck in your head just
like it is mine my my site I owe forever
you can go by this song on iTunes right
now it's number one in the comedy chart
and when you do leave a review because
I've been reading them all and they're
all awesome and I love seeing what you
guys think I'm reading all of them I'll
put the official video in the endcard so
after you watch this go click that check
it out and last thing Lauren and I are
going to YouTube FanFest Manila very
soon comment down below if you think we
should perform it live on stage at
YouTube FanFest Manila in the
Philippines I'll vlog the whole
performance and upload it just for you
guys
thank you Gregory Brothers for making
this awesome video for us and if you
want to make another one I would be
honored to upload it on my channel go
tweet them and tell them to make another
way that's all I got for you guys today
tomorrow is the last family vlog before
they head back to North Carolina see you
guys tomorrow subscribe like this vlog
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong
ok bye
ah
you
