you don't want snapchat when you do the
face flop this is it we're going to do
that but in real life what it is what it
be what it dude oh you're ready for this
Brian just do it
and are you ready to go to them you know
what it is no are you sure you know what
it is mom you know it is whether or not
I promise it's not a massage what I'm
sorry but it's not going to be painful
at all but one day from watching my
vlogs what kind of surprises do I do to
people usually by the ambience okay well
I'm not buying you guys another car it's
time for Andrew to get a car oh not yet
oh yeah I got you a car when I got dad a
car let's do a plasmic of that now I'm
fun
so far I'm thinking we're getting uh-huh
what's the shoes that you bought
recently easy easy
not pink Malone though and painful have
waited buddy gonna buy it again what the
words are what I meant
wait what about your dead okay now lady
don't you both lost your baby okay we're
gonna get that for you next no no it's
done getting your knee letting then next
time next time I kind of notice why not
we're doing it okay right here oh my god
is there any idea where the place where
they do a bunch of surgery I'm thinking
you guys to get plastic surgery yeah you
can have any kind of classic Cruiser you
want to thank you I want to do those
okay okay your whole neck okay let's
have a hand on top removing the plastic
surgeries this way is that the major
media knows you don't like plastic
surgery oh yeah but now you can look at
plastic dad their retention Andrews
Venus you never kissed a weenus before
do you know what a weenus is here no
that's not let's meet you this is the
weenus that has no painkillers and the
human body
you could pinch it as hard as you want
he won't feel it this is all your
strength is that part yeah of course as
hard as you can no he can't feel it I
promise I'll did you look so that I'll
did you ready yeah I got you know pinch
it hard like n32 oh yeah nothing there's
mom you didn't know that no only the
elbow skin if you get the arms get your
hurt if you go pinches heart you can
nothing that's all of you I know weird
it here's some bleach Bible units like
the left out there goes a little good
hey hey let me try with two hands hold
it dad
look I didn't okay that's the mission it
had plastic surgery for my back I guess
let me tell you what it is yes
you don't want snapchat when you do the
face flop that's it we're going to do
that but in real life you guys get the
fish pieces you will be involved so
never here to get a facial treatment
yeah but you're right but it's not like
facial treatments you've gotten before
this is a high-end facial treatment
that's right it's a Kiko laser nose
healthy code Genesis and the all-over
face treatment will be a target Brown
clapping you might have some sun damage
and we're also going to laser Thomas can
put on longer that's right and I never
noticed I don't when you guys oh my gosh
look at that you can yield go for that
there that to that let's be tightening
and brown spots we go on and you'll be
good bye he has facial hair is that a
problem no oh good I already did it so
you can enjoy it's not a big difference
for me but you guys might have a better
difference and became something more
dramatic Roger yeah it's going to be
good era like it we have to wear these
sunglasses because the laser that there
may be zalim on the plate it's going to
be pretty drastic right now she's
getting her before pictures and then in
a month we'll take some more so here we
go the first thing we're going to do is
we're going to treat all the little
brown spots okay
we're just going to drop them off
I thought those are freckles oh yeah you
can get rid oh no you can't get rid of
Moammar it doesn't pop off you can oh
you do that you don't want them all
anymore
Molly Molly Molly Molly Molly he went
nine to 12 dollars per treatment don't
worry about it
the upper lip is the one that hurts but
gotta keep your mouth closed no matter
what because apparently you can crack
your teeth this is trial vision okay dad
you're up yummy to go you're up okay
okay well so first we're gonna targets a
little brown spot on here and that's
going to be completely gone
yeah Oh what did you even know you had
that mm-hmm I'm gonna so handsome with
that no okay
you make those goggles look good dad
I've always wanted that middle one the
middle eyebrow wrinkle yeah you want one
yeah I remember watching to move you in
as welcome and I can't wait till a
blonde
when I get older
gourville destiny
hear me and let us know you get to
overlook so that they can watch me
flinch around you ready here we go
good job you made it okay gang hit back
up mark woo good huh it was clear
already mama's got you thank you
before we head home we saw across the
street that there was a mclaren store
and a maserati store and I'm going to
get a new car soon after I moved in with
Suzy and Erin I'm going to end up
getting a car so why not look at these
cars
okay maybe not this car because they
said this car was like 400,000 but haha
I'm not trying to get something crazy
like that but this one is more my range
the only reason I wouldn't get these is
because it's two seats if you watch my
vlogs you know that I'm a big people
person I always have friends with me I
always like to be with people so to see
it's not with people to see is with
person this will be the test if you can
easily get in and out of one then then
I'll I'll seriously think about getting
one you know do some stretches all right
dad this is all you
why I beat breakfast you gotta you gotta
give them a demonstration like that okay
there you go go there see if you can
find the handle you did it
nice okay Andrew now what you got it do
it you liked it didn't oh my gosh you
guys are stylin sure it's alright
alright ready go the other way you guys
can't go on the same opposite direction
it's a little quick like that this is
gonna be his car when he's 14 so when
you turn 18 mark my words this is you or
do you want this one when you turn 18 oh
that one
are you sure well you got four years to
think about it do you know how to drive
okay show me and if you're gonna need a
little bit practice can you do me a
favor dad can you take this for a test
drive for me and let me know how it goes
I would do it but my ankles acting up
alright their yard now he's going to
drive this it means you have to go
indoor skydiving on Saturday yeah
come on just you and me I'll kill t a
secret I won't even log it that much -
love it it's bigger than me the most
expensive car you ever driven oh yeah
sure yeah look at his baby so happy
did I prank you good mom did you think
you're going to get plastic surgery ha
ha ha
did you believe me no I wasn't gonna I
wouldn't give you that surprise plastic
surgery I can't believe it Oh see that's
why me and Andrew are so gullible
because we get it from my parents here
is you think dad's driving
hey you did a little CD speed for us
convicted of
whoa you make this car look good goes
awesome check it out freakin
unbelievable the Potter thing was
incredible
Andrew are you gonna drive it if I get
it Andrew Andrew won't get it back if he
brings it out welcome to the end of vlog
talk let's start this thing off with the
winner of the vlog camera giveaway and
the winner is jesse kremer from holland
congratulations
can't believe my parents really thought
that I got the plastic surgery as a
surprise glad they actually liked what I
did get them it was like a super facial
and I can't wait to see the results in
about a month my results were not bad
drastic because I'm young I got tight
skin it doesn't really do anything
except for make my pores smaller and
clears up my acne but for my parents
it's going to be a big difference
tomorrow I'm taking my entire family
everybody to a super special place that
they're gonna love I'll give you a hint
it's the happiest place in the world
yeah see you guys for more family
adventures tomorrow subscribe and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
ah
it's
