hey you guys know what you don't hear a
secret you're both pumpkin heads you
guys are pumpkin head oh my god oh just
like it like a unicorn threw up on my
head though oh no it's real it's died
you will exact a temporary nope it is
real it's blue and I'm blue and yellow
but I see from the top at the live of a
barking like basic I just finished an
audition it's not for that that's not it
the other swim before it was love and
elves and it's another dramatic rule and
you know how I'm not going to be in
dramatic levels they liked it but it's
time to get back come back watch you all
hurry up let's go hurry up and row
tomorrow we're going somewhere a little
bit far away and we need a vehicle so I
have to go rent a vehicle right now down
the street and we're going to take the
scooter oh yeah you want you haven't
people yet molested does not pink it's
light it's light red Milegi copy you
cookie we'll be right back good job
there you go and did it say there you go
yeah focus
Hey go on it's a mile away we got to get
a mile away before they die on us don't
die on an earth just a couple of guys
gonna ran down Hollywood Boulevard yeah
I need two singing lessons but I'll do
that later cuz I'm trying to ride the
scooter with one hand whoa
we made it now let's look at cars so we
could get the bends or we could get the
infinity or we could rock it with the
van my dad's looking at the van but I'm
like upgrade so the pins do excuse me
can I have my girlfriend back what are
you making Malia you're making bad
friends bracelets no kind they were
different
Oh best friend bracelet any nothing what
they're going the dark oh my gosh hey
hey you guys know what you don't hear a
secret
you're both Pumpkinhead you guys are
Pumpkinhead you pumpkin heads hey hey
use all your muscles oh why you got so
much cheek this yours what is the other
side a lot too
okay let me see whoa you do that a lot
wait can we do both sides the same thank
you get one side the machine ready
what Oh feel good I like it does it hurt
yeah my man okay it's my best friend
okay
not my best friend okay what I'm her
best friend for me
so we're good friend and now she's my
best and we have having bracelet oh wait
- that's right and who had it first but
but I've got matching business with
everybody okay
you know what she's best friends
everybody how about you and me differ no
we're different
no good we all put easy best friend II
yeah yeah
oh yay yay one two three guys a break
hmmm I know sometimes you saw me 10
times do you snore all the time or
sometimes I try look what you just said
fun though how often do you fart 10
times a day before it $10 a day you
think you think you fart
everybody in it's adventure time 117
I'll do it Aaron is about to hit a
million subscribers alright so we're
gonna go celebrate with some food
whoa and my dad's an easy onto the audio
is dad is although that won my heart
hurry up go bathroom or hello indoor
skydiving we meet again I've done this
thing like probably three or four times
already
I'm not going to do it because if I do
it then who's gonna vlog then doing it
and where I is doing it oh we in flight
mode now yeah
little butt up a bubble bubble-butt
couple play bubble bubble-butt Andrew
vocal put open bubble bubble bleh okay
you ready
Andros mommy look silly is going in that
ball that's right there you go good
mommy good you gonna go next why come on
you can do it you can do it no are you
going bye-bye am I ever going to see you
again it's going to be like eleventeen
thousand days right I'll see you like in
a week right kill my name okay that's
all that Bella could buy ha ha ha ha ha
ha I have a surprise for you in the
morning I'm going to take you again
somewhere weird to leave 8:30
yeah I don't like here not it is you
know it it is they don't Latonya I guess
you're going to wait till morning for
the next vlog to see bacon mashed
potatoes trip and rice sunrise chant
pasta your beans happened here you still
don't know what's happening tomorrow
just a whole debacle I give you up all
night kind of figure it out
it's like slightly painful but not that
much oh no kind of sort close I guess
welcome to the end of vlog talk so I
guess it's still a you students can't
wait to show you guys what I have
planned for my mom and dad tomorrow it
ha my parents are kind of old-fashioned
parents like there's a lot of stuff in
Los Angeles that they have never seen or
heard of or anything of the sort
tomorrow I have the craziest things
planned for both of them mom and dad are
going to do something crazy and then I'm
going to have my dad try something for
the first time ever that it's going to
blow his mind and I know he's always
wanted to do it and I'm going to make it
happen I'm excited for you guys to find
out what it is as well as you saw Aaron
hit 1 million subscribers today and you
know that I made a promise to you that I
would give away my old vlogging camera
which is right here here it is my old
logging camera I've had this one for
about a year it has a couple scratches
on it but it still works perfectly fine
and it's all yours this is how you enter
to win this make sure you subscribe to
my channel subscribe to my brother's
channel lazy Ron studios and comment
down below in this vlog
and you're entered to win and this could
be yours hope today's blog brought a
smile to your face and I'll see you guys
tomorrow with more family vlogs don't
forget to subscribe and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it okay bye
ah
Oh
