what it is what it be what it do oh hey
sicky-sick
hey the big thick dr. Lauren and I have
made an agreement and that agreement is
being executed first with a visit to the
doctor but then I get a little
something-something here you see what we
talked about
let's go you ready for the Duke turf
okay let's hit the problem
okay okay hey open help you got a bad
case of the Gouda booze you know goo boo
is what is it girl girl you have a lot
of Gouda booze it's a bad case you know
else you got a bad case of yeah bad case
of the cutie pies you got a bad kid the
kid a pie oh my gosh look where's my
fork a piece of this killing pie just
got back from the doctor and Lauren has
give a blood infection are you sure
actually I have strep throat yes since
we like the doctor we decided to treat
ourselves to some of that bleh
yeah look at it boom you got the fries
you got the Nuggets you got the
good-good yummy yummy yummy in my tummy
coming nuggets Oh buddy you can't forget
the poem you okay we're Suzy what
No this can't be my best friend is
blowing he's good wow what is that
what's under your hair right there
no what is that
you know girls know what's on your pubes
you don't get Buzzard you're rocking the
much of that wasabi I like it lets do a
sensual hand to hand hold why do you
think just because you're wearing my
merch and you're beautiful and I would
do anything for you that I would do
whatever you're about to say why didn't
need a bath you skin
my eyes the youtuber what puppy no
mousse
okay what you been doing I'll get towel
I'll dry them off you wash them dry him
get in what it's about to be a
father-son bath time
no I feel like I'm getting dirtier and
he is getting better honestly I don't
know I don't get it
oh man see miss me see miss trying my
best here
oh my gosh he's so much delacro but he
used to be Kentucky
oh yeah behind the ears already doing
okay with my towel I didn't know you
were submerging we already covered back
no oh now mine's gone we can do the
pull-up right oh oh it's just coming
it's breaking this reckless ready is it
yeah Duncan fine but only cause I'm an
adult
I just need a towel here what one now
that that looks used hold on
this is the only one I could find
Oh
thank you yeah I feel weird ever since
that ever since that back you've a rash
no oh whoa you see that oh that's weird
right
Oh Lauren you hear that
I'm attorney to Dirk what are you doing
I'm doing all right
no I see it no it's coming okay here we
go oh no it's all there all the dogs are
gonna love it I'll go slower I gotta go
slow slow there you go there you go yeah
spin it while you're doing it there you
go hon switch oh jeez I don't know how
are you doing really good have you get
this before yes your professional window
snap switch ready - okay I think we're
good
they were good it's a lot it's all in
there whoa oh look at that
everything in here tastes like sugar to
the dogs oh good thing in her smooth
did you build a fort are you doing in
there
can I get in there chemical the door now
are you in here - it's dark I can't see
anything is he looks like he loves all
this distraction from his slumber he's
sleeping you know this happens is it
I put the bike on my lap and there's a
little bit left on the floor and you
think oh man why is he so tired she went
to the park he's big feet gift to carry
around all day
today is the day it is January 25th it
had literally been 12 years since this
channel was created xq me how many
stuffies do you have in my bed right now
you got one two three all of yours on
you drop Tony here you go Oh who's in
here just just Benny
where's everybody else who are these
people back here who is this guy
is that it no I let me see oh there
anymore oh look at you who's this who
this 10-piece of skippin and BP if it's
the event and big Q is bouncy now
wondering that I pick up all your
clothes
this is embarrassing oh I'm so Oh dad
throw big G to bar I gotta give this
away gotta send this out tomorrow we
can't just leave it on the floor like
that this is the clean pile for your
information I wanted to put it in my
clothes so it smells the most like me
when I send it what would you say I
smell like
one cent described me your boyfriend
pastrami pastrami smells strong and
pungent you know I thought that's it no
stuff he's in the bed sorry they don't
get to sleep in here tonight
give me the Stevie's come on I watched
your son's a day no what told you to
submerge yourself in the dirty water
that's what I thought you wanted from me
give me this dip is give you the
stupidly Belize oh I got a thingy I got
a new guy huh next you don't get parked
in the bed okay what I was talking about
what's I'd be hitting 12 year
anniversary how many years have you been
you do how many he says food on YouTube
I don't know I think six who says Aaron
been on YouTube welcome to the end of
vlog talk so back to this 12 years thing
I'm gonna put this in perspective so you
can see how long 12 years is in the
YouTube world this channel was created
when there was less than a hundred
YouTube accounts I would say less than a
hundred youtubers but youtuber wasn't
even a phrase yet it wasn't a thing was
sabe hitting 12 years is going from
kindergarten to graduating so wasabi is
a high school senior right now and
they're graduating this year without a
youtube I would be living a completely
different life without you guys and you
too doing what you did for so long and
just being here every day supporting me
it's it's changed my entire life you
guys will never know how much you've
affected me and my family and my friends
and my life and my future family because
it's just too immense of a thing you
guys just don't understand what you've
done for me only thing I can do to repay
you is to promise to try and upload
every single day and put a smile on your
face that's that's the whole reason I
I'm a youtuber oh and doing a bunch of
giveaways seriously thank you so much
for being here being a part of this
journey and being a part of my life in
the amazing way you've always been so if
you're watching this thank you from the
bottom of my heart I'll see you tomorrow
and the next day and the next day and
until then don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
