hello Amsterdam I'm Alex wasabi it's
very nice to meet you what it is would
it be and what it don't go before I came
here I made myself a promise I'm going
to the gym every single day until I get
back to my trainers who TM Bradley so
that's the first thing I did when I woke
up got that out of the way and now is
actually time to head to the very first
VidCon in Europe ever VidCon Amsterdam
all right duck hold down for it I'll be
back
what no you can't come I've never been
here before what if there's what if
those muumuus there could be monsters
ooh
see you don't want to go fine let's go
we got a boat are you the captain or the
Capitan run horn I'm Alex wasabi works
so we go that way long enough will we
get to Paris doesn't know oh okay oh
that way all right
this calls for a montage
hi we're doing on I just got to VidCon
and this is crazy because usually you
walk in if you're a youtuber like a big
youtuber like losing over there
you get swamped with people but since
this is the first one in Amsterdam it's
super intimate I get an intimate feeling
I've been on panels before and that's
cool
there's bunch of people watch and
they're not even there to listen to you
they're there so that they can see you
and take pictures of you and stuff but
these people that I'm here with right
now are actually here because they want
to hear what we had to say and these are
but a bunch of small creators that were
me and smoothly were once and they're
all trying their best to get to where
they want to get and it's so cool we can
harvest this video now's like y'all that
yeah in like a couple years and you guys
are big you can be like all remember we
were in that vlogs good so cool excited
and thank you for all the questions you
guys asked and this is not my class in
his class but I got excited because I
could see you guys a passion and that's
all I can say for you to check those
days don't forget to break me off a
little piece guys you guys are all going
to be famous trust me you're gonna be
seen you're going to be famous you're
gonna be famous one day class is
complete with you with the teacher I was
a teacher's assistant
we gave notes to everyone and you can
tell they took it hard especially this
one right here Akane look at these notes
these are a bunch of things we said so
pause this video right now read all
these these are all the tips we gave
today and it's so cool that's me see
that Filipino nose that's me so we just
experienced a VidCon that I'm not
familiar with with the intimate create
about the experience of it so that
you're familiar with yet so we're about
to experience a good concert that we
know and love and we're going to walk
out into the crowd just the Stampede
from Lion King is what stuff to happen
right now
yeah yeah we do oh yeah oh yeah thank
you for what it begin I want to get you
up here
here we go this is the famous amsterdam
sign that everyone those taking pictures
with we should come back at night when
it's not busy and try to say make sure
there's nobody in front of it now
there's many people I wanted to be like
and all of you and yeah we'll come back
yes he to one
Oh No
now
oh wow the lighting here is so good I
look like I have a jawline boo hoo this
guy says that he has a friend that's
working that wants to meet me but she's
not allowed to come to me so I got to
compute I heard you watch my videos oh
you're my favorite youtuber did you know
I was coming
no you didn't know did you guys know
what's coming
no that's because it's a surprise and
also I don't never been invited to
VidCon but I'm here oh no no we were oh
yeah there we go
we took a lot of pictures of my face was
hurt from smiling so it's time to treat
myself to an ice cream cone how do you
say vanilla and what's the language here
anyway Bonita Neill Avenue yeah what's
this other one what's that mean our bar
by yes I said it
ah how do you say ice cream thank you
sighs you know I was okay I got ice
cream time you like
ice cream is that why you're excited
right now why yeah like you can you read
to me thank you
I know so you're not a fan of ice cream
though I
I am okay there you go I knew it
I knew it hi I'm gonna sing a song about
my ice cream but I took pictures for
like 30 minutes and alcohol I figured
yeah this is confusing I don't know what
this is not one not creme brulee it's
kind of like a jello thing but that's
not a jello color we'll find out
together do you know what what Oh what
is it Joey I mean I'm about to eat it
don't say that say something else
oh good thank you Wow what Ellis and I
want to eat it so bad now it looks like
rotted jello ah what you were doing so
good shot don't look at me like that
like really go back to the hotel just
for me can I say that right oh I'm
walking around a new land in Europe
Amsterdam never been here before and
it's exciting I like it but I realized I
liked it more when Lauren's here this is
all cool but I have no way to share it
with Susie is great he's fun but he's
busy as well because I didn't get
invited to VidCon I'm just a plus-one
with him so I have nothing to do he has
panels meeting great all this stuff and
I'm all alone without my little chicken
nugget and everybody keeps staring at me
because I'm holding out a camera I'm
just alone chicken tender in a foreign
land oh wait I'm not alone
I have duck like for God okay now people
are staring more I better do a montage
and if you lie and yeah get a so far is
today and you'll see the light
Oh
he
haha
I am so jet-lagged right now is about 3
a.m. in California time and it's the
middle of the day here so I must take a
nap but first I have to feed my body
with room service let me show you what
I'm working with chicken avocado
tortilla trying to be healthy trying to
get in the best shape I've ever been in
my life and I didn't wear these fries
they came with it but I'll probably
doesn't need them and I got some fruit
it does not fruit with woo and last but
not least I got water water water and
water the human body is made up of 70%
water it's good for you it cleans out
your body it keeps you healthy it keeps
everything running how it's supposed to
at a hundred percent so drink water
importance accidentally slept for four
hours I meant to sleep for one I don't
know what happened jetlag caught up with
me
I wasn't even tired when I went to sleep
I was like oh I'll just sleep for like
30 minutes an hour probably please you
was a coma I went to coma it's okay
because it's still stuff going on so I
gotta go catch up with everybody else
let's go I'm at this party and I'm not a
big partier I came outside and this I
was like won a burger I was like yeah
and then I got this no use in the dream
burger
are that they lied to me in Amsterdam
exploring with these two five and Andrea
oh I'm not really grown to like both of
you in the last year playing laughs we
met like three months ago yeah to know
both you guys are awesome welcome to the
end of vlog talk let's start this thing
off with a giveaway one limited edition
red iPhone could be yours all you do is
subscribe like this vlog and comment
anything down below anything at all I'm
going to choose like closing my eyes and
scrolling through a bunch and just
picking one then I'm going to check if
they're subscribed and if they are they
win that person wins a brand new red
iPhone and if you don't win this one
don't give up because you could win in
the next vlog what I'll be giving away
the other way I thought I have tomorrow
will be the last VidCon Amsterdam vlog
I've had so much fun here it's an
amazing place ever it's so many
different languages in tomorrow's vlog
I'm going to ask everyone that speaks a
different language how to say a certain
phrase and I'm going to say to you guys
so if you can speak another language
come back tomorrow and I might say this
certain phrase in your language Monday
I'm flying back to us what I'm almost
done with the vlog to let me finish
stop interrupting stop in a row stop
interrupting me right if I put you on my
shoulder for the rest of this end of
vlog you probably just stop staring
creepily and blink sometimes it's weird
just to be clear we're not friends Frank
we accidentally had a mini adventure
together but I still hate stuffies one
day I fly back to Los Angeles where my
family will be waiting because they're
already there and I'm so excited for a
whole week of family vlogs if you guys
have been riding with me on this
vlogging journey for a while and you
know that family vlogs are my favorite
vlogs can't wait to see what my last day
in Amsterdam is gonna be like and then
I'm heading back home
good luck on the giveaways see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to subscribe and
if you're not smiling you're doing it oh
okay bye
Oh
