he's ready to go on a walking tour of
Africa what's it look like when he walks
what it is would it be what it do go
tonight I'm going to Amsterdam but first
I have a lot of things to get done and
the first thing on that list is go look
at new houses to move into when I get
back me and Lawrence about the meet up
with Aaron and go look at houses right
now let's go tax everything I've got my
good glasses
this is experience ready to explore the
herd and blossom last bit to default I
thought look at look at his feet he's
ready to go on and walking to America
what's it look like when he walks he's
not able to keep up with me
I like the walk so slow my legs move I
keep up
see I keep up that's hot
Cape them in the team oh yeah this
passport everything Rybak Wow what is in
this pocket guys Sophie Foster
made it to the first half and uh okay
what do you think Aaron no okay Laura
what do you think lots of guppy poop
areas hey you wanna move in with us sure
if you want to do
I'm down okay cool let's do it next
house house number two what it is what
it do oh it isn't cool I got the beauty
in the beach chandelier okay oh this is
definitely better than the first one I
don't know what we were thinking
Oh Megan this is cool but this is the
only room worth looking at because it's
the next room boom like that you got the
cool huge walk-in closet
you got your own little private balcony
over the pool in the hot tub check out
this bad oh whoa yeah that's nice
that's really look at this fireplace
this huge TV over it it would be crazy
this is crazy house number three let me
see your bowl again oh no this is like
this is like very similar except right
this is definitely beachy there right it
is six bedrooms to five oh I think we
would choose the other one but Lauren I
choose this one nah I think number two
is the way to go house number four whoa
wait is this pool inside
wait is this inside this isn't service
what is an indoor pool should we head
would you guys want a bowl on the lager
what whoa it just kind of smell like
pool in our living room all the time
though that's a problem but this is cool
master bedroom oh so the master bedrooms
right here by the pool Oh
I don't know guys I don't know if I can
deal with the pool been in there just
because it's gonna smell like pool all
the time forever next up on the stew
list before going to Amsterdam I need a
haircut Oh she'll go pee I have to go to
Amsterdam but I'll be back and we're
moving into a new house too and I don't
know if I told you that so you're gonna
have a backyard you have a pool you can
invite all your friends to come over and
swim it's gonna be so fun
I'll be back in like three days I love
you okay bye now off to the airport to
Amsterdam oh yeah even though you've
been there of course I've been there
hello what should I do when I'm there
oh when you dare baby you just have to
relax okay
yeah no bar okay listen to the girls oh
my flight to 9:50 they really get it's
Los Angeles
so maybe not much maybe this is the
first time I've ever been to the airport
to fly internationally
out of the country by myself I usually
always have one person with me at least
one so this is a little weird I'm not
sure how this trip is going to go so I
think I'll leave it in the hands of the
always trustworthy fortune cookie you
decide my fate my friend let's see what
the future has in store for me
hey okay
oh those crumbs all over me oh there's
no fortune cookie even the cookie
doesn't know my future I'm a little sad
that my cookie didn't have a fortune but
I guess we'll find out what the future
has in store for us together here in
Iceland all by myself at my layover and
I wish every floor might I don't got
time for that I only got time to grab
some food and get back on the plane
I ordered spaghetti or the gaming they
said cream toss with ham and cheese
not the forget iam used to but I'm
hungry
so I'm going in
fun
and Glenn I don't think there's very
many bloggers and Iceland because people
are looking at
I mean people usually look at me in LA
as well but definitely more here like
everybody who flew high I'm not trying
to brag but it's rare that I can go to
an airport and not meet Alice Abhiyan
and I always look forward to it I'm like
oh I get to go to the airport I could
meet it what's not being cool let's do
it not a nice plane
not yet this kid stopped me and I was
like and he was like I like your shoes
and I was like oh thanks I've just been
sitting here and people have been
passing me but they are unaware that I
have been letting a little tiny fart
little tennis hearts have been being
released into into the world but it's
not my fault it's I swimsuits fault
because on the wall is enough to get eat
but
yeah they don't even know they're
walking through clouds oh just let go
another one oh this baby's got to get it
big with ya
hi are you guys from oh I didn't think
there was any ice little sapiens but now
I met one yeah that's also do think
picture I'm so happy
let's walk over here though because it
smells that way I don't know what that
it finally made it to Amsterdam and now
I just need to find somebody to share it
over with because I can't afford new
rolling over no what what did you get
here
okay where's your car uh where she's
giving us a piggyback ride huh what's
your name oh I'm not getting old yeah I
think it is alright let's go
hahahahahaha
let's go you ever been here before no my
first time to Amsterdam you we're going
to have so much fun this weekend
lies thanks for coming prove it what is
this do we get to face each other in the
over what if we bought me there are
delicate knees I'm sorry I'm sure it's
okay I'm just first two okay good my
room for the next three days I like it
Oh I mean I can't see it but okay oh now
I'm scared now scared out of a General
Zod please don't be anybody in New York
oh my gosh
turn on Oh okay huh oh this is one of
those car things I'm getting goose bumps
too this carry stuff what what oh okay
woo there's one of those I told you have
to put the card and the thing for the
electricity work Val scary oh I got a
little office space for the editing oh
ok where's my where's my bathroom at all
they got a door for the bathroom that's
fancy
whoa nice nice nice
I like it welcome to the end of all
right what I did not promise Lauren you
could be in the end of vlogs no I'm not
gonna do it and now that Fuji is moving
in with me and Erin that means there's
going to be three dogs
be dollar muffin to chinchillas bun bun
chee chee and three guys Erin Alex Busey
3 so the vlogs are gonna get a lot more
interesting but first just need to find
a house the second house we looked at
was the best out of the four we looked
at but it's not perfect
that house is plan B if we can't find
another house we're probably under like
that one if it's not taken by that time
but we need to find the perfect slide we
need to walk into a house and be like oh
this is the one but that hasn't happened
so the search continues I have today and
tomorrow in Amsterdam then I leave early
afternoon the next day so that means you
get to full vlogs of Amsterdam and I
can't wait to meet you guys all at
VidCon this is crazy first VidCon in
Europe ever and I'm excited to be here
now before I go I need your guy's help
with something
you uh you hop over there you're kind of
the way I have these two iPhone Reds and
it was kind of a spur-of-the-moment
purchase for a giveaway but I don't know
when to give it away I kind of want to
wait a little bit to give these out
because I already gave out a bunch of
stuff Heath but all that the store and
they had them so I got them and now I
want to give them to you guys give this
vlog a big thumbs up if you think I
should give it away in tomorrow's vlog
let me know because these iPhone Reds
need new owners see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to hit the subscribe button
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it okay bye
ah
you
