by member memory tire shoes get eight
hours of sleep hydrate what it is would
it be would it Duke Joe before I go to
Amsterdam tomorrow Lauren wants me to
film a video for her channel today so
I'm on the way guppy where's my keys
where's like he's at
you always take them where are they if I
don't find them in the next five minutes
one alligator I have been looking
everywhere for my keys and I can't find
them I'm pretty sure if you ate them but
the search continues hey poop real quick
Liz I'm gonna squeeze it out of you hey
come here I need to squeeze it I need to
squeeze my keys out of your butthole
come here
guess you found the keys Alex found the
keys I just wish there was a way to like
put something on it so that I wouldn't
lose it again hmm oh yeah thanks hands
Lauren being such a good girlfriend
knows and realizes that I have a losing
my keys problem so she solved it on my
birthday in one of the many many gifts
she gave me and this is a keychain that
you can attach your phone and I use an
app to call your keys and be like yo
where you at and they'll be like jingle
jingle I'm under the couch you guys all
forward Wow you've been busy yeah new
paintings a new couch good because that
couch was horrible and oh you set this
up all over the light the light says lor
di hahahaha I like it I like it I like
it and I like these paintings I was
looking at them earlier and they're kind
of freaking me out
it's like a little paper boat and little
cloudy stuff and look at this one with
the drippy drips and the drop it drops
and then look at this one this one kind
of freaks me out it looks 3d they made
look how you can put your hand into it
and then there's a shithole a billiard
hall nope no you can't put your hand
into it I don't like it
Wow son oh and I look is this for me
but you have to wow rainbow peeps on a
stick kebab that that play that that is
so innovative the human race comes up
with the craziest things now that Lauren
lives in a new apartment with a new
couch and her new stuff and her old
boyfriend you're going to get a new
boyfriend aren't you no okay good
we had to come to targets so that I can
get boyfriend things to leave in the
girlfriends house including swimming
trunks because she won't hit the hot tub
because we haven't done it yet it's
gonna be our first time how do we
celebrate our cards are you about Kurt
oh I see the problem
Michael asked nope okay hold it boys if
I have been medaled my issues oh whoa
we're getting serious topics really yes
Wow
yeah that's what I do that's what I do
is this you turning into a 50 year old
man dropping the bomb always wanted
matching pair of dogs I got sexual as
you hit the dress - yeah okay some
species and what species with that I'm
look at the Swedish eat
oh hey I got to go to Amsterdam tomorrow
is that his name
duck only one stuff you can go is baby
Dino is it duck because they bear bear
the Kiwi is a blue you almost lost beer
bear last time you took him to
Philippines Oh almost is the keyword
there so it didn't even happen
no one are you so dirty it's not my
fault he was on the streets with his
Toby no like this trying to hitch a ride
back the airport after you lost this
movie what who's going yet besides I
think about it yeah think about it
yeah maybe ducks you just haven't bonded
that much duck is gross look at the evil
in his eyes it's just bottomless pit of
you'll vomit pit of gear no please not
have another stuffy in my life I can't
that's not new I know but he's just like
I never bought it with him I already
have an unwanted bond with the other one
I knew there's a pocket unwanted uh-huh
okay dust can go if he promises to not
be annoying
he's going to work on it Oh dr. grey the
Amsterdam way to do the initiation
what's that a punching the kids no not
the kiss part yeah punch a kiss hmm yeah
he's even got lips I'm going to do it do
it
I just want to lift first baby Dino then
all the other little guys and now this
one doc that's not even good nation kid
I got peeps on a stick beeps on a stick
deep sigh hey it got keeps on a stick oh
I'm gonna eat in front of him he's dead
oh my god he's super judging you
I
fly duck oh-hoo tube time time
do it do it it was kind of cold is it
you can feel so good
pull it's hot that's hot that's hot
that's hot
ah today is the first day in over a week
that I didn't work out but it was just
goes out to soar I had nothing I could
work out about to soar and this hot tub
is the perfect way to recover he's got
to warm up your muscles and then you can
stretch and it's just good time for
everybody
aren't you excited for what we're giving
away the two blues it's over we're done
we just have long ago to Anna doesn't
life
nope it didn't know what in Tuesday's
vlog I said that if you guys let me
check no it didn't get you into doesn't
like we don't get to order anymore and
we're not going to 117 yeah what is that
sorry about it so we just give those
guys away and we done let's go give them
you know to the end of our talk in the
morning
yeah here before we go to sleep say your
final goodbyes because I'm mailing them
all out tomorrow
I know it's gross what's the last thing
you want to tell them before you never
see them ever again
hahaha they come to me in a word it's
okay they're gonna go to good homes I
talked to all zona and I did you have to
promise take good care of them for
Lauren and they said okay but I said you
also had to promise to punch them at
least once a day
oh they said okay no I'm not in the rock
good morning no don't let her trick you
into feeling bad because she already has
a board the subject look at all these
stuffies and it's just stuff he's been
in there too she's hiding
have brought them into my life you can't
have 25,000 why not
I thought understand aren't you happy
that they're going to they're going to
make some other people happy they're
gonna bring happiness to the world
aren't you proud of them yeah yeah I
give them kisses will it make you feel
better okay okay
what welcome to the end of whoops vlog
all the babies in the world talk in
tomorrow's vlog I will be going to
Amsterdam I'm super excited because I've
never been there but then I'm also super
excited to get back because my family
will be here so get ready for a whole
week of family vlogs I hear Malaya and
Andrew have gotten really big since the
last time you guys saw them Oh
I'm Andrew oh I'm so big and tall now oh
so cool I like to fart oh he's too cool
I'm still hoping that I have a growth
spurt
people say I'm I'm like you I'm a little
too old to have growth spurt but if you
guys send me all your positive vibes and
and maybe maybe I'll work you're done
enough you're done they're so old you're
done I just need like three more inches
three more inches to two inches yeah you
know you're done oh another thing I
think you guys might forgotten I am
doing my camera vlog giveaway the one
that I'm filming on right now on my
brother's channel when he hit a million
subscribers he's almost out of nine
subscribers with easily 10,000 away or
$15 close he's close
so this is what this camera go to his
channel right now subscribe and comment
under this vlog that was the vlog I said
you guys had to comment under to enter
to win the camera so that's like I do go
do it and you might get this camera you
could be a youtuber I'm gonna sneeze on
the Berbers and now for the moment
you've all been waiting for the blue
giveaways maybe blue no this is blue he
has a brother that's coming in the mail
and they are both going to two very
special wasabi ins the first one is
Taylor Sebastian from London yay this is
for you can I have the other one just to
represent the other blue
this isn't your blue this is Lawrence
but she looks nice enough to let us use
it to represent the one that's coming in
the mail and this one goes to tea a
Valencia no in the philip ii group now
say your final goodbyes so I really have
to mail them all today
no say yeah all the ones that need to go
or go bye bye
by member memory Kyushu as asleep
hydrate exercise block 1 mm 10,000 steps
a day
wash your toe being every night and and
be nice to people there you go
and good advice and I'm proud of you
it's done it's over all these stuffies
are gone they're your guys's we don't
have them anymore
there's too many in our lives and it's
done celebrate with me so there's no I'm
so glad I'm done with all of Giveaways I
hope they make you guys happy and hope
you treat them well
oh yeah I forgot that I got these and
yesterday's fog so I'll probably be
doing a giveaway very soon so probably
this weekend live alone in Amsterdam
maybe when I get back home I don't know
come back tomorrow and find out we want
some alcohol who does a little toe beans
can you reach across the screen you see
Anna we're the little toe beans don't
you food nope yeah I can
he doesn't even have fingers no just a
dome yeah he'll be topi that's all I got
for you guys today
see you tomorrow till then do me a favor
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling oh you're doing it wrong
what okay bye
ah
