you're a free birthday present this is
something I'm going to tell you but it
won't happen for a while
would you like good have you know what
it is would it be what he do though
today is the day it's been a few months
but it's finally happening I am able to
give Jeremy his birthday present it is
inside this building and he is waiting
for me right now
so let's go find them where are we where
are we
they don't know yet are you nervously
look so nervous I know they don't even
know they don't know you don't even know
no should we tell them now let's wait a
little bit
let's wait well we'll see they figure it
out it'll be in a game well yes the
secret's out he's getting LASIK eye
surgery me really can't see that man
that's like as big as a billboard so the
goal is to show you what you saw with
our glasses right uh-huh our goal is to
do after surgery to see hunger glasses
now you see but better oh he'll be able
to see better than he can those glasses
right now so he has that already the
quad is not really correcting him fully
so I'm basically giving you a superpower
favorite day because this is the test
that they have to do to see if he's able
to actually get the LASIK eye surgery
really this is a moment true none davin
it is waiting okay so this is going to
hurt a lot it's not going to hurt at all
oh that's I miss you never gonna need it
again man just wait now I'm gonna turn
off
a super-agent thing where scan your eye
to make sure your honestly what tell us
what it looks like baby you know man you
had all the girls what you gonna have
supervision man we just got the craziest
news ever
we thought Oh we'll come here we'll have
a consultation we'll look at it I see if
you good like for the procedure and
stuff what he is he's good to go and
they said so do you want to have a
procedure today what we thought I was
going to be like a couple week to send
another plane in my heart right here is
just going you get a perfect vision by
tomorrow maybe the next day by tomorrow
long that look how long have you been
like basically blind like 10 years old
since you're 10 by 9
oh that's like over a decade ago and now
your mother has supervision you're gonna
cry I wish I could be there when you
woke up okay you're good to go Mother's
Day that's it okay guys tell Lauren
because she thinks up coming over her
place and I think okay I'm sorry I'm
sorry just forgive me I didn't mean to
steal your boyfriend's but help you know
anything not a big deal just surgery on
my balls or I have a question yeah what
are the odds that he would develop they
sort of like superpower like is there
any possibility that he would get like
x-ray vision any kind of vision like
supervision no you were asking about
what is this stigmatism so a stigmatism
basically means your point yet is in
France or an area see how 2020 I was a
little bit more like a basketball team
around so our goal is to smooth this out
and have a lot of it and you got a lot
fro money a moral pool yeah so you'll
lay under and this little curved
interface will talk on to your eye by
the way dependent procedure it's really
really fast so this laser will create
this flap in like 13 to 15 seconds Oh
fast dr. Lee will be behind you the
entire time oh cool whoa so one song
okay
oh my god you might be a flat's bro
what's happening there why is all
abducted it's removing it's a laser
removing the tissue by how burning it Oh
be praising that yeah really quick time
for my eye exam I want to see what my
vision is I really don't know I just
assume it's good but I don't know by now
Oh ed she tells me cover your left eye
ok hold on let me get my eyes ready for
this here we go snitching okay okay
ready
easy GCE there right yeah oh all day
es ahd all day boy and over okay
I don't know if I looked that is good T
OCD Oh what is it no I reckon 2015 you
can literally see from my place Annie
and those letters you just read nobody
in this video is in another house small
does what I would have to distance have
to discuss to it wit lashes on and still
couldn't read if he's sitting back and
when I ever in state filming and like to
congratulate you on your decision to
proceed with vision correction for an
event beginning tomorrow we will start
to enjoy a life free and glasses and it
is an incredible in there really meet us
again you ready
are you nervous kinda what you're in a
good vision I can't even drive without
these things alright
on the road without glasses people it's
illegal and I are on say I can't see any
exit times or hotter like speeds or any
so you're like I could like the cars in
front of me so you're like almost as
blind as you can be you would sight
can you read that right now without my
house yeah this was like black blurs
yeah I know chance let me zoom in a
normal person should be able to see that
but you can't you without glasses no you
take off your glasses and see how close
you get to be able to read that AEG
SDP okay good good good that's good so
you're going to see for the first time
in 14 years what you really see
Wellington yeah Oh numbing drops with
the eyeballs before they take them out
before the eyeball removal surgery can I
go in there and look at the machine so
this is the machine that he's going to
lay under and they're going to cut the
top flap off his eyeball and then
vaporize with lasers the astigmatism the
blurriness which is why he can't see and
he does it with in 13 seconds wow this
is a heavy-duty machine
oh she's measuring the pressure does
that mean yeah I'm smart
can we check my pressure do you think
that you're gonna better pressure than
me yeah whatever bro bro you all know
about my pressure game son
you know if it's like throwing anywhere
from like maybe seven to twenty one fine
yeah twenty-one and a ball games have
high little possible mind appointment
what so I was the final I'm I have black
Homburg off oh yeah looks like your
precious does with air pressure there's
no better pressure mean we could be no
GM knowing me
Oh game time
you
oh there it goes oh my god
whoo good job oh my gosh oh you guys I
fool eliezer ooh be on the flat back
like whoa he's got flapped
wanker
oh okay so she just told me if it's not
done I thought it was done but this is
going to be the crazy part that wasn't
the crazy part
ruk that wasn't the greatest art pieces
where they burn it off but you'd need to
slap with that machine this machine
vaporizes it and usually you can smell
it you can't feel anything but you can
smell the the skin burning off
what
know what is insane only humans you
would see do this to humans you'd never
see a dog goes to another dog never see
a fish do this to another fish all just
air bubbles press windows together
Jeremy you got this I'm doing the hard
part my arms getting tired over the
camera up side angle I don't have to get
to hear this but that laser is loud
watching they put the flat back line you
can't see as people that is burn to
watch through to ruin people gross peasy
kinda like DUI I can't wait till you see
the footage they literally peel your
aisle and go up you see um peel back the
line you can you're watching them get
like your visions okay then they peel
off your is it worse than without your
glasses the same that's took during the
start they keep it like Derek when we go
outside give us a some blinders on one
is more dilated any other one the the
left one or my on my left you're done
now next on you wake up you're gonna
perfect vision
GameChanger you feel loopy you sound
loopy a little bit from the row what
they gave you that's a relaxed look I
feel like I'll tell you here of a
toddler
you're not even picking up your feet
when you walk it's like oh you're home
ready yeah I can't see anything
wait did you glasses on take you guys no
it's okay it's out that's up thank you
see this is a little blurry blur yeah
it's gonna be better like in the morning
sexy okay let's go oh great close your
eyes give rise clips
there you go there's a rail I just walk
normal
I would help you but then who's going to
be vlogging so if you can on your own
here okay you walk a few a sideways you
got it oh here we go and we got a watch
skyline okay
shake that's just good girl Lydia speak
just a good girl Skylar gonna meet guppy
one day you can meet them as long as you
promise not to eat them whoa whoa too
bright yeah that's work yeah genius is
it oh my
you're kind of loopy my friends cuz you
don't look at the elevator doors is
about to get braids next 25 feet
sorry go ahead oh you're gonna stay with
me for just till morning I keep an eye
on you well you can take a nap can't
believe that man what ten minutes ten
minutes to surgery uh-huh
for that minute so my wait till wait so
you're healed up it's gonna be worth it
does my eye mask help you feel better
you can't see anything now thank you
like all right
a lot better not gonna you know cookie
little better put my emergency cookie
there you go ha ha ha this guy should be
at home resting his eyes and we were
doing that but then I got bored so I
made him come to the mall and now I get
it walk around without any vision what
because you can't look at son but your
eyeballs everything I do know is me I
got some new sunglasses we just got one
more place to stop and then you can go
to bed step great wait you're gonna keep
going step up there you go done this is
friendship building stuff right here
guys fun are you about to give that that
red iPhone you're about to get it you
got to make a decision we've been here
for like two hours
all right first thing we just saw just
get it you know you want to I didn't
know if they do I heard about the Friday
so you gonna get it or not I don't know
are you free he didn't you know I should
tell you definitely daily on the air
he's getting it you're getting it the
big hair for will who cares oh you like
on every step when we're inside he
doesn't need is like sunblock ago we've
outside it like the sunlight hurts a
nice too much got put them back : why
are we in line right now now that the
fun's almost down you don't need your
blinders can you see better than you did
before you read those okay what wow what
are the odds of that you would be able
to read that before with glasses and
without zero I can't even read the coke
on that I couldn't even read that coke
time at work what is it blowin your mind
cats to your phone let me see your phone
the other one what is that
my grandma and Palestine into the phone
do you know what the why they're red oh
why I do know I know why they're red
because why I know why what are they
raising money for these red iPhones are
for the HIV and AIDS Foundation in
Africa that's why I bought two to give
away to you guys I just bought these so
that the money would go to the proceeds
to that organization but I don't need
these funds already have a good fun so I
guess I'm just going to do a giveaway
who wants a limited edition red iPhone 7
play raise your hand back in the gym
again there's like a whole week in a row
what are we working out today okay nice
is 7:30 in the morning we just got up go
to the real world
you have to go to work but before you go
what do you see is way better
is it was like you should get your
glasses put them in a frame and hang
them on the wall yeah on the wall I
could be like old Jeremy and then you
take a picture of yourself now yeah just
like just like that yeah just like that
I took Jeremy to point out yeah
well I don't want to be late for working
congratulations and happy birthday
long day weary Thank You Man nope uh-oh
look out friend's house have a look
i re-read all that you can't read though
sighs what : not crazy look look all the
oil across the pool welcome to the end
of blog talk I'm so glad that Jeremy
liked his birthday present this is
definitely one of the most gratifying
presents birthday presents I've ever
given anyone ever it's insane that the
human race is able to do something as
incredible as giving sight to the
sightless and just by like vaporizing
part of your eye and then you can see
what and I would not have been able to
give one of my best friends such a
special gift if it wasn't for all the
love and support you guys show every day
so thank you guys for coming back every
day thank you for watching thank you for
liking commenting subscribing everything
you guys do is super appreciated and I'm
going to do everything in my power to
give back any and every chance I get
that's all I have for you guys today
make sure to come back tomorrow for the
final giveaway of the last two stuffy's
the blues and I'm going to Amsterdam
tomorrow and I'm bringing you guys along
see you tomorrow and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it okay bye
ah
