where you later beaver eggs what is what
is B what it no no in case you forgot
there's a giveaway at the end of this
vlog so might as well get it out of the
way subscribe turn to those kids are
like this vlogs right now and comment
but maybe wait till after you watch the
vlog to do the comment part guppy guppy
is a bully he's flat huh boy yeah that
was not a plate at least laughs you in
the face and try to come with a bus you
you hit me the last three times we hung
out you hit me Muslim you hit me the bag
ahead to demonstrate with a masseuse did
do you hit me with the hand sitting
today within the first five minutes of
being here is your guppy okay your guppy
and so ki got your back bro hey don't
bite me I'm trying to help you out stay
chill
hey if if I give you five dollars can I
not go to gym today much every time you
don't want to go to the gym in the honor
dollars yeah we should really every day
that doesn't even sound like me I was
gonna work out today but I'm super sore
we're gonna get swole guppy we gonna get
swole we we call we're gonna get swole
boy this is this is what I wouldn't want
to get to so this is this is large and
in charge but this is fit and healthy
that's what I want to get to Lucy what
are you working out today what back back
yeah
but so I might have gotten super extra
sore and Jim and not picked up the vlog
camera for the rest of the day but it's
okay cuz Lord there yeah yeah no they
only get the similar for another one
talk about the end of one talk yet it's
confused now hold on to your horses
fellas because the rest of this vlog is
about to be exciting and in this bed
super exciting action-packed
but don't worry because there are always
secrets in my life that I'm not allowed
to tell you guys but that's not the case
today today I have a bunch of near
future stuff that's about to happen that
I can tell you about you're gonna want
to write this down I am travelling to a
bunch of different countries in the next
four weeks first I'm going to VidCon
Amsterdam on Thursday
that's this week so if you're an
Amsterdam an Indian what's up that we're
gonna die right after Donna pneumonia
mininum I I think that's right
second we'd be going on a cruise to a
bunch of places though there's like
three different colors for different
look on three different tour stops three
countries three countries four stops
that's going to be exciting and we have
really good Wi-Fi but uh like what
there's Wi-Fi but we don't know how good
it is you told me there's good Wi-Fi
good Wi-Fi but I don't know if I goes
far saying really good why I finally get
there how I won't upload the vlog for
them they got a cleric of theirs I go up
I just I just send this good Wi-Fi
didn't seem really good Wi-Fi you put
that really in there I never shown here
line
third playlist Orlando Florida and
that's going to be may fit to the eighth
oh I forgot to tell you guys the cruise
dates April 21st to the 30th if you
really did get some paper or open
your notepad and your phone and write
these down so you can expect some cruise
vlogs April 21st to 30th and last and
most exciting thing Lauren is going to
YouTube FanFest Manila guitar on a bear
bear know there are a comment no they're
not yeah yeah but I am because we're
both going Lorex is going to YouTube
FanFest
Manila and guess what is going all the
bear bears now they're bears how do they
get back up there
I don't know Erin and Kyle they came
with me last year when I went to YouTube
FanFest Manila and they coming back
again you've never been there never been
there well I have to show you around you
know what my number one request was is
that the bear bears come we can't let
people down we're not going to bring the
bear bear we have to bring the mode of
grows and not do I got less on my plane
because they're so gross they're gonna
get them all their own blades the water
celebrities they're not celebrities yeah
nobody even likes anybody does the gross
that got back Isla rolling only to put
sigh kisaburo these fine super excited
to vlog in all these different countries
in the next four weeks
full-on jet lag and I bring you guys
along for each and every adventure so
feels presentable talk it's not the end
of our talk yet oh yeah whoa well there
by her face cue she keep we gotta buck
face
no you never know if it does but words
ready know that but because it might be
face not to say wow I'm updating you
guys a lot I have another update are you
ready for the song yeah even watching my
vlogs are a lot of time you might
remember that I gave one of my best
friend Jeremy a birthday present but I
didn't tell you guys what it was because
it's going to take a long time to set up
let's do a little flashback
do you have any idea that all of this is
going to be would you like okay that's
your present wasn't that exciting oh yes
definitely bear bear yeah so we're just
poop your pants in my bed
so Jeremy is finally getting his present
tomorrow and you will find out what it
is in the vlogs
it's happening tomorrow mean part of it
is happening tomorrow part yes the
beginning of it again yes I go yeah and
he's nervous I'm nervous I'm nervous and
now it's time for the end of log talk oh
hey hey welcome to the end of vlog talk
I feel like I super just did move it all
for nine different what are you talking
about we both moved an inch to the left
an Izzie yeah so it's different
now it's time to announce the winner of
the two pinky pinky but face kiwis that
seems really harsh nope the one come in
the mail and this one no not that one to
go oh no wait does not does not weird
you later beaver eggs Oh
Luzi now you've heard to pee the hair
out where the rest of them regular Kiwis
other mon year this is our cutest huge
ginger was your chewy I was like you Oh
way down there this Kiwi and the one
going in the mail goes to Sarah new
Bukowski me I just realize I probably
should have given a Kiwi to do two
different people not to cubing to one
person but that's so she can give it to
her best friend or her her sister or
brother or something
lucky for everybody kidding for you you
got a cutie you get a Kiwi and you get a
TV to make it up to you guys I will be
giving away two blues tomorrow to two
separate people and then I would be
giving away two blues and tomorrow's
vlog so be there or be bluelist yep
tomorrow's giveaway is the last stuffy
giveaway I've already given away bear
bear oh boo qe
and now it's time for blue to go
bye-byes hey don't get too attached they
already have new holy goal now to the
future owner of blue you have to be very
delicate cover his ears and turn them
around so they
see he doesn't know that his butt is
sheep differently than the other
stuffy's he has a little tail but he
have no neck so he can't turn around and
see it so don't tell him about his butt
being different until maybe til he's a
little older
so he can understand that it's okay to
have a different shape bite you don't
need to have the same fight okay you can
see just like the log he won't it'll
turn up can't reach the keyboard so you
can't even type it in Toby Toby inside a
last thing I promise this is 8 no more
after this update and this one is gonna
be the most epic for you I'm not going
to like it but you will if this vlog
gets 200,000 likes you know what's going
to happen look at it I'm gonna order a
bear bear a boo boo a kiwi and a blue
and they're all going to go to one
person oh the whole memory
no but there's someone else in the fifth
day remember yeah but we don't we can I
can't give that away if we don't even
have that yet but okay so I think the
practical thing to do here is order to
none for us and one for them yeah we
just got blue we gotta get it to no blue
before we bring another person a family
Oh
memory get this log 200,000 likes and
somebody one lucky with fabien in the
world will get an entire set of memory
Hey look so creepy I mean the make that
face good luck guys
see you tomorrow and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it stop the explosion I protect
you okay you got to put what other faces
into it who's the lucky one uh papers
right here okay bye
ah
ah
