Oh what what she got out what it is
would it be what a dude oh I am about to
leave to go to a meeting and this
meeting could turn into something just
finished my meeting
and it was about possibly may be putting
out some wasabi murder
I haven't done much and forever it's
been years and years and years but the
guys I just talked to seem really cool
material their quality is very high and
we might be doing some work together in
the future I don't know comment down
below what you think that I should make
what he has won top hat hoodie insurance
let me know and by commenting down below
what you want that also interview to win
the giveaway for na boo boo boo boo ever
yesterday let's do C let's do ki week
save your way into Kiwi
end of this vlog but if you're already
described rtmp notifications on and you
already like the club like I just coming
and you're in GG done to eat flute for
you so you can meet your sister and be
friends
fill your tummy up first there you go
six downstairs you gotta go downstairs
doctor honey bun top you know what what
she got out
oh sure she got out she could really be
anywhere guys are freaking out but among
that out Aaron said this happening
before she could be anywhere but I like
white where P she sees we should go Oh
pinkie she got out she got it out of
here then she got in her dust bath cuz
there's dust falling everywhere
she's I didn't hear any more there she
is one bond what it keeps me though
found you I was so scared bumblin what
were you doing under the way to no wires
a dangerous all food okay let's go
here you go come on cousin flit for you
look I got folders oh I dropped your
food don't look just kidding that's like
a rule okay
you can't stand the way forever you
ready to move into the big cage with
your sister come on grace I'd say go I
know she'll get back into this battle
what where is it is she sure look get
him there yeah get in there
yes and we caught a bun ball yes good
girl
you went on a little adventure today
didn't you Oh as soon as Erin gets home
you're going in the big cage I promise
as a friend
what I walked in a home you said all
right a little bit Jim with you but I
got a do I gotta eat huh and I gotta
leave and I go watch the game yeah I
gave you three hours hmm I let you eat
yeah if you chose to sleep enough I was
on you around the game is on now I might
be playing in the gym all right well as
a friend who's going to a lot right now
and needs a friend I need you to get up
and get your toilet wait who's this Jim
you talking about you mean James I know
James okay I don't know Jim Jim well
constant eating real quick no hey look I
want whatever this provides a really
finish Michael Keith what's ahead what
you don't even have to work out what I
do be there for me as a friend in cases
are crying or I need a hugger and during
my workout
you don't go through a lot I can work
out oh can't work out Jim's wool I let's
come back later
let me just let me go I just want to
work out about doing what you
want to do want to do sometimes you
gotta just do it what's today what are
we doing ah nothing you ready
what I wait free to get home did you uh
just pair the chins damn expand its time
colonel
yeah but bun buns healthy she's ready to
go they're ready does new videos one
week I forgot you guys are nocturnal hey
I told I told bun bun that we'll do it
in the morning because you guys are
nocturnal and I forgot
so you're super weak right now and we
should wait til you guys are a little
tired so maybe you care a little less
you have to share your big mansion with
your little sister okay in the morning
it's game time
okay bye now so this is how this works
which is what I thought geez II didn't
like it but it's been in more than once
a month so hopefully they can be simple
it keeps it in the middle so I can't get
to each other but they can interact
Kizer so here we go calm thoughts calm
thoughts yeah go get bun-bun everybody
his friends everybody is the happy and
we're going to be as happy and the
friends and the happy happy friends
happy and cute happy and cute everybody
is happy and kid who is happy she's
happy
who's a cute Gigi's cute the remain calm
remain calm remain calm Bangkok yep
happy hey come on Gigi
she's butterfly she tried to come on be
friends oh oh not cool not cool very
uncool actually what happened to happy
and cute happy and cute and insert that
there you go
bask in each other's dust now you guys
are going to be neighbors for a couple
days we're going to try to pair you
again but if you would stop trying to
bite each other that would be greatly
appreciated back at the gym once again
reprove Zi is push me harder firstly
just hard why are they are haha oh yeah
the other my nigga Suzie oh no I think I
think it sounds like cuz he wins 180
anyways what a team I weigh 260 yeah
sure you do I'm gonna broken up and
everything you want to fail us I'm gonna
go right over there no we gotta work out
all right come on we're busy can I just
ask you one question and well I think is
always on my mind like I don't mind
working out but why is everything so
heavy
ah wait I know but why can't why does it
have to be so heavy heavy that everybody
would go you know wouldn't you want to
be as rewarding
heavy though onehand onehand oh hey hey
ha ha Alton this is me and this is what
I'm going for is gonna be and I want to
get to college they took me to get to
that oh it looks heavy it looks it looks
heavy
in six months hold on this much going to
go as hard as I've ever gone please see
what happens
some people don't believe you they don't
the haters don't but the truth Hopkins
believe I guess good workout
thank you let's go in Flint I got some
stuff I gotta do I think I left my bed
on made I gotta go make my bed hi gummy
you and your friend ready to go I'm gone
to the dog park I'm never taking you
here new takes you with today it's uncle
out to turn go potty do what you do boy
got that not bad guppy shoes about to
pee leave her alone please do the other
thing you do be not exciting how did you
calm down a lot Oh welcome to the end of
log talk welcome to the end of log talk
come on
practice this welcome to the end of vlog
talk welcome to the end of vlog talk
welcome to the end of vlog talk sorry I
missed the vlog yesterday guys this new
workout schedule is kicking my booty my
body has to get used to lifting all this
weight so I need extra sleep and I slept
in yesterday I'm just going to be honest
about it but to make it up to you
today's giveaway I'm giving away two
Kiwis - I ordered one it's in the mail
all the way to me right now but first we
got to get rid of this guy boo boo you
ready to find out the winner
not you Kiwi you're next to date winner
a boo-boo
the clumsy stuffy if air yell as the
Haab congratulations Jay bye now okay
see you later but hopefully not remember
if you want to win one of these stuffy's
you got to subscribe turn on
notifications like this vlog and comment
down below and now it's time for Kiwi
and the Kiwi that's on its way to find
new homes now a little tip for whoever
wins Kiwi you have to be very careful
when you're talking to him because you
might not be talking to his face you
might be talking to his butt because his
face to his butt looks very similar he
got a bug face it looks the same you can
barely tell the difference I don't know
is this the face is this the face is
this the face or is the face I have no
idea because your butt looks like your
face actually for today's giveaway I'm
going to change it up a little bit to
enter to win you have to make sure
you're subscribed liked this vlog turn
on notifications and comment about your
favorite part of today's vlog I want to
know what you guys thought I put a lot
of work into these vlogs vlogging every
day always having the camera on me ready
to go
editing every single night for hours and
hours so I know what you guys think
good luck guys and I hope you win yes
I'm talking to you see you guys tomorrow
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it okay bye
Oh
