hey I said walk mill running what it is
would it be what it dude Oh
as you saw in yes oh you guys come on
don't be camera shy
oh you were already facing it's just
your butt look at your face
like a little you're it does okay you
got a butt face as you saw in
yesterday's vlog this guy's getting a
new home and I'm going to pick the
winner within three hours of today's
vlog going out but I hasn't gone out yet
because it goes up at 3 p.m. and it's
only 11 a.m.
hey stop stop stop stop stop I need them
who who should I give away next pick one
no pick one no pick one no bear bear No
okay another bear bear no yep no no the
bear bear no it's going away at the end
of this log and that also pick a winner
no I'll be the winner just enter if you
enter you might win okay I'll let down
time yes remembered what do you do
come on they're gonna try like good does
it
okay bye now I got two youtubers leaning
for me hey hey stop it no I can't wait
you can't even tell you look the same
walk and see if you can play it off hey
hey I said walk no running good you come
here in it you you hate chicken nugget
oh okay really I gotta go I'm going to
be late
at the first collab today and it is mr.
Josh elekid haha we just made something
awesome incredible and delicious and
colorful here's a little spoiler yeah
here's a little secret that's a piece we
cut off and uh is it delicious
I made it tastes like rainbow horse
rainbows and unicorns oh that's that's
weird I've never eaten a unicorn but if
that's your thing I'm not judging
Richard my hands like French chef behind
hug please it's not just your thumb what
hand hug you know you're that now you
know that's amazing oh that's a good one
home already ready snail and then I show
okay okay let's go no man here's one
he's on his already yeah squeeze you got
another one okay
jelly oh I like it I like it
stick shift that's pretty good all right
I got another club you guys too I'll see
you later all right man let me know if
you ever want to make some more
delicious candies of course at the
beginning of the day I thought this is
going to be a good day I'm going to be
productive efficient and manage my time
wisely and then I stepped in dog poop
it's gross I forgot about it I got in
the over to come back home the uber
drivers looking at me weird didn't
realize it got home and I was like oh
yeah
this dog pooping wish you welcome Alex
Newcomb's off the shoe with Alex's on
first you have to find something Twinkie
preferably a stick if you're on time but
if you're not outside as an improviser
any box rip off a piece make a little
triangle and start to scoop the poop
you're going to want to have a surface
to scoop the poop on too I recommend a
paper plate a piece of paper paper towel
and just just start just stir it up okay
freeze you might want to stretch this is
a tedious job but someone's got to do
this
now roll tissue flush the toilet and
we're onto the next step once you've
loosened everything up you can just kind
of wash it out wash it out and it's like
it never happened
now that you've gotten all the poop off
of your favorite shoes you throw them
away because that's disgusting
the second Club of the day has commenced
and it is with mr. Joey Graceffa second
collab awesome I'm a second class expose
is the number on your robberies love you
know and my last name is Christopher you
know by there's a girl ever
you heard cameras very contrast is it
you don't like it you changed her
settings with you wait Kirk now know
that no I know these camera he showed me
a cool trick if you bought in front of a
ring light you look more beautiful oh
yeah my stomach hurts from the video we
just filmed yeah we just saw the video
on his channel
and now we're at someone to my channel
and I think I'm gonna be like blobs
canceled I'm sick
Oh how's it going I get free promotion
for your channel I have to your mind I
mean suddenly I'm sure oh hey you guys
want a little sneak peek it incorporates
this thing and you know what this is
from previous vlogs finish the video on
my channel and now it is time to depart
good I'm so happy amazing come on man
the fact is this what I'm a squishy a
Berber ha ha nice off a yo you're like
Lauren Lauren loves it
on it you can't as far a giveaway what
I'm kidnapped what okay ah the longer
give away oh how do you enter us yeah
subscribe there you know case you like
fun like this blog and comment anything
down below in your enter to win alright
never get out of here in tomorrow's vlog
I'm going to be putting in a lot of the
finger lift challenges you guys have
been sending me you've been uploading
them to YouTube tweeting them to me tag
me on Instagram
they're awesome I've literally got over
50 videos from all over the world some
of you aren't even speaking English now
I won't be able to put every single one
into the little montage I'm going to
make so I'm going to give you a couple
hints to give you a better chance at
getting your video into the montage have
the people doing the lifting be the
smaller people the lightest the lightest
people so younger people are perfect for
that the person that's being lifted
should be the heaviest so it's more
unbelievable when it works because a lot
of people don't think it's going to work
and then it works and the heavier the
person is the more unbelievable it is
and you're like no I've actually been
getting a lot of tweets from students
saying that their teachers won't let
them do it to them because they think
it's a prank because it's an impossible
thing to do and gravity doesn't work
that way so they won't even let them try
so if you're a teacher and you're
watching just let them pick you up
you'll be fine unless they drop you but
they probably won't if the person that
being lifted doesn't know what's
happening don't explain it to them just
show them because the reaction will be
that much crazier and last thing do not
turn off the camera until everybody's
done reacting in most of these videos
like 90% of the videos somebody's
filming there's five people they lift
the person up that everybody freaks out
and the person on the camera turns it
off so they can go freak out too and you
don't get to see all the awesome
reactions you
like two seconds of reaction and then
they turn it off and I'm like no make
sure to keep the reaction in there
follow all these steps and you'll be in
my next vlog
fo sho now it's time for the end of law
talk welcome to the end of log talk now
to choose a winner of this bear bear I
don't know why you guys want this thing
because it's super gross and his face is
gross and he's not cute at all
gross
but I had to choose a winner I told you
guys before I was going to take a winner
within the first three hours of each
vlog going up so within the first three
hours of this vlog going up someone's
going to win this bear bear but for
today this one goes to Marisa Kim yay
I've already contacted her she's super
excited about it and I'm super excited
to get rid of this gross little bear
Thank You Marissa for subscribing
turning of a notification bell on liking
this vlog and commenting down below now
it's your turn
who wants this bear bear after this guy
there's three more studies to giveaway
so after you enter this one make sure to
enter tomorrow's and tomorrow tomorrow's
and tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow mailing
them all out at the same time at the end
of all the contests so good luck see you
tomorrow and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it okay
bye
