I knew you're still here
what it is would it be what it do dog
this morning I had a little car my
sickness is pretty much gone but now
this and you're contagious you're gonna
get me sick again music I think you
think you're a sick before you came here
in Arizona Phoenix call me yeah so you
have a different thickness so you could
get me sick huh baby
oh my gosh if you give me say again I'm
gonna cry out of my be chewed Lauren is
a busy person chin that time to be sick
so we have to execute plan juice shot so
there's lemon cayenne pepper and ginger
ginger by itself like like spicy lemon
juice ginger by itself is spicy don't do
that just take it just do it that's
spicy just do it show moves that he is a
brave mommy no it's not yes it is it's
so spicy 3 2 1 go Oh My glob oh my gosh
it's already weekend the whole week is
passed already 3 2 1 go big shot big
drink big gulp no it's like so much more
pressure like we're on the diving board
people are counting down here to jump
off even though you don't want to jump
on your a how you got there did you want
go what that wasn't even half the bet
it's so spicy and you didn't you drink a
little tiny bit of beer finish it finish
it finish it finish it finish it finish
it
come on moose is watching kind of and
doing my show at the same time
initiative I need better chaser
you know because I'm all about that
spice I got a spicy lifestyle finish it
oh my gosh I don't get sick maybe I
should finish it me sick oh yes the
popcorn hey mom I don't know if you know
but I all of it all of it oh but it's so
lazy okay dance dancing helps dance
there you go there you go I wonder how
if most things humans are weird most
you're the weird one but I never it is
good they're super weird that's birthday
birthday boy / neighbor not your name
really is your you moved in downstairs
he's good you know you're moving in
someone in yes you is you're gonna be
here tomorrow I know it I'm gonna go to
that same apartment tomorrow I'm gonna
knock and you're gonna answer you gonna
cry tomorrow and you know I don't cry
development is game nobody plays
fortnightly one place who's everyone
I've never played 494 night what is it
good guys dance real quick hey hey get
it get it get it that's the only reason
I like this game if you get to 20 people
left out of 100 then I'll play Oh
how many times have you won once yes
we're gonna favor a day to get it W yeah
32 people only 12 more people and I'm
I'm gonna be a fortnight player come on
up
oh you got 10 more people whoa this is
getting close Brodie outlasted 71 people
are you watching this
we're watching uncle fuzzy in his in his
element hello are you watching fuzzy
under the limit yeah oh look this 21 we
go for what 20 people oh I guess I'm
playing for tonight now oh nine people
no way out of a hundred you're in the
top nine percent time come on man
whatever cyber Oh
Suzie's birthday we about to focus on
food but we gotta get the rest of our
friends and the rest of our friends live
on that side away so I was thinking
should we do like a like a cool guy walk
montage all the way over there kiddo
simple
happy birthday dear buddy
where I went on for tonight oh man
it's not a massage
it is currently the next morning and
phousi said he would be gone by now so
let's see if my best friend is a liar or
not let me restate what's going on I
think that he moved back to LA and he
moved into my building but he says he's
just visiting and he's flying back and
that he had a flight this morning so he
shouldn't be here now let's go see if my
best friend's a liar all right here we
go
is it the floor he better not be lying
to me I'm hoping deep down the whole
thing is not lying me please
blue I'm sorry next so I was gonna take
these right and we got beat up in turn
until it forms stiff peaks not on with
the good job as whites now that I hate
water and mix it with the pancake batter
nibble nibble
complete it's hard to fold like this
baby pancakes
yeah buddy get all of it all of it thank
you so much nothing but it was too much
fool okay go you guys okay ready let's
go turning into a rainbow pancake okay
okay okay okay there is no way that back
is gonna rise up this earth don't you
have lied to me and Mellie are enemies I
think you are mistaken I think you are
mistaken this is gonna be a really good
pancake a good song whoa you're getting
crazy all right
and one two three ah is one thing you
know about pancakes and worst one's
always a water
chocolate chip ripple pancakes so just
one last thing
each oh yeah ready
yeah okay
okay hey what no no his stuff is tell
him he's a flier pants he lied to me and
it's messy in here and he needs a tidy
up and he left the door open
oh this guy
I knew you're still here you said you're
gonna be gone
you live in LA
don't lie to me you move bags here you
lied to me Wow Wow okay hey okay one I
have a shower today's is my best look -
I'm not living in this building
hey I'm leaving tomorrow morning no
you're leaving nothing in the morning
right that's what you said yesterday
I gotta ask you a question yes you were
vlogger the year before right no I was a
longer than a lobby since you tried to
rub that in on me
I was Entertainer of the Year any show
of the year so kiss my butt
hey whoa you are misconstruing this
conversation give me advice since your
entertainer of the year and a show of
the year if you have any advice for the
savvy ins to help me in winning vlog of
the year how many times every day until
February 22nd me once but I think if
they tweet it it's like two votes go to
their school yeah Oh our life and
stickers yes everywhere oh this was a
presidency you should do 2018 Bobby me
vlogging ready together yeah waiting
lucky hey you know what tomorrow is
you guys no way I tell you here's won't
believe it tomorrow is
with 12 year anniversary of wasabi
production every year it's once a year
January 5th is the birth of a cyber
actions that's crazy I'm gonna fall it
now because of that beautiful vote your
vote okay well kind of yes now it's time
to give away the one-of-a-kind wasabi
jacket and I thought next I'll be right
back welcome it to the end a blog talk
here it is the unopened brand-new silver
I think iPhone X and the one of a kind
of sloppy jacket Wow it's a bit weird
not having this in my closet anymore
I've had this for so long last Wednesday
I started the Instagram giveaway for the
iPhone X and for the Mesabi jacket and I
have chosen a winner oh this is so
nerve-wracking for so many people that
means it's making me nervous
okay okay the winner is this person
right here official Kinley hey I would
be the MMU today or your address because
you just got a brand new phone and a
brand new jacket for sure I would be a
me right now but it'll be more exciting
if you wake up tomorrow you're like oh
as opposed to a new vlog maybe I won out
of 1.7 comment entries it could be me
you never know and then you press play
and you watch the ball and it gets to
this part and you hear your name and the
crowd goes wild
oh thank you for everybody this shows
support and enter the contest I will be
doing more all my Instagram so go to
Alex Lobby and follow me cuz I be posted
on that dope dope today see you tomorrow
and until then don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye
