ah it's the newest member of the
bareback summary what it is what it be
wouldn't do today is officially my
birthday hey hey okay open your mouth
what is that oh my god go ahead you
can't be nothing all caps are for humans
hazard you can't eat that either why I
have known responsible to put you both
on leashes to start off my birthday
we're gonna watch one of my favorite
movies a goofy movie the first one not
the second one and she's ever seen it
you believe that she's never seen a
goofy movie
shame on you cried chef Cardoz jellied
you have you the skin to be you know get
him took it put them out I'm coming now
I'll call my eyes closed okay okay okay
and now love to the ground they will
assume okay yeah nothing go back at
night
whoa little way that's a lot of ribbons
this is probably the most present I've
ever gotten over a day ever
what what are they knickknacks okay look
it's so many are they all from you oh my
god what a day that's a lot of presents
okay gonna open them okay come back now
so many brothers oh isn't that great
goodnight
oh yeah this is gonna be super fast you
know on there oh I just played this game
one your day lets you channel it sucks
really the fun yeah we'll be tonight
okay okay
oh you think I'm a jerk you think I got
I can make three wishes I'm summoning
dragon moving to Atlanta okay a charging
for kiss Oh My glob whoa cool shit yeah
is it a map you scratch we did the
scratch off map that's the key right now
I have the thing where you piss in it
but I'd rather scratch you off
all right let's see more fun like a
freaking kiss
yeah josh is like a touch too light oh
and it has a worm woman Abbi doesn't
support you've gotten somebody you know
I'll never do to get this one yeah oh my
god is a new course yeah
oh hi Pete do you like it
look at this us and I feel we have
gained stations for my birthday party Oh
until we're about in a bit weird about
it okay I can't explain it to you guys
again I'm going to need to set up your
video I also put it in four years what
slope uncle aah door closes our visit
one run in our business was this cousin
for me the back dresser
it's exactly like a back roller down
Pete grab one the clap full bottle Wow
oh there we go oh no I know cloud please
what up hold up it works me yeah oh
that's a secret one - oh I never lose my
keys ever again it's a thoughtful nature
Oh like this I could take them in turn
I've been really important the never
Megan wait let me clarify
political where did it go oh I can't
believe how good all these problems are
what water pokemon basketball on that
whoa
so we have a couple pull on that bomb
camps and I'm a pokemon trainer and a
Super Saiyan that of unicorn heart
resistant and Cantonese it's really my
video
Oh chug eat it yeah uh you look hard
haha carry on communicant work take it
the vacuum pump I ever did have only a
poor give oh it's the newest member of
the firebase robbery no his name is blue
ah I can't believe instead another one
so we're never going to get the fixed
one ever right right never weary inform
we don't need this one oh my god you
just trying to make me a fat fat fatty
fat we're doing another party it could
be boring
oh I like a big one thank you pop out
led entertaining colors star master ah
that's more that's means that for later
come look at that oh my gosh the
showerhead might change our it can't
come to the temperature and thank you I
like it
Oh emergency underwear it is underwear
in here I get you fall no way on a hole
where it fits in here well the whole
pair mono or folded in here for what I
do need this I'm gonna care this would
be find on your front tire if you
actually put your pants because I've
extra nitrogen I'm going to just going
to be used a little next month oh thank
you oh thanks Carter
Oh oh no everyone tonight
BCD until 10:00 parts of the Trax makes
and misses via bluetooth wait so it
works that's me
Oh telling my percentage of free throws
I've made the range I shot it from if
you could play with it in a game it can
keep score for the beam no I can't
I like it thank you
don't alarm either tab you can enter
full into it so it's like an l1 gr o
tickets here you can see your shot it's
just the laser people that's crazy
are you gonna kill me like super later
what I'm going to super doll eyes thank
you
I'm one lucky boyfriend not going to
take a background in building the Ring
Ding things and we do we do anything to
me going to maybe make me except to
Laura's present to me is massages my get
massage time to relax before things get
weird
Lauren parent got me something so I got
him something you got me something so I
got you something you know that what
happens at 8 million subscribers right
no we give away favor
oh ok well then can we give away boo-boo
I mean blue know that blue I can wait
whoo I can't get my blue or a bear bear
what about this blue wait I'm so
confused
can you wait what about this one you
guys it's their bear away I can't give
it away
hello this one can't you that one away
by this one Oh what wait this one I'll
give this one away no okay this is it
huh give this one away really what these
aren't even the originals except for
that one blue hey I got you no way they
got a gob of bargains I promise I made a
promise
hey Lauren Lauren Lauren and give me
poopoo berry blue
blah blah I look come back here
hey hey hey Lauren I really there for
the last time for my promise
you can't keep all of them you said I
could go away a bear bear but not be
bear bear but now I love them all you
can't have them
yo they're all my children no no a
different one
no I might wonder more you're gonna keep
those two oh come on say goodbye they
have to go to a new home why they're
supposed to be like beige nothing has
supposed to be beige you just have dirty
stuffed animals these are clean stop
petting them what are you doing I want
to give them good homes we can't take
care of the paint since we can't afford
this many kids you know we can you want
my kids don't we have a carbon kid I
said I wanted two or three not 1600 blue
Kiwi bear bear blue bear bear Blue
Ribbon ah what Savi ha ha ha
even crying for like 20 minutes oh you
can keep one extra one then blew it one
of these blues is already ours you got
me that for my birthday I got you this
for my birthday what they are soft
ugly soft you hold on you have owned
where you're like wow you're great
love it love it ok pick one the rest are
being stripped away from their brothers
and sisters glad anything about it nope
I need a thing about it ok and the end
of all talk you have a pick one okay oh
the party is just hang out here okay
good night and I can make an egg and I
can I can hey come on come come the
party has been set
Wow look we rearranged behind stuff up
look look we got a snack we got games
and we got music it could be a lot of
fun hey the first people to show up are
the homeys Jeremy right side we listen
come like King O'Connor okay call
would've been cool but Connors Goku
hey can I ask you a question what's this
what is your shirt that you're ready to
get weird
thank you go put a shirt on oh he knows
I'm a bunch of my friends don't believe
that the finger lift challenge is real
so I'm going to show them and realize
right now are hungry mystic Artes can
110 one two three go got a big one so
much three two one go I know what is
that sorcery what is that
look at it no such airs what is it scare
have you done this yet you done yet babe
all time a little bit wait wait I need
anything tight no no it's the same way
three two one go what the word right so
how does this work you tried the first
time right I don't know what it means I
don't know you try to help it right yeah
I know I know
okay oh okay you guys got them a little
bit but why tell how he goes next
connect do one go right right I know
hi come here
hi girls your tan go right I don't know
why
oh go your turn go go go
is the electrode shot instead Alexis
ocular light let's go I'm so stressed
out oh who got shot I got scared good
very like that the middle I'm hoping to
shove yeah I took a pretty shot new
house again yeah I hear you don't even
though this is like number two three
little five is really hard
welcome to the end of vlog talk that was
the most epic birthday party I've ever
had
thank you to all my friends for coming
by yesterday and thank you to the wasabi
ins for all the birthday wishes you guys
sent me I read every single one so if
you send me one know that I saw it you
guys are the best I have to give the
biggest thanks to my girlfriend Lauren
she has the best girlfriend in the
entire world not only did she give me
more presents than I've ever received in
one day ever
she planned the whole thing she set up a
decoration she got the sack she's got
this drink she invited everybody and
she's my everything
thank you baby now if you remember I
said that when I hit eight million
subscribers I was going to do a giveaway
and I said I was going to give away one
bear bear but it looks like I'm giving
away five stuffies this one is Lauren's
and I said she could have one more to
keep to herself out of all these so I'm
actually giving away
five-five stuffers the giveaway starts
tomorrow I'll explain how to enter to
win in tomorrow's vlogs and also in
tomorrow's vlog I'll be posting a bunch
of the fingerless challenges that you
guys have been sending me in the vlog so
see you tomorrow until then don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
Oh
