you know what's happening in like 27
minutes this is solar eclipse no you
guys are getting married sniffle you
guys are moving out No Oh would it what
it is would it be what it do Joe this is
my first time ever playing on the switch
we both have a controller and it's
called quick-draw so I'm assuming we
have to shoot each other you press the
trigger lower your cost with a model
face in the glass okay hi oh hi
do we both what happened oh yeah well I
just dropped on her now wearable for me
so dead and you get tumbleweed huh are
you renting a gun oh yeah super died you
oh you went up before I even got up they
call me tell me the gun Wow
oh my protector eating contest get it
I'm very good at either I've been doing
it my whole life oh yeah yeah hurry
faster you got a two-year prison zero
two three four five okay four four
that's good we have to be quiet all
right
oh okay I'll go bad six seven eight hey
Wow
my blade of wisdom has been caught me oh
yes started to think about one penny /
okay oh this is sword fight you're
blocking video you can move around more
then you could back up
hi guys it's not my birthday yet so why
you giving me this present because I
want you to be comfortable my birthday
tomorrow I want you be humble everything
on the round right okay there's a robe
it's the softest roll number one rate is
okay hold on
Oh buddy
very very contact number one rated
comfortable with roba hello
waiting to see what else is in that
black box what is it
oh I hope they can try them on over zip
it oh my new elephant for the next year
eh I don't leave all the poison I see
thank you no problem
ah this is your cue part of your three
parts kit so part 1 part 2 and there's
one more tomorrow a Wednesday actually
on Wednesday Wednesday ask Robert yeah I
only do before neither actually do
birthdays they well you got me this to
be comfy when I'm going to sleep I got
you something to become too when you're
going to sleep it's not my birthday
I know but it's my birthday so you get
something to pull okay
cool guys okay hold it don't look at it
hold it
we've done yeah that's crazy
oh yeah good one oh go let's go
guppy I would like to introduce you to
the guppy bed it looks so good
what is it could be within you what it's
you it look like a fog going off the bed
they're like so cool yeah yeah well but
there's no girl walking like all has to
hide when guppy gets carried up the
stairs you think she's walking
Chloe copy you can't make it keep
walking
today go keep going good job
hiccuping you're being a good boy doing
your best you get to treat yeah all
right you guys want to see a bunch of
got beat up as you see his whole channel
is got me stuck hey Dalton man so go
subscribe you weren't here for the video
we shot yesterday you were an acting
class so I want you to watch it and see
what you think could give you watch it
too yep Duffy are you watching
I even subscribe no leave Network there
is I know the way to get to get sees me
crane he really well this time you
probably I don't even oh really yeah
okay did you find him yeah Romeo that's
true I probably I probably probably all
me yeah maybe I don't know let's let's
let's till the end of the video if you
happen is that exactly what I thought
people were gonna think when they was it
we're gonna do this a dad when they come
we're going to all do it with Andrew and
everybody you know dad three two one go
I tell you there's no Jake Cameron no
I'm sure as me there's no way I bet the
poly wouldn't always go together I know
I know I know
I don't understand it either call me
with the whole time he's a burrito
scrappy double wheat oh when I was back
in Atlanta I told you guys I was going
to work out hard I've ever worked out
for the next six months and I just got
back a couple days ago have a go to the
gym but these guys are going to go with
me this time so I can do any heavier
weights so I can be big and strong just
like you guys there's going to be a
bunch of a long game here doesn't be so
many people are in here enough a lot of
people Oh can't work out just well guys
you're welcome it's a man come out what
is the wood this is a sign you have to
work out my arms are already so heavy
let's send a thousand left and I'm at 8
million really yeah we got to hurry up
and finish working out so I don't missed
it this looks like I'm not about to lift
a lot but we this is like near the end
of the workout so you see my face
struggling just know that I lifted a lot
heavier weights earlier here hold it God
easy I was walking through the lobby
another come on
hi Lauren gonna see something mean got
something to show you
yeah climb keep walking keep walking
call your cousin cousin close up okay
open them
oh my god we should put our clusters on
I know Aaron's been with but ones the
elbows where folks shirts always be
awesome
amen yes explain to do to my wasabi ins
yo you have to explain to do how you are
able to live people well they're mad
that I said the day before you you're
going to be in Italy oh that's not the
guys I look I would do something that I
forgot about it's 100% my fault
wasabi I'm sorry please forgive me now
you believe there it is I believe it
because I saw it happen yo it doesn't
make me it doesn't make sense I don't
think any I don't know I don't like it a
few people are thinking to take why not
everybody collects amis and yo how'd you
do it for real for real how to do it if
you haven't given explanation you had is
what were just like because I think I
have an idea I think it's just like I
think it's our brains thinking like a
static energy he's working right he
works if you guys are watching this and
you're trying to think who should we do
this - who would be good when you're
with a group of friends to pick up and
that's your teacher if you're in my god
if you're in flat ass credit you get
extra credit if you can victor teacher
 it don't even show him with video
don't okay yeah Sean's videos I can fly
but if they go through the roof because
you don't like them either stuff happens
so what fine fine we don't care but it
happened they were
I'm excited keep sending me videos on
Twitter all I want to see here we're
sending off kind of their dad what is
the name of it what's the name of it I
called it the finger love child nobody
can't you know it's papa time yes I did
right back home yeah well you can't
touch it you can't do it oh do your knee
go
you didn't your knee was dad close no
dad close okay we're late let's go movie
time
movie time me my friends go to movie
time they are fun I like it a lot now
watch me it sound like a robot
however engineer we come you guys notice
the yellow beverage movie solved as
butter she also follows 15,000 other
people but but I don't care it still
counts I can't we're about to watch
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers Mighty
Morphin is the original first type of
power there ever was and that's what I
grew up with and I'm super excited to
see this the blue Power Ranger in the TV
show was the best pal Ranger what what
he he's the one he's the smartest one we
solved the day all about the Red Ranger
room no the blue are you the Red Ranger
be nothing with the computer I want a
leader yeah but what about the green in
the white one
they're also on vital roles but then
we're not gonna be this guy
what are you trying to thank you know
what's happening in like 27 minutes
there's a solar eclipse hmm you guys are
getting married no you guys are moving
out no oh how can you know this
oh I don't know good cookies milk for my
cookies Robert a cookie level make I
like that okay okay okay it's almost my
birthday it's almost on birthday so my
birthday cookies are in the oven right
now they're almost done good runs like
it's Laurie got about the candy I'm
trying to be healthy our diet but it's
okay for tonight
hey guys welcome to the end of log talk
I know my birthday just started but you
guys have made it one of the best
birthdays ever not only is it my
birthday but for the first time ever we
hit a million subscriber milestone on
the same day that's right we hit 8
million with sabe ins that is insane oh
my gosh thank you guys so much for
everything you do for every like every
comment every tweet every everything
thank you you guys are super loving the
finger lift challenge I've already
gotten like 4 videos from you guys on
Twitter of you guys doing it to your dad
your teachers your grandpa keep sending
them because sometime in the near future
and upcoming vlog I'm going to put all
of your guys's videos you send me into a
vlog so look for that keep sending them
it's going to be awesome definitely have
to yes today I'm going to be vlogging my
entire birthday party so come back
tomorrow
so you can come too see you then and
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong ok bye
