one two three go what it is what if he
wouldn't do oh I'm a lobby and I'm about
to blow your mind
I have a bunch of friends here and no
one knows what's about to happen except
for this one cuz she showed this to me
and I had to show it to you guys so
let's get started so help me Allison
I have my friend Tina now I love you
perfection how much you wanted okay so
what about do you think that me and four
of these girls can pick you up in the
air with different leader at that point
you don't need to have it okay let's try
the top everybody choices and you see
yours right yeah yeah right there and
you get two years under is me I don't
like not agree we all up okay ready one
two three go 200% maximum effort ready
set go
nothing so looks like you were right
yeah or worried you know we have to
combine our powers and we're going to be
able to do that this is how we do it
going in order where all the car hands
over his head like this and still hold
our hands are you go first and don't let
him you put him up there there there
well boom boom now yes one top is
anything off one by one there okay now
you guys think reveal oh good they don't
know what happens but we're going to do
it ready one two three go
give it up for the percent and once I
had a hard work do you think that's
crazy
he's fearless particular certainly 2%
yeah professor rankled oh that was cool
I think we came here anyways 262 degrees
now okay 263 yes now my friend we have a
super believe this is a lot of weight
let's try it first adopts connecting one
yeah
I can't pull something okay
now let's combine our powers this series
will happen okay well I feel it I feel
the power here we go guys here we go
ready huh one two three go well I don't
know it's is when we combine our knives
be able to do it I don't know the
science behind it is okay you weigh 200
what where's where the strings are you
feel that we tried the first time
absolutely and the second size what was
the difference what up sure you're not
gonna giving a second
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha now we have to take
it up one more level just thinking you
guys watching at home think I'm doing
all the work in lifting I'm gonna step
out and on my friend wanna step in this
is five girls flirting after like 263
town man we're going to try it without
combining power three two one go
and now yachting it I don't know if it's
gonna work I'm gonna watch it serious
goodbye flowers no talking focus okay
Garth off-screen this medication
three two one go so that was a fail but
they touched hands just to clarify when
you're combining powers you can't touch
man
and you have to go in order when you're
taking a back out where it won't work so
let's try again
ready three two one Hey yes don't worry
that's for me yeah I have a question so
I am filming a YouTube video
do you ever watch YouTube we're doing
this cool challenge where we pick people
up and I was wondering if we could pick
you up I'll give you $100 and it's me
and some of them we're gonna pick you up
in the air and then please back down me
and then you can leave are you guys
gonna feel yeah alright
okay yeah right
see right here yeah can I ask them with
you a sure how much do you weigh
Carlini q28 okay I think we can do it
you guys think we could do it look
they're just gonna use their fingers and
pick you up in there they're gonna pick
you up good hi oh okay wait wait okay
they're going to combine their powers
okay now they're going to try again
three two one go
it's crazy right
oh that's all is off yesterday make sure
to subscribe like this video sharing
this video with your friends try it at
school and tag your favorite youtubers
to try it next send me the videos on
Twitter if you guys do it and I'll
retweet you won't believe it until you
try it
see you tomorrow and until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong okay
bye
Oh
ah
Oh
