let's just get it over with I hope you
do punch me then proof what it is what
it be woody don't go the project that
we've been working on all week here in
Atlanta is over it's done we had him
back to the other side of the country to
the land is no pollen la she's a good
one this entire trip
I think she's secretly trying to suck
all the oxygen out of the room I am I
need all of it
Cher no I need oxygen you can't out
sniffle me there's an option for me
I can't have as much right I'm gonna
punch you at the airport before we leave
I'm gonna punch you right horde I've
been practicing all week I still think I
may be wrong
ha ha ha just wait just wait already
then Lauren said she was gonna punch me
anymore because she loves me and she's a
loving girlfriend you know yes why are
you get the punch me again
you take it oh yeah Tara punch paper
write whatever on a daily basis do you
mean I think that is ya know I think
it's time very good you want to stretch
you want to say you don't understand
you got to get the biggest punch you
like right now Lauren you hold this I'm
gonna punch him Thank You presence
Oh
Oh
yeah you just want to always our legs
yeah you might want to go to your doctor
about that yeah now get out of here get
out of here hey that's my bag that's my
bag okay did you see me punch Brad I did
good okay no more plans in prison no how
about we not do that and we say we did
tonight oh my gosh that's formidable and
we get practice what I know to expect
Wow
before heading home we had to make a pit
stop for these guys dollar a muffin
dolly with love and you stick to thank
you Fagin whole word it's you and you
stink so bad and I love it it's like
doodoo butter time I showered oh my god
they matched you man you had like I
didn't want to tell you but you kind of
stink no no like I thought it was Brad
but it's definitely you do you take a
shower today
Oh yesterday yeah well you didn't scrub
hard enough my friend is living that
Tinky Tinky life you're allowed to smile
when you're going through braces Oh
oh my god I still don't believe this is
the real dog I think it's a toy copy I'm
back I know they cover so long I miss
you where's your clothes you don't need
to call anymore
cuz you're a big boy now you're a big
boy now
hi chichi you miss me miss me chichi I
miss you and you see you cutie you ready
to share your mansion with bun bun she's
all healed up now you guys can be best
friends I'm gonna go see how bun bun is
doing okay
okay bun-bun
Wow look at you oh oh no comment no
click in there click in there
go back in there no escape a today no
Scott made no escaping oh yeah you need
to dust that though your move over
future I'll take that as a yes
super tired have not gone used to the
time zone difference and we're up until
like 5 a.m. every night for an entire
week but I couldn't let my girl down
Lily she's having a book release and
this is her party wow this is a pistol
whoa you guys think I can make a book
the answer to that isn't it hey Mauro
we're going to fill the video tomorrow
you're gonna pull vanilla bean well
we're not full video tomorrow okay yeah
we're going to pull the video tomorrow
all of us they don't know what it is but
it's going to be awesome just wait hi
Lily
I like your book I'm going through I'm
gonna take ten coffee foam top of what
I thought it was horrid okay I like it
on you are you ready let's just get it
over with
I bought you a do plenty then proof
that's gross
that's my girlfriend everybody take a
jack off I'll hold it wait I put in my
veins in the stomach okay wait wait you
look great three two one go okay was you
as good letting you run cream go
what could you move hey girl fell oh I
heard it I heard it I heard it I heard
it it's like a little bee sting a really
strong beating Logan
look oh yeah hey Logan I have a question
everybody oh goody earlier yes and we
talked about what's happening tomorrow
but what exactly do you know about
tomorrow I've been told three times yeah
by multiple people that I get to wear a
diaper all I know because I'm gonna
prove myself from excitement have they
seen it no they haven't seen it you
haven't seen it I reach their desire to
the top bro just wait I can't even like
explain how crazy this is gonna be all
reaction
no you won't there's no way you will
have a dull reaction okay okay you could
be like been up for 72 hours and you'll
still be like no no this is I kid you
not going to be the most exciting part
of my day tomorrow this way just wait
no way it's a superpower you don't even
know you can do this until you do it and
you're going to see us do it you still
not get that you can do it until you do
it and then you can be like how did that
just happen
okay you lost them in the first one but
I'm with it it's physically impossible
but it's possible okay just wait for a
good tomorrow tomorrow welcome to the
end of blog talk by only back in LA and
it's time to catch up on live super busy
day today but tonight I'm having a bunch
of friends come over so that I can show
you this insane thing and then kind of
blow your mind I promise you're going to
come back tomorrow watch this video go
to school the next day show all your
friends and no one is going to believe
you you're going to watch me do it and
be like that's impossible he's using
wires I'm not and you won't believe me
until you do it and then you'll be like
hey how does this work
Alex and Alex will be like I have no
idea I just know it works I don't know
the science behind it but it works so
you're not going to want to miss out and
last thing today is the 26 my birthday
is on the 28th that's two days and we're
like really close to eight million
subscribers what if I hit eight million
on my birthday
that's great see you guys tomorrow and
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong okay bye
Oh
ah
Oh
