oh really ready know exactly really know
that's a rough idea on new new vodka so
no fuck about a a new new vlog South you
know blog is uh are you ready for
today's adventures we have made it to
our destination and it is the Atlanta
bicycle barn we are going to take bikes
and ride around Atlanta Lauren like
these bikes but she's super feeling
disliked but I'm feeling this by I've
never heard this tandem bike but it's so
cool for two people and I really want to
but she wants her own bike why don't you
want the tender bike but you're gonna
die on his no no it's gonna be so fun I
was right together as a team of team
Lorex no references where we get to see
first practice 200 100 is two or more in
a tandem back position oh oh
this decides the trip because you could
to get to get your kissing team we're on
the table we're on the stand okay I
don't know what's going to work out oh
okay okay oh my God we're going we're
going to are you we're doing a test run
all gone in the parking lot I feel weird
that I have no control over break their
steering I got everything
so stressful I got it I got it baby
wishes so otherwise the other one yeah
this is scary really ready know exactly
really no that's the whole idea one
quick I thought okay this is really bad
alright this is one of those bikes where
there's no handbrake it's the back pedal
brakes and Heather is in one of these
those little so I got to get used to it
hurry up the montage is waiting to start
come on everybody's waiting for it
there you go goodbye
like I do some tricks yeah you're right
oh oh though hoping you're gonna do some
tricks for us oh my god whoa whoa I
can't even do that okay
oh I think I could do that one oh I
can't do that one oh thank you
notification and subscribe nice
same-same nice I didn't even yeah I
Lauren Lauren yes I she's okay I have
Rach
all right my girl like know now how to
kidnap you for no obvious client what
the Roswell girl on this page you throw
your face way the do me a favor
prosecute Cobb later but only for you
I'll okay Wow alright alright Adams good
I get really sit by tough on yeah okay
oh that's exactly how you do it she
holding do it Alex you push with your
fight
oh oh why did you told me I was feeling
yeah he was tired me to put my yuka-chan
all up on ice what do you have any
videos up now
first stop punch is a coffee but oh I
don't know on display come on hey come
on city market it's kind of cute
it's kind of cute kind of cute oh this
place is where you can get a bunch of
food and it's like a mall whoa this is a
large place
oh my gosh that's not far down because
my girlfriend so famous
it's so my girlfriend right that kid
you're not really going to see that kids
doesn't happen but why are you with my
hand then hey did we just make a
purchase no yeah we did what did you get
I see great but let me see you got what
is this wait that looks super familiar
it looks like I got imagining lies Oh
are we letting their growth you guys
we're gonna make your boyfriend jealous
he'll Peyton's gonna be like
now we test if a girl buys a boyfriend
clothes he has to wear it even if he
doesn't like it because the girlfriend
likes it and she bought it for him the
same way for guys boyfriends to
girlfriend stuff like my life not really
lucky you something I think is cute
always to the roof what they'll Park I
know
garland Park this is the 9 mile station
restaurant which is on top of the roof
and look at this view
downtown downtown LA we out here
done are we done okay let's pay for this
and get off the roof it's cold it's
windy
how many pieces am I taking for you so
far three are you that it yeah it sure
is not 300 hundred okay had a fun day
biking at wherever we biked
belt lines for miles miles and it was a
lot of fun how the valley but like like
Tomas total that's more than one haha
and now it is time to end the night with
speedy and uh be finally going to see
beauty in these we've been waiting and
excited to see it and we're hoping they
do it with all the Disney movies I was
they do a lot in real life what else I
realized
mystical mean real-life you want to
realize me we can do this I can't feel
sea otters and minion
we can't just steal things if you want
it learn about how the world works
I'm hangry Beauty and the Beast what
felt good
oh so good I thought it was going to be
just a remake of the movie but that's
not it they went into the characters
very deep about why the Beast is the way
he is what happened to Belle why it's
only her like her and the dad and they
went deep into the characters of the
five characters and everything happened
it was crazy
did you at watch mutant beast was it
good oh good I know I can't get over
what will be what are you doing here I
just wanted to join your complication
okay Laurie couple destination vacation
cuz I'm feeling fat oh yeah what do you
think about the movie I feel like I live
the bees I knew you were wrong they
added anything at the end oh yeah
letting her go yeah yeah yeah my door
and waited for somebody to come back you
if you love me let it go and if it
returns and it was me
so I'm the Beast and I lost my beauty
hey you a good-looking beat though oh I
can't wait till they remake other
disease and explain so much more like
Aladdin how did he become a street rat
how did he become what happened like was
he an orphan did he lose his parents
what happened what about jasmine where
is the Fulton's life this is so many
possibilities Disney blew my mind I want
them to make Hercules you know what
you're doing yeah what that Disney yeah
the core team vers it all if they make
that in real life
oh I just can't I can't
there's me always like take some stuff
forward and I was just like I was
expecting to watch the animated version
just in real life but they made it ha
Isaac I got technical for us I got part
of all those Marga back you done
you're in my vlogs enough you don't need
any more airtime
welcome to the end of vlog talk you me
so puffy because he's been punched the
least this is the Beauty and the Beast
if you haven't gone to see it go see it
I'm probably going to see it again and I
never see movies twice in theaters
because too fresh in my mind that one
I'm down to a CDN
yes mm-hmm okay we got matching
bracelets
yeah actually love bracelets
mm-hmm yep because we're cool I got a
silver one because I was wear a silver
bracelet so much - she got a gold one
because it always matches your gold
bracelet you wear every day another
thing because we love each other I got a
lot together yes and last thing I have
to talk about is that dude tried to
steal my girlfriend Hayden that's my
lover hey he rapped for me you know rap
for me yo yo check it
ah yo it's your boy Ali and you my girl
you look so cute sometimes I got a hurl
and I kick your face so much because it
tastes good and I'm gonna hold hand
every day like I should no hidden
forever yeah
the tikar project that we came to
Atlanta for in the first place is
finally starting tomorrow but don't
worry I'm still gonna put the vlog or
something every day whether it's a
challenge experiment something awesome
for you to view with your Ebola I felt
so sure you Kiwis secret talent Kiwi
doesn't have any talents Oh none of them
have talent
steal oh okay tomorrow you're gonna tell
us well maybe you got to be nice it up
they stink you smelly in fact you are
thinking like that this is true that's
how happy guys today see you tomorrow
when we finally find out what Kiwis
secret talent is particular and until
then do remember don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it ha ha ha ha you already been to
Kiwi okay why
Oh
Oh
Oh
