I have two babies what I never knew new
blog is out newt newt baggage uh what it
is would it be what it do go I spent all
day packing for the next mini secret
Lorex destination vacation that Lauren
and I are flying to in the morning got
my stuff packed got my backpack packed
and it's time to say my goodbyes your
hat got football I got to tell you
something I gotta tell you something I
gotta tell you something hey buddy yeah
I know I know you tell me that every
time we talk I have something I have to
tell you and you're gonna want to brace
yourself for this I have to leave town
for an entire week just that I leave
doesn't mean I don't love you yes I'll
be back soon
hi Gigi
I assume that you overheard me and guppy
talking over there and uh you know I
just I gotta go you're going to be proud
of me though it's going to be a fun fun
little trip half work out vacation but
it's for you it's for you you know what
you know what here sure I'll give you a
dust bath before I go get on in there
what what come on you're not done yet
your bathrooms are done get back in
there ROG spin
good job yes Bigfoot hey let's see if
bun-bun wants to get out on this fun hey
guys don't freak out they haven't seen
each other in like two months right
oh no don't freak out TV come on we're
just letting you take a bath next to
each other
and when I get back then we're going to
try to pair you again and hopefully
Gigi's nice hole hole chichi
as the closest they've been in forever
she's actually comedy yeah this is weird
Glen Bunyan is not at 100% you're still
kind of looking like Gandalf but soon
you'll be fluffy and full just like your
sister
here just say hi no Gigi hey hey don't
jump in there buns on don't whoa oh geez
oh geez whoa chichi
last night she better face she bit buns
on face okay wow this is good this is
good we're making progress guys nobody's
fighting
we're just being good sisters oh whoa I
don't know if Kiki's like getting ready
to attack or what's going on okay well
wait till we get back for this I haven't
given you guys an update on bun bun in a
while because she was healing and she
needed her recovery time but as you can
see all the skin on her face is full all
the skin on her butt has hair on it
again and she's doing really good she
has a doctor's appointment to make sure
that she's still on the right path but
we're very proud of you bun bun yeah
good girl yeah good girl get in your
wheel yeah who's the healthy chinchilla
you are feeling you can go to the same
big cage with chichi
just wait till I get back because I
don't want to miss it see you in a week
take care of our kids nothing ever can
we go to the dog park and Ranger Kiki
alone together no not without me what
wait just wait I get back Michael mom
you're not packed yet what is this - I
believe in less than like six hours
thank you look at it yeah I take a
whitener teeth break okay I take nap
good night no hope always waiting our
teeth we had to make sure there is
yellow and possible so we were dessert
in the form of high cherry pie
ah apple crumble hi oh ye we don't have
the brightest mountain and all of
YouTube open yeah I'm not doing whoo
not now see death oh I'm a thorough put
to thumbing on this is a mouthguard get
me here you did this
wait why would you throw up don't know
you don't know this game with a teeth
chart to show the shape that you have
and then they can see if they fit let me
quit let me check ah sick according to
this we have to boil these and then move
into our piece before we can even do
over some stuff but Lauren has my
birthday present in this room and I'm
not allowed to look so I have to close
my eyes just to leave you through but I
mean you guys can't look either because
because what I'm editing on my pho so
I'll just to die like this wait I can't
see help me
can't see don't hit me into anything
please I know you want to don't do it
thank you your step
I'm scared every other okay step one
will water put water in the pot tonight
so says now we place these is the here
one by one for 10 seconds then put in
our mouth oh my got one big bad
like all our pitching plans mm-hmm whoa
that's my teeth hi my turn
whoa it worked and then you had to place
it in cold water for 15 seconds so it
solidified yeah that's kind of painful
because we're discussing it up just a
sec hello ever in you he's just a watch
I don't know where your husband how are
your mouths been Go Go Go move to the
classic rustic public I thought PFT I
see plastic already first level two
we need to put this in our mouth as a
visit our mouth and try it on for 30
minutes the reason has bright light in
our face for three minutes
make sure oh there's two the main reason
I'm nervous because this is not a real
tooth this is a fake tooth in Hawaii I
broke this wall of California and it
just completely popped out hopefully it
still matches after this ha ha a few
moments later 30 minutes later how long
do the for thinking 15 minutes but if
their visual features didn't go why it
didn't do anything
how did it we're not gentle in there and
let me okay as soon as we get back from
the mini secret large destination we'll
do it again
Cracker Jacks final test is teeth
whitening things really worked
whoa okay just too bright it's a great
aah aah whoa here we go into the mir we
go I'm so smart like you can see I think
this ha ha no no I think this is mattre
fling free will I have to face me what I
never remember that one
Lauren that's what they do we look good
you do that oh yeah yeah yeah you know
it's crazy you know cameras yeah I guess
so no thank you
good ears serious aw he's a perfect
welcome to the end of vlog when talk
tomorrow we start our secret large
destination vacation it's going to be
fun they'll want to come no they can't
come a lot of times they don't have
plenty good yeah you know they don't go
in first class
they're coming nothing too hot all three
of them are coming though they're really
not coming is it really coming bears and
cats and ducks than I let on plans here
we are nope
do you know where I want to take you
well it might not be exciting for you
and super tan for me cuz it's part of my
childhood and I'm excited to share it
with you I think probably this weekend
okay we get picked up to go to the
airport in less than five hours you go
sleep edp's go ahead it almost UN edit
it for me oh yeah no ever do we help
boo-boo no can always bring you guys on
the next adventure which is in a few
hours and until then do me a favor don't
forget remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong but you're not
throwing any of those river friendly
will make you think oh through this
because I'm okay bye
Oh
