new new clogs South nooks new vlog is
AHA it is time to tame the hair of
craziness I haven't had it this long on
the sides of forever I don't like it I'm
a sweaty person and all this hair is
making me even sweaty er so we got to
take care of it are there ball yeah bro
you're not alrighty I'm just going I'm
getting older maybe hit puberty and my
hairline is going back a little bit
you'll be walking right here right yeah
and then maybe it'll click this look
it's still going oh well I'm gonna be
reported ok we had thought about this
thank you for the clip my friend welcome
until next time my man oh oh oh this is
a very special guy don't forget baby
when this is my great great great great
grandmother special anyway we're over a
dinner with some friends and actually
got something for you oh I heard about
it uh we're back in four more there was
anything that I
I use that I love so as soon as like a
home I ordered two of them Wow I know
where to travel options on what I wanted
to have and then the other one I saw oh
wow whoa your turn really like this far
away commit commit whoo
it's not elegant I don't know if you're
upside down or if the room is upside
down don't rip your pants which is human
food I mean exactly not doggie food okay
here I'll hit the ball you take food
enough yeah okay go ha ha ha I got a
haircut by the way guys thanks for
noticing I love it yeah no no it's fine
it's all right no moments fast is cool
yeah pretty look I'm gonna get it get it
and crunch up Oh
there you go okay last one last one for
ever
whoa hey I said last one why'd you bring
this back at me
no thank you oh he understood
whew account that's that please really
come on two three all day for a nice
thing living for new thing and what
these things mean never seen a thing
nothing funny mom hey where's mom going
to now I have to try again
no no whitener Keith with white with
style
oh yeah I remember why or this or how I
got it maybe somebody gave it to me I
don't know but should we open it or just
ladies surprise ourselves tomorrow okay
we're going to why this well in the
world
cut your teeth da cheese oh we see your
teeth why what color are they black you
got purple teeth let me see a little bit
little bit real quick real quick like
wow oh my gosh you need to go you need
to wait long
haha anybody in there
hello or mr. Tong Liz oh it's
gluten-free bpa-free don't know that
means kosher sensitivity free don't know
what that means
made in the USA FDA registered don't
know what that means but they say it in
a lot of commercials so that has to be
good and cruelty free plant so you can
get up to seven shades whiter in one
treatment this is not a brand deal
hahaha look super sounds like a brand
deal
I just realized waiting my teeth and I
got two of these one for you and one for
me let me see oh stop it
welcome to the end of vlog talk waiting
on my hair agate Mick don't clock it I
feel like your head is shrunk in
circumference by like 4 inches and it
sounds like I'm up here it's like 10
July time he caused so much hair I
haven't seen saw your head like one days
years in delivery I can feel the wind
like saw the waters yes it's nice I have
some teeth whitener stuff like a
do-it-yourself kit I've never done
before hopefully we don't overdo it
we're going to overdo it with good
overdo it other ladies mad if we overdid
it what happened you cheated like
platinum white he lets overdo it but I
have something special coming in the
mail to help us out with it already has
the kids but there's something special
it's just a nose opener thing no cuz I'm
not wearing that
it's a mouth guard so I don't watch this
challenge it's ok here just put the
camera
all of it you'll find out
also I have an announcement we have a
new secret Lorax destination vacation
but it's more like a mini one because we
have to go somewhere for work but I've
been there a few times
and there's this one place I want to
take you to no it's awesome
Oh No so it's a it's a mini secret
lauric destination for tisha
so tomorrow we super whiten our teeth
and then Saturday you guys find out
where we're going I don't know what our
work schedules like but as soon as we
have a day off I'm going to take you to
one of my favorite places in the world
the world yes
yeah look can be we do some though
please no no no please
chill out it's a roll no such keen
vision no no TV no have a all three of
them know what they happen to show up in
the TripIt army it's not my fault see
that tomorrow and until then do me a
favor
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing good uh-huh okay
bye
