yeah uh-huh yeah new new block is out
new baggage starting office starting off
the day at the doctor I'm here because I
have severe ADHD that means attention
deficit hyperactive disorder I can't say
focus on anything for too long
even if like I try my hardest I cannot
do it so I have a good night defense a
little bit how often do I have to repeat
questions to you every minute every
minute what I'm trying to get at is it's
really really bad and when I was younger
it was just big problem I just really
mad and never got good grades and bur I
can't really getting a good with a
friend Jim huh at lunch
that's the only different ones well you
crazy
yes very look but then I started to huge
when I got into YouTube my random
thinking and ability to not focus on one
thing made my script really good wrote
scripts for 10 years on YouTube all by
myself and it would just be funny
because the thing that would happen
would be unexpected will be random
Bueller like how do you think of that
and I was like it's because I have ADHD
but now I'm more of a daily flaws I
don't need the random thoughts as much
and I just want to be able to focus it's
all it's very frustrating I get
distracted all the time I I'm very bad
at small talk because I can't stay
focused on what the person is saying by
the time I realized own doubt they're
already asking a question about what
they just said and I'm like oh what Oh
me what times hoping that this doctor
your appointment will help me
with that pretty we are in the belly of
the beast or I might get shot I think it
what if they come he had to get shot
like ah I didn't come in for that we
really need it ah I guess oh hi the
doctor just came in and we talked about
all stuff related to ADHD and actually
eight years ago I was prescribed some
medicine to help me focus in class and
my reaction to it was a panic attack I
had a panic attack like in the middle of
class and it was bad real bad I told him
he said that that not going to happen
again we're going to make sure we're
gonna give a lower dosage we're gonna
work together to overcome this disorder
room you're like having ADHD we gotta be
like lay back you put like this and it
got up about hand sanitizer oh my god
looking back it's the back cut this
interesting Meza ADC that's his inner
attitude is another time like you just
got back from the doctor and let me
explain my condition there's a Edie and
then there's ADHD AGD means you can't
focus no matter what you do no matter
how hard you try you can't focus and
ADHD is the same thing except you're
fidgety you're in a movie and you keep
switching positions and you can't take
still you're fidgety and you can't poke
it and you're just like ah I zone out so
much even something as easy as having a
conversation is very difficult even if
somebody's standing right in front of me
talking at my face I might look like I'm
listening but I'm probably zoned out and
my mind is somewhere else
I've worked on my listening face for
years when you're talking to me you
can't really tell if I'm listening or
not because I look like I am after all
these years of practicing and mastering
this face I've decided to share my
secret with you this is what I look like
when I'm listening hmm oh you have a
interesting point there hmm
you probably won't be able to tell the
difference but this is the face I'm
making when I'm stoned out you can't
even tell if you ever see me making that
face and you're not boring it's just I
can't focus I've even come up with some
techniques to hide my ADHD first not a
lot and point in conversation make lots
of sounds of agreement oh yeah oh oh of
course
mm-hmm yep yeah mmm very net practice
you're I'm listening face yeah yeah
uh-huh yeah and if you are completely
zoned out and you hear somebody boys go
up at the end of a sentence that usually
means it's a question for example how
did you feel about the topic you know
what I mean what do you think to get out
of that situation always answer back
with a question it can be tricky but if
you play your cards right you can get
them to recap exactly what they just
said so you can rephrase it and say it
back I really messed up man do you think
he'll forgive me do you think she should
forgive you you are completely right I
shouldn't have pushed on our carpet
pooping up someone's carpet is probably
like never the answer being completely
unfocused and not being able to pay
attention to something for a long period
of time is the main reason I need to fix
my problem
happens and they go into different parts
of my life like in sport basketball Alex
catch huh soccer huh football look out
huh kickball yeah and even in meetings
so what do you think about the predicted
trajectory of youtube's ever growing
potential viewership hmm
well I think that the doctor gave me a
prescription but I can't take it unless
it's morning time and it's like
afternoon so tomorrow will be my first
day hopefully it works hopefully now so
you know with the rest of my day
welcome to the end of vlog oh good bro
talk I know I wasn't making jokes about
my ADHD but it's just because I've
learned to be positive about it but it's
seriously something I've been struggling
with for as long as I can remember no
one is perfect and everyone is fighting
their own personal battles so if you see
someone and they're different or they're
having a bad day just try to be
understanding because you don't know
what's going on in their life and be the
positive light in their dark day now I
got to go because it's finally time for
me to get a haircut ank God see you guys
tomorrow and don't forget to remember
that can't be perfect if you're not
smiling you're doing it you gonna do
wrong okay bye would you tell me all the
dollar how I hit my head so hard
snowblowers this is
