new new vloggers out nuyk nuyk vlog is
uh I think I'm going to switch the intro
to that one because it just sounds more
catchy what it is would it be what a
dildo is good but I think it's time for
a change
let me know what you guys think in the
comments below you like what it is would
it be with a dude Oh or you like new new
vlogs out new cloggers ah where we at
right now we are at the largest IKEA in
all of America it just opened up and we
go in in you can walk around for a
little while and I forgot to get
children at the beginning of the
interest of the trip but it's okay
because it's on the cafeteria only to
find out they don't have it in this one
it's only downstairs did you put my
yogurt first ice cream I'll see any ice
cream I just want to take a nap stop
break
yeah not coming up home look how nice it
looks so we call that
oh thank you
so what I've waited for my whole life
last stop before we leave
oh here they are whoa that's ass thank
you it is a DIY drapes off yes it is is
it not because you're losing but you're
ahead of me right now actually by a
little bit but not for long I have made
a fatal mistake he's like they're
backwards I was ahead I still got time I
still got time hold on hey don't you
have to poop or something you sure hey
hey ah this is this right the thing is
she doesn't have the strength I do I can
catch up the Kushiel's problem screwing
stuff in sorry Scott complete hey done
yeah yeah it doesn't look like this
completely
oh oh okay no not look at this one
I know Louisa you do it I'll do it Oh
who won what no there's a bunch of
pieces left over there's never a good
sign
can I be the king good day I can what
was the king nobody ever
that's the DIY King well are you DIY
Queen or I'm the Prince that means I'm
your son yeah
so now in the game what if I kill the
king and the Prince becomes king
okay fine can we both be king or the
dead weight king can be a DIY emperor
not the emperor is better than yet sing
wave
oh what a leaf like on this album just
enough okay we're good
done we did it first is the otherwise
contracted viy queen a DIY Emperor just
back at my place I had to clean up
because everybody coming over because
Monday and that means it's bachelor but
it's the finale so the last one I have
to watch and I got a question for you
hidden money yet no what do you ask how
many cells have you gotten in the last
few days forty thousand if you didn't
see in yesterday's longer the big four I
am doing a giveaway I'm giving away this
camera I'm coming on right now on my
birthday but it's on his channel so he
had to go to his blog titled
yes I won yes yes go to his channel tax
my blog is the title of the vlogs and
comment down below and make sure to
subscribe and you're entered to win this
camera so you could be blogging on this
camera on March 29th wait actually not I
don't know half a ml is whenever it gets
to you very soon probably early April
you can be vlogging you can start your
own YouTube channel
this camera is like $600 that was more -
he ate hundred dollar camera could be
yours right now your wasabi in you can
also be a goober go
subscribe Lana's ear you ready for the
last final episode of bachelor finally
it's so graffiti watching it's so glides
over finally and you brought a little
friend Oscar yeah dubby be nice stuffy
guppy
be nice be nice be nice hey okay now got
put your leg up
sorry guppy yeah you're you're freaking
out the guest you're freaking out the
guest I'm helping you okay I don't want
to watch bachelor but I have to so
you're welcome but I'll come get you
right after it's done yeah sorry bout
guppy he's a little crazy sometimes
Oscar Oscar because he old
you going to then why did you act so old
I'm not a dog you the cat wake up maybe
sleeping is he sleeping this all has one
disease the cop car let me take a look
at it look what is that work with that
go here get it get Oscar yeah look look
at me like bro you already looking sad
buddy and it's about to get a whole lot
worse because we're watching The
Bachelor
ok ok ok ok
nothing Oscar you're not boring ok you
know what it's nice to meet you Oscar
it's nice to wipe your hand out so slow
you can't put your hand down boring -
that's not even a thing don't be boring
here Brando fast ok nice to meet you
Oscar
and it yeah almost and it's down there
yeah
all right Raven no no I think I do
invigorated like as soon as I think
raise it and not have to go like this
see them together
I like Raven I do I like you but I like
you here welcome to the end of vlog
they'll be like there was Dina everybody
liked the video I know you missed him a
little bit nope tonight is my ideas that
was definitely the most boring dog I've
ever met I've never met a dog that book
Maria he's indifferent to everything
who's that not a doggie bacon we gave
him a treat and he didn't even lick it I
gave him a toy he didn't care
I later for the laser pointer he didn't
care I even put a piece of ice and dogs
love ice down in front of him he didn't
care maybe a little maybe just like to
mature for us maybe and then Raven in
the bathroom what's up with that
he chose Vanessa also what to do with
orgy or get mad about something so he
and then expect him to fix it her
reasons the fun and loving one that
would be he made her say he knows he did
I have to go edit this vlog and get it
up for you guys because I have a doctor
I haven't been to the actual doctor for
this specific reason and probably over a
decade but it's time to go back and
revisit this predicament I'm in find out
what I'm talking about tomorrow and
until then don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it okay
bye
you
Oh
