what it is would it be what it do so I'm
wearing the same clothes just for its
log because I slept over a Lord's house
we had our first night together here yes
I'm glad that you have a new big
apartment but you're so far away but you
live so far away under Nene why'd you
move away from me why you believe in me
because you like me
you know positivity I should do that
wait does it hurt no but I got one that
literally half my nail is just a real
Noah yeah so that she could fake one
messed up your nails so I might have
just accidentally possibly maybe just
woke up from a four-hour nap
whoops back to Lauren I'm about to head
to Lawrence and someone knocks on the
door command and it's my boys keen on
with a present he said he got me
something hmm hmm I guess people stuff
all the time but it's a very occasion
that I get something let's see what it
is
I'm assuming it's candy or some other
kind of sweet confectionery treat but no
it's my first pair of spectacles oh
that's a guy ever used it before but all
my friends have them and I don't stretch
out that much but looks like that's
about the change
that's wet wet and you stopped you fell
we were little stop no stop it
continue why do you look forward you
live far away you moved you looked away
from me could you see me my eye you know
you me I am in your head bubo and it
wear bra okay chilly but you have to be
okey me like six kisses no I don't know
you do my don't hate it and I don't need
it for what they're biting and hurting
me
what are the charges um that would
that's a seven that part was mixtures no
seven kisses I'm gonna do it
yes a do it no ladies I love it let's do
it no yeah one two three
for but I think it's actually one of
their everybody's here they all want to
see your apartment and they said they
want to live here now for now on forever
they want to live shopping here hold out
on my face all right all right
no stuff is in my house I can bring them
all here no no no no isn't like stuff
you slip at your cousin's no no no that
you lose you know no forever again right
there forever my hair is so long
Walmart too much one two more days
yeah two more days Wednesday's when like
my friend that cuts my hair is available
to cut it but I couldn't cut it because
of continuity reasons for my secret
project of working on all last week and
my sleep schedule is finally back on
track mm-hmm no more I actually have not
gotten the sides cut or the top cut
since I dyed it back to black
I was just been growing long so I can't
wait to finally look on likes cute a
little different is really good yeah I'm
really good you look so I never thought
I don't know it looks like I don't know
what it looks like one sort it's just
all scraggly and growth Wednesday I will
be like a beautiful Becky's day okay
stop out no
no more stop it
fly I'm so glad I was ceiling fans I got
food time food is here let's go this is
the breakfast of champions you got bacon
eggs greens a quest song protein shake
oh my god you have bagel with cranberry
honey cheek cream cheese and then
there's a healthy part of the breakfast
I guess it was a lot of tiger tell us we
only ordered a tiger cell because we
didn't know what it was and that we L
welcome to the end of Law I got
spectacles where's the remember to e
welcome to the end of vlog talk where we
about to go we're about to go to Ikea
and I'm only going if I can use this
okay sure that's easy
are they working this were busy yeah
going for a don't pose that I was really
close my face make sure to follow me on
snapchat if you want to see some of the
footage that is going to be in
tomorrow's vlog because I'm going to
snapchat it but I'm going to take their
footage and put it in the blog so you
can see it before everybody else see you
guys tomorrow
and until then do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong now I already stop
stop okay bye
ah
