what it is would it be what did you do
guess what
guppy where's that give a tennis ball
sucks goodbye cone
what is this ah come here I got a
present for you I said I got a present
for you
you have a normal dog water bowl
downstairs but upstairs you get a human
one when he wants water he goes like
this and then he barks at us so we know
he wants water now you don't need to
bark at us because you always have water
with this this is a puppy water fountain
and it's saiful and it just continuously
goes so you can have water for a longer
time you don't care you don't care about
this what we're going to get it anyway
what is that what is digging this is a
water fountain for puppies oh now you
get okay hold on it's a high-tech water
system filtered and there's a little
spout so you could drink like a human
you like it okay I guess it's an
acquired taste you'll get used to it
okay good be enjoy your new water bowl I
gotta go see Lauren okay I'll make sure
she gets it hey she did something
different with your apartment yeah
what's different
look we're just moved into her new place
to day this morning right wait if it's
an upgrade yeah it's got her video
Wednesday to see the tour but I'll show
you something real quick okay there you
go that's all you guys but I brought you
some goodies yay
chips no jalapeno I got pistachio don't
you I got the Chia tops of the good the
blue I got this you got to get out
pretty silly that's weird
some eczema cream for my eczema so this
is for this house and a half of my house
and then I have this oh yes I actually
have like 20 times this at my house they
were jealous that the my $2 cookie
versus 250 jelly cookie it wasn't this
brand so they're like hey I saw your
begin they're like you wanna then you
could use yeah they're like we should
have been like ha ha like a lot and oh
and got they wanted me to give you
something no it's a pool do you want to
give me a pool
oh no is that my Kong it's my call a new
with you my column you like it you don't
like it none of my coffee soon they're
like you lose that I feel you put some
snacks here if you like a second Ellie
good should be tight but you can just
fill me up with some cereal please oh
god don't dump like that I'm happy to
serve it
I like this sucks but there's pearls for
sure but here's basically using few
hands instead of one the ALS slices the
end of the throwback oh you got it good
there you go
and also I got you your new camera we
both ordered new cameras meaning the one
I'm using now is still in good shape
it's just not a new one it's actually
exact same one it's like a year old so
I'm going to do a giveaway with this one
that I'm sitting on right now but not on
my channel let me explain you want to
cheat off a regular one with the cash
you say you want some Cheetos oh here's
a couple of this - OH
knows a lot about that Lauren got it
dude drugless Oh as I was saying before
before I was rudely interrupted by a
visitation I am doing a camera giveaway
but it is not on my channel let me
explain my birthday is what's today mark
11 so this vlog valmores 12 my birthday
is March 28 so in 16 days is my birthday
and for my birthday this is what I
on for my birthday what I want is well 8
million subscribers would be cool but
mostly what I want is let's get my big
brother Aaron to 1 million subscribers
he's been posting for years and years
now and it is time that he gets a
million subscribers I think it's around
800,000 subscribers I know so for my
birthday I want you guys to go subscribe
to his channel I see how hard he works
and how much he puts into his videos and
he deserves it bringing happiness to my
family which includes the wasabi UNS is
the best present I could ask for plus
you get to see a lot more gut because
you have guppy in every single one of
this video the link to his channel is
right here I'll have it in the
description and in the end card slot the
give away from my old blog camera will
be happening in the middle of his vlog
he posted today to go check out see how
you could win welcome to the end of vlog
finally thing my secret project last
week was the most blogs I've ever missed
ever in one week I think it was like
like three or four days I missed which
is like I haven't missed that many days
and over a year and a half but I
underestimated how long it was going to
take for me to finish this project but I
did finish it and I can't wait for you
guys to see it next time I have
something like this I am going to film
ahead so if you guys see like a bunch of
challenges or experiments or DIYs all in
a row then you know that I'm working on
something super awesome and it's always
it's it's probably for you guys but
don't worry I'm not missing any more for
a while so see you guys tomorrow and
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it
ah okay bye
ah
