got keep going keep going go ahead it's
cotton what's up everybody I'm back here
again my friend crazy Russian hacker I
wanna do something that I've never seen
before
we're going to flip all right this is
liquid nitrogen which brings a thing
almost instantly we're going to push it
blue and see what happens fucker know
what brick safety yeah there yeah here
we go
be careful music Apple don't be scared
how do you win it a lot little watch we
have too much left over with liquid
nitrogen it's still going
kill it how much is it not as heavy
oh it's not that much let's do some what
don't worry okay that's a lot yeah take
a funnel off okay and let's make enough
what was filling up
what's he gonna do we'll find out gonna
happen
he's gonna keep going keep going going
it's cotton defin say you're gonna get
ya tell me once it's tough it does you I
don't know I'm not an extra man let's do
my sweat this time man up with the
winning team Joe you got it good while
the liquid nitrogen and water is still
Kubus profitable so that's why it gets
filled up go touch it whoa I see a
little bit I'm gonna tell the front side
into the lid tell them we're out in Lake
happen yes Nicholas silly look
look
that's all I have for you guys today
Thank You princess Africa by mystical
speculums
license to do you want more time to
learn countess and now you know what
happens when you put a liquid nitrogen
into a giant balloon see you guys
tomorrow
two legs doing favors oh please remember
get out colonies doing it rock okay bye
you
