why favorite here what I was what do you
ma'am what is would it be what it do
draw pick up the hiccup II hey hey what
you doing what you doing I gotta tell
you something
sit sit lay all right that's good - I
like it I like it I like it
you know the plain you know things okay
I'll play with you but first thing I'm
gonna film was boring real quick and
I'll be back in like two hours
Wow this is what happens when you film
laurdiy
okay I want to die with all this on your
teeth oh my god is just going into crack
you're gonna have to like floss out
lipstick tonight gross gross gross gross
gross gross gross gross gross guys I
think I found my new app addiction I can
see in this game everywhere so I had to
download it's like a see whatever to
talking about it's like an adventure
puzzle game we have to match the st.
cloud objects to get to the next levels
and then you win fiends and gold and
diamonds and you use the fiends to fight
the slugs back now translatez minigame
want to beat granny's flood so hopefully
I can get the new theme this month which
is named pop because there's so many of
them it's not easy but the reward is
worth it
and let me connect my facebook so now I
can play against my friends I grew up
with a North Carolina on the new
leaderboards I'm not trying to brag but
you know I haven't been playing that
long but I'm already at level 32 if
you're at a hard level
take a picture has tweeted to me to
prove it because you are now my
archrival and I will take you down so
hit it best beans partnered with them
and now I got you guys this link they
get you four dollars and 99 cents worth
of free gold and diamonds and the
download free too so you don't got to
worry about death link in the
description I'm back I'm done filming
I'm done
alex is back with your balls aren't have
you replaced me with this guy yes she
watchin he loves me
because I don't put cones on his head or
neck we didn't do it the doctor didn't
say they saw you cheat in my vlog I did
not share the slo-mo did you watch it
not achieve you plants back no I don't
watch it yet okay look let's watch okay
here here oh no no no hurt anything
there you have to watch the raw clip you
put you like that one what do I do today
everyone you said you had back problems
we've been having here okay do I show me
prove it by like do a movement that you
know hurts I can see if it really long
just a little bit you wanted to do it a
little bit I want it I got to see proof
in your face so I'm gonna try it like
crunch this way okay okay go
oh it's like a huge pain hey one more
one more one more less I'm Margot it
kind of hurt dallisa right here alright
Daryl let's do a test touch your toes
let's see your flexibility
let's see your flexibility now and we'll
talk later this is sad
I don't even think I'm gonna lose oh
those about as far as you go that's like
that's like six inches I said no you're
adding fear here okay so that's what it
is now we'll check again after one loss
time you touch your toes I cool
no way thirty years ago your head oh oh
relax oh my god oh my god you know what
a weird play my life right now wow this
is like in our back right now yeah and
this is what and when it when it's off
it looks like this well it could be all
over the place but and then you
obviously do your nerve coming out from
your spinal cord all the way connected
to the screen the top then does it
appear like a pieces okay you get tensed
I was here which is I keep pretty tight
you said you're looking and now go now
for you your boy walk surprise and your
news is great hello yes I go to movies
and you come dressed like this came from
working the working man now I got a
dress up we were literally about to go
into that theater at the Grove so watch
locals at me because everybody seen it
and I haven't and then I get a text from
my friends
and what is that frenzy I have a
magician at my house so horror on the
way over there and we're going to cut
the later showing because magic what it
currently is the table and it looks
easier than it looks like science what
you did you get down here and you catch
the card in da Salas alright and once
you get one you'll feel exactly how it
goes stuff oh you got it right yeah yeah
look I got like a ninja
oh yeah I endured ever okay and I say we
get 10 cards each we have a little
charity section sweetheart shirt section
take a what if it's hold up that side of
the clock cry a little sharing section
of all the best life cycle is exercise
which was very care to watch here we go
ahead for you and bellow in that bear
bear section oh he's gonna watch up what
do you think ah don't watch it what do
you think wow hey but if you bit oh
really it was not to bear bear yeah just
hope is one to bear bear win okay well
sever Texas cards no last one last one
here it is baccarat
why favor up here what I was what I am I
didn't do anything he appeared in my
life recently if he did what happened
a magician made him up here tell me the
whole story I went to go see Magic
he made bear-bear up here I was where
out of a cloth trigger don't listen
every delay and he's close and he can't
cook what happened to bear bear I told
you keep the infection looks different
punch them look big time 31 times
please welcome to the end of vlog talk
today was the worst day of my life hey
is actually going pretty well until bear
bear appeared out of nowhere I already
hate when bear bears in my life and then
unexpectedly makes it a hundred times
worse would you rather in a big TV I'd
rather have been none of these ugly
little whippersnappers
so thanks barber for once again ruining
my day
me and Dietrich's have a special video
coming out on his channel tomorrow so
make sure to check that out while I go
destroy these three
that's all got me out today
see you tomorrow and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
you
