what it is would it be what do dump
today I am doing my very first boxing
training I found a gym I found a coach
oh don't make it happen right this is my
team this is my dojo for the next five
or six months I'm gonna be in here
almost every single day training
learning how to swim
died learning how to make them miss and
then make them pay for it first things
first I gotta get my cardio in I gotta
get a little warm-up in now that I'm
very epic beginning but you gotta start
somewhere
take it easy these are really tight it's
like some big giant man is holding my
hand squeeze into today
look at there's a break condign my hands
on my shoulders dying while we're here
I'm going to be as hard as today because
I'm gonna be stronger for the next week
that's right you hear that people gonna
be great it's really good nickname okay
I'll go work on that though I got an
idea alright one hang yourself go for it
no I think either I'm thinking we're
about keep flash there's a lot of
flashes but I look like a kid Kid Flash
or Reptar
it's not where it needs to be we will be
it will be upon sugar you got me no no
way no way take a break I give you a bit
okay okay that's good that's what I
needed
it's a lot of hard work but I knew what
I was getting into we just started I'm
buddy trying to do this every single
dish that's when I raise my hand in the
rain but first I got you back
no just because I feel sorry for him I
think Swiss Re can find I don't know
Vitaly
now that the training is day one
complete let me have my boy Tony
introduce himself
hi guys my name is Tony Gonzalez I'm the
head coach for UCLA boxing I'm also one
of the head coaches here at a spot on
boxing DTLA come check us out
my boy here Alex he's a stud and a few
months time may be absolute B's man I
guarantee you he'll be here every day
let's go
day one is out of the way that's the
hardest part getting started
once you're started is easy from there
so then we want hard work but then
emerge he's a killer
now I need to keep training I need to
start sparring and then I need like I
need like a pre fight let me call
somebody and see if they're down all
right let me call this dude up real
quick
oh he just not gonna answer he just not
answering today well okay okay I see how
it is he's scared he knows why I'm
calling and he's scared
so I says not to do this earlier so I
had to come back to my boxing place and
get in this crowd
negative one letter best colder than the
Antarctic nighttime I'm about to get in
there with nope
a little bit full oh my god
Oh
Oh
Oh
this poop I could like literally needle
and my muscles are cold and just by
doing this I'm stretched come back out
there
okay your turn
you ready Andrew Jackson it's cold
just wait till you see that's the liquid
nitrogen to the max - it's not bad -
okay yeah it goes one two three and I
did - I've never done three I'm working
up to it
okay get eight they're judging me right
now judging me right now
this is so cold that even the pipes are
freezing cold here so I can see you okay
if you can get out without shaking and
put your pulse on then I'll believe you
fog lights
okay wait there's still time you're
gonna shake fine I'll buy you ice cream
well guess what happened today I tried
to challenge somebody to a boxing match
and they didn't answer the phone I can't
tell you they didn't answer their phone
I'm gonna try to call tomorrow so that
means you guys are gonna have to stick
around for tomorrow so you can find out
who it is if they decide to answer their
phone and stop being skirt whoa nice
card well it look like face do they make
yeah that's the face right dear I'm
going to be training tomorrow and the
next day and as much as possible before
I go to the Philippines but I can't show
you guys everything I can't show you
because once I get better then people
the my enemies my opponents my
challengers they'll be studying my moves
and I can't let that happen
I can't give them that advantage in
other news okay and president a
president yes yeah close your eyes stay
right there
what a weird feeling why is it feel so
good it's supposed to be a calming and
anti-anxiety blanket it's like how my
dogs are nervous you give him a thunder
jacket you've wrapped him up tight good
how much it weighs 12 because you're a
little tiny baby person so I didn't want
to give you 20 but I have the 21 in my
house
yes but you got the 12 because gravity
blankets are super soft but they're also
weighted and they're heavy
so in your laying down you give me so
soft huh I thought it was gonna only be
get like heavy mm-hmm when you lay down
with them it's like getting hugged by a
cloud you feel you're being hugged by
cloud yeah okay don't fall asleep here
that's we got a good hey hey wake up
wake up hey wake up I'm gonna pick your
brain Wow look at all these ridges it's
so soft oh my god is more than 12 pounds
that's heavy
we're gonna name him about petunia Oh
Leonardo Gus Gustavo gust of wind
Philip Phillipe how about dinner Kirby
giggling whoa whoa all she does is heal
people and sing lovely songs this is so
difficult
okay you guys let us know what you want
to name it because Lauren's not do a
good job oh my gosh it is head if you do
like push-ups with us on your back and
you'd get super strong tell me five
reasons why you liked it in complete
sentences not list format that's all I
got for you guys today come back
tomorrow
till then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
