what it is would it be what it to do
know a lot of you guys are asking why am
I still wearing the face facts because I
got a little call I got a little
sickness chilling in my body I'm not
trying to spread it I'm trying to be a
good Samaritan
okay I'm poor today and I haven't
sneezed today and I haven't felt sick
today so maybe a little bit in the day I
might take it off are we gonna be on
exit you know leaving I'm taking care of
you actually you're welcome ahead of
time in advance
she's like 25 years old he's a grown man
who's gonna wipe his mom when he gets
poo stuck in his bottom oh not me call
somebody do it
fine mousse I'm gonna take care of you
this weekend button when I get old and I
can't take care of myself that's when
you gotta take care of me oh jeez we're
going down you ready to go here you play
your brother yeah yeah but they're
brothers now that Lauren is gone and
moose has made a safe transition to my
place of residence I got some stuff I
got to do first thing on the list
no more face man
hey I did the most to make sure nobody
else got sick so I did what I did I did
what I could hey miss I need to go to
the grocery store because I kind of
might be sort of possibly surprising
somebody for a birthday tonight and when
I get back I got a little surprise for
you but it might be a little weird to
the grocery store I got a list and
here's what's on the list okay
soda silverware jip jip cup oh and we're
definitely gonna need some candles yeah
all the ingredients for a good next
adventure on the list
I got a drive an hour to a charity
basketball game while I'm doing that
check out this wasabi kitchen
you make your grilled cheese
obviously round angermaier grill cheese
oh babe oh girl here's the cheese and
what ya take food coloring me are you
ready
and I'll shake you shake right now we
got to blow the bag up to the rainbow
the red do you mean sprinkle the cheese
Wow
that window much yes much lunches and
everything another don't dealt with on
occasion yeah bye next up
all right it's halftime we're down by a
down by eight and all I can say we've
got a lot of work to do let's see what
we got this is the best game I've ever
seen this guy
so this is the update the person's
birthday today was supposed to be here
like 30 minutes ago but who's gonna be a
couple hours late so I updated everybody
coming and they all said they couldn't
come cause it's a little too late
because he's supposed to get her to
midnight so the main crew is here doe we
got a Ronnie we got Alana now we just
gotta wait we got to wait to the
surprise the boy of the birthday yeah
one hour later he's coming he's coming
he's coming
he's come on here we go here we go wait
get ready cubby get ready you ready you
guys are ready you ready
hurry hurry hurry Kevin
happy birthday dear Lucy happy birthday
to you go go
yeah like a ended up getting here
a lot later than planned so we hung out
for a little bit but then everybody went
to sleep which is fine by me cuz I have
long day before I go I gotta update you
guys a little something some there are
over 1 million comment and trees on the
Instagram wasabi jacket and iPhone eggs
giveaway you guys are going hard and
it's crazy I'm announcing the winner of
the contest on Wednesday but I'm
choosing the winner sometime on Monday
so on Monday just know I'm gonna be
picking somebody and it might be yeah
that's all I got for you guys today
bunch of adventures coming at you
tomorrow before that happens I need to
get so sleep let me know what you guys
think about the chipmunk wasabi kitchen
because I know the little weird but it
makes me laugh a lot I think it's
hilarious let me know what you think I
might be doing some more of them I might
not be I don't know
so let me not see your the next vlog I
tell that do me a favor don't forget to
remember you're not smiling
