what it is would I be would it dude Joe
you ready yesterday's video your your
shoulders well first of all yes in video
dica cheated and being a basketball okay
but I'm past that I said the guppy got
done stuff done a doctor just up the
face and I said Bella neck yeah no joke
no no job not that crazy but something
you guys know that after this we could
look completely different forever that's
the way forever you're never going with
the same again in nervous so we found
out today is not only a consolation day
we can actually do what I came here to
do go time to my face and this guy's
going to do it hey guys this is a
plastic surgeon resident dr. Murad's
Adid and he is going to do something
called picot Genesis which is this
machine that has a whole bunch of
benefits to your face and it like clears
your skin it one of the main things
reduces your poorest gets rid of brown
spot gives you the full facial laser
toning so the brighter tighter skin so
I'm about to blow up horde so it's not
invasive no surgery no downtime no
downtime we just get in and out pop out
bow easy
okay let's do it let's go right now
laser my feet
all right not embassies I'm in the hot
seat you guys have to wear goggles I
gotta wear gowns look I'm gonna be ah
this is it I'm never gonna look the same
ever again it's gonna be life-changing
experience we're going to put my face on
your optimizing position again look like
school bodyguards in the background
except - the cool birthday for the day
to do it and you mind if I clay doc no
probably dr. Ross doc what everyone okay
doctor watch my life is in your hands
we'll take your carrot those are Matt
all right just make sure you keep your
eyes closed Oh
oh my god you look you you know you know
yeah oh yeah those are really big toes
if those were needles those would be
really beautiful eyes
what whoa that's good town how's it feel
baby with a few legs and it smells like
wool photos and not even Bailey
one person gets one Nam is another
variant do your higher limits now this
kind of buildup is awful he's having a
FIFO genesis treatment that can help
restore gentle Rallye findings as those
nice and bright and shiny so you take a
look at the skin and whenever it turns
nice and pink and we've done enough
organize in your life yeah I would be
making a thing I would think really also
has like no face feel every job but on
your hand
why aren't you super sexy guys how much
of this Audrina yes
okay can we like the half of it okay
if they
trying to get 3,000 left here at 2600
more honor to go a while oh yeah yep
chuckles ooh
horizontal zipless yeah this is enough
food poverty right son it Donnie oh yeah
what are you guys wearing sounds like
foolish epsilon hey crying yeah everyday
right yeah
we did it right okay when should I start
seeing results for me four weeks and we
got a while guys so important bills are
looking good and until they look the
same except for another thing you may
get more of a glow pad
nice let's see if this difference we
have before and after pictures right
yeah okay I'll post them at em look you
might not see the results right now but
in four weeks I'm going to be looking
they said I look like I have a glow like
like like a pregnant glow without the
pregnant zombie looking good and that
has to come in and do it one more time
in one month I want to do that I'm
definitely stopping at this Maserati and
McLaren place in a month I'm coming for
you
might even get one I want one of one gun
you want a hat yeah good yeah what do
you think like it I'm going to pop them
but I'm here okay I do bar I don't know
how to make more money
thank you okay we'll be back for a night
champ later this is how you celebrate a
successful Oh No
nobody got time for that this is how you
celebrate a successful surgery since you
you've been having a rough couple days
with the cone and the ball situation and
cutting your face open that's Doug's
office I decided to give you a present
go put it on put it on I would like to
introduce lazy Ron plug who that could
be presented whose I could cook it yummy
yeah writing up here on here that you're
gonna come you get some yes that is a
giant bug ha ha ha ha hey guppy
guess what there's another one over here
cookie cookie whose anyway this is weird
hey cubby guess what let me share best
bug face go Wow oh you look exactly like
your shirt yeah it's all next nigga no
biting tails you have to go buzz buzz no
no the dog
he's like whoa whoa
I am there were all dogs that bridge 1d
ever guppy Oh used to follow the the
Alpha Cup wrong it could be you kind of
blend in of your with your blue like
mother like son father like sir
oh now we have one more person to
formally introduce you guys to welcome
to the end of vlog talk not cool
we have two more for the family and then
we have everybody you know what I think
about it Oh silver boo boo and
introducing the one and only most
disgusting duck I've ever seen
Kili shit oh damn I left my face got
zapped three thousand times by a laser
today Oz up that's crazy
well the next month I guess my face
should be a bit bootiful I don't know
what's gonna happen you know kind of
tickles
yeah it's gonna have a glow about me
does look any different they look
younger you're sweating on everybody
I'm the sweaty guy it's to a thottie TVs
way until tomorrow don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling your
he's a duck he needs to fly needs the Y
okay okay okay okay okay
whoa haha Cleary
Oh place of the sea basses see you guys
tomorrow and don't breed to remember
address Milan you doing it Wow
okay bye
Oh
