what it is what it be what it do go you
always have a positive life from a
meeting and Aaron texted me that he had
to go to acting class but guppy is
downstairs and he's back home from the
hospital and he's a hundred percent fine
but I haven't seen him yet I'm assuming
he has a cone on and he has two less
balls than he had when he left so let's
go check on them together come on
hey buddy buddy here I'm gonna come in
there with you oh you're doing okay I
like your cone hey hey Shh don't don't
rip your stitches out you okay how you
doing doing good
I like your clone it looks it actually
it's very slimming on you hey I know I'm
sorry it's probably so scary because
play so scary I know I'm sorry I can't
take it off I want to take it off I
can't I missed you too thank you well I
think you're going to be all tired and
drugged up and like painkiller II but no
you're doing good just absolutely wait I
can't though you gotta leave it on you
gotta leave it on are you different
you're going to get used to it I promise
oh my gosh you got stitches on your nose
too
oh please stay let me see stay still fit
you're not sniffling anymore before
you're like you don't have that anymore
he's not yours look a little bit bigger
though I like your new nose it was good
looks good how you feeling Oh
you your what what balls football
football what
Oh your your balls oh um you know what I
think I saw them upstairs oh let me go
see if I can find them you you stay
right here
are you sleepy buddy are you sleepy
pussy you take a nap I will look for
your balls downstairs okay now that
guppy is home safe and sound
I continued my day which is very busy
and it begins with lunch with Lauren and
mom DIY a chicken nugget would you like
a chicken nugget no sauce yeah
oh so this guy's I'm a little nervous
about my top-secret classified
need-to-know basis
meeting that's about to go down oh you
know what you should do to make yourself
feel better
what is bring the bit of F Emery with
you all three of them coming to know
about feel
no thank you oh no no wait think you won
ouch I gotta go I gotta do this thing
fan out if we look down I'll give me
kisses
good luck is's get the blow them oh you
intense just got out of my meeting at
YouTube space for a series that I'm
pitching and they seem to love it I love
it I can't wait to share with you guys I
can't tell you anything about it but we
will I'm happy about it back already
super place and we are going to have a
rematch because I defeated him so badly
in basketball what really happened
that's what people wanna know I want to
do a flashback
it's going to be a rematch take to ask
me film a clap video for his but for his
channel comes out Saturday and then I'm
going to do one we're gonna film with
tomorrow night okay
whatever we do I'll make sure it's
something fun and quick and painful - ah
always with you but let's film these
videos so that I can show you how to
play basketball part no means okay okay
just finished filming for DC general and
now it's done around you oh and I'm
gonna watch the first time it's ready to
dress okay
Oh Oh
tired of a ball farm out there boom 1-1
tie up feeling way there's no okay we're
tied up I wanna marry you look like one
next time I come over round three
look we're gonna fight under the leg
real quick and I was calling you points
me
you did okay let's watch the replay did
you push me somebody you push my
shoulder somebody pushed me somebody
pushed me and finally made it home and
it's time to give gun his medicine this
is actually half of the pill in a
quarter of a pill one is an
anti-inflammatory and the other one is a
painkiller it looks like nothing but for
this tiny little dog it makes him very
very loopy you'll see what I'm talking
about they said to just put it in his
food and let it do its job make sure to
eat that guppy well let me see if you
got it
oh no if you missed one right there Oh
looks like you ate it all
the only kind of loopy buddy the medical
good for you I promise
hold your nose your natural look so big
it also look big because they're
stitches sutures holding it open so you
can breathe better while his nose heals
they take it out about two weeks
oh oh oh good they take it out about two
weeks once it's had time to heal but the
co needs to stay on for an entire month
so get used to it buddy you always look
so confused after you take those girls
you're gonna head up my video for me go
ahead it's time for could be the good
night night come on I'll take you to bed
welcome to the end of vlog talk the
score is not one-to-one with me and
Beatrice in basketball at his house but
I know you guys know he cheated he
fouled me I was pushed
I was push I didn't know it was like
that d-trix but next time it's on guppy
just needs a little bit of healing time
and he's going to be a hundred percent
back to normal I cannot believe they cut
it face open and did surgery on his nose
but it's okay I'm just glad he's back at
home that's all I got for you guys today
come back tomorrow because guess who
else is going to the doctor to get
something changed on their face until
next time don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
you
Oh
Oh
