the hospital yeah that's scary I know
what it is would it be what it cooked
dull this morning Aaron took guppy to
the hospital don't worry they said it is
not an uncommon procedure but his nose
there's something wrong with his nose
and they had to do surgery on it and
they also are getting a neutered which
means they're gonna take his ball
expecting a call very soon to go pick
him up and see how he's doing I don't
like thinking about the whole thing I
don't like that he's going under surgery
I've never even done head surgery except
for having my wisdom teeth taken out
the doctors are nice now her letting you
come a countdown they said yeah you got
to be like out how they over L so I've
been staying busy since it's Monday you
know that it's bachelor night so all my
friends are coming over including my own
DIY usually when my friends are coming
over I don't clean that much but she's
coming I had to clean and I want to stay
busy to keep my mind off of things
check it out you would not expect that
we filmed like six YouTube videos in
this house yesterday some from my
channel some for Aaron's channel some
for crazier some hackers channels some
for Logan's Channel everybody's here
even hooked it up with the snacks and I
got a bunch of water bottles so
everybody can stay hydrated because it's
very important everything is done
everything is clean everything is
replenished and everything is nice for
tonight but first I have to go have
dinner with Lauren and mom DIY you don't
need a hat looks great it looks great
already see right here so you think that
looks better than me here I'm on DIY I
heard that spaghetti was being made so
you scampered over yeah we got the sauce
oh yeah but we need to need you
oh no I'll go for me already I have to
cook it me Alex
me Alex what I guess I'll try to make
this the nudies cousin hospital
yeah cooler they called air and he said
yes um he's gonna he's gonna share some
new for that what I'm sure he's fine
that's scary I know all right whoa oh
whoa okay that guy in there now what
that's it's already done you do it yet
please no oh yes no right okay
other side okay no okay you just do just
the top no this is up no left right left
right left right left right up down Oh
close
yeah it's hot just the top you guys look
great
suncream stuff I need to leave nothing
that is what you committed to you oh you
guys are eating your spaghetti wrong
that's wrong
supposed to put it in a sandwich that is
wrong so many different ways what is
this like a Filipino thing yeah have you
ever done that before I do it every
single time you spaghetti what yeah this
is definitely the right way to eat
spaghetti it's a spaghetti taco
how many carbs if you mix up the letters
and curbs you know that's both no not
much this is me until I go over crime
watch how I eat it and you're like wow I
have items down under like super narrow
huh
hey that's a husband yeah open your mind
to the possibilities you're huge mouth
Hey no I didn't want you to grow
play something hot well schedule what
cute surgeries one on his face and then
the one is like they had to come
overnight for consultations why try to
make I did letting you know this is I'm
letting the Wasabi's over most letting
you know and I feel like your reaction
is how they're reacting we're done
talking about the Oscars it's bachelor
time wanna losses utopia get over bender
of Corinth going home right now
Chris Chris by Craig Miley she going Bob
by she goes back he said fine come on
bender home grin yeah okay get out of
here go home
Rock Hill playing for you I have a
surprise for you guys I love surprises
I know I rarely have surprises but I
have a surprise today we need to talk to
you for everybody's all right let me go
get it Pete spilled more Oreos have you
heard them no I speak about them all
well now you can eat about them $2 likes
us on who they do something on that good
good we'll pull it in your mouth Sonia
mouth yours right
so they put extra food diet in I like it
you like it
maybe I'm tasting it wrong maybe stuff
lay down surprising I was going to use
it I told him that the doctor told us
that they had to keep him overnight but
I didn't talk to doctor you did
so what'd he say she's right now
complications complications would be
after surgery they have to keep for 24
hours because they might have to keep
them longer what in this boss is
something that lana requested at next
bachelor night and he just came in i
just got a notification saying it just
came in oreo filled uh feel like Cadbury
eggs
hey chocolate shell a yoga size you want
it chocolate shell with Oreo yolk inside
yeah you go oh I mean I'll fight it
fight it fight it fight it
whoa it looks good hmm is it everything
you ever hoped for and I have one more
present but this is not to be open score
I did open cuz I didn't know what it was
but this president will be in tomorrow's
vlog because it's for guppy since he had
a rough rough day
nope so tomorrow guppy well hey this is
what were you going no he's coming on
tomorrow I'm going to go in and rescue
him you're coming back home tomorrow
Buffy so I give you a present even about
the kidnap you from the hospital welcome
to the end the vlog talk 11:00 a.m. now
and we still have no word from the
doctor about guppy I can't believe he's
in the hospital right now getting
surgery on his nose he is too young for
plastic surgery was
back looking completely different
hopefully we're able to get him back
today and they don't make us wait until
tomorrow
guppy guppy why I'm sure he's fine but
make sure to come back tomorrow to find
out how he's doing and to find out the
name of the new stuffy that Laura
surprised me with in yesterday's video
first there's bear bear
then there was boo boo boo
and now there's this guy we already have
a name for him but I promised that I
wouldn't tell you guys until Laura knows
with us but trust me it's just as gross
as bear bear M boo boo yeah so see you
guys tomorrow and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay
why
ah
Oh
