Kubby I got something for you I got
something for you I want you to meet
your new brother
liar what is would it be what don't go
guppy guppy I got you some presents I'm
gonna show you you ready you know your
presence
you want your prison I got you some good
present is the best present I've ever
gotten anybody in my whole life
you ready sure guppy is present No yeah
well those balloons really like how many
crunches life oh oh you're Becker
yeah I got you I got you let's go what's
your right legs longer than your left
leg you're going to be able to dunk
after this
oh yeah probably yeah yeah give that big
Oh a little dysfunction here personal
that's not amazing you cannot our lives
all right let's go give Guppies present
well bro I thought we chamber for
massages that was kind of like Medina
chiropractic crack in the back row let's
get one really really quick okay but
then we have to go give cubby presents
ready gosh chairs massage really needed
that but now I'm like kind of hot he's
doing me like it's hot outside
hey you think you're hot I got you rehab
drilled out letter got letters a little
is behind you all time your parlor and
and so I just hold it there yeah anyways
listen we're going to come out my oppose
me to come out so I can imagine it
grab your own and have fun you can jump
out if you have to know you can
I'll get me the only enough word get
back in man it's like I said yes you
can't just withstand it just just it's
not bad I promise you'll see me you want
to see me do it this was cool I got it
hi going in oh my god
how's he doing that this is so cool
and then there I just feel it the world
he's been there for a minute
I couldn't even last ten second wife a
second cremate though he's far so cold
right now
so how's he doing this 4 3 2 1
time is up you get to the chamber whoo
look how cool is it cool yes know that I
called it it's nice it's good that's
good
I'm not doing it rose yellow in your
eyes oh you said it hot my bring here
are you I'm giving looking you mean like
I want ice cream on entire entry oh
you're not gonna like that's my dog that
ate guppy look I do a guppy hey hey okay
bye can we please go home now
and give guppy his present okay but
before we one more thing I'm really
hungry
problem is lately to start we haven't in
a while bro
so you took me to all these places Lee
I'm hungry now fine fine fine fine man I
make a me hungry
they're going to make me fat man can I
just get a fee is present now you just
had a burger and fries copy I got
something for you I got something for
you I want you to meet your new brother
liar
meet your new brother hey you turned his
head upside down be nice here hey hey
don't bite your brother no be nice be
nice to your little brother hey hey I
hope you're ready for this no he thinks
you're one of him laughing look what to
do is you make appears ha ha ha
I think he really recognizes as a dog
hey hey what you do whatever reason why
we're pod owners we have to have
punchers it's a rule in the pub Society
dubbing me what you guys look so cool
this is like if I thought you wanted
always be like this I think that's a
cool guy Yeah right why no you don't
I will copy your mother three new
brothers declaring the puppet that's 40
brothers I'm serious you guys look so
cool don't you have a present for guppy
so you made him wait all day for his
present we may have waited all day so we
were asked like this resolute place like
for my class Fryeburg huh but they sold
ice cream for dogs what I can't forget
it up a little guy so I had a little
topic is look is like bones sounds good
look at it just like a big castle even
when I treat her didn't he like oh he's
really oh he loves it
should I take it away no he gave a
little bit why he's super loves it so
he's gonna get bad what's happening now
if you ever gonna stop that enough and
yeah no more you can't have all of the
guppy you had to save some for tomorrow
I'm sorry wow he's super wants it what
it really super wants it okay here I'll
bring a piece that that that KitKat on
you can't have all of it because you're
just a little puppy but you can have
this bone phone there you go but for
right now I have a present for Erin what
there you go
it's where your car I'm not gonna lie
are you like names of your bug with a
Western good yes if I have the his I am
company with mine I would put that on my
car would you put on your car well then
you can put on a window I guess if you
want to be lane putting your window in
your room
or a mirror goopy good Gilbert goopy
goopy goober goofy goofy goober goopy
goop goober could pick up a good word
could be could be goober mr. mr. Dubourg
EP could be give her one more present
for you
who was that what's that good exercise
via laser pointer Oh
when he gets close to it I turn it off
so that he thinks he got it so he can
get his hunting instincts up he's like a
symbol right now can I get him on this
monster level oh oh you caught him girl
oh we got him oh did you bring your
present hey your Brotherhood hey hey hey
that's not a jump heart stop giving me
give it to me brothers are friends not
food you don't see me going around
biting Aaron oh oh god dionysus okay I
wanted to do it I don't know it's also
part of affection guppy I'm sorry that
it took so long to get you your present
but I hope you thoroughly enjoyed them
and I hope you feel more at one with the
family now that we're all pugs welcome
to the end of vlog talk lawrence that i
had to put boo-boo and then the blog
talk now to explain the shirts the
reason I bought the pub shirts is
because like like think about it like
this
what if another species of animal
adopted you into their family they take
good care of you they feed you they play
with you they love you all that good
stuff but at the end of the day it's
still another species by wearing these
shirts I was hoping that it would make
guppy feel more at home bring us closer
together as a family and let him know
that that even though we're not the same
species as him we're all plugged in our
hearts
I don't speak pug but I hope that he
appreciates the thought now last thing
tomorrow I'm going to do something oh
come on boo-boo
get your head in the game if you've been
around for a while you know I used to do
a lot of live streams I did some on the
main channel on some on the second
channel youtube.com slash Alex wasabi
tomorrow I'm doing a live stream on this
channel so make sure that you have the
notifications on so you're notified when
we're live so you can see it live it
will still be up after I'm live so you
can watch it then but if you want to
watch it live then you got to have the
notifications on so you can be there
that's all I got for you guys today see
you tomorrow and until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong okay
bye
you
Oh
