whoever gets to the door first with what
it is would it be what a dupe talk I've
never ever ever been to this Shake Shack
and everyone keeps talking about but
this guy brought me we'd love to see
what it is
these are diet burgers right there's
like diet fries diet burgers duck
what is it diet yeah I love free custard
the custard is ice cream right yeah yeah
can we have it what let's get it ha ha
ha ha oh hey oh yeah oh yeah boy that's
definitely not a diet for free - free
ice cream that's the most free ice cream
I don't see them on I call this one whoo
I am full Astro I am bastard all is good
why is everything has to be a
competition well all I do is win so you
know how does it munching down roll out
anything wrong know what you're okay
you're faster here than me well you
can't be me a runner
that's why faster jumpers okay okay all
right okay well we get back to my
apartment we're gonna compete my way oh
you ready you're not gonna beat me not
gonna beat me bleep hey cubby hey dummy
whoa uh what's up guys yo bro we done
all I heard you
ready well we were just talking about
that how do you find out what to do yeah
oh oh oh okay okay okay y'all
collectively play no you don't know you
don't I that's not really going to help
you in this race this is definitely too
loose oh and your pants if you lose you
need some tight tight clothes we were
close Oh shoes
no no she's your Fox in socks you both
wear black and white flags but you're
gonna need some in tighter and this is
the only thing I have got for all y'all
let's go hurry Oh little flecks on apply
some like oh oh oh oh did you guys see
the wasabi Wednesday video I did he did
yeah also you know it's not happen did
you see I have a genius oh wow watch all
your visit that Wow nicely a really big
fan really boy cry do you watch all my
head all of them oh the love yah yah yah
yah yah yah I think for all your vlogs
realize what I do would it be love it no
I don't think this baby is out
let's do this there we go okay
oh my
oh we're back here illegally
instructions only hello anything okay
now that your body in this is the hard
part is the hard road getting me all the
hard parts a little different yeah it
was with them
yeah I get that way bro you look like a
chicken
yeah so hot this is your kill me
Billy killer guys we're like that we
didn't do would actually do that no yo I
won't get in New York is out and then
there were two good okay okay get up
awkward yeah okay this may be hard to
look at for fun there we go this is your
trip
so let's lay it out your ear is so hot
yeah
ha ha like I wasn't give it go limp for
the rest and there please yes
ooh
whoever gets to the door very quick ah
we were going on what is very get a
little home yeah you give up no you look
dope you have guppy help line all right
it's like this seems like he's dying
oh oh oh I feel for Heroes I like the
most painted in a water tie welcome to
the end of vlog talk that was the
hardest most difficult slash most
hilarious race I've ever competed in if
you guys last as hard as I did during
this vlog make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and hit that like button if we
get to 150,000 like I'm making with
another insane giant balloon bid real to
see you guys tomorrow until then do me a
favor
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
Oh
Oh
ah
