I got no but I'm working out you let me
live oh my gosh this is like straight
from back to cap what it is would it be
what it don't go as you can tell by the
title of this vlog there's something
different about me she fell yeah no you
don't know you there dad you what is it
your hair no no they already know that
there's something else different about
me right now yep let me turn it sideways
for you audience boo t padded underwear
odd as much you but basically the same
thing as like butt implant that's all
that you are and kick up any 101
integrity okay all right Oh tell them
what's padding whoo let's see how long
it takes Lauren to figure it out what
the thing I gotta think something of
course let me just
oh she look like nothing
that's how much she's miss you it was
gonna give you I show me come on you're
fine oh okay well we Carla is amazing
jump up a dead hahahahahahaha in a
notable again from the side of it yeah I
love big booty Wow is a beer foam where
I can't tell where is Guney as long as
all wait I want to try these on
I don't have a booty your charm on later
yeah Louis horizontal mm okay and in a
wrench I was like are you wearing my
jeans that's what I initially thought
was happening no security yeah we just
went prop shopping because tomorrow I
have a special guest coming over and we
are going to film an epic video the
props I got are over there and I don't
want to spoil the surprise but I will
tell you that we do need the pool time
to inflate
ah one string down two more to go whoo
hurt my mouth oh my gosh
tell you about even working listen
working so hated you know about that
yeah
Gilligan please last one Gummy's last
one kissy Kissy her Oh Lord look Gumby
okay we're going to back done ah I've
done it
thanks really help cubby okay he doesn't
care he's just he's still chewing on his
own he hasn't even moved
you're a smart puppy you know that this
will come down just thinking about it
Lisa smart why you so smart buddy hmm
why do you smartest puppy in the whole
wide world they're complete you'll find
out what this is for in the next wasabi
Wednesday cookies mad at me in that
because he worked on set all day
yesterday and I forgot to tag it
Instagram oh I'm sorry I said I'm sorry
everybody do me a favor and go follow
guppy on Instagram because he's all mad
at me we forgive me if everybody goes
follow you on Instagram huh
look forgive me will ya I come on I took
them off so many times when today it's
okay makes it better it's more more
valuable now stop so the one that weird
stop feeling my butt cheeks are gonna be
don't touch my butt implants yeah they
were let's put on your shorts you're
gross baby Dino shorts
booty could a mac know oh my god that's
a big booty oh my god
you know stop its growth young big
really big okay my dear and I want my
bike on I feel I feel like I have no I
feel like I have no blood anymore
I know I got no but let me live oh my
gosh it's just like straight from back
to calf you can't there's no but my turn
my guards nobody with a butt implant
how's it look the big difference oh you
notice anything different
yeah Harlan the trends outside real
quick hi okay do you notice anything yes
I thought I got butt implants no yeah
Kim Kardashian yeah I was like you do
yeah touch it yeah yeah deal with it
yeah it's not underwear they come to
padding but it like work yeah we're
kinda like happily
luckily we should all go on is everybody
wears them all the time it is very girlf
handsome but that day right now it makes
me wonder our girls wearing these do you
have
padded underwear or panel I hope they
feel weird I like them I got a big butt
and I cannot lie welcome to the end of
vlog talk turns out my new butt implants
weren't a big hit and they'll be really
like them they could tell that it was
not real so I will remember you fondly
fake butt but it's time for you to go
thanks for stopping by today guys and
make sure to give this ball goes to purr
smile and not to go edit because I'm a
friend coming over to shoot a super
crazy video I am a little worried about
it because I don't know exactly what's
going to happen because I've never seen
it done like the way I'm gonna do it so
I might mess up the ceiling guess we'll
find out together on the mix of sabe
Wednesday see you guys tomorrow and
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you do it
it okay bye
ah
