do it I'm busted I'm going to guys what
it is what it be what it do oh okay
since I'm the best boyfriend ever
I will do it
bye okay you trying to go sit and my
girlfriend's empty house for five hours
and we prefer to turn around
alright let's go so we have come into
the problem I forgot to grab the key
from Lauren before coming over to her
house to get into the house to wait on
the stuff for five hours so I don't want
Lauren to know because she's got think
I'm a big dumb dumb head so I gotta find
a way in down I'm down
hey hey breaking oh thank you Wow so
we're gonna find a way to check the
window go go oh man SWAT what okay let's
go over here you got a fine way into the
house you hooked me up there and then
I'll climb off the land that's so
possible no took on the ring yeah
good yeah
okay that did not work unless at the end
of failed no it was our ideas or team my
ideals getting a key so we can use it
look we've got all these windows so you
go check them real quick yeah
nothing Cracker Jacks positive these are
locked okay let me double check
no yo man everything's locked up
you got letters man no they're not tall
enough they're painting ladders if we
make a tiny little hole she won't even
notice it true true true yeah Oh would
you okay
Gertie I'm gonna write them up good go
there do it I'm bout to about 200 guys
yo Lord's gonna be mad no I mean don't
worry about it you never know about it
man I'm not part of this she's not gonna
know about it okay that's the future
problem we have to focus on the names we
will focus on now future alex is right
there's bigger fish in the ocean are you
a shark in the ocean or fishing right I
just thought doing when trying to have
fun
I'm not try causing problems go to the
front all right okay okay okay I'm gonna
meet you in the other side I don't know
why I'm running he's gonna take him a
while
yo Elliot come on tell me you got it man
Lauren's gonna be mad we're never gonna
wait for five hours
oh man I told you we should brought up
some chairs there's nothing in here
there's a box
no tears nowhere to sit I know what to
do you want a Scooby Doo Scooby no no
hey that's fine but what now
man I don't know I don't know you have
any ideas I mean I got an idea of I
don't know if you if you be down
does it involve red cords well kind of
Oh thinking more like a dope dope car
throwing slo-mo montage kind of thing I
am down a man I get competitive
life update we've been chillin for about
how long five hours exaggeration but
it's no it's been five hours Lord said
can you wait for furniture from 12 till
five
I assume they probably get there in the
first couple hours but we are on the
last 15 minutes and if he doesn't get
here in that timeframe we out because
the Miller thing you need to make it no
funny game again ah you just make this
up yeah you guys on the twist you can do
it though yeah for full oh yes they're
here oh yeah we got the bed complete her
furniture pages have arrived can we go
now and do something fun let's go I got
a something first of all that's the
longest five hours of my life
second of all lucky
might have broken a window what Wow my
guy what window did you break the one of
those assumed what he broke it we had to
break down describe this to me you had
the key don't why no what you think I
would take a break in it's my
girlfriend's house yes does she really
think I would go that far to entertain
my wasabi UNS all right I didn't break
in look at this I knew it you big bad
liar why you gotta throw harsh words in
there like big fat hey you're the one
that made me stay there forever okay so
here's the thing is that it was supposed
to be four hours and it's not my fault
and I already called and got a refund a
little on the delivery because they went
wrong but what about me of lucky are you
gonna reimburse her burst us on time but
the other thing was that I also needed
help with two things today I was like
hey wanna help me film today or do you
want to send the house wait for delivery
and you you made the choose a chooses
found a bunch of activities planned but
they ended up passing by a lot faster
than we thought what'd I do
I brought a deck of cards that the role
we play scooby-doo well scooby-doo
another day oh well today or the whole
lot of waiting around
that's all a coffee you got to take
before I go let me update you guys on
this yesterday I'm give away I'm doing
next Wednesday I will be announcing the
winner of the Instagram giveaway what
I'm giving away is the one-of-a-kind
wasabi jacket and an F on X I don't know
which ones you guys are entering so many
comments in floor but I like to think
it's the wasabi jacket what do you think
that's all good girlfriend - shall I do
hmm it has more comments than it does
like it has four hundred and sixty
thousand comments and only four hundred
thousand likes
that's crazy what's the most common do
you ever had it have you ever had 160
thousand Wow you ever had two point six
million what I needed up my Instagram
game up mmm-hmm
do not forget that at 3 p.m. today as
soon as the vlog went out this sweater
the number one most requested sweater to
pull back in stores is back it's
restocked one more time if you want it
go get it or it's gonna sell out you're
not putting it back so go whoa whoa whoa
see you tomorrow and until then do me a
favor and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
