you ready for more to take you to the
park for the first time going to leash
what it is would it be what it do dough
today is the day of Guffey Lauren and I
are babysitting him so we have a lot of
playtime but first macaroni time
fresh meat macaroni milk and then you
have to check the seasonal candy aisle a
mr. Valentine candy Yost oh no no no no
no no no come on
no no please
an ugly llama or an ugly sheep and
butter
look what she just did two of them have
been up there for like maybe ten months
and now they have a new friend yeah
that's how you do the noodle test if you
throw at the ceiling or any wall on a
six then they're ready this is diet
macaroni cheese uh-huh diet water diet
milk dairy and diet big teeth how's your
macaroni great hey he turned down my
vlog it's super loud I know I got into a
bullet alligator healing yesterday yes
his log if you haven't seen it go watch
it and like and subscribe describe this
in three words
everybody loves baby Dino that's four
words and is it got the goopy goober
time Cooper Cooper Cooper Cooper time
can we go for that one behind you don't
move
Wow
ah nigga P you ready for more to take
you to the park for the first time go bj
leash go yeah you did it
sit good boy
wait stay stop it's hot I got one hand
to be stopped so efficient hold on wait
move I can't see a big head in the way
wait okay here maybe if we turn this to
the back did it yay oh come on go
guppy hi holding up in this ride you
like it is it fine you look comfortable
you can get hurtful he likes it he likes
courage he's ready to run
yeah he wants you to the park okay all
right okay okay all right okay all right
all right okay
welcome to Pan Pacific Park is used to
having a bunch of small dogs around oh
look at you go boy
there you go this is more his size he's
been a bigger dog earlier and he was
nervous
are you enjoying your first time at the
park you're here just put your hair down
you silly you look crazy one day you're
going to be big enough to go with the
big doggies and you can run around and
wrestle and I'm walking you are you
walking me hardest walking you got me
his minute pot over there could be
hidden in the plugs what is that
it's your older brother you guys bye say
bye guppy hang on what's your name Oh
beginners guppy guppy you can't get away
from me guppy and I'm going to teach you
a lesson right now I'm about to show you
who the filipino flash is goof up you go
run you're free you're free ha woo you
ready
you did such a good job at the park and
now it's time for that food is it good
oh my gosh she loves it can I have some
can I have some coffee
can I had a little bit can I have some a
little bit
wait he's a good puppy the best will be
a bird guppy
there you are how's your first day at
the park I know you met a lot of adults
today you well you can't really be
friends with that nice to meet you guys
okay I'm going to sleep
let's go guppy come on I'm gonna make
you pass out in my hands okay
he's passed out you know pass out my
hand before I got back he's got floppy
floppy yeah bad case of the flippy
floppy pawn weapon my name is Gibby
guppy goofy goober is uh anyone named
guppy present um yep me oh that's a big
one got ink it's time to put you to bed
buddy come on time it's bedtime time for
you say good night
can Michael pickles are one other little
pigs are head okay come on buddy
psychopath welcome to the end of vlog
talk ah you look at Finn you're usually
fine
hurry up don't hear my song nobody wants
to hear your song nobody okay go ahead
everybody knock the boop boop nobody
likes a Bulbul babbles Oh
nobody lock up everybody
nobody likes a boob or better or a baby
don't ever the likes of you
okay hang on I've been a bad bad boo-boo
guppy made two new friends which uh
which is cool but I don't everybody
needs friends okay but like I feel like
just what I minded like okay so don't
tell them that they they're not real
okay okay what let him think they're
good they are real mr sztyc and mrs.
leaf yeah and I finally got to put him
to sleep usually if you lay him on his
back like that in your lap he'll freak
out he'll turn and toss at it hard but
when he's really sleepy and you massage
his head she just starts going to sleep
thanks for hanging out with us all day
on guppy day guppy is my favorite if you
guys want to find your favorite I mean
you're you're out there flat if you want
to see more goofy go to my brother's
channel right here youtube.com slash
lazy rod studios every single video he
makes head GUP unit Gumby is actually
Aaron's dog but I'm his roommate brother
and Gabby's uncle so I'm number two I'm
his number number favorite no I I didn't
definitely guppy second favorite person
are you joking no one's ever choking you
all ever clearly the moment that Aaron
Lee used got becoming to me because I'm
number two mm-hmm so remember if you
want to see guppy from age zero to now
which is nine months go over there and
you go watch all those old videos and
make sure to subscribe and I'll see you
guys tomorrow until then do me a favor
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong okay bye
