all of the dyes in I don't know whether
I go down but it's gonna look though
what it is what it be what it to go this
last week is probably my worst week of
logging I've ever had I've never missed
this many days in one week in my entire
life but it's been a rough week for me
and I'm only human but don't worry
because I'm coming back and I'm coming
back Oh first up on today's half I think
it's time to change my hair I'm getting
bored of the blonde and I need something
something I need something crazy let's
see what my guy can do my hair I want a
crazy color look I'm excited that's how
excited I am whatever you want I want I
don't know let's just he just surprised
me I want the craziest color you can
think though okay purple yeah you got me
hook it up let's go all of the dyes in I
don't know what's up I goes down but
it's gonna look though have you ever
given anybody just telling for having oh
ah I'm going to be one of a kind kind of
varies a little bit but it's okay it'll
be worth it
whoo it's finally done the moment of
truth okay I'm gonna look at it I've
looked at it you ready ready okay Oh
like what this is whack is not what it
was before I even got to turn to blonde
I'm glad so what is it this black it's
black black what hi no one's ever has
black legs trust me my gosh that's a
basic Alex oh I like I upgraded the
floor on and on back down the basic Alex
it's not basic and no tracks is basic
what black black
well that didn't go as planned but at
his defense I did say surprise me and
this was a very big surprise because I
didn't expect it but this is like darker
than I had a before it's definitely
black black I think I before I had like
dark brown hair but
any of you good I'm not using my head
blonde here for so long so long but now
to get on with the rest of the day let's
go see what everybody thinks Duffy I
have new hair I know you really like the
blonde but it was time for a change
no it's not the same it's black black
that's what he told me he said it was
black black I love you too
they say that blondes have more fun but
I honestly think that my hair is
changing how people react to me I had
blond hair people are nice to me but I
have black hair and people are even
nicer and mine is crazy nice they really
are nicer I'm getting a lot of
compliments not about my hair just as a
person they're like oh you're you seem
like a nice guy or oh you're a sweet
person and I'm like well we just met
it's just a herring has to be I didn't
change anything else what do you think
tell me the truth that I know it's back
to black is what it's black black it is
like the surface of my boy yeah I know
but for some reasons you see just like
more approachable you I thought I said I
hate that I knew it
I saw the brothers back yeah if I have
my hair looking back
ah I have my hair dyed until I oh he's
dancing but if it's black oh he's a
trustworthy a principled guy that's why
that's crazy
and the last vlog it was Jeremy's
birthday and I got him a big surprise in
case you missed it here it is seriously
birthday present I'm gonna tell you what
it is do you have any idea that all of
this is going to be would you like
you know okay that's your president I
didn't tell you guys what it is because
I want you to be surprised I don't want
to ruin the surprise it's like a movie
if a movie come out you want me to give
you a spoiler and tell you what happened
no he's super excited about it we're
setting it up tomorrow and you guys
guessed a lot in the comments and let me
tell you not even one out of thousands
and thousands of comments of you guessed
it a lot of using bungee jumping or
skydiving no and no it's not even close
so keep them guesses coming comment your
Twitter name down below too and if you
get it right out vmu and be like hey
keep it our little secret now let's see
what Lauren thinks about my hair I knew
I'll come get used to it really feels
weird you're weird
baby Dino liked it I don't like him but
he liked my hair I can't believe you
don't like it it feels weird let me go
back to blonde no I want you to fade I
want to grow out more that's why I
didn't get a haircut okay okay hi just
alone I hate my hair I'm going back to
blonde Hey I know that's it it I hate it
good dog am I going bald is it like this
is what it used to look like look I have
my I feel like my hairline is receding
oh my gosh sure for you I really never
met anyone that has a lot of Mary's on
computer give your senior line and
here's me here look that's not
supportive nah
welcome to the end of vlog talk
bear bear boo boo baby Dino and dirt
with the Alice's house washing they
don't pay rent
they don't do dishes I don't know how
how my life has come to this
surrounded by stuff is here I sleep the
stuffies stuffy's has invaded my room
his hamburger slippers on my floor out
there a cat dinosaur ugly dead um a lot
I feel
do you always do that
where you're so you'd slowly bitterly
and then you run out of breath because
you're holding your breath some reason
where you hold your breath what's your
point holding your breath when you do
stuff like that you're just like okay
here are you struggling but you still
hold your breath I'm trying to sneak you
up on you you look I got homo breasts oh
my god you can't use this me jack the
moving situation is still in effect
she's actually ahead of me in the moving
process but I'm trying to figure I got I
tried figured out you super efficient
I'm super procrastinate e / ADHD /
tickle - that bees oh and then I bought
coffee so cute
looking like a lady and the background
and the pink pillows and the ceiling pan
also make sure to give this verse mile
I'll go stab me ball here thumb which
means thumbs up if you enjoyed it if you
had a good time if you feel like we hung
out if we spent quality time together
and we learn more about each other I got
my hair dyed and then I have to write
about my hair and how they feel about it
so make sure to give this a big smile
super smile
I keep a lot of stuff from you guys to
surprise you later but you know what I'm
just going to tell you about tomorrow
kind of I'm going to get in the pool
with two animals that have a lot of
teeth and they're fat so make sure to
come back see you tomorrow
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember its you're not smiling you're
doing it right okay bye
ah
