because I could've shhh good go what it
is would it be what it did you like it
yeah did you guys all of them is mostly
just green-screen oh yeah yeah oh you
know that's walk or do you play that for
here they won't we're going to get food
you get some stuff that it will be back
and we'll play that game Lauren and I
are actually on a mission but we stopped
by decent place and he happen to have a
basketball court and a basketball and
exact date Department so it's all of it
what is heaven super wind force Wow I
remember remember that disco you know
how is this Filipino I'm half and
together
Wow ha ha
I gotta go we gotta go on our mission
but thank her being a fun pit stop yeah
yeah I think it's time we tell them
what's happening happening you're going
to need their two papers in the family
no we are moving though with a big belly
hi hi a big face time to go look at what
could be our new apartment we're not
moving in together but we are moving in
the same building first we're going to
look at what could be my apartment okay
the rooms are big oh yeah it's a big
yeah okay okay the kitchen's nice
failure that I'll be good like
background for it so many videos like
doors what's wrong yeah yeah yeah sagnik
videos and some friends watch my daily
life this is by far the best one we've
seen so far let me get you a corner view
this is the living room you got the
kitchen over there this is it the mess
room where's that one I don't know but
it's nice this is this would be Aaron's
room if we moved in to here what are you
wearing
trainer you're a traitor what how good
you I know usual you interview hmm oh
man you're trying to fill my girlfriend
through you trying to steal my
girlfriend through
so the apartment we'll look at today was
it wasn't the one and with her upgrade
it wasn't an upgrade as I'm looking for
yeah where are you looking for the same
or an upgrade but that one was not as
good at this place and I love this place
so if we find something better or even
then we're good
the search continues tomorrow we're
looking to more apartments tomorrow our
balance of it you're the one that set up
a point that we're so excited now yeah
it is going to be cool but I still get
today's options I'm a little doubtful no
we looked at one after you crazy for
them I had a question what I need to
find out if this is true because if it
is there's a v so v one v member of the
family
what yeah once we meet us today this
little blue guy oh my god don't kill me
he related to baby Dino
oh you Skippy monster oh good you see
monster ugly she wants a day always be
mothers right there like a duck a baby
Dino wannabe and a platypus
how to play losing a platypus don't know
what it is but get it i'ma fight now
there's five mmm I got five I think we
should tell them I tell them what's not
going to happen on Valentine's Day so
they don't get their hopes up what's not
gonna happen nobody is going to be
pregnant
nobody is eloping I don't think I like
being engaged to propose to on
Valentine's Day
yeah nobody's proposing I'm definitely
not proposing are you proposing no plans
about you hesitated was that you guys
must be good I'm proposing if we do it
whenever it does happen but I'm not
proposing tomorrow
the longer we deeper you realize that
every single trip we go on now is there
gonna be like it is a wine all over
colonising is the third member of the
very Americana really no you can't put
that on me
let's go easy to make
the only one is in Italy dollars please
you're crying cause you want it I'm
crying but don't want you like Dusty's
okay we have a birthday to get to
how did birthday is your nose so clean
oh wow now if you don't remember about
if you remember from like really throw
two weeks ago use the guy the guy his
nose their wax all that one heard a lot
more almost so many years of their are
you having it birthday well I'm having
fun too because look what I just got
oh wow this is a strawberry I've seen
the macron this is a strawberry macaron
not sure why screen but that's what they
told me and it's about to go until my
bad no no your copycat if a hair on them
no there's not
Oh what do you do
what'd I do the strawberry one is green
and the vanilla one is purple yes I had
to get another one and yes Lauren
deployed
you ready for your birthday present I
can't tell you what it is you're not
going to get it for a while but I'm
gonna tell you where it is dirty Mike
how far in advance your planet this is
something I'm going to tell you but it
won't happen for a while do you have any
idea at all of this is going to be it's
something that we have to plan for like
how many months in it
probably like maybe one or two but it's
going to happen if you let it
I can't tell you guys because I had to
keep it a surprise
so you're just as excited as he's going
to be but it's going to take a while to
set up so just know that his birthday is
today but the present is going to be
epic and in like a month or two would
you like have you do okay that's your
present
wait don't say it out loud so what do
you think that sounds like what can I
get him that will be life-changing and
epic insane - and so you saw like we
doing to it
I know excited is really creepy bastard
are you can yesterday we watch The
Bachelor
but that was a ketchup episode because
we were in Bora Bora so tonight for the
new bachelor yes I have to watch two in
a row because you guys my god all right
one you said hey bachelor tomorrow -
let's do it marathon we're one I thought
fun fun I've even watch it live I can't
wait I did not say that before
oh yeah I know true true true wonder
Vanessa I'm gonna root for muffin
football why would that I go I gotta go
I don't hey me are you dollar
I got dollar I gotta go
I got a dollar and I'm upping Noah don't
Oh are we doing the guppy thing I would
wait put up good good you see you're
hypnotizing please leave I always what
now is like wide awake no uh well gonna
start again um come on cubby Shh
now do you think look what you little
you're doing I'm I didn't know you said
uh I'll try tomorrow night tomorrow
comfy now a girlfriend now you had to go
now that you have to you have to here go
sleep Gossage good gosh it is like this
like this it is good because you can see
do sit okay hey closely
look it's a good it shhh good go
welcome to the end the vlog talk the
searching for a new place to live
adventure continues today we actually
have four new apartments to look at
today as soon as I head of this vlog I
gotta go check them out I cannot wait to
show you guys what I got for Jeremy I
have to keep a surprise for you guys
because it's going to be so epic and I
want you to be just as excited as we're
going to be when the time comes and
trust me it's going to be a wild
experience for everybody
I'll try to set it up as soon as
possible
promise today is Valentine's Day meaning
Lauren and I exchange Valentine cards
and it's going to be personal cards but
I promise I would read some of it to you
guys so make sure to come back to the
next vlog see you tomorrow and until
then do me a favor give this vlog a huge
super smile and don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye
ah
