oh good I'm injured with amputate just
cut it off Bambi we have a knife to cut
it off what it is would it be what it
dude oh this is our final goodbye
everything's packed we're dressed we're
ready to go it's it's sad the sad day
thank you for Seasons Bora Bora for the
amazing unforgettable adventures but for
now let's say goodbye I don't want to go
but we can see guppy oh yeah I miss
cooler and David Deena goodbye bathtub
goodbye bed you have provided optimal
lumbar support
toodaloo fan is kept us cool and
refreshed throughout the night and
goodbye toilet for doing what toilets do
then miss this whole place built it by
hand not my hand other people's hands
but it was built time to get back to
reality now it's a good time goodbye hut
122 what no okay no I could I just get
your new brush yeah do this
I can get you a good one okay so what
you gonna do what no useful Morell not
getting in
yeah I just took a shower like the ocean
tower like you only get in and climb up
the ladder and go through the back I
would always put in for your breath okay
here I love you best boyfriend the whole
world
new customers on the native your back
looks hey wait wait let me just feel a
little piece off uh not coming off in
like the satisfying big pieces three two
one good job baby good dive good dive I
guess totally didn't forget my hairbrush
oh I got it
well but you were um I forgot that isn't
my boobs
yeah good boyfriend baby mm-hmm
I love you okay even though your back
looks gross hey go got a massage book
how's your massage y'all hug it let me
see here I had to go to the side again
full-time
q that was the best part of my entire
leaf I thought a steal time bring in the
Pew is it food time in the pew time time
if you can
did you watch Aaron slug ya sub undone
oh my heart isn't good she's looking bad
nervous this is gone for a week and bun
bun our new chinchilla has not been
doing it you know if you got lost in the
board board adventures and forgot it is
a new chinchilla that we got about a
month or two ago she's looking bad we
bought her from a super sketchy guy in
the middle of a parking lot selling
chinchilla is that we we were like okay
let's get TT of best friend maybe it
wasn't the best idea she's looking bad
he obviously didn't take good care of
her
Aaron just posted a vlog about it we
took her to a doctor and he gave him
medicine it's not working we don't know
what we're going to do she's not looking
good a lot of people have told us that
when chinchillas get sick it's a very
high rate that they won't get better
for some reason it just it just it just
happens like that
so we'll figure out that whole situation
when we get back now that compute hey
hey hey I know I'm supposed to be here
like ten minutes ago to take this
picture for you oh wait I have a really
good excuse
I said I have a conversation with people
that were photobombing my blog that's
the bachelor at the Bachelorette she won
the bachelor like ten years ago
Oh her name is Sarah Bryce do you know
her no I just walking home okay I told
her that you'd be super excited to beat
her so we'll get on to her but let's
take this picture real quick I'd like to
introduce you to the winner of the
bezler 13 years ago 13 years ago
what's with the back you know I don't
know no he's better
you're a dear bachelors
all the bachelor no I don't I don't I
don't know about life after bachelor
well it's awesome because we get to work
for this great company chimera at
anybody
KATUSAs how much is it is now the
producers are always looking for that
one dumb girl they'll say like you let's
see who will go and starting a fight
with this yes yeah they guide it yeah
but then the subs real these guys just
arisen guys like you have to get the
crazies like that's microphones we know
it I knew it before we leave I'm going
to swim from this side of the pool so
that's not a pool and I think I could do
it
are you like are your legs are going to
cause more oxygen you got this ready it
isn't champagne let's go I mean that's
Brittany okay you want to show no silly
dumb don't pass out or this guy's gonna
had to give you mouth-to-mouth and these
a lot of beard go oh sorry
no no it's whoever hold their breath the
longest oh they come back they're coming
back oh he's going far he's gonna go
ah he gone
whoa.good
that was really good I'm injured I have
a boo-boo with amputate really cut it
off this has gotten bad enough where I
needed to have the doctor come is going
to hurt no I love it now now now okay
thank you I can't get back in because I
had my leg amputated but there is a
button that I really want to press if
you guys watch yesterday's vlog you know
that buttons in bora-bora are really
cool so let's see what this does
whoa what so you got green hair
but for four
now we are at the airport waiting for
our flight if you're wondering why I'm
shirtless at the airport it's because
this Airport has no a/c air conditioner
and if you weren't aware Alice asabi
is a very hot and sweaty person I slept
more than anybody I've ever met and BRR
it's a given a curse really it's a curse
because I'm always sweaty but it's a
gift because it's hard for me to gain
weight
I stayed skinny because I sweat it's a
win-lose situation you like it what if
you ever need like someone to sweat I
got you only ever need I don't know but
that one time you do you're going to be
happy - you guys the question if you a
super sweaty would you like it
if you use a sweaty guy what you don't
like that I'm funny
there's also everything about me
Oh Oh
let me do me you do you okay no you're
on your own kind of see they did night
trip was really fun big rigs awesome
sore everywhere tired we had a four-hour
layover in Haiti but now it's time to go
it's time to make a / and you know what
I'm ready for sleep EVPs but also a
little bit of guppy
hi guppy welcome to the end of vlog talk
this entire week was a blur and paradise
so many things happened I got this cut I
got sunburned
we went ATVing we were snorkeling I was
night jumping in the ocean we stayed in
a hut it was a trip that I'm never ever
ever ever gonna forget and thank you
guys for hanging out with me through all
I thanks once again to four seasons for
having us and hosting us I know I keep
thinking them but it was just such an
amazing resort I this is not a brand
deal this is not an ad I just love
staying at Four Seasons if this was an
ad or Brendel I wouldn't be allowed to
say that it's not an ad or a brand deal
so that's how you know they have them
all around the world so if you guys have
any suggestions of ones that you've been
to let me know because I'm trying to go
there or maybe you have one near your
house and you want me to stay there
because then maybe we'll run into each
other at at the local grocery store or
something let me know in the comments
below give this vlog a huge thumbs up
like and Supersmile yes I know they're
all the same thing if you watch every
single vlog of the past week in
bora-bora
I'm going to go edit this vlog settle in
tomorrow I'll date you on everything
Aaron bun bun chee chee guppy all of
them so I'll see you guys tomorrow and
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
ah
Oh
