five what it is would it be what do go
today's adventure is consist of hair
nets and a TV we are going ATVing
through the Bora Bora jungle Moana yep
are you gonna guide us through I'm sorry
the best guide on in Oliver Bora to be
honest well it's my first time so hey
check it look it
are you gonna drive you know hi guys
why not do you have a backrest and
everything I'm gonna have back problems
Oh
first part of the trip is done and Moana
has taken us to the first stop come to
my office
oh what a great office hmm
this your desk yeah yeah they're a
little red there you go oh thank you
oh I got a good look over there is our
Hut
let me zoom in right there is us and
that's the four seasons now we're on the
mountain that I keep showing you guys on
all these montages and we're going up
raise proof read through read through
this were bred control know what these
taste like bread ah many type of banana
we have here for a Buddha have
meaningful banana about sixty carvanha
what says banana and banana Nana Nana
banana this is a mango tree you can see
some angles up there they said the
thirty types of mangoes sixty types of
bananas but there's only one chicken i
gardenia I thought they were like you
like they're like potatoes we pull them
out of the ground he said that one day
somebody will eat this pineapple yeah
and the top will become these oh and
then a pineapple will grow out of the
middle yeah yeah you know jarred the
last part back sure you can thank you I
like being a passenger you like me
driving okay made it back to our Hut
after an awesome time eight evening
around the one and only talent in all of
Bora Bora and I got injured we took the
ATV to this awesome spot to look at all
that fruit that I showed you and I saw a
big bug I jumped up landed weird and now
I hurt my ankle I rolled it harder than
I've rolled it in years and years
have a basketball game Saturday so if
you're coming to the basketball game on
Saturday
and you see me limping a little bit you
will know why oh and I found out the
details for the basketball game here is
who is playing what time where and who
were playing against which is the
Faculty of the high school
meaning the teachers that teach about
high school to help raise money for the
school so see you there you look out
scrumptious doll hey we're here two
hundred thousand Wow what do you say
move like a cow you say wahoo
like you're from out of excitement foo
foo like you have to go in number two -
I said head and I jump in the night
let's go through it working with at
midnight tonight I am jumping in to the
pitch-black ocean this is our last full
day in Bora Bora and mystery never came
back on who was that I couldn't catch it
on camera but I just saw the biggest
Blowfish I've ever seen in my life
it wasn't blown up but it was huge I've
seen Blowfish before this thing was
bigger than Lawrence head and my head
put together I had a big head give it
again she's supposed to be teaching
underwater driving school I don't even
know what she's doing chillin under our
Hut so that means when I jump in tonight
at midnight there's a chance I will run
into a stingray a shark pack of angry
needle dish a pack of angry needlefish a
Blowfish I sell you this one more
jellyfish oh yeah what is the regular
happy happy friendly fin yeah maybe I
just trying to have a fun listen this
may be Aquaman they'll be chilling down
there and be like yo what's a lori i
love your stuff we're trying to eat
breakfast get out of here Ned Ned all
birds are knit
yeah are you tuned it man yeah every day
they give us these little papers that
have all this information like the
weather in bada da da da da da da
and there's always a few things of how
to speak in the local language which I
assume is Polynesian or Tahitian or Bora
Bora Yin Yin Yin sama try to pronounce
them hello
oh that's what they're saying every time
one of the workers pass us on the resort
they say Jana Jana but what do you say
well I'm what they're saying
haha but probably like who is this
tourists right yeah how are you yeah
Teru yes others it yesterday
thank you is Meredith no problem is I to
pay about isopentane bon appetit is tama
hi my time I don't even know what you
can do it do it
1 2 3 4 PT Toru Cola PT oh cool so you
want to go snorkeling with these fish
are you sad our last full day but we
still have a little bit of tomorrow
it was a really good day yeah where does
metal bars for yeah all right
how's it
Oh actually tonight I'm coming I'm
coming up wool just real mask there's a
button over there
and I don't know it does come with you
guys yeah Oh
Oh pick up a sign oh nice I feel so good
go back go back go through that was
super weird
Oh Ned back I see you got a new hairdo
my friend too bad it'll be your last
ah both of you Ned's get out of here I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna do it you're not
gonna do it I have to do it I'm gonna do
it
it wasn't about that let's go you're not
going to do it do you know how many
dangerous things Renee could be out
there could be a really angry fit you
could be having a really bad day and
just decide to not be a nice fish today
there could be an angry mob of
needlefish there could be a jellyfish a
stingray and Sarge like in this so it's
better I can't lie I fell into it the
last night going in
oh go on do it I'm do it don't do it
here I think I just saw a big bug -
that's assigned not to do it know what I
mean if you're gonna do it like do it
what don't be a baby
I mean you're gonna do it you guys do it
do it
that's what don't end like no in the
door you did your regular adrenaline
because Vinge's fish yes please if I do
do it you don't want me eternal life
like a sea the dangerous mission yeah
leave me just jump in the dark - ginger
- yeah I mean if you're a man of your
word
like I was bromide well I can't see
anything is so darn blue okay I need a
countdown okay ready three do it
- why I'm gonna do it you're supposed to
go on on like one I can't see anything I
don't know what I'm looking over three
get to position it's such a Chung
hong-won another five five four three
two one no oh my god I've never seen a
more giant half asian baby no three - I
know push you in about four seconds
you'll go ended just thank you yeah
oh my god I feel I feel so bad for
everyone watching right now because
they're like Jeff God
well I'm jumping I'm doing half of it
okay stand in one spot get into position
arms at your side to face to the water
three two
oh my little one three not in myself one
go Oh Oh my nothing me off going all
stars are not aligned oh my god we got
the stars all aligned I can even see
them the moon is ready to cloud they're
ready three two one go
Wow very look here it's not even that
bad you're in this is nice
anyone I'm behind you welcome serious
whoa I really I really think I saw a
shadow right so say oh well is it what
the big is my mr. raise large uncles me
all good I think so are you joking no I
didn't jump on camera but I really think
I saw a shadow behind you uh-huh uh-huh
I could have died no good good good
welcome to the end of love talk it
wasn't even shadow baby
mister what wasn't he promise I promise
you there's nothing there's no time you
look like a footage of you like oh no
shadow okay today's vlog was in thing we
went ATVing all over the island we went
snorkeling with a crazy amount of v this
and i jumped in to the pitch-black ocean
like I said I would
scariest moment of my way place I turn
that lag
today was the last full day in Bora Bora
I don't want to go but don't worry
tomorrow we actually have like a pretty
pretty little thing yeah most of the day
we're still going to be here we don't
leave here until like five or six in the
afternoon to go to the airport so this
might be the last Bora Bora vlog but the
last last Bora Bora vlog is tomorrow as
you know views don't count as use to me
views are smiles because that's all I
want you to do when you're watching my
vlogs and a super smile is when you like
the vlog so hit me with some super
smiles if you're proud of me for jumping
in the scary waters I review saying that
like it's going to ride with it and
didn't ran out as a little sad see you
guys tomorrow and until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it Wow okay bye
