oh my gosh you made me drop it what it
is would it be what it do go Bora Bora
you have been kind to what you have
showed us so much beauty even though it
is the rainy season and now you show us
that it is definitely the rainy season
it is pouring outside let's see this is
crazy we can't do anything everything's
closed there's nobody on the beaches
over there
nobody's outside it's raining hard it's
thundering
hopefully it's not like this for the
rest of the trip I don't really mind
rainy days though this is nice I might
even jump in in a little bit so plot to
be some rainbows after you gotta look at
the bright side Lauren what did you see
I think all the needlefish and all the
jellyfish are gone he cooks in pickles
pickles
not after what chicken leg if we still
played Pokemon girl I bet we can get
some crazy Pokemon out here in Bora Bora
on the water was just like 10 Gary doses
let you get out of here
a rainy day in Bora Bora it's still
better than a sunny day anywhere else
you
how's your back you like it
this is a veces Wow it's always crazier
things you get her in there while we're
in there oh that's a big one what is
that
what are you that whoo you can oh that's
like a prehistoric one whoa geez he is
out here was a big one for you buddy
here we go here's the guy look how big
this is this is a future I think
throwing like ones that are like a fifth
of the size of it
Oh No let a little bite little nibble
where's the big guy I want to see him go
put that thing down
oh here here here here Wow cool oh you
took it off let's see if these guys -
good man
oh my gosh you made me drop it
I like Barbara I was Barbara - if I it's
Rihanna man except for Nick turn up you
learn it anyway she doesn't breeze knows
our friends no Ned is a Pokemon and I am
a Pokemon I'm gonna battle his favorite
Pokemon yeah what you can notice purple
Mario sexy monk
zero
oh hi there I'm chickens in there with
your name can I get aa you come here you
come here often
okay come on the long period of rest is
like 20 seconds there's 25 seconds what
you can definitely do longer than that I
don't know
so good listen 47 please no Sonny Boy
I really thought you're gonna make it to
a minute I was good that's what some say
I'm super bad okay
are you up there okay okay not it not
business we're not I feel bad but I'm
not living everybody loved they didn't
know cuz nobody loves X again everybody
what I feel bad about is that I promised
you guys something
and I didn't deliver I said I was jump
in the ocean in the middle of the night
and I didn't because of the scary
muumuus name the needlefish and
jellyfish but I'm gonna do it I'm gonna
do it normal idea you're gonna do with
me Oh what do babies do for myself
what what's the worst that could happen
you see the picture in the vlog of the
needlefish I know did you kill the Tommy
Tommy needle teeth I know I know
yeah I did I did like my dog and the
best part is that today people saw a
shark a little baby shark no big strike
is in three feet long as in his mom and
dad is somewhere out here I got a little
nervous yesterday down the Fluke but I
will do anything for those hobbies and I
made a promise I'm gonna do it that's
leaning I'm doing it I'm going to pull
you in a face that no this log is 200
likes then will you let me do it well
you were a lifejacket nope
fine can you jump next to letter no I
don't know we'll see I know I'm going to
get in the water I'm going to be fully
submerged and I'm going to get out if
this ball hits it doesn't it doesn't I
won't do it
so don't like don't hit the lane oh no
no hit the like button because I want to
do it no no no I need to like punch if
they don't hit it a safety if they don't
I don't yell like but I'll get to one of
thousands that I'm a liar I'm a liar I
said I would do it I never did it after
kid there's like 14,000 dangerous things
in the ocean I'm doing it 20,000 likes
and I'm an shrimp stir-fry slow-cooked
short ribs with this what is this looks
like a Pokemon or like and evolved
broccoli fight it do it just do it done
anything but okay it's like the same
coming up the book wouldn't okay okay so
it's like it's like an island broccoli
oh yeah I'd probably welcome to the end
of vlog talk are you content leaking at
my wife honey
I really had no idea he's even under
there you pulled him out of nowhere you
know the rivers can fly serious yeah fly
they can fly I can't
they love flying into river hates flying
a ceiling fan hates it oh no you told me
otherwise if I was better than you would
you like it back threw you under a
ceiling fan and you almost got your all
your limps chalked off into little
pieces
yeah you lie even though today was rainy
all day long we still had a lot of fun
and we made the most of it no matter
what's going on your life I know some
there's some bad things in life there's
negativity there's evil but you got to
look at the bright side and the bright
side today was that we're going to get
wet anyways so we might as well jump in
the ocean and take a bath and find out
that I have superpowers and I'm not fair
make sure did that like button because I
need two hundred thousand thumbs up so
that I can have Lauren's blessing to
jump in that ocean in the middle of the
night super scary
but imma do it cuz I'm not a liar no sir
not me quick update before I go on my
sunburn it is starting to peel on my
back excited she's excited cuz she's one
of the weird people that likes to peel
sunburns and peel the skin off because
she's gross Hey just like bear bear and
baby Dino Hey it has begun
this has begun and again it's going to
get a lot worse in two days my back is
going to be gross and cracked and
peeling I think it's gross I won't show
you guys unless you're weird like Lauren
and you want to see it let me know in
the comments below and maybe I'll show
you
but for now I'll see you guys tomorrow
when we're going to be ATVing do the
bora-bora jungle hmm so until then do me
a favor don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it blind
ever aha you're ready you're doing it
wrong okay bye
