yeah good what you didn't
it tastes like black not what it is
would it be what it do Joe
I've been sick for the past two days and
I'm still a little bit sick but I'm
feeling good enough to go to the mall
and get the highlights on X then I
promised you that goes along with this
wasabi one of a kind jackets that I'm
doing and Instagram giveaway for so
let's get it actually let me make some
hot tea first - to soothe to soothe my
throat because I'm sick 12 seconds later
I'm wonderin why I'm still wearing a
face mask it's because I might still be
contagious I don't know I'm not a flu
doctor I don't know these things so I'm
trying to be a good citizen of America
and so they're having a big blue
outbreak I try to contain it
top because that's what people do well
did you yeah well good for you
Janson back to the montage to get myself
and iphone next but since I'm getting me
one I might as well get the homies one
oh my boy right here asked me he's like
yeah you trying to get that 128 gigs for
your friends I was like nah let me get
that cool 56
hey so I'm you guys good luck on
the contest but what are we doing my old
phone run it all right thank you oh let
me show you what this case does you know
this does it's not gonna put on my new
phone so you can have the keys to
Buster's ready
what what is that
we're going on there he sticks on
anything Oh sick well look feel it it's
not sticky why it's not so you can put
it on any surface so if you're like
working out if you're cooking you put it
there I got stopped a bunch at the mall
and I was like how can they tell Who I
am
I got a hat on I got a face mask on you
can't you can barely see my eyes I just
don't understand how they would have
known huh like how did they know it was
me it's a Saab Ian's out here they go
for they know they get to sense it they
can sense it lucky they can sense it
yeah yeah for sure
three-two-one Evo's
oh I bought your knockoff merch and my
knockout merge to see what it looked
like no I don't like the string jammers
oh this feels so flimsy I know right and
what is this situation here don't like
one letter like what happened to this
letter in this ' is my crazy that's
weird
no you makers you don't scammers want
them okay that's aggressive copy get
you're headed a Moose's bomb everyone
saw that everyone everyone saw everyone
saw what room is it scary
he said no who said no oh what's it
called is scary scary scary room
something Geist Geist we saw a ghost
poltergeist
that's scary you had one job don't get a
scary he's like no no no no wise that's
cause he's a big brave man and we're a
little scared girls whose idea was it to
come here it's gonna be scary sometimes
these things are pretty scary you don't
know what's gonna happen I probably
can't even film in there
we probably can't film in there right
you cannot I cannot I thought I tried to
tell them they won't listen to me I
tried to tell you guys we cannot film it
so I'll let you know how it goes once we
get in there wait for like for like 24
hours no I won't risk it Lauren if you
get this out
lucky lucky lucky lucky
somebody bump you it what all you wanted
the cameras escape room yo and we're
gonna tell you if we want or not and
three go look at try again okay three
Jill you said three go no no match for
me
we took it down like it ain't nothin cuz
we got the brains we got the smarts and
that's what we do we solve problems I
got big Lauren did I did I participate a
little bit I lit the joyful the joyful
one I was bringing charisma and energy
to the room I wasn't distracting yeah I
want a comic relief and then my fault
I'm ADHD I also distracted there's so
many colors these see how shiny that
ball was we just saved the world you
know what that means
ice cream time right now the black
variety oh yeah little damages and
downtown LA if you ever get a chance
come here because you can get ice cream
that is completely black it's crazy I'll
show you I'm about to get it right now
yeah good but you didn't
it tastes like black nice oh okay here's
my veins not gonna be a black one cuz
I'm rockin with the blue birthday cake
ill this pretty snubbull if you pick
sprinkles you eat it oh of course you
got a cancer grandparents
hey let me eat it he gets like blows be
romantic people oh there we go
oh yeah look at it
yeah back to the iPhone Nexus here we go
go whoo yeah that's one but this one's
mine
I'm not gonna open your guys's because
whoever gets this I'm sure they don't
want to be opened but it is that 256
gigabytes - yeah or or is that 256 games
that wouldn't fit in this box
that's gigabytes ready
this is my new phone right here I heard
it's gonna take a lot of getting used to
but when you finally get used to it it
will be worth it iPhone next baby now
save yours
Oh thinking I probably shouldn't open
this but I always get tweets saying why
don't you sign the stuff that you give
away it's because I don't like
handwriting and I don't want to
compromise your brand-new I'm full okay
this is like a thousand dollar thingy it
has to it has to be a mint condition
only the best for the wasabi yes don't
forget this iPhone X is going away in
the Instagram giveaway along with the
one of a kind only one in existence
wasabi jacket so make sure go comment
anything in that picture like it follow
me on this grand some point this week I
am choosing the winner you don't know
when and next one day I will be
announcing it on the wall for sure all
day every day now I'm pressing matters
the number one requested to put back in
the Saudis for most of our limited
edition I don't like to just keep one
thing in source forever I like to do new
more awesome stuff make it better make
it more than I don't don't
so most things are limited edition and
they sell us this thing sold out the
fastest any merch the candy hoodies so I
decided to bring them back one more time
Friday 3:00 p.m. when the blow comes out
these hoodies will be in store one more
time this is actually my favorite merch
this is the one I wear the most so go
get yours before it's gone for
that's all the coffee yesterday see you
tomorrow
and until then do me favor do not forget
to remember if you're not smiling you're
doing
