welcome to Bora Bora what it is would it
be wait don't go first task on the
agenda get tan because I looking a
little pale like Casper the Friendly
Ghost this is our tanning spot we got
Lauren getting ready with the sunscreen
I got my tanning oil and yes I'm in my
underwear but it's only because we're
secluded and nobody can see us if we
were super duper duper secluded and like
jet skis were passing by I might not
even wear my underwear hey I'm gonna get
dark you're gonna be dark we're going to
dark team dark dark oh oh it hurt me too
first time jumping in hey buddy I am
going to go in but I want to vlog your
first I already been in oh whoa whoa
whoa how's it tonight
here you go now look at mystery ha ha ha
are you professional say like a cool
last thing before you go to the water
like like a like a superhero
that was the worst thing you could have
said you see the bottom
come over here what is this big dark
shadow that it's like a reef or
something
no no it's part of the ground the ground
Oh 6.50 doesn't not cannonball oh my god
I saw on 8.3 woo not bad look at look at
eight what an eight is yeah
oh my god oh it's one great eight yeah
cuz your execution on your can ball was
perfect
oh okay watch this 1000 my god Bay I got
a dive in yeah I gotta know how to do it
you'll be careful
three two one I guess look at that
yeah a 10 a 10 Monica is maybe nervous I
got to get a 10 so what about you didn't
say so yes I really said 10 I know you
want to hear 10 I heard it in your mind
yeah we have well you in your mind
little empathy okay give me the nervous
poop 3 2 1 please be careful
Oh oh man that's how did that give you
your lifejacket oh my god that sounded
bad I was a loud smack okay okay come
again
oh my god you wish I go I hurt myself
that's not a pen I got to do a ten for
my girlfriend I know
go put this on me I can't bring you all
over the poor poor I'm not good no you
gave me a ten
I have to do it again no hi oh hey one
more time Oh two one again here you go
there that's nice guys this is Ned that
comes to visit every day sometimes you
bring a friend Ted but net is so low
right now
and Ned just comes to our porch toku
thanks Ned not worrying but not where
you poop this is our home we do not poop
in your home stop ready to print out
here you worthless you are very nice
mirror come here sit good
dagger skedaddled shoot he's gonna poop
again ah hey yeah and then don't come
back oh look there Ted Oh Ted Coe white
Ned that's right in the comment section
of yesterday's vlog you guys said that
you really liked the montage and you
want to see more of Bora Bora so I'm
gonna hit you with a little bit more
thank you good cheers Islands over there
I asked those are all separate little
island right next to each other I know I
asked and I was like wait are those
little separate island right next to
each other yeah each one of those upper
Island what you mean her to CT they use
the PP we see you still hiding thank you
so much to for season four Bora for
hosting us and giving us I think the
best vacation we've ever been on some
time like one day in is identification
so here the vacation has just begun and
it's already we are 100% sure the best
vacation we've ever been on thank you
for Seasons Bora Bora for hosting us
this is amazing look at this look at
this you see this if you get a chance
definitely come to Bora Bora
Four Seasons
rumba tadaaaaaa
completely forgot to vlog my food but it
was steak now it is nothing I'm Lauren
hi salad beyond that healthy healthy and
I'm on that fat fat is great it was good
thank you
yeah don't mind me I'm just rubbing my
tummy welcome to the end of lost talk if
you saw yesterday's vlogs you know that
we were supposed to jump in the water in
the pitch blackness but somebody got
sunburned and that's both of us
we got super coverage you're hey we got
a bunch of allergies and we
underestimated the power of the Bora
Bora Sun and we definitely got burnt and
it's bad you would think after living my
entire life I would learn how to avoid
sunburn that was not the case don't
doesn't all they are very good at is it
go on oh definitely that even look at
the middle area of your neck
and then you're just oh yeah yeah my
face is I say something like they could
be okay okay okay it's tight but I think
I'll be okay but my I feel like a Red
Power Ranger holy crackerjacks it's all
down my back to melody can I see it
honesty oh yeah that that is that is the
color the camera shows it pretty
accurately honey oh there you go oh that
is why we had to put off jumping in the
ocean in the middle of the night -
tomorrow tomorrow we're jumping into the
mysterious deep dark depths of the Black
Sea promise
if you guys enjoyed this vlog enjoyed
the montages enjoys the epic belly flops
of pan give this vlog a big thumbs up
and let me know down in the comments
below what else you want to see in
bora-bora make sure to come back
tomorrow because we're going to get some
GoPro footage of some epic adventures we
have an excursion plan and we are about
to go scootering in a submarine
underwater together if that doesn't make
sense
just come back to see you guys them
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing oh oh I got now I need it I need
it I need it I need it I need it I
needed I needed okay bye
ah
ah
