what it is would it be what it don't go
tonight we are having my big brother
Aaron's birthday party early because I'm
going to be out of town so tonight is
the night and I have to get ready
first up haircut is necessary guppy
tonight is Aaron's birthday Hey tonight
is Anna's birthday we have to get ready
but I'll go get a haircut you clean up
and make sure to keep it a secret
also here no no no even eat it yes yeah
anybody not know what I love nobody eat
it Oh No aah
you ready cut my hair you got some work
today oh oh that was so much better than
before you did a great job thank you
yeah I feel like I feel a certain type
of way but I can't figure it out I feel
like thank you scrumptious Oh
scrumptious
I do feel scrumptious all looking didn't
lean in aelon scrumptious no I'm just
cutting for like me scrumptious search
run Hey Oh short well it's so sure come
on touch it yeah I feel like Italy it
not as crazy yeah oh good it's all night
good good mm-hmm Hey nope hey chicken
nugget ha ha
what'd you think I was gonna say yes no
that's old school
now you'd be looking scrumptious oh girl
look at you pulling that card up you
want to go back to why you look cute why
are you thank you what's in do you want
krump okay how are you yeah we got
light up a loom
we got good lighting because this light
and this light is too bright
we got mood lighting everything's clean
chi Chi's ready to party
we got a bun bun with her cover over her
something W what messes her she needs a
healing time we got the lower-end
Wow light of balloon I saw these at the
throne I'm like wow okay gonna kick kick
are you kidding
it's just a balloon hey it's just a
balloon hey stop stop it's a balloon
ah
oh I gotta watch some other hair bow
that's a one binary right there for you
I know I'm trying to get that one you
can't fit on your mouth ah guys Aaron
yeah I got your birthday present
what what is it but Felicia is you gonna
shopping soap oh yeah I'll show you whoa
what honey doggy doo-doo all he talked
me right look at it I love it love it up
there's no distance because it's
connected to your phone through
bluetooth so I'm going to the secret
Lorex destination right now
if you need to talk about something you
technically hey Ken you're walking
talking on okay how the hey what's up
now let's just you know and I got one
for Lauren at 52 and we can all be in a
group chat so we can all hear it and
that's not it
there's another birthday present what is
it guffy haha this is an automatic fetch
toy so if you don't feel like throwing a
ball anymore and you still want him to
get some exercise you can get set this
up so it shoots the bowl out like 10
feet or 20 feet and then he goes get it
and then he thirty or thirty feet and
then he could put it back in by himself
and I'll shoot it back out again then he
can come back to the back end let's try
it out
should we do ten twenty or thirty feet
ten first and
whoa
go kqz what come here come here
whoa get it up see where to go
okay put it back in put put it by again
I think it still scares me just give it
a light ready
you'll learn get the other thirty two
thirty feet uh be wool okay company back
come come what okay okay I gotta go pack
but by the time I get back he's gonna
have them as a pro yep
you gonna be all good yes okay thank you
Oh last minute shopping before the trip
what do we got sunscreen bug spray
makeup wipe lips on screen tanning some
green stuff is that it so what else we
need snacks
let me see paranoia trading do you want
anything from the store okay you said
that Laos is why people around I'll get
that for you
okay alright I copied that you want the
same done thank you
yes okay okay
cope we have to go now coming back in a
week you take care of Cree chinchilla
sisters and Aaron and both the ball you
got to make sure nobody wears bro shoes
downstairs
by bun bun one more with the medicine
and you should be a hundred percent fuel
and I'll be back and you'll be fluffy by
TT miss you and Big Ear alright brother
I'm out and you see me again I will be
you can are you excited for our secret
florists definitions direction
what whoa
piano play myself and love this song
what what are you doing so for the past
two hours
Lauren has been glued to her phone
because she's almost at five million
subscribers she only needs two hundred
and ninety Wow three more what we just
tell people we subscribe to Lauren
subscribe to laurdiy everybody we need
296 volunteers please everybody la you
are di why why why is a class you didn't
I can't believe you did it right before
this vacations that would've legs are so
long we planned it so well we do this on
purpose right
hey how about a head blood high-five
we finally made it to our destination
secret location it's been so long but I
think it's time to tell them where we
are we are at wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait let's wait till we get to the
hotel so let's go from the airplane walk
through the building get our luggage and
get on a boat
the sissies what
turns out we got here a little bit early
so I won't be able to get to the room to
show you guys our rooms here in
bora-bora
I was going to walk out there show you
guys the room the view was like
everything but well I have to edit this
and get it up and I won't be able to at
a time so tomorrow
make sure to come back if you want to
see a bunch of montage I do two 'full
magical beachy Bora Bora footage look at
that mountain
look at these foot look at the clear
water blue water look at this white sand
hoping our grass here do it so he
walking grass okay we're excited to be
here and excited for you guys to come
along for the adventure so see you guys
tomorrow until then do me a favor and
don't forget remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong okay bye
ah
Oh
