the moment of truth what's up asada and
welcome to another wasabicars for
something Wednesday I am going to try to
rip the Unruh pible glove my boy wolfy
wraps another youtuber tried this video
and I saw that he could not rip this
easily and I just don't believe it I
don't think that he went hard enough on
these gloves now it's my turn let's get
it
these gloves are not your ordinary
gloves they have like metal woven into
it so it's like super tough and it's not
supposed to be able to be cut penetrated
torn nothing let's put it to the test
first test is the cutting ten let's see
if these gloves can be cut Hey Oh
oh wait are they being cut they're kind
of being cut SEC okay there's a little
bit of marks on here horn there's a
little bit of scratch no hold test
number one I guess you pass for now
these guys wouldn't cut it so it's time
to upgrade I'm a little nervous I'm not
gonna lie so first I'm going to try it
on the glove without my hand okay okay I
feel a little city first a little safer
oh here we go here we go here we go what
feels weird
this is so weird I feel like I'm cutting
into my hand I don't like it I don't
like it I don't know I'm good I don't
like it
remember do not try this at home no
matter what don't try this at home if
you have these gloves they're pretty
dope but do not try to ever put a knife
in your hand or cut it like this or in
between the fingers not think fire
there's no way this is going to survive
this
whoa okay whoa whoa look it's shrinking
what whoa
then hold I think it's a hole through
the hole look guys I made a little hole
I did it that counts Wow Wow ha so the
metal didn't break but the fabric around
the middle kind of shrunk and we're
making progress let's see how big of a
hole we can burn through this glove whoa
whoa whoa okay okay okay okay oh so that
definitely did it oh I can rip it down
Oh what okay fire destroys unrepairable
glove I guess that's why they call it
the irreparable glove and not the
unburnable glove oh yeah if you look
close you can see the metal wiring that
is all the way through love but this
glove is garbage now good thing I have
more now we're going to take it down the
knot and try to do the good old-fashion
tear rip test a little tough for that
but hi yeah I heard it I heard it like
stressing but it didn't tear whoo I'm
gonna need my special tools yeah maybe I
can rip one of the fingers off that's
what it is
got to use your noggin sometime I don't
like to admit this very often but maybe
I don't have enough muscle oh my god
he's gonna make it look like a fall
bring you down bub
Oh what are we doing together
obviously these are a lot tougher than I
expected but I have a few more tricks up
my sleeve
let's fry up some gloves oh oh oh it hot
every time oh look at me
I'm terrible gloves oh you can't tear me
oh yeah what about this Wow
you broke my god get it could be get it
get it get it
Terri turn apart guppy I'm sorry but you
failed
do you happen to have any other friends
that we could test this out with Allie
the alligator it's a baby alligator and
this is Brian partek he is gonna help me
out with this alligator and see if you
can really penetrate this glove firstly
I tested out with some hot dogs it's not
like a reasonable thing to me keep
looking at me to put one hot dog not yet
that's gay he smells in Duffy why didn't
you tell me you had an alligator friend
the moment of truth whoa okay whoa she
got in there we we get in there first
sir oh he got it
that's one for like love but she's a hot
dog looks like that's good and oh that's
the one he got he got a little bit out
wonderful I think yes oh oh he got that
one too that was oh my god he destroyed
that one yeah
to your finger you ready this yeah uh I
don't think I'm going to do it I can't
do it okay I'll do it
what are you sure I'm sure
this is the worst that could happen up
here whoa whoa no no no oh really what
worked great and it protected you from
baby over here but are you bleeding a
little bit
what what that's creepy
but most importantly it is it gives you
this this is crazy this video there were
films ever in my life for you
I'm not to do now it's always one time I
know yes maybe one one it's gonna get to
600 pounds it will yes you can have him
back my pleasure
I'll let you know if you want to have a
playdate oh yeah like me kind of mine
now that's all what happy guys today
give this video a huge like for Ally the
baby alligator and if you want to see
more stuff like this comment down below
Ryan for a second Ali's YouTube channel
will be down below in the description if
you want to see a bunch of other
reptiles and until next week okay bye
okay bye
