what it is would it be what it dude Oh
in the last vlog you saw that I was
gonna take bun-bun to the hospital
because she bit herself really bad not
normal
we're heading to the vet we got button
bun and her little cage but since she's
nocturnal we put towels over it so it's
a little darker and looks kind of
nighttime II we looked up a bunch of
symptoms she's losing hair around her
nose a little bit around her eyes she's
biting her butt really bad like enough
where it's bleeding this is Chi Chi's
cage she has one two three four levels
bun buns cage is gonna have six levels
so that her sense will fill up the whole
cage then we put chichi in there after
bun bun gets a little bit bigger and
less afraid of everything and maybe
they'll be best of friends
finally Chi Chi goes into her little
purple castle and moves around when I'm
trying to vlog all the time so if you
ever hear this then its Chi Chi in the
background made it to the bed with a
little bunny and it was super hard to
find a hospital but we did it because we
care about you we want you to get better
Halla line you bring a good chinchilla
mommy
so I took one button in the other room
and he put her from the gate into this
little tiny thing fun bun
are you in there what if they just would
search and chill hasn't didn't even tell
us that's it a stuffy please now what if
the doctor watches our vlogs and they're
like oh let's put a stuffed you tell him
that would be so funny you wouldn't be
funny
looks like they've put other animals in
here before and I don't know who broke
this is but this is like son it's a
middle so it was probably like a little
a little Oryx dinosaur or something
maybe a BB luring status or not a baby
Dino because they're gross
but baby Lord dinosaurs fighting huh no
baby don't come fin their baby nose fat
in out of shape how's it going
everything all right we're doing good
but bun bun has seen better days
oh it's getting a lot worse worse or
maybe the better it's just gabbing over
before no no before it was only at that
spot that looks buddy so she's not in a
cage with any other animal so it's gotta
be her you gotta cooperate we got to
check your heart got a doctor listen to
it she's doing good okay jump on her
feet like those are kind of her
responsibility to clean might be a
little bit of laziness right or laziness
and coming out feeling well we're animal
stop grooming themselves oh cool oh she
likes it well that's some more food
strawberry flavor Oh Lois tap on boy
Here Come fun fun it's not you like it
you put it in your mouth it's good oh
yeah yeah good job buddy
yeah drinking it drinking it you got a
little more a little bit more took care
listen she's like I'm not thirsty there
you go
chop-chop I'm going inventories
antifungal bun-bun I know you lived on
the streets you didn't have a great
living space before you got to us but
we're gonna treat you good we got you a
bunch of medicine the doctor said within
two months maybe even less you'll be
completely healed all your hair on your
nose and your face and your eyes on your
tail and your butt will be all better
and you're gonna be as fluffy as chichi
hey boy that all you got the same little
snort guppy has to sum up what the
doctor said
he said that bun bun has ringworm which
is just a skin infection it just she
said it just it gets really itchy
so she was itching it but then it got
infected because we didn't know that's
why we needed the antifungal
antibacterial all the healing stuff that
he gave us that's a relief to me because
I thought that it was something we were
doing I thought it was gummy
scaring her throat she's carrying her I
thought she was like in the Sun too much
I thought that she was too cold she was
too hot he said from the little amount
of time we spent with him he could tell
we're very good owners and this is gonna
be a very healthy chinchilla we'd have
to give her medicine for about two weeks
bring her back in for a checkup and she
should be a-okay in about two months all
the first should be grown back honestly
the guy that sold us bun-bun was very
took very bad care of her but don't
worry because wasabi and lazy rod
studios are here to save the day doc
also said everything in bun-buns cage
bedding drinking water bottle even like
where she sleeps her houses it's all
infected with the skin infection that
she has so that is why I'm at the pet
store getting an entire new everything
for both bun bun and chichi
okay Guppies turn guppy can do it you
could do it guppy
chichi and bum bun bout to be ballin
these covers are actually meant for dogs
but hopefully they fit on their cages
because they're nocturnal so I put these
on in the date they chillin they have a
peace of mind they don't feel like in
any way shape or form in danger and then
this is for them to get in and roll
around in some chew toys a new water
thingy for bun-bun
food tray for bun-bun and a new dust
bath and wooden house for chichi this
one's for bun bun I haven't built it yet
because I can't give it to her until
she's fully healed
this is also for bun bun but she can't
get in there as well until she's fully
healed this is what I'm most excited
about this is a harness with a stretchy
leash and we look good a sentence was I
say right there for ferrets dwarf
rabbits chinchillas and other small
animals
what are you telling me I can walk my
chinchilla on a leash
no way oh oh you're stuck there's no way
the rest the rest of you is not getting
it oh my god chichi I know you love your
new house and I know you love your chew
toy but I got a harness and it's time to
go on your first walk ever this thing
does not work this is either too big or
she's too small because she immediately
escaped and now she's under here and
it's super hard to get her out maybe
we'll try to get in the morrow but a
little bit tighter
get in there
ha
welcome to the end of blog talk I know
this is like less than 10 minute vlog
but this whole process took like seven
hours we went to two different hospitals
before we actually found one that will
look at chinchillas because they're
exotic animals but it is all worth it
because bun bun has her medicine and
she's going to be completely fine and
eventually chichi and bun Minh will be
best friends and we will all live
happily ever after that's all I have for
you today and I have to go give bun bun
her medicine so I'll see you guys
tomorrow and until then do me a favor
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong okay bye
