what it is would it be what it don't
dough I've actually been very good on my
diet if you watched yesterday's
thousand-degree nice video you saw I cut
a whole bunch of giant candy I ordered
all eye candy online and one of them
came in late and it's this a giant
Ferrero Rocher candy and I'm not going
to eat it but I do something with it I
present this to you get it right now I
want to walk to you right now yeah all
it yeah oh no is it a shell of one or is
it really is one I don't know it feels
like hollow inside big - oh my god if
you that's like five times the size know
like six times ten thousand what is hate
it yeah one was on Oh would I be a bad
friend if I leave you dead by yourself
please yeah very much right now we have
arrived - potatoes movies it turns out
mr. flicks also restaurants already and
then we're going to go
look at the desert
there's one more ridiculous dessert to
bring home I can't think like this but
you'll see in an upcoming video it's
crazy walking down the street and we
came across an eyebrow threading place
it doesn't really hurt me I have no pain
I have no pain in my face does it hurt
you it hurt me did you cry oh god I
can't cry what's this fuss I won't I
won't even like point can you make it
painful nothing - I want it to be
sucking things we must again you're
going to flinch a sheet to the inside
well I really feel nothing
feels like somebody's tickling my
forehead this really is a sea falls
please why are you walking like this so
where are we we're in the last bookstore
okay light Cheryl all those other ones
are closed that's the name of the
bookstore in the last bookstore and they
have tons of books apparently and they
stood there something really cool back
here having a wall whoa yeah but whoa
and I have something to tell you what I
just found out something what daddy yeah
I have end of 11 year old kid
please don't ya know Zoey yep
I've been your girl like you wanted to
have an 11 year old baby with Alex just
you when going to go home there's no one
I do I have one I did have a baby
what okay it's a baby baby baby
you're going to be an uncle who's going
to be an uncle Lourens going to be a and
who's going to be uncle or could be a
mom
was it alive yes is alive what do you
think I'll be a good dad
no no oh wait did we go get a good dad
why dad
you can have the coolest toys yeah means
you live you have the coolest stuff and
the short amount of time we've known
each other either guys big a dad maybe
only conceal involvement okay now that's
hot I'll take it I'll take it
if you're wondering why he's walking
like this it's because he got tattoos on
his thigh and it kind of hurts so he has
to walk like this all day any of the
bars on my pledge ants
oh I haven't seen one of these in a
while this is a Japanese photo booth and
they always have really good lighting in
there it's like a million lights
Oh No the escalator is temporarily out
of service
Mary Jane right you do one spot where he
just one flat hey does it really hurt
does it
it is a scientific test okay I'm going
to touch it and if you don't say all
that it doesn't really hurt okay okay
okay we're right here
oh this wasn't what come on come on Gary
yeah we've got me your injury you're it
this is funny earlier in the vlog but
now it's just it's just Susan its East
there's no wow factor anymore what
happens if you get on the other side
blacking like that my life
prove it
I got some new shoes I got some news I
got some new shoes is you shoo shoo shoo
shoo
yeah what are you doing I found the
sweater wait we're gone we're vomiting
all right look really good so we're
waiting on Jeff she's in line I'm buying
her stuff no a heading back to the house
watch are you the one not nope I'm
thinking somebody don't worry about it
well the products are here so Lauren
might was born come between you just
have a theater in like eight hours
you're probably gonna probably have self
anything like I seize it
please for Sam oh you don't want to sit
in a time let me send this one no no no
no no no what safe
all right now sir sir here sir I like
Vicky go oh yes very well
I go come on go be sweet you're the good
it's good there's a food good Go Go Go
Go Go
did you pee what is this what is this
guppy
what did you what did you do stop what
hey hey what did you just get back here
on timeout that's something very
important you need to be nervous I'm
meaning to tell you this for a while I
just found something out and it's going
to come as a shock
nobody likes a beer dinner nobody likes
a baby
yeah yeah but it lacks a bit in a little
bit elasticity okay okay now back to
overtime handle me so nervous I found
out that I have an 11 year old baby baby
what you're a mommy baby chinchilla no
Cindy couvert no baby baby Dino no I
feel like you really enjoyed saying baby
baby Dino I really did I was like I want
a baby baby do it
that's good you helped me raise it what
is it your mommy why I'm a daddy come on
today is January 25th 2017 and that is
the day that my youtube channel turned
11 years old
Oh God this was excited by hating you
over here me like I got some the Italian
I was an 11 year-old usage oh yeah
a 11 years on YouTube you know this
cause for everybody like 70 now and the
vlog ha thank you guys so much for the
support whether you have been a year for
the entire 11 years or if this is the
first of all you've ever seen thank you
for stopping by and hanging out and just
going along with me on this crazy
journey give this vlog a big thumbs up a
big like if you're excited for eleven
more years are you gonna be the mommy of
what's I've rationed responsibilities so
11 year old baby changes neighbors no
good have diapers you have diapers
that's all I have for you guys today I
cannot express how much you guys mean to
me and I can't wait to see what the
future has in store for us the Lord s
ination vacation is in five days 66 days
so get ready cuz you about to find out
what it is and go on this crazy journey
on the other side of the world see you
guys tomorrow
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong what hasn't go on ah okay
bye
and
Oh
ah
Oh
