okay you're gonna help me yeah all right
what it is what it be what it Dean no I
was correct and my assumption yesterday
it wasn't just in my head I am sick but
it's okay because I have a nurse coming
over to take care of me and she's gonna
make me feel better
hopefully I almost didn't even start
vlogging today if you can see outside
it's nighttime but there's a lot of
things I gotta let you guys know and I
could have missed another day one of
those things is 3:00 p.m. today I posted
this picture on Instagram to do a
giveaway for the one and only wasabi
jacket I've had it for four years I
don't have it all right now cuz I'm too
sick to get up and when I stand up I get
dizzy so these guys trust this picture
go like it follow me on Instagram and
comment anything down below and you're
entered to win this contest is going on
for one week and I am picking the winner
at a random point in the week so go
comment goes down it could be in the
beginning of the week it could be on the
weekend it could be in the beginning of
next week so much stuff going on the
next little bit I cannot afford to get
sick and I love you so I want to take
care of you dispersements can't get the
same sure yes we hate Stephanie are you
gonna rub my tummy oh my god die first
are you gonna make me soup
are you gonna rub my toes no miss you're
not even touching your body booth you're
not scratching anything
discussing the air you gonna massage my
back I need to see it you have to see it
okay is that super super nice but this
uh see ya yeah it's just gonna make me
feel better and my heart of hearts
where's your face mask mousse it's not a
real cat it's just on TV the cat's not
coming to our apartment I promise you
know how they go check back here sounds
crazy it sounds like crazy person okay
look he's so smart that he knows that
the cattle TV right okay I feel like
you're making me more sick I need you to
make me feel better
you got me soup and your presence is
delightful but I need some of your
secret healing techniques to display
themselves right now please okay you're
gonna help me yeah
is that what I said step number one hug
them you see my favorite they feel
better oh and hug okay yeah step number
two hug the copies and step number three
hug the chicken this is great what do
you mean I feel great stage one complete
Stage two release the toxins from your
spine with the Hamburg ease whoa and a
little bit of a little little side of
most most okay release and release isn't
nice Lois you're not releasing the
toxins I don't know if anyone told you
but that's not how you do it that's not
proper for most where you going
Stage three me with me is stage three
complete
how many more stages are there Stage
four no three
oh this is stage 4 and stage 4 is left
the sickness out what I don't feel
better oh okay what is Stage five Stage
five asking you I know I'm a little
rusty okay I just might let you go all
today okay like literally 10 seconds ago
don't be sick
Oh Joey don't be sick
No
thank you for trying to make me feel
better I mean I do feel better thank you
for making me feel better but you can't
sleep here I don't want to sleep here
you might get sick yeah not sure I get
sick so before you go I have a little
something I need to tell you actually we
have something to tell you and it's
pretty exciting
you ready nominated for three shorty
award if you don't know what the schw√∂re
do wards are is basically the Golden
Globes of YouTube and there's other
things like the stream means actually
there's only the stream is the shorties
right there's the streaming and the
shorties both of them are super dope and
if you get nominated that's dope but if
you win that's even more dope so imma
let you know how you can be the best
supporters ever right house and home and
hamburger I was nominated or blogger of
the year that's crazy there's so many
bloggers how was I nominated it's like
five of us but how am I in that list I
just don't understand it's crazy I know
you guys see me as this big youtuber you
see Lauren as the big youtuber but we
don't see ourselves like that we see
ourselves like normal people so when you
get nominated for an award it's kind of
weird it's a really I'm
need to be bloggers than here because I
have such a special connection with my
hobby I don't like a you are meeting but
apparently the worst of the world has
noticed that we are that don't dope and
the third thing that Lorex is nominated
for is actually joey graceffa escape the
night YouTube red serious that we were
in I say that works was nominated for
three awards because if I'm nominated
for something that means Lawrence on
there or something
if she's nominated for something that
means something and if not the enemies
are nominated for something we're all
nominated for something there's no
individual so my accomplishment is her
accomplishment and vice versa oh and
your accomplishment because you guys you
guys be supporting for real bill hey I
got to tell them how to vote ok ok ok
the voting opened today and the voting
will be open until February 20 yeah so
you can vote once a day every day until
that day this one
February 22nd and the winner will be
announced in April so we just gotta work
super hard next month and the week just
on your free time they'll make the
clickety click to make the bodhi votes
for all three categories escape tonight
home and be coor home and gardening home
and hamburger and for vlogger of the
year that'd be crazy I've never wanted a
word before
unless you count the YouTube plaques
that they sent me but I've never
actually won an award award I almost won
an award in my second grade spelling bee
but I got 2nd place which is still
pretty good that's what my mom called me
come on the link to go vote is down
below get on it poke it last thing last
thing last thing last thing if you super
want to help you can go to my Twitter
and retweet the pin tweet the tweet
that's on top of my seed that'll help me
out a lot
that'll help spread the word and we
gonna win this and the wasabi is gonna
win their first award for sure
or go in there second award oh yeah what
you're going to war they want us to be
neat nice okay hey we got it we got to
work on the screen is too late that's
that's coming at later this year welcome
to the end of vlog top thanks for coming
back today and checking up on sick Alex
I feel as though I don't have the flu
because when I got the flu
I'm down I'm out for the count but today
I think I might just have a cold because
I was able to pull through and make a
little blog for you guys which is
another indication that I do not have to
flip I'd be doing it's like deep
tomorrow I'm going to get the iPhone x4
the giveaway the pictures up now this
one if you forgot don't like it comment
anything your enter to win and thank you
for all the people that are gonna be
continuously supporting the nominations
that Lauren and I are up for that is
crazy I've been on YouTube for almost 12
years On January 25th it will be the 12
year anniversary of wasabi Productions
and to finally get recognized or like
noticed it nominated for something
that's already awesome by itself even if
I don't win I'm just is dope that I was
nominated so come back tomorrow
hopefully I'm not sick hopefully this is
the last day of face masks Alex and
until then do me a favor and do not
forget to remember you're a smiling you
do whatever bye
