I don't cry what it is would it be what
a dukedom aaron has expressed for us
anybody come upstairs in 3 2 1 yeah when
we didn't plan that very well you look
at I ahead PC a little bit oh Claire I
never puts the caliphate before
here you go get him get him all right
come on could be go run like ha ha yeah
don't you for him I'll be back to play
with you guys a little bit I got a media
to go to they're going oh my gosh
could be your cat okay go go go meeting
with show well I can't tell you guys
anything about it but this year
something Crazy's gonna happen you're
not gonna know they're like don't even
try to guess because you're not going to
get into that Cup today is Monday that
means that tonight the bachelor comes on
and every week I tell Lauren no I'm not
watching it this week I am uh I am a
grown man I don't have to watch The
Bachelor so she brought backup aren't
you excited a you can embrace it
I'm not rejecting it I can't even I
can't just no I got it up bed to come
over here and watch this if I was in bed
cuddled up my cup you miss Batchelor -
she hates the bachelor he loves it and
then there's this guy
are you team bachelor I should be the
bachelor you should be a wrestler ha ha
you're gonna fly gonna fly there's 20
spots for guys next next season oh yeah
oh god you apply company you can apply -
I want to be on it why I just think
she's gonna send me home
yeah well I feel it like I'm just not
the guy for that show according to the
show not if you're your true self who
you are on the inside
oh good night seven-year career Oh go
from youtuber to bachelor okay what
here's I don't like Nick he's never been
but he might change my mind but he's not
a good talker I don't like the show I
know right that's I'm saying no no you
guys are misunderstanding later you
don't have a solo I know why don't you
do a YouTube Bachelor youtube if you're
watching Alex Bobbi's blog we should do
a YouTube Bachelor I'll be the bachelor
is so nice of you I don't want to I
don't want the girls to be youtubers I
just want them to end just to be random
girls but will hosted you know on
YouTube yeah yeah yeah yeah me again
that's good you actually haven't seen
this you actually have to do this so
after the show you guys so you guys will
agree how bad it is okay okay how's the
house already no no is it going to
Corinne rehab oh no way they can't be
it's not going to be
oh no way what copy what no way noted
nice know what I know she's not uh Nick
is not here for love come on get your
head in the game the Rice's know you did
it why you're come home yeah you're not
invited to Monday best let marathon for
anymore
okay I don't want to watch it either
she's forcing it he doesn't want to cry
that's so big no tears no tears either I
just applaud guys yes everybody Queens
The Bachelor fellas pick me and I also
nominate someone so if you want to go to
abc.com backlash back for one and not
make me and say any low weight what's
the heck guess is the on last hashtag on
deklerk with you on back to a hashtag
movie on bachelor we're going to make
this happen we're gonna make all your
dreams come true this is your birthday
present this is worried you weren't
supposed to really do it so we're
watching The Bachelor and it got me
thinking
so yeah thank you good cameraman I work
like everyone their own really easy that
it hurt my fault well you like it okay
good I have one more surprise for you
guys
come downstairs single-file line get
behind me come on everybody we're almost
there we're almost there this residue /
we're here
this guy that's good you got your manure
airborne
did you pee those you know pH by that go
Oh Lauren we do are you pooping you poop
change that up oh come on that's
definitely a good thing to brag about
yes what is that no get out of here
ah don't do it good okay here ready to
the nightmare oh that was definitely
nightmare material right there
oh come here come here you're standing
on his own no come on dog can he swim in
reward it is joy third dress it really
looks okay yeah and you like a little
peek so lucky you everybody is holding
in love yeah you so it like no one we're
holding up going probably not touching
you yeah you're holding in gummy sinks
it was hell dollar you're on top of the
world of all right now go over there
over there go go oh my gosh I got my
phone where is it is it going I had it
in my hand
wait wait I think I hear it yeah
I was jumping not from here and it's all
I decided right away more that's me
right here other girls not find it and
we need to put them all that way guys on
my foot hard boy yeah how about it
welcome to the end of vlog talk so glad
there Lauren said yes to being my
Valentine that was a close one
it's coming up soon and I almost didn't
have any time for 2017 so Christie she
said yes and let's all try our hardest
to get Suzy on The Bachelor that would
be it was going to be a very awesome
season it would be funny it would be
drama and as long as I've known him he
has he has struggled finding love so
maybe this is the past that he needs to
take in order to find it we are one day
closer to the secret Lords destination
vacation and I get more excited each and
every day and I hope you do too
I have a bunch of stuff planned today so
I got to edit this get to that stuff so
I can get another vlog be up tomorrow so
I'll see you then and until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong okay
bye
