what it is would it be what did you tow
I have friends hey guys if you remember
from North Carolina's vlogs around
Christmas time this guy clean my teeth
very nice and he has the five toad cat
or a six toed cat said six toed cat
growth and this is guppy he is a model I
just think I think he's a model I think
that's what he's born to do with that
face I wish my face look like that I
wish I was like like five minutes of him
laying here but but like nobody else
they'll be like okay okay that's all
that's a little excessive Alex today is
a very special day because it's one of
my best friend's birthday you might know
him as Yusuf Eric at tonight we're
celebrating his a birth so people come
in overnight in about two hours
so that means I have to clean get food
eat the food change and fix my hair
that's not enough time
bun-bun can't come to the party right
yes your honor issues like performance
oh it's just mark down here I don't know
anybody else would have been my pleasure
first of all very first of all you'll be
looking good girl oh stop oh my god you
the cutest nerd I ever did see
second of all
chicken nugget waaaaah
well the only thing we have a coordinate
way let's go put it in cookies we done
if you're wondering how someone can be
so excited about closet light bulbs is
because I don't care if I have a closet
light bulb will not my burned out about
45,000 for prehistoric ages ago 45,000
period thirty-eight years ago and I
finally got a new one probably like
eight months later let me do it can you
do it nope maybe maybe if you if you dip
your toes what about you - because no
cubby where people in a guppy got you on
your boat change the booth I always
hoped to put it in there or yeah Celeste
yeah y'all do have to have a little fun
- of stock okay don't don't freak out
don't play okay I'm gonna do it okay
oh yeah yeah yeah try it out me actually
got soft bones and bright ones that's
awesome right last one okay bright one I
don't get that bright bright you try to
get up right right
I get that boyfriend oh oh no no baby
gummy don't go around your bit - yeah
haha let me go over what we're good okay
yeah oh yeah I'm good the Coopers
Wow big nor booby go okay it's party
time
ones up before then Lizzie go to my
house every single day and we gotta have
a special cake so we didn't want him to
find it in the freezer could be also
just goes into my freezer goes to a
fridge
go to my pantry to find what I have so
we had to hide it at this guy's
apartment yes did you eat it
roll it was so good you in it I'm sorry
no you did it one of the best idea I've
ever had my you didn't lie people lie oh
there it is magic it was gone
thank you for hiding this cake for us
I'm talking a little bit no can I have
my lollipop back please hey hey hey get
let go let go let go what let go no no
okay okay okay he's pet her behind her
ear while I dig it Carly calm down yeah
I just scratched my on her ear it works
it works
go go
oh wait flex what Oh - the bottom of it
oh my god oh my god this is the next
morning aftermath we got miss four days
but don't worry because I'm going to
clean it up when this guy wakes up to
help me hello
wake up man hey don't touch him nobody
loves Uzi no no no please stop please
don't don't don't don't stop
put it away you did you have funny
birthday yeah yeah was it last year what
do we do is a you me Lauren and Samia we
had a little cake no way less you were a
TC oh no he's change the year before
that really remember I ate a dog biscuit
because you're like it's my birthday you
have to eat this don't rip dog versus oh
here die haha
I hit a dog biscuit for their birthday
was in your birthday it's always good my
birthday's coming up March 28th good
again are you gonna throw me a big fat
party at your apartment
I'm goofy Oh dolly you know what time it
is it's time for the end of vlog talk
hope you guys had fun celebrating with
me and my friends I have to go because I
have to edit clean head to a meeting
then meet it with some friends for an
awesome adventure you will see tomorrow
but before I go I want to say one thing
what today what do indeed it is Monday
23rd that means 8 days until we go to
the secret Lorex destination vacation on
February 1st we leave we land on the 2nd
so in February 1st we out we leave it
we're going somewhere in the world
somewhere on that map we will be out of
this country and you guys are coming
along if you guys like this vlog give it
a big thumbs up and comment down below
if you have a guess for where the secret
Lorex destination vacation is and I'll
see you guys tomorrow until then do me a
favor don't forget remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong ok bye
