what it is would it be what it dude oh
this is a head massager if you haven't
put one of you on your head then you
have not lived whoo well there's the
goosebumps
there is the goosebumps one bun we have
one week for you to convince Chi Chi
that you guys are best friends we
believe in you positive thinking okay
only big positive thoughts in your
little tiny chinchilla brain and it will
happen did you get bit by a radioactive
spider tonight I am filming next week's
wasabi Wednesday and it's going to be
super dope super dangerous and super
diligent but first Lauren is bringing
some friends over to play in our Bolton
she does is a lot I'm seriously starting
to think that she DC for my ball pit so
you know how you bring friends over here
to play my ball pit all the time is that
is that why you're dating me I knew it I
knew it
yeah yeah it's down those stairs
ha ha ha ha ha yeah Jonny if you can
jump this wall you can go oh you so cute
you look like a floating chicken nugget
so we don't hang out with very many
other YouTube couples so I have a few
questions for you okay okay I wrote some
down okay I want to see how our
relationships match up okay yeah I am
okay do you often have to watch Bachelor
and or any other dating reality shows
yeah hahaha okay
everyone doesn't ever like okay do you
do you have to make a lot of trips to
Michaels and or Target have stuff animal
taking over your life oh good they're
lucky they're for those calories why are
there so many Bela okay do you uh do you
have a colorful bed comforter okay good
good yeah cows are they yours yeah last
question does she not appreciate the
sophisticated exotic aromas of your
manly farts no I didn't either
I put fuzz working tomorrow it's really
caramel what don't move don't taste it
you have a guppy on your butt my buddy
always wanted but I do too
okay go sleep oh just hold your hand
actually try to have that phone in today
so we are at least to the desk of
kitchen right now if that was on about
seven months let me assure your in there
killed Wilson some old so seriously and
then I got my file who is by the ten how
about this play against some alumni of
this high school
No
yeah okay don't run in the seat hey make
good decisions say it's cool
only you can prevent forest fires
welcome to the end of log talk you know
it's just conveniently waiting Oh wake
up e you know ask for it on baby Dino at
least once a day you know baby you know
poops in your mouth and you're sleeping
yeah
today I played the worst basketball game
I ever played okay it might not be the
worst but it feels like it I only scored
once I don't know what was going on I'm
tired I was yawning on the court but
we're playing again on February 11th so
you guys should come I don't not sure
where it is well I think it's in Sal's
anok's California I don't know where
that is and I don't know if it's at
Thousand Oaks High School but I know
it's in Thousand Oaks so if you guys are
around On February 11th come watch me
play and hopefully I'm not I don't play
as bad as I did today bad if you forgot
the secret Lorex destination vacation
nine days the nine days February 2nd to
the 10th then I come back then
basketball game I gotta tell you guys
something I need you does not do this at
my next basketball game
and that is bring me stuffies don't
bring us baby
oh no more selfies bring Oh Abbi no more
candy
great huh no candy you have to make me
fat with the candy and you're happy with
the sappy not happy with the stuffing
you see this this is all from the
basketball game thank you guys so much
it's so nice of you but then there's all
these stuffies hello that's I killed
stuffing right there yo hello hello
hello
now we have an elephant got a hamster
we got a monkey you got a bear we got
that thing that thing but these pictures
are really cool I love this cubby or mr.
Gilbert ha ha ha and I love these ok you
could bring some of these but don't
forget anything else no more candy
no more stuffy favor we talked about
ball game last night
I know various cousins or sibling this
that's all I have to you guys today
I'll see you tomorrow as always it until
then do me a favor and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong
ok bye
ah
