who's gonna do it leprechauns do it
we're gonna do it I'm gonna do it what
it is would it be what it don't go today
is the day that's you to pull the best
friends I'm sure of it
but first Lora needs me you summoned me
for what I'm gonna do right now
yeah if I win can I get rid of David you
know no favorite turd mister don't work
you like sir collector no my guard hi do
you want to come help me pair up on bun
and chichi later do you think Network
you go at the doorbell please that
doorbell ever if you guys think of
anything funny that you and me record
for Lauren doorbell next menu in the
coming to the news the one most liked
will be reported
wow it's a really nice day outside don't
you agree yeah did you do something
different with your hair huh huh you
look a little a little weird well I'm
wearing a foundation oh that might be it
yeah hmm cool
nap time yeah okay
we took your sisters time for the dust
bap1 gun here first it's been a few days
and the guns used each other since now
they don't jump at each other at the
cage they sniff each other and I think
they're getting used to it this morning
I quit for bed so a chichi no sleep and
buns on set and bugs I have 20 cheese
bed W you guys now I'm going to put one
bun in here and get her scent in here
and then put chichi in here and let them
days and there's dust for a few hours
and then we'll go to transparent put
them together one more gets here all
right we got one buck oh yeah getting
all kinds of Queen today
chichi you're next
don't worry your big butt in there oh oh
good you should go I hope that one day
you aspire to be as fluffy as chichi
that is the goal of all chinchilla to be
as fluffy as possible when I pet you now
no pet yeah I'm petting you I'm petting
you down here now I'm putting you down
under your arm I'm putting it under out
in the morning I'm gonna put chichi and
bun bun in the same cage and I'm gonna
need you there for moral support they
need their big brother okay no he's this
is the middle child the middle child
okay are you listening to me
huh huh hey seriously are you listening
are you listening to like man I need you
to be there for your sisters your big
sister and also the Chi Chi the oldest
guffy the middle tile and then there's
bun bun your hat you to help your older
sister and watch over your little sister
the same time who's gonna do it
yep you guys do it we're gonna do it got
it coming through it could be gonna do
it good become a do it guppies gonna do
yeah I'm gonna do it yeah are you ready
for the moment of truth
yeah we're about to put them into
thinking they might try to kill each
other
no I'm going to be friends just like I
want you to maybe see them all to be
friends baby who you know that Oh
punch it you got my back let's do this
thing
its morning time right now so this is
the best time to try to pair them whoa
the reason for that is because they are
tired in the morning because they're
nocturnal so they were up all night and
now hopefully they'll remain calm and
cooperative throughout this process
well done probably think she's just a
giant dog right now oh my god that's a
huge dog ready I'm scared so we
separated the cages because we learned
from last time that you have to do this
slowly and carefully oh my godula buddy
you do it now I'm not gonna have and I
got out of the pot he's got his guys
scooper out me yeah this will be cookie
cookies to get in this oh oh wow ooh I
see you I see you okay okay okay okay
okay now bun bun we're in both players
have entered the arena Julie yeah one of
us yeah oh yeah okay let's see Oh
tgd you know I think it's been like a
week come on really hunting not purge it
hey why are you doing you crazy she's
trying to kill her
stop what should we do I think we did
everything we could do please give it
more time oh my gosh
GG hei Bai Bai there's a sky
scoffs I'm just going to keep you in
there for the daytime because all you
guys do is sleep and then at night I'll
put you back in your big space and put a
little baby bun bun back in her case my
mind's more active in Chi Chi though and
you see like the big one
yeah but GG's big and that's her house I
can't believe it didn't work we did
everything every article online said to
do we switch their dust baths we switch
their bedding who switched their toys we
switch their cages what the Cracker
Jacks pairing did not work it's been a
week I read online that it should take
about a week or two so we're going to
wait until the second week to see if
they pair but apparently there is a 30%
chance that they will just never pair
they'll never like each other
they'll never get used to each other
it's a pretty big age difference that
might be the problem
I feel like bun bun is open to the
friendship GT is not open to the
friendship could an only child for too
long so how you felt when I other
siblings report that someone hey we
might have to get another chinchilla a
third one no no we got one bun 40 cheese
but if she doesn't like bun bun what do
we do with one button but you take her
back to the farm the forum is a great
place
I bet Bundren has a bunch of friends
there we don't want to return bun bun
and get another inch illa one more week
for them to pair and if it doesn't
happen we'll cross that bridge when we
get there I know I hit you guys with a
lot of cuteness today with all the
chinchilla stuff and guppy guppy do it
ill and guppy doing whatever this was
he's like teary Maxo guppy was doing
earlier and your puppy Custer
but I hope you guys enjoyed it and if
you did make sure to go hit the
subscribe button and the notification
bell so you are notified for when
there's more cuteness coming up
I really am worried about these
chinchillas because it's morning time
that means they're up all night long and
this is as tired as they get and
cheechee was still trying to bite her
sister and uh that's gonna be a problem
I am losing hope in their best
friendship miss but we have to stay
positive we're going to give them one
more week so next Friday if they haven't
become best friend yet and paired then
we're going to have to figure out
another solution every chinchilla manual
says that chinchillas should not live
alone you should always get to so if
they don't pair then we can't have bun
bun and chichi because then we had to
get somebody for bun bun and another
person for T G that means for
chinchillas we can't take care of 14
children
we who is next so uh if you guys live in
California come to my basketball game
tomorrow
it's ten dollars at 6:00 p.m. on
Saturday January 21st at La Habra High
School in La Habra California that's
about like an hour and a half for me so
I'm already going to be driving an hour
and a half to go play in this charity
basketball game so you guys should come
out there's going to be a whole bunch of
other people there's going to be a whole
bunch of people playing some people from
TV shows some people for movies then
there's I think I'm the only youtuber
and it's going to be fun so come out
take pictures we'll say hi we can
high-five you guys can come help me
cheer for me so I don't miss my baskets
when I shoot the balls into the hoop and
it'll be a lot of fun so I hope to see
you there I know it's kind of
last-minute because it's tomorrow but if
you're free and you have time come by
you guys loved yesterday's video it did
so good there are so many comments so
many likes on that video I think it has
more like
and comments than any video I've posted
in the last month
you guys went insane over it and we had
a lot of fun making it except I had to
spend too much time with baby Dino and I
threw up if I'm out a little bit so by
the night baby do you know we won the
poll not majority like baby Dino and we
won the battle so I think it's just time
that you just give in you just admit
here so I actually don't know if you won
the battle because I stopped to check on
you because you kind of lost who ended
up with baby Dino and carrier count ouch
I did but uh who stopped fighting first
who ended who took baby to daycare I did
because I felt bad for you could be lost
so hard
mm-hmm you guys let me know in the
comments below what you guys think
happens because technically I think I
wouldn't the fight also while you're
down there commenting if you guys want
more videos like that like scripted
stuff written out like this or more
videos with baby Dino make sure to go
down below and hit the like button so I
know that you guys want more of that see
you guys tomorrow on the next vlog and
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
