new new vlog is out new blog is up a a
new what it is what it be what I do doh
you hungry bun bun when you get older
and calm down then you can play with
chinchilla but right now you're too
rambunctious you're just too darn
rambunctious you hungry chichi ok feed
you one scoop for chichi and go bunny
bunny one Oh chichi me look what the bun
bun Higa bun bun stop playing tender
time dinner time for the Chi Chi's not
for the good cups
ok leave them alone it's how to eat
dinner I don't think I can watch are you
the one I don't think what's the best
Larry I know everybody there's just some
things before these have to do this is
what Nick will never be Ben I agree that
Nick will never be Ben have you seen the
new nobody likes baby dinos trailer I
know but I've seen that everybody likes
a dino trailer
ok let's watch it and then we'll watch
you chose you got to prepare yourself if
you haven't seen it go watch it no more
stuff you're an all-star my lashes look
good they can stick in my life ever
you kick and you kiss
find out who wins math sabe winded
excited about how it turned out but I'm
not excited that baby Dino is in the
title I didn't want to name it big but
you know but it made the most sense
oh yeah get a guppy get it nobody likes
it Dino ghetto Guppies everything oh let
go don't let go
no but yeah well oh how did you know get
him guppy girl coming down I have a
request there is so much baby Dino stuff
happening that it's getting out of
control and what I mean by this is
the pictures that you guys could make it
I don't like things encounters one let's
check this one out and then this is the
best one don't make those in there
no no more babies you know edit make em
remember please get out unless unless
you unless it's funny like like the last
ones kind of funny yeah they're all good
I know that I have been slacking on the
vlog this week I missed two or three
days I can't remember but it's because
I've been working on this nobody loved
baby Dino thing I've been writing it and
I'm super excited if you get to see it
but for now I'm stuck shopping or a
downtown that it's shopping for Lauren
stuff no just for funsies limited camera
this is the most fun Z's I've ever had I
know maybe a montage of this shopping
day will make it more fun
probably not
Oh
Oh
Oh
you grew into the shot chicken nugget
what uh-ohhhhh
are you guys having your first sleepover
ever
what are you it's so exciting for you
guys the pros right ah ah come be
healthy I'm being attacked
oh yeah well now I need a vote who says
that nobody loves babies you know
resident oh my love baby day what guys
chillin you know you guys nobody
ah God fungus are you on my side Bunga
nah don't let those guys they're gonna
brainwash you
I have my friends here and no not not
him we are gonna give him a little lip
makeover yeah she was putting our lip
gloss by Kylie and I was like what I've
never put lip gloss on before answer
your online I let Sonny know that me
okay I'm about to be beautiful John the
falling point yeah another beautiful
yeah I put up ah by the way for those if
you want to recreate this look this is
math world guys double lights happening
now this is high production faz is
really full lips you do I was just
looking good yeah no way oh I was at you
no way ha
no I buy some of your merch we actually
look great Wow see ya oh it was a little
hamper key mm-hmm you can do the makeup
and make a lovely a big lips with makeup
oh my god I mean yeah whoa you over 100
years
welcome to the end of vlog talk turd end
of wonder no nothing nothing nothing
I just ate pizza before that ice cream
before that rockets candy before that
ice cream before that salad of 1,500
calorie Stalin and the Laurens secret
destination vacation is a two and a half
weeks away every second we go to it
she's been done get on her diet I've not
been but I have two and half weeks do
you think I can make a difference
internally you stop eating candy and
poop if you like my new kylie jenner
lips give this video a big thumbs up
don't forget to subscribe if you have
not I'll see you guys tomorrow until
then give me a favorite don't forget us
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it
bibbity now raw okay bye
you
Oh
Oh
