what it is would it be what did you tow
new new vlog is out new clock is out a a
new new vlog is out do community log it
out pieces no they know please let go
let go my hand I know you love that
sound
stop new no bargain ah ah today is the
day that I will make sleepy bun bun
friends with sleepy chichi it's going to
happen
so hold on to your big ears because we
go over all right la I read a bunch of
articles on how to pair chinchillas
pairing chinchillas is very essential
and it takes patience apparently but
we're going to see if we could speed up
the process for my research it says it
takes about a week for them to become
familiar with each other but there are
techniques to make this happen a lot
quicker so we're going to go through and
do almost apparently was already made a
big mistake because this is Chi Chi's
house I would put bun bun and chi Chi's
house so Chi Chi felt threatened on her
home turf so we got one bun her own
little cage some assembly required
no no cover is not for you that class
get out get out go crazy I know you're
excited but I'm working on it right now
they're sitting in chi Chi's cage which
was all hers but we split it into two so
that they could have half each but we
were told that is not the best method
what we need to do is put this little
girl in to her new bedding and then she
can have her own scent in her own little
space that doesn't have the sense of
another chinchilla on it I have asked
for the help of my assistant to move
bun-bun into this cage you can that's
cute you got yourself that's why I know
bye hey scoop knows both sides
hey I just like this scoop scoop scoop
scoop you scoop you Scoob oh you gotta
figure out which we're gonna run away
he's gonna run away he's gonna run away
go look Oh
it's okay they can jump like six people
are used to falling bun bun bun
hey oh we did it okay welcome to your
new home bun bun just for a little bit I
know it's not super spacious but it'll
do for now
Hulk look yeah Gua that's Spanish for
water yeah seriously should you stop
being a bully
what hope should make it the puppy you
know the best thing about sinning is to
jello cages but if it gets super dirty
in like an hour
the easiest way to clean it to tilt cage
is my bathtub there are a lot of parts I
need to rinse and wash off to get Chi
Chi send-off and this is a bit little
yourself
yeah bro hamburger juicy hamburger love
super green blood my fish you know your
bid you there's a whole other half of
the cage what please looking at you look
along me yeah you like it yeah she's
like Oh anything with UG I want to hang
out with chit chit what TG has never
ever once climbed on the wall like that
did he was literally break the peace she
tried to hang on now package is not
skilled look at this what is that
we got a mochi I thought we want it we
ordered scintilla cages fully cleaned
cloth stairways washed bedding washed
dried everybody's happy waters full I
give you as little treats and now you
are side by side so you can get to know
each other a little bit better
I kept the cages about an inch apart so
they can't bite each other but they can
see each other get used to seeing each
other and eventually start holding hands
and cuddling that's what chinchillas are
famous for once they become friends
which will eventually happen they will
start cuddling and holding hands I've
never seen chinchillas cuddle in real
life or hold hands but it's going to
happen
chichi has three beds I cleaned all
three of them and I put one in bun-buns
bed I'm going to switch them out every
day so they get used to each other since
as well Gigi brazen to bully hey be nice
you bully Gigi
haha but don't put your face too close
oh my god okay maybe I'll separate a
little bit more there we go come on bun
bun your first another technique to
familiarize a chinchilla with another
chinchilla is to put them in the same
dust bag oh yeah there you go
we put chichi in second so she can get
used to bun bun sense because she is the
aggressive one she is the territorial
one because she's lived here this is her
space so we had to get her used to bun
bun because bun bun doesn't seem to have
a problem with you you're just kind of a
blood head I've done everything that I
could find on how to get you guys to be
friends so the rest is up to you guys I
believe that one day this bond could
grow into a sisterhood and you'll have
each other's backs and you will go in
adventures and journeys that you can't
even take heed why are you trying to
kill your sister that's your future best
friend come on bun bun I don't know if
it's a good idea to be showing off she's
kind of fat she can't do the things you
can do fun bun be careful
chichi spice tea would you guys like to
meet guppy guppy I would like you to
meet your new sister bun bun
oh they like each other
this is a good older brother watching
over your baby sister the prodigies come
so far from being a little button head
allow yourself nice this is the first
vlog with all three of you together in
one shot
no guppy you don't have to be in a cage
you're a dog
guppy thinks he's a chinchilla now
welcome to the end of vlog you got me I
just like you Athena talk I do not match
him I'm Forrest greenies do good lime
green you're both wearing baby Dino
green it's not even a color
yes baby Dino green the cleaning of Chi
Chi's cage is complete and the pairing
of the two has just begun why are they
sleeping because they're nocturnal Oh
either they say it takes a week for them
to become best buds but I think we can
do it in about three days three days
what's today Thursday I bet that we can
do it by the end of the weekend
oh my god yes because I feel it I feel
their kin kinship is that a word akin to
being a kinship no please no nobody
likes being I mean I hope you like these
you know I can't wait to show you guys
what it looks like when chinchillas are
best friends they hop around together
they go crazy together they hold hands
they they eat together they drink
together they become oh it's nuzzle if
they become like like life partners and
you can't really understand until you
see it so make sure to come back because
it is their destiny to be best friends
no can sit you know what we're going to
sell this we already did on clearing you
lost
yeah but we're going to be honest we're
going to settle this physically
tomorrow's video is going to be all
about how much you run most everything
iOS nobody loves me did you know the
entire video it will say thank you do
you you do make sure to come back
tomorrow because it will be the day that
I defeat they used to come to your love
no I will battle them to the death and I
will be the victor
ah see you guys tomorrow
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it video raw hopefully that's
about a hard one okay bye
Oh
ah
