let him go let him get to learn each
other ah ah no no is it okay Gigi stop
JJ no imagine what it is would it be
what it well good we're leaving bro it's
over dude Oh
goodbye Hawaii you have brought much joy
into my life and I will never forget you
alright so it was a really long walk we
had to walk all the way over there so he
picked up this wheelchair apparently has
some special talents yeah yeah he's
basically balancing on one wheel Seeley
Booth I had to oh shoot dude you're so
cool I know he didn't have to get me
first class again man
she's getting ridiculous I'm not letting
by my flights anymore but we're having
sitting next to each other so I'm pretty
upset about that but
it's one be and to be is to different
aisles are two different rows I was just
going to sleep with you how do you got
like $30 earlier probably get like prior
six four hours anymore there you go
thank you my brain
I haven't blow from the last two days
because I've just been really tired and
it usually only happens when I come back
from vacation time or like one of
different time zones but now I'm back
and okay and I'm about to meet somebody
for the first time ever
okay who are you 10 hi Ken hi Ken ken
come here
hi I'm Alex oh can be nice sit down
let's get a good boy I can't tell ya
it's low so short whoa we caught that
one hey hey hey hey give it up hey go
here kisses Oh
Thursday and catch it
faster faster
hey Ken I need to talk to you you are
way too long hey Ken I'm gonna throw
unless you bring it closer
thank you that counts you got to put it
close to me nope nope not close enough
sorry
now cool stuff ken closer nope
closer closer I can't reach it still too
far thank you hey are you saying oh no
not the first key not done those please
he's half on me through them we barely
know each other why do you have the head
and neck of a normal dog and the body of
a hot dog hey put in my hand thank you
let go let go okay the kabhi kabhi kabhi
keratin the pink a pink important the
pink a pink approaches hey hey come hey
hey Lauren went to the gym but when she
gets back
oh alright I wasn't done with my
sentence as I was saying when Lauren
gets back we're gonna introduce your new
sister to the vlog okay get it you hear
me hey hey hey I came home from Hawaii
and Erin surprised me he had a new pet a
new member of the family
a new person in the vlogs and her name
is bun bun first you have the Chi Chi
and now you have the bun bun hit button
fun head fun fun she is 3 months old and
Chi Chi is 2 years old if you want to
see the first reaction I had to her go
to my brother's vlogs check
out it's hilarious I was like what is
that Lauren came up with the name bun
bun because he looks like a little bunny
I did the bunny rabbit the crazy thing
is Aaron let them meet for like three
seconds and they got a little
rambunctious but my theory is because he
put them in tikis cage and that's her
territory so if we put them in a mutual
space maybe they'll be friends and they
can like get to know each other so let's
do it
hi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi Chi hi did
you eat the whole day wait first in the
arena weighing way too much with a
creeper gray coat is Chichibu blue next
entering the arena only three months of
age barely even starting her new journey
into life is bond bond time didn't done
didn't dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun
alright I can't get on a song here dun
dun dun dun dun dun yeah here just let
him go let him explore hi chichi
look you have a sister go say hi to your
sister be nice go say hi to your sister
that's fine but none is so fast yeah
bun-bun is fast we didn't get chichi
that earlier than age Oh see look oh no
let him go let him get the learn each
other ah ah no no is it okay Gigi stop
JJ no JT okay grab grab grab Padma
chichi what are you doing you're being a
bully dear little sister got one cast
that one dang 2g okay good that's not
good so this is not because of chichi
this is just a little it's a defense
mechanism actually that chinchillas have
that she had when we got her but they
said the hair will grow
on the back hey bun bun it's okay she's
just she just it's a new new child
coming into the house and she's a
jealous older sibling but you guys will
learn to love each other and you will
start to cuddle and it'll be good times
for everybody's oh don't bite me welcome
to the end of vlog talk that didn't go
very well
bun bun is just as a child and chichi is
a grown adult so hopefully they'll meet
in the middle and GG will take her under
her wing and teach her her ways we got
chichi
from like a pet store so chichi is very
domesticated she's very calm and nice
and and very just like she's it's Chi
Chi is Chi Chi bun bun we like rescued
from a crazy man that raised chinchillas
who wasn't as like nurturing so it was a
little crazy she goes everywhere she
jump out on the cage she'll climb the
walls and everything chichi will just
chill in the corner and just be Chi Chi
so hopefully they'll find a middle
ground make sure to come back tomorrow
because we are going to try different
methods to to enhance their bond we're
gonna try to get them to bond and we're
going to try different ways and I have a
bunch in my mind already so come back
tomorrow and see if Chi Chi is gonna
kill her sister hopefully not hopefully
that doesn't happen and will will we'll
see how it goes see you guys tomorrow
and until then do me a favor and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
