what it is would it be woody to toe
starting the first day off in Hawaii
with surfing lessons yeah I'll be back
I'm on surfing oh hi sisters please come
sweet dreams made it to the beach
Lexi picked me up and now she's gonna
take picture as well as Riley teach me
huh yeah oh you're gonna teach me out
there how long have you been watching
the vlog since the third vlog ever so
over a year ago every day you want to
know where the lorax secret destination
vacation is okay I'll tell you okay oh
yes I know okay
excited yeah just one month away and
those blogs are gonna be lit how's it I
heard you're a professional used to be
we're gonna serve yeah I'm gonna be
awesome yeah you got some beach all to
yourself
where's our uh nice okay you guys ready
to off this whole beach for me hi are
you the famous surfing dog come on come
here are you gonna serve today are you
gonna serve hahaha this is the sunscreen
they said I have to use how do I can you
do it that's it dad am I good then you
have a day I'm protected
oh I gotta rivet in you have someone Hey
Hey yeah some sand on your nose buddy
you can step on it feel free yeah so
this is what we call a blessing right
okay I want to make sure we know we're
doing for weed out there
pound pound pound starting your knees
perfect go I bring the foot forward
let's go up
big guys going in this is happening
that's done surfing in Hawaii that's
what's the GoPro
Oh
surfer talk to you
hey how was it yes holiday surfer now
it's okay hey so tiny
can't believe on the server this guy
best student I've ever had Wow okay how
many how long I've been teaching five
years what no lies he's saying it for
the vlog he's testin on his first choice
that was crazy
what just happened I like tipped us
tight if you know but it-it's not too
much cuz I tipped you guys but I also
threw in a little bit more cuz we were
out there she told me that Tia was a
little cold and there was a wetsuit and
it's like about to 50s I put a little
bit more in there so you guys can give
her what food you're gonna have a wet -
you don't even know what that means yet
but you're gonna be so warm surf HML if
you guys ever come to Honolulu there's a
oo ahoo right yes okay if you ever come
here come surf here they taught me how
to do a head stands on the first drive
Thank You Lexi I'll show you my way mat
now so much fun next time I bring Lauren
yes I love wine baby Dino come on we're
getting along so well no favor he's
popping up in this Hawaii trip he made
this trip even more awesome I was I'm so
happy and I'm so excited to see if she
has what - yes it's so cool we're on the
way back and I'm trying to figure out
what to title the video that's about to
come out which now you're watching this
will be yesterday's video
it's either childhood dream fail or
first back flip off a boat ever and then
a picture of me doing a backflip off a
boat so which one would you click on
both of that but we gotta pick one
though yes vote because of its thumbnail
mmm
but then I like the title to the other
my back foot one ah youtuber decision
you guys as school buses look a lot
different than our school buses Thank
You Bari captain what of the school oh
that the firetruck oh we're almost back
to my hotel and Lexi gives me this bag
of snacks to take but there's so much
candy in here and I'm trying I'm on a
diet it's hard to wake up and eat
healthy but I do it because I care about
my body what you eat good before you
came to serve right for breakfast yeah
well I had skittles and Captain Crunch
but that's that's because I'm on
vacation
that's vacation breakfast usually I'm at
home a lot healthier I eat like I eat
cinnamon toast crunch and M&M there's a
difference okay guys Oh Security's here
oh they ended up getting kicked out of
the hotel so we went out to the sidewalk
and took a bunch of pictures and now
it's time to see if Bryce is awake
what were you I got one word for you
what headstand surfing to it thank you
wait how come I can I come bro good you
wouldn't wake up why just like do do
does maybe I should do do we're sitting
here at this beachside restaurant like
thirty kids came up they're still over
there Sean there's a fuel and one of
them found us and gave us a present and
it is this hat if you watched my logs
before you guys we're the cuckoo squad
then I merged everybody together and
they became wasabi ins so this is the
cuckoo Prince that is what my old
nickname I love it I am still the cuckoo
Prince and not only that it says wasabi
on the back and not only that they got
the cuckoo princess one for gloried this
does asad me on the back and cuckoo
princess you guys this is like one of
the best the best present this is
Bryce's first plate and his entire taco
fell on because he doesn't know how to
eat a taco right and he thinks he's
eating it right
you're eating it way wrong no no no no
you're dropping everything you got to
eat it sideways you can't eat it no look
look I'm telling you okay bye guys so
you ready to go lay out on the beach yes
sir
I gotta do my tan up I'm kind of go kind
of him okay
whoa who is cold oh yeah oh yeah right
back to LA wait bro I think it's like
like you're anyway I got towards the Sun
that's California cuz the Sun is in
California right
hey are you guys getting my shot are you
copying me guys guys stop stop a new
person joined our adventure and his name
is edamame yo sup guys edamame this is
rice and this is for Saffy that's so
funny
bye guys bye your family so nice man
yo what ah you guys making me look fat
o.o what building nothing i'll see like
a pick it up up here oh no okay alright
this is a lot okay wait it's not working
hold on how did you do it oh no are we
going to edit
we're not going to it you know whatever
your head on it I'm kind of tired
welcome to the end of vlog talk tomorrow
going back to reality back to LA but I
will never forget a lot of the memories
that were made on this trip I did a
backflip off a boat we explored Hawaii
met a bunch of Hawaiian wasabi ins
snorkeling learned how to surf surf to
the dog surfed upside down and everyone
I met on this trip was so nice Thank You
Hawaii for giving me such an amazing
adventure that's all I have for you guys
today actually one more thing a wild
rice come and his natural habitat
Shh see you guys tomorrow on until then
do me a favor and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
you
