what it is would it be what it do though
out here in Hawaii about to go on the
first adventure and what is that
adventure uh as you can see there's a
train right there about the hop on a
tube - yeah girl you know whoo-hoo or
the seed true it's so bright today we're
gonna be swimming with dolphins and sea
turtles and they said this is the
perfect time of year in Hawaii to see
blue whales blue whales
if you didn't know is the largest animal
in the world if I remember correctly
they're the length of two full-size
school buses that's like 70 feet long
and just their tongue is the size of the
largest land animal which is an elephant
ever since I was 12 years old and I
watched castaway with Tom Hanks and he
was drifting in the ocean on that little
man-made raft he made and that whale
came up and turned his head to the side
I looked at him I was like it's so big
Tom Hanks was smaller than that whales
eyeball in the movie so I want to see it
in real life don't feed the birds Brian
stop don't feed the birds what up stop
it's bad for them no no no oh you're
definitely gonna be one of those old men
on the bench in the park feeling hurt I
mean I think I am
we bout to go to the open sea thank you
like oh I just have to protect myself
from the side you know yeah you know
maybe bright and friendly yeah it's very
dangerous
yeah true true - where's the whales that
man do the whale call I don't know the
world don't know how to talk well hey
let me show you oh my god blue whales oh
my god
are you look look it's right there where
are you your clown mother get in the
water right out with your fishies I see
what it is wouldn't be able to do down
below the sea can I come down there with
you
it is long as so libera it's cold hi bro
go ahead
physical yo I'm like to go into at first
we went down there the boring way now
it's time to do it the cool way
so you're diving in there head first any
other high yeah it's pretty whoa that's
pretty far bro uh yeah yeah whoo doesn't
dopefish OTT ten out of ten boom boom
there we go just jump far out jump far
out yeah whoa okay okay no you gotta
trim your armpit hair man it'll put me
on the camera but conscious look I got
short arm barracks I keep it trimmed
very self-conscious about my hey wait
wait let me get one let me get one this
is just wanted just one make it this one
ready hmm no feed the fishes man they
hooked it up on the boat captain Daniel
user thank you and uh what is this is a
seafood this is a Hawaiian sea turtle we
got spinner dolphins do you have any
rice please not no rice no all right so
what about what's Lobby I might have
some wasabi I have to dig in there okay
what about gum gum gum no asabi chillin
on the sea lunch for you and me rice and
wasabi put it inside our tummy oh you so
funny
there were will spotted out there and
Kathy Daniel give it all she's got
captain we're gonna go get them yo you
think we're gonna see one I've never
seen one of Louisa let's do
just one just one here we are your
friend
to live where the sky was to see it
comes me and no one knows how far we got
what we really do know how far the ocean
goes oh no I mean right he said that if
you tip them you get to ring the bell
there you get the bell I'll tip them
okay okay okay okay okay here this one
woo Oh what is up what does the five
sound like what supply sound like oh oh
what am i hitting with that with that
with the with the dose ready with two
ready Wow Wow
oh yeah one more I got a ten let me get
this on let me get this on okay okay
okay okay okay all right let's get her
back how pretty look
yeah nobody loves anything oh come on
that's a random we didn't find any wails
I'm super sad about it but one day if
you set your mind to it positive
thinking it's gonna happen I know it's
gonna happen just got back to the dock
and he stopped me and said that his son
dressed up as Richard for Halloween oh
that's a crazy mini Richard that's so
cool and this is your boat I take it my
buddy Dave right there that's his boat
oh nice if you came out with us we saw
about three whales Oh what darted
through I've always wanted to see a
whale even though we didn't see any
whales or dolphins we're back at the
hotel and we decided to have a little
spontaneous mean green that cheesecake
those in an hour
took a picture put on snapchat so we'll
be there an hour so hopefully some
Hawaiian wasabi ins come through and say
hi while we wait for our dinner because
it's Friday night in Hawaii
that means the tables are going to take
at least an hour so that
we got our of picture-taking before we
go to Cheesecake there's a song that I
need to teach you it is a song that's
very near and dear to my heart a lot of
us Abhi's know because I sing it in the
vlogs every time I go there and it goes
a little something like this
cheese cake back to reap cheese came
back to me a cheese cake factory
Cheesecake Factory
hey a cheese cake back to Republic Maria
Harrison cheesecake factory YouTube
found us first congratulations
hey well Victor to take pictures of you
guys first right we gotta get the table
there's so many different shades of
brown here all these beautiful people
showed up and then there's bear bear how
did you get here no there's two of them
okay I'll sign it but I won't touch it
can I touch the pen okay oh wait did I
say that for you yeah you watch my
videos huh
Morello Oh
do you think she knows who I was or she
just saw everybody taking pictures so
I'm hanging out taking pictures before
our tables ready at Cheesecake Factory
and one person came up and said that she
lives here and she's a surf instructor
she offered to give me and this guy back
here uh surfing lessons tomorrow that's
their face you know yes and we were
gonna be professionals by the end of it
yeah you promise okay okay we're gonna
do it
surplus is tomorrow sure what you're
working with oh that's it that's your
stance okay okay okay
my food done what are you doing man I'm
gonna tell your mom I'll slowly either
give me time call her right now I'm uh
I'm calling it all right now bro okay
put it okay I don't see it in your mouth
I don't see you cheat no I'm gonna call
that color right now hold on
hello it is currently 10 p.m.
we're gonna take a one-hour nap and then
we're both gonna get up and edit amazed
me know if I wake up I'm gonna pour that
water on you if I don't want to go pour
water on me all right I got you ready
that is we fell asleep at 11:00 meaning
to get up at midnight it edit but it is
actually 7 a.m. I've been editing for an
hour and I've been trying to get this
guy up but he's not waking up
where am I Irabu I tried to wake you up
multiple times bro are you doing welcome
to the end of vlog talk my dream of
seeing a blue whale is still just a
dream but don't worry with positive
thinking I'm sure I'm gonna meet him one
day or her I know deep down in my heart
there is one whale that is waiting for
me I just have to find it I love that
there are so many wasabi ins in the
world I've been all over from Japan to
the Philippines Canada Paris Cape Town
South Africa Bahamas Mexico Canada and
all over the United States and every
single place I've gone I've met you
wasabi and you're awesome
tomorrow is my last full day here
surfing lessons in the morning and then
we'll see what else ye has in store for
me thanks for coming on this adventure
see you tomorrow and until then I have a
few friends that want to say something
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling okay bye
