new new vlogs l newt newt vloggers out a
a new new blog is out
Newt Newt Vargas uh uh what it is would
it be what it do
go yesterday
we decided to leave the country I have
not slept yet because I was up all night
packing because there's such a
last-minute plan I'm pretty tired too
guys but but we're here we made it
airborne we're ready to go are we going
don't say it's a secret so rice decided
to surprise me and and take and pay for
both our tickets that's a that's a
that's a homie right there thank you but
you didn't have to get first class this
is this is a saint I'm ready you'll make
a turtle face let me see that turtle
face he'll make a dolphin face or over
here literally
we're here right now
we had just woke up and did it haha
we're wearing the same things we were
yesterday it's my first time out of the
country I really what finally made it to
our destination
and we are at the hotel and we bout to
walk in oh look it's the ocean
whoa I can't believe you made it all the
way to the Bahamas where are we right
now Bryce doesn't know Japanese weather
like I do he didn't bring shorts I was
not ready so we're about to go shopping
right now and buy us new outfits for the
whole week yeah
I cannot believe we made it to Japan
this is so pretty to eat
is it cold I look at the streets are so
clean like nobody speaks English though
but but it's okay we're still having fun
just this view right here makes the
whole trip worth it
Australia's so beautiful this time of
year yo up you've been sleeping for
three hours okay let's go Adventure Time
what we doing tomorrow
wait did you tell them yeah Oh surely
not alone we're doing something crazy
tomorrow it's a first time I've ever
done this is something I've never ever
ever done in my life and I've always
wanted to do it ever since I was like 12
I think I remember watching castaway yes
I'll talk about the volleyball Wilson
Tom H movie and there's something I've
always wanted you ever since I saw that
movie and it's going down tomorrow look
at my food done gone my food complete
what are you doing sir I'm gonna tell
your mom if you don't if you don't
finish your food sir and don't forget
your green beans or stops
this is our first time in Brazil and
you're not even gonna finish your first
dinner Wow Wow
how you like your ice cream but you know
how to be sometimes when it's like too
sweet and you just don't want to eat it
all but you want to save it for later
yeah yeah yeah we don't have a
refrigerator what are you doing I was
just like put it right here it's gonna
melt no ice cream melts it's not great
you can't just leave your ice cream not
because the light is hot but I turned it
off and it's fine I'll be back like I
don't like I didn't take a little break
man
people keep telling me that I can't grow
a beard I am getting annoyed by the
comments and I have a baby face because
I don't have a baby face
I have facial hair and I'm approving I
got like ten beard hair is down here
boom look at that oh four here five
hairs
I need you to tell me the truth okay
don't lie to me
look does that count as a beard oh yeah
you see it I pluck that on my face I
grew those myself the other should yeah
it counts on the beard right yes I knew
it huh I grow a beard all day cuz that's
what men do
hello yes country yeah we're in Hawaii
wait that's the same country no we left
we left the country and now we're in
Hawaii Hawaii is part of us hey are us I
mean you went over water and you're
still me things are okay cool my brother
guy these were stupid that's what he
thinks
welcome to the end of vlog talk
why are you sleeping I know I've been
joking around saying I'm in different
parts of the world but I was just
playing with you guys we are actually
chillin right outside the US and then ye
this trip is about to be lit especially
tomorrow because I am making a childhood
dream come true it really is something
I've always wanted to do and I can't
wait to make it a reality and film the
whole thing just for you guys I know
these past couple vlogs have been kind
of short but don't worry there's gonna
be a bunch to film tomorrow thanks for
joining us on this adventure and if
you're worried that mine and Laurens a
secret destination vacation was
cancelled it is not I am still going
with her on February 2nd if you're a
little bit behind on the vlogs Lauren
and I didn't get each other a Christmas
present because we got a joint one we've
been saving up and we're going to go on
a couple's dream vacation and you're not
going to want to miss it
see you guys tomorrow as always until
then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
ah
