what it is would it be what it do dull
back at it again with my boy writes the
Mitchell we're just talking about how
it's the new year we got to celebrate we
got to do something we can't just chill
at the house it's very kind of boring
lately we should shoot out try to find
something to do
let's go where we gonna go liquor we
should do something fun enjoyable for a
show and the viewers know that's it this
is it we're gonna figure it out right
now
figure it out in order to come up with
the perfect location we need some brain
food
yeah don't worry this is Diet Pizza this
is diet eats alright see at I try to
tell them I just found this this is a
laurdiy and alex's hobby who said it
test yeah so you got to take it that's
how well you know me and Lauren okay
here who said that
lemurs are dope Judah okay we got one
wrong sometimes I stay in bed all day
you did hey I'm all about sleep yeah
good happy greater than a dog chooses
you to sleep on you cuz you have a dog
oh yeah I knew that
okay like I put it on you you yeah yeah
day one helps to hurt her her know her
oh you got that one you got that one you
got one for
am I here to you you I help you out real
quick oh really if we should erase
Monday from existed and replace it with
peace of day you said that I said are
you sure you got it so that's uh you got
four out of seven then don't talk to me
I'm still sad that you got a four out of
seven I thought we were friends put in
your top three places you always wanted
on your life see I don't know I just
really enjoy just travelling stay at a
random hotel waking up and just doing
random things
comment down below where you guys think
we should go even if we don't end up
going to where you want us to go let us
know because we're trying to travel more
often on the real dough this is what you
do when it rains in LA
so these slippers are slidable okay okay
okay okay okay okay I got it
I have this map right here close your
eyes you just pick somewhere weird
that's we're gonna go what we don't know
mortars though I got this new honey bro
what is this I just sit over there you
go there you go okay Oh 800 children
soon no wait wait hey chill chill chill
chill
and stop oh you wanna go there look you
put it right here you're gonna I don't
do cuz there's no words on your math I
know I can read a map so where is it
okay I've been there have you been there
I've never gone there you never okay
let's go don't do it it's official all
right we finally chose a place and now
we're looking for the hotel it's about
to Beto where we're gonna go don't say
it secret there's a real question here
you want one better two guys if I were
to share it would be more warm and
cheaper it would if it's like
back-to-back you can pretty if somebody
is like breaks in on that side you got
it
some of the works out on my side so one
bit the tickets have been bought hotel
will figure out when we get there and
now it's time to pack go write up what
what we already packed how do you how do
you didn't even know where we're going
always ready bro what's your everything
you needed weather what everything needs
in here Oh rush you got a my impact -
you got all myself everything I don't
need to pack jewelry the fellas girls
good
I have fun man copy I have to go now but
I'll be back
are you mad at me I have to go
come here I'm sorry
Cup you don't don't be sad come here
yeah I'm glad you we can forgive and
forget
I can't believe this is happening we are
leaving the country in two hours and ten
minutes and then there's this guy what
are you doing
I'm tired why do you have who's that oh
I saw over there and he looked Joe so
I'm just telling no man that nobody like
nobody likes baby do you know you know
no you know it's like this you suppose
this is how you play with a baby do you
know you hey nobody likes a hey I have
to leave now chichi I need you to take
care of your brother guppy while we're
gone I wish I could bring you with us
but alas you are not allowed on
airplanes unless you wanna get in my
pocket get in my pocket come on get in
get in there get in you don't get in we
can't go I'm gonna bring chichi with us
after leave the country
where're you going it's top-secret
information unless you're trying to come
okay why it's not acting class so it's
just me and you do it or not this guy
could listen you and baby do you know
can stay here it'll stop stop stop
put it down put it down it's gross
you-you-you-you welcome to the end of
blog talk I really need to shave I was
just looking at the analytics for wasabi
productions meaning the behind the
scenes stats that goes on behind the
channel like
how many girls percentage-wise versus
guys watch my videos what age group
they're from what part of the world
they're in I can check all that and then
there's something else that caught my
eye 50% of the people that watch my
videos are new people like they'd never
seen wasabi video ever before so 50%
find the channel watch a video it's a
first one ever and then the other 50
have been in with me for like forever so
I want to see how true that is guys
comment down below if this is the first
wasabi video you've ever seen and if
you've been watching forever comment how
long you been watching cuz I want to
know and as you know views to me are not
views they are smiles because every
video I make is to make you smile and a
super smile is when you like the vlog so
when you're down there commenting feel
free to hit that like button give it a
big thumbs up and I have to leave to the
airport for this random spontaneous trip
in one hour and I have not slept I'm
gonna finish up this blog sleep for
about 20 minutes and then head to the
airport so I could take you guys on an
epic adventure as always see you guys
tomorrow and until then do me a favor do
not forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong okay bye
