oh it feels cold in my hand what it is
would it be what it dude oh let's go see
Oh Lawrence doing Happy New Year's why
hurry up you said I could have my first
bath bomb ever okay can agree this bath
is gonna bath bomb itself we have four
options which one do you want okay no
there oh wait where do the ones go go go
what is bath bombs exactly I don't know
are they like any lotions are they for
color bubbles or I'm nice you come on
your secret literally I don't want that
how do I not have Adam that one
definitely is glitter on it yeah let's
do that one step number one fill the
bathtub step number two get in right we
get in yeah yeah we get them little bath
bomb you then uh-huh the bed for me
uh-huh
ah that's all that's gonna change the
whole bath no nice a top of it so pre it
oh okay okay okay wait can I drop it
ah-ha okay go mr. toilet no one asked
you our toilets automatic hey ready am i
doing wait don't do it oh not Mac
anymore you
what are all the our hearts in it
welcome to girl life that's cool are you
done I think it's time for big sex you
to get in there oh it smell like I just
sat in the tub huh that Dad no no it'd
just be so we're overflowing it tuck her
back home numero uno and go hold in my
hand
what is that normal it's cold right
everyone is right there - those are cool
what I going to have this cut it
crush it crush yeah I feel like I'm
doing this I'm not doing this right oh
my gosh baby put your hand in the water
why I do it
what who says whoa that's not good
yep at home do you what I do clean it
clean it
scrub-a-dub-dub you're gonna really grab
it so purple oh you know how to get this
off Oh another basketball Oh bat bomb
take to feel so crazy
don't it right this time your poor hands
gonna be so close your light white
reefer will you be my Smurfette hey that
didn't help at all
I told you but you know a surefire way
to get this off what another bath bomb
this poor bath
yeah whatever you'll be able to see it
though because it's already so blue oh
we will
goodbye Karev
thank you for giving me my first bath
long experience no I don't normally I
don't like this
just below what's a new early leg mom so
you mean not as awesome nozzle there is
a ton of glitter and intergalactic bath
bomb and now sitting at the bottom of
this bathtub that is so much glitter
with that what but I feel like I kind of
like it look way too much glitter to
ever have to be in a bathtub I'm super
good right your glory - we must make our
way over there without getting glitter
on the floor to make it much easier to
edit okay hurry Oh My glob Oh nobody
wants to see if they want to see big
sexy take a shower
yeah
Oh
Aaron who is this who's in there
we told you we're not have got to stop
the animal Luisi Oh got me with you
wouldn't you doing here Guffey you're
not supposed to be here you're crazy
hey could be dumb
oh they go yeah hey Lauren go shit come
on come on yeah hey girl
the Beast catch a something that means I
love you got me I like I want you see
our love I looking in this mirror you
can see how much I know you got me away
so much I want to be just like here we
have the same yeah you hug me welcome to
the end of vlog talk can't believe I had
my first bath bomb it was crazy
those luscious it was quite moisturizing
hydrating for the skin
next time no glitter liner I don't know
what those so much glitter we had so
much glitter when I take a shower after
to get the glitter off these last three
days in this crazy mansion have gone by
so fast but a lot of memories made and
you guys came along for the entire ride
now time to get back to our regular life
and our regular workout schedule so it
can go to our vacation on February 2nd
that's exactly one month our secret
vacation destination exactly one month
one month of working out 30 days you got
it we got it
you believe in me yeah do I believe in
you yeah we have to work out and we had
to stick on our diet we kind of got a
little off our diet slash workout
planning class of New Year's but not
does that
no gym here and my apartment there's a
gym so we're back on it every day 30
days non-stop for weeks good diet let's
get it can't wait to take you guys on
that adventure it's going to be one of
the craziest ones we've been on yet and
see you tomorrow until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're gonna do doing it
wrong okay bye
the
