hey gets a little scary just so you know
what it is would it be what I do though
the new year is almost upon us
we're in the last hours of 2016 and
we're in the bathtub and we're spending
it together that's what matters in the
word about them and also matters we have
a bunch of friends coming over so we are
getting ready to have a little partay a
soiree a get-together a gathering a
shindig Oh sounds like somebody's here
let's go okay okay yeah welcome to the
New Year's Eve house this place is
insane
I know it's large one charge yes okay
it's my brother Aaron you met him Oh
on the balcony what does that mean Mia
has returned but you do not have my Kyle
with you oh good boy yes are you going
to get him thank you
just do you it's scary gumbo
go
oh good oh my god
I've been doing so good on my diet I've
been working out could get a lot of
water less soda but then your friends
come over and they didn't get the memo
that you're on a diet this is all from
one person
Lana what are you doing
wait look we got fruit we got a
vegetables yes we go I'm gonna stick to
this yeah on Kara on camera welcome
welcome to the transition period into
2017 I'm getting over sick dude gross
you made it hi Heidi late did you start
walking no happy near yourself not yet
but in an hour and a half okay we talked
about this if you couldn't get me wanna
look at look at the lights
my dad you look better without the
jacket yeah not like being in your
boxers there's always a tweet the tens
you look good enough long you go okay
let's go okay all right moving on we're
ready for town 17 now but that's not
gross but Iowa
hey let me try God I got it I got it
oh it's hard it's not easy you're ending
2016 on a bad note my friend I'm sorry
there's no boy almost 2017 what are you
happy for from this previous year it's a
half Asian boyfriend that didn't happen
in 2016 oh yeah right what are you happy
about from 2015 I'm happy to make the
cut of your video if I make the shot you
up a little bit okay splashing oh I
heard it oh yeah oh it's not a good good
what I'm excited for this skills No well
that was good you hit it right on the
screen but what are you glad about that
habit in 2016
you gotta that is a nice haircut I like
it what are you happy about that
happened this previous year yeah this
your face is like Africa eyes yeah I met
baby Dino come on guys nobody likes baby
Dino everybody's no put in this house
raise your hand if you guys voted on on
our on our poll that's one two three
four five six seven on the count of
three everybody say which and they voted
for ready one two
that was not at the same time choosie
yeah I didn't ask the question yet you
haven't even met baby Dino yes very kid
no we have a gross reptile dinosaur
coming in 2017 no that's not happening
we're not having a baby Dino for a long
time yeah well not having like a human
baby didn't have a New Year's kiss so
hey ready whenever Georgia boy see me
that way
ready hurry to 130
what's up College afford is reka over
the vlog video you know you ain't used
to where now it's all good but I can
take over for at least a half a second
great things are happening it's one more
you're greater than 2016 man tank
finishing pose oh oh this is Olivia is
this a battle now is this a battle hey
boy ok finishing move finishing move you
can't you can't take that from him well
get up there I take it up
I have no ABS up there you go
oh it went out of focus and whenever you
take camera right when you let go it
just went out have no idea what its team
Lord's versus team Jim Goodwin team
getaway
you think you guys do you handle us
Washington what's gonna happen let him
know let's go okay we need all the
products you know that I want seven
games in a row so far you know that your
copy I contact no looking down three two
one go okay all right let us let us take
over a little bit ready three two one oh
we both made the middle one no we're too
good you got it we got do it again three
two one oh you're the same Cup okay okay
okay
oh oh that is too - oh it counts that's
one I'm gonna make this one - you ready
P - whoa forgot to report what happened
but tell the truth tell the truth what
happened who we won what real oryx
defeated me Drake's hundred percent
don't lie I'm one who won the game all
right
yeah welcome to the end of vlog what
okay here you have a blanket over face
ah
it is officially 2017 do you know what
that means
that means new beginnings this is a new
you it's a new year it's a new
everything you have a whole new like
year to make your own if you didn't like
2016 then make sure that you will like
2017 if you feel like you didn't have
any friends in 2016 then in 2017 join a
club join sports be more outgoing get
out there be alive like this one who
just woke up from a nap for a lot all
I'm saying is that this year can be
whatever you want it to be 2017 could be
the best year of your life if you want
it to be Lauren thinks is very cheesy
but it's true
hope you guys had an awesome 2016 and I
know that you will make the most of 2017
thank you for joining me and my friends
at this awesome house that we have moved
into until tomorrow so you get one more
vlog of the dopest oh okay okay okay
okay okay it's Appanna hope your 2017 is
full of happiness joy no piranhas and
baby baby dinos and I hope good like
Twitter
guys we still have time nobody loves
baby no we still have time I know we're
way behind though there's like 50000
votes and I'm pretty sure like 49,000
them or for everybody loves Ben video
but I still have faith in humanity
make good choices well if everybody
loves food you know see you guys
tomorrow the next vlog or killed I'm
doing whatever don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling if you're doing
anything little baby baby Cooper oh yeah
who's the peretta okay bye
Oh
