what it is would it be what it do go uh
I worked out for the first time in five
months yesterday my entire upper body is
sore and I have to go back today and do
the bottom half of my body so right now
my bottom half my body is laughing on my
upper half of the body but you're about
to join them buddy
so start warming up you're gonna work
out with me today where you strapped you
still work out yeah cuz we got to get
ready for the secret destination
vacation yeah oh you don't have to bring
that yeah you like that are you sad that
you're losing you're losing I'm not
losing love you're losing kid no face
see he's gonna ruin kiss me here's one
of those pieces you just want punch
you've made these what punch
hey hey hey are you ready are you ready
are you ready other side uppy coming
turn around there you go okay I'll burn
your eyes go got me what is this you're
so warm comfy comfy hey buddy hey buddy
I missed you I missed you buddy
I missed you so much I missed you
when you get from Santa come here nobody
likes baby female number they're like
did a little bit Claire fits jacket no
he doesn't
yeah that's right it's my boy so bad and
we're snuggling in conclusion no he just
bite his face does you have a vitamin
face hey I'll put your faith Gold verse
blue bus stop the bus stop the bus stop
it stop it stop get with me say oh oh
come on sit up next day no lay down sit
come on you saw like me sit sit watch me
where you trying to laying down goop
like this like that that's it shake oh
boy yeah spin come on spin oh boy you're
so smart
but he is the best dog ever sit sit sit
good boy stay stay
sick I've been back for three days and
every single day I found you in the same
exact spot you if you look at my to-do
list how much I do in the morning until
kid guess where we're going
yeah that's where I'll be you're going
to know right now I think it might read
oh man this is second day I'm already so
sore I don't want to go wrong any words
of wisdom train your mind and your body
will follow and one day you might look
like Lucy that's good they do get Alex
in shape for a secret vacation it's
about to begin today with the second day
working out I'm
35 more days ago I counted it yeah 35
more days of working out before we go to
the secret destination promised some
guesses down below I feel like some of
you might I know if someone we've always
wanted to go and somewhere we both never
been but we've talked about it before so
please your guess is down below I'm not
keeping it from you guys because I'm
like haha you don't get to know I'm
keeping it from you guys because it's
going to be awesome and you're gonna get
to come with us and it'll be big
surprise and you'll be like oh my god
I'm so glad that he didn't tell us right
away and he let us wait and be excited
yay I'm like a vault I'm a secret vault
once something goes in and if it comes
out hey Susie I worked out for the
second time in a row today are you proud
yo hold up hold up if you're gonna vlog
me can't you at least get good lighting
good here's something I won't die you
know because you ate like 10,000
calories would you can lie to me you can
lie the Lauren with the only personal I
do is yours it's called muscle confusion
I eat bad and I workout and my body gets
confused and I've become in shape
I shouldn't have been changed you never
heard a muscle confusion this guy we are
about to watch la-la-land it's a musical
Evan wants a musical a long time but I a
moron I'm down with the musicals and
Lauren has a crush on Ryan Gosling's
what you do when you silence you don't
lie to me as we go I don't
nobody likes baby it's all going
and everyone lives Vivino is absolutely
killing it a Bodi know for everybody
what everyone both guys your cut we
still have time what the poll the polls
open for a whole week so we have a lot
of time to catch up
oh we can't change both you change your
vote you can make a new account but the
big thing was lala land we the best
movie I have seen in like two years
Lauren didn't like oh yeah I guess
squalor did you learn anything for the
movie give me oh my gosh you guys that's
exactly like the movie okay now slide
across her hood
I know across your apartment do it they
did in the movie I need to fall in love
with somebody like that
somebody who loves their passion and
then dance with them under the stars by
guppy bye buddy
me and Lauren are moving in together so
I'll see you later hey hey I'm gonna
miss you too we have to be strong for
the both of us
uh-uh okay bye now
in order for Lauren and I to live in one
place we must we don't need those those
way we need food and groceries to
survive and sustain our lives
luckily Valentine's candy is in season
even though 2016 is not even over yet
they already about that Valentine life
plus all the Christmas stuff is on sale
50% off I used to go straight to the
store day after Christmas and use all my
lunch money on all these and I'll take
home so many I would take some to school
I bet yo I got the hook-up who want some
candy
I got you there's one Valentine's candy
I love that I can't wait every year I
you like ten box
and it's B's but I only wanted one
because I'm trying to get in shape but
they come in a pack at eight oh well do
you like our new place I think it dot
you did good job you found an awesome
place this is the Airbnb we will be
staying at for all the way till next
year that's a bug
oh no see if we just brought it if you
know but we didn't gonna eat never a
snap to head nobody likes them you know
I was going to say that I'm actually
carry you in the pole I know doing so
bad it's we still have like five days to
vote it's not over yet it's not over yet
welcome to our seven story New Year's
Eve bring it in the 2017 air B&B mansion
give it up
a lot of stairs huh Kyle me and Rachel
are here this is our little living area
and then you got downstairs uh well
we're downstairs downstairs but there's
also downstairs downstairs downstairs
downstairs come look at this heated
toilet seat it's heated and it opens up
when you get near it so you press like
this one see look at that see now it's
gonna spray me that long yeah well you
already know I already sitting on it oh
yeah sit on it sit on it let's go spray
my jello come on here I'll show you it's
like this like this here it's not even
working
yeah that's not is it gross oh and in
your room is right this way sir welcome
to the end of vlog talk a lot of stairs
in this house there you have it the
house that we will be staying in for the
next three days we have a bunch of
prints coming tomorrow and the next day
and next day so make sure to come back
find out who these awesome people are
and go pull from nobody likes me because
we're way behind guys were way behind
ah until then do me a favor don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it baby Dino rah okay bye
Oh
