what it is would it be what he do tell
where's that please don't please please
stop please go away
nobody likes baby everybody's good you
know Laurens back and she is with me we
are reunited Lorex lives on without baby
Dino out I'm sure you're all wondering
what we got each other for Christmas
another baby Dino mmm definitely not
another baby Dino but first we had to go
to the gym come on baby
if you watch my vlogs you know I am NOT
a gym person I play a lot of basketball
but I do not go to the gym and lift
weights but that's all gonna change
today and it all begins with B's oh yeah
yeah oh my god we get it it's over here
now Oh what is this Oh Oh short-lived
yeah I just got this I am 110 percent
gonna die tomorrow of soreness chicken
nugget
Oh be careful be careful no running in
the gym no running in the team I don't
even try to use these things
it's been so long they look so heavy
am i big yet you see any difference
yep yeah
I was doing more so okay all right okay
my arms are already weak I feel like the
vlog camera shaking do you know what the
number one most asked question of the
last few weeks is know what did you and
Lauren get each other for Christmas
oh I told them I'm not was visited they
know that it's a like vacation we're
going on but they don't know where for
the longest time I have been eating bad
not working out just just being
all-around unhealthy but now I have a
reason to get back in shape and it's
been a while since I've had a reason me
what what I think you like fat Alex how
are you doing you ready cute to me I
feel like I'm I'm cute well I'm not that
but I'm adorable when I am tak am I not
adorable okay I'm not gonna let you guys
in on where in the world were going but
I will tell you when and it is going
down on February 2nd and you guys are
coming along for the ride to continue
with this new healthy Alex whatever
working out a travel hey they were diet
candy cane what you got to say about
this Ramaiah who why are this somebody
kid cane I came home one day Eric put
these here candy cane is tree ever seen
in my life right to continue the healthy
lifestyle we have Lauren Spence and
that's gross look baby Dino is
disgusting is it why nobody likes them
oh yeah nobody like
yes he's disgusting now don't touch him
all right that alex is jealous that I
like assistant oh yeah he gets a little
self-conscious traces that nobody likes
him better Wow
nobody likes baby Dino okay step we're
getting on track to continue as healthy
lifestyle we're gonna need you guys and
these oh I know
here we go come come if you part of an
OG vlog family you remember this guy
this is a yo Nana's a brother thing oh
you know about it a perk of it a no-name
fully well you created it you say you
created it nothing I created it but I
wish I did because obviously don't
answer something magical and special and
it's here right now this is how it works
you just put frozen fruit into the top
well as Lauren is poorly demonstrating
I'm just kidding you done a great job
oh that's ice cream that is raspberries
and mangoes made it ice cream what all
it is is fruit that's it and it turns
into this and it's creamy taste test
number one ooh that's so creamy but the
raspberries are very tart whoo I'm going
you like it I love it
Lauren you're trying to eat bite yum go
is it tart haha it's still delicious
but you're supposed to have bananas with
them and we don't have bananas I
supposed to prepare for it
I also we can have a cavity and I think
I felt it oh thank you your Nana's for
showing us where cavities are welcome to
the end of vlog talk with bear bear
we're gonna settle this right now what
this is it there's nothing to settle
we're gonna settle officially if nobody
or everybody loves baby Dino there's
really nothing to settle I'm gonna tweet
on my Twitter a poll saying everybody
loves babies you know or nobody loves me
that biased no your Fidel we're gonna
put you could post it too so both posted
it and we'll add it together at the end
well average them out yeah okay because
nobody loves baby Dino team nobody loves
baby dinos definitely gonna win team
everybody loves baby Dino is the best
because look at the little by Monday you
know you cross as soon as this vlog
goes up but both tweeted out okay so go
vote right now go to both our Twitter's
vote nobody likes David II no God no no
don't do that
nobody likes your do nothing
hey hey everybody thanks Athena we're
gonna leave the voting open for an
entire week so that there's no oh I
missed it oh I didn't get the vote
everybody's gonna have a chance to vote
and you will see that baby Dino
if the bath is not liked by nobody like
him everybody loves a baby Dino is the
one until then do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it baby Dino raw okay bye
ah
