run like the wind go go further Oh
what's up everybody and welcome to
wasabi Wednesday I have my little
brother here Andrew and we are gonna
show you a toy I've actually had this
toy for a while but I've had nobody to
share it with and to be as excited as I
will be until I found you you are the
one you're the one I don't know one you
ready yeah ready this is it I'm about to
show you yeah mother bring it out this
is it what yeah isn't it cool in the
queue what do you think it feels like
happiness happiness what about this one
this one does feel like happiness all
right over this one yeah okay here here
I'll just after ready I'm kind of fun
come on got you hey get back here how
long do you think this is 12 inches
apparently it stretches to ten feet long
oh my god we're gonna find out right now
let me demonstrate hold that end and
then you go go down there don't let go
it might swing back and hit me hit me I
won't let go you don't let go you
promise yeah okay no let go it's gonna
hurt don't let go he's gonna go go go
don't let go though oh oh yeah oh yeah
run this time run run like the wind go
go further
go - is that the end of the video yes or
should I bring out two more no no no
more hey Andrew I'm knocking up a mile
ago oh here I got it I got it I got it
check this out
that's all we have for you for this is
Hobby Wednesday things are coming by
make sure to come by tomorrow for either
a vlog or a cool toy or a challenge or
something on that and dope and don't
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong year
goodbye no save me oh okay bye
Oh
