do you have any more blood when do we
find the results months nine months be
pregnant what it is would it be what it
do though without a lot of stuff to do
today but first let me hit you with that
wasabi kitchen welcome to the very first
episode of the wasabi kitchens of 2018
very first episode wasabi kitchen stop
we're gonna take it back to the classics
okay right rice krispie treats yeah no
wait to chocolate okay in the shape of a
cup filled with chocolate milk or
strawberry marshmallows
I think like after this many wasabi
kitchens you figure out how to turn the
stove on new year same problems down
down and to the left I was gonna do it
Joshua the big movie what did I tell you
guys watch your hand earlier in the
kitchen and put the aprons on I got you
what do you mean oh my favorite
they're beautiful that's it get out of
my kitchen
get out of my kitchen sounds nothing
like lick my knee okay no sneezing
unsanitary I'm shutting this restaurant
down
nope I'm not part of it no I have my own
plastic in the in the tree stars okay
wow this I used to get just like this
this food my ex upholstery oh yeah I
think we should do this together okay
team game boy your fingers I've been
with it I can take a little bit of the
mixture we're gonna use this chopstick
we should go down like that
oh my god right you can do this again
with like pebbles
excuse me excuse me you have learns to
be here do you have your slip proof your
shoes on I didn't think so
no we're doing the rest of us though
they mean extra because I know that
you're gonna want to eat some of this
food I like Rice Krispies traits
sometimes my blood sugar give mommy I
gotta look like this
now that we got our cups on the ready
what do we do next mr. Josh we gotta put
them in that fridge real fast and we
gotta get little steady real rush
oh that's what you're telling me is that
we gotta put this in the fridge so we
can't all right we have to melt the
chocolate all right weird Oh No
okay cutters
it's gonna hold
your makeups that is fourth part in
chocolate inside a cup made of rice
krispies but it's not a cup unless you
fill it with liquid so chocolate for you
Oh buddy
oh wait
and helping us make the rice krispy shot
glass three nice make sure to go follow
Josh I saw Josh wait be jokin yeah now
moving on with the vlog I know goofy I
know I was one of my favorite wasabi
kitchens - yeah but I know where Lorne
is you hello you know the whereabouts of
my girlfriend oh okay fine I'll find her
myself
Laura hello I found you this yes can we
go eat
are you sure you're feeding me scuse me
scuse me can you please stop yeah
stop the car I got a drink can you pull
over please oh my gosh you want me to
spill this all over your car over five
seconds the four-wheel drive vehicle
just kind of fun with this wall a little
bit but I can only take a little sip if
you pull it over I can drink all of it I
am on water Kalyn challenge this is the
third day hey thanks for the ride what
happened with this where's your hair
that's all you used to look like and now
you look like that I was the
better-looking brother
I was we're just all parallely bugs now
we're just a barrel ugly bugs it's okay
we're in this together you and me bro
you and me hello got you something you
have to eat it within 24 hours or I get
to eat it because last time I gave you
one you left it on the counter for four
days and it killed me is it that bad but
you have to eat it in 24 hours my god
what did you just tell me I have to do
right now make me believe a little bit
on my Pender what and then put it in
specific collection holes I can't make
your pinger bleed no that's the opposite
of a good boyfriend it knows to be a
good boyfriend yeah I'm a paperboy it
comes with pretties us and what is the
reason for this I'm testing to see uh
what my food intolerance is all right
like I know I'm intolerant to dairy but
I want to know the other things so this
is a food allergy test and I have to
make your Pinker breathe so we can put
your blood into samples and send it back
and they can tell you yeah let me talk
to Pinker okay pinky finger I don't want
to do this but your mom is making me so
prepare to breathe that's not that
serious bro here we go game time holy
crap you have to put so much blood on
your I thought it was any little tiny
circles you know a Wibbly 3d you know
what doesn't feel better it doesn't make
them feel better oh my god I come Derby
don't pass out and if you do we got to
get a thumbnail before a girl Hospital
okay nothing happened
oh I see the needle oh my god it's sharp
I'm gonna die
remember to draw this sobbing oh you
mean uh no he was gonna make it up
understand yeah don't be like Huey okay
don't look you e300 this thing we need a
lot of wood yeah you can't wipe it
either oh oh wow oh sorry
oh wait wait wait I need my blood why
don't you use all of it just fill the
whole thing is that a joke it was like
milking blood oh just put in your mouth
you use that gross yeah what is nasty
it's a ketchup well your brush tastes
like okay there we go
you do it I don't know where the hole is
this soul what come on Kiwi here we go
QB trying to make it bleed
you have any more blood when do we find
the results months nine months you
pregnant now for the moment you've all
been waiting for
I just got off of Instagram I scrolled
through at least a hundred and fifty
times to find the winner of the pink
gold gray and camo hoodies the winner is
not you it is oh my gosh but oh my head
Gracie I am 5 6 0 you are the winner
I was damning you for your address and
your size and you about to be in that
comfy comfy in the new ultra soft rock
sabi hoodies burp sure there were
600,000 comments on the Instagram
picture contest that just ended right
now and if you entered I appreciate all
the hard work all the spamming you did I
bet a bunch you have sore hands from
making a clicky clicks but don't worry
because I have another giveaway on
Wednesday I am going to do another
Instagram giveaway and it's for
something that I've had for four years
and the thing that I had for four years
I got this four years ago and it's one
of my favorite pieces of clothing I own
and I'm gonna give it to you guys I just
wished my Instagram Twitter and YouTube
default picture profile pictures to a
picture of me with this shirt - check it
out
Lauren is actually kind of sad on giving
it away because she likes it I've had
this forever this has been on my body
for hours and days and months and weeks
it says wasabi I actually got this at
like oh Levi is like brand launched
thing and they gave me this and they
sewed that on there this and he is he's
a four year old baby I'm gonna be sad
parting with you my friend but it's time
you went to another home to make someone
else just as happy as you've made me
back home I got for you guys today I
have to go put these kids to sleep I'll
see you guys tomorrow
and until then oh yeah and I'm giving
away an iPhone X with this shirt because
I was thinking this is a medium what if
they don't fit medium whatever too big
or too small then they can just like
keep this and they get an iPhone X
there's any sense
oh well it's happening see you tomorrow
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it bye
