what it is would it be when again death
yeah me and Aaron have to go to a
meet-up you know to meet up is okay mom
yeah you know the meetup is it's where
we meet a bunch of viewers that watch
our videos I would bring you but I can't
I won't be able to watch you because I'm
gonna be taking pictures of fans that's
why you have to stay here yeah
how many people you think are gonna show
up Wow five oh that's a good number I
hope at least five show up that'd be
good
remember I only told them yesterday
sixteen sixteen all right we'll find out
okay I gotta go bye bye get up I gotta
go yeah give me kiss
thank you all the way how'd you learn
all those lyrics so fast my mommy only
you liked it you know all the words wow
so good your pronunciation is a plus now
you're distracting us we have to go have
breakfast with a friend before the meet
up by the hey Zack stop listen Becky D
these are two people we grew up with and
they are gonna come with us to the
Meetup
could be fun no I feel he's gonna be
like probably ready it's gonna be like
ten people probably I've been like 15 I
really like did it give them time to
know I should have told him earlier
you're like a spontaneous thing let's
see it he'll be fine about to walk up to
the Meetup
two people already found me are used
wins yeah okay two twins are I found
Aaron and my dad and Andrew are right
over here and a lot of people Hey oh my
gosh oh my gosh
okay hi guys
oh hi no I'm talking about it no I
didn't know how about there enough
so what happens that well we ask that
you disfavor
so at the final ready
well perfectly we just walked away go do
your thing with your family or whatever
you're gonna do but you can't be doing
deep nature and ice I'm so so so I just
disappear here I can't even go like into
the parking lot it's all all my property
is good
probably tweeted or whatever he had and
Meghan else I loved enough if you want
to yeah all right guys I have an
announcement we have a problem so I I'm
not allowed to have a meet-up at the
mall
I can't they said I have to leave I know
I know I'm sorry I didn't know this many
people are going to show up I thought
going to be a small thing but we can try
to go to target down the street do you
guys want to do that no okay
okay we gotta go I'm gonna go to Target
and in the parking lot in the back of
the parking lot we'll look it will take
pictures of subgrade
all right looks like everybody made it
wish we might get kicked out again rinse
quiet quiet
oh here comes more nobody loves baby
Dino right no nobody nobody No hey guys
so you saw my vlog and when you saw my
vlog saying I'm gonna have a meet-up
what happened
you're like hey we got to go and how far
did you come from getting ours
Samantha I just announced it like the
canal Wow oh good hug
I can't leave you guys made it that's so
fuzzy thank you for coming the problem
anything I hear one of my wasabi ins
have a special talent prove it okay okay
all right doesn't hurt no the has ever
had got stuck okay good I also have a
finger Oh what does that mean good do it
do it ah okay
what's your name do you David David who
came and waited in line for hours just
just so there we got our two hours just
so we could sign something for his
daughter and what stars named hope
England you know tell herself in Merry
Christmas honey oh oh she no problem
thanks for coming if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong blue oh you did it
I'm nice hi are you guys Santa's elves
no I can't believe Santa's elves watches
my videos goodbye OHS I was a good boy
this Christmas you don't forget my toys
I want to shoot you Twain goodbye wash a
car you washed a car why help because my
dad was like you can't come unless you
wash my car how did you wash it good
yeah but did you kick it a little bit
yeah yeah are you saying that cuz your
dad might watch the vlog that's what I
owe you didn't do a good job I'm not oh
yeah meetup is complete three hours
later my face hurts from smiling my legs
hurt from standing but it was 100% worth
it because hopefully I made a bunch of
their days and I made a lot more people
smile I feel bad though because I'm back
in South Point
and I'm sure that some people showed up
and I wasn't there and they weren't sure
what happened even though when I was
over there a lot of people in the back
line said that they came here and the
officers were directing them to go to
Target like hey if you're waiting for
Alex go to Target we just we just told
me to go over there so I came back here
just to see and make sure they're not
waiting but it's been like three or four
hours so they're probably not waiting
but maybe you guys came here for the
Meetup
were you sad when I wasn't here oh but
now you're but now I'm here I came back
to find you and I found you
yeah y'all take a picture okay cool and
then I gotta go to see if I can find any
more my sister lives in Michigan yeah
she is coming here in two days to come
visit yeah
just like Emily I'm so excited I'm gonna
miss it that's like we're going there
I'll do it oh yeah
are you sat there for an hour oh they
kicked me out yeah I think there's no
one here and then last minute all those
people came out yeah we're gonna
surprise her on the face hat material
what it is what it'd be wouldn't do down
hi so found me and I was a kid I'm
pleased like I to my little sister I
missed you so oh no oh oh but he it's
like a she's posting in here and she can
hear us
hi I love log the meetup was insane
thank you guys for coming I'm so glad I
found more of you at the mall and I just
found out that we are number four on the
trending page of YouTube what that's
crazy now I am meeting up with friends
for their birthdays these are actually
other people I grew up with I love
coming North Carolina because I get to
see all these people that I grew up with
and his name is mr. Jerry Liu hey you
been in vlogs before it yeah like a long
time ago yeah been like what yeah and
this is your apartment very nice very
nice and this is your friend Jess hi
Jess and this is your cat that's been
bit what is it that's the new mrs. gray
one minute mr. cloud hey Nimbus hi
what is this one's name that's
Eisley what what is that what is that
what is this jury huh
is that an opposable thumb yeah this is
an evolved cat can you open bottles you
can open drawers no we can't no I can't
everything I come home that mom drawers
open every single day what he can grab
it you can open your yeah he'll open
like the tops of drawers and like
anything with a handle even pull you
know I see dads
cRIO shake as a hand well look at that
one what yeah you're you're wood he's a
DJ on the weekend he had little covers
on something else clear scratch and
everything whoa you can do that yeah
what hi
oh oh watch out for that guy okay bye
now we're gonna go out for his birthday
this is I'm so full
Gary you got some work to do did your
head in the game man
come on so Paul I know it's time for
birthday boy number two it's your
birthday
mostl birthday dance hello I'll play
with a cat earlier
do you know Isley you're gonna be a a
YouTube star don't you
how about that whenever daba daba daba
welcome to the end of vlog talk super
glad me and my brother got to me you
guys even after we got kicked out of the
mall all I wanted to do was make a few
asabi ins around like 300 I think
holiday a little bit better and I hope
we accomplished that I just wanted to
say that the police and the security
that kicked us out were not bad people
they felt horrible about it I could tell
that they didn't want to do that
especially in front of 300 happy faces
excited to see me around the holidays
but they were just doing their job they
felt super bad letting all my wasabi UNS
down and even off-camera one of them
said they felt like the Grinch
and they hated it but it was something
they had to do so don't give them a hard
time
cops are there to help security is there
they're good people they're just doing a
job heading back to LA tomorrow to see
fuzzy Lauren guppy and chichi feels like
I haven't seen them in forever but I
love coming back and making family vlogs
and I can tell that you guys do too so I
will definitely be back very soon see
you guys tomorrow with guppy fuzzy Erin
Lauren and chichi and until then do me a
favor actually I have a few new friends
I want to say something and don't forget
to remember okay bye
okay bye
