what it is would it be what it do
ciao starting another adventure with
this guy and this guy and this guy we
were at the lemur center right off of
Duke campus and Durham North Carolina
the biggest Lemur habitat outside of
Madagascar because they only live in
Madagascar she didn't tell me that I
knew it on my own
80 to 100 species of lemur and they were
the first okay wait they're not monkeys
but they're there before monkeys so the
first monkeys before monkeys they're the
first monkey like things found before
are on the planet ever and we're going
to get to train them and feed them and
and clean their poop excited yeah so fun
yeah yeah yeah before we get started
they gave us some scrubs to put on so
that we don't get our clothes dirty so
it looks like we're gonna get kind of
messy Hey we doing hey drew see you oh
yeah
now that we're all dressed the first
task on today's list of tasks is to make
some lemur food all right let's feed
these lemurs
oh yeah oh yeah you know this is just I
mean this delicious it just gets better
looking with every step is I'm gonna run
with your cake is that tail looks like a
duster Oh bye hi look at those fingers
whoa oh my gosh nurses are the best if
you don't know what I sold more says go
look it up online it's so cool they're
so slow so this is not she's gonna come
right above you see how to reach your
grace
tap on that and she's gonna come with
you but she doesn't okay we don't take
MIT bill grandma she wants to vlog gotta
be a blogger he's kind of look oh my
gosh look at that finger look so she's
holding a stick but it's actually her
finger oh my gosh I'm gonna keep every
second of footage of this guide and okay
by now so slow lorises are super
endangered most of the reason is because
of pets because people have them as pets
and they're poisonous so when they make
them pets they have to rip off their
teeth because there's a lot of us boys I
have to take off their little elbow
talents those are poisonous these guys
are actually poisonous or never these
ones are actually poisonous there's a
YouTube video that I used to watch and
they tickle a slow loris you can just
type in tickling slow lorises and it
looks cute but it's actually a defense
mechanism so they're putting their
elbows up
they have talents there they're trying
to mix the poisons of their mouth and
their elbows but they don't have it
anymore because people rip them out so
they can make them pants
so don't don't get a full over to the
pen come to like things like this
experience them say hi but pets are
probably not the best idea we girl
anyway whoa that is a full road mouse
lemur hey buddy
hi we haven't actually ice cream in a
whiteout what
nice to meet you oh my god you guys are
loud
cuz that was it was that you guys made
that sound it's just one of them making
that sound what was that for no more
hello
hi you're good-looking I've been in
animal kingdom you is cute so that right
there is the thumb you got one that is
the hand forehead wow do they
fingerprints they did what you guys look
great by the way
oh my gosh look at you playing in the
Lemur cages how does some poop back
there oh yeah put that poop in that
drain brother gross okay over here over
here don't miss that poop and I think we
found your calling
am i doing a good job huh do you approve
yes
alright good luck if I did very good Wow
have you done this before you're a
natural by lemurs hope you enjoy your
clean cages handy what you guys tell
them quick gonna see except you're
welcome you guys ready to finger paint
we brought some paint for you guys it's
gonna be fun
oh yeah oh yeah you don't
this is like old safe paint so if you're
ever in Durham North Carolina near Duke
University campus come here to Duke
lemur center it's only $12 and you get
to see all the lemurs it's really cool
uh you know and tell them Aleks wasabi
sent you you will not get anything from
that but I told them I'm gonna call them
back in a couple months and see if
anybody actually came in and said that
cuz I just be curious if any wasabi ins
came welcome to the end of vlog had so
much fun at the lemur center and it's
really cool to see places like that
where they take care of like almost
extinct species and they take in so many
different animals and feed them and give
them medicine and do research to find
out how to better protect those animals
and and it's really cool
right is that cool you like it hope you
guys had fun on that adventure too now I
gotta go get ready because I'm gonna go
do a meet-up
I haven't done one in forever because
I've been so busy making these videos
for you guys but since we had 7 million
subscribers I thought it's about time to
do another one it was really short
notice
talked about it and yesterday's video
which was like 15 hours ago so it wasn't
even a full day so I don't know who's
gonna show up but even if like five of
you show up I will be super appreciative
and I would love to meet you so come
back tomorrow so you can find out how
many wasabi ins came and see you guys
then until then do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it yay okay bye
Oh
