oh I'm not called I'm not called food
fuck what it is would it be what it do
dough woke up this morning and almost
had seven million subscribers check this
out
so close I stopped in a random parking
lot just to film this and it's about to
go down No
yeah yes I was driving somewhere with my
dad and his new car and I had to stop
and pull over at a random parking lot
just to see this go down I wish his leaf
blowers were not here because they're
ruining the vibe let's get the chorus to
loud didn't get in all right let's get
it your car it's better to go there's no
to the blower I know there is a lot I'm
thirteen you lived with Nicole let's not
watch facade reckons 1000 all in London
and I took a screenshot of the exact
time you see it wait for 377 come on
wait seven back at seven hold on II hold
on oh no don't call me hello I'm not the
movie so here we got home I hunt with
move this core
Hey go away get away
I'm down here here oh my gosh always is
freaking cold okay hold on it's worth it
it's worth it I don't know about that oh
my god wait dad get away
Aaron stop wait two more one more one
more then go hold on hold on come on get
off the car
yeah they got boat oh my god freaking
power thank you look there's nice okay
wasn't even there thank you
CD got it you know he's doing it he's
doing it he's cleaning up
all right oh my gosh see he's helping us
out when we hit some of my subscribers
yeah we did it
whoa cryosauna celebration so cryosauna
celebrations got freakin lose you called
me three times and within seconds of me
hitting 7 million subscribers I kept
having to hang up on you oh really
yes I was like stop calling this out all
right we're coming were coming cryosauna
celebration is about to commence we made
it to the cry ology body freezing thing
that helps with inflammation and
soreness and stuff right is this that's
right my dad's still freaking out cuz
these leaf blower guys blew leaves all
over his car mm-hmm hey don't worry
about it I can give you 7 million
reasons why you shouldn't worry about it
ha ha ha let's see oh you got the gloves
you got the robe you got the socks you
got the shoes ok and the shorts nice
he's gonna get down we have three levels
one two and three since he's never done
with five different level one yeah oh
yeah didn't start about 40 degrees
Fahrenheit into battening negative 140 I
did one negative 193 of it yeah so you
have three so now to get you down did it
level things like that I did it already
it's not bad I'll compromise it a little
too did Erin tell you his big news I
might be moving back there fella what
yeah he wants to move back it's like not
it's like 50 60 is i-80 he said he might
because he just likes it here hot damn
straight
all right now we're kind of digital yeah
haha refilling right now tied in the
oven ready for the hey you're the cookie
I feel like a minute you'll be
completely known you'll be fine it's
just why Scout Davin they can all answer
yeah this is colder than nighttime in
the Arctic yeah there's nothing that
gets as coastal North additional
mountains yeah you're about to be a
Filipino popsicle right now he's at
negative basically about negative 100
fahrenheit still dropping but he's got a
minute forty seconds left haha he's got
a manigott challenge how was it ha ha ha
Windows who want to start feeling good
yeah what does that do feel it
alright I'm good hurts Kyle put this
back drop down for us so that I could
get a better angle for when the big Papa
steps into the arena you better step
into the Octagon black octagon if I
bought this how much going to be
machines about 65 pounds I'm gonna get
one dad no I'm gonna give you a house
next year and I'm gonna get this I'm
gonna put it in the house yeah and then
I'm gonna use it it's for me
I know municipal should be using salt oh
no you can you can use every single day
but the key thing you have to have
somebody Brent yeah
okay done yep no I'm gonna put in my
room then I watch to mark my words I'm
gonna get 100 Kyle don't look straight
at my spout frosty just cold already
yeah it's it like ice bad it's not bad
ready alright here we go
hmm have you ever been a negative 184
degree weather mmm are you bouncing
right now
right yeah I have a one minute laughs
right now 60 seconds easy 84 60 seconds
okay we're sick gone you know what I
don't know if I want to do it I think I
just gonna go home with a can out oh oh
yeah coming out very nice
here you go change and then it's my turn
and I'm gonna go to level three
whoa I'm not called I'm not called food
ha nothing other than that
whoo whoo I'll make a man you I can't
feel my nipples if you lose a nipple
I've got extra box and nipple butter you
have any Asian ones I'm good now I can't
tell anything
Oh 45 seconds guys we're in this
together me and seven million was
obvious I can't feel my body
Oh Iceland I feel frozen like when I
move in Sun researching my body open up
dad say something I hit I hit seven
million subscribers today I got a baby
me and Mickey Mouse yeah but I hit 7
million subscribers today and also I got
you something you know see it this car
it's for you
oh I know but have you driven it
it's Andrews car but he said you can
drive it put this in there
ok you ready Wow
you're gonna go outside okay get out
let's go outside
well I didn't know the headlights work
what by Andrew go ahead your goalie go
wow you my boy
Malaya
okay park it
I don't want Peppa Pig gross you know
get Peppa Pig off me
yuk yuk you know I don't want Papa pig
Peppa Pig gross you know you suck groans
just for this little girl we drove an
hour and a half to look at all these
Christmas lights it's pretty cool but it
was a long drive for some lights
what are you doing are you a crazy
person since we hit seven million with
soy beans I have a surprise for some of
you guys at the end of the vlog but
don't skip ahead
now that you have skipped ahead and
didn't listen to me at all and came back
let's continue with the vlog I don't
mind driving if it makes my knees happy
but it's cold cause a far Drive all I
wanted was to buy some gloves to keep my
hands warm and then they happened to be
these kind of gloves I keep accidentally
turning them on hit the press in five
times to turn off and then I got in line
because my sister and my niece got in
line and I thought they were ahead of me
but it turns out they went back down so
I'm in line by myself time to ride a
giant slide boy you made it
you're gonna go down the slide with me
you're not scared when are you sure
you're not at all here we go
oh all right what if your future wife is
on this hay ride it could be gold
accidentally got my diploma screaming in
my ear yesterday
we're that fair
I heard you the first I mean that's not
funny I'm not doing it she's doing it on
her own
oh my gosh calm down I just gave you one
lick of my lollipop yo baby bro drop the
beat shit I'm having fun so argue it's
me and Alex and mr. drew on the back on
attack yeah we going going right back to
the ground cuz of that hey you're heavy
we're going down going down I'm get off
I hate these Bluffs ah pick it up this
is for ages 6 to 12
you're 14 right but you could pass for
12 next year you're gonna have a growth
spurt you're not gonna be able to pass
for 12 and you can never ever ever get
on this ever again I've never I didn't
have the opportunity to get on that when
I was little I've never seen one of
these but the dream is still possible
for you you stupid still live the dream
all right I hate these gloves that look
painful it sounded painful to watch a
video uh hey you run across a good
welcome to the end of vlog talk thank
you so much for 7 million subscribers
that is crazy
out of 10 years that I have been writing
editing making videos for you guys this
year was the number one year we've ever
had ever
it's incredible at the beginning of this
year we had four million wassabi ins now
we have seven million that means we
gained three million subscribers in 365
days and 1 billion views that is and as
you know all my videos are meant to make
you smile so I don't like to call them
views I like to call them smile so we
got 1 billion smiles the big surprise
that I have for some of you with sabe
ins since we hit 7 million subscribers
is that I'm doing a meet-up the meetup
is at South Point Mall Durham North
Carolina from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. on Friday
tomorrow in front of the movie theater
my brother Aaron is gonna come and we'll
both take pictures with you it's gonna
be fun make sure you get there early so
you could be first and don't be late
because I have to leave at 3 to pick up
Millea now I gotta go edit this because
I have to go play with some lemurs if
you don't know what a lemur is it's kind
of like like similar to a monkey but not
a monkey you'll see in tomorrow's vlog
so see you then and until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling
you're doing it wrong ok bye
