introducing your very first car new new
vlog is south newt newt vlog is south a
a new new longer south newt newt Vargas
uh what it is would it be what it do
Joe back on the car shopping adventure
with my dad and we are test driving
another Porsche but I still think we
should get the GTS but this time we're
I'm about to test drive it I might have
my mind change I don't know got the
little button there so press that down
and then here you got the red lights go
over to drive right that car was cool
but I don't think it's uh I don't think
it's enough we need something for you
every car you got previously was for the
family this car is for you right so you
need to decide what you want
it is almost official we think we have
it narrowed down to what you want but
right now we're looking at what we're
gonna get for Andrew so come here to
come here look what do you think about
this one for Andrew looks nice I think
this is what Iron Man dress did he go
like it I think I like it
now we're in the mercedes-benz party
tester of the sporty car now it's the
luxury smooth car they're probably
wondering why I'm driving both these
guys on his birthday two days ago his
license ID expired so he's gotta get
that new but I'm driving it and he's I'm
relaying the information and I think
this is the way to go this is the one
meeting maybe 80% sure 80% 80% but not a
hundred close
that's real that Daniel would let me
know if I'm getting too crazy
everybody's on the way the whole
family's on the way right now
all right cool to help us decide and
then Andrews car is almost ready -
that'll be nice
yeah if the occasion arose where I
needed to do donuts yeah all right what
you gonna do what
take it easy again watch out for the
other deer okay that's not okay come on
curve right here slow down
come on no I try to show you what your
future car can do yeah slow down
you're fine yeah Hey look at that I'm
working up a sweat just sitting here is
that fun no it was great okay so we test
drive these two cars this is a second
day we're trying to pick a car and he
switched to another option now he wants
a completely different vehicle than what
we've been looking at I think it's
called like a G wagon or something he's
been in here for an hour I can't get him
out do what you were doing earlier like
racing maybe you got to turn left you
can only turn left it's a racetrack okay
let's get this one then you want this
one well test-drive it they're bringing
out the car it's not that one that's
crazy that would be crazy to get that
one right I know we're bringing out the
car right now
is that one right there he's it lies
test-drive it you ready Danielle okay
yes I may on your head mom what I mean
was that there's your Christmas boy
dance haha you're crazy
dad you have finally decided you're
getting the best 550 s550 you're getting
the car it's a smart choice it's
comfortable it's smooth it's nice
they're pulling your car around right
now
that's not your car they're pulling your
car around right now so you have to go
hide around the corner and I'm gonna
they're gonna pull it around go go you
guys go hang out this is your first car
ever excited where you gonna go
you're gonna drive to do the end zone
that's out of country I hope you like it
I picked it up for you introducing your
very first car you know you know this
calls for this calls for a little bit of
montage
hello I'm Alex nice to meet you
I heard you're an owner of a brand new
2017 mercedes-benz s550 is this the best
car you've ever had in your life no
doubt you know I think it hasn't sunken
in yet finally got everybody a car in my
family except for Aaron eventually I'll
get Aaron one and then I had to get
myself one because I have a I've had the
same car for like five years but feels
pretty good
next up is a house next year you get a
house sir we're watching the blog from
yesterday it already got seventy five
thousand likes as soon as it came out I
already got like 50,000 likes in the
first 30 minutes I don't know if you
guys ever bought a car but usually it's
like a five hour process you go yet
test-drive you gotta look at cars you
kind of negotiate you got a black are
you gonna do it paperwork then they
gotta wash it and detail it it's just
the whole thing so we were out there all
day trying to get this done but it was
worth it because my dad's happy yep you
worked super hard for us growing up and
now it's it's not my turn or bark to the
crunch don't cry I'm telling you you're
a good dad thank you for your good
raising us
Andrew you're gonna get the other car
when you get older what you doing
and it give that a hug let's see if we
can make them cry Aaron hug dad and tell
him something nice you think grandpa
would be proud of us oh don't cry at
least if you cry you can cry in your new
mm or so you got the brand new key
mercedes-benz of Durham Thank You Daniel
if you're watching this you were awesome
man you too man Daniel and you got
mercedes-benz pins and a mercedes-benz
keychain nice oh they give you a mug I
feel like they knew I was gonna vlog
this thing with their name on it but
it's cool thanks mercedes-benz Durr
welcome to the end of vlog talk I don't
know if you guys realize this but we are
almost at 7 million subscribers that's
crazy I wonder if we're gonna hit it by
the time you guys are watching this vlog
my goal was to hit 75 thousand likes and
yesterday's vlog so that I could buy my
dad his dream car we doubled that it's
at a hundred and fifty thousand likes we
hit seventy-five thousand likes like
within the first hour and a half that
the vlog came out thank you so much guys
I cannot express how appreciative I am
and how it's amazing how we all came
together for a single cause there's one
more thing I want to say before I go no
matter what accomplishments you make in
life how successful you become or the
goals you achieve family comes first
my biggest drive in life and in my
career is to provide for the ones I love
as long as my family is happy then I'm
happy
and that includes my wasabi UNS love you
guys for all the support and love you
guys continuously show coming back every
single day for this journey that we're
on together and it continues tomorrow so
I'll see you then and until then do me a
favor
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong bye
