mom are you crying we didn't even get
the quarry what it is would it be what
it did dad ye I have a very important
question for you and I was wondering if
you could help me out with it what are
you so cute
hey Malia Leia boy are you you yeah
can I ask you another question what do
you want for Christmas I'd beat Gigi
train I've got a big choo-choo train and
what else you wanna play play doh
a big choo-choo train full of play-doh
you have a list are you gonna are you
gonna write one
who are you gonna give you a list - sure
for Christmas he's gonna come here oh
are you gonna leave some cookies out
carrot some carrots for the reindeer
oh good idea people always forget about
the reindeers but not Malaya coz why you
some cute why you so cute
mmm cuz you're a princess princess what
a Jessica
your princess gorgeous what okay
princess gorgeous I have to go I have to
go buy two cars right now
no not for your mommy
I've bought her a car last time I got my
car oh oh that's your car the moment I
need to drive my car okay
I'm not big but when you get big at your
car brought my mom with me I met up with
my dad to look for his new car
introducing the 2017 mercedes-benz
top-of-the-line s-class s550
I gotta say it looks pretty good on you
sir I got you a card this is your plate
birthday presents / Christmas present
yeah
49 horsepower 560 foot-pounds of torque
he can fly if he wanted to
it's really how you want to drive it
they can fly there's a car of the future
okay okay
v8 I've never driven a v8 before oh yeah
let's see you see what we're working
with down there dad
if you look closely this is where the
bipartisan meets with the coagulator it
goes in the oil is like lubricates and
then the combustion chambers like under
here and it makes you go real fast and
this is a banana split lollipop YUM
option number one option number two this
one is the top-of-the-line sporty air
car oh look at the blue on the inside
dad get in there let's see basically
sort of the same I think is you the
other one what are you like which one
you get yes classes and top-line doesn't
give top of the line doesn't get better
it's wide and it's wide written in
you're tall you're gonna be more
comfortable you can drive in the s-class
from here to Miami not have an issue all
day I'm trying to buy this for him for
his birthday / Christmas cuz his
birthday was like yesterday the day
before but he doesn't want me to spend
this much money yeah but it's okay well
cuz you the big Papa white why are you
calling me from the back seat you what
it's child lock you can't get out blah
you gotta climb up the front huh oh this
is your car well I don't know what you
want me to do what do you want me to do
yeah this one is better look at these
big screens right here
and he just told us that the chairs have
massage
these are massage chairs oh there it is
oh yeah oh you gonna get into big that
oh my gosh you guys look like look like
this it looks like this this fits you
you know what only one word comes to
mind when I see you guys in this car
slide little things these are all
basically driving assistance buttons the
coolest one is going to be night vision
so if I hit a button you see it's a
basically an infrared camera that's
going to look out in front of us so we
can basically see a deer from a distance
spotlight it your headlights can
actually highlight a little bit more so
you can see her walking right from the
car right now so kind of heavy bit yeah
when making a big purchase you have to
look at all your options right now we're
at mercedes-benz but right across the
street is Porsche when you're buying a
car here's a little tip you want to make
them compete with each other because
they'll go lower and beg oh well they
offer this and they're like oh we can
match that our plan is is to walk in
like this hello hi we would like to look
at your best Porsche we're just at
mercedes-benz it's a foolproof plan
introducing the 2016 Porsche panorama
GTS
this is a this is pretty crazy there's a
lot of buttons in here and even the
backseat has just as many buttons never
seen that many buttons in a backseat
haha but there's only four seats so
Bruce Willis wanted to start the car for
us so that we could hear the performance
here we go
this sounds like a monster this is one
of 100 of these cars in existence and
you could be one of those hundred oh he
liked it I don't know I don't think she
likes it I'm not sure mom are you crying
we didn't even get the quarry
are you crying so proud that kid okay so
yeah we were oh my god I'll die before
her sucks
no I didn't suck it was hard hi that's
horrid hey you guys took care of me
growing up and out of my turn I'm the
one who gave you for it but you guys
gave me Bert you gave me Bert now I'm
giving you Ernie
it's my goodness can I handle this like
crazy every day you give now you bought
my BMW six months ago yeah my god do not
feel like I'm the rich woman in the
world that way you drive it that's fine
now having dancing like this man you
guys made me so technically everything
that I have is your guyses that's you're
a good kid I'm a good kid cuz you're a
good mom Oh stopping to grab some lunch
while we think about a decision of which
car you are going to get and let me show
you what I do this is the must do every
single time
how you to sandwich I do this because I
like to have a little crunch in my
sandwich and last but not least a little
dippy dip in the broccoli and cheddar oh
that's a good bite right there dad
I gotta get you this car which one
you're gonna get what time again
Panamera or the s-class it's a good
question the Benz or the Porsche not
sure though we got to get it today but
can't wait tomorrow's thank you no rash
decision what you said we get it today
what if this vlog what if it gets uh
fifty fifty thousand likes then we can
get it hundred thousand the war okay
it's 75 35 he said in like a blog like a
month or two ago and if we got a hundred
thousand likes you'd let me buy the car
and now you're stalling
no it's 70 button okay 75 no stalling
guaranteed done miserably no tomorrow 75
thousand likes and then you have to get
the car no excuses no nothing deal deal
done Andrew how was school pretty good
pretty good pretty good
you ready for your new car ah I can't
give it to you yet I was gonna get it I
was about to get it and then dad said he
wanted to wait what today I know I said
today but he said tomorrow so we're
gonna have to wait a little bit is that
okay with you yeah okay
is your heart broken is it still working
on there is it still working in there
and you just have to wait a little bit
longer for your first car ever what am I
gonna do with the car oh you just sit in
it do your homework in it you can eat
snacks in it let me tell you what kind
of card is yeah it's Audi oh okay you
know that means is it card thing yeah
it's a card thing you'll see tomorrow
welcome to end of vlog talk make sure to
go smash that like button so we can get
my dad the dream car that he definitely
deserves most of my life growing up he
worked two jobs 18 hours a day for years
and years and years just to make sure
that his kids had the best life they
could possibly have and it's my turn to
return the favor I know he's just doing
this to stall on me from buying him this
car but this is it we shook on it no
matter what when this vlog at 75,000
likes he is getting his brand-new dream
car so for Christmas this year
all I'm asking is for you to help me
make my dad's 2016 birthday and
Christmas an unforgettable one make sure
to come back tomorrow so you can see if
my dad got the car and which one he
picked and see what kind of chloride
and drew go see you guys tomorrow until
that do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
