what it is would it be what it well uh
that's cute yeah
what why are you doing it too early were
you awake hey my mommy
how did it I got your mommy gotta wake
so you gotta wake yeah you ready to go
see some lions and tigers are you gonna
ride one yeah you sing me a song so I
can fall back asleep anything love me
too
are you ready for this our long drive
to see wild big cats yay let us begin
we have arrived to Carolina Tiger rescue
you ready see your first tiger let's
show them what we do if we ever run into
a lion or a tiger okay just like we
practiced
did to do a nice day for a walk right
boy rawr oh no it's a lion okay oh so
many stuffy's so glad Laurens not here
gross gross gross gross gross gross
gross gross yuck
hey do you like baby Dino what no good
that's my girl oh okay it's gonna leave
me hanging though hello excuse me
oh yeah nobody what David you know uh
what happened to the high five you Molly
um put that down that's gross
no stuffed animals are gross okay I'll
buy it for you cuz I love you all right
there you go
what's his name Kylie Kylie baby Kylie
okay I don't like her she's gross nobody
like a baby Kylie nobody like a baby
Kylie what do you do if you see a tiger
that
guy his name's bandit and he is a
caracal he was born here in the year
2000 so he was one of the very last
animals that was born here before we've
got 3d community
oh this and these guys also get rat so
we will feed them rats the rat is the
perfect clue for a cat it contains all
the news
Roger oh my gosh he's big you are a
large a large creature my friend now did
you hear that sound of that how do you
do
if you ever made a card that's called a
shuffle oh maybe that's like a friendly
sound friendly sound huh this on that
friendly Katelyn so pretty you got
boyfriend girl if I was single who eat
the baby yeah baby oh the baby's about
to go that's a weakest in the group can
you bring the food I mean the baby
closer
hey big tiger person wow you're a big
one
he is large and in charge play that one
and then the one up on the platform is
Carolina I know a lot of people are
against zoos and captivity and using
animals for entertainment but this is
not one of those places this is not a
zoo this is not for entertainment this
is actually a rescue place where hurt
animals or abandoned animals or like if
a zoo closes down or if a circus goes
out of business then they adopt the
animals here like just this month they
said they adopted eight tigers and a
leopard and a bunch of different cats
and animals so they bring them here take
care of them raise them feed them give
them medicine if they need it so this is
a good place so this is not for
entertainment this is more for education
to show Wow look at this guy a different
view is that these animals have never
been taunted or teased or bothered by
people because this place exists for
them if a tiger and a lion got in a
dispute like a a friendly dispute a
tiger would probably win because tigers
are the biggest cats
ever right yes the number one biggest
biggest cats currently a laugh hi tiger
I mean lion are you scared no why you
lying we were just informed that lions
are the king of the jungle in africa and
tigers are the king of the jungles in
asia I feel like I knew that but I
forgot here we have a cougar we're
coming up on from the Philippines and
she's a wild wild cougar hey what are
you doing hey you know what a tiger does
he goes you know you know the lion does
he's family to time yeah so we're
walking around with all these animals
that were rescued and nursed back to
health and it's really cool and I took a
picture I was gonna tweet it I went to
my Twitter and everybody is sending me
pictures of the ad of the Amazon video
that me and Lauren did the winter
wonderland surprise I did for her it's
running as a commercial now and
everybody's sending me pictures of
videos they're watching and it says some
title and then my videos on it as a
commercial and that's so cool so if you
guys are on YouTube watching something
and you come across that commercial take
a screenshot and send it to me because I
want to see how many times you guys see
it I haven't seen it yet let me let me
look at a youtube video right now
and see if it pops up okay here's one of
my old videos Oh
maybe nope that's not it Erin's new
video nope Laura's new video nope okay
fire feet come on listen
come on ah did you get it no I couldn't
find it but maybe you guys will have
better luck I'm the king of this jungle
even though I'm super gross and nobody
likes me yo stop
come on those babies those kids around
what happened you got a boo-boo on your
knee
good tiger bite you can I see it Wow
can I see it oh my gosh little Hospital
yeah we gotta put some we need some
stitches there's absolutely nothing
there Blaire not at all
I see nothing but India by Raja
this is not planned they just started
doing this very odd very odd stuff
you're weird you're weird baby
did you like the tigers and lions
yesterday did you have a lot of fun okay
good
hey I gotta take ender to school okay
you ready for school you're gonna learn
pay attention knowledge power
let it drop you off by the time you get
out I'm gonna have your new car ready
for you I'm excited yeah yeah I gotta
teach you how to drive I'm gonna teach
you well we'll practice it when you get
out with your brand-new car okay high
five
just long excited see your girlfriend
yeah already who's your girlfriend
nobody mmm not yet just wait there's any
uh
fourteen-year-old wasabi ins out there
that tryna holla Adil polo yeah hey hit
us up here's a big brain inside a big
head Wow I'll see you after school make
good choices Andrew be responsible treat
others how you dress up welcome to the
end of love tuck had so much fun with
the Tigers and the cats and the Lions
right did you like it and you have a new
baby Kylie and you know what I'm about
to go do right now I'm about to go bye
dad and Andrew a car you know that you
won't want to Oh
when you get big well let me know when
you're big enough and I'll get you one
but for right now it's time for Andrew
and my dad to get one so I gotta go
you can't drive a car yet well we'll let
him drive we'll see well let him drive
today and see if he can do it maybe he's
just a natural make sure to come back
tomorrow to see this prize on both our
faces when I get them their dream cars
and until then do me a favor and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it right okay bye
