he's coming look 12 look 12 go what it
is would it be what it do ye or two of
the brother and father birthday is
dinner time and you got all dressed up
do you get dressed up for me or for
their birthday thank you for the but
days and my sister's here too and my mom
and my older brother Aaron are meeting
us so we can all be together as a family
for the birthdays we're gonna sing happy
birthday to Andrew I understand it yeah
but we got do it again because it's our
destiny
okay bye Maliha oh you got scared hey
guys happy birthday happy but not not
yet happy but yet not yet okay
not yet guys not yet right now now okay
wait happy birthday - oh and early
Maggiano's Little Italy at South Point
Mall in Durham North Carolina babies eat
for free kids under 12 get a discount
Andrew just turned 14 but our waiter
think say he's 12
so today you're 12 okay do you know
we're gonna get it's the chicken
he's coming he's coming look tall look
tall go happy but happy okay
mr. Bossypants now Kai don't know happy
birthday - happy birthday to you sing
happy birthday dear Andrew dad happy
birthday to you
you're officially 14 years old
what where
who is that what that's Santa Claus
that's the real Santa Claus
he said hi good I'm not gonna pick you
up
I'm not picking you up why don't you
carry me okay when you get big can you
carry me if I carry you now you promised
so when you get bigger you're gonna pick
me up okay come on it is to ride in a
one-horse open sleigh hey
Natalie hey are you trying to change the
topic because you don't know the rest of
the words of the song you smell like you
smell like pickles
what I was like asking ice cream North
Carolina and for my dad's birthday he
wanted to watch the North Carolina game
at a restaurant that is a North Carolina
versus Kentucky we grew up in Kentucky
and then moved to North Carolina
we're rooting for Kentucky and everybody
else's
more is rooting for North Carolina
hahaha it's a little awkward it's a
little awkward right now love it
Kentucky was up the entire game there's
three minutes left and they just tied
okay here we go oh sorry oh sorry man
it's almost done come on dougie wall
catch it's in his hands
haha UNC is white techies blue that just
happened they're up by three for the
first time in the entire game no way oh
no way that's a crazy game what do you
see what happening boy yeah are you
gonna stay up the whole car ride home I
don't believe you are the urine Falls
leave in five minutes
are you sleep in
are you sleeping Malaya we're home we
did you sleep did you fall asleep you
didn't you're awake the whole time
hey sure you look like you're asleep why
are your eyes closed oh you're just
laying down oh you weren't sleeping
you're falling back asleep okay let's go
back at the house and everybody's asleep
except for me because I'm editing this
vlog and while I was editing I realized
something every time I come back to
North Carolina to visit my family the
vlogs have more Andrew and Malaya in it
than it does me every single time and I
never realized it until I edited and
it's because I I never get to see them
since I'm in LA being a youtuber posting
every single day live-streaming on my
second channel filming editing etc but
they're my favorite so it's okay on
Monday I am still getting Andrew a my
dad a brand new car and he's gonna get
his first car I know a lot of you like
he's only 14 but it's okay he can get a
car he's 11 he won't feel a driver for
like a year and the last vlog I asked
you guys to tweet me suggestions for
cars I should get for them and you did
after reading her as his tweets I
noticed that I don't know a lot about
cars I don't know what these cars look
like a lot of you said Mercedes BMW all
these different types of cars I don't
know what they mean so send them again
but with pictures if you send pictures
they'll help me pick one and help my dad
decide from suggestions you guys give us
all I know is it has to be a car has to
have four doors has to be super safe
super nice and super sexy make sure to
come back tomorrow because we're doing
something we've never done ever before
my entire family has never done this
ever and it is playing with lions and
tigers like real lions and tigers
literally it's gonna be insane that's
all I have for you yesterday make sure
to follow me on my second channel for
live streams and I'll see you tomorrow
until then do me a favor don't forget
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
