what it is would it be what it oh yeah
by guppy by guppy me and Aaron have to
go home to North Carolina but we'll be
back and hopefully you'll remember us
and slowly I hope you remember me -
don't be sad
well may I do the homes for 10 days what
about me Oh what these names Guffey
first of all what about me
here you two okay good how hot you have
you worried goodbye I got the goose is
what I see you wanna be elevated
and you're gonna be able to beat up
dollar but you got a mean Oh give me
that one are you gonna miss me for ten
days man got bigger issues not right now
what I got hot today and they did AHA ha
I heard a lot that as much as I would
like to miss you my tweets as gods
oh well I'll miss you too then it's a
side babe right
you have my milk
I heard you stole it nah you are a milk
thief no it's rather you have it no I
don't know I'm going out of town for 10
days I'm not gonna have it it's gonna be
expired daughter how much net it's for
you I don't want no you can have it it
matches your skin complexion oh my god
almond milk into the dairy milk yeah I'm
leaving for 10 days are you gonna miss
me of course okay wait wait where are
you going in North Carolina force him to
miss you ten days are you back here
you've been here no are you gonna be in
your movie my oh they're family no when
you gonna be back
oh the 27th oh me too for like a day
though me too yeah yeah and then i go to
i go to a new year's house for air BnB
wait where yeah it's like 20 minutes
away but it's like a seven story mansion
it's crazy
walk haha when you go back to see your
family don't fit your glasses so you can
see all the colors inside oh this broke
now I love your color glasses what were
they Oh dah dah
so what do they do I got I never
actually explained what happened huh I
don't accentuate colors for me so I'm
red green colorblind and when I see I
don't know
reds and greens that are next to each
other and they accentuate blues as well
so the magic glasses so what I'm saying
is they're magic lasses yes I kill you
broke them they're like $10,000 430
bucks that's that's expensive for 30
bucks dog now it's like like 150 so
Alice got me a present and he completely
forgot about it so I was like Oh Alex I
said I could have a you could have I
could have that prison today and he's
like what oh it's a growing thing it's a
growing thing is it a growing thing what
does that mean is a growing thing like
you put it in water ladies it like a
growing dividend Oh or a growing bear
bear you put it in there and then it
grows nope what do you is it just wait
for it okay oh is this Pandy is it the
Panda mug is gonna change color Oh what
what what is this sorcery I'm not sure
how fast it goes oh yeah it's working
oh my gosh bear bares cousin it's for
you oh my oh my gosh I don't know how
white it gets but you could kind of see
it should come back to it will come back
today we had to speed up the process a
little bit oh look at that I know
Wow
that's so cool do you like it so cute
yeah thanks TV
it's papers cousin how do you feel what
does hey is it pan pan yeah pan damn
bear remember what that is completely
white I thought I was a little yellow
but that's only cuz it was in the
microwave I thought I was kind of paint
can did it dad
Wow science science was this voice I'm
like never been like that I didn't know
Oh gross
why do I feel you're gonna miss go be a
little bit more than me oh but he loves
him so you're gonna miss most me or baby
Dino or guppy mmm that was close I think
about it just landed in North Carolina I
hated it's crazy it's like tiny tikis
outside I have to go baggage claim then
meet up with my family who I haven't
seen in forever and I don't even think
they've seen my blonde hair yet cuz I've
only had it for like two or three months
but first things first
Malaya
come here hug Eileen that jackets a
little too big for you hi hi
did you miss me I missed you you know
why I'm here
early because it's their birthday over
the dad ah
it's their birthday he gives me my hair
yet how do you see my hair head yeah you
saw it in my videos but you haven't seen
a real life you're gonna touch it you
know what touch it
that's under her
have you seen my hair you gonna do it
next like why do you like my hair hahaha
are you an elf Molly are you is that elf
hat Hey
oh my gosh your hair got so long did you
everything guys
they are they are 40 no wait I'm sorry
20 20 years 30 they're 20 years apart
and they are I mean oh yeah 20 years
apart
and they were both the same exact
birthday that's so crazy it's actually
40 years apart but good music for 10
years for it sorry sorry sorry
okay let's go come on hey did you just
pee what no I didn't just pee wee what
how did he know how do you know hey what
your why are you holding my fingers
you're a real-life elf did you learn any
new songs while I was gone
no you got taller
no you're a step above Aaron Norman your
birthday happy birthday Maliha
yeah it is happy birthday happy birthday
to Malaya happy birthday to Malia are
the roads outside what are they
they're what slippery dippity slip alee
why is there ice and the ice makes it
wet you're right you're exactly right
don't let anybody tell you you're wrong
okay come on it's popularly come on
don't don't slip Lily if you guys you
guys can't see it but I can see it and
it is cold my breath you see my breath
and you lose your breath we found out I
was wrong my hair was blond but it was
it was Habib line 2.0 it was wasabi
blind 1.0 and you're know it's your
birthday you're an elf
and it's flipple II don't know I forgot
we go
they deaf I go yeah yes it is wait
really fix your hair
come on it's your birthday you can have
a messy hat happy birthday Molly happy
birthday my left happy birthday miss
Malaya have a birthday whose mother is
lovely it slipping me eating miss okay I
know what you gonna do free birthday
your shoes you're like though these oh
oh oh oh hey move move I was wearing
shorts this morning oh oh wait then he
does not work here at the house no and
Rosie soldiers oh they're coming
tomorrow become this war yes yeah let's
go let's get a hotel room
Hendra run serious what are these
oh what a get those shoes please are
they not to me oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
what's this well what happened who did
jana sing happy birthday to Andrew with
me oh I you ready dick you're dancing
with me hey happy birthday too
you happy birthday to you and you happy
birthday dear Andrew dad and Papa happy
birthday to you you guys both of you you
know any snowmen songs
I know no way really my favorite kids
what it's your both our favorites okay
how does it go I can remember piggy he's
like ha ha ha see this snowman yeah and
then he's not only - frosty is going
through this hole it's a good start you
know what I mean smartest baby ever
yeah yeah big girl your big baby baby
yeah you aren't you why you look like a
baby then can yeah that's I thought you
baby nothing very nice such a baby yeah
that's what a baby would say not a babe
okay where do you where do you do you
have a car you have a job do you go to
school
oh you do what color you go to college
yeah high school yeah middle school
elementary school preschool take care
that I don't never come to school okay
you're not a baby she's a baby
yeah yeah no we said you're not a baby
you're not a baby
I brought some cool toys for you two for
you
we're gonna make a video about it and
Andrews gonna we're gonna make a video
with Andrew - what you want to do one
are you sure okay and can I do one with
Andrew too
and then you guys went doing together
okay hello my name is Andrew
I am 14 I like long walks to school in
the Huey's and I'm looking for a
girlfriend you wake out your ego
are you awake from all that are you
looking for a girlfriend no is it cuz
you already have a girlfriend
no I was because you have two
girlfriends no three yeah you have four
craftiest years for girlfriends
who's your best friend Lauren do you
miss her you know me to tell her to come
to come to North Carolina okay I'll talk
to her I'll see if I can get her to come
here that's a weird reaction hey Maya
come here
Malaya you know what we're doing
tomorrow I'm buying your grandpa a car
yeah you know what you want you don't
know yet I'm not sure okay well whatever
you want we're getting it tomorrow
looking though we're doing it 100% yes
do you know what kind of what kind of
car you think you should get a big one
oh that's a good that's that's a good we
already chose for you dad big one a big
one what color pink a pink big car we're
toast that's what we're getting you
tomorrow and do you want a car - okay
I'm gonna get you a car tomorrow - okay
now this is a North Carolina breakfast
oh yes oh yeah I'm so good we got the
country ham
we got the scrambled eggs get the hash
browns we got the sweet tea we got the
pancakes and we got the biscuits and
gravy
oh if your mouth isn't watering right
now then you got to get your priorities
in order
oh hey did you take a nap I took a nap -
so you took a nap I took a nap and
Andrew took a nap and Aaron took a nap
oh my gosh oh and Nana come on it's your
birthday it's dad's birthday we got to
go we got to go but first I have to end
the vlog what because it's time for the
end of vlog tuk-tuk hey hey hey that's
all I have for you guys today because
it's time to upload so tomorrow you will
see the rest of what's going down on the
birthday adventures so this is part one
of the birthdays part two is tomorrow on
the next vlog then Monday
me and Andrew are doing video I brought
a really cool toy to experiment with
with you I haven't opened yet I haven't
played it yet but it's really cool
is it playdough mm kind of something
like that then Tuesday is the day that
the vlog goes up where I buy my dad a
car and I buy Andrew his first car
because he's 14 and when you turn 14 you
need a car mmm right yeah yeah so I was
gonna get a car for them tomorrow but
for some weird reason most car
dealerships are closed on Sundays I even
tried to google it and see why other
wired is closed on Sundays I could not
find a reason why they are just closed
so Monday is when you're getting their
cars I am buying them their first cars
for their birthday and then Tuesday the
vlog comes on you guys can find out what
I got for them comment down below and
tweet me what kind of cars you think I
should get for them especially my dad's
I'm having a really hard time trying to
come up with it something like nice and
sleek but not like a sports car but high
performance with like four doors so he
can take the rest of the family if he
needs to and something really nice I was
gonna get the Tesla but that takes like
two months to get here that's too long
we need something now I want to get it
on Monday and I want it to be in this
driveway of my parents house so make
sure help me out if you know anything
about cars let me know what fits my
description see you guys on the next
vlog on until then do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
your name okay bye
