we would do dope welcome back to another
day and today I got something special
for you because the girlfriend laurdiy
is here agent here help me with doing it
big Disney challenge we actually do the
Disney song challenge on his channel
first and it was so fun we did it twice
yeah we did Christina spice way to did
me some challenge of Christmas on town
well you're embarrassing okay
both so now it's time to do it on my
channel for you guys because it's so
entertaining
I'm sure I make it through the charm you
know lose three time around let's do
that you can't your hardest I do
water guess is seven Craig Disney songs
first win let's go let's do it Lauren
apparently didn't grow watching a ton of
Disney right no I didn't is doing all
this all that terrible
ptui trust me is not be T and maclaurins
carrying on the frustration from the
last class let's try to sing the word I
see the light it's not you're not a
handle butters Hey
one two zero let's go on to zero that
was at the top of my list actually
because Alex told me you love that movie
this one time all right here we go
this one's just for the movie of Hank
just the movie you ready come on Alex
too much for Alex as he plays for Alex
one way we're gonna sell or we're going
to seven yeah you're the one behind
Dino down ones the theme of the Disney
every Disney movie there's two words in
front of that when you express yes
getting some water
no one needs of Disney knowledge no I
didn't even get 24 hours notice I didn't
give you some Disneyland's ready okay
here's here's the extra good stuff no I
was like
you
yeah giving them to me you know the song
I don't know III yeah yeah but I like yo
all right here's another super obvious
one that we've done before
yeah cuz I played the chorus this time I
didn't play that
yes 43 okay thank you for three Oh what
okay I'm gonna get cereal now oh oh
right
I need to get four she needs to get to
we were trying to make it as fair as
possible so I mean Alex you did say that
the old movies I'm going to give you
Redemption okay
six to four or four what yeah you get
three in a row
yeah just three to give me that four
five six
okay
okay Wow okay
six-five okay
she's one away from winning on to
something try to myself no go rhythmic
build a distant goal I literally looked
at the 20 most popular Disney songs of
all time list two on Google
let's get down to my table which words
and the words are in there can I have it
no don't I don't play against you so
remember dinner great whole let it go
I'm transferring my knowledge to you no
way
this would have been the one here you
got that right yeah because it would've
been tied right yeah so we'll just play
okay before we say goodbye I gotta let
you know because you don't owe me is
that the for one sake merch please went
live as soon as this video with up so go
get yours before they run out of your
size and then you're sad but then you
get an extra large one because you're
that hard
horrible wasabi in and then you get it
and you realize that you should have
this out because you can fit all your
whole body and you can tuck your legs in
is actually pretty warm and comfortable
so I did that that's true that happens
so get here before they sell out go go
go
thank you - AJ no thank you guys for
coming through I love being the third
wheel - y'all favorite thing his channel
here and thank you to my girlfriend
first video if you think I deserve a
rematch hey hey
today see you tomorrow until them to
become don't forget remember if you're
not smiling you do
