what's up everybody and welcome to the
first ever a boyfriend vs. girlfriend
why don't we do that more often cuz I
beat you in so many things I mean I
think you and everything we do okay
we're doing it this is a new series
boyfriend vs. girlfriend gingerbread
house decorating challenge you just call
this girlfriend humiliates boyfriend in
gingerbread decorating contest
we have pre-made gingerbread houses that
means they're already built we don't
have to build them that's the messy part
because I want to show her that I am
worthy of being the DIY King but here we
have gingerbread house icing an
assortment of candies Oh everything
except probably have to massage the
icing before we use it I won't I just
sit on it like a like a head baby chick
like a bit of chicken nugget go home
dress dress okay all right okay here you
go here we go oh did you lose you want
to admit defeat now wow what is that hey
you know what I'm not the one bringing
foreign objects into this competition
yeah I'm not the one who buys poor
quality gingerbread house making kids
this is oh this is a wreck right now you
know just like your face I'm sorry I
didn't mean it is the heat of
competition
okay okay okay not even that nice it's
so nice oh yeah oh yeah cager I think a
little bit what the end I'm gonna get
back a little bit what yeah do you think
uh pee in this maybe guffaws illa good
one
Oh wah wah wah ah why are you clapping
me that's what I was gonna do you
copycat that's definitely not what
you're gonna do it's a hundred percent
one's gonna do you don't even know me
you don't even know me what's left every
color well favorite number 22 okay you
know me pretty well and when's my
birthday March 20th where was important
Montana she's a good girlfriend you
don't know me
oh yes I do I know that your middle name
is Patricia not my real name will you
stop being a little cheater and started
getting your head in the game
gotta get to get to get to get your head
in the game gotta yeah get in the game
gotta getta getta getta get pants game
here's a mini reveal of my amazing room
easy it is time for candy
you don't even know you don't even know
I can't like you're this confident with
this like masterpiece sitting directly
next to you 20 how to be a little sad
because my gingerbread house look oh I
see your lips moving but all I hear is
he's my read to know why is this one
almost out and that will look super full
I have no idea
check this out i tender is this person
as I said here's Utley he got pooped on
by a drug elf contestant number one
explain your house okay so I have the
most beautiful gingerbread house ever I
personally have ever made rainbow and
they are in perfect color coordination
sequences alright on balls mm-hmm and
then I've got my little red door and
I've got a gumball and mint spare leaf
gummy garden with rainbow lights so
Santa and the elves and all the reindeer
know where to go and then on the back it
said wise and there's curtains on
windows don't even lie that is so good I
even impress myself and how good the
handwriting is it's pretty good it's
pretty good introducing the one and only
wasabi gingerbread house
oh my gosh yes here I have a little bit
of shrubbery here I have a yellow
doorknob I chose that color because I
thought it would look nice you're
missing a windowpane this is a modern
house you wouldn't understand
oh okay on the roof you have a plethora
of items peppermint if you don't want
don't want people touching it then you
can have the wrapped peppermint then you
have some some shrubs growing some
bushes growing on top of the roof I
probably should get that checked out to
top it all off you have a lid that was
put there to replace a pepper mix I ate
earlier
you can't eat all four her house you can
eat off my house those house would you
want to visit it when were you eat all
of it or the one where you can't even
touch it this is where you psychopath
lives here
well you can't even touch her house how
are you supposed to even get in hey babe
your shows funny you like mr. sunny I
just built a house that's only after you
guys for the first ever boyfriend versus
girls
red challenge if you want to see more
boyfriend vs. girlfriend then like this
video and make sure to comment down
below who won it spelled a le x ba b see
you guys tomorrow until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wow it's a
strong house never your hand I really
hurt okay bye
