can't sing the mallanna song again we
just sang it but but in the last walk
what it is would it be what it do duh I
am a grown man and I can't admit that I
was a little bit sick a little bit
yesterday even though there's not really
even any proof that I actually even was
sick starting the morning off with a
collab with Lauren Lauren and I are
gonna go react to some stuff on
youtubers react and then we got to come
back so I can film a video for wasabi
Wednesday and then another video right
after dat let us begin
is your second time on the show it's
probably my eighth time onething cuz you
know I'm on the dope dope but you are
doc doctor you want to super dope cuz
that guy's a cushy I really didn't think
that we walked in that's her right but
definitely er is it it is that I think
it is is that you where that's you right
you right
oh that yeah I knew it you do the key do
the pose I want to see they didn't
believe me it is you actually knew it so
a few other youtubers showed up but
there's something crazy we all have in
common
your boyfriend his name is Alex your
boyfriend's name is Alex and my boy your
boy is Alex that's so crazy we got two
and Tila here chillin they're not even
on YouTube they just they heard we were
here they wasn't coming up they saw our
snapchat Oh
my god Allen fool Fabi is only an hour
away from you no more bun touching stop
don't touch your buns to go you guys
okay
all right no no that that's weird get on
our level okay that that I don't know if
this isn't appropriate but it's
definitely awkward so there's something
really weird going on with YouTube
everybody's talking about the same thing
everybody's losing yeah views and you
losing subs and like not losing it's
going down I posted a video and it was
like the day of it was that like a
hundred thousand years yeah and then I
checked back and then he took if you
didn't learn 30 tell me to like what me
too don't want one video though yes so
weird
I love you I was losing for everything I
thought dianna like which was happening
yeah I tweeted out saying hey Dee are
you guys still sub to my channel because
some people are telling me they got
unsubbed automatically they didn't will
do that views are down for everybody
hundreds of people are tweeting me
saying them they're not subscribed
anymore and it's weird cuz it's in
December when like everyone's watching
yeah it was like yeah it's off school
I'm like yeah I usually get the most
yeah I check everybody's channels like
every single youtuber I've talked to
says the same thing babe they're losing
subs
their fans are subscribed anymore it's
crazy so make sure you go Riis absque
ribe if you're not subscribe and hit the
notification bell so that you get
notified when something goes up because
it's on that dope don't who's next
it's my turn now get a girl bye have fun
you're about to be weirded out so hard
yeah no really yeah it's always weird
where he's not on my feet right now
because I was hanging on so that cuz
you're my soul mate
the bottom the zoo Oh
everybody loved baby Dino everybody
loved ever did not never been enough
everything all everybody loved it I've
ever but this love baby Dino can't sing
the Milano song again we just sang it
but but did in the last walk forgive
wince Erin at the edge of the water long
as I can remember never really knowing
why I wish I could be the perfect
daughter but I come back to the water no
matter how hard I try every turn I take
every trail I track every time I make
every boat leave back I know women can I
go if I go there's just no doubt
it is finally time for the secret
package I showed you guys a long time
ago the second part came in today
for that video so now I'm actually able
to do it so I texted call this morning
and said come over we got to do it right
now for this rossabi Wednesday I'm gonna
jump on that and I'll let you guys know
how it went after what did you think of
my surprise it awesome what do you guys
think ten idea did you what you do you
did a surprise you did you know what it
was no baby
oh you heard it though I heard something
I was like we were close now I got a
plane in there
what's lobby Wednesday you guys find out
what it is work is complete and now it's
time for play so as he thinks that he
can catch a nerf gun pull it right away
I couldn't breathe how'd you get that so
good it's so bad
welcome to the end of vlog talk on the
live stream I called a bunch of you guys
and it was so much fun you guys were so
excited just as excited as I was to talk
to you you were to talk to me and I I
have to do it again
tonight on my second channel I will be
calling you guys again and I will be
doing it every day for the rest of this
week so make sure to go subscribe right
now to my second channel youtube.com
slash Alex rossabi because I want to
talk to you guys I'm gonna be calling at
different times of the day throughout
the week because different time zones
are asleep so if you are asleep for this
livestream you might be awake for the
next one so follow me on Twitter because
I will be tweeting about an hour or two
before I actually start calling people
so you can be aware and I'm going to
need you to retweet the tweet that I
tweet later so that I can DM you for
your phone number and last thing do not
miss this week's wasabi Wednesday
because it will blow your mind see you
guys tomorrow the next Valken until then
do me a favor don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye
you
