you're sick no you're sick you're saying
I'm obviously not sick and nobody loves
baby do you know everybody loves media
no don't nobody does what it is would it
be what it do Joe I just had the most
stressful day I've had in so long as
long as you know I did a live stream
yesterday in the live stream I gave up
my real phone number because I was
getting a new phone number so I said oh
why don't I give on my phone number to
his audience
I'll answer random calls and we'll talk
things didn't really go as planned if
you saw the live stream things got super
stressful not only did my phone freeze
and turn off on its own
and I cannot turn it back on meaning I
need to get a new phone plus a new
number one before I was just gonna get a
new number Busey came in and he had a
whole bunch of stress going on guppy was
peeing all over the floor Laurens
getting sick it's getting crazy
I'm not sick I don't get sick you're
getting sick sick I'm not sick I'm not
sick I'm just a little sweaty
I have a cough I wake up in the mall -
the head hurts but that's all because
it's not like a head cause I'm not
seeing ah I'm just I'm just struggling
tired
big no you say I just need to drink some
milk you say this morning was stressful
but if you're not smiling you're doing
it wrong so from now on for the rest of
the day positivity no negativity
positivity let's go and that's why I had
to delete the live stream because it was
just too much negativity it was bad
vibes stressful it wasn't good vibes not
positivity positive face the flag behind
you as a mom
boom positivity and feeling better are
you feeling better yeah sicky-sick
I'm not sick you're sick you're sick you
never listen to me what I'm like I've
been standing at the edge of the water
long as I can remember never really
knowing why I wish I could be the
perfect daughter but I come back to the
world no matter how hard I try take it
Lord I take every trail I track every
time I make every road leads man
I know where we cannot go we're going to
be recalled it's just no telling how far
are we done yet are we done yet
alright done yet alright done yet
alright done yet
are we done yet yeah we're done no oh
this is what a pomegranate looks like
that's weird and did not know this
Lauren there's a bunch of seats in this
thing those seats it are yeah but the
what so there's a bunch of those and
this yeah how do I not know this
is this a commonly known thing yeah what
I thought hunger look like you for you
oh I don't want to get sick don't kiss
me you're sick
no you're sick you're sick I'm obviously
not sick and nobody loves baby do you
know everybody loves me ya know don't
know but it up you know what kind of
candy promotes positivity what gushers
can I open this and then pay for it
later
yeah you think I'll get in trouble no
really
I'm not gonna hold that is it allowed
like do they know okay we'll ask
somebody amount allowed to open this and
eat it before I purchase it okay so okay
cool thank you now I know she's that
it's okay
you heard it here for first folks you
can open candy in stores as long as you
purchase it before you leave the store
better be a good boyfriend and get this
for Lauren make her feel better because
she's sick when what happens what you
know what the routine is what is the
routine two to three days
uh-huh you're in denial of what being
sick I'm not sick
that's it okay then after you go in
denial and it's actually it's safe
you're like a man-child peace baby cuz I
mean maybe that you're a little baby you
can't a little little coughing a little
cold you like you like have to sleep
like 16 hour a day you can't function
for girls just go about their day and do
anything when they're sick boys you and
my dad you go mi a because you die in
your bed I'm not saying I'm a sick but
when I am sick I get super sick because
I really get sick so when I do get sick
oh no I never get sick right and when I
do I have to stay in bed because I have
to recover you know why you go wash your
hand that's why you get sick I wash my
hands I let me clean like an animal like
guppy are you saying Guppies wrong I'll
be clear to me out no man could be clean
ourselves the same way you're gross
candy always puts me in a good mood a
good dancing mood I knew that is coming
well
that was not how I got the super nice
you know what else brings happiness oh I
can see like this
oh no guppy sick to your hand guppy
between you and Lauren I'm gonna get
sick one you guys are gonna be sick
don't like the bottom of people shoes
it's gross hey it's like it's like he's
pulling on your guys's shoelace
hey don't pull so hard Oh Gus guppy has
gasps - cubby you just all kinds you're
sick and you get this gross stop
guppy you look crazy let go let go let
go stop sit hey hey hey let go no more
cheechee can you tell guppy how to have
some manners
and don't like people shoes don't eat
things off the ground and don't chew on
my shoelaces that would be really cool
if you get them Oh Gigi you're sick too
everybody's sick I'm gonna have to take
care of all three of you ah such a good
boyfriend / father I like your
enthusiasm but that bone is way too big
for you bro oh we already got a hole in
it let me see let me see
Oh plenty of work though
uncle Alex and wants more aunt auntie
auntie Lauren have to go to a party okay
so let's see you in a little bit the
buddy party no I'm not sick but if I was
sick I'm doing a very good job I
pretending I'm not I'm feeling a little
tiny bit under the weather maybe
and I didn't want to come out tonight
because I'm feeling down but my
girlfriend does so much for me it's my
turn to reveal the favorite nobody saw
that you're sick
please
y'all take it take it take it take it
let's take it home hey wait do you have
one everywhere nah yeah I can take it
I'm not gonna believe it so you take it
home ha ha ha chicken nuggets whadda you
actually he's told the bouquet what I
told you I would I don't think you'd do
it you know you're a rebel you're
promoting theft
now you're right they were your friends
they probably wanted you to take it but
you didn't ask cuz you're a rebel
let me see you rebel face ohh oh my gosh
ok alright put that put it away put it
away no more stop stop stop
you're gonna hurt yourself yeah stop I
really have no idea what Laura is
talking about good I feel fine I don't
feel so good all I know in the morning
I'm gonna feel hundred percent
that all feel good
welcome to end of vlog talk what is this
what is that I came in here after waking
up sick started combing my hair and my
hair keeps falling out don't you see it
let me tell comment more never comes on
like that
that's wake up coming here start combing
my hair and that starts coming out why
why is my hair falling out like this
what is that it's my hair falling out no
way I think this is a mixture of maybe
being sick being stressed out and
probably because I dyed my hair too much
I dyed it blonde and then a couple
months later I dyed it dark grey I
probably should have let it heal because
things are not looking good right now ah
my hair has never ever ever fallen out I
don't know what's going on I'm not
dyeing my hair for a while again it's
probably all gonna fall out but hey you
have to look at the bright side if all
my hair falls out then I'll have a fresh
start
I can I can start over with healthy hair
and even if you're sick stressed out
your hair is falling out you got to stay
positive because it's like no matter
what the situation it's better than
being negative and because if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong okay bye
