alright guys they're rolling me up to
the house right now currently park like
one block away so I have to be quiet so
she doesn't hear me what it is would it
be what it do doe today is the day that
the secret mission the whole reason I
came to Las Vegas comes to fruition I'm
about to leave the hotel right now to
start this adventure and you guys are
coming along for the ride
but first I'd say goodbye to the hotel
goodbye hotel goodbye giant room of
hotel ness I rise I'm leaving this guy
he's a little mad cuz he wasn't in
YouTube rewind why are you so why are
y'all mad for even salty all morning so
basically guys there's thing called the
YouTube rewind where they recap the
whole year you know me and ass was in a
huge yeah who's you as I ain't hit a
good year we saw you I was in there I'm
telling you you were in it I wasn't in
it bro they're gonna put you in next
year don't worry about I'll see you
later I gotta go I have finally arrived
to the destination we are setting up for
the biggest surprise I've ever done I
did I actually did a really big surprise
for Lauren recently as you know but this
one might top it I cannot wait to see
the reaction of a little girl we're
gonna go visit her family and I am going
to appear out of nowhere with the help
of my magician friend Marie hey boy see
you man good see you wait we load this
in we practice you feel pretty good
about it right I mean yes you're okay
with that I'm a little confused cuz all
he said is we're gonna get there I'm
gonna get in the box
the girls gonna open the door and not
see me somehow cuz apparently I'm not
gonna be there and then he's gonna open
it again and I'm there I don't know
what's gonna happen all I know is I got
to get in this box
toxeus magic man it's complete magic so
are you ready to surprise her
yeah all right I think we
over there and make this girl's
Christmas be like yes let's go a couple
weeks ago my friend Marie did a magic
trick where he had a Christmas tree that
was plain and within seconds he had it
fully decorated and is really cool and
he posted on Facebook I said hey who
wants the tree I want to give it to
somebody that needs it not just somebody
that wants a tree so he found this
family so he gave him the tree and then
he said hey who is your favorite
youtuber
she said Alex was javi so then he got
his friends to contact me so I drove
four hours to come here and surprise her
for Christmas I love making people's
days that's the entire reason I make
videos just to make you guys smile so
hopefully I can I can put a smile on her
face too what are we doing alright Alex
so here's gonna happen okay we have this
book for you okay I was just step in the
bag he's gonna stand there right now
look when you stand there you're not
gonna know where you are
but we will know where you are so yeah I
just did here and that's it
yeah when I open that door BAM but when
the door opens the first time no one
she's not gonna see me not at all you
just gonna be standing there nowhere to
see you trust me okay it's a man I trust
you I trust you right understand all
right
okay Wow sorry oh okay that's good yeah
yeah I feel I feel the magic I feel a
little tingly do you feel like you're
getting invisible yeah I feel ever yeah
it is feel weird all right let's go make
this girl's Christmas
all right guys they're rolling me up to
the house right now
currently park-like one block away I
have to be quiet so she doesn't hear me
and one thing we also didn't look in the
book very well and well I brought Alex
of sabe huh nice meeting you I was ah be
there you go Merry Christmas
I heard you watch my videos is that true
what you gotta say I didn't even get to
do your voice now that I'm here I just
I'm gonna sit under your tree until
Christmas hey you on the same early and
say hi to my vlog you watch my vlogs
right now you're in it I say it's a say
hi Gigi
Joey I have a question do you does
everybody love baby Dino or nobody like
baby Dino nobody does no no no Lily
don't nobody loves a video you don't say
anything to Lauren hi no no came all the
way here to here nobody loves baby Dino
mission complete guys we did it
yes we did it yes thanks for making this
happen man that's awesome thank you guys
at the door open she was like oh wait
what emissions are crying uh and I hope
she has a good Christmas that was
awesome
have you made her Christmas I thought I
told me on the picture I hate it when I
take pictures with people I meet because
they watch the videos and then they
don't tag me and picture so I never get
to see the pictures oh my god they're
like he doesn't see it I do want to see
it tag me that was a truly amazing
experience I'm back with my friends now
Susie's asleep rice is filming or
editing because he films like if he
filmed uh did you film a banger or like
a lame video a lame I'm sorry one
definitely do not go watch his video
that comes out I came out yesterday
don't go watch it this is where he films
though this is where all the magic
happens behind the scenes my boy Alex
wasabi tagged me to do to roast yourself
challenge I don't know what's with this
kid he's too good-looking let's kill him
well he's already off the market he's
got a girlfriend so he's good I just
slept on this floor for two hours I'm
and we're out
there's returning to mom today and what
but he did not come out it started with
you and me who has to end up here means
extra room and he's moving into my city
hit me help you feel me on the way home
from Vegas
as soon as you really want to get it out
and I confessed to him kind of only been
there once on account of two years ago
unacceptable and it didn't impress me
because there's so much I think about it
and all there is is Mel shakes partners
in prizes bro put it in your mouth
you're from California you're probably
like what that was my reaction I told
the cashiers I haven't been here before
came in like two years and they're like
why do you need your alien I love area
and they're like wrong with you can I
get it out your favorite is it good
my gonna drive it is it are you sure
okay oh here we go I'm going for it you
usually get the reaction on the first
bite I like the the toasted bun for us
it's all buoyant mmm think about your
childhood like ratatouille it's pretty
good on a scale of 1 to omg omg Dee okay
I'm a man now
after one leg you get it I get it
because I'm a true California now Do You
Know Who I am
yeah Who am I how often do you watch my
videos every day do you wanna give a
message to Lauren why Lauren lucky yeah
that's why I'm so happy that my mom had
to go because you're gonna go through
the drive-thru I could do it every time
and then but then you came in because it
was destiny
had to me matter you yeah she's been
trying to flirt with me yeah we get the
side of it in and out hats are you gonna
wear them yes what else you gonna you're
gonna wear them all day for the rest of
your lives
yeah are you another John are you gonna
wear them to your wedding yeah are you
gonna be marrying me well you guys ever
you guys are very cute and whoever you
guys end up with it's gonna be very
lucky
thank you oh don't be sad your organ in
that order let's go and your RHD grant
way to know yeah it's official
well the will be home he's got to finish
it now bro what take your men yeah it's
true
hey yeah it's good that's very true
hahaha okay guys have fun at school
tomorrow okay cubby cubby do you miss me
guppy did you miss me guppy
did you miss me I missed you you're with
us and Vegas you getting turnt hey he
was he got turnt with the boys with the
big boys you miss me Oh a little bit
yeah hey did I see yeah I met I know you
did I can tell I'm a little bit big
I actually saw tweet yeah he's so happy
I guess the person watch me watch is
doing good yo who she's beard is so on
point
so whoever that was watches ha ha ha
thank you yeah you know Higa said I
could be on his basketball team but
they're playing every Friday for the
next five six Friday's I had to be there
for three of them or I can't play in the
playoffs thought to go to Vegas three
times in the next two months
Charlie a month and a half and I could
fly I can do it I don't know I want you
so bad
I just want to play on like a organized
league actually do it I would do it I
think I'm gonna do it Ryan Ryan said i
could join his basketball team had to go
to Vegas three top three Fridays in the
next six Fridays you gotta go not even
one time we can get a place so we could
stay Park few days there not to go just
for the basketball game Oh Ryan if
you're watching this I'm gonna try my
best but the holidays is coming and it's
gonna be a busy hurry hurry
it's happening I can't stop it five four
three two
welcome to the end of vlog everybody
said that paper hasn't been in the blog
in so long because you hate him talk and
BB did it at my house right now no they
like they do not everybody if you
haven't seen YouTube rewind yet go check
it out cuz I play David Bowie Lauren is
Rihanna Lilly is Beyonce d-trix is in
there Suzy's in there a lot of our
friends are in there so go check it out
tweet us some screenshots of our parts
if you find all of them and can't wait
for next year the air bear wasn't rewind
beverage erected rewind oh boy
hey hey hey carpet so I've noticed a lot
of youtubers have been complaining and
saying that their subscribers their fans
are getting unsubscribed from their
channel when they didn't want to do that
do me a favor go to your subscription
box make sure you're subscribed make
sure you click the notification bill
because I tweeted out yesterday
saying hey I heard a few of you guys
have been unsubscribed to my channel
unwillingly it just automatically
happened has this happened anybody else
and I got hundreds of tweets hundreds
saying oh my gosh you're right
I just want to go check because of your
tweet and I am unsubscribed I don't know
how long I've been subscribed I can't
believe I missed so many videos I'm
devastated I was hoping that it skipped
us and it happened to a lot of youtubers
but not all of them but I'm pretty sure
it happened to everybody so please go
subscribe I don't want you guys to miss
out I want I want to share my adventures
with you um hopefully without bear bear
what do you mean better leave the
adventurers you're crazy
tomorrow you are not gonna want to be
late 3 p.m. PST California time I don't
know what time it's gonna be in your
timezone but get ready
find out what time it is because I am
posting my phone number in the title of
tomorrow's live stream I'm going to be
live streaming that means I am going to
be on the screen when you see me on the
screen that's going to be exactly where
I am it's not pre-recorded and my phone
number will be in the title and you guys
can call me and I will be answering
calls for like an hour and I'll have a
bunch of friends over - are you coming
over maybe maybe Weber is not beer oh
that's cold
oh I don't like it I don't like it stop
stop ok ok put it back put it back put
it back where whose fault is that yours
you instigated that lots of exciting
things happen make sure subscribe click
didn't notification belt like this vlog
come back tomorrow
cuz I want to talk to you guys on the
phone any last words to tell the girl my
new girlfriend from in and out Oh
new girlfriend girl you cube but you
young maybe you should try the younger
wasabi I do have a little brother
yeah actually perfect that what is it
whisk you in Avengers came you oh I'll
get a hassabis taken so run along talk
to you guys on the phone tomorrow and
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you doin
eat wrong
okay bye
