what's up everybody and welcome to
wasabi Wednesday I have my friend here
furious Pete what's up this is the
microwave that I use to put things in
and see what happens
philosophy I do this was the pop corn on
the cob video and there's still popcorn
stuck in this vent and stuff but just
like that video I have my angle for you
guys let's get nice so I got you a white
a present why are you putting gloves on
for safety for safety for what
for when we microwave this
we're moving back yes this is a glass
ornament and this is a little piece of
metal that's what I'm worried about
yeah the metal yeah that's not I don't
know if that's a good thing but it might
be the best thing I think growing no
that's not plastic it sounds optimistic
let's do it I'm gonna put my sunglasses
on just a kiss I don't trust this at all
I've no idea what's gonna happen right
there we got our microwave we have our
protection yoga mat and we have your as
an angle dude that was nine seconds whoa
oh that's a lot of smoke this is what
look at this whoa right away this is why
you're supposed to hang ornaments on a
tree and not put them in the microwave
yeah if you ever have a thought mmm
maybe I should warm up my ornaments in
the microwave before I put on the tree
don't do that that's the first time
something caught fire yeah I don't know
which one I'm picking up ready good oh
hey I like that I like
for this one we're gonna take this off
because this is a fire starter let's see
what this does by itself so you guys
know we are not being reckless and
dangerous we're doing this for your
benefit right this resilence yeah we're
doing it so you guys know what not to do
if you see somebody else do I do this
and I was bad that you know not to do it
and that were the guys I do that all
right
oh that was so cool
replay use your glove use a glove yeah
it's good idea
safety first guys it's the number one
priority over the high no I think it's
like broken oh oh broke whoa oh is that
a hole yeah oh that's horrible it
shattered that totally shattered the
whole thing is he and that was in seven
seconds that happened in seven seconds
Wow I said we let the whole thing
shatter the next one the next one y'all
just let go just let it go let it go at
least see if we could go like for 20
seconds go okay this one's gonna be
intense
okay there's a lot more glitter a lot
more glitter that is a lot more glitter
the more glitter that means is less
likely to catch on fire
correct let's do this here we go
I'm scared I'm a little scared of this
one we do one minute ahh
because totally to spin it spin it look
at know another small right there on the
other side the whole bag look what what
oh just keeps melted oh that's still hot
I feel it you're gonna put it down for a
sec that's super hot the final ornament
this one we are leaving in for the
entire minute
don't worry because this one has us what
is about this one is is nothing okay oh
it's nothing at all can to survive one
minute
that's glitter on both sides I don't
really have one to flip yeah yeah I
gotta take off the tire yeah for sure
danger
okay look at the the immaculate artwork
on this it's gonna be cool okay yeah
full minute full minute oh oh it's
nothing that bad oh just a little like a
little fire
can I do it again let's do it again okay
stop no way 21 seconds we can do it I
think boys are so much coming in like 5
4 - wow wow that is amazing look at that
wow wow that's really your microwave is
destroyed up look at this look at that
is that glass that's a melted glass oh
whoa that's insane that is crazy
maybe it's time to get a new microwave
think it's time I also have to comment
on the fact that we only kept it in for
59 seconds No one second so early
that's all I'm happy guys today I really
did not expect that big of reaction I
was gonna spark but I didn't know I was
gonna catch on fire yeah I didn't expect
that at all ha half the order of it was
God that's it I say this every video
every time Michael made something
Duncan's at home but this one's super
don't do this at home hundred percent oh
thank you to my friend fierce Pete for
coming by make sure you go to his
channel because we did up challenge that
I'm slightly familiar with and I know
it's gonna cost a lot if it only made
sense to do it you know with you on my
channel go check it out and I'll see you
guys tomorrow on the next video because
you know I'd be posted on that daily and
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong wait wait what
hey go that's it okay bye
