oh no dude guys like he's not acting bro
ah dude I just saw that
and last thing I want to say before I go
guys is make sure you send positive
vibes all throughout this vlog like this
vlog comment because we need positive
vibes because I want to prove to you
guys that it is a strong tool that you
should utilize daily every single day
positive vibes no negative thoughts
positive vibes and your head your life
will be so much happier it's the hotel
hello
yeah this is him
wait what so we're being upgraded yes
for two nights no way I would just what
that's crazy
I've never been updated before hey Jana
help me up no way no way I don't believe
it
I don't believe it no way I'm like a
blur till I see it this is a prank no
way no way no Hey
fizzy yeah
Susy Aaron no way a new room I don't
know I haven't made let's go
they just said here we wanted to give
you this we got a pack our stuff let's
go we gotta go we gotta go let's go
let's go yeah guys do not get super
excited about this room cuz I'm assuming
it's the same room it's just higher
level but we get a better view you know
I think that he did manifest this and
it's gonna be a much bigger room okay
well let's not get our hopes up would
all the other two chandelier that's the
big difference
oh oh it is two floors are you are you
the butler or just turning everything
else oh thank you thank you what there's
a pool table in here oh we gonna turn up
no I'm not mother is a trick and facing
the strip and no size table since he's
famous right huh we don't know that you
guys know that he's famous I'm trying
for God did he tell you you're famous
right I did not know they upgraded me I
had no idea this is a good thing this is
crazy I'm glad you guys like this oh
look at these stairs go stairs positive
thinking nice circular Zee
there's an elevator haha oh no way oh
we're going down Oh
oh we're stuck we're stuck we're stuck
enough hey hey oh it's a boy whoo
you're our man further that we get for
the next two days yeah we're gonna be
here okay
all right nice to meet you guys thank
you hey anything you want please how
much is this room a night he said
$10,000 ago haha okay hurry up and just
slap me do ee okay what's happening I
got a slap him why he at the flat
because we got upgraded he said he
didn't believe me so much that he said I
could slap him if we get upgraded and
now we have a two-story apartment come
come
three what are you ready for this about
to be slapped in the face - wait oh okay
Carlos you didn't see anything Carlos oh
that was a baby slap yeah what do you
think of the room say something people
listen I don't know how I always hide it
nice for but he did it I think he went
down in jerry-rigging the system though
that was that mean laughter and I'm
sticking to it
but jerry-rigged mean that means that
you try and work something to your
advantage when it wasn't supposed to
happen equity I didn't do anything I
just positive really thought about it
and I was like this is gonna happen I
still can't believe we got upgraded
that is insane I thought I was going to
put the vlog out they were going to see
it they're like oh let's upgrade him I
know that's not what happened somehow
they saw some type of snapchat or
sometimes it's meat or something what do
you think how do you think they found
out that we were here
Instagram stories
the workers at the lobby I think so too
what do you think you still hurt guppy
guppy did you not like this elevator
ride
guppy did you like that did did did did
did did you did you like the cup did you
like the hood mmm where you go you'll be
back on time to do one of my favorite
things to do get a massage and this time
I got all my friends with me we're all
doing with lots of exact same time
including this guy they don't know what
happened we want to put you at I'll you
so what did you just do I went to get a
tattoo no you didn't who leaves their
friends not and then just just goes and
gets a tattoo I just remember who you
are
wait wait from Lion King from life hey
what up boy alright look look it's two
story home to the of original yeah they
did I told you they're gonna do it they
did it I had no faith in you what
elevator one full table there's ever
good we have three rooms now come on
let's go I told you positive thinking
you think you can handle me I'm not that
good but I think I'll beat you though go
oh my god no glue it's a good start that
was tossed part of the worst thought I
could have had
how's the game going really she said
I'll drop that jizz and this one's going
ham on me does my ball no dude
guys like he's not acting bro ah dude I
just saw that I stepped on this oh my
god like when I hit
it's metal and slick oh look look guys
guys look you like this like and then
pow ah yeah you were walking at full
speed right ah
he was walking at full speed I enjoy I
gently tapped it no but you can see you
just stuff that really hard why is that
the ground I am still in disbelief at
the size of this ridiculousness
just the upstairs is bigger than my
apartment
NL hey it's ridiculous is crazy
two nights $10,000 each that means this
is a twenty thousand dollar hotel room
la alex is not the best at being healthy
but Vegas alex is the worst I've at
least gained like seven pounds at least
in two days seven pounds gained that's
not good my friends are all leaving me
oh except for one swoozie what up dog
you staying with me right go yeah you
guys get out of here you traitors we're
going to continue the adventure without
you but maybe we'll find some people on
the way down we're gonna go start new
adventures sigh what yeah Wow without me
yeah what what that sounds like a TV
show adventures a guffy darn it hey
before you guys go can you help me I
don't think I properly showed the hotel
room so I think we're gonna have to hit
that montage doh
you
you
welcome to the end of vlog talk
I hope this proves to you that positive
thinking is a very strong tool and you
should always think positively get rid
of any negative thoughts in your head no
hate in your life good vibes only
positive vibes only and that's the way
to live tomorrow I won't have time to do
the livestream like I promised because
that secret mission that I am in Vegas
for is happening and I have to give all
my attention to it because it's really
important to me and it's it's for it's
for you guys so you'll see you'll see
what I'm talking about it's very
important close to my heart so I want to
pay attention to it but don't worry cuz
Friday I'm doing something kind of crazy
with one down I'm giving out my phone
number you're that's asinine I'm gonna
do it word I'm gonna do it it's gonna
happen haha live stream Friday 3:00 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time 6:00 p.m. East
Coast I have a second phone waiting to
go no no actually okay so this is the
thing I'm getting a new phone anyways so
I'll have a new number so why not give
this one out yo the world we're gonna
tweet it out we're gonna snapchat it out
you're gonna come over bro come over
okay you can come over Friday I'll
probably get a bunch of my YouTube
friends to come over and we'll
livestream and answer all your calls so
get ready cuz on Fridays livestream on
this channel you're crazy I'm gonna
title it call me and put my real live
phone number up there and uh yeah it's
gonna explode last thing I'm gonna say
second channel I'm gonna be live
streaming a lot next week
so go subscribe check it out turning of
notification bells on do that for this
channel to hit that like button all that
good stuff and I'll talk to you on
Friday until then do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it absolute that meant they
wrong okay bye
