what it is would it be what it do dull
the adventure is about to begin
yes I'm wearing the same sweatshirt as
yesterday don't dwell on that let's move
on it's just you and me bro Vegas maybe
we'll find some people died again maybe
we'll find some people on the way bad
even come with us make a quick stop and
then we're on the way it's happening who
is it hey hey Kyle Kyle yeah you want to
go to Vegas with us
yeah okay come on
this one up there is he noted if this
feels like a smelly finally made it to
Vegas haven't been here in years
and uh I'm not sure this hotel rooms
gonna be big enough I'm coming I'll come
in who is it oh those here we hunt you
down the cub good color on you
yeah what a surprise this is one of the
bedrooms we're gonna have to upgrade
wait wait what is this room things we're
talking about man I don't know if y'all
know that what are
I don it and I did it myself but what
this is a bathroom what is this that's a
thing that the water if you sit here you
sit on it there's no seat then it's just
water but why oh and if you guys step
this way the butler's quarters and it's
where the dog sleeps I have this dude
flying Italy and I was like y'all want
to tug on it
hug on it that's what hahahaha the
corner unit right Amazon I have these
bushes their faith was just flown in
from Dubai Dubai hug Italy dude the town
come on and this is the the guest
bathroom oh the guest brother all this a
TV in here I forgot about that
when I use a toilet I hope you'll try
this at home welcome Fridays I use it
facing it so you eat cereal and read a
book and riot
this hotel is dope and we are about to
have so many adventures you're enough
just to try to do it one time no way
this is cool if they had it coming out
of the floor that'd be even cooler
pretty dope we got in that GPU what what
up boy there's actually one room that's
that's bigger than the room we got
really I'm hoping that they're gonna
watch this vlog tomorrow and then and
then they're gonna upgrade us I have
somebody at the hotels you know I watch
it tomorrow and like oh he's still here
for two days we gotta upgrade it okay
you think you got it I don't know I
think he's gonna have it we're gonna get
upgraded tomorrow I'm not getting
upgraded
this is the second best room in the
hotel the first one is ten thousand
dollars a night look I believe in the
law of attraction and I don't think they
got positive vibes this is why we're not
going to positive vibe oh but the law of
attraction as long as you believe in it
I blind I do believe doesn't matter okay
I believe in it do you believe in it I
believe it of right Aaron dude they were
you acquitted if we do you can slap me
in the face please slap you in the face
but if we get upgraded this two nights
that's twenty thousand but then I think
they're gonna do come on yes they will
positive vibes guys you're the favor I
know
no positive vibes guys I'm even gonna
hey I'm even gonna title this they
upgraded something like they upgraded us
to the penthouse because it's gonna
happen so positive thinking I I know
100 cent in my head is gonna happen song
entire call that positive thing and I
call back clickbait okay well no if only
clickbait if it doesn't happen so I'm
risking clickbait cool
that's the risk but it's gonna come true
watch so he came to dinner and we
decided that we all shouldn't pay for
this you should pay for this or you
should pay this or you are you only one
of us need to pay for this home we don't
all have to suffer each of us is
selected a color and we're going to spin
this whoever it lands on two times loses
and they have to pay for everybody's
meal got it whoo that's blue I have one
it's gonna be Yugi
oh are you yeah but I was yes ha ha ha 1
2 1 go this is so I'll please don't get
me wrong
how'd that happen
this is rigged this is ring no way you
said it for that you this is no way
while we're in Vegas for my secret
mission that I'm on I had to stop and
see mr. will hey what's up we both got
her hair dyed you become us as we see
each other last last time no see how's
it been anyway I was in living in
California oh you're right and when
you're moving back what's Ryan fired me
so it could be any day
really okay you're fired you come back
to me yeah yeah I'll get you back to
okay there's a fire him fire him
if you fire him assistant come back to
me no I'd be too easy Perico every time
every time Ryan goes I'm gonna fire you
I was like oh I get maybe I can go back
to my sake they're like nah they hate
you know it's just Kyle I don't hate
last question I was up do you believe in
positive vibes pop yeah of course and it
makes things happen yes but uh what does
that work there's couple of attraction
so I'm like hoping that this long as can
be seen by the hotel they're gonna
upgrade me Oh
vibes I don't know that's what hey hey
positive positive stay positive maybe
not so today
hey and that's how much for friends oh
go to my friends have more room I'm
losing
I already got one yeah that one one
that's it nobody else got hit oh here we
go here we go cause it's one one one one
oh this is Gary don't be yellow this is
me or here guys on yellow things are you
you man down oh you got one too who
doesn't have one Aaron
there's you'll be the only ones than
that one oh it could be over right now
okay come here go go you gotta pay for
everybody I'm gonna get two desserts
two diet desserts though all right
goodbye my friend
more adventures tomorrow tomorrow
welcome to the end of vlog talk Thursday
you will find out the secret mission of
why I brought all my friends to Las
Vegas and why this whole adventure is
even happening I'm gonna do something on
Wednesday edit it
Wednesday night posted on Thursday just
for you guys so you'll find out very
soon and last thing I want to say before
I go guys is make sure you send positive
vibes all throughout this vlog like this
vlog comment because we need positive
vibes because I want to prove to you
guys that it is a strong tool that you
should utilize daily every single day
positive vibes no negative thoughts
positive vibes and your your life will
be so much happier
the hotel
hello
yeah this is him
wait
okay bye
