all this length it's about to go bye-bye
you're killing my hair it's gonna be
completely different looking what it is
would it be what it dude oh I just
helped Lauren film a video for her
channel and now I got to go help
somebody else so a video for their thing
and it's just it's a busy day and then
later on I have another video I have to
shoot so that's three videos in one day
just for you guys and yesterday's video
I told her about a comment team and team
nobody loves David you know no no nobody
know you're pronouncing it wrong it's
it's no mmm okay bye now
oh until the next video for this guy
first videos for Lauren this one's for
you that's a fact yes we got George we
got is it Johanna - Johanna Johannes and
Mark oh you didn't remember my name is
no I got it I got it and you have
glasses on today that's right they're
Miata stuff so who speaks a different
language you do what do you speak sorry
and German nothing that's really Syrian
I do speaks about you how do you say if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
in in German they know nice Lakers and
muscles fight okay in your fake language
that you don't know know how to speak is
it on Alea pattaya but you look spot is
that right oh now it is my turn to film
my video with a special friend named
Ricky hey we're gonna we're gonna film
this really cool video I wish I could
show you but I can't and I'm gonna post
it what are we posting it Saturday
Saturday third Saturday third yeah we're
both posting our video it's gonna be
awesome
this is gonna be really cool it's a cool
experiment I've seen but we took it to
the next level you'll understand
I don't wondering I'm federate that's it
I'm not sure how it keeps happening but
candy canes keep disappearing from the
street and I have no I
dear how why because you eat them like
ten a day what would let's not dwell on
the past because I got new candy canes
and we're putting them on right now
I got spring I got Jolly Rancher and I
got the sweet tarts let's get it hey
don't eat them the main ones are really
good though I heard I I'm getting my
hair we did three gunnery did we did I
read it of course I'm dying it back I'm
cutting it down it's too long I thought
it'd look good but it doesn't it's gonna
be awesome
Bambi's helping me you gonna put a
shower cap on me because she says it
doesn't look ridiculous at all when
uva's shower caps on oh my god I look
fantastic I can't wait to show you guys
the final product our three is almost
upon us I think we have like two more
because we're almost done dying and then
toning like and then cutting I'm a voice
of bashing out of there you don't put on
work what all this length it's about to
go bye-bye it's gonna be completely
different looking right now it's like
grey green grey matter of all green uh
May
I like it before I was like wasabi
blonde this is a different version of
wasabi blonde version to version 2.0
wasabi blonde
he actually said he's given like bunch
of people wasabi blonde they come in
asking for wasabi blonde because of the
blog because of you guys and then he
gives it to them if you guys ever come
or if you ever get your barber to do was
high water if you ever find him and get
him to do a side once tag me and I want
to see the wasabi blonde I wanna see how
it looks on different people whoa
it's gonna look on that dojo Joe so what
about that good good I kind of kind of
do when you do the time you'll see it's
gonna be on that dosto and that good
good and it's gonna be on that new new
introducing wasabi blonde 2.0 what do
you think it's a lot different than it
was before the first time I got a cut it
was like yellow now it was like it was
like a light gray silver yellow now it's
like dark gray I like it a lot it looks
really cool I hope you got like two I
just post Instagram about it if you guys
liked it go to the Instagram picture I
posted and give it a like so I know that
you guys are digging the new hair I'm
going where's your head Swizzy no
where's it I don't know I heard you lost
it no hey Kiko if you're gonna ask you a
question yeah it's right what do you
think about my hair I think it's Tom
Brown really jealous ha ha what are you
doing on my hair why did you like it
it's weird right it's like dark grey
what are you looking for my hat what's
it look like
it's black and in my little pony what
have you looked everywhere no just I
don't believe it as close I can sense it
my bone Alice you know I spoke at a
middle school last weekend just for what
and they all asked about you
ha ha literally I guess that's it I suck
at middle school down they were like are
you really pregnant
Alan's Wasaga oh it's wasabi is back
here I'm here
another day is here meaning another
video shall be filmed for the launch I'm
so excited
is it a DIY video are all your videos
DIY videos you're the DIY Queen I so
that makes me a DIY King Wolfie made me
Prince savage so you have to make me DIY
King that doesn't mean them better king
and queen or like they're not better
than each other you give me the DIY
Horseman what day like king why turn
your title hi dude DIYs all the time am
I your king yes
okay some DIY King yeah nope it's
settled dead white King Alex on the DIY
King yeah if you guys think I'm DIY King
comment down below hash tag Alex for DIY
King okay I told him I had a 70 pound
mastiff dog down city you gonna be told
looks are deceiving he's actually 70
pounds yeah he's 70 melody so Pete is
here cuz we are gonna film a super epic
collab that's gonna be good he's gonna
be painful mine's gonna be dangerous
I'd actually not be able to actually
film it because this or that yeah as you
guys know I collab a lot because I just
have a lot of YouTube friends I'm like
hey you're here you're hanging out you
want to make a video like yeah cool so
you're probably like my probably like no
joke probably like my twelve collab in
the last month yes crazy but only
because it's not like hey come film it's
just like they're they're like hey you
want to blow this
you gotta see this cool toy I just got
he's not even real this is a toy fine
yeah
it really does look fake right better so
he Canada okay you guys want to hang out
while we film yep
okay bye guppy well don't get stolen
whoa whoa where you go I put it down he
put it down he did welcome to the end of
vlog talk I just want to say thank you
to the people that support me no matter
what
because sometimes I need a day break a
lot of you understand that you guys are
like take your time
rest come back when you when you're
ready and I never miss more than one day
but sometimes I miss a day but I'm only
human 90% of the time I post a video
whether it be a vlog a DIY and
experiment but that 10% sometimes I need
a break but I'll always come back to you
guys because I'm never gonna leave you
because you're my family wasabi ins our
family so thank you to the loyal wasabi
ins that are there for me no matter what
and since you guys give me so much I
have something else I'm going to give
you on the second channel every
Wednesday I'm gonna do a live stream but
it's something super special and you
guys are gonna find out very soon I'm
excited to do it it's it's super I'm so
excited for it I can't even explain I
you just gonna have to wait till wasabi
Wednesday tomorrow I am going on a new
adventure with for my really good
friends
and it's gonna be a lot of fun but the
big thing that's happening is at the end
of the trip on Wednesday I will be doing
something that I've always wanted to do
you guys are gonna love it
it's gonna be life-changing I'm super
excited about it I'm going out of town
just for this bring a bunch of friends
and you guys are coming along for the
ride see you guys tomorrow when the
adventure begins and until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong okay
bye
Oh
