would you like to join me in my little
Oh
okay hey way it's aromatherapy it's fine
what it is would it be one dude da
welcome back to the journey because I
know you'll be watching the vlogs on the
daily you didn't miss yesterday right
right right and you know that today
Lauren and I and you hopefully have
started the gallon of water a day
challenge it's not as easy as it sounds
it's a lot of water
have you started are you beating me for
now it's the only reason hey wait you
guys put me on blast like that right now
we were headed to a massage because I
told you we'd be on that workout grind
with the muscles in the go and the on
the sit ups and the giddy but first I
got some news for you remember when I
told you that I did that last Instagram
giveaway and they got 1.2 million
comments that's a crazy amount of
comments from one picture right so I
decided to look up that specific picture
that I posted a long time ago and look
at how many comments are on it now and
guess how many come turn it now yeah
that's not 2.6 million comments on one
picture most obvious be going aboard oh
I don't think this picture is gonna get
over a million comments but it's getting
upstairs better enter right now cuz I'm
choosing and I'm choosing the winner on
that soon soon giddy I'm about to scroll
Scroll scroll Scroll scroll Scroll
scroll Scroll scroll Scroll scroll a
million times then randomly pick a
winner but for right now I gotta get all
right if you can't find any massage
places that's open call some hotels and
you might find a way it's gonna be so
nice when they put the fingers on this
and press down to release our most
attention over here okay and did it gold
like this hoodie you can get some
comment oh we're a little way for the
massage so I kind of change real quick
why hello would you like to join me in
my little oh okay hey way it's
aromatherapy it's fine
yes yep anything together okay okay I
could work with this
I like it let me see let me see you I
see you like boom okay all right
Oh bathroom that's nice see you guys in
about an hour and a half how was your
masseuse Vicky did you like it
segi it feels so good what kind of fans
did you make during the massage to be a
face that's a key well it was very well
deserved I know how hard you work and I
left the wallet at home
I told you I got to go somewhere cheaper
and you're like no I guess I'm a busy E
and then I guess for massage and running
go
I'm not going away I'm not gonna lie I
can't get I need hip
I need hip hit me Hey oh you pulled my
pinkie you popped all I think all my
fingers okay one of the day no what way
we go wait
stir stir stir stir stir stir
what
whack whack well I got hot tea I can't
make the running run hey why you got no
pants on okay chicken nugget I'm beating
you they're not wait he's psycho okay
hold on hold on
glug he's gulp well good night do you
yeah you quit oh my god you quit the
abwehr guys you quit the water bottle Oh
drink it drink it drink it drink it look
at your face you look so happy oh I have
a pee already what that's so fast now
time to knock out this 15-minute ab
workouts for the tenth yeah out of 30
not even halfway
and don't forget could be are you doing
the are you doing like water gallon
challenge with us here you go here you
can have this one yeah drink the whole
gallon every single day don't let us
down Lauren already gave a hug hey boy
where's your water bottle
did I say water bottle like a duck oh
you didn't finish it no no that's like a
tiny bit my turn oh man that's why
having water balls in 8281
no way yeah
how they might be you pants wha he's
going for it just a little boy you're
already halfway there your paddle you
can do it you can do it I think you have
to pee five times tonight I know this
it'll be worth it get it get it get it a
girl you got it okay sir
day one complete let's go twenty men in
the knee welcome to the end of vlog talk
so far we have reached over 160,000
comments on the Instagram picture
giveaway
that's insane picking the winner
tomorrow night and you guys will find
out in Sunday's vlog who won and don't
forget I will be scrolling hundreds and
hundreds of times before randomly
selecting the winner so keep the
comments comment that's like after you
guys today good luck to you yeah I'm
talking to you you're gonna win I
believe and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you do whenever bye
