okay bye now what is would it be would
it dude oh I know it's Wednesday and
they're supposed to be our lobby
Wednesday a video of the most epic
epicness but we got a problem we ran
into a little problem
the big surprise package that I told you
guys I was going to show you today comes
in two parts we only have one of the
parts the other one we went to bunch of
different stores none of them had them
so I had to order on Amazon and that
means that with the wait for like a week
and a half so the super epic video the
most epic video I'm ever going to post
and the whole wide world is delayed
about one week but don't worry cuz I'm
gonna vlog today and you will now get to
enjoy another adventures day with me and
me amigos are you leaving me the bull
just started and you're leaving I'm
going back in five hours five hours what
do what I mean the Wasabi's gonna do for
five hours
I don't know lose everything because
everybody luckily with you know wrong
Kyle you leaving soon what do you love
baby Dino yeah yeah Florence is yes but
what does Alex say oh this is telling me
to say no it looks like a floating
lollipop because your arm whiteness of
your arm blends in with the whiteness of
the wall yeah I get that a lot
fine Oh me you guys mean Olaf I just
gonna have our own adventures guppy
goofy goofy why are you upside down why
you said that okapi why are you laying
your tummy like a little puppy
really dude you trying to get up are you
like a turtle he's stuff right now here
they're a little better give it to me I
want to chew on it even trying up all
day it's my turn
stop stop it
okay bye now come here copy oh yeah uh
yeah we're gonna get you tired so you
can have a good night's rest and you
won't bother us
oh yeah Jimmy okay okay okay okay okay
don't be crazy now hey don't jump don't
jump stop okay come on hurry up the
longer you don't start going down the
stairs the longer people realize I need
to clean my carpets let's go he got it
full trust come on bingo come on go
goodie follow me okay we made it said
you on I'll get aside guppy c'mon guppy
complete them there copy hey hey hey
good good yeah yeah good lovey we made
it to our obstacle course whoa oh yeah
Cuffy ah
hey is it like you good happy good happy
yes you love me you're a happy go even
lovey
good come here Debbie come here
what's happening right now you're
celebrating send me singing graduating
her for hitting over 100,000
okay where's yet color I know okay
I've caught some you so many times I've
been like semi come over I need stitches
semi come over for real reasons I'm real
real yeah yeah yeah so I'm not gonna
scare ya oh yeah and I'm gonna be like
but um I hear this is hey basic cream
ice cream cake take him over this is
going really well so far guys
Lauren come here hey you look really
pretty in this way no I'm just kidding
you do you do you do you do you do I'm
just joking
Ikey oh no ok one's out one the ones out
don't panic not man calm down relax
relax relax sis you're stressed dance
don't don't be stressed
whoa whoa whoa oh gosh I hate it when
you do that I really did I feel like
your heads gonna explode everything you
do that stop stop no no stop stop one
day it's gonna happen and I'm gonna be
like I told you I told you something
yeah I know about stuff don't say it
Oh fast ask that that fat
thank you thousand thank you yeah okay
you already down one Kendall though so
you got to blow it out I realized Lauren
and I fight a lot not over the normal
couple stuff but over whether or not
people love baby Dino and if you having
to watch my vlogs if new to it this is
baby Dino when we went to Paris we went
to Disneyland Paris they had this guy
there but we couldn't bring him back on
the plane so I surprise Lauren and order
it online and he got here and I didn't
know until he arrived but I don't like
him not because he's a dinosaur I'm not
like I don't have anything against
dinosaurs I just have a lot against
stuff these I don't like stuffy's Lauren
has too many there's like 50 in my life
before I met her there was zero and now
I've had this guy staring at me with his
little tiny beady eyes if you agree with
me comment down below
hashtag nobody loved baby Dino but if
you agree with Lauren I guess put
hashtag everybody loved baby Dino I'm at
Lawrence because she asked me to help
her film this video that she has a super
special collab with somebody for but I
can't tell you guys who it is because
she wants to keep a secret so I'm not
gonna tell you but it's gonna be really
cool
when you guys find out I can't wait it's
a crazy another DIY challenge and uh the
special guest he's pretty cool guys he's
pretty cool yeah yeah where is he
or she welcome to the end of vlog talk I
feel like I really messed up guys I was
supposed to post a super cool video but
then I messed it up I I didn't have the
second part of it I was supposed to have
two parts I had one part and the second
was coming but when it comes it's going
to be the dopest video you've ever seen
ever so just wait for it and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember everyone loved the video not
smiling you're doing it wrong oh okay
bye
