what it is would it be what it dude
where that left heart anymore oh this is
going to be the first Christmas we've
ever had in this apartment
so Lauren strongly insisted that we put
up a tree why do we have this elf if
this if he's not gonna do any work
Hey get to work sir come on go build
this tree ready come on go build it do
it do what you do
Hey elf don't eat the tree that's a big
secret Lauren knows what it is right
guppy don't eat the tree you're not even
eating it he's just biting near it geez
is that Christmas guppy
hey don't eat the trees okay all right
you're done bad elf bad elf this is a
really big secret that I'm probably
gonna show you guys tomorrow I think
tomorrow oh you won't oh yeah no no
Wednesday this is big enough to be the
asabi of Wednesday it's a huge secret
can't wait to shoot it I'm shooting it
tomorrow
Kyle's coming over and it's gonna happen
while you're watching this video scroll
down a little bit hit the like button
first and then comment what you guys
think this is you're probably all gonna
be 100% wrong but if why don't you get
it I'll be very surprised
wasabi Wednesday filming it tomorrow not
back to the trees keep it in this box
yeah no you can't I can close it yeah do
it prove village first
no no prove it and then I will put 100%
I'm not gonna be able to focus
I'm not hundred percent focused I'm
gonna be wondering about this box this
whole time all right oh my gosh such a
little worker else hey I'm not the
Grinch except for in last year's
Christmas music video I'm great
I'm the Grinch I mean angry now so y'all
think us on the Grinch I'm the Grinch on
the Grinch
I mean agreeing I say y'all thanks cuz
I'm the Grinch excuse me what are you
doing you're making reindeer sugar
cookies while we make a Christmas tree
and decorate it
Christmas af Christmas deck the halls
with boughs of holly follow la la la
put the lights on our fat tree little
Alon and I ha ha ha ha you know I've
never put lights on the top
huh because I've never had a big
Christmas tree except for when I go home
I'm gonna love the home my dad to do it
Billy
it was the first time ah yeah a very
Lorex Christmas should I start going
down or just keep going circling the
same the same circle sorry does serious
question no of course I keep going the
same circle oh are you sure yeah Erin
yeah now put the top on on later when
we're done oh we also hang the candy
canes - can't King what are you saying
but what are you whispering like a mouth
nothing ok
absolutely nothing mm-hmm I heard you
you liar
and he said so do
you're perfectly on to night there to be
on the voice yeah oh yeah okay it's a
little naked right here thank you okay
let's bring this guy down a little bit
yeah candy canes I got the candy canes I
got the candy canes I got the candy
canes yes I do
do you want to help me put this on the
tree I only ate three okay here you go
hi boy why nice hey yes Oh I put all my
toys under the tree I did not realize
how many toys I have until I put them
under the tree and that's not even old
and we put the stockings up and I got
guffy chi Chi's stockings Alex Lauren
Erin Sarah Gigi guppy but what do we put
on top of the tree this is a glutton
tall tree it's seven and a half feet
yeah yes yeah you know what this calls
for a Christmas montage why I got this
hello are you full for all the cookies
come on it's sleepy time huh yeah you
throw up here come come
haha ready one two good like they eat up
ha ha ha how's it it's done some tan
kept it to who okay let us see about
would you like it oh can I fit in it
what I'm what I'm not fat I'm big-boned
too bad for this boy I'm not fat I'm
big-boned bye
not that I'm are using I'm with chubby
not wasabi I never said that she said I
was with champion Lucero's with chubby
in another vlog is it yeah chubby yeah
we all hey that's what I said you said
CH you let me put my with chubby body in
there
okay close it
oh yeah that's math okay close up now
okay you can close it suck it in
look at the end amazed yep can't even
see you not even like a little tie slip
review it on me something back not
nothing oh yeah you fit what chubby pick
I do a choppy oh hey okay
welcome to the end of vlog talk if
you're wondering why I'm always wearing
this hat it's because of all this hair
it looks crazy it takes a lot of work to
tame but don't worry I'm getting it
fixed on Thursday new hair new Alex and
if you're wondering why I'm always
wearing this super comfortable and dope
robe it's because I got it from the
present that I got for Lauren which you
will see Friday and you will understand
where I got this from uh and I'm just
super excited for you guys to see it
it's crazy it's it's uh you just have to
wait and see that package I talked about
earlier is for a surprise for Erin this
wasabi Wednesday I promise you're not
going to want to miss it it's actually a
new addition to my apartment and I think
it might be even cooler than the indoor
pulpit I have you're not gonna want to
miss it wasabi Wednesday coming at you
guys tomorrow
get ready see you guys tomorrow wasabi
Wednesday and until then do me a favor
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
