no I feel bad I love you bad
oh it does hurt yeah Oh what it is would
it be would it - doh just went on my
week-long vlog break but I'm gonna vlog
throughout the entire week so you guys
don't miss anything and today I have a
collab with my with my good friend he
has my favorite accent I've ever heard
and his name is Taurus what's up guys
crazy Russian hacker we're gonna do some
fun videos today I had to take a break
from filming so that we could get some
of it as pizza cuz he's not from here
yeah this one's yours 800 pizzas you're
high it's good what do you think it's
delicious the best music ever had he's
never gonna care for why not she's lucky
hiding do you know whatever um I fell
off camera okay
oh they do
oh okay tell them I said hi so this is a
piece of dress you see it's smoking
right uh-huh
so what happens if you put it in your
mouth no no yeah well don't do that
no take it out spit out stop stop that's
not good that's not good thank you
oh my gosh your mom's not gonna be proud
of you so as long if I keep moving along
my mouth it's not going in me what does
it burn little bit
uh-huh moving faster I love a smoke
coming out so good he was hurt a kid
yeah yep yep it is a new day and I have
not driven my car and like five bucks
but you live in LA in Hollywood you just
go everywhere everything's closed like
Lauren's a block away
Aaron's my like roommate who's my
favorite where else do I have to go I've
nowhere to go so I don't drive my car
but when you run your car for a long
time
the battery explodes apparently this was
covered in white stuff they white like
acid I guess and he had the poor diet
coke on it to dissolve it and it was
worse than we thought so I'm just buying
a new battery and he happens to have one
on him so works out
see I take care of you what's this
that's what this but that was already on
your hand nothing I'm like oh that's
unsupervised a this is what happens when
you don't wash your car for five months
oh my god yeah uh-huh
that's nasty yeah so it's dust gross
Guffey you can sit there if you want but
you're never gonna get any are you gonna
do just watch me take everybody ha ha no
matter how many bikes I take he's gonna
watch it go in my mouth he said Oh
everything look guys like mmm please a
gram this is human food my friend mm-hmm
no sir heck
hi
I mean something different something
exact same yeah hey Luce good otherwise
okay go go
how's Pinacate don't know just say uh
nobody laughs David everybody knows
better than that nobody has a very deed
on heaven I have a bet you know I don't
know much about candy canes but these
look like some good quality candy cans
these are some some juicy candy canes
good job Jana the movie Lord and I have
been waiting for for so long it's
finally out it is Moana it is the the
rock the Hawaiian Disney movie it's out
now
Laura and I finally the at the movies
we're going to watch it we were waiting
so long for it as soon as you tell the
trailers months ago we were super
excited so we came to my old town
Glendale California where they have the
best small in Los Angeles
in my opinion and it is it's definitely
better the Grove is cool but this is
better
chicken nugget the wad oh hey are you
when are you waving at the Christmas
tree do you always do that yeah slow
weird happening about to see it actually
tweeted the rock about the city tweeted
back because you know we're friends me
and DJ go way back we did and he assured
me that he did not mess up on this movie
I said super excited about this movie
and he said don't worry I didn't mess it
up it's great go watch it and said yes
sir no something like that Wow what you
think I'm water what do you think I'm
Alana I haven't seen you would you what
are you gonna think of one good I didn't
see it like the scene when he was on the
plows hahahaha this is the turkey what
do we name this Fergie
yeah yeah Fredrick Fred again hey Fred
yo Freddy T with something first you may
got the macaroni cheese Oh mashed
potatoes mm-hmm from scratch delivering
a corn sweet fried corn yes Alex I made
the eyes and the Rice Krispies and the
potato chips shall my delicious dessert
you know what it is would it be what
it's dude there he bars Heath the bars
for me thanks Taylor
mom it does the mom I can't even lie
Heath is one of my favorite candy bars
ever so he just made its income being it
like Hershey that also makes score
because I made another confess Heath is
so much better than score you do ask for
you I've had score they have score here
what what's the thing day I don't I'm
saying I know he does better I look my
friends
Happy Thanksgiving you guys look he's
the first place you're a second but I
feel like I'm gonna close third with
what right here I'm definitely like Sam
all right Aaron just be honors I'm doing
do the honors be good
mm-hmm oh all right give us some dork me
I want some skin doing where's the jerk
me to go far with you you know it nobody
knows it
what am i right wait we're starting over
let's get down to business to defeat the
Huns didn't you kid they send me
daughter
ha ha ha ha I've ever met but you can
bet before we're through
sister I'll make a man out of you
what a fire
and become an our duo or no with all
cinema raging fire mysterious as the
Dark Side of the Moon
oh you guys believed oh you'll never
look more like a kpop member than right
now no way where's his words the end
for Lauren's one-year anniversary
presents there's curry green the red
dream on
chillin on the court I'm probably
texting after the game see what's good
to try get its on the night you know yo
step Kevin you try those people on after
this
someone to try to take the escalator but
I'm the one the chicken leg so I have to
take the stairs love chicken legs
chicken other leg oh and you got you can
look at legs because you like to check
and knock it wanna hey MOT so far don't
think it may be water away
this is gonna be the most random vlog
I've ever posted so many different
things happened yeah thanks okay
there's Thanksgiving there's this I
don't remember what else happened great
yeah this is a week vlog I took a week
off now I'm back and they're excited and
I know it because they're clicking the
like button right now Oh super smiles
yeah super smile regular smile is a real
of you and a super smile is like and
then you like it cuz you know Rosen's my
oh yeah that's nice
we got to take this thumbnail for this
video that's already out if you're
watching this you haven't seen it go
watch it now yes Mario go tell them to
watch it all right now
dragon dragon tell them tell them to go
watch my videos what boys go watch my
videos it might be none of my video I
don't beat it my head that's a good job
good job very proud nice
alright we shot homeboy let's go see
Luke ever - I hope he's home look it was
at home let's check it floozies help
I know they're here okay hey hey yeah
time to check a blog his home take to
see me he's got ambushed what is that
mega mega Mastodon dog this is 100 huh
big it fill up fill that guy and I'll
let you shoot me as many times you want
you'll want to grace my shoulders I hurt
I hurt if you show a replay I got hit in
the face of players hahaha
three people just aiming you're just
dead it's over
oh my god oh my god oh no I feel bad
oh it does hurt I did yeah Kamal's Oh
chichi did you get a new bed without
telling me who got that for you his hand
of laurdiy you got over her she got one
two three four four oh four and as soon
as she put it in there she jumped in
right away she loves it
I've never seen her we got our bunch of
toys we got her toys all the time this
the first one she ever like jumped in
right away yeah but who wants to sleep
in that when you can sleep in that
that's euro if we put that over it she
would super love it you think it'd catch
one key catchin with legitimate lead I
don't know hey hey you okay are you okay
I got you me like where'd I get you in
the neck no ha ha welcome to the end of
log talk it's been a while I know my
hair is kind of crazy right now but I'm
getting it fixed sometime this week and
it's not gonna look so craziness now
it's time to catch you guys up on a few
things that was the first-ever
friendsgiving I've ever had because I
was away from my family so I had a bunch
of friends over and it was a lot of fun
tomorrow expect a new avatar and
actually a few new things I'm doing to
the channel that you guys will find out
about super excited about it I know
Thanksgiving is over now but I never got
a chance to say what I'm thankful for so
I'm gonna do it now I'm thankful for my
amazing friends this amazing life my
awesome brother that does a lot for me
that you guys don't get to see which is
why I'm getting them a really cool
Christmas present you guys will see wait
just one month away an incredible
girlfriend and you guys it's because of
you guys that I live the life that I
live and I just hope that everything I
create all the content all the DIY is
all the challenges all the silly vlogs
that I make just make your day
it better that's all that's all I want
if you haven't yet go watch the last
seven videos I posted because they're
not vlogs but they're awesome I had a
lot of collapse I did a lot of crazy
things a lot of mind-blowing things and
I had a lot of fun and I hope you guys
have fun watching them to expect a lot
more videos like that along with these
vlogs and I'll see you guys tomorrow
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember hey like this video and if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
you
you
