you can't be your head in there what's
up everybody today I have something
super awesome that I want to show to you
but I needed some help so I brought my
friend Wamba are you ready yes you ready
yes you sure yes
I might do this I have no idea it's
gonna happen you tell me if you know
what this is
okay ladybug a mighty mug what does it
do it's mighty I'll show you you have to
listen to my instructions very carefully
go like this and pick it straight up
go do it go ahead it's gonna give you a
shot No ha ha pick you up in the air
just pick it up they pick it up there
you go way down
pick it up No pick it up put it down oh
I got excited
I got fun nice yes is nice so I have
some pellets for us okay okay wait who's
your feeling yeah clean up clean up
everybody
do you hear do you have that song in
Mexico no I have two other ones so that
we can test them all out oh no safety
first safety these cups are obviously
unfillable so we need something to
compare them to so we need regular tops
oh for sure first test is just a soft
punch a little bit harder some punch
like oh yeah
this is a bunch of offline Judaism I'm
sorry
hmm self punch test number two
who knows pattycake pattycake no
medicine what now you do this with a
glass yeah nice one with a same root of
them you make it an ass I'm sorry I'm
just trying to blend in in this American
world I have a theory that it might
stick to the wall no test number 3
headbutt
Jorgen what am I doing with my life I
really can't understand ha ha ha
regular Cup wamba's death beam up Mexico
oh my god it's still a good day test
number four Quatro Quatro I know he
doesn't I told him to work the hammer
test timer says no for this one we gotta
be careful so that's what we're using
Carl
yes is break power it might smash you
never know hammer test blast unfillable
 test the puppy test somebody's tell
you she knows go he knows he's enjoying
it oh no it does not pass the puppy test
you can't for your head in history it's
the only way you will achieve your goal
the only way son get in there get in
there
destroy it spill it that completes the
unstoppable cup test the regular cup
failed 5 out of 5 times this one failed
one time but the rest of or it did
really good this is because it has a
weird little suction thingy down here
that I don't completely understand when
you put it down you can easily pick it
back up
easy no suction but it won't go to left
or the right and it gonna bring it to
the side you got trouble or if you're
like hey man how are you oh let's make
that four out of six definitely help you
guys today thank you to my friend one
very welcome for coming through and
making this awesome helping me test this
out make sure if I follow him on thank
you on what Instagram on Instagram
follow on instagram at gifts at this and
also you can follow guppy yeah he has
Instagram too here yeah I'm gonna move
here now I'm gonna move with you because
he's here you're making this very hard
and edit it you have to announce here
yeah nice gun
ah here no that's gone okay now this is
your my Twitter and it's gone just
randomly have to put it up there now
comment down below what you want me to
want what to do next and I'll see you
guys tomorrow until then - my favorite
don't forget remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong Paddy's
and Spanish sinister San Remo fellas in
the bag and you guys did it
okay bye
you
