it's getaway is good it's fun I hope so
I hope it's going to be so beautiful
what's up everyone today I have a
special friend and his name is crazy
Russian hacker top good I brought over
my channel to help me with some dry eyes
yeah it's cool you want to talk oh
we need to hurt is it was it bad for
your skin it look good that burns look
look how badness
yeah I'm pretty I'm touch it with your
bare hands no you're gonna voltages for
a second ah glad again ah because of
your in what oh do you have coins and
get coins actually take off Yuri let's
see something I never done this
goodbye ring no it doesn't do the deal
with the range no let's see what let's
see what happens when you put a point in
what why why is that happening
wait wait just wait wait see what
happens head now it's supposed to jump
off no more yes and we owe it not gonna
jump out he go what you untied yeah wait
look at Ellen is he in jump out why is
this happening
I think they like all that smoke pushing
it around
I don't doubt this one going pretty
pretty crazy man your points are laying
why hey don't talk about my coil why is
it not jumping as much it's a force so
let me try this thing it's just a look
oh this one is the best cuz it's copper
that's that's it takes you can do with
the way I some coins you gotta keep your
mom hard right so as you guys can see I
want I think I hit him up okay do you
just have guys with you all the time
always hahaha alright that's pretty cool
that you got the next experiment just a
small chunk does it yeah here Oh perfect
TV what are we going to do is you have a
small piece of the ass stick it in a
balloon and
what Hopkins okay that's not right in
your hand the security of fingers love
it I got my name okay I got mine in all
the way here oh dude it's so hot up here
why is it so hot right now it's so cold
it's supposed to die ice melts and the
gods supposed to fill it up let's speed
it up and put put it under hot water
what do you think should I be crazy
Medusa foots motorized enough yeah no
they're not one more guys let's do it
just fill it in ah so cool so freaking
cold
how ha ha ha
this is the good one this is success
this was successes like people next
experiment so we're going to get hot
water as hot as possible then we're
going to need juice so I put it in here
ok easy squeazy very so now what you
want to do grow up boy Chong okay ready
Hey - what I guess what now you can grab
it in your pants it doesn't hurt and
bump it
whoa doesn't feel boy this is smooth
this is a day I smoked bubble machine
and it's gonna go for hours this is what
the ice looks like underwater what okay
go
all right let's do next experiment we're
gonna get hot water of course you're
going to put the ice in it and then I'm
gonna get this soapy towel and we're
gonna run it across this dish and
something magical will happen are you
excited yeah are you excited I'm always
excited let's go
you're right you're excited voice
same as your normal ways no it's not
come on I'm excited let's go let's go
boom oh okay okay watch out look what
I'm gonna do I got soaked in a towel and
I'm just gonna run it a course nobody on
work not gonna work yeah this don't be
another way don't breathe don't breathe
in it now what we wait and see what
happens
it's like a dorm look at this it's get
away get exposed I hope so I hope it's
gonna be so beautiful
honestly I've never done in this big
wanigan don't scare it yeah
it's bigger than the ball because
there's a lost one that's for sure fine
that's so crazy
well that next experiment number one
yeah okay hey you know you're my
favorite science each other another
teacher
you got arizuka's from somewhere I have
no idea what to get him so I had this
idea we could have put dry ice in there
and a little bit of water hot water
okay and hopefully we can shoot smooth
with each other what do you think that's
do it okay that's good enough
all right slicking loading me load me up
yes more more ready set go
Oh me should be kinda whoa aah
oh this is so real
that was the goals video ever made ever
thank you for coming and helping me out
there was too much fun thank you so much
thank you so much to crazy Russian
hacker for coming by all the way from
earth gorilla no no just to make this
video and what a big one on his channel
yeah right yeah we're going to post it
on the same time so go over there right
now subscribe like the video say wasabi
sent you and I'll see you guys tomorrow
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smile you're
doing wrong piece up like that okay bye
Oh
Oh
