is it on my face is it on my face it's a
really face
that's promised oh what's up everyone
and welcome to this episode of wasabi
Wednesday today I'm going to film
something a little bit different and a
little bit delicious we're gonna make
black chocolate for this DIY I have two
chocolate bar molds dark chocolate white
chocolate milk chocolate and some black
food coloring make sure to stick around
to the very end because I'm gonna have
my brother test these chocolates out and
see you can guess which one is which
correct to leave let's get started we're
going to start off with the good old
natural milk chocolate chips we're going
to put in a bowl put the bowl in
microwave melt it it doesn't matter if
it burns because it's chocolate and
burnt chocolate is better than no
chocolate fact its melting it's melting
perfect for the next step you're going
to need your black food coloring I'm not
sure how much to put in there so let's
just put a lot first let's take off the
protective safety seal that I forgot
about all right oh that's crush okay oh
yeah you're not gonna be able to tell
any difference except for taste put it
into your mold it's not gonna be pretty
ha ha ha now put this in the
refrigerator freezer now on to the white
chocolate you want to make sure to eat a
few just to make sure I'm not poisonous
we're good right enough
yes are you sure more yeah a little bit
yeah yeah that is no longer white my
friend that is full-on Blacky black
black black oh yeah that's what I wanted
that is so much better than the other
one I'm just going to come out so good
to the freezer and finally we have dark
chocolate
oh this did not come out as good as the
white chocolate but it's okay we're
gonna roll with it this is kind of cooks
I'm pretty sure it's part good thing I'm
having my brother you didn't aah me
that's gross stop playing with my
emotions good enough and now we wait
let's see if they're finished how do
these all look so different this is a
dark chocolate I don't know what this is
this is the white chocolate which looks
like the best one and this is the milk
chocolate that I obviously might have
probably burnt what is this this is
three different types of chocolate that
is not chocolate this is chocolate I am
NOT a professional chef so one of them
is burnt one of them is perfect and one
of them looks disgusting I need you to
try all of them and tell me which kind
of chocolate you think they are wait why
because that's what the people want okay
oh wow
that was a glue I gotta cut the edges I
think it's glued on see oh oh that's
nice
and now the delicious one that
looks like straight doodoo
okay not working out as planned your
fingers are all over it it's a game
they're clean kinda are they cow
pick your poison brother to this one
that one what do you think it is before
you try it I'm gonna say this one is
dark chocolate go ahead try it darkest
one I'll get going but not green is good
oh oh one no nothing it looks great you
you're doing good does it taste like
she's a white chocolate white chocolate
yes ding ding ding you in that one gross
okay next
let's talk about the start uh quit
you're right you are now two for two you
got white chocolate ding-ding-ding
he got dark chocolate ding-ding-ding
obviously this one is gonna be milk
chocolate or is it dumb waka it is no
chocolate ah is it on me is it on my
face is it on my face it's a really face
that's Brooks oh that's all I have for
you today guys I found out I am not very
good at making chocolate bars but I'll
get better as we go and feature DIYs
this wouldn't come off I actually tried
to wash this off for ten minutes and it
would not come off if this made you
smile even just a little bit let's get
this video to 75,000 likes that's a lot
of works come on we'll stop in let's go
thanks to my brother for helping me with
the taste test part of this go check out
his stuff we're always making stuff over
there to see you guys tomorrow
and until then do me a favor don't feed
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
yeah okay bye
you
