it's on what you do so sir right now hey
dummy whoa what it is what it be wanted
to dog welcome back let's begin the
journey
so to sum up this meeting what are you
telling me well from our research we've
determined that wasabi merch is the best
sounds not right yeah now we just only
surveyed wasabi yeah well hey that's
just technicalities I'll take it I'll
take it
what's up merch yes calm mousse I know I
was gone for a while but I'm back you
know what time it is
Wow
yeah you know what that is stay stay
stay mousse I say stay stay there you go
buddy
eat up cuz we gotta have a serious talk
a serious one after dinner baby okay hey
guppy now that I have you both here we
need to have a conversation you guys
have been fighting a lot recently
because of all the pressure we want you
to know no matter how many followers you
guys both have on Instagram we we love
you both the same rat crap right over
the past week they have been arguing
non-stop and there are always posted
pictures over they Alex you take a
picture perfect I can post it to the to
the IG please yeah I've talked about you
and I just can't take it anymore so
right now we're gonna have a staff
battle yeah yeah this is having a bath
maybe you could just it's a step back ah
guppy is in the lead with six hundred
and sixty-four thousand Instagram
followers and moose is slightly trailing
slightly trailing at 638 subscribers in
only six months Wow okay going
off-script to that last one
well guppy has more pictures well yes
has more legs on each picture ah yeah
well guppy has had the longer career it
does come he's gonna live longer
yeah clearly alive hey best
technicalities yeah well yeah has more
Vinicius misses me she misses way more
misuse me did you tell me if it me she
that was like you know look here's
something soon muscles makeup swims
alright okay alright okay here we go
good times I'm about to be friends well
Guppies not actually a a guppy he is a
pug evil moose is not actually almost
he's a mini bull terrier what's that
guppy what you want to have a contest
who can get to seven hundred thousand
first eight hundred no up seven hundred
trusted news we went way up where where
we're at seven fifty three quarters of a
million okay it's on
put your dukes up sir right now Duffy
whoa Oh save it save it for Dad Oh save
it for the stats your Grammy there you
have it copy the Pug versus the moose
the mini bully wow I can t believe even
dogs have beef my turn as you know I
posted a picture on Instagram in this
picture to be exact and I told you that
if you follow us on Instagram like that
picture and commented anything down
below then you're entered to win all
four of the hoodies of your size I
wanted to get the winner on Saturday
night so you guys will find out who won
on Sundays the law so far there are
50,000 comments like this you guys got
two over 1.2 million comments because
you spam a lot spamming is encouraged
Instagram they might be like hey you've
commented enough for now but in a few
hours you gonna be able to comment again
and that means you need to enter me so
come back as often as possible put your
name in the winnings I want to give you
the hoodie I want to find the wasabi and
winner who's gonna be rockin that brand
new app submerge and if you don't win
they end stores Saturday at 3:00 p.m.
get it before it sells out you ready
some of you might not know but Lauren
and I have kind of been on a workout
being juiced by workout binge
I'm een that we did a 15-minute ab
workout every day for the past nine days
but I'm not gonna lie I actually did
miss a day so I did it for eight days
straight including today
gonna go for 30 days but I've decided to
add an addition to the challenge are you
down wait first off how many how many
days out of those lied last nine days
have you missed how many's have you
missed five it's gonna what okay will
you start a new journey with me then
okay I'm still doing the 30 day
challenge it's rough it's rough but now
it's time for a new challenge Lauren
come here okay oh you're not ready
oh my Jolly Rancher okay this is the
number one addition you can do for any
workout if you're trying to get in shape
this will help you drastically for sure
trust me when I say this if you do what
I'm about to show you every single day
you gonna be stronger faster recover
faster your body will be running at its
full potential because you're just
flushing out toxins you're flushing up
things that the body doesn't need that
just chill in the body cuz you're
flushing it out with your own gallon jug
hello now you can drink a gallon of
water a day no it's not for you right
you're not even doing it right
you don't even how to use these but I
got pink for Loren and black for me now
we can both drink an entire gallon of
water you know how good that is for you
a day you know how much you're supposed
to drink a day eight glasses but that
sounds pretty close to a gallon oh you
take this journey with me or not okay
here's the thing is that you have a
large bladder and see what means that I
do not have a large bar so if I've got
stuff to do I wouldn't go as far sayin
dehydrating myself but I definitely
refrain from drinking lots of liquids
okay how about you have to drink a
gallon every two days okay and I have to
drink down every single day okay can
take it nuggets drink water what do you
guys look like when you drink water what
oh okay I'm gonna fill mine up and I'm
gonna wake up in the morning and I'm
gonna chugalug love if you guys don't
think that sounds hard it's hard you can
only have so much liquid in your body
and they get sappy and then you drink
more liquid they need to pee you're
probably adding at least seven more
bathroom trips to your day by doing this
but the benefits is be worth it if
you're doing it with me just get like an
empty milk jug clean it out a little bit
oh it's like an orange juice jug apple
juice any kind of juice actually will
work wash it out fill it up with water
and every single day we're gonna drink a
gallon and we're gonna pee excessively
together oh wait I forgot something to
show you let me show you this is where
you're entering the Instagram contest
for oh it's about to go down like oh
hold on let me uh they move this around
like death Hey introducing the newest
members of al-kitabi dot-com
Oh can't forget the old school Wow
Laurie that candy hoodie this is the top
seller actually everybody loves this one
I love this one this is probably one my
favorites as well Oh dope dope skirt
bomb if you're not smiling I'm bald I
got you've got B shirt your moose shirt
your black Lorax shirt he wore a shirt
that one and then the blue if you're not
smiling wow I didn't know we had this
much murder yeah we mirror I think oh so
now you're aware a white weekly limit
see them comments rolls in life you have
been chosen to change the lighting in
your room so it's not so flickery it's
flickering on screen you have been
chosen you don't have the I bet you've
been chosen to join the journey that
Lauren and I are about to embark on are
you ready
if I give it to you got to do it do you
accept these terms no no no no maybe if
you want to are you ready to accept it
what color you like purple red or green
here you go sir this is the gallon of
water a day challenge I do it for a
month I can feel it you go okay let's
not get ahead of ourselves just stick to
one and let's see you could last longer
no and I got two more that I must choose
to join this journey who is worthy to
join the journey find out I don't know
whose Instagram I like better once or
diggie's it's hard because I love them
both equally as my children I know that
one is Erin's dog and the uncle got me
and was born stew and the father of the
meals but their brothers cousin no yes
what brothers they just have different
different qualities you know like for
instance and guppy it's the better
listener oh of course but moose muscle
this goddamn jokes moose is funny but
then you gotta remember that guppy is
more sensitive boy this is the type of
friend that would hold your hair back if
you're not feeling good you know I don't
know you guys let me know in the
comments below
who's Instagram you think is best and
let the race to seven hundred and fifty
thousand followers on to IG begin who is
gonna die that's all I got for you guys
today don't forget to go to my Instagram
picture comment for your chance to win
the brand-new merch or hoodie giveaway
and remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
