I gotta go the movies Lauren you wanna
go can I go no okay I'll see you later
then bye
what it is would it be what it dude oh
what's up everyone a welcome back if you
watch my vlogs you know I had a
celebrity charity basketball game
recently and some fans gave me some
presents and I promised from the bottom
of my heart that I would open them on
the vlog so I'm going to open them right
now
first bag candy
Boris hi choose sour patch kids sour
gummy bears oh no oh no there's a stuffy
in here
what is this you guys know that I don't
like baby Dino and I don't like bear
bear and I give me this
what is Lauren I think ah hopefully
Lauren doesn't want to keep you Oh
to the best youtuber oh very nice
handwriting when we watch your blogs
every single day and see your smile eyes
nose lol laughs basically your whole
self brings up our spirit you are so
funny positive spontaneous and your
enthusiasm is contagious PS if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong this
is from Dakota and Zeki thank you guys
Oh
it's a framed picture Oh me Lauren and
Paris hahaha this is also drawing of me
Lauren with the snapchat doggy emoji
faces in Paris thank you guys so much
let's read the car
Alex wasabi that's me
hi dear Alex wasabi hi my name is Diana
you are one of my favorite youtubers
I've been wasabi on for three years I
just wanted to say thank you for making
me smile every day and every wasabi
Wednesday I know being a youtuber is
harder than it looks I enjoy watching
videos with my mom I wish you all the
best of the future thank you for making
videos tell Lauren I said hi love Diana
oh thank you guys I have one more thing
and it is a donut pinata let's see what
kind of candy is inside
Oh a jackass our basket hahaha this one
is from carmella thank you very much I'm
gonna eat every single bit and I'm going
to smile with every bite if you saw
yesterday's video you know that I'm
taking a week-long break on vlogging so
this would be the last vlog until Sunday
but don't worry cuz every single day I
will be posting a another video a DIY
and experiment with lobby Wednesday
Richard might be coming I'm not sure yet
I gotta check his schedule and I have
another package that is gonna make for
an epic video hmm I don't know if this
is coming out this week because I'm
doing a video with Ricky Dillon and he
is making a video on his channel I'm
making a video on my channel I'm not
sure when is there going up I have to
check with him but I'll give you a
little hint it involves this actually it
involves 12 of these
you'll find out what I'm gonna do with
these very soon
chichi time for food
hey 15 time for food to come here you're
so picky with the food GG you never eat
this you want to eat parts of it here
hey ho take it
use your little baby hands I always back
up with your food like I'm gonna take it
I don't want your food
haha
you're very very fat fat ladies you
fatty fatty fat fat a little tight baby
hands what is this what do you do with
these huh I gotta go the movies Lauren
you want to go here I go no okay I'll
see you later then bye
guppy stop I'm trying to introduce you
to my friend mr. Turkey and all you want
to do is beat him up very polite it's
not nice be nicer I'm happy that can't
be good for your head
you gotta learn when to let go guffy
stop let go let go
you know I the vet told us that he has a
brain that doesn't it's not in liquid
like ours yeah just in there yeah so
it's like attached so like so I can't
bump around yeah so I can't hit the
sides of his skull so you're okay so
this is very bad for you
it'd be bad for Lauren hahaha
comfy that's what you look like like the
bites fight the fights like the bike by
ah
sit sit now tell me answer this question
do you like my glasses tell me the truth
do you like them think he's a little
ambivalent alright oh that's a big word
I don't know that means what see he's
like not sure you decided
oh you're ambivalent don't act like you
knew what that meant huh there's like a
five syllable and did
that's a four syllable word isn't a lot
of syllables going to see fantastic
beasts
with the brother and the girlfriend I'm
not really a big Harry Potter fan are
you doing Harry Potter pants are you big
Harry Potter fans they're not Sian you
read any of the books I read the first
book I read one out of like ten hey for
that doesn't mean I'm against Harry
Potter I like Harry Potter I'm just not
like a crazy Harry Potter fan that's
what I feel
yeah yeah like Harry Potter is good but
it's not like a crazy good movie even
though it's one of the biggest like
series in the world I think it's bigger
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah oh now we're
gonna get lower the rings haters and
Harry Potter hey guys go long this is Oh
long a lot of your saying hey you told
us about the surprise that you and Laura
that you did for Lauren and you said
it's bigger than Paris and bigger than
the puppy for a day but then you didn't
show us
it did happen yesterday but it's not
coming out for until the first it comes
out the first or the 31st I haven't
decided how to jail your surprise was it
awesome was it amazing yeah is it
unforgettable yeah are you gonna give me
a hug right now cuz you loved it so much
heat oh I don't know puppy no oh the
 you guys good for period what can't
wait for you guys see it's gonna be oh
welcome to the end of vlog talk
fantastic piece was awesome we all loved
it it was great it is now my favorite of
all the Harry Potter movies I know it's
not in the Harry Potter movies but it's
the next series of the Harry Potter
movies so it still counts and I liked it
better than all the Harry Potter movies
I've seen if you guys enjoyed this vlog
give it a big smile and even a big super
smile you don't know what that means I
tell you all the time of you on my
videos does not count as a view to me it
counts as a smile because every video I
put out is meant to make you smile a
super smile is when you like this video
so let's see if we can get up to 50
thousand super smiles for my very last
vlog for a week not forever I am
quitting vlogging for a week I'm just
taking a week-long break but I have a
bunch of other stuff that is coming out
so you'll still get a new video every
single day hopefully not with baby do
you know our bear bear
Chii and the huge giant awesome surprise
I got for Lauren that took weeks and
weeks of work long nights to get it done
we'll be out in two weeks I think two
weeks on the first I'll be out on the
first so make sure to look up for that
and when I come back on Sunday with the
next vlog I have a very special friend I
would like you to meet it is the new
avatar for wasabi I've been working on
it for a while and I think I have the
perfect one and he is going to be the
face of wasabi it's me and him me and
him him and me it's gonna be awesome I
hope you guys like it and I can't wait
to show you see you guys tomorrow
as I always do and until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong okay
bye
