no way house is happening I didn't know
this supposed to happen I had no idea
what it is would it be what it dude Oh
today I have a bunch of stuff I gotta do
and one of those things is play with
little dummy copy copy copy copy copy
copy kabhi kabhi what what you shopping
popcorn video without me what well you
weren't here what am I supposed to do I
had to make a video what I can't I won't
you want me to shoot it again I can't
shoot it again
come on copy come on copy today I have
to shoot a collab with another friend of
mine he's never been on the channel but
I'm sure you guys know who he is it's
gonna be hello
huh what I I can't shoot the video again
I already shot it did you call mom no
what's up everyone and welcome to poppin
corn on the cob in the microwave
wait why is it like this is Indian corn
it's a little different than the other
corn I'm pretty sure it's going to react
the same because it's both corn but this
time we're going to do it the correct
way what you're supposed to do is take
your corn put it in a paper bag and then
put that bag and another paper bag to
contain all the popcorn like that have
you seen this before
excited these don't work haha you saw
the other video Oh
they're working think so
are you happy now
no I want to say pop outside of the bag
that's from one let's put in this pot
here that needs butter okay you want to
see a pop outside of it mm-hmm fine
three of them three of them oh that's
one oh come on
show what you made of blackboard take
tops on fireworks no way houses happen
it does what's it happen I had no idea
yeah look at all that delicious popcorn
if my team I get to the cars from the
radioactive fish what kernels Wow
ready hmm three aha
- what'd you catch any Oh
brown - here we go three two one
you got a lot you got three no humping
about you you happy now
yeah are you looking this up no what
it's what you wanted this is all you
stop eating popcorn now you can play
hope you guys enjoyed that video
Aaron obviously did I'm glad I could
make my brother happy if this video blew
your mind or made you smile at all make
sure you give it a big thumbs up and
there's one thing I want to talk about
before I go I just found out that Casey
Neistat quit vlogging if you don't know
who Casey and I said is he is one of the
biggest bloggers on this platform on
YouTube and he's done he quit he's like
I'm not doing it anymore I'm gonna do
other videos so out of respect for one
of the biggest bloggers in the entire
world exiting the game quitting vlogging
I will not be blogging for a week plus I
also needed a break I've been vlogging
hard I've been doing it for 400 days and
I don't you can take a little week off
but don't worry because I still will be
posting every single day I have a bunch
of stuff I want to show you guys I have
some DIYs I have some challenges I
having some experiments I have some
collabs coming out so for this entire
week you guys are about to get some
awesomeness and don't worry I will post
a vlog tomorrow
then I'll post another vlog Sunday and
I'll be vlogging the entire week so you
guys get an entire week of vlog in one
day Sunday vlog Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday Saturday DIYs challenges
experiments fun stuff Sunday back on the
vlog so see you guys tomorrow and until
then do me a favor and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
