should I leave all this footage in the
vlog yeah I feel like I said what is
happening what it is would it be what it
dildo currently on the way to another
celebrity charity basketball game with
my brother we're both gonna play it as a
bunch of Disney Stores playing with us
and some other TV actors and it's gonna
be fun we're gonna play against a high
school and I know they do this often
part of the reason is because I love
playing basketball organized basketball
is different than playing a pickup game
like at the gym the number one reason is
because it gives me an opportunity you
guys I tweet this stuff out I snapchat
about it and so I know there's gonna be
a lot of wasabi ins there because you
guys got my back and I always tell you
to show up and you always show up arrive
to the game before everybody else
because I need practice because I want
this I played in like maybe six five or
six games in the last two years for
charity and I want this to my highest
scoring turd him in fur so I got
practice got stretch I got to get warmed
up cuz it's going the deal I forgot to
shave a mustache that's currently
halftime what's the score halftime who's
up huh no tell me I'm a coach now what I
think I'm going to give it 10/10
you gotta count so this is halftime this
is where we sign stuff and take pictures
I found somebody who agrees in the lore
and I know you're watching this but no
favors grows overnight baby Dino yeah
who's gonna win this game
all right and now I have to do it
hey guys I lost my game yeah I know why
weren't you there cuz you didn't want to
go to Christmas shopping and Tori with
me my friends it's a-okay
come down the toilets no of course you
did it why are you so defensive right
now what was that no it looks good I
like it good okay explain stop
Oh you ready set it all up oh no senior
Christmas decorations yeah
what is the situation that was going on
right before journals going 40 what fake
farting fake farting hey 40 you think
I'm a fake fighter here okay here I'll
do it again but you hold this on your
reaction fake Carter it's not big you
fake fart er nothing
tell me why you wouldn't show me your
whole body will you fake far did you
fake farter yep fake nothing fake
nothing fake bank or your farting with
your your armpit because I know you're
really good that I don't use them in
here no I need your knee pits or
something here you gonna take my phone
okay coming up is it a party app no I'm
go over there I'm gonna do it again I'm
not sure what you said why is Alex fake
farting Siri do it come on you do it do
it go I think you have like like a
whoopee cushion in your butthole no Bank
it's all fake it's all a big fat lie
fake fake fake fake fake but guys this
is really what the real ones also sound
like so this is what I go through every
day so my back makes a little pocket and
when I put on the hardwood and go like
that
thanks for itself put your back fat I
love back fat
okay that's enough let's go see what cup
he's doing isn't that great he's wait oh
wow
pick up the towel oh hey let him out
he's gonna go maybe he's gonna get water
maybe he's gonna hug us maybe what's he
gonna do first he's gonna come to me no
he's gonna he's gonna rubber he has to
pee he left he left us oh hey will you
stop I play a lot of basketball okay and
cut it off later I mean he did you gross
now they're gonna they got something
gross on my foot it's not that gross
guys I'm not gonna show you but it's not
that gross Cup ready you thinking the
biggest poop on my floor did you pee or
poop oh that's pee oh he loved it oh no
that big poopy oh he's still going
okay oh wait what are we gonna do that's
what hey hey
guffy pooping her shoes nope we won't
bear bear' per favore no that's gross
it's so warm its Gras Oz warm that's
warm
he loves his carpet so much I have no
idea why
Oh what he did you can't have that you
can't have it and lift you up into the
air oh look my leg that guppy can't buy
that
No Oh
what are you doing out of my leg that
you're insane
man look those back muscles all you've
been doing pull-ups in your crate even
doing pull-ups huh you've been doing
pull-ups oh my gosh you're crazy
we have to go to sleep guppy that's your
own leg should I leave off all this
footage in the vlog yeah I feel like I
said what is happening sit sit
good boy I don't thank you good boy it's
such a good boy Wow he even hates it sit
good boy
Wow even when he's excited he still
listens you're so nice
oh oh my gosh yeah freakin loves his
curve it cubby sit stay good boy good
boy Wow he stayed for so long what ah
stay still continue okay you get him to
do it he can stick sit dubby dubby no
you see sit a guppy hey buddy welcome to
the end of vlog talk
everybody liked the video
nobody likes baby Dino ended up scoring
ten points in the basketball game and
that just means that I tied my high
score in charity basketball games I
wanted to get 12 or 11 would have been
good too but I got 10 again first half I
made 2 points second 1/2 I made another
layup and I 2 3 boy shots so that equals
10 but is not 11 don't worry though
because I will be letting you guys know
about the next game and I think the next
one is in January so hope to see you
guys there now I have to go because as
busy as you guys see that I am today is
the busiest day ever and it's all for my
girlfriend Lauren I have a big day set
up for her it's actually an early
Christmas present I'm super excited as
she's excited right and she has no idea
what's going on it's epic it's the
biggest thing I've ever done
really yeah what bigger than Paris
bigger than put me for a day what yeah
just wait crap I've been preparing for
this for like weeks
what yes you have no idea no yeah no
it's for you enough for booster so make
sure to come back tomorrow until then do
me a favor don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
gross Bobbo okay bye
