we go rocky what about ever graph - yes
oh well then I understand your concern
what's up everyone welcome to a soggy
Wednesday today I will be doing
something I've already done in the
second channel but I want to go to a
main job because it's been a long time
and I'm stronger more flexible and more
awesome and to do this I need a
beautiful partner this is the couples
yoga challenge get up good luck that's
not gonna do those were dressed for
Christmas because we're super excited
and it's our favorite holiday don't
annoy Snickers this is what we call the
beam the beam okay come on let's go so
got like 10 more to go
easy squeazy right we can do this much
what am i this one I think you should be
that one waiting's with the holding
hands yeah okay
yeah all right easy okay cool all right
oh oh I got it yeah still look good yeah
these are only the basics that's a hard
one okay ready yeah okay go I can be
sure you're better shoes with this
ha ha yes agree gonna Rafi what come
back ever grab you yes oh well then I
understand your concern
oh just commit like that I don't know if
I'm an elf or from San eyeballs it was
sad was that but I'll choose I'm here
this house will smell fit yeah baby
knitting me back ah cookie honey okay
like that okay oh I got okay
wait stay there you got it yeah
how do we get so good oh wow now if we
see the your glasses your forget about
it then we are killing it no I get
nothing less your challenge kiddos the
accident was an accident it was an
accident it was actually this one is
very useful in real-life situations if
somebody steals your candy you got
ketchup okay ah action give me this back
okay okay oh my god yeah we did good
back down
we got this we're advanced alright yes
trust in the power of lore action you
get over records AHA mostly just as
you're crushing my balls my face it's
take it take a final round up
oh you're like a week a spiketail thank
you for joining us on this wasabi
Wednesday we have a lot of fun that we
hope you did too and have happy holidays
coming up anything you wanna say ah
let's see if we can get this to 100,000
likes and if it does we'll do even more
word gas poses don't forget to subscribe
to me and to my girlfriend miss Santa
Claus and we'll see you next week on the
next rossabi Wednesday oh wait no I'll
see you tomorrow
I forgot I post everything until that do
you favorite don't forget they're my
burger not smiling
you're doing it wrong that's not we're
doing we got going on the run pole your
friends making those tours Santa get
into it and then make the boy go okay
bye
you
