yeah we'll lay down splat oh it's your
back your back so it's your back what it
is would it be what did you know oh I
didn't know if he's gonna know that
meeting back up with my friends there's
some more of them lay that why you
always copy in my hat I can't wear los
angeles if you wear california Hey look
we're we're gonna be like did they plan
that good idea we texted before her
they're not gonna be here forever
they're leaving in a few days so I
caught up with them cuz they had to go
shopping cause that's what you do when
you come to LA this guy needed some
shorts and a shirt the what size shirt
did you need extra large where do they
have to get this shirt from off the
mannequin yeah they're stripping this
mannequin from a boy dated because he
needs extra large this is the only extra
large did you take his pants too
sometimes when you walk in the mall you
just come out looking so much better
rockin glasses they're not prescription
but I've always wanted glasses it's
always been a childhood dream of mine to
wear glasses and look cool and everybody
agrees right David how cool my gosh oh
oh oh it's gonna feel like Trek to two
alike thank you you just check his
charlie girl that's moving really fresh
charlie oh are you sure no you're right
okay wait what alright Rach tell Fiona
we said hi these guys are a Canadian
YouTube group called team elbow right
elbows temper a little bit of everything
okay what's your ask now your knees
Lebanese maybe
I couldn't help but notice there's no
Filipinos in your group a little bit
everything there's always room for me so
I'm in is there like initiation Doug get
hazed no I'm basically you have to take
a tryout - Roger - Dave you have to do
something white okay you have to have
some schwarmann but okay okay
and then you got to go to the Shrek land
to have you make some your wax candles
yeah exactly
I'm gonna work yeah we'll lay down splat
boss you're back you're back so it's
your back you lied to me he said that
what he said he said he's little half
circles and why did that where are you
doing you guys are just bunch of
Canadian wires I heard that uh you were
king something what King wet King Savage
yes I heard about that I was wondering
if I could put in a application to be
Prince Savage princess are cool we're
cool Prince a lot in this Prince
Charming Vegeta's the Prince of sands
where's princess no yeah you could be
pretty huh no huh
okay Queen no bread you could be
preference get your Bissell that's the
clearance yep yep tonight me as Prince
Savage I need a sword w Prince Savage
nice oh good new you can't miss it I
didn't really care maybe throw a we know
I'm cutting that part that's not gonna
be in this blog yourself move it
this is the downside to having your own
indoor ball pit when friends jump in
they forget to take their phones out of
their pockets
yeah and then they lose them and then we
all have to join together
what Oh guys hey now we have to focusing
and then we found his phone and now
somebody has to call us okay here I'll
pause is your phone yeah all right oh he
find it he got it yes right there
I'm terrified on an excitement like a
football touchdown got um done that's
done you don't even need it don't be a
slave to technology David you don't need
your phone for that you I've always
gonna call me she checks up on me every
way you bite it
no are you so sweaty Aaron yeah
everyone's gone now but I'll see them
tomorrow except for David because he
went back to Canada in my 10 years of
youtubing I have collabed with a lot of
youtubers a lot of them you get along
with you have fun you make videos and
it's a good time but there are very few
that you collab with and you know
they're going to be a long-term friend
you click with them right away and that
is definitely these guys David if you're
watching this I already miss you man and
I can't wait for you to come back if you
guys haven't noticed Lauren has been
missing from the vlogs for about a week
because she went out of town for work
for my year anniversary gift to Lauren
you know that I got her a puppy for a
day and she loved it on our anniversary
she turns to me and says Alex can you
write me a card a card you don't talk
much about your feelings so I want you
to write your feelings down so I can
read it she knows I hate writing cards
not because I don't like talking about
my feelings but because I hate my
handwriting I have really really bad
handwriting I hate it it's embarrassing
but I love her so I wrote her this note
I can't show you guys what's in the note
because it's between me and Lauren but I
can't show you her reading it everybody
you haven't been in my log in a week and
as the first thing you had to say yeah
nobody like a baby Gina no but I like
Regina yeah yeah well okay everything
though nobody like you know okay read it
don't know how about just read it in
your head brain know what that Henry
right I like it it's cute love Alec I
ain't your chicken you like it I love it
didn't like it Hey mm II feel fun get
along go forever head I know yeah oh
you're in a week you beat to your long
neck your mother now you know what
time it is time for the end oh oh
no papers upstairs yes yes yes yes yeah
okay big cheesy cookies like I think so
okay Lauren is back and the universe is
in its rightful place once again
I said nobody still activity nope nope
oh ow you're hurting me no we're gonna
go take a nap now because it's one of
her favorite things to do here a hobby
and we haven't had a nap together in
over a week ah so we gotta make up for
lost time
let's see you guys tomorrow the next Oh
tomorrow's what's happy Wednesday I'll
see you guys on the sobbing Wednesday
until then
my favorite don't forget remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it okay
bye
