are you guys what it is what it D what a
dude oh I have been so extremely busy I
know I say that every vlog I've been
doing bunch of collabs filming videos
doing meetings running errands I just
cleaned up the apartment with Aaron
we've been taking care of a new baby
puppy and we're thinking about getting
another chinchilla 4G cheetah uh become
soul mates with and cuddle with lots of
stuff going on so I woke up this morning
outside I canceled everything I
cancelled a club a meeting I was like I
need a me day and that's just happening
everything clean
my life is organized I got a friend
coming over you guys might remember him
and I just want to relax and play with
guppy that's all I want to do that's it
so that's what I'm gonna do I have a
question do you guys do you guys see
this do you do you see this right here
yeah mainly it's mustache you ever seen
yeah that's what I thought hey you don't
have to get that close you can see it
from far away that I don't remember the
days when I had to shave like once every
two weeks and then eventually I was like
once every week and then eventually it
was like once maybe twice every week now
I have to shave it almost every day and
the worst part is none of their friends
want to come out and play only here and
a little bit right here south of the
border but no where nothing actually
there's like five right here but I pluck
those until they need to be shaved they
don't count time get rid of this bad boy
down deep much better
and the boys have returned you got rice
Chipotle we got my boy Mitchell you guys
haven't been here in a while
do I have it been here for like a month
I saw these new elevations on this house
I have somebody I want you to meet what
who um I'll bring a broom up guppy c'mon
guppy come on
he made it he's also the smartest dog in
the world I didn't know you guys knew
that I'm getting kind of hungry though
you don't eat up don't you Aaron does
something that I think is bad but he
says not because it's nature that's what
they do in nature
he says Mufasa does this sounds like
alright who know who they can that not
normal boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo
good nature your chances of a picture
quickly ah before you go you must do it
no way what all my guests do guys look
as a kid you know I'd be on taguchi's
and there's always a time limit like
hurry up next kid so I could never just
like swim in a ball pit so today's a
dream come true oh you're just gonna go
for it were you
it's phenomenal look at you guys
slacking over here you ready being bombs
what are we doing we're about to fill
some bangers that you guys obviously
look super excited with cool bag yeah
the dogs peeing on the ground now know
why you make it a pee-pee the lemonade
what do we do I don't I just got this
dog I've never had a dog before you just
gotta drink it we just like leave it and
hope nobody notices yeah this is great
no no cubby no no no nein nein okay okay
I guess I should get some towels on the
right well people are upstairs oh yeah
they'll complete in the reason we're not
filming yet is because I ordered
cleaners upstairs and forgot that I did
that so I told them to come film but
there's like four people upstairs
cleaning the apartment so the workspace
is gonna be spotless and then we're
gonna go upstairs make an absolute mess
and when they finish downstairs they
gotta come back upstairs I clean it
again no I like how you walk you walk
manly what are we posting these videos I
wanna your channel on my channel I want
on your channel that's tomorrow this
vlog isn't gonna be out this is coming
out after so it's already up so go watch
it if you already watched it go watching
videos to watch he had three three three
my go-to drink in the morning is black
iced coffee
no sugar no cream
just black hey Alice can I try yeah
drink it I like it yeah you like it
don't get all of it you seen any of my
videos I almost throw up in every single
one so oh you can't get worse tastes
like water is good it's the worst roll
widest his delicious and is healthy for
you there's like no calories in it I
want you to drink this and smile on the
camera like you if you like it I do like
it really like that no smile on our
faces don't drink at all great coffee
we're about to film bangers you need as
much caffeine let's get this Red Bull
and black coffee to there that's
actually doing yeah I like that know
that healthy opposition you're drinking
it good morning it is good thing I
didn't want to finish that a little kick
to it
videos are finally complete
they go up yesterday so go check them
out they're already out and they're I'm
not good good this video was so epic
that it took all his energy away and now
we're about to head over to an escape
room if you don't know what an escape
room is it is a room that they set up
that you pay to go into to try to figure
out how to escape from there's like
props in there that
clues there's keys to unlock doors
there's different place you get to go
into but we can't film inside but I'll
take you guys there and then I'll
explain what went down after introducing
the crew Charlie David mr. Brian over
there and impostor Alex cuz I'm the real
Alex Logan and Mitchell we're gonna kick
on this room and we're gonna dominate
first escape room I've never tried it
before but about the change to die first
escape room first escape route first
escape room first escape room so only
you we're the veterans we got to take
over we got to lead the pack
okay escape hotel it's about to go down
I get a little nervous every time I was
get a little nervous and this is what
we're doing this is it
good eyes users at the airport no no no
that won't work at their own Airport
they give you passports because they
want you to come back and every time you
come back a different room they stamp it
because there's like six different rooms
time to put you guys away can't bring
you in the room sorry that was insane
if you guys have time come to this gate
hotel because it was awesome we went in
there shows seven meeting my friends all
figured out we're locked in a room
there's actually since those witches
there was like scary stuff things are
moving bookshelves were sliding it was
awesome if you have time go check it out
super dope find the one nearest you and
get to it cuz it's on that dough
okay estimation how long you think we're
just in there I reported like 10 seconds
on the 20 minutes no way more than that
30 minutes yo boys where you at oh he
went bye-bye
lovin it he jump over this wall there's
already here yeah no no into it could
you jump over this wall into it without
touching it this is a viral video I'm
calling it
no I don't know I have a beer or wine or
did you guys need it
this is bad oh oh oh would I go oh it's
so easy I got scared a touch to it so I
would have made it right are you good
that hurt what'd you hit
oh wait wait wait
are you sure is your knee bleeding yeah
now your face
you're bleeding are here now your baby
playing look at it look here you are
bleeding legit how am i bleeding what is
that bloody this vision I have a special
talent
there is no audience thought you and I
you and cream I'm gonna do that Romeo
video
we gotta do it Oh got it this vlog has
like maybe three or four days in it I'm
not sure I've just been so busy trying
to get some awesome videos out for you
and right now I'm repairing another one
and I have a special guest that is gonna
help me with this one
and his name is hey but he's doing a
collab month he asked me part of it I'll
say yeah let me do a video too so this
one won't come out for a while but when
it does you're gonna be love what yep
welcome to the end of vlog talk I know
I'm a little late on this but it is
finally time for the last I Phone 7
winner and the winner is
huh that's drumroll ATL butterfly 4:04
you are the last i phone winner and
you're gonna be receiving one from me
very soon now there are two more things
i want to talk about before i go first
is if you haven't seen David and wolfies
collab go to their channel subscribe
like all their videos comment the wasabi
sent you and show them some love because
I watched all three of our videos like
five times each yesterday because they
just kept making me laugh
they're all so funny go check them out
subscribe like everything bow very last
thing I was on post mates if you don't
know what post mates is it's a food
delivery service where you decide where
you want to eat and somebody goes picks
it up and brings it to your apartment or
to your house I was on there and I saw
this option said hashtag share a meal I
clicked on it to see what it was and it
gives you the option to tweet out this
message about ending child hunger they
are giving away one free meal for every
retweet that your tweet gets if you
tweet it out so I tweeted it out and it
got over 3,000 retweets so that's three
thousand meals going to three thousand
kids and that is awesome but it's only
going until the 20th which is like six
days away so go to my twitter go retweet
it and then go back to your Twitter and
you tweet out the same thing and let's
feed these kids I'm not getting paid for
this this is not a sponsorship this is
not a brand deal I just thought it was
really cool that they were doing that
and they were offering that so help me
help the kids I got another busy day
ahead of me so I got a good up hmm
I'll see you guys tomorrow until that do
me a favor don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling doing it wrong okay
bye
Oh
