what it is would it be what it do go I
have been so busy I don't want to be
busy anymore I have been playing
catch-up the last two days trying to
catch up because me and Laura went out
of town so trying to catch up on this
and that have friends coming in town I
have friends I want to collab I have
other friends that I'm supposed to clap
with huh but it's all worth it
cuz it's for you guys just spent all
morning looking all over town all over
Los Angeles all around I would for these
props for today's video and I feel like
it might be going on a little bit of
viral dough it's something that I guess
is kind of known but I didn't know about
it my entire life have never even heard
about it I showed Lauren she never heard
about it I showed some other friends
they were like what that's a thing so
I'm gonna make a whole video about it to
day but first I gotta meet up with my
new friends my new friends have arrived
first you got Wolfie gay ganking what up
Kasabian's
and then you got D it's a gene I just uh
I just if you just saw a movie w6 v oh
my gosh yeah that's pretty tall I'm sick
reading this guy my brother 6-4 is he
actually yeah and a 6-foot well 6 is not
bad
unless you're not much really hot
imagine ha ha ha ha I tweeted out
something recently and it was about
being a youtuber and it's like if you
want to get youtuber than just be a
youtuber you don't have to like don't
talk about it just do it and this guy is
an example of that she's got to do it
just upload non-stop and this guy we
have actually been in each other's lives
for a long time and he started at Halawa
2009 tip 9 but when did it like take off
for you like 2000
last year yeah I'd like to get lucky
right here you got half persistence
right I am good YouTube for 10 years and
it didn't take off for the first four
years and like I wasn't like all not
gonna do it I just got to do it and you
can do it go a while alright I'm going
to take a hard one for this year Oh for
this year but you know be like seven
years seven years sweet hey guys come on
come on you want to be to get to context
we believe in you we're sweating
we're not is cuz we just played it in
his ball pit that's what he did decide
to do but right now we're about to shoot
something that blew my mind
me and Lauren found it yesterday and
were like oh whoa
and it wasn't even like a YouTube video
it was just this older guy like he lives
on a farm and he is like check this out
and then he did it and then we're like
what that works that's a real thing just
promise me you're not pranking us you're
not dragging you along right okay yeah
you guys will find out soon thank you
guys for coming in the water's fine
alright we just I never had that kind of
chemistry in a video before it was like
chemistry it's like vanadium it's like
we note I'm not going to do what I'm
dating I'm dating a Canadian Esther
we're like oh we're base I'm basically
Canadian we're dating okay yeah yeah
before I met you guys I was like I don't
know these guys I have to look them up I
have to ask the investigate make sure
you're not like serial killers or like
crazy people and what you found was like
you know what something that always
surprises me when I meet a youtuber is
their height and a lot of fans see me
and they're like whoa you're not talking
I thought but everyone says so I was
like we looked you guys up and you're
said six three sitting really yeah
you're 16 you're says 411 five six five
seven there's no way only but I thought
I really mean I ate say we're gonna have
we'll get up get up right now I have any
thoughts cuz I've tweeted that and
though you too
oh come on Musti let's make some more
where you go soon Sara but my belly Hey
Club complete now on to the next one
today we're at the Dudesons house and we
are about to my yoga it's very similar
to like the same outfits I wear all time
yeah I've actually borrowed it from your
closet oh thank you and we were about to
do the yoga with Pia yoga with Pia with
a little twist
mm-hmm we're gonna it's like you know
Slimer from ghostbusters yeah yeah so
we're gonna have we're gonna put slime
all over it all over the mats yeah ha ha
ha oh look at that oh oh I've never
touched slime before in my life you
haven't no I know I'm so behind on the
trend I haven't I haven't done anything
huh ok let's get started and I'll show
you guys the aftermath oh man look at it
oh whoa
that's crazy you might have made too
quick look at that never too much that's
not enough Hey
oh my gosh do the honors
yeah
I'm excited
we might get hurt I have a charity
basketball game tomorrow oh you do yeah
are you gonna play the slime yeah I
guess if it doesn't come off
you ready yoga instructor can you give
us a little a little a little sneak peek
of what you're gonna make us do yeah
qualifies you to be a yoga instructor
very zen okay simplest move you're gonna
show us well we're gonna start just
meditating so Oh
that's already sounds hard okay okay oh
oh we're saying okay and this is the
aftermath of what happens when you clap
with the Dudesons if you want to see how
this got here go check out the video
what - come on come on Saturday Saturday
we have the awesome yoga instructor that
showed us the way to enlightenment she
puked all this green slime on us ha ha
ha ok time to get clean cuz I gotta go
to the mall Oh for about a week my life
has felt incomplete it felt like
something was missing and I couldn't put
my finger on it until it returned and it
is guppy guppy trying to make an awesome
inches for you you're back I've missed
you so much
and Erin says you know a trick now you
know a trick now you learned your first
trick oh oh oh okay oh he's sad you said
cleared up buddy sit yeah go yeah you
sat down hey hey hey
no he won't do it I mean you need I hear
you you hold this other hand come here
come here
just get him standing in your hands but
he has to have like a secure wait wait
wait wait
stay pick up sit sit
you're kind of sitting three go he's
sitting huh you can sit down now in
people's hands you can sit down in my
hand he knows a trick Oh Pete about my
face
yeah Gabby yeah he did
welcome to the end of vlog talk as most
you know I did not pick an iphone winner
yesterday almost happy Wednesday so I'm
gonna pick two today today's winners are
at hey slim congratulations you win and
at lovely yanny you get an iPhone 7 from
me congratulations guys hope you enjoyed
the new phones two more being given away
tomorrow and the next day and I have one
more thing I got to tell you if you live
in California specifically near Van Nuys
I will be playing at a charity
basketball game at Van Nuys high school
at 7 p.m. today today I will be playing
I'll vlog a little bit I'll see what I
can do and I hope I see you guys there
tomorrow's vlog will probably be a bunch
of basketball and a bunch of guffy
because I haven't seen him in like a
week so see you guys tomorrow until then
do me a favor don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye
Oh
