what is wedding to do today was a super
rainy day which is super rare in
California so instead of shooting the
vlog I thought I would shoot something
to brighten your day if it's raining
where you is and that is the brother try
not to laugh challenge here today help
me meet my brother yes would you do it
princess gorgeous today Andrew you did
yep and I spit in both their faces okay
well we're gonna do the same thing we
both have a bottle of water
oh you're going bail each other's mouths
laughs wait that's on the we're gonna
fill our own mouths up and then we're
gonna turn up the lock and we're gonna
take turns instead of somebody that's
where I saw them do it together we're
gonna take turns
do not spit your gross mouth water on my
new hoodie okay this is brand new wasabi
what he's not even out yet so control
yourself don't laugh don't wanna win
because going on purpose I know that is
okay here we go what were wins is the is
the best number one bestest ever I
didn't even start yet don't spit on me
do not spit on me we didn't start stop
all right now you are gonna be
disqualified either delete your YouTube
channel and ready
No
no that wasn't my spit I don't even know
you don't know that you look like you
won that's all I can say thanks for
coming by
I'm getting another vlog up tomorrow no
matter what cuz I got you
I've gotten kind of out of routine but
I'm getting back in it for sure for sure
tomorrow don't forget next Saturday 3
p.m. when their video goes up in stores
I will release all these hoodies but
there's only a certain amount of each
one and every time this happens you guys
are always surprised I tell you you get
surprised they can be gone real quick by
the end of this weekend although these
will be common so get yours as soon as
it's available
don't wait don't procrastinate you don't
got school on Saturdays just hop on it I
believe in you and I also got a little
surprise as soon as this vlog with up I
posted this picture on Instagram if you
go to my Instagram follow me like that
picture and comment down below anything
you want you will win all four hoodies
all four colors in your sizeable Cody's
I will randomly be picking somebody in
the comments of that picture so make
sure to comment often frequently and
efficiently see you guys tomorrow thanks
to my brother later you go to his
YouTube go subscribe basically me but
taller right and I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always do me a favor and
don't forget to my mouth if you're not
smiling be doing it wrong okay bye
