that year I love it dance what it is
would it be wanted to do ah rivers like
get to be in the intro in the end of bug
talk what how do you know even be in the
end of all talk except for it when
you're rude and I'm not there to make
sure that he's there today is the
beginning of the one year Lorex
anniversary weekend getaway this weekend
we have a lot of stuff planned but the
majority of our time will be spent at
our new house let me give you a tour
welcome to the lorax beach house this is
our backyard this is our hammock where
we like to lay down and relax
you have the fireplace which will be lit
tonight we have lots of seats so if
you're in the area come come stop on by
guys you can come hang out with us this
is our yard and I don't know if you can
see over these bushes but there's the
ocean oh there's a geek oh this is Henry
the local gecko hey Henry Henry Henry
Henry Henry Henry wait say hi wait oh
this is our hot tub right here how do
you like our new home for the weekend
that year I love it dance do you think
this house is ready for a chicken nugget
what'll Oh later okay
like right now chicken and this is the
inside dwellings of our what is that
still I love it you love the inside too
last time you and Lauren got a getaway
house she might have slightly beat me
like five times 14
what okay well I'm gonna redeem myself
this time
have you seen Pinocchio missing Dumbo
return it you far Aladdin
Peter Pan yeah good son yeah I'm nursing
heidi no sorry you can ad in but you say
no it's sorry and this is my bed when
did he get here how did he get here did
you bring him
can you fried can he fly no he see he
likes it it's a little game we play
I'll show you good luck it's his
favorite well uh where's your room at
what it was mine and oh my gosh
this is definitely the most beautiful
house we've loose stayed at what's this
it's not a present for bear bear it's a
present for me this is our one-year
anniversary present for me I can open
right now
when tomorrow I can't open this present
till tomorrow kind of shake it yeah okay
I feel like it's a present but then
there's also candy involved there's
candy in there a little bit is it did
you make it you guys comment down below
and tell me what you think it is here
that's what it sounds like it sounds
like it's in wrapping paper it's
something in wrapping paper so maybe
it's something fragile because it's it's
surrounded by wrapping paper that is
also a possibility your potato Japan
right
keep your potato chip hand right whoa
it's a deepest that's a deepest hot tub
in the whole wide world it goes deeper
what you know this tub is breakfast is
here
ooh we got yogurt sort of juice I think
oh it's an egg look at the duck holding
an egg I know it's done old looks like
us looks like a u.s. chapstick here you
go I mean you gotta get the bottom
welcome to the end
Chuck where's my Badillo nobody
first day of the lorax one-year
anniversary weekend getaway was a
relaxing day a settling in day the next
vlog is where the adventures begin and
my present shall be opened can I open it
at the beginning of the next one the
very beginning so as soon as I'm doing
this I get open it yes as you know it's
Sunday so you get a iPhone 7 giveaway
right now I'm going through the comments
section of last Sunday's vlog and
looking for the winner they go scroll
Scroll scroll Scroll scroll had to
switch arms because my camera arm is
getting tired cross cross cross cross
scroll boom and the winner is it's a
grand name I a m dot or period CACCI
I am period CACCI congratulations you
have won and I will be messaging you
soon on Instagram yay after giving away
that gold iPhone 7
I am currently left with seven more that
means I'm gonna do a giveaway every
single day for the rest of this week so
come back every single day to enter for
another chance to win all you have to do
is come back everyday comment your
Instagram or Twitter name make sure
you're subscribed and like the vlog of
that day tomorrow I will be coming back
to this vlogs comment section to pick a
winner and then the next day come back
to the day before the next day come back
to the day before until I am out of I
phone sevens so good luck to all you
wasabi ends and see you tomorrow on the
next vlog until then do me a favor don't
forget to remember I have karma if
you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong bye
