what does this mean what it is would it
be what a dude of day is the day that I
get born our one-year anniversary
present our anniversary is until 6:00
but we're going out of town for our
anniversary so today works out perfectly
to give her her present before we leave
so let's go get it come on Aaron what do
you think Lauren's present he took a big
deuce that's that's good good do so oh
here comes more right on the floor
yay yep right there
good times get it go ahead this is a
it's a learning process
hey buddy hi here oh hi
you're gonna make my girlfriend so happy
I brought them over an hour early so you
can get used to the apartment before
Lauren gets here because when Laurie
gets here she's got a 100% cry and she
might pass out definitely crying my pass
out there here you go getting me guppy
later after you meet Lauren you can meet
guppy whoa oh oh he's getting crazy he's
getting crazy I think you smell my
chinchilla and guppy and welcome to the
family my friend ha ha here oh stop hey
hey stop stop
sit sit good Wow I guess you can sit I
didn't know he could do a good job sit
sit sit sit go all the way down oh good
that's a good one too bye ok I'll go
this way kind of gotta say bye ok bye
Hiro you stay over here
female friends everyday here oh no no
that's not good
okay sit stay stay stay
ha he loves me he really loves me
you're gonna do a lot of work aren't you
lords here are you ready for your
present
don't be nervous oh you come let's go
come on we gotta go
here you got to take your claritin pill
because I told you there's a lot of
animals where we're going
Hardy took mine hey why are you being
suspicious oh my gosh hurry hurry
we gotta go come come
yeah let's go let's roll out excited are
you nervous rain tears what do you think
it is what do you think it is I can't
get with penguins or something penguins
I wish that it cool yeah do you have a
puppy I don't know what I'm overdoing
yeah no bring the puppy um no I don't
I'll be fine oh good yeah let's bring a
puppy Hey okay what does this mean I got
your puppy and they did it for a day I
got you a puppy Friday because I know
that you you're too busy for a puppy
forever this is our puppy hero
I it's H R hir oh this is your gift a
puppy for a day man he's ha ha hey whose
dog is this it's ours for a day
I said the Lord's dog for one day comb
was going inside we don't really have to
go anywhere what that's so fast it took
me like three months to hear that hero
it is actually a friend's his name is
Mon him in his frenzy odd helped me make
this happen
he said that we can have him for a day
here he lives in the building building
yeah so yeah I did yeah now we can't
like walk him whenever we want we can go
walk them so you get this happen for a
day but we can also go play with him
whenever you want how do you like your
present
haha I don't know he's a puppy though
they just got him a copy
not yet we're gonna wait for you for
that kind of nervous yeah we're nervous
he's a puppy
adult dogs know that baby dogs are
babies but he's a puppy so he's gonna
recognize another baby
he might not realize yeah the size
difference and he's hyper this guy's
crazy
un we have somebody we'd like to
introduce you to okay we're gonna
introduce you to somebody really quick
here we go hero meat go goop guppy hook
here look look
who's this here oh here oh look hi
cannot smell him look miss Nia fees
who's that
Europe here is confused
cubby who's that who is that
how do you put him down we'll just watch
him yeah
oh no okay nevermind alright bye guppy
that's it that's all you get here oh
haha Guppies our friends these are
friends not food your Guppies their
friends not food don't bark
you guys best friends now are you soul
mates
I think the Rusty's besties for the
Rusty's hey hey Lauren why is the cute
Lauren cash you something
hey Cassie you a question to ask you
something okay visit a dog mom is look
you with me well then why use the kid
huh misters yeah whoa you're difficult
toes this one too I like a different
hero have you met hero dude I have this
is the thing that yeah he's in the gym
yeah
working out yeah he works out look at
this look at his biceps here oh I didn't
say he said he's three months old yeah
you know this dog it's a baby's here oh
he's three one saw that this is how old
are guppy is and he's the size of this
dog's head that's right Oh copy them
yeah our little pug you got a Shiba you
got your Froyo
you got your boyfriend it's the best day
ever
you like it come here yeah yeah come on
show them your trick Mitchell original
paint ready and go yeah that's right
that's how you do it hey you put it down
Oh
arms out more than I used to watch
Avatar The Last Airbender in one of the
episodes the brother Sokka he was like
so now we do he'll go back was that
boards yeah Oh chicken Bigelow is taking
a lot today negawatt it's been spotted
it's happening here oh thank you for
helping me make this the best day ever
and the best one-year anniversary
present ever
if it you have a puppy Shiba sleeping on
you this is what every decision you've
ever made has led your life - did we
wake him up
should we tell you though sure you make
him sleep on the other side of the couch
why did you say your good-byes we're
keeping him we got to move or they'll
find us
it's okay where'd you drop everything
and just run away okay let's go come on
I'll start the car come on you can't get
up though how can we run away if he's
sleeping
then how're we gonna run away guppy say
goodbye to your new brother you have
fill each other out
hey hero hey guppy hiccup you hop in my
life I can't take it it's hero and guppy
guppy and hero they should have a TV
show guppy in hero you can write on here
pet detectives come here like Bob and
friend oh you did make a new friend but
we got go you guys go bye bye oh don't
cry all he knows used to leave his make
of the cry cry I think I'm a guppy was
glad to have a day off of vlogs yeah
he's that yeah it fine let hero take the
spotlight for a little bit there is no
way that you guys are the same age I
think he's a little older than guppy you
wanna handle starters at you hey Alex
I bought it at two dogs in the roomie
you just assume it's me I'm pretty sure
I know yeah it does smell like Alex
right come on hero come on come on down
are you gonna welcome yeah a walker oh
you're home hey Quinn guys Quinn this is
holly our together
hey hey this is one season these are the
guys that made your dreams come true oh
my gosh I love your dogs away you know
we're here alright thanks guys they say
why crying but they said we can come
back and welcome anytime I want
it's okay well I'll get you one for real
do you want one for real why why well
did you enjoy your present you enjoyed
being a Shiba mommy for a day oh I can't
wait to see we got me I hope it it's
edible and candy related last thing I
want to do before I do the end of vlog
talk is attempt to do that thing I did
yesterday mark you want to do it do what
here we go you know I'm going to jump to
the right you catch me one final attempt
and I'm not doing this again until I
find somebody that's exactly 170 but
maybe we can do it Oh
good oh that's good all right we'll just
practice every day for a couple of three
hours a day it will be the best will be
the best welcome to the end of log talk
the one-year anniversary gift was a
success so glad she liked the present it
was a lot of fun now we know what it's
like to take care of a big puppy because
we already know it's like to take care
of a little puppy and up that now we
just gotta find out what she got me
she's gonna give it to me on our real
anniversary on November 6 super excited
I don't know what it is but she says she
thinks I'm gonna love it
last thing I'm gonna say before I go is
that side jumping is it it were I'm
getting better at it but I feel like
there's one person that would match me I
need somebody that's lighter than me but
also stronger than me so I can hold a
lighter person but they're strong enough
to hold me who would be a heavier person
and I think I have an idea of who that
person is my perfect side jumping match
would be Roman Atwood I next time I see
you Roman weird side jump it hard now
Roman if you're watching this I know
you're super busy because you just
announced that you're having another
baby and that is awesome and that's
gonna take up a lot of your time but I'm
hoping that in your spare time you start
training for this side jump because when
we see each other next it's on now I got
to go because me and Lauren are about to
go on a super awesome anniversary
adventure trip together and I'll see you
guys on the next vlog tomorrow until
then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
