are you ready yeah ready yeah ready yes
right don't tell me I'll tell you do
what it is would it be what it do Dow he
loves you hey hey give him love Kaku
Pico no no he wants he likes her eyeball
okay here you guys go to sleep he's
basically half asleep already look beat
is not natural have naptime not them
something dirty on your neck getting on
his neck Karen
taking like dirt I got a sitter you're
gonna be your first bath ever why he
needs one okay you're getting a bath
tonight Bobby we don't want to be a part
of it okay
hahaha just kidding more axes is in
we're in who's gonna be goopy goopy
goopy his name is guppy but we like to
call him goopy goopy hey goopy Wow
no goobers ow man he's getting strong
means wet it'll wipe your weenie grows
we gotta get you tired so we can go get
ice cream cake come here
oh oh she's calling you she's calling
you
oh my gosh you're so fast you're the
fastest dog in the whole wide world
oh don't run into the camera you silly
are you eating cheese poop again don't
eat cheese poop you gross stop eating it
spit it out it's not protein chi Chi you
on some ice cream cake and so I took it
okay
maybe next time I know it's not your
birthday but I love you so I will give
you ice cream cake just kidding you will
die
ooh mint chocolate chip vanilla
chocolate frosting
I believe that's mocha with one cookie
just for Lorex
you want something the reason we got
this ice cream cake is this Erin got
this ice cream cake for Sarah's birthday
tonight but it's made of almonds banana
dulce de leche but it has a bunch of
almonds in it and this one is allergic
so we had to go get another one
hmm mmm yum yum yum Yusef Erekat I need
your old iPhone 7 code so I can give it
away I can't mail it out without getting
your code so I can erase the phone for
you I like a personal problem
yeah ha ha come on give me the phone I'm
not gonna give you my pass just say it
out loud why do you give my password to
my Apple ID the wasabi ins are very
trustworthy I'm a big basketball fan I
play basketball I watched basketball I
watched college basketball I
professional basketball but right now
phousi got me watching baseball
I know baseball's like the number ones
watch sport in America I think actually
it's a number one it's America's pastime
I just never got into it but if you ever
trying to talk about basketball my gosh
baseball
you might have to explain a few things
to me spoiler alert if you haven't seen
the world series for some reason you're
a coordinator or something and you
haven't seen it do not listen to this
next part go ahead I'll give you time
close your ears earmuffs the Cubs have
won the World Series I am very happy for
them especially for the Cubs because
they had not won the World Series in 108
years that's crazy it's 2016 they
haven't won since 1908 and they did it
today
so good job guys good job
some baseball food fans are very
offended right now
I was MVP my t-ball team oh what what
face did you make when you won I found
out something about guppy I'll show you
guffy is a little that when he leans his
head over the bowl his back feet
sometimes come off the ground I he he
goes at first into the lawn right but
he's getting better at it he's getting
better at it you're doing a good job
don't go ahead first come on hit more
water you go get more water first you
need all the energy you can get buddy
alright guppy go to Lauren I'm gonna go
get it come on go to Lauren
let's see how brave guppy really is
cubby cubby
ah that's good ah ah ah oh yeah scared
yeah get him get him get him up beat him
up guppy look this is the bravest
thumpy ever game dance he passed stage 1
get up get up get up get on yeah get him
copy pic channel
round 3 no no no no no no dog
bah-bah-bah her her oh okay oh thank you
tough ticket tough cookies not scared of
anything
hey be nice to big cheap hey be nice to
big cheap all right fine you passed this
level - but you won't withstand the next
boss wait wait wait Wow go pick it up
get him ha what does Ken and Barbies
ship name car B Carvey okay time for the
last and final boss don't happy bear
bear it's not very good it's look it's
pepper
hey he's supposed to meet him never met
him
it's the final boss of the level you
don't want him to win the game why are
you sneezing go get bear bear hey don't
go in there
don't go in there cubby get out yeah
yeah get it out lucky guy
gosh of its Lauren is gonna fight buzzin
oh I know you're young and you have you
don't know a lot of things yet but one
thing you should know is not to go in
other people's pants that's not
appropriate he was in my pants I don't
know if I would kiss on he with his
entire here's all the way up in there I
think Guffey come on go away okay come
on upbeat guppy come here you all three
of you pugs come over here they want
they're walking just like you ha ha ha
that is how goview augs cubby don't eat
GG's poop stabbed that's gross like
don't do that don't eat poop no don't
eat poop and don't go in people's pants
those are the only two rules I turn I
teach you you can't listen either of
them brother
yeah I have something that I would like
to do with you now that you're not fat
as you eat ice cream cake if you watch
my brother's vlogs you know that he
recently lost 50 pounds off his body so
we couldn't do something that I've
wanted to do for a long time so this is
what we're gonna do now that I can
actually carry you and you can carry me
we're gonna attempt to do something that
I saw a long time ago and then I
recently saw some these like 14 year old
girls do it on Instagram and I was like
oh my gosh I completely forgot about
that let's do it now wait where's she's
on
I'm so cheese I could die good be the
responsible brother Julian is yes we're
ten G's on why are you stretching okay
you just hope you got like you go like
that and then you hold me I love you no
way way down get up
hey I was on him did I Gary ready to
pull me up no okay
now you jump to your right and customer
pick are you stupid
no you couldn't carry me okay levitator
basically hoesley I jump in the air deep
touch the ground on the wall
alright I don't want to go to gym today
what's happening what Bobby on your butt
what that's that's interesting you go I
know
okay now jump to your right we took a
little break and now we think we
mastered it so we're gonna try again
round two are you ready yeah
yes every day I think we're doing so so
hey to you do one more we're supposed to
do who we just wear ourselves heels 183
I'm 170 so here are 10 pounds heavier
than me yeah I think if I find somebody
that's actually 170 and same build as me
we can go for a long time or if you find
somebody like 180 three point seven then
you gave it about sixty to sixty one day
I will find a perfect match and I think
I know of one but uh he's not home yet
so I'm gonna ask when when he gets back
next time I see him
you're a baby hey here's a binky boys go
to back in your mouth sir don't play
with your food
when is Guddi gonna start vlogging he's
not vlogging but you can follow on
Instagram at the bug oh haha
Duffy I have to go to sleep downstairs
you you can't come with me
you stay here he won't even tear down
copy yeah I know but you're I think I
think I think I'm giving them I think
I'm giving them too much guppy
yeah should stop trying guppy so much
here show me more what you more yeah
okay this right now right now that's on
you now you're right
yes for it baby no but unless baby Dino
no but alas baby Dino
no but the last baby Dino no but I love
baby Dino no but it's love
baby Dino just but nobody love baby Dino
nobody love baby Dino
today was on that dope dope did so much
had so much fun I can't wait for
tomorrow for when you guys see Lauren's
one-year anniversary gift our
anniversary is on November 6
that'll be officially one year of Lorex
but we're going out of town from the 5th
to the 8th so I decided to give her her
present a little early so come back on
the next vlog so you can find out what
it is because she's gonna either pass
out or cry and I'll give you a little
glimpse
welcome to the family buddy we're quick
to the family
oh you like this toy you like this toy
you like this type can we check is
Lauren's reaction on the next vlog on
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it real oh my gosh okay bye
