oh there you go there you go what it is
would it be what it took tow every day I
try to do something interesting
something cool something I've always
wanted to do and I would vlog it so that
you don't have an exciting blog but
today I think I'm just gonna have a
normal blogging day nothing crazy just a
normal day in the life of Alex come on
come Lauren and beachy and Vicky have
ever didn't everybody loves and baby
Dino who nobody loves but nobody loves
baby Dino
nobody loves baby Dino forever where are
we going right now to the numbers
trading packets and Eugene shorts I got
a big butt rip in one of them it's mine
you guys are replacements gross butts
are gross
that's where forts and poop come out of
Haiti of your bin under our own yeah you
do yeah good day good day the Melrose
trading post is if you don't know a
place where you buy a bunch of stuff
it's like handcrafted things yeah and
vintage things there's like old shirts
from like the 90s there's there's
there's nice colored rugs there's
furniture
how long will you be here like 73 hours
32:27 oh I like shopping but but only
for like 30 minutes at a time first meal
of the day
chicken wings celery and sweet potato
chips the breakfast of champions the
healthiest meal on the point what is
that what is that my ball camera a
vlogging now once a week yeah on your
main channel youtube.com slash laurdiy
every Wednesday so soppy Wednesday's
you're telling me they could see I was
hopping Wednesday for me and a week-long
vlog from you yeah Wow lordy Lordy i
vlog first and then you want I was
having better day no no no this is how
it goes first you watch the livestream
that I do on youtube.com slash talks
wasabi on my second channel every single
Wednesday and then you watch it was
Lobby Wednesday and then you watch the
laurdiy vlog know where you start with
the best and watch the Lord go i vlog
Wow Wow
Kyle what what whoa what I was not
expecting that
oh my god not even a little bit no I
know it's so great I can't leave they're
still in I gotta take this she said they
last from week one probably I take them
out tonight really yeah impressive good
surprised first time seeing my hair
first and I've seen the ball pit whoa I
know it's serious this is like this is
heavy dude yeah I know he went hard on
it oh yeah does very much I said the
deal I'm
I do not died I think I died chichi I
don't think he likes being active very
much well don't you a ball so you can
run around and we don't have to chase
you on her couches and stuff you just
gotta learn how to use it
Guppies like if I was in the ball I
could I could make it roll and we should
hook up in the wall you get five more
minutes and I Guppies turn you're
learning
think about to get your driver's license
get in there Oh funny if you just
immediately flounder oh yes to learn is
Larry's doing oh there you go there you
go okay okay okay we'll take you out
here you go yeah yeah you did it though
you dizzy least room here's what did you
think was your good for you right
do you poop you're ready to be yogurt
OOP yogurt brings me pee yogurt yeah
four days is your is your anniversary
present November fourth you get your
president November 6 is our anniversary
there are you gonna save mine for the
actual anniversary okay
almost a year together are you bored of
me yet you tired of waking up to this
fate ugly face every single morning put
over my parts my my fish breath in the
morning hey chicken nugget I'm gonna
take excellence you're gonna die
thanks lads it's good for you right how
many of you take two five five and it
makes you poop yeah they're small dosage
how I married five then the way I still
take five how would I be wasting them on
you
where'd it go see I really don't want to
I'm going to chill she thinks I'm gonna
poop the bed I'm not gonna poop the bed
I'm taking five hey listen advice
Lucy you wanna show me the bags ha ha ha
ha you can make me poop my pants tonight
what the bikes good bags
I'm taking my okay let me see I don't
believe you you're taking fun I can't
take five
you take limit see the bugs might not
have my hair hey hey if you don't take
five you can't take any of them throw
I'm spitting my bag Oh gotta take five
you don't take it oh my gosh I don't
want to poop my brains my my crew we
take one two three four five it's a
one-time thing right I'm not gonna poop
all day oh oh let me see the book ha ha
I gotta see the box first
so alex is not to take X lakhs how many
pills did I give you five Hey too many
like not way too many you saw me just
take it what I steer you wrong when I
steer yours I just took it so if I'm
pooping we're pooping together with the
promise you took five yep here shake
your son the ground
okay it sounds like fine yeah Oh Alex
hey that's it
did you really just take my yes why just
take two pills once all right it says
tickle today you leave I'm no no it says
two pills twice a day ah I think oh I
knew it
I get it dang such a break I'm so early
I knew it I knew it I tried the new
hairstyle it's been like 36 hours and I
just can't deal with any more it's
pulling on my head so much maybe when I
have longer hair it'll be easier but for
right now I gotta get it off I feel like
my brain is being being is just so much
pressure on my scalp and uh it's so
itchy it's so hg IKEA scratches oh this
big yeah Pat yeah that doesn't work it's
not real that's not a thing it just
hurts I just got it and scratch it I
can't so I need you take it out please
thank you
oh really
that little hair right it's a lot of
hair is like five inches ow
ha ha ha
don't let us see it until it's done what
a crazy person right now oh my god it
was so yucky she's causing me pain gotta
save me save me guppy I feel look good
we're not only great characters on
cartoons I feel like
I've never looked as handsome as I did
when I had them in so now I look even
more handsome as IRA telling me no I
look fantastic I bet whoa it's like it's
crimped
yeah it's cramped it's like twisted you
just see the back whoa
I've never seen like that weird oh I
look crazy it feels crazy should I
shower yeah definitely
oh my gosh you scratch my head now oh ah
yes but in January when my hair gets
long I'm doing all the way down back my
head and sir you we agreed we agreed for
a whole day he said he'll see okay I'll
take it
Lauren all right
come come huh
you come come I can't come come come
bowls over there
welcome to the end of vlog talk thanks
for coming back today thanks for coming
back
every day I can't tell you guys how much
your support means to me everything you
guys do for me it blows my mind you
support me you come back every day you
like the vlogs you enter the giveaways
you comment your thoughts your opinions
you tweet me everything you do it's I
can't explain how how grateful I am to
have you in my life now I'm sure you're
all wondering what happened with the X
lakhs
X lakhs relaxes your like intestines so
it makes you go number two really really
hard this morning I woke up and I could
feel I was like oh maybe I do have to
use a bathroom I usually don't I'm not a
morning poop kind of guy but today I was
like oh I kind of have to and then when
I stood up and got vertical and then
gravity that's when I was like oh I
gotta go I'm telling you I was in the
bathroom how hold it onto the seat it
was like I was in a rocketship and it's
about to take off it was like I was like
and then I felt like another person I
feel so light I feel like I lost 10
pounds it was good and that ends the
story of Alex's first time taking X Lacs
see you guys tomorrow and don't forget
to enter yesterday's giveaway it's a
week-long giveaway there's an iPhone all
you do is subscribe like and leave your
Instagram or Twitter name either one
works and you might win the iPhone 7
giveaway also make sure to come back
tomorrow because I know today is
Halloween happy Halloween by the way but
tomorrow's vlog will be my Halloween
vlog and you will finally get to see
what Lauren and I have decided to be for
our costumes our matching costumes
see you guys tomorrow on the next vlog
and until then do me a favor and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
Oh
