wah-ha-ha-ha why would you do that oh hi
oh no no yes no annexing your brain
showing oh what it is what it be would
it dude oh I am getting pretty bored of
this hair that means there's only one
thing to do
time to upgrade hunted hit I gotta go
have a hair appointment
hey I gotta go you're being
inconsiderate out I got it oh oh oh I'm
gonna tell I'm gonna tell okay I'll be a
telltale ow
hey oh oh oh oh go for you in here
secret ow
I can't be put in 30 seconds of you
chewing on my thumb with your little
tiny paw your little tiny face every
vlog okay okay I'm really gonna be late
now I gotta go are you excited
for what for my new hairstyle don't tell
them what it is I want to surprise them
okay but you know what it is are you
excited for it yeah you think it's super
cute
can I rock it for the rest of the year
uh we'll see
it's something I've never done before
but I'm excited to do it we don't see
what looks like we're gonna find out
together what's happening I'm getting my
hair done can y'all hair did yes first
one ever
you look good yeah this is like a dream
of mine I've always wanted to sit under
one of these things but I never had a
reason to and every time I asked at a
barber shop they would say no I bet hey
I just turn it on a senator they said no
so these are very exciting times whoa
whoa what village that's crazy
whoa whoa Oh it goes all the way back
there oh my gosh that is I can't believe
it feels doesn't even feel real it's so
crazy do you like it yeah it's good
uh-huh I can't believe how much like I
can't hide how much hair got in there
too cheesy magician how'd you do this oh
my gosh when he gets long enough I'm
gonna have it go down the back and then
I went it Lauren agreed that she's gonna
get her hair done when I get my hair
done would you probably be in January Oh
how long will you stay like failures
hopefully a whole week I haven't
introduced big G yet whoo no in the live
stream on the second time I did one on
this channel we have gay Chi regular Chi
and then baby Chi right here then you
got a guppy
hey guppy here you want some salad here
you go
I don't
there we go get it get a guppy give me
hey don't eat big G big G yeah you can't
nobody likes big G oh I put the dr. big
GE Lauren has informed me that there's a
problem but we have a solution before I
show you that solution I will show Erin
this whoa why would you do that
oh hi oh no no is your brain showing oh
no brain what is food not afraid my bro
my gosh yes it looks great
oh hey look I never looked so handsome
in my life no this is amazing look at
the bat look at dad
no I look fantastic why would you do
that who told you to do that
me you just said I want to do this right
here yes guppy do you like my hair no he
hates it you like it up there right shit
what's you does he like it does he look
happy
no he looks a real man Oh have you seen
him go up the stairs hit no yes yeah he
doesn't do that he does he can't go up
the stairs yes he can I can't show it
yeah I bet he can't even get up three
come on no come on give him a little
pump nope touches but a little bit okay
okay what you can do is when I said come
on he can't do even one by himself you
can't get up or down not because cuz
you're down there he doesn't
Oh
go - come on move III come on Oh up come
on up up Coco one oh yes come on you can
do it
I have puppy pee Oh nobody please Nia
but I do
hey this was a present from Lauren
flatulence filtering underwear if you
don't know what flatulence means it
means farts it means but verbs it means
Tinky Tinky x' it means boots it means
toots and it means booty wind this
actually helps filter it out with a
high-tech fabric so I'm going to put it
on and we're going to test it out this
is the front this is the back and it's
definitely slightly padded I don't know
what's in there but it's definitely
thicker right there all the way around
to the front so we'll get Lauren's
opinion next time I have to make the
booty wind they're on you're able to get
throught the party pants are on
flatulence filtering ones I don't know I
think it just feels like air they're
still wait let's test it out there's no
way you're farting just smell like air
just about get close house wasn't test
it out your burger so strong they don't
know fine Oh smells like dryer sheets it
does what that smells good you guys
realize you're smaller what well you're
gonna like time supply of these I have a
thin mentor here you're gonna wear them
every day these are different these
aren't actually underwear these are you
just stick to your own underwear on the
inside and they
I have a minty smell wow I'm just like
like dryer sheets nice would help with
such a thing people who love people like
this they're all friends of boyfriend's
that have the tiki ax stuff Tinky farts
Wow like game-changer I have realized
with my brain that I haven't even showed
you guys the bulb in all my friends have
already logged it and I have not what am
I doing with my life I told you in the
livestream that I had somebody building
a wall for me and this is the wall right
here this is a solid wall it's like a
whole way we'll leave that and this is
my mind it's a bit chicken nugget Oh
Popeye chicken nugget where'd you go
chicken nugget come back out whoa
cannonball okay
oh you're like a fat fish
this ball pit has thousands of thousands
of thousands of balls in it but I
thought we needed more so I ordered
20,000 more and they should get here on
Halloween
good whoa that is insane
and then in playtime without asabi come
on now night come on you tomorrow see in
the morning the back I'm gonna sleep
we're gonna have to get the eiffel's
away okay
please dad tomorrow okay to do it today
okay they're gonna be sad okay but
they'll probably ever see ya okay all
right good night okay we should just do
now okay before Gracie
yeah sort of tired okay I don't have to
get up early okay
what are you pretty tired okay come on
oh let's do it now okay playtime is
complete and now it's time to pick some
iPhone owners good night Richard ever
but the last baby did not everybody
loves the baby thing everybody right hey
I got Paju
everybody likes oblivion in everybody
lines and baby
welcome to the end of vlog talk
if you remember in last Sunday's vlog
the rules were that you have to guess
the four animal emojis that I chose and
the four animal mogees that phousi chose
we wrote the emojis down
these are Fuzzy's emojis these are my
emojis let's see who got it right that
took so much longer than I expected I
had to turn the camera off and search
for 30 minutes to find emojis in the
right order here are the two winners
congratulations to Shannon Ocampo and
the Canadian maple tree wait yes the
Canadian maple tree you guys have won
this week's giveaways and now it's time
for the next one for this week's
giveaway I am giving away a gold iPhone
7 unopened brand-new just for you all
you have to do this time we're going to
keep it super simple subscribe like this
vlog and comment either your Twitter or
Instagram name either one works and you
are entered to win see you guys in the
next vlog until then do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
