you're like a natural star here's star
buddy you're a star
I'm sorry I didn't know your forehead
skin because of that before back okay
well okay I'm done I'm sorry what it is
would it be would it do doe I am at
YouTube headquarters and I just gave a
speech in front of like a thousand
people you should have seen how mostly I
couldn't receive the people on the back
it was more like like 30 people but it's
still really cool inside of YouTube
headquarters they have something called
a video immersion room did I just click
something oh you guys do it you surprise
me
okay whoa Oh what this is like matrix F
whoa whoa whoa the yield again in 18
whoa okay this is cool I don't know
what's what happened huh I told or the
movement okay wait wait wait wait I
didn't know the walls are gonna move
okay what's happening okay
emergency stop button what am I going to
need this for something gonna happen oh
my hang gliding right now no rock
climbing droning I feel weird like I'm
putting up of the desert oh okay I'm
done emergency stop oh okay I quit I got
scared I got scared I hit the emergency
button oh you did I got nauseous
I got scared yeah yeah I was gonna be by
myself the wall started moving I didn't
know what those yeah they start moving
up yeah yeah I hear that's me
I can take it because I'm done so we're
good cuz I'm never coming back
oh oh oh nice yeah yeah I got a picture
of me that already on my journey there's
one thing that caught my eye walking
around beside this is either this is the
YouTube side and I'm about to go down it
right about now
like what
that was crazy that was fun but now you
guys got to see from my angle because
it's so dope it's so fast but we're in
office right now this is all the YouTube
people that working hard right now see
isn't that super working hard this
building is huge YouTube does not play
around except for with big slides in the
middle of the office here we go nice
guys I feel like I'm too old to be are
you excited about slides I'm so cool
look at your turn
nope hi what do you do here do you are
you a Youtube employee your nurse
mystery excuse me I have a I have a baby
pug at home you're a little bit bigger
than he is can you fit in a mug no
matter how successful you get never ever
turn down free stuff especially would be
with you to buy it
haha now all I need is a hoodie I've
always wanted a youtube hoodie if
anybody from YouTube is watching please
send me a youtube hoodie and then a
small one for my girlfriend and then a
large one for my brother and then and
that would be awesome thank you maybe
another larger for Fujio oh and then
also problem one want to give away
please thank you that's me they have
been playing so many videos of me all
day
cheechee was on here lures on here this
is from like six months ago look at that
look at ah why did I get that close
don't do that Wow okay memories I got to
watch some vlogs later and that ends the
first time I've ever gone to
YouTube headquarters in San Francisco
they said I can take as much time I diet
candy it's okay every once in a while
I get hit up mostly by this lady yes
yeah this is my direct google person her
father her father is google ethnic
father and her mother is youtube and
she's like hey you wanna uh go out of
town real quick for a day and then come
right back
so this is second time this week or the
last two weeks I'd do it again like
reach 22 I don't know somewhere you have
a hole in her pants
yeah there on the right a little yeah
right there yeah yeah watch her reaction
cuz she's in a crime you ready okay yeah
it's a everybody it's a vicious he's
vicious though watch out here taxi goes
for the neck
his name is guppy Mick ugly no it's
gonna be the buggy copy the Mick ugly
puggy oh my god I got my dog he's a
little you can bounce him on the ground
no he can bounce on though you can even
like you can like dribble it
you drew a lot of fast balls yeah he's
very aerodynamic
so if clown went over there and you do
it go go Mia go far Kyle go no but go
tom don't the mere cuppy Cuffy Guppies
years Guffey's year
guffy you need to learn some like you
needs to learn some self-control you
don't have to go every time somebody
screams every time you like kisses you
Oh
could be a hookup be okay Kyle go Guffey
- no no yeah the kiss oh you almost did
it you got it you caught your first
Pokemon and go you're gonna be so tired
tonight yeah you're gonna be so tired
everybody's gonna be like duh be what
you want he's gonna be like I'm tired
I have puppy in hand he sits like human
why you sit like human dog eating eating
some nom noms
I didn't go yesterday those are some
quick visitors I taught him a trick you
want to see his trick yeah look look
ready
look Eddie out pushing a dog's head down
wait wait let me show you look please
stay stay stay
watch this watch your speed ah that's
not a trick to me hey I try and show you
his back legs come up you're forcing it
all I'm training his neck cover a lot of
the babysitter's ever I'm training his
neck to be stronger how do you think I
have my little brother's neck to be
strong wait hug your guppy guppy the Pug
guppy the puggy now it's like it's like
Lucy and Yusuf except the G and the
Pierre mixed now I'm trying to talk
about the iPhone to give it away next
Sunday Q please disperse please go away
now sorry
bye-bye who's he already has his sign
all fancy-like
but let me sign my bigger prettier phone
what you number is yours uh
mine's the 701 6s plus it's good hey
okay okay
no I enjoyed my success plus much more
than my small 7 yeah here you go and now
they are both officially signed they
have nice cases we come on air Mike in
space what like is this case doesn't do
wait anything oh it's it's uh oh oh it
sits up like that too oh my gosh okay go
bye
get off me don't step on the phones I
wasn't there when you got dollar I was
throwing up muffin or I didn't know you
yet you already had dollar right yeah
you did you had dollar and then like you
also had like 50 pounds more yeah yeah
that's how it must have been - bad dog
and that's a nice way to try to slap a
joke in there finished tweaking some
stuff for the wasabi Wednesday that
comes out today that is already out
actually if you're watching this so make
sure you go check that out because
richard has returned and he lives my
ball pit now I have to film another
video don't choke starting over this
lady started and it's me versus you it's
gone it's on I've known her for like
over an entire year how long have you
known her it's on
oops
oh come on now as you know in
yesterday's video wasabi Wednesday
Richard now lives in this ball pit so I
have to do a little bit of renovation so
that it's not taking up the whole
hallway and that is why my friend Jamie
is here he is going to help me build a
wall like right here right here I don't
even know where Richard is he's in here
somewhere
since these bowls have to go over here
the wall has to be higher and all this
and he's taking all the dimensions and
he's helping us out cuz I don't know
anything about it so let's see what we
can do we're gonna take dimensions take
all everything we need all the
measurements and then he's gonna go to
his shop cut everything up bring it back
then come back and build it if you if
anybody grabs your foot or anything it's
just Richard I don't mind him he's fine
he just he's just hanging out hey buddy
why are you eating my thumbs
I just want to let you know you did a
really good job in the livestream okay
like you kept your calm uh when wind
with under pressure you kept your wits
about you and you just you just did a
good job okay you do good job who did
good job
you did a good job you did a good job
I'm very proud of you okay you're just
so good on the live stream I couldn't
believe it
you're like a natural star here's star
buddy
you're a star I'm sorry I didn't know
your forehead skins ago that before back
okay well okay I'm done I'm sorry here
out
I got a good meet up with Lauren but
I'll be back tonight to tuck you in okay
welcome to the end of vlog talk thanks
for joining me another epic day I had a
lot of fun and I hope you did too last
things I got to say before I'm out first
if you haven't seen the livestream that
I did today which is Wednesday which
when you're watching this will be
yesterday they should definitely go
check it out because it's it's a baby
pug puppy in a mug and that's not even
the best part
I play guppy the puppy in a cage with
chichi the chinchilla
and guppy got kind of rough last thing I
got for you guys I announced on the
livestream that I will be doing the live
giveaways on a livestream Friday this
Friday at some point I'm doing a
livestream giving away two iPhones live
meaning you have to be there to get it
you have to be subscribed and I'm going
to pick from the comments so I'll see
you then and I'll see you tomorrow and
the next day and all weekend and next
week you're probably like all of next
month and definitely next year until the
do me a favor don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong and the last and most important
thing I have a huge announcement right
now about to tell you to your face the
app donut dazzle that beatrix and me and
Lauren all created is I know I've talked
about it before but there's a bunch of
new things that are going on right now
first there's a Halloween theme there's
different types of Donuts there's spider
webs there is Frank's and there's
pumpkins super cool go check it out
number two it is finally out on Android
that was the most common question asked
when is it coming out on Android when we
first created it and it is out right now
so if you have Android you can go play
if you have an iPhone you can go play
everybody can play now see if you can
beat my score 68 and final thing you
could play against your friends now you
can have your own group of friends and
you can see the leaderboard who's
winning in your group super cool go have
fun tell a friend tell your mom tell you
dad and then tell your grandma because
this game is lit okay bye
