Oh Jade pool you net what it is would it
be what it do job
I told you guys that today was the day
that your boy gonna be breaking some
board some karate boards so I'm on my
way to my boys house to make it happen
right now and we might get a few other
people to punch slash cake / headbutt
through these boards as well let's get
it I made it to my destination and once
again I had to get the strongest guy I
know it's a punch through this board
first you top it now look at this here
pick one up you think you can break that
with a fist easily I really have never
broken it no no I can do it you gotta go
first
hey can't that's hard you want to punch
through all the karate board no way have
you done this award oh he's single very
well you got it oh my god are you the
Crotty kid ah
oh no way you gonna do it whoa oh here
we go
I'm nervous for you Oh B we need some
more guinea pigs first before I got
valuable hands I can't just be punching
stuff all over you guys oh okay I'll
bring some boards now but I don't think
that you can do two technically you
didn't follow through on that punch you
took it out he took it down
oh he's done that before
that was crazy all right who got next
let your excitedly hey I want to see a
headbutt okay ready go
ding Bevers you got a headache later it
will break for you oh oh yeah I would do
that don't break your wrist oh my gosh
moving out
Dre pues you net pop great all right man
I got some things I gotta go to hope you
enjoyed the wait wait wait no Amanda
it's like it's gonna deperate no it's
not yeah yeah don't worry I'll see if I
can make some time tomorrow
whoa why you following me let's go look
I think there's nothing there no man I'm
not gonna I provided you fun
entertainment that's dead geez it's not
even mine oh wait but like could you
bring this up to the trash at least not
mana
he brought the wood so he needs to clean
it up the way I'm really about to
complete on the way to Lauren's house I
pulled over real quick and I found this
dude who think he can go up against the
karate boards okay here you go okay are
you sure yeah
when I was young I was in Taekwondo to
get my elbow you had to break one of
these and I know what I can what can I
break it on is not as easy the sound to
take it to the head
wait 270 pounds you like 230 pounds
that's 100 pounds more than me
hey buddy
hi you know what I did today I punched a
bunch of wooden boards you know where
mom is not home and it's midnight on a
school night
I know wait till she gets home and we're
gonna give her a piece of our mind
12 seconds later excuse me where have
you been do you know what time it is and
with another boy and you guys are
matching pink I am so upset with you
though but a good job on the helical
sabe joggers and the bowls we can get it
lucky calm but Lauren you know I don't
even know if I want to give you a
present anymore it's not chopping wood
it's chopping wood yes you do
everybody did it I had like 20 people do
it today come on Jimmy we'll do it first
okay three oh my god Tommy would you go
go all the way through it I have baby
virgin knuckles that I've never touched
any kind of hard surface
Google just click it forward and oh god
I feel an injury coming yeah welcome to
the end of vlog talk hope you guys
enjoyed a day of breaking wood I know
moved it your move break this are you
doing break it cry to jump it go I
punched through a bunch of wooden boards
today that means that my hand bones are
a little bit stronger a little bit
denser and my body is well on its way to
blossoming like a bouncing baby
butterfly I'm a caterpillar right now
but just wait three more months good
yeah another vlog complete that means
one more day to the Philippines and I
got so many surprises to share with you
guys I'm gonna tell
right now but don't help anybody I have
these women with some whale sharks doh
oh well sharks that's right it seemed
finding dory you know what a whale shark
is they are huge they're like 20 feet
long and their mouths are like this big
this is a wheelchair South Armagh where
else are so stick we're up with that see
you tomorrow for another adventure until
then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong bye
