please look at me when I apologize you
please it meant nothing to me
guppy what it is would it be what it do
Joe hey miss how's your day going today
bro nice okay buddy bye bye we gotta go
good night we'll be back very shortly
but for now it's time to go to suit what
you carrying what is I am carrier yeah
you put music that no its clothes our
latest car
no I dad I'm not exactly sure where we
are but it is the Getty Center I've just
never been here and this guy is gonna
show us around he said it's really cool
and really awesome so let's see what
this train takes us rat
get around the bass you guys not even
ordered going there's probably nothing
cool around this corner
prick you it's big
Alice gets so awkward a photo shoots you
like I've never seen him more awkward
he's not an awkward guy but put him in a
photo shoot he's a loud guy
all right I am always super awkward in
photo shoots I am glad that is over I'm
ready to go home play some basketball
because photo shoot life is not a life
for Alice good thing or the next
occasion so I put chapstick on and then
I dropped it and now it's in this hole
and I don't know what lose down there
get it somebody has to get it I really
need it it's my favorite experiment
please okay don't push it deeper in the
hole yeah well no promises all right
well maybe the snakes need a day of
chapped lips oh my gosh you're getting
snake poop all of you majestic no way
why you made a goodbye bye oh my gosh
it's gone forever
you win this one snakes miss what's your
big stretch we demand a stretch look
just like that there you go he did it
with you hey bro I was getting a lot of
comments and in yesterday's vlog a lot
of people said I was favoriting Doug
over you and guppy but I wasn't it was
just a new guy not that handsome yes and
I don't hate me yes no I love me yes
you're my favorite son and you're my
favorite mini bull terrier now I gotta
go talk to it I gotta go talk to guppy
Oh big camera guppy this could take a
while
bro I can see that you're kind of busy
but uh I just want to say I know I
showed Doug the Pug love its engine the
other day but it meant nothing
you are the number one plug in my life
cubby you moose and you are the most
important dogs in my life please look at
me what I apologize you please it meant
nothing to me
guffy it was just a one-time thing
guffy now please forgive it got me I'm
just a man trying to apologize to a pug
let's just call it come on is that a
sneeze of forgiveness tell the world
forgive me how long you tell them copy
no swimming no swimming
you can't swim away from your problems
come on Oh for all his transgressions
now that that's resolved I got another
bone to pick with you the problem that I
have is that you guys are always
commenting and tweeting me the same
question when I get more pins
what do you sound like that and I'm here
to explain to you what it is would it be
what I do talk let me answer your
question with a question what are the
most comfortable things to wear on your
legs and the answer to that my friends
is sweatpants sweatpants is what you put
on after school after work
whenever you get home we're trying to be
on that comfy level but it's not
acceptable in today's society to wear
sweatpants and probably well my friends
these are not sweat pants these are
Jokers these are the classy sweatpants I
wear these everywhere because they're
acceptable
I wear them to meetings I wear them to
the bathroom I
to the basketball court but I got to
come off because it gets kind of hot but
you don't want to wear flood pants when
you're playing basketball all I'm saying
is the people have been asking me all
these questions about joggers are the
ones that don't have joggers or have
never worn joggers you gotta get
yourself at least one pair of joggers
and I know a pretty good place exercise
calm it is time to reveal the final
wasabi hoodie that's coming out in the
next launch that's hopefully happening
this weekend I'm not sure yet the other
day you saw the goal you saw the Salman
won and you saw that gray one but let me
hook you up with the final one
look at it look at it
you swing you're not going anywhere just
keep swimming
ladies and gentlemen on until just now
had to wait for the perfect moment and
that moment is right now if you try to
be a ninja if you try get some cookies
and no now you don't know your parents
wake up who's this on it can't even see
you can I don't wanna see you good I got
you know come back tomorrow hopefully I
will know for sure whether or not these
four cities of the dope dope are gonna
be in my store
I'm just not sure if they they got
 from overseas so once they get here
I'm hope you guys what that means you
gotta trust that's all I got you guys
today if you enjoyed today's adventures
hit that like button and make sure you
subscribe because if you're not I'm a
nobody
sure good and don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing
