ah you're eating GG's face don't eat
don't eat beeping stop
don't be cheeky stop stop open your
mouth open your table mouth stop it and
tickle you tickle tickle tickle tickle
tickle tickle what it is would it be
would it don't dull it is actually 6:00
p.m. all morning I was finishing the
pumpkin video that I posted yesterday
and Richard came over for wasabi
Wednesday's so he is officially back I'm
excited about it he's a funny guy
can't wait to see what you guys think of
his first video back in action but for
right now it's time to go have dinner
with my girlfriend's family hello guess
what
you look cute today nobody likes bad
baby no intruder hello
DIY family hi everybody
yeah baby I'm surrounded by Canadians so
Lawrence family's in town and we are
having dinner together because I'm being
a good boyfriend and I kind of like them
they make me laugh sometimes like and I
like stay in region and version yes so
they've marked off all the checklists
for for good people I always do this I
forget to vlog the meal before I eat it
but I ate it and it was delicious there
was actually green beans you've got
there beans beans are good for your
heart the more you eat the more you fart
know what the morning - oh my gosh
beans beans for every meal Canadians do
your lover know thank you for cooking or
for for food preparing it was delicious
can I look now close your eyes I guess I
cut in too close and another one yes did
you just wake up
oh my gosh the water free no one's gonna
freak out boy have a man has chichi and
what is this what is the name yeah he's
so tiny did he just pop out of the womb
you can everyone hit oh this is real and
this make you like a little tiny robot
oh I'm so scared see no way he can't fit
in that Cup he can't fit in the cup
what's in the cup I'm gonna drink you up
when you encounter something this cute
you don't know what to do you just
freeze it's like aa tai tai pad yeah I
want to put him in my mouth like his
head in my mouth oh look at me oh he's
like Daddy I'm definitely learning does
not good for my allergies
are you crying don't cry well there's a
lot of kids stuff going on I please I
don't know the view she cries oh my god
it's only been 10 seconds since you
walked in rody crying mom DIY you want
to jump in the ball pit and can I do die
oh no don't dive here they go up there
okay here we go
three two one where'd you go you're gone
winds lasting you're in a ball pit
everybody left now it's just you and me
what I do with you Lauren and her family
went back to their apartment
Aaron and Sarah went on a date what'd I
do with you I got so strong why are you
so strong
are you teething what's happening right
now oh oh oh well you hurt me how were
friends hey you wanna meet my friend
fuzzy doesn't know cuz I I kind of
already called him so it'd be weird if I
told him not to come now hi look at this
haha what is that a pug yeah I know
don't open CI this is been my entire
night this is better than all the times
I've said I want like what okay let's
see
you're mad if he doesn't know your
favorite dog busy what what's hurt
what's salts favorite dog what is that
though yo man I got the answer wrong
right now I pick them off yeah go ahead
that's like too small it's two months
old ah I'm surprised I know where is he
body
I don't know I've had him I don't know
what I'm I supposed to feed him am I
supposed to like left do I water him
sorry guys I had to let my little pug
use your your grass for a little bit
hopefully he knows look at you oh he
doesn't know he's turning it out that's
a cute horsy ping is he peeing I can't
tell
he's trying to get out oh here you go
yeah he's getting used to it it's gonna
be Opie come on
P oh they're gonna eat you don't do it
you guys you say thank you for letting
for them letting you borrow the grass do
you know how to pee I believe come on PP
no maybe he did oh yes it cuz he's just
he's so tiny he only pees like a drop
what are we gonna name you little guy
Rufus Rufus Rufus that's that's a good
name Rufus everybody's hurting when we
thought add of the pause that's already
taken we thought a Murphy Rufus he looks
he looks so much like a Rufus I don't
think I don't think I should let you eat
this I don't think it's on your meal
plan sorry about it
okay here you can play with it don't
tell Aaron secret I feel like this is
not sanitary ha let me clean it first
don't eat baby cheap
that's baby chichi no no don't eat baby
gee I'm gonna get in trouble
Laurens gonna be mad at you ah you're
eating GG's face don't don't stop don't
be cheeky stop stop open your mouth open
your table mouth stop it on the tickle
you tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle
tickle
I worked stop I don't put just remain
calm we'll get through this together
stop stop oh now you pee now you pee oh
it's still done still going I've never
had to clean up after a dog I never
owned a dog uh no don't smell your own
pee gross oh oh look what you did isn't
really do I see this on TV look what you
did
bad bad bad bad no more pee pee couch no
bad it's okay I'm just getting it okay
I'll clean it I don't know why but this
dog loves this sound
yeah get tired get tired signal asleep
oh okay sorry I can't you do any more
hurts welcome to the end of vlog talk
excuse me I paid you already you said
you would be in this stop stop you
already have money there's no getting
out of it you signed the contract I had
some plans yesterday to make the vlog
epic and then I met this guy so the
plans are off because he's pretty epic
if he just sit still we practiced we
practice this hey stop you're already in
all the vlog you don't need any more
airtime stop being cute please have a
super big announcement tomorrow uh on
the next vlog so make sure to come back
it's gonna be super cool it's about my
app that I have and Lauren and Beatrix
and it's going to be really cool relax
relax relax relax relax Shh
I have to go take care of this little
guy now so I'll see you guys in the next
vlog until then do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
okay bye
