Oh what whoa what okay
what happened would you do ah is it
dinner Z Hospital what's up everyone and
welcome back today we're going to make
jack-o'-lantern so they're going to be
very special jack-o'-lanterns are going
to be rainbow fire jack-o'-lanterns why
we have the basic necessities for
building a jackal iron with two sizes of
knives and we have spoons to help us
scoop out the gross guts and it starts
near
Oh gross
always gross me out every time if you
don't have to make a jack-o'-lantern
you just take off the top and then you
you start D gutting it you take all the
gross Ness and the seeds out of the
middle so that you can have a clean
responsible good stand up uh Jacqueline
nice relics come on one of me is the
ghost of the pumpkin kind of sit next to
you pumpkin ghost time for the outline
oh yeah I have an angry pumpkin mainly
because he only has three teeth he's not
very happy about it
remember if you're a kid you're young
your brain is not fully developed then
use an adult to supervise and if you're
an adult you got big brain and and it's
a little adult and stuff then get a kid
and show them how to make a Jacqueline
Oh what whoa what okay laughing what did
you do your hospital oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh break it out the Knights
continue while he's finishing up his
pumpkin let me show you what happens
next
here we have some fire stirrer it's
basically just some sand and gravelly
stuff that can help you start a fire
safety first we're gonna some of this
into our jack-o'-lanterns and that is
going to help us start a fire what's
gonna make it rainbow is this mystical
fire usually throw it into campfires or
open flames outside and it turns the
flame into different kinds of colors
once he's done carving his pumpkin we'll
go outside and light him up
all right done yet um are you done yet
mom already done yet done done yet are
you done yet
are you done yet they're waiting
complete what did you name your name you
guys name it Bob - Sebastian
yeah oh you wanna you wanna get it lit
on fire let's do it okay before we go
outside let's fill it up with the fire
starters oh yeah now we have our
mystical fire let's head outside
we can ok Italy yeah it's lit now
they're both late
we need to get a look closer now you
just put in your grandpa package ok but
we have water for safety hello thanks
have to do whoa ok it's starting to open
the package opening he's starting to
burn nothing's nothing's happening ears
yet hold on just got wait give you some
time sir give you some time
whoa Aaron's starting to turn colors
mine I we had to put some more paper in
there to get more fuel going and it's
going
we just need to Pat oh you're just doing
good and nighttime this would be like so
nice good good night I wish we did this
at night because it would look a lot
cooler so give it a big thumbs up if you
think we should do it again in
tomorrow's vlog at nighttime holy has
enjoyed that video in person that fire
looks super cool but the footage is did
not do it justice so I'm definitely
doing it at nighttime in tomorrow's blog
and even bigger
now for the time we've all been waiting
for I'm about to pick the winner of this
week's I phone 7 giveaway let me go to
last Sunday's vlog let me go to the
comments and scrolling scrolling
scrolling scrolling this person is the
winner congratulations to Stacey winters
nice nice you win let me see
Oh got a make sure you're subscribed and
ah seven predictions is not aired
subscriptions sorry Stacy onto the next
one
scroll Scroll scroll Scroll scroll the
scroll
congratulations to Elisabeth Lully you
have one and you are subscribed username
Twitter Elizabeth le 27 get ready
because I'm about to DM you and find out
your address cuz you've got a brand new
iPhone 7 now onto this week's giveaway
this week I'm giving away two iPhones
one is signed by me it's my old iPhone
6s plus which is still a very nice phone
and I'm giving that away and then I'm
also giving away my friend Suzy's signed
old phone which is actually technically
new because he only had it for a couple
weeks it's an iPhone 7 and that is also
going out to you guys to one of the
winners this week the rules are a little
bit different let me explain you must be
subscribed you must like this video and
you have to comment down below with your
Twitter name and for animal emojis fuzzy
and I have both chosen for animal emojis
in a specific order and I haven't typed
down in my phone right now next Sunday
I'm going to randomly scroll through
this videos comments and look for the
correct order the first ones I see win
the iPhones and that's not all
yesterday I gave my brother a brand new
iPhone 7 so he's going to be giving away
his iPhone as well go subscribe he's
gonna explain it all the roles
everything in his next vlog but that's
not all ah randomly this week I will be
giving away more brand-new
sevens on my second channel and a random
livestream I'll be giving them away live
so make sure you tune in go subscribe
turn on notifications over on that
channel because you can win instantly so
altogether there are five iPhones being
given away that means you have five
chances to win that's a lot Susie's
phone my phone and two brand new
unopened iPhone sevens
that'll be given away in a random
livestream this week Oh buddy good luck
to all of you see you tomorrow on the
next vlog where things are gonna get
things are gonna get sticky until then
do me a favor don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong what
