so now are you excited to learn the
magic tonight what yeah huh yeah okay
all right you are the yellow what it is
would it be what a dude Oh helping out
the lady friend with a video for her
channel you minimum for ever well that's
because you haven't let me be on your
channel forever every day you tell me
hey just in case you're wondering you're
not gonna be on my channel today today
you're not out you a hundred percent not
augs DIY I'm not Alex get what today
Phoebe next Kleenex whatever whatever
cool
Lily Lily Lily
spent all day at Lauren's working on her
video but mostly not because it was a
and because we worked on in fact three
hours and then she got really tired as
hard to get no long that oh I did that I
was former now I've become accustomed to
editing the vlogs in the morning but I
had wanted to get over to her place in
the morning to help her from for her
video so I had edit last night and I
procrastinated I didn't sleep that much
so I ended up sleeping a lot today
but it's okay because GG here I know you
understand me sometimes you got to take
a long nap sometimes you didn't have a
good sleep and you got a nap you sleep
like 16 hours a day so I know you feel
me you understand me oh my gosh it's the
TV it's just the TV
you scared me if that is not real
gunshots it's a TV it's okay it's okay
are you excited to learn the magic
tonight there's me now right now yeah
I can't show you right now I'm a Casti
laughter are things to do what do you
mean go home but but but why but but but
but but why okay I'll go with you to
your place and show you and I'll go home
are you sure because I love you
so now are you excited to learn the
magic tonight what yeah huh yeah okay
all right you are the yellow the thing
that sucks about YouTube's life is as
soon as one thing's over it's on to the
next thing the most important thing is
never what you're working on at the
moment
it's what's next because the one that
you're working on at the moment you
already super prepared for it because it
used to be what's next so while you're
doing it
you're already super prepared for it so
you don't have to worry about anymore
while you're doing it the next thing is
what you got to worry about and the next
thing is tomorrow tomorrow I have a
super-secret shoot usually these things
they ask you to bring three to five
different outfits that they could choose
from for your costume for whatever
you're doing in the scene and then you
stay there for eight hours and in the
last thirty minutes you film your scene
and you're done and you have effectively
wasted seven and a half hours of your
day now let's go pick out our outfit
what the wardrobe department on set is
asking us to bring is cool dark neutral
going out outfits so I got four boom one
two three four actually that's a jacket
maybe that doesn't count and then I got
black jeans because I don't have any
other colored jeans I got black jeans of
blue jeans and they don't want blue
jeans I got black jeans
wait that's a jacket so I don't have
three oh here we go hmm hit hit four
nice you my biggest fan yeah you are
do you watch all the vlogs you watch
every vogue how many balls do you watch
out of a week mostly only if you're in
them uh who's that nobody likes the baby
Dino nobody
Medina especially not you uh everybody
like the paper and everybody like the
pic well I don't like any of them but
out of them I like him the last worst at
least let's not worry I release worst
and then no actually I'm kind of
indifferent to Dirk Dirk because he
doesn't really he doesn't really bother
me he keeps to himself
bear bears always on top of me
I hate bear bear bear bear is gross and
baby Dino is a bit cool
nobody likes a puppet Dino no but the
last baby dinner excuse me
laurdiy Susie's sister and cousin and
possibly other family members that he
mentioned to me but I don't remember our
in town and they want to go out tonight
I know we are home bodies and we just
rather stay home and not play with the
ugly baby Dino and bear bear nobody my
mood you know um so uh so let's go come
on the faster we get there the faster we
can come home guess what what okay bye
now
and by the way I hired a guy to come
build a wall so half this room like
right here over is going to be a wall
like up to my waist so it's going to be
like up to here because the balls since
these are coming over here they're gonna
be even higher so it's going to be even
the deeper ball pit it's gonna be dope
and he's coming Wednesday so at
Thursday's vlog you guys are gonna bout
to see the coolest hallway ball pit ever
you clean up nice I want to be a better
fit Deena
we I think we cannot mention baby Dino
for the next at least 10 minutes baby
Dino is no more until the end of all
talk then you can say it as many times
as you want
welcome to the end of log talk thank you
guys so much for haha you thought I
forgot to say magic didn't you know I
don't forget yesterday I saw the vlog
you saw that I was showing all my
friends this magic trick and they were
astounded except for Busey he kind of
saw it but it's because I haven't
practiced in a long time but Lauren
Kenan Erin baffled after you practice
this trick just a little bit you will be
able to astound anybody you show you'll
freak out your parents your friends your
teachers they'll all be like tell me how
you did how did you do it
just like this I spit tell you I'm gonna
tell you later I can tell you later I'll
tell you I'll tell you tomorrow I'll
tell you the morning pee I can't tell
you right now for this trick all you
need is a little napkin and your hand
you put the napkin into your hand just
like this and one two three
where'd it go where'd he go I don't know
if you guys saw it if you did it's
because I need a little more practice if
you didn't then the trick worked
and I'll show you right now how it
happened
you see that it didn't go my sleeves
it's not on my jacket it's not on the
floor I didn't throw it anywhere what
happened was if you slow the video down
a little bit and find out you could
probably see a little glimpse of where
it went and where which was actually
into my jacket and down my sleeve let me
explain I have a string that is attached
to the inside of my sleeve and it shoots
in like that you have this in your hand
what this is is a little tube and I have
it attached to the string so when I have
like this the string is hidden behind my
hand it's hidden right there I have it
close to me you can't see it because I'm
completely covering it I'll do it slow
for you guys 1 2 3 so after you count to
3 make sure that you go like this with
your hands because then you can help it
go into your jacket and I'll show you
what's pulling it in you can actually
get this at most like Walmart's targets
Walgreens CVS pharmacies anything like
that they usually have this it's mainly
for like IDs so you attach your ID to it
and then you can like scan it on doors
that you need to get open and then let
go and it goes back but you can also use
it for the easiest and most amazing epic
magic trick that you will freak anybody
out with ever that's all I have for you
guys today make sure to come back
tomorrow because I will be announcing
the iPhone giveaway winner from last
Sunday so make sure to come back to
enter for your chance to win oh and
we're gonna be lighting some
jack-o'-lanterns on fire see you guys
tomorrow and until then do me a favor
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong ok bye
Oh
