what it is would it be would it do Joe
doll
welcome back I'm glad you made it again
for this journey of life dela Lorex
we're on the way to the mall for some
reason I need new shorts
she is a short I make a palette palette
smaller makeup other makeup possibly
some frozen yogurt
mm-hmm and the iPhone 7 oh my gosh I
need smaller hands because I got yeah so
that is so long yeah that's does hand
size difference in our hands gross I
also get like another couple like I got
like one centimeter extra with the nails
then later I have a magic trick that I
remembered that I used to do when I was
little that I haven't done it forever
but it was my favorite magic ever I'm
gonna show it to you oh and you're gonna
be amazed oh okay
I'm not I am the Raja second nugget the
thing I like what Topshop is that your
every employee right here is also a
stylist so I can go in and be like hey I
need a whole new outfit and then when I
go back out to see Lauren she's like did
you just get a whole new outfit what you
are wearing that so let's see how this
particular everybody did Lauren do you
notice anything different about me
do you like it yeah sure
ready yeah three two magic my finger
give any fee fingers on know why fake
fingers off look I know where to go
no awkward is your face well it was a
face of astonishment guys trust me
what happened describe what happens I
didn't show them neither looking there
but end up what happened I think they do
you you it what happened
no fellas yeah little peanut on paper
you put in your finger and you're like
dupa do we do it you me like this is
gone where was it where is it and your
big human no where is it you're beat you
know look at my head or something weird
no I can't tell you I can never tell you
okay alright well did it work
you didn't you don't know how it
happened no magic
ok come on now you give up I can't tell
heels I'm in till you later I can tell
you later I'll tell you I'll tell you
tomorrow I'll tell you the morning me I
can't tell you right now I'll never beat
you kids for vivid you know if you told
me no favor nope nope now I'm like I
tell you if ever ended you know that's a
deal
ok you're back you're tired I got your
phone you can pick one because I love my
wasabi ins that's why ya matte black jet
black rose gold gold and silver which
one you want and the circuits one two
you need tell me you're opening an
ass-kisser no oh you want this blood
does matte black and there's Jeb like
just likes a newest one this one's like
it's like well this one's like jet black
right here and then this one's like
matte black I want you okay okay okay
okay okay okay
that's yours what about Sarah she wants
a Rose Bowl Bradley you cuz rose gold
yeah you done really giving us funds for
being you
you be me a deal's a deal you beat me in
that hike I had a hike race and I was
like oh and then Lauren slowed me down
and they killed me is all so here's
their do
hahaha uh uh thank you okay all right
wait before we go get some pizza you
want to see my magic trick yes this is
all yes I hear ya
hey ru e - where you go I have no idea
where you wait there you go
rocket no from before right it's not in
my sleeves look show the camera look not
on my sleeves
it's not on my jacket nope no hey come
on I need you gotta know you're flexing
for you but what Shepard but I've gone
where is it it's gone forever
I don't don't see it where do that oh I
haven't got a show I'm not like I tell
you guys I'll tell you now I got to tell
them first at the end of the vlog and
then I'll tell you guys tomorrow magic
and hey fuzzy hi I got you something
what but I told you this one condition
yeah I got a I got a brand-new iPhone 7
plus I'm trying to buy oh no no I got a
brand-new have a 7 plus I'll move
Allen's for I just I buy it I know
you've been trying to find a story to
tell them that I just
by a walk in court even Blackmun he saw
this one and he was like he was like oh
it's new it if it's the iPhone 7 plus
it's off and he's like let me buy it I
was like nah man is mine they only had
one more but actually this one's mine I
just got for myself and they had two
sounds like oh I might as well get Suzy
one he's been looking for one but his
the only color they had I'm here what's
the condition the condition is you have
to give me your old phone for to give
away dawn I'm gonna give you this fun
right it's just that it's the biggest 7
that you can get yeah I got a protector
on it I had my own where are they gonna
want my phone I don't know but I mean
I'm sure they will look I'm giving away
my all Signori my 6s plus and then plus
and your your phone yeah how about we
sign them too
yeah that's it yo that's crazy came in
and tried buying this oh no I couldn't I
walked into the store cuz Lauren was
getting um she was doing something at
the store and I was like let me ask I
know they're not gonna have it I'll say
hey do you have the 7 plus as I know
there's whole lot everywhere and they're
like no we have two I'll like what how
they let me get both of them cuz I mean
one at my point is one oh man I know I
know
oh my god this one hey I'm all for my
big and open it we are doing unboxing
right now right now right now just look
at it oh that is crazy you guys don't
understand I literally before even
saying I hired in hand walk in grab it
because I saw the two cameras on the
back and I tried to buy it up and I said
I'll pay me $200 above profit value
that's for you now we're matching we got
matching phones this one's a rose gold
on two ran oh my I know I ain't got a
lot I owe you like
your friend favors for that so for the
giveaway this week coming up on Sunday
after you find out who else who won last
week's giveaway you get a brand new
iPhone 7 regular I'm gonna do several
people right you see Sarah yeah yeah so
somebody's gonna get fizzy old phone
which is actually newer than mine and
this obviously give my 6s Plus which is
only one version of behind heaven yeah
you have to literally though when you do
the giveaway don't just do it like a
random IVF just say it's when they know
that yeah we're gonna we're gonna sign
it okay well sign it okay that's awesome
ayyy okay guys alex is showing me a
magic trick and apparently you guys
can't see the magic trick cuz he hasn't
showed you guys yes so he's just gonna
record my reaction how does that even
work like I wanted to see the reaction
because once they see it they might be
able to rewind it and catch it so okay
he's very prepping it okay yeah I'm
ready okay stare Gary okay when you
ready have some in your hand hey hey
she's relaxed but you did bad like okay
okay here okay anyone okay
no hahaha you need practice I know
because it wasn't smooth cool
I did like it I was awesome okay here's
what I made it better it sits in there
am I wrong though no one's good okay
here's the you doing you know practice
go back to the drawing board
one more time say to oneself the end now
Hilly's really I had three people a
night little beasts I like the glue but
it was good please ah-hey for effort
well it's still very good trick it
usually works I just haven't practiced
in a long time let me show them what it
is here you're gonna show them yeah
that's all what are you gonna reveal it
now practice first no don't show that
don't get I'm telling you don't show
them what let it build they're gonna be
excited to see it take one day of
practice I promise what one day okay
guys tell him now tell him tweet him
that you want to see the trick be like
we want to see we want as you want to
see don't show him yet oh it's not
really it's not ready okay tomorrow I'm
going tomorrow yeah okay tomorrow's vlog
I'm going to show you this super epic
trick and I'm going to show you how to
do it and it's the coolest trick I used
to confuse everybody in my life my
parents refused my friends at school
refused my teachers were confused and
I'll always use that how you did it yeah
how you pulled it off when I saw her
okay but it's I'll show you everything
and what you need it's all simple stuff
it's cool okay all right fine I was
going to show them tonight but I guess
all done tomorrow tomorrow welcome to
the actually let me let me fix a little
I you real quick oh that's that good
good you see oh no not that one
nope not that one him this one this one
good this the one I had on before
welcome to the end of blog talk a lot of
you guys have been telling me don't
spend so much on you guys don't spend so
much just in general like you have been
doing recently and save it make sure you
save it because like for future and
don't get me wrong I I do I save a lot I
do I put a lot in the savings all the
time but I've only ever had one goal in
life just one as long as I can remember
I've always tried for this one thing I
only buy things that bring happiness I
only I only buy things that bring
happiness to other people that is why
I'd give an iPhone 7 to my brother and
because he beat me in a race and that is
why I want to get my dad a car I got my
sister car I got my mom a car I bought
like 100
thousand ball pit balls just to bring
you guys happiness and why I got you
guys all these iPhones my whole life
goal is to bring people happiness and if
I'm doing that then it doesn't matter
the cost
if not true when they say money can't
buy you happiness because I am truly in
my heart a hundred percent the happiest
when I put a smile on somebody else's
face so I can without a doubt guarantee
tell you that no matter what my
financial situation is in the future I
will not regret one extravagant purchase
I've ever made as long as it made
someone else's life just a little bit
better now one last thing before I go
Lauren and I have been together for
almost an entire year November 6 is our
year-long anniversary and she told me
that she got me a really cool present
and I have been stressing out trying to
figure out what to get her and I still
haven't found the perfect present for my
beautiful little chicken nugget actually
that's not true I do have one thing I'm
working on but it's it's like a 50-50
chance it's going to work so it might it
might not go through but I'm working on
it so it wouldn't hurt if you guys les
likes really good really cool dope
present gift ideas in the comments below
just in case mine doesn't work out
definitely showing you guys the epic
magic trick that you guys can show
everybody in your life you can show
anybody you can even show strangers and
they'll be like whoa tomorrow it's super
easy just takes a little bit of practice
and you will amaze everybody see you
guys on the next vlog until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong okay
bye
