where it is would it be what it to tow I
would like to give you guys an apology
because the last week of videos they've
been on that on that flaky slack as cuz
I was feeling real bad like real bad I
forgot what it felt like not to feel bad
and no I don't feel bad so we good but
there's one problem she feels bad she
took care of me and then got got the C
key six you got bad case of the C key
six now I'll take care of you this is
the first day that she's felt bad it it
was a three day process four day process
for me no dad and I'm still I'm not even
a hundred percent right now I'm like
probably eighty percent but it's a lot
better than the ten percent I was for
the longest time so it's going to get
the little worse but I'll be four here
for you do all of it to hand-feed you
the soups and and pet you cuz when
you're feeling bad we like to pet each
other it makes us feel better right yes
I'll give it bad another badge yeah
that's it one last stop before we head
back so she can rest is to get a a board
they like plank a big thick board piece
of board because right now I have the
door downstairs in the hallway you guys
keep asking me what am I gonna do with
the ball pits balls after I'm done with
the video I'm gonna keep them of course
what you guys thought I'd get rid of
them no you got to keep them but right
now we have a door and she can't really
make it over the door very well and she
struggles every time so we got to get a
smaller piece of wood to stop the balls
from going into our rooms every time we
open the door that was confusing I'll
just show you when we get back before we
left to Home Depot Lauren took the
responsibilities of measuring the
hallway so that we got a piece of wood
that that that yeah there got a piece of
wood that effectively stopped the balls
from going into my room when I opened
the door I had the door here and it
would be about this high she had a
problem game over
things on my waist okay it was really
high and she couldn't get over with her
little tiny baby Dino legs so we got
this board this board does not reach all
the way across oh if you if you if you
if you look closely there's about two
inches off it wasn't when you move this
it makes the balls exit looks great good
weren't you
these bowls are fun for the first about
four or five days it was okay now
they're just a hassle you do not realize
how many times you go to your room in a
day until you have to go through a
hundred thousand ball pit balls every
single day - oh God three danger danger
Vicky
oh you over the whole time back it'd be
careful using care of me you me Carrie
oh my gosh oh my god I did oh my god
I did no you know chicken nugget dive
dive like this only you disappear we're
gone
you see where'd you go No
completely gone off topic there okay
what I'm gonna say is I'm gonna build a
wall right here so if I build a wall
right here and I have it like this much
walking space I'll bet dudududududu
there will be no balls in my way I can
make it all the way up to here
so the wall just need to go from there
to right there
so if you are a handyman confiture
somebody that knows how to do that and
you live in the LA area tweet me let's
get together and build a wall now sure
you thought to yourself Alex why are you
giving away so many iPhones it's because
I love you guys I know other youtubers
give away like one or two or three
iPhones well you know I'm not like other
youtubers i give away 14 then you're
probably asking yourself if you're not
like other youtubers they why don't you
just give one away every single day
because well uh okay I don't I don't I
don't make that much that's a lot those
are
ready I think $12,000 what the phones
for you
Oh me oh you want one I'll buy you
another one because these are for those
audience I'm missing one no it's right
here
give me juicy juicy hamburger oh this is
juicy
come on juicy juicy and hamburger no I
want the fart inside to get him warm and
cozy for you juicy so mad at you right
now
juicy so much baby so bad he looks mad
Oh either like flaming an anger you know
what time it is
from attending the egg yes miss Emory
everybody here wait have we even done
with us got everybody of it I don't know
I'm not sad about it if we haven't did
you the picture I put on Twitter view
mirror with the glasses no no oh well
that's sleeping this morning you took a
picture of me no we're talking about
taking sleeping pictures of Alex you
guys did it I said back like a week ago
the title was bought my niece a car my
dad agreed that if that vlog on over
150,000 likes and then he would let me
buy him a car and it got over 200,000
likes oh my god I know that's crazy so
next time I go back which is I think
it's early December he's getting a
brand-new car all thanks to you guys
tomorrow I'm doing something super epic
I'm super excited about it is it I can't
I'll show you
you got you're part of it
no no no aah and then the next day and
the day after that I have two things
pumpkin related that are going to be
really cool that I can't wait to show
you that might be a little dangerous but
also super cool last thing I want to say
before I go punch all these animals good
punch Rex oh okay well that's all
yourself watch my face okay okay
no more you know I went to go look at
comments already like I was looking
through them just for fun yeah and then
I clicked on like two of them back oh
this is a good one and I clicked on them
just to see who that person was and they
weren't subscribed like what that
happened like three times
oh the hell you can't oh yeah you got to
killing me you have to be subscribed and
comment and believe your twitter name
they kinda want an apple see you guys on
the next vlog I gotta till then do me a
favor see you guys tomorrow on the next
epic vlog which is gonna blow your mind
and until then do me a favor don't
forget remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
no and I'm gonna make he's gonna do the
water son a beverage accounted and knife
to the back
