it's getting messy it's getting messy
over here Oh No Oh Phil over Phil is not
good
what's up guys welcome to another
wasabicars ensure is gonna work so we're
going to find out together we are about
to make gummy bouncy balls in order to
do this you're going to need these
things jell-o gelatin these ball molds a
glass bowl and a funnel first up we're
going to need the gelatin and the jello
so I put about two cups of water in a
pan got my gelatin and I like to put it
in before I heat it up to soften up the
gelatin I'm not sure how much gelatin
but I put a lot in like a lot a lot
because the more you put in the better
the balls will bounce
now that the gelatin is all mixed up and
dissolved it's time for the jello
after you let your little concoction
cool down a little bit then comes the
hard part
these molds have little holes at the top
where you fill it liquid in so it
becomes one solid ball the easiest way
is to pour a little bit of the gelatin
jello mixture into a cup now very gently
pour it into the fun nice no good mist
get messy
get messy over here what why there are
some common Oh awesome
but not great now it's probably gonna
get a little messy but that's good
enough and they use places in the fridge
Oh Oh No
No and wait about 12 hours luckily I had
some pre-made huh so this is the
overflow of what happened earlier oh
this is weird my gosh why look at that
whoa whoa
Oh I'll get rid of the excess before we
talk these out we got orange and this
one is blue hmm
now place all your balls in the bowl and
I got some red ones too oh my gosh
look at these jello balls these gummy
jelly balls you see this do you see this
we have to see if they actually balance
three two one ah take test
oh did not taste good if you're gonna
make these they're mainly for balancing
not for eating
now to test the durability too strong
let's see if these can bounce all the
way to the ceiling
Wow fit it - it did nice weight good
Oh
you
there you have it how to make DIY gummy
bouncy balls give this video a big
thumbs up if you want to see me make
more gummy stuff and make sure to come
back next week because I have a special
guest coming and you might know him he
goes by the name of Richard also doing a
hashtag wasabi giveaway every single
Sunday so make sure to go check out the
video that came out Sunday for your
chance to win
what's this week Oh an iPhone 7 see you
guys tomorrow as always and until then
do me a favor don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye
