that hurts that was rough crow am i Alex
Apple or you call it Alex a little Adams
everyone can just name it out what it is
would it be what it do toe back in the
lay getting things done actually getting
ready for a clap right now gotta run
Home Depot get some supplies it's gonna
get it's actually gonna get kind of
dangerous I counted what I'm looking at
right now what I'm about to buy is gonna
be it's gonna be a whole new series on
my channel I'm a little nervous about it
you'll see what I'm talking about soon
I'll probably use it this week I'm gonna
need some goggles someone got a package
Oh sometimes are things that I wish I
didn't let's do it Logan's up - come on
we gotta go to Logan's almost leave it
okay all right okay
all right here we go yeah hi I miss you
I miss you more thank you all you like
hey Logan I got it boy welcome in my
husband come on enjoy what is this as
usual I know we're gonna shoot a
challenge real quick but first let's
play with my toy that's a first Oh what
is it second off as you can see bro I've
already set up our challenge that I told
you about as you can see it's is there
what is this what is this this is gonna
be um a little more painful than yours I
thought it's gonna be good times for
everybody shock ball yeah I have such a
bad feeling about this
such a bad feeling about this come on I
dunno play hot potato with shock bowling
lorry we're gonna ask us questions you
can't pass it until you answer the
question let's go come on Playboy before
me and Logan play this game wait I know
mark decided he got put the key in into
the hole he's gonna test it out for us
and let us know how bad it is nothing oh
the power what I think
get you nothing it's on now now it's
just like randomly goes oh yeah it's a
hot potato ball so you throw it shocks
you nothing what I just hold on guys how
many pick it up oh that's you you ever
get shocked three times first loses okay
that's it what does it know where he's
gonna hold it until you answer the
question then you pass it off and
whoever you strikes five times first
loses yeah yeah I'm gonna tribute so I'm
a little worried for this car okay any
multiple choice or no it's not the
choice so you gotta you gotta talk fast
you can write paper says shoot oh yeah
oh yeah the average person does what 13
times a day smiles laughs claps laughs
yes yes Sunday in Florida and it's
single meant to do what skydive drinkies
go shopping Oh
oh good Scott interesting what is right
I'm afraid of heights
water clowns boom yeah Washington police
officers get a half hour class and how
to do what Oh
Hancock gather uniforms sit down
um handcuffs no no okay go what next
next in California can't legally buy a
mousetrap without having what a gun a
pest inspector or a hunting license
Oh a hunting license to swear in front
of what your hands a priest or corpse
corpse oh that's good yeah thank you
huh kids I get it oh okay oh wait how
many would some squirt out ah you put
down hi-yah - - is it it yeah I think so
I think so
okay - - okay ready okay go Cobras gosta
phobia is a fear of constipation back
scratches or small spaces got me back
scratches no no it's kosher
ha ha Kansas illegal to eat cherry pie
with orange juice ice cream or other
kinds of pie hey figuring for what juice
no no no no I get it
I know each other I know it is no more
than the first puck you made it up oh
yeah
we have to put it in our armpits oh my
god are we are videos really right here
32 what doesn't happen
absolutely support girl okay what is it
country with the most people
ah yeah yes every state is the biggest
in the u.s. Texas country has the
largest area the largest landmass Texas
no what is the country that moves to the
2008 Olympic Games um uh aging Beijing
China yeah oh wow your sport is the most
popular in the US well visual ow
is that in an indoor that hurts that was
rough pro-am I Alex Apple or you call it
Alex and little Adams Emily I just named
it out which golf players mothers from
Thailand Kurds yes boy go what is it
what is the non fungus diseases the most
common in the world
Oh No Zika Yahoo I have one dose coming
I don't know the Beatles recorded the
last time to go I can feel it when you
get psyched about it I feel the last
album I have no idea Abbey Road did
Miles D is the gas engine play piano
more enriched you could get into a
headlock uh you see no rustling ultimate
buddy that's it roll ah jeez counts UFC
is not a sport
what is NFL sport yes no it's not oh you
a Oh what you see is ultimate fighting
championship and then there's a sport
like boxing I'm amazed the sport oh gosh
Oh weird son ah all the winners let's
get your challenge on with me so I can
go pellets alone in the dark this is
nice this wasn't might be war bro let's
do it
this is about to go down it is dude like
it's about to go down ha ha I'm not
gonna tell you guys what we're gonna do
but it it looks similar to a wasabi
video and you know what happens on top
of videos so just just be just prepare
yourselves sorry for that oh go ahead go
check it out on his channel sometime
tomorrow no good tomorrow yeah so this
happened if seen similar things to this
but this time it's on the official Logan
Paul this is my fault sorry things are
this is gross I have a dozen with this
gross I'm very long time so thank you
for bringing me back long I got you my
boy watch my boy doesn't we do snappy
throws everywhere that's what we do my
boy that's my boy here are the iPhones
they had like 10 32 gigabyte iPhones and
they had 14 128 I said what's the price
difference they said it's about a
hundred dollar difference for each phone
I said give me the 128 because mama
sabias deserve it and I'm not trying to
get them a phone that only lets them get
like two apps and then it's full of
memory
JJ you had a high father did you miss me
a super missed you I got your new iPhone
you can get silver rose gold black
regular gold whatever you want it's your
princess and you're a star
hmm you're a superstar ah excuse me did
you miss me how much that's the same
thing Malayan said more because my arms
are longer okay and uh who's this little
guy I don't remember him Oh where'd you
get home baby Dino
where's bear bear did you replace bear
bear if he replaces bear bear that I'll
love him forever no nobody likes bear
bear he's gross are you gonna enter the
the iPhone giveaway yeah no really
did you ready comment you didn't you
gotta go comment on Falls
there's no it's still open a little bit
okay it's open for a week you can go
comment on that vlog you over video -
kisses use punch of two times two kisses
over here
no yeah - you punk I'm too young I'm not
gonna do it mana good you have to do it
okay right okay
can't make me have to do it but I did it
I just do it one two ever good luck
two more for good luck longer good luck
welcome to the end of vlog talk Oh had a
super busy day today
got a lot of stuff done still have a lot
more things that gotta do to catch up on
the time I spent with my family II need
my other family that's your family
Oh with my family and this is my memory
well - dirt and Berber make sure you
guys joined this week's giveaway for the
iPhone 7 go back to tomorrow's vlog if
you don't know the rules it's all there
and enter to win because next Sunday I'm
going to that comment section and I'm
randomly choosing because I will be
selecting a comment out of yesterday's
comments section it for the winner of
the iPhone I'm going to be doing it for
the next couple weeks until the week
where I do it every single day see you
guys tomorrow in the next vlog hopefully
hopefully without baby Dino and until
then do me a favor don't forget remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong
okay bye
