yeah what it is would it be would it do
tow date number two with the fam about
to leave to the mall to see if I could
find some more things for the giveaways
every week on Sundays iPhone sevens in
particular let's make it two moves come
on Leah I'm gonna put you in the car
because I care about your safety and I'm
your uncle do you like juice do you like
soda no no Shawn or pummel why cuz bat
for you that's good don't ever drink
soda
do you eat candy yeah what Kenny's bad
for you yes
oh you eat diet candy me too wow what a
coincidence I love you but you said you
got me too
okay I'm gonna teach you how to sing
that later okay bye went to the Apple
store to see if I can get you guys some
iPhone 7
if hey dang got it so then I called Best
Buy do you guys have any iPhone sevens
and they said they don't have any pluses
but they get the regular iPhone sevens
I'm gonna go there and see how many they
got and by the ball now you wanna play
the playground to you we have time for
you to go down the slide one time that
we have to go to Best Buy okay
okay let's go look Oh put your shoes on
let's go
nope nope hey hey hey hey my get come on
do you think we're gonna get 150,000
likes on that blog so we can get grandpa
car you think ooh look I went to Best
Buy I said hey how many uh how many
iPhones do you have
they had 14 sigh bought 14 oh my have
you ever seen this many phones in a
lifetime just for the wasabi ends whoo
buddy
later night when we get back I am
picking the winner for the vlog cameras
and then we're gonna start the next
giveaway you want - no you can have it
then you don't want it here you can have
you can have - no you don't you don't
want it Andrew when we get back I'm
gonna I'm gonna we're gonna do push-ups
I'm gonna show you how to do push-ups
oh yeah well guess what nobody's talking
to you do you have muscles you don't
have muscles I got my fish well guess
what that's really cool thanks for
sharing hey ki do me a favor Malaya ki
give Andrew muscles with magic
magic magic for my Juju's push-ups
magic magic put my drew drew muscles Wow
do you feel it do you feel the power now
I know I said I bought 14 I phones and
there was 13 on the couch if you counted
which I'm sure some of you did it's
because I gave my dad one of them boom
this is a brand new iPhone 7 jet-black
with a tech 21 case what do you like it
yeah how do you like it very good the
best one you ever had it is I just said
I'm naughty
why are you smiling at me candy
chocolate Johnny oh the camera I'm
talking with the pictures on me do you
think I'm silly am i funny that make you
laugh that make you smile do you want a
high phone now yeah
when my finger on your bigger okay on
your bigger I'm gonna get you a phone
it's my last night in North Carolina
before I head back to LA so you know me
and Endor gotta do something crazy it's
called a sky trail I've always passed it
and I always come here and I do these
go-karts and arcade games but I've never
actually climbed up in it
so we bout to get in when the straps on
I'm going up there
lay that
come on use those magical muscles Malaya
gave you come on uh-uh-uh
and you did it yeah yeah okay night hey
guys we did it yeah did I do a good cop
do a good job in there oh okay good I
haven't already then you should
definitely subscribe
yeah I think you
ah you're not a team player
No get out of here ha ha in your face
papa
good yes
wait you suppose she's a club oh that's
good anyways yeah
so they say I have to go to the airport
now
to go back to LA but before I go I need
your help go on my Instagram go to
photos of me right here and I need you
to randomly scroll down like this like a
lot and like as much as you want you can
go up down whatever you want and then
click on somebody and then take a
snapshot okay I need two of those
you have their lives in your hands you
could be responsible for giving the next
big youtuber their first camera okay
okay
next school more way down way down
because this has been a week-long thing
take a picture all right I will announce
those when I get back to LA
bye Andrew bye
i'm debbie back to uh for your wisdom
teeth when you hear isn't easy yeah no I
love you alright dad can I get you a new
car
in November it didn't hit 150 yet it's
like 120 but by the time I come back in
like four weeks it's gonna hit hit you
think we're gonna hit 150 huh 120 okay
okay okay okay okay okay
welcome to the end of vlog talk back in
my apartment in LA and it's time to
announce the vlog camera winners let me
see let me see let me see who is it
going to be the winners are den oh the
Asian underscore photography and non Jer
21 be expecting a Instagram message for
me to get your address to send you guys
the vlog cameras now on to the next
giveaway as you know I bought a whole
bunch of phones I had 14 I gave my dad
one I owe Aaron one and I owe Sarah one
because I told them a long time ago that
if they beat me in a race think I would
get them one so I've got the one so that
means I'm down to 11 for the next few
weeks I'm gonna be giving away one brand
new iPhone 7 but this week it's not an
Instagram giveaway
it is a YouTube giveaway so this is how
it's about to go down first you must be
subscribed you have to like this vlog
get the like yesterday's vlog too
because I'm trying to get that vlog 150
thousands like a bomb my dad a car leave
a comment down below of why you think
you deserve the iPhone 7 and leave your
Twitter name with the comment so I know
who to DM to get the address to send the
phone to when I pick the
next week after you do that then you're
entered to win the iPhone 7 wasabi
giveaway so this week you could win an
iPhone 7 next week you could with an
iPhone 7 the next week you could win an
iPhone 7 and then the following week
after that I'm not sure which week but
one of these weeks I'm gonna be doing an
iPhone 7 giveaway every single day for
an entire week so look out for that see
you guys tomorrow on the next vlog of
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
