it's Malaya why I keep saying you don't
know your name I'm on the East Coast to
see my family and there this should be
right around here there is hey hi I'm
Alex what's your name I'm Alex - 9
months you're Andrew ah there are a lot
of girls that ask about you Andrew I'm
gonna ask you some questions that I see
a lot of times do you have a girlfriend
hey they were kissed a girl have you
ever held a girl's hand what up mom are
you getting your wisdom teeth taken out
soon can i film it kind of like a moment
how old are you 13 well grey to you it
nice nice nice
nice Andrew hi Andrew hi Andrew were you
at I'm weird go go stop keep going
hold on wait come jump in the window
right gonna be scooped go go ha ha ha
bye hi mom
ha hey what'd you think of my hair I
look I get it
I'm gonna Brandi son that's a definitely
yes going to dinner with my family and
we're actually going to the last job
that I had before I became a youtuber
it's one of those places where the
waiters dance to country music and I
used to be one of those leaders ha ha ha
come on good old Texas Roadhouse oh yeah
and you ready to go to school yeah you
ready to learn
yeah last year I went to Endor school
and all the students freaked out and the
principal told me I couldn't come back
now there's a new principal so I'm
coming back maybe because I want to come
to your school I want to speak at the
pep rallies one of my goals when I
started YouTube was that one day I can
go to your school and I can I can be a
positive influence
nice so you're singing a bellybutton
song you know you know I'm Prince's
rhettandlink right and they have a song
and it's a bellybutton song how's it go
it's my bed
my belly belly button is nothing cuz my
belly belly button Jenny something
something I've only showed you are there
your favorite youtuber yeah
oh really oh really there your favorite
youtuber are you sure about they are you
sure about that
you don't like my YouTube videos
okay so you do like my youtube videos
yes
better than rent links yes no you are
yeah that was really well Matt Andrews
teacher spoke in front of the class
actually for like 30 minutes about
YouTube and how I got to where I am and
all the work that goes into it and they
even invited me back in the future to
give more talks and I'm super excited
and it's all thanks to you guys you guys
got me to where I am and you guys gave
me the power of influence and I get to
spread positivity because of you so
thank you so much I know I say thank you
almost every vlog but but this time it's
a super thank you yay you saw my hair in
the video did you miss me how much that
much that's a lot stop everything
yes time we drink whoa I'm gonna cook it
down when I'm spit gonna go there but
I'm still going to go here don't know
what's up almost Christmas time alright
that was a whole bunch of nonsense I
don't play by the rules of the game so
they say I'm not caring but I'm trying
to find my way haha I'm gonna buy you a
car okay let's go yeah buy you a car I'm
gonna get you a query now yeah no yeah
right now no maybe good no I'm gonna get
you a car and then mommy can drive it
until you're big enough to drive it but
it can be your car okay don't tell her
it's your hey can I ask you a question
why you yeah why is that why
because you are let me see the cutest
face you can make you you're you're
really close to getting your new car
they're really close after much
deliberation I narrowed it down for
safety like the guy tech Malaya and
everything I have what I'm not talking
and excuse me I'm busy you keep going
please
I'm try thought goodbye okay no more
talking I'm just gonna show you
test-drive has begun why aren't you
driving I don't know Pete you're three
right so you have to be 16 to drive a
car so in 13 years this is yours
when's your birthday come
like a corner come better than this
second you want pink okay when when
you're old enough I'll get this car
painted pink okay
it's Malaya I know I see you you're shy
oh okay sorry go ahead go ahead
it's Malaya why keep saying you don't
know name
okay sorry go ahead go go don't like
it's Malaya no mommy big Casa okay why
she does need to be careful with your
god Andrew yeah you know I just bought
Malia a car
yeah I just bought our car and you know
who who who's next me nope
dad where we at right now Tesla yeah he
won't let me buy the car for him right
now but we'll see if we could talk them
into it okay just below that turn signal
stalk is another stalk on on your left
and just blow that
okay pull it towards yourself twice and
like a bit let go of the steering wheel
itself in the way then roll maintain
speed all my fantasy distance from the
vehicle in front of you ooh autopilot
the car of the okay this is your car in
the future
like tomorrow good
all right so you're summoning it and
what's gonna happen it's gonna move I
was gonna go up in Parbat yeah get out
of the way car it's just parking itself
cuz it's in the way nice no freakin way
I did it go get in okay are you ready
here we go
oh you like that hahahaha
I think I repeat a little bit Andrew you
think - you get the car yeah Malaya
should truly get the car so tomorrow
we'll get you the car yeah okay
what is this vlog if it hits a hundred
thousand likes then you have to let me
get you the car about a hundred fifty to
a hundred thousands already impossible
wait 150 come on ah okay 150 but that's
a London if I'm not gonna hit that
especially not in the first day I leave
on Sunday how about we give you reasons
that we you should let me get you the
car you're the best dad in the world
right oh you you you raised me you
raised me to be a youtuber so basically
it's it you you it's your fault that I
am a youtuber so you should let me give
you another reason you worked two jobs
all my childhood I'm not trying to cry
just a really good dad and we don't know
how
express it to you right Andrew is he the
best dad you ever had yeah me too
see is he the best grandpa you ever had
see
so okay 150 come on guys let's get it
let's get let's get the best dad in the
world a car with with the wings I go out
with doors like only this well the doors
look like Angela's North Carolina every
Tuesday and Thursday
you know basketball hahaha he's the best
player LeBron of the Filipinos it's good
to be home
welcome to the end of vlog talk had a
super fun day first day back with the
family right and now we're on day 2
let's get this vlog to 150,000 likes so
I could buy my dad a car he really does
deserve it he's the best dad and
grandfather anyone could ask for and I
really want to get it for him he's just
being a good dad by not letting me get
him the car but you guys can change that
as soon as this hit 150 even if it
doesn't hit 150 um by the time I leave
I'm gonna fly back just to get him the
car hey why are you laughing
stop no more laughing hey guys tomorrow
in the next vlog and until the end to my
favorite Duffy to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it laughs okay bye
