go go go what is would it be would it do
dog today today we have a special
surprise
guffy moose Snoopy have a new friend
named Doug hey you sitting in my
Christmas present come on massage chair
healing turn all for you here you go
people house that you like it is it
working you need to take some protein
shakes need to bulk up bro look at this
guy
look how sexy Doug is don't want to be
that sexy oh oh my gosh he looks like a
lowly adventurer going to the dog of
wisdom to seek his wisdom to finish his
quest
can I see your best impression of Doug's
face me yeah okay ready man ready three
two oh my gosh gummy you could squeeze
his face but it's not the same was your
turn
cartoon character
how will you sit there you guys are
posing with Doug hug take some notes
this is crazy house I'm not even looking
at the self control he's like new year
new me
this is like I don't know if you guys
know but I love Don that I'm just gonna
go over here and try to contain my
excitement you okay he done good
all right I couldn't even do this at
least Wow Doug looks like he could play
a dad role on a TV show yes
why are you a crazy person he's like
guys look at me look at me look what I
can do I'll give you attention I could I
attention hello hello not cool bro go go
go okay copy Aaron you got makeup you
dance now make dad proud
now that moose and guppy had their
little playdate it's time for mom and
dad to have double date number two in a
row we're about to go out two days in a
row that never happens we just stay home
sit around so we're about to meet up
with the other couple and then we're
gonna come back and I'm hook you up with
some of that new new merch I'm about to
show you the third out of four wasabi
hoodies that are coming out on that soon
so but right now daytime's okay it's
time we go now ladies let's go let's
make the moves that need to be made so I
came over to Suzy's in a t-shirt and a
nice jacket and Susie has informed me
that suits are next
okay okay let me show you what I mean
you your great figure to work with bro
and then look what we got a tape bow
so to get in we don't got time it's a
party bro double-date montage is
complete it's time to get you with some
of that new new merch you know we got
the gold you know we got the Salman and
now for the three it's great so we got
gold
Salman gray and tomorrow you find out
what the last one and then they
hopefully coming out this weekend for
sure oh yeah I think it comes because
it's cement guys I want a dog Lauren has
moose aaron has guppy but I played all
day with done the Pug seeing how they
are with their owners they're their
number one that's their person I may be
the uncle to guppy and the father to
moose but I'm not their number one
person and in order for that to happen I
need to get my own dog and that's gonna
happen
one day and when that day comes it's
gonna be a wiener dog I don't know I
I've always wanted a wiener dog I've
always liked the very long very small
topics maybe because they had a wiener
dog and Toy Story growing up I've seen
all the movies and they had a wiener dog
and I just I just always think they're
funny little guys so that will be my dog
one day but I made a promise to my
little brother that I would get him a
dog so that is number
priority in the next few months I'm
gonna try my best to get my family in
North Carolina a dog and then I could
figure out what I'm gonna do about my
puppy dog one day possibly hopefully
yeah I don't even know if I'm ready for
a dog it's a lot of responsibility so
we'll see what the future brings its
2018 anything's possible it could happen
it could happen that's all I got for you
guys today come back tomorrow to find
out what the last wasabi merch hoodie is
gonna be and trust me I saved the best
for last
this one is that hot spot yeah see you
guys tomorrow don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong
