are you ready for your present yeah I
really hope you like it I'm sorry what
what it is would it be would it dude oh
um I'm a mummy shooting uh the collab
with Lily I can't show anybody else's
costume except for mine that was Ben
with so it's a Halloween themed video
you're not scared of me be front a huge
like Halloween party and we're Neha yes
that's it the bad party tripping I'm a
mummy I could eat you right now our day
is complete there's a lot of things I
wasn't supposed to show you that I
couldn't tell you so I didn't show you
but it's all day because we let the head
home hmm the thing about being on set is
that you have to hurry up and wait ha ha
ha hey put your face huh you sit around
five hours get on set 30 seconds they
say go home you're done I know I didn't
upload a vlog yesterday but it's ok I
feel I was I was on set all day for
Lilly's video and now I'm here with some
other friends filming another video
before I go to North Carolina let me
introduce you
it's her and him ha ha Joanne Gio and
Bart is some were probably lifting heavy
things
hey man hello do you remember me yeah
oh my gosh there's another one me though
that's me low hum you love come here me
low honey move these guys are just
kidding films and this is their office
you see all the way back there this is
their office and then over there which
I'll show you in a little bit is another
office I'll give you guys a tour against
the chiller Kyle we need to step our
game up it's just me and Kyle I have one
guy this is where we can adopt it is
Bartram yeah okay
Mark's office is a ivory throw up very
nice very nice the conference room oh my
gosh the secret is oh look at the middle
of the metal board very fancy very fancy
you got costumes over here this is my
office / bedroom ah so Zen look at this
I could bamboo remove this and put a
table there but then but then you won't
have a bed there what do you have in
your room a treadmill yeah do you really
have a treadmill I knew it I know it and
the third is right there right you're
scary that's our safe spot look you you
and then what are you doing down here
that's a boy he's such a scaredy cat why
you being a scaredy cat you camera shy
under the table run away hey hey let's
be friends
you can't you can't fit into it you
can't oh you can't believe this is their
set it's right across the hall from
their offices and it's crazy this is
this crazy-ass crazy people this is
their whole team look how many Kyle's
they have have one Kyle they have like
10 Kyle's yes we've ever had on the
right new study whatever oh this is very
new on the first ever you know it's our
first day filming here ever ever
Wow oh I just call everybody Kyle you're
Kyle your call your car I'm used to call
my guy Kyle
so you guys you're Kyle you're Kyle
you're Kyle you're Kyle you're Kyle yeah
you're do your part and Joe and I Kyle's
look at all these cameras and then you
got them and then you got them look how
good that looks
my girlfriend's here yeah I missed you a
kiss those hab√≠an why hi Isaac
oh are you the brains behind just
kidding knows I never lost did you hire
all these all these pawns yeah what have
you ever cheated on a test not even a
little bit not in my office okay I'm not
a growing accident have you ever cheated
on a test one time on accident well I'm
honorable yeah yeah I get my back rate
honorably and a girlfriend what would
you look for we have to have teeth
probably all their adult teeth or do you
mind if they still have the baby teeth
would you rather have your girlfriend
that has candy or doesn't have candy oh
okay what about you what kind of guys
what do you look for in guys I like guys
that have candy okay got it
pick kind of kitty in the pocket check
guys have candy in their house check in
their fridge sign guys the hook any
other lovers what we are a perfect match
nice all day yesterday on set all day
today on set but I keep getting question
from you guys I keep checking my Twitter
throughout the day and I see that you
guys are wondering do you guys keep
asking for the giveaway the camera
giveaway I know you go to my Instagram
you have to post the picture that I
posted the giveaway picture and at on
next Sunday I'm going to randomly win a
scroll like a million times through it
on the photos of me and Instagram and I
got a pic one you're asking if you get
spam I don't mind if you spam Lika spam
as much as you want you can post
whatever you want it's all good
anything goes as like just go for it and
I will decide there's two those so
remember you have two chances to win so
keep posting also a lot of you saying
I'm not that you don't have instagrams
and you can't win it's okay the next
one's gonna be on YouTube is going to be
the youtube comment section but you kind
of have to have a Twitter because if you
win in the comments section I can't pick
you because if I do pick you that get
your address and yet to send it through
the comments areas gonna see it so I
need you to have a Twitter because when
I do do the Youtube version of it I'm
gonna say put your Twitter name so I can
tweet you in DM you to be following me
so that's kind of problem but we'll
figure it out when we get there
I gotta get back on set with these goofy
Gus's what sound does a comic
what sound as a Superman Meg Shh what
sound is a Lorna get today
this is go up this side that way try the
other way it's probably easier gonna go
down trying oh that's fun oh damn oh
it's your baby
yes Sony's a why don't you really like
this I go up make sure you frame out the
wall okay Jay you got it I gotta see you
do it ma let me zoom in your faces
you're so far so long goes out on
besides you look really nice very nice
hahahaha
after two long days of shooting we
finally made it back to the apartment
and I'm supposed to be getting ready for
the airport but I actually delayed my
flight till morning boom
because I love you and I got you a
present
are you excited for it yeah I got it for
you you're gonna I think you're gonna
like it I hope you like it
are you ready for your present
yeah I really hope you like it I'm gonna
actually let me play uh let me play
something for these guys put him back
put him back we don't have room no no
more stuffies
no now they feel what it is and they're
just as excited as I am to give it to
you so we all know what it is but you
don't know maybe I'll just give it to
you tomorrow are you gonna love it
forever yeah I'm gonna take care of it
oh yeah are you gonna feed it yeah
are you gonna walk it yeah I don't know
I don't know are you sure you won okay
all right here we go yes I see as I said
no you can't take it I ordered it in the
store yeah I did from Amazon it's Rex
you like it well yeah okay I trained him
to eat paper already it's currently like
late o'clock in the morning Lauren
Lauren it's time to go I do your
homework yeah the ball pit I didn't get
up clear head
yeah Barry I don't I already got buried
once Oh My glob
they're gone
Oh
I like don't know you're gonna come up
I don't know where he is oh there you're
completely gone still can't see you ah
oh right a little takeout
hey go ready he did it
yeah come again hey come again welcome
to the end of vlog talk I am currently
in North Carolina visiting my family on
the other side of the country
so tomorrow expect a family vlog and
Malia
they got I'm trying to say you're not
supposed to be here until tomorrow's
vlog now you're here now they see you on
my basket me kiss you no okay go away
you'll be in tomorrow's ball you silly
goose have a lot of stuff planned today
but before I could start the next log
have to finish this vlog my mind is
literally blown at how many people have
entered this giveaway for these two vlog
cameras this is crazy it's over 210,000
people have entered already I know that
sounds like a lot but don't worry
because there's gonna be another one
next week and the next week and then
next week I'm actually going to look for
a bunch of iPhone sevens hopefully I can
find them in North Carolina somewhere so
I can keep doing these giveaways because
you guys love them so much and I am so
glad that I finally am able to give back
to you guys for everything you've given
to me make sure to come back tomorrow
because in tomorrow's vlog I am buying
my sister a car her first car she's ever
had I'm going to get it right now so I
gotta finish this edit and I gotta go
see you guys tomorrow until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong okay
bye
