what it is would it be wooded to toe
last night you guys tweeted me and told
me that I hit 2 billion views in the
middle of that oh that's crazy
that's like like the whole world there's
only 2 billion people right huh I I said
these are all my views does your views
well versus you believe is right here I
viewed your channel to bleed time oh
thank you
CooCoo princess you did 199 million nine
hundred and ninety nine thousand and 999
this is out of date though no what do
you mean you what
yeah on a second channel before we
upgraded to this channel because you
guys are number one not number two we
were the cuckoo squad and she was the
cuckoo princess now you are
that was savvy princess let me explain
when I started vlogging everybody kept
saying I was the King and she was the
queen we're like ah that's a lot of
responsibility to be king and queen
let's just be the prince in the princess
so that's how we became the prince on
the princess so now it's wasabi Prince
wasabi princess no we're from different
kingdoms me I stopped trying to make it
weird
DIY Kingdom you scared me for one second
I was a cool Oh two billion super
exciting another exciting thing is I'm
about to do my first ever ever ever ever
ever ever ever ever ever ever ever live
stream on the main channel wasabi
productions for you guys the second
channel is all live stream all I do
YouTube that consoles copy all I do
there is live stream occasionally post
like a montage of what's been going on
here over there but now I'm going to do
a live stream here the first time I'm
going to film the behind the scenes of
what's going down oh sorry
a in this staircase you will see all
those mystery boxes you'll finally find
out what they are right now on the live
stream it's gonna be dope you guys do
not know what just happened in the last
four hours
I always watch the live stream or if
you're here I'm going to be extremely
sore tomorrow
I'll give you guys a little sneak peek
of what's happening with sabe Wednesday
I didn't show the livestream downstairs
but I'll show you guys downstairs that's
just the bottom of the stairs
that's not even around the side these
are all the empty boxes now are you
leaving yeah I'm gonna watch the
presidential would be hi man thanks for
it thanks for stopping by
tell mrs. Claus we said hi oh okay
I lost something about a week or two ago
but I recently found it the gia flux
delete delete it you little oooh oh yes
oh yes I think you get stuff for every
toy you order I don't know about that
oh speaking of toys check this out I
bought a bunch of scooters this one is
mine this one is for friends that are
over because there's always so many
people here so if I want to go scooter
glad to go somewhere I could bring an
army nice congratulations on being on
the training page yeah yeah she's been
wanting to be on the training base for
so long and it finally happened so proud
of you you what's that tricks is on
training page what if his barracks on
the training page that doesn't sound
like a good enough reason the
celebration since you're on the train
right at the risk throwing up by kissing
bear-bear yes oh good luck
we did a lot of work and we decided it's
time to celebrate with ice cream Aaron
why are you so scared go no more
scaredy-cat go go fast fast full speed I
am keep going
oh very good
where's bear bear that's here
whoa I don't cruelty up in here it's
closed about you know what you're like I
have a lot of muscles you're like you
have a lot of muscles you know that we
know much muscle in here in so long
Lauren is learning a dance choreography
thingy okay I think a good dancer
show some moves go got chicken in your
lineup she's learning the dance where
because she's one of the main people in
the video it's a cloud with Lily
halloween-themed Lucy's in it swoozie is
in it Timothy DeLaGhetto is in it
there's a bunch of other people I don't
want to ruin anything else it's gonna be
super cool I'm super excited to be part
of it and I'm super glad that most of us
quaggans to be in except for Dietrich's
he's he's he's out of town but it's okay
he would make us look bad anyways he's
like an Emmy award-winning dancer ya
hear Vegas look so bad
you know how much muscle it takes to
carry an entire bear on your shoulder
you're lucky I'm the strongest person
all I'd world hey I'm bumping him up you
show them another dance move don't run
again no chicken egg a little and market
no chicken though you waddle just do a
suddenly he did he do one move okay okay
okay okay okay I see you I see you I see
your sin there's something I've been
wanting to talk to you guys about my
vlogs are different a lot of people say
oh why don't you do normal vlogs want to
do vlogs like everybody else
because I don't want to some people fly
drones some people do cinematic shots
some people do short vlog some people do
really long vlog some people do serious
vlogs my blogs are meant to make you
smile I like to think that when you're
watching my vlogs you're coming to hang
out with me so I like to do fun things I
like to do cool things I like to get new
toys and show you guys I do experiments
I like to do challenges I like to do
DIYs how you do cool things to make you
guys a day a little bit better that's
why my vlogs aren't really normal vlogs
DIY vlogs
there's challenge vlogs there's
experiment vlogs there's ah
cheechee vlogs live streams so like
we're hanging out in real time and then
there's like travel vlogs I know I used
to do regular vlogs but so many people
like everybody's doing vlogs now and
they're all the same so I wanted to
change it up a little bit the new people
if you're new here then you click on a
video that says DIY gummy Halloween
brain you think it's just gonna be that
but I think it's even better because you
get to see what I did the whole day
around that so you get to hang out with
us and see the challenge so I hope I see
a lot of you upset but that's only
because you're new you'll get used to it
the rest of us wasabi ins we know what
the deal is we know what it is would be
able to do and you gonna learn today ok
get back to work
yes dance it buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
it's a bit about that chicken
Bevis balls hashtag bad words both
welcome to the end of vlog talk now to
get to the good part
you guys all told me a million times on
Twitter when I did live stream yesterday
I forgot to mention the giveaway well
here it is right now I am giving away
two blog cameras I accidentally ordered
two blog cameras like a month ago and
they weren't the ones I want but there's
still really good cameras now I'm going
to be giving both of them away via
Instagram so this is what you got to do
make sure you give this vlog a big
thumbs up make sure you're subscribed
and then at some point today probably
tonight I am going to post a picture on
Instagram all you have to do is take
that picture and repost it on your
Instagram with the hashtag wasabi
giveaway and I will randomly select
somebody next Sunday under my tagged
pictures let me show you next Sunday
when I choose the winner I'm going to go
to my Instagram Alex wasabi I'm going to
click photos of you and I'm going to
pick one of the pictures that you guys
reposted and tagged me in with the
hashtag wasabi giveaway so there you
have it guys the first giveaway of many
good luck right now we'll catch up with
Lauren Lilly and the whole squad and go
film this clap for Lilly video and then
tomorrow I have another club and right
after that I'm going back to North
Carolina to hang out my family so get
ready for some epic family blogs
see you tomorrow until then do me a
favor and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
