my brain broke what what it is would it
be what it dodo everybody's coming over
right now because they're about to join
me and watch me play basketball a game
that I haven't played in several several
months I don't know why I'm playing I'm
gonna do horrible but it's for a good
cause
so prepare to be entertained at bad
basketball skills unless I do really
good I could get really good right right
no what do you think the odds would be
doing really good I bet in the world I'm
playing so long you'll do good
oh that's how it works yeah I guess
we'll see how this goes then tonight I
have a dope DIY it's actually I already
have some of it prepared ready to go
yeah yeah just wait just wait I got the
whole spot here without everybody here
and I just want to know that I'm not
gonna do good but I think with the power
of friendship and and and support then
then maybe I'll be a bit up I'll be a
good basketball every single garbage no
you wanna see me play okay okay
see this is why we're gonna fail because
we need the weak link my head is about
how many shots is gonna take him to get
that test they might all be layups but
I'm gonna go ten alright maybe eat oh
look at the part after 20 minutes of
driving we finally made it here go wait
in the car I already had the Peas you
gotta pee here are some water oh my god
I must appear dressed get a waterfall go
go go straight oh yeah nod we know is
Kimsey
I'm nothing TMZ's here waiting for you
to pee yeah bro you know me bro yeah
this is a high school ioans for the road
team we always come informed we're at
the gym
Delhi Westminster yeah yeah Westminster
high school religious and fair school
but they brought us to the men's locker
room so I could change out and my
cheerleaders can get in their uniforms I
haven't been to a high school locker
room and forever this is so all I
remember doing these to the left then to
the right and to the left again and then
you pull it okay that was not right
that's cool
hey if you go this high school
Westminster and this is your locker I
touched it
oh why did I touch it what is that you
need to clean your locker through nine
for us gross thank you for driving the
other car because we needed two cars for
all the support that was good time I did
but it doesn't work anymore what there's
a crown up on top you can't reach that
look at it I can reach that go ahead
then
okay rice key reach it it's right there
on the left
oh yeah okay oh all right well that's
that's a little extreme how much of Isis
400 am I gonna steal any
Oh huh oh yes oh that's good I like five
five is good that's good what do you
think what you think what am I gonna
score
nine nine okay okay I'll take it I'll
take it I'll take it up take it a ticket
how much about score guys ah eight good
seven Hey I'm either good numbers I'm
just glad you guys are thinking that I'm
going to score more than once or I'm
going to score it all cash your question
now what can I show you does I look like
evolved into turtle right wait oh yeah I
got you at 11 points 11 okay okay that
means I'm gonna get felled and I'm gonna
have to make free-throw I got your or
maybe I'll make a 312 yeah winner to
save dinner why oh okay then I'm gonna
say you're gonna get one point then the
truth comes out okay okay what we're
gonna make a new rule ready watch me
Paul right now must be score a million
points I'm gonna get you one hold up
Oh
boy
Wow
they're trying to solve it over my phone
again okay all right hey guys good right
there right there that white vehicle
right there there there there
surrounding it actually
I ended up scoring seven points I got
three steals and I got one block I think
did I walk into the bucket
good luck Annie yeah no I did I did a my
CD yeah I did okay but they said that
they have a power 106 charity battle
game every Thursday so I'll make sure to
tweet and vlog if I'm gonna go to
another one you guys can come and say hi
I'm probably not gonna bring my friends
anymore because they shut down the game
I'm litter I'm more lit litters no I
left the game and then all the guys
let's go five minutes before the game
ended and the audience left they shut
down the game and security grabbed us
and pulled us out and we're all trying
to get to the cars rice is trying to get
in the crowd and we're like wrong way
right I even lost Lauren for a little
bit which I feel really bad about I'm
sorry it was adrenaline I was trying to
get her to the car
I was trying to hi hi guys hi take a
picture okay they said next time if we
come they're gonna up security not
because we don't meet you guys it was
just like hectic like getting to the car
people were climbing on top of the car I
don't know if I got any clogged that was
good I can't remember so much adrenaline
like so many things are happening at
once except for a celebratory dinner he
had a chicken pasta guys no fighting
okay why that she really didn't find out
she are you fighting right now okay good
no upset about the other thing
I know don't worry about it dude get out
of your mind shake it off let me see you
shake it off there you go you feel
better okay well bigger a little a
little more you feel better okay there
had a celebratory meal I wasn't the
healthiest but okay I'm celebrating also
I didn't run three miles today but I
played in a full-out basketball game and
I played a lot I don't know how much she
blog did but I played a lot so I think
okay per day tomorrow I will I am
running 100%
I can't miss tomorrow with tomorrow
Friday and then Saturday that's a week
then a giveaway starts on Sunday every
week you guys get something every week
if I makes the run if I make my goal so
I need your motivation tweet me make
sure I'm pushing hard when i when i
snapchatted be like hey I'm up and down
the court today what I've been running I
was running fast is all your body being
excreted in your keyword audit you'll be
just putting a little piece a true
friend isn't gonna give you full well I
I know I I okay look so so when you're
out of me eat bad and not run oh you're
let me eat bad and run
whatever exactly yeah but but isn't it
better to at least run and fill you bad
than it is to not run no I know but it
cancel each other out at least it's not
two negatives it's one negative and a
positive and a pebble down run three
miles and then you think that you earn
more jump suit so they can eat oh you
know what I go say that you know what I
got to say that yeah it is currently
4:00 in the morning I've only slept like
an hour and I have to go to the airport
in like ten minutes before I go on say
something or another gummy DIY okay this
is a I don't of is ready because I put
this in a night a couple of hours ago
and then I took a look a little baby nap
before this air flight for this point so
all dates ready I'll be ready
whoa oh I don't bring up gelatin I
didn't put enough gelatin
this is the girls this is more Gersten
Oh
oh my gosh I don't know if you could
tell but this my friends is a gummy
heart I can't tell us well you can see
better the Sun to do to do to do that's
a heart that is a gummy heart that fell
apart you broke my heart guys you broke
my heart but I wish you could see this
better you know I was making this
yesterday before I was asleep and I was
thinking oh that's not good I was
thinking why not make some more brain
soup
blue brain gentle careful careful
oh my brain broke my Brian broke nah
oh this one right here this one right
here this one right here this was a
champion champion champion champion but
I'm not gonna destroy this well I told
my brother he could have it for a
special video he's doing so make sure to
follow and subscribe to him because I
don't remember that what it is but it's
gonna be job goodbye my heart friends oh
I don't have use every squish gel on
your hands but kinda gross oh oh my gosh
oh oh that's gross
okay I'm making a mess now there you
guys have it
DIY gummy hearts now I'll able to pick a
flight and I'm bringing you guys along
with me come man ah wait this is to take
me to the airport
you sure okay this is okay yeah I mean
who else you see you just me all right
cool
okay uh I really works for me I guess I
have some long legs but I don't have to
that long oh haha oh oh
this is cool all of these lights what
this is a ha what's it in I'm carrying
out Kenny
nice to meet you they keep freaking me
up I love your gravy gives your backpack
just my backpack welcome to the end of
vlog talk pretty much don't you edit and
I'm at the airport and I want to take a
second to I talk to you guys I want to
thank you guys for all the support
everything I do everything that you see
me doing is because of you I'm only able
to do it because of you because it's
already given a love show and all that
all that good stuff I know I saved a lot
but thank you come back turn Emma for
all these vlogs and stick with me
through the transition and staying by my
side
what mistakes I make
and all the achievements I just want to
thank you everything that happens to me
is is for you guys and because of you
guys
thank you dying on this flight I'll see
you guys tomorrow something equally as
dope as the gummy heart and until then
to me favor don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling oh that's me okay bye
