what what it is would it be what it do
Joe
transit is departing next door gates c52
to see 66
this is us oh my gosh this is mine
Hey
Hey
huh it is cute
don't lick the plane okay don't lick the
bed
good job done
done that's not the color of my shirt
it's sweat you I've decided that doing a
giveaway once a month it's not enough I
gotta do it once a week because a month
less 30 30 days three day three miles a
day that's nine miles so every 90 miles
I Drive away that's too much but if I do
it every week 21 miles that that's going
to keep you motivated so be on the
lookout for the first wasabi giveaway
coming to the one you're sweating you
know must weigh that much I know
it's cuz I haven't worked out forever so
my body's like oh yes get rid of all of
it please relay Confucius all the cover
life from Paris coming out now that the
workouts complete it's time to go to the
streamys if you don't know the streamys
is an award show for internet creators
I've never been before but I'm super
excited this time because I get to sit
at my at a table with all my friends
it's the whole squad I got fuzzy d-trix
me Lauren swoozie and Lily
so it's give me a lot of fun and I'm
gonna be the live streaming at it by the
time this comes out the live stream will
already be up on my second channel go
check it out youtube.com slash Alex
wasabi to see all the fun I haven't even
live streamed yet but I know to be a lot
of fun I'm over here at fuzzies place
completely ready I got my clothes on I
got everything I got my stew ready I got
my Chargers I got everything for the
live stream ready to go and he is still
in bed waiting to the last second as
always have you had any lunch can you go
wake up Busey he's gonna we're gonna be
late we're gonna be late okay you're
done
go
go mission accepted go get her
Go Go dusters go go go go the hallway
yes look at you I'm about to get my
makeup kid now you might be thinking oh
you make a bed can't you make up they
can't get makeup especially for award
shows almost every guy you see on camera
has makeup on right it's true it's true
believing so you have a lot of work to
do I have a very blank ugly canvas and
if you just cover if you made me look at
another person I'd be great okay makeup
complete I'm beautiful right I'm
beautiful where's your clothes I love
you wearing that's it
Oh what he's wonderful according to
statement tonight ha ha chi Chi Chi Chi
don't be mad I know I was gone for a
week but I had to take Lauren to Paris
but I'm back now
I got you a new cage I gotcha no cage I
gotta go to the award show but I will be
back to build your new cage I promise
it's huge it's way bigger than this
before heading out to the streamys I
just got a package from YouTube
come in uh huh guys very nice do you get
this oh yeah I know what is it just not
really nice speakers it feels heavy
enjoy that iPhones headphones yeah hey
hey youtube haha why is it so low what
do you I was I was opening the box but
now move it up what you wanna say to
YouTube since they sent this will
probably watch the B thank you video so
let's make a thank you video um ah Mikey
keep it like like nice musical versus
which sounds more genuine okay maybe a
low pandit like a little pandan okay
okay look through here and pair of all
the controls some fun go youtube we just
want to say thank you so much for always
investing in the youtuber community yes
my heart is 90% YouTube because YouTube
over everything
don't tell Lauren and 10% love to me
thank you
don't tell Lauren mostly Lauren buddy
Jake's a little bit way I thought we're
sorry excuse me
best friends no we are but I mean they
don't what D track were you talking
about it's not my way we're all rocking
black on black on black on black guys
everybody's rocking black on black never
touch you yeah just looking back all of
us who blacked out hi semi you look
beautiful also hello you look beautiful
now we just go get my girl you look
beautiful too
oh my gosh what is this Dean
Oh oh my gosh boozy you know how much
better we look with these three girls
with us we look so cool hey squad we're
two people missing news missing
hi I know I keep I passed out like three
times already
hey Deb
my second is deserted okay because I've
been running three miles a day like it
because I focus a lot of course I can't
forget those yet but when I do appealing
James Boyd will speak KC
it should have been Lauren best caught
on YouTube you got theatrics use it
warned me Lilly's losing weight nice she
would represent
I hate to say something to do it's like
a real thing that we had in magoffin I
did it oh I like it it looks good it's
really you look like you're like yeah
okay you're ready to say better said but
it's like six months away winners winner
- every time I go out of town for a long
period of time like I did to Paris I get
all kinds of weird I sleep for fourteen
hours then I'm up for like 20 hours and
then I'm sleeping for like two hours
then I can't sleep and then that vlog is
all off and all this crazy stuff happens
and it sucks cuz especially when you get
back you have to catch up on everything
that you were supposed to be doing when
you're gone so then it's just it's
hectic so I'm vlogging and has been
slacking but I'm bigging it back up
today and I'm gonna start with building
GG's new cage chichi
it's time to make you a new cage it's
gonna be bigger and better and stronger
and cooler and sexier and all that good
stuff but if you want to watch it you
have to go to my livestream on my second
channel because I'm gonna livestream it
there I know I know
I'm not watching the wasabi Wednesday
video like I usually do every Wednesday
no I'm not I'm building you a cage
because I love you before completed
first off it's like six years is taller
and it's a lot wider and the platforms
are bigger and you don't need all this
unnecessary hay because these are
platforms you just take out and clean
and put them back in and GG loves it
right
how's chichi
even Newhouse you've a mansion this
isn't even like a house not a department
it's not a condo it's not a townhouse
it's a house house it's a mansion you
have not gone upstairs yet I think she
has to wait till nighttime because
daytime she's nocturnal at night times
you'll be jumping around having a ball
you're welcome chichi you are welcome in
this vlog I've already ran through I've
ran nine miles in this vlog because it's
been three days three days and then also
I went to the streamys and then now we
spent an hour building this on the live
stream on the second channel check it
out and you can watch it in double speed
so you watch it 30 minutes instead of an
hour and now time for the dope epicness
of the awesomeness of the dope dopes
that's just two pieces she broke it did
really get away what are you doing with
your life right ITT what are you doing
here how are you good miscarries okay
you're taking too long to eat leave
something behind to fast-forward it
well she's full okay you keep exploring
you did really did work though you did
work now is mommy you've all been
waiting for I am going to make what I've
been talking about I'm gonna make for
quite some time
I've gummy bring how it's coming up and
you know you're gonna have some gummy
brains if you don't have to be bracing
you're doing it wrong let's get started
first you got to get your water boiling
when you Oh Oh nope not ready when you
get that done you put this guy in here
but without the box and then you put the
gelatin in without the thingy container
and then you fill this up and make a
dope dope brain add it in the jello and
now it's time to add in the gelatin uh
yeah I don't know how much to put and
I've never made this before something
like this so we're just gonna have to
figure this out together
I hope this might be too much oh no
that's not it
oh no oh no oh that's kind of gross
oh no what did I do Oh My glob what did
it ah Oh mistakes were made mistakes
were made
this is what it looks like when you mess
up but hopefully enough of the gelatin
dissolved to make this work out for us
because you know that'd be good times
for everybody this can be really messy
wait it could work out here we go
okay okay okay okay it really wanted
this oh it must be this it's I think I
burnt it over gosh I don't know exactly
what to do with this I don't know if the
refrigerator will help or if I just
lettuce it out but I'm thinking
refrigerator right yeah that took a lot
longer than expected
I believe the other fridge or overnight
haven't checked yet so let's see yeah
let's see if it worked
oh I get it out so you slam it oh my
gosh okay here we go here we go Oh made
a problem
okay making progress
oh come haha go on God God God
good okay they were here to peel it out
doesn't smell good it's not smell good
yet I think I burnt it actually I think
I burnt it when I was cooking this is a
brain anyways perfectly good the gelatin
that clump together
looks like more brain Oh what what I
don't know what to do no wow this is
solid I might have put too much gelatin
I can't even break it if I wanted to
yeah this is cool we need to cut it and
I'm gonna start at the occipital lobe
and make my way back down to the
Abdullah wall gotta
okay maybe not this much gelatin next
time it let's go so let's go so gate
looking like this okay we need some help
taste test if it takes anything like it
smelled not excited about it display a
plus taste f- good you taste disgusting
you making me look weak yeah take that
yes Brawn's over brains and there you
have you my friends DIY gummy Halloween
brain nice I was gonna make other colors
but this took a lot longer than I was
gonna take but don't worry because I
have another mold that is just as dope
as the brain and I'll post this tomorrow
just wait
just wait ah yes now it's time for the
end of welcome to the end of vlog talk
that come easy DIY blew my mind I can't
believe it worked out so well little
less gelatin next time which will be
tomorrow make it something else it can
be dumb can't wait to show you guys and
don't forget there's gonna be a giveaway
every week I think it's gonna be Sundays
so wasabi giveaway every Sunday and I've
been on track running the three miles
every day for seven days and you know
every time I do that I do a giveaway so
Sunday get ready because it's gonna be a
giveaway vlog camera giveaway
announcement this Sunday then I give it
away next Sunday and also on that next
Sunday I start another one so every week
there will be another one for you guys
to enter in I don't know I'll probably
do Instagram for one week and then
Twitter another week and then YouTube
another week and I'll just keep going
and going and going and going until I'm
completely broke also keep your eyes
open for my app the donut dazzle app
because I have some new things coming
out with it me and the team have been
working really hard on it to make it
super awesome and we have some cool
stuff coming out especially for like
around the holidays so get ready
uh and very soon very soon less than a
month away big announcement it's coming
now I have to go get ready because I
have a celebrity basketball game I'm
playing in in just a couple hours and
everybody's come in who's you come in
Rice's come in Laurens come in Aaron's
come in we're all going to be super fine
so make sure come back tomorrow for
celebrity basketball game and another
dope dope DIY see you guys then until
then do me a favor don't forget remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye
