what what it is would it be would it
dude oh it's our last day in Paris but
it's all good cuz we're gonna go out wit
up with a bang cuz we're about to rent
our first ever lower ex moped are we
gonna ride around Harry just look at
that Hilary Duff movie where she like
had that twin pop star singer I remember
the name of it but that's basically what
we're gonna be you know what what's
funny you completely trust me on the
scooter I've probably written a scooter
maybe ten times in my life but that was
over three years ago they said if have
experience it's fine and I do have
experience she's been a long time since
that experience was had just hold on
time okay you hold on that and it's our
baby
what gross is there any way to fit like
a bear bear in there a little stuffed
animal you put it in there you last one
yeah smullin oh darn it darn it
we need a little helmet them's your
helmets baby this is this is good be
your home inside go snow febre going on
sides nope sorry live again I don't I
look like a big marshmallow head
a q-tip they recommend that chicken
tender practices a little bit before
chicken nugget gets on the back delicate
here we go all right
oh my god
yeah good ah here here we go we've run
into a little scuffle apparently the key
fell out of my pocket to our apartment
when we were mope heading scootering
around
that's our apartment that's the hallway
so I'm going from there to there because
there's a spare key let's do this don't
do this at home
I'm sayin it's fine look at the camera
mother the wasabi ins are downstairs
then let's say s I'm coming
assume like this chicken leg about me
enough danger for today it's time for a
moped montage
you
goodbye my friend
you have served as well until next time
gonna put your hand on my fat fine go
put that my fat you only got a little
bit of days left
oh yeah you like it oh my gosh it looks
like a sideways bitch oh you haven't
leave it in time my friend limited time
get the wasabi in those 10 iPhone 7
boo-boo goodbye apple tower till next
time
okay so where do you recognise me from I
saw a video here on YouTube what are
they doing
you were rapping with a swollen face
beefing embarrass they know about my
wisdom teeth freestyle I get I get asked
that question all the time are you the
guy that you were drugged up and you got
your wisdom teeth taken out of rap do
what you think is a good freestyle yeah
I wasn't blonde yeah yeah yeah this is
new looking
thank you welcome to the end of vlog
talk Lauren and I just finished editing
and packing and getting everything done
it's 2:00 in the morning we have a
flight in two hours so we're going to
sleep for two hours after I finish this
vlog real quick and upload it and then
it's back to America tomorrow you get
the entire week of Paris in one montage
coming at you I'm going to edit it on
the plane and then and then it's all
yours as soon as I get back home I'm
going to sleep for about 16 hours and
then get straight back into filming and
editing I have so many ideas that I'm
ready to film and edit for you guys so
be on the lookout keep your eyes open
because I'm about to drop some dope dope
also tomorrow is the first day of my new
three mile a day plan three miles a day
tomorrow yeah three miles a day everyday
for a month after every month if I
complete it I get to give you guys
something and it's going to be super
dope and super worth it
can't wait to get started I'm so tired
see you guys tomorrow and until then do
me a favor don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
it's cue me
mmm okay bye
