it's elixir but you like the mud we made
it finally here we did it we did it we
did it we didn't sleep that much last
night Phil little jet-lagged but it's
okay cuz we're at Disneyland now super
excited oh my gosh we're here we made
the baby yeah you ready okay this is the
entrance to Disneyland here it's a lot
different than the entrance in Anaheim
yet actually go through this building
like through a tunnel through this
building to get there which is dope
let's make Adam moves I forgot that it's
Halloween almost everything's Halloween
themed ah there's the castle there it is
whoa okay Castle lies I think Disney oh
my Paris wins hello Walt thank you for
creating all these beautiful parks
around the world because Lorex is gonna
travel to all of them don't do that no
this is Disney Walt Disney okay yeah you
can pet you live in the bathroom yes
hey chocolate croissant from Paris
Disneyland is so good I'm gonna be back
when we leave because I'm definitely
eating at least four of these they don't
have that in California
is this the most excited you ever been
oh no I have really let myself go put
him back put him back we don't have room
no no more stuffy's no this is bells
castle from Beauty and the Beast
Sleeping Beauty's castle is in
California and in Florida Orlando at
Disney World
they have Cinderella's castle isn't it
the bit of princess dope dope dope dope
dope I feel kind of intrusive coming
till his kid's room
whoa Pirates of the Caribbean
Paulito Caribbean is better here isn't
it yeah I agree
here you whoa that's a big bun yeah we
can touch the but it's hitting the but
you look the bun are Disneyland has
Tarzan this one has what is it
Robinson cabin only no that is but it's
still great dope it's still pretty dope
what is this where is all the broken
plates and the Tarzan area where the
monkeys played this is not right I
messed this up a little bit
oh it's stuck I can't even mess it up
appearances is so much better at being
creepy
oh my gosh I can't see anything
Space Mountain the ultimate test this is
the best ride in Disneyland California
so let's see what it is here it's really
intense already
we're definitely going to like outright
I can't tell okay that was better than
the Disney one I did not expect that at
all so far Pirates of the Caribbean and
space down have defeated Disneyland
California that we challenged hold s
embattled like in our new villain does
not go upside down and like a whoo-ha
Buzz Lightyear laser battle whatever is
called she defeated me pretty badly in
America but didn't Betty I shall become
Victor it's going down girl you have to
lose you I'm not even gonna blog this
cuz I'm taking this very seriously I'm
not losing again what happened what
happened
oh that's a good score but it's not a
hundred and fifty I feel like gonna
weigh already i holstered it hey hey no
pew pew pew pew pew pew
you want to use years ago on w1 yeah
okay one two three
okay I don't know what that was what
song is this from tell me right now come
oh thank gosh if you didn't get that out
of it like oh my gosh the beginning what
you think what's your overall thoughts I
like it too it's actually smaller than
Disneyland it is I like it the rides are
a couple of rides are better now we just
got to compare Walt Disney Studios to
California Adventure
Wessel sab runge here hungry Oh touch it
who's this hey man what a bust for me I
am never in algebra best friend P not
calm down calm down
peanut calm down shh-shh peanut you're
making mommy upset I heard that the
three best rides are in this park rush
ride from Finding Nemo ratatouille which
most people say is the best one and then
there's Hollywood tower terror which we
will go to and a couple hours because I
just ate and I will throw up on your
face in your mouth we decided the crest
ride was not for us because it's very
spinny and topsy-turvy
it look that's what it is right there
that's what we'll be doing and we would
be deed what this is their cars ride one
point California Adventure hey before we
get on the Hollywood Tower tear you
wanna see something cool
look I am
and that
come on what is that oh yeah good yeah
come over she might try to get foot of
Hollywood's ardor but they actually stop
the ride and went over later commented
sir please put your camera away so could
I get that but I don't think it was as
high as the one I don't think is as high
as ours and more time so yeah no I don't
think so I think those shorter - I would
give the point to Disneyland California
but they're actually taking it out of
the park they're actually closing down
Hollywood California
Hollywood territory cowboy so point
Disneyland Paris by default
Oh
not coming
Charizard in there Rex
why where I let me take a few more okay
yep get in there like get really in
there oh yeah that's good that's good
well wait one more one more
yeah I got it good good Matt Matt this
is a whole land dedicated to Toy Story
Disneyland California has the bug's life
one but safe to say Disneyland Paris
point finally time for the final ride of
the day before we head back and it is
the infamous ratatouille ride hope it's
as good as ever says you care for my
dear Obama no simple Armand teach simple
that's it
careful or in the oven or under the cart
we're not crazy look the wheel this is
cool it's a scream of meter screen
monitors scream oh what he's so good did
it let me see let me see
whoa you broke it good Wow I have come
to a realization I am the most out of
shape I have been in years I've worked
out in three months that is the longest
I've gone without working out in years
and years and years I get tired and out
of breath going up the elevator now
it used to be stairs but now it's the
elevator that's when you know you have a
problem so I have come up with a
solution what will get me motivated and
back in the gym
could it be buying myself a new car buy
myself a new toy buying myself this or
that or this or that and I realized
that's not that's not going to help me I
can I can just do that if I want to
that's not that's not gonna motivate me
to get in the gym
what does motivate me is you guys you
guys are always pushing me you guys are
always helping me make the right
decisions your comments your guidance
your advice your opinions those are
things I super value so when I came up
with with the help of my friend phousi
actually he helped her we had a little
brainstorming session is the goals that
I set for myself will actually be for
you guys every day I will run three
miles three miles every day and every
time I do that for entire month I will
give you guys something my goal will be
to work hard so that I can give you guys
something that will be
the biggest motivation I can think of I
know this will be huge for me I'm gonna
be in shape I'm gonna be in the best
shape I've ever been in because I make
videos for you guys I make videos to
make you guys happy I work every single
day every single vlog every all these
hours editing for you guys so now that
you guys are my fitness goal I'm about
to get in shape starting the day I get
back to LA October 2nd I'll be running 3
miles a day if I do that until November
2nd that will be a full month and I'll
be giving away something huge then it
starts over another month give away
something huge then it starts over
another month give away something huge
buy something huge I mean give away like
10 iPhone sevens giving away ten canon
g7x mark two cameras and just sending
them out to you guys and just back back
back but you get one you get one you get
one you get one I've never been this
excited to workout doing it for you guys
it'll make me happy I'll make you happy
to make everybody happy I'm super
excited about it I don't even I figured
out everything yet I'm so bad
can you breathe I'm so out of breath
okay I don't even know what the next
couple months are gonna be probably
iPhone sevens cameras maybe the third
month or something I'll do like a huge
meet-and-greet where I get to meet you
guys which will be a big treat and that
will actually be a gift for me to meet
you guys
annalee gif you they'll be great okay
all right I'm gonna show you I'm gonna
show you here we go oh is the end of a
bad day I apply even pasta three times
today
ice cream creme brulee I've eaten some
bad things hold on
I'm definitely good bye my friend it's
time for you to go back super excited to
take this transformation journey with
you guys I've been looking for something
to motivate me for the last couple
months because I just have not been
wanting to get in the gym
I kind of blame Warren further hey once
you find your girlfriend or boyfriend or
whoever you're with then you just don't
you
lose motivation to work out because
you're like oh I don't have to work out
I found I found the person I'm with so
is you know what I wear you out so it's
kind of orange fault it's okay because I
found new motivation and you guys I'm
excited to take this this transformative
journey with you guys but I'm gonna take
a little break on this vlogging uh for
like ten minutes cuz I'm out of breath
my stomach hurts I gotta lay down and
then I will do that in a blog doc
welcome to the end of blog talk if you
are counting Disneyland Paris head six
and Disneyland California head to so the
winner is Disneyland California because
I rep California all-day Disneyland
California is my home so they get a five
point lead we'll see if the other
Disneyland and Disney worlds can match
up I don't feel like born you guys at
the end of vlog talk so let me hit you
with a little montage sneak peek bow
you
Oh
hope you guys enjoy that I can't wait to
take this fitness journey with you guys
and if you're wondering why I'm wearing
this helmet it's because we rented a
moped and we're going to ride all around
Paris so expect a moped montage tomorrow
and then the next day you get a full
montage a full video montage the entire
Paris trip I've been saving footage from
all the vlogs that some I didn't even
put in the vlog so I'm saving it for it
so get ready for dat see you guys
tomorrow until then do me a favor and
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong
Oh
