with Ron Ron over here Aaron and
Veronica I say Ron Ron hashtag Ron Ron
what it is would it be what it dude oh
oh you noticed
hmm very interesting I know you've seen
me wear this hoodie and I know you know
that it's not in stores it's not Alex
wasabi dot-com but I think it's finally
ready in stores hopefully by next
weekend we got you the limited-edition
wasabi gold hoodie
oh good oh let me get full-body for you
coming on that spoon spoon trust me
you're gonna want it it's dope it feels
dope and you might have some brothers
and sisters coming out in stores along
with him now today I got a package I
kind of opened it a little bit but I
didn't open this box you to whenever
they send you something you know it's
gonna be on that dope dope but I already
have most of my plaques what could this
be
what could oh there's a letter okay I'm
not gonna look at what it is you guys
don't look at it what it is let's just
look at the envelope first okay here we
go
I sneaked it okay here we go
the channel you've created we're in all
the videos you made an incredible
relationships you've built with your
fans these connections are what make
youtube thrive we want to give you a
little someday say thanks for all that
you do okay here we go we go we go we go
four three two one what is this whoa
wait wait wait
it says the side reductions we see this
it says YouTube I see that that's
picture of me but what are these words
who else you just been watching hey are
these comments from my videos people
definitely comments for my videos I love
how I like super happy
Wow wow this is dope this is dope
ok where we gonna put it ok I'm time
around no that's what a diamond wait you
shouldn't go on top I don't know I need
some professional help yo I need your
help I need your wisdom check this out
what this is that is a million
subscriber o'clock what that one is that
is a hundred thousand subscriber play
and what that one is that his errands
yeah so where should I put this one that
you should just send I was wondering the
same for mine I think on top or bottom
it just depends cuz in like a couple
months I'm gonna hit the diamond and you
got
can i play 7ya Kasabian's going strong
but where do we put this guy I think no
no I think it goes with this I put on
top and then diamond on the bottom so I
think it's tougher Bob job for hoop
interest or or I could just call my real
life interest girlfriend and then
laurdiy guppy I'm not trying to redesign
I just need to know top or bottom you're
making this difficult
whoa I need your expertise No okay go
three two one go look at you hey he's
right next to her what are you talking
about that you do you look super cute
don't take it off until I see you again
mm-hmm and I have one question real
quick okay so you got I got this right
you see that
so should I put it on top or bottom cuz
the diamond plot going somewhere okay
okay okay okay okay sounds good thank
you for your your your wisdom and enjoy
your video
oh you look you girl if you wouldn't
have a boyfriend
I just keep you up in a mini retweet
okay bye now here we go here we go here
we go here we go and bam that was good
yeah I like it diamond the wasabi is
coming for you be ready now that we've
figured out the interior design of my
YouTube wall let's get back to the
hoodies this hoodie is one of four
that's right there are three siblings
that are going along with this launch
next weekend hopefully throughout the
week I will be revealing these brand new
one day at a time so come back tomorrow
so you can see what else I got cooking
out for you ah yeah all day what is that
to send you a snobby rich hoodie salmon
color what nothing know there's gold and
salmon coming out oh well you're gonna
know another one and then the next day
you're gonna know about the last one but
these are dope with it here right here
you got wasabi on the front and this oh
wait oh stop me there - no no okay
that's it but it's still coming soon
discuss a lot immediately as always so
get right Lauren I got you something yes
it is except it's Haman it's Simone yeah
you like it you're gonna wear it tonight
after tonight yeah after a double date
with who wasn't keeping the gloopy no
with a Ron Ron over here
Aaron and Veronica I say Ron Ron hashtag
run ride with the food and now it's gone
to my tummy gosh darn good thing it's
not over aren't you guys a little
dressed up for target we're on a best
friend date yeah the date has made its
way to target for one reason and
one reason that is to get a board game
whoo buddy you don't even know about
board games you got everything but what
I really was hoping they had was that
mousetrap game my game was on that dope
dope I'm gonna order on Amazon what okay
what do we settle on Victor scenario
what do you mean
Oh what do you mean what do you mean
what Ron Ron Ron Ron what they go okay
let's go home
well you can't go in there yeah I can't
go in there
it's Victoria's Secret is boys aren't
allowed in there everybody it's a known
thing no boys allowed
Darrin our boys allowed in Victoria's
Secret no no no no no Aaron don't no no
no oh oh oh don't oh no boys lad
look see oh yeah he knows the rules so
lie oh oh oh he was he was a good
brother for the final event of the
evening
it is Ron Ron versus Lorex damn sorry
guys
you're facing two years of a solid
dating going on yeah I was playing
pictionary in the womb the loser boy he
has to do 30 push-ups that's not fun I
know that so don't lose okay push-ups 30
as a group okay to make it easier as a
group yet do 30 yes
let's you're not ready
this is pictionary was last time you
played pictionary
yeah we played recently I play two ago
we played two weeks ago let's go let go
a few moments later this might be ice
and this might be then possibly the game
is not over until it's over
okay here we go so if we lose you guys
win that's it all right what's that mean
wrong wrong is better then lorax
and we gotta do push-ups okay okay wait
okay I'm ready wait wait wait is it blue
oh right what's red pop culture one go
oh oh oh
lemonhead Oh
know what happens Oh Lauren you do 29
and I'll do one please you do as much as
you can you can't do go hey let her do
what she does - okay that's good though
I just do do - money do 20 girl push-ups
and we probably shouldn't call them girl
pictures I feel like that's means that
that matter
it's 2018 we can't call her girl
push-ups looking were assisted yeah
assisted push-ups there you go there you
go you just sit under you okay go hurry
I'm pulling the Miss I don't know how
long I can hold the Beast one two oh
three oh four oh yeah five what 6:15
who are you 16
okay hey seven eight 29:33
twelve thirteen fourteen hey chicken
nugget the most beautiful chicken nugget
with the longest eyelashes come on
hey chicken nugget this is why your call
a chicken nugget because you do this
every single night whatever your chicken
nugget let's go to the bed see bdp come
on oh no see PDP time house was to the
end of all talk if you don't go and pad
come on let's go squeeze squeeze punk
rock book book pink pink come on come on
how many two more minutes okay I'm
timing you my moves wake up mommy it's
been two minutes go up there what the
mummy there you go pick up say wake up
mommy baby chicken nugget said mama
chicken like you need to get out and
migrate to the bed help me you're not
helping me you just want to play
nobody's trying to play right now if we
can't get mom to bed that she can't have
her beauty sleep and actually gonna be
cranky the next day and then she's not
gonna make me snacks is that what you
want you don't want me to have snacks I
know I can make my own snacks but she
makes them better I hoped you learned
your lesson today
come on booth you're encouraging the
sleep edp's with the cuddles and the
snuggles get up I'm so tired
okay I'm gonna go sleep okay bye now
nice that's all I got for you guys today
the double date I think for the first
time
Ron Ron and Laura double date I think it
did it was Parton there's good times do
you fart Judy oh yeah
it was the Italian food don't forget
that tomorrow you will find out what the
next hoodies gonna be there's four you
know about the gold you know about the
Salman sounds like a Pokemon and then
two more mystery ones that are coming at
your face would the quickness see you
guys tomorrow as always and until then
do me a favor don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling if you're not
smiling if you're not smiling yeah bitch
you you're a beat you cuz you're doing
it wrong bye
