huh are you crying why are you crying
don't cry what it is would it be would
it do tow another beautiful day in Paris
below gloomy but from what I hear that
is a very common thing
no that's bird for shooting yeah I like
it today is a photo shoot day we have
found a Paris photographer that will be
taking pictures for us all around Paris
and they're going to show us around so
it's going to be super fun super dope
and super Seebohm hey save bomb hey say
Oh bomb like that Oh Paris food is
delicious I love it it's so good we've
eaten so much of it but we're kind of
crazing American food so we actually
found this place called breakfast in
America and that is where we're going to
start our day
ah thanks
eggs and sausage and French dozen more
pancake you're not eating that one no I
don't want it well it's not for me do
this for me
welcome to the lair lose the live yeah
Lily
we don't have a say the museum the
archetypical
the art nerve museum loove-ray something
they told us that this museum is so big
that it would take two weeks to see
everything inside of it look how big
this is
holy Cracker Jacks just got a new burr
moment of truth you think it's a hit
chicken nugget you ready for a photo
shoot we ran back to the apartment got
backpacks full clothes because we have a
photographer coming to come take
pictures of us and we in a rush because
the Sun Goes Down and there's a golden
hour right before it goes down and
that's when you gotta take pictures
oh not today not today my friend if you
go to my Twitter you can see that I
tweeted right here I think it's about
time Richard makes a comeback
yes question mark smiley face retweet if
you agree it currently has fourteen
hundred and ninety-eight retweets and if
you go to my Twitter you can receive a
bear bear that has 1782 yeah we this is
not cool guys
Richard has less retweets than bear bear
there were is gross
go to my Twitter and retweet do not
retweet this one no no don't no don't ya
go retweet my tweet we found our
photographers for today
Louise yes and Astrid hi you guys you
guys accent so pretty oh thanks I want
to ask somebody yeah how do you say why
are you so cute and friend yes
but quit wishing you okay wait okay
all right all right wait a little bit
slower pourquoi it's loop for before one
pourquoi it's you a 200c oh no you mean
you Oh human depends picture tomatoes
real okay so female says mean yeah yeah
yeah okay we're gonna learn later we got
any pictures to take this is our first
photo shoot
spot it's pretty cool people actually
live here this is not just for pictures
these are real apartments right so I
don't know who lose your but sorry about
it
we took a bunch of pictures now how do
you say it again I can say it one more
time how do you say why you so cute
pourquoi okay 280 pourquoi a to see I
see me man yo pourquoi Oh to miss a - ed
you ha had to have it written down
because it was very hard
pourquoi s to see men yo
alright no that's right this is pourquoi
s to mean yo see when yo I say it it
didn't if you're not smiling doing wrong
see it in there
salaries I can never pass yeah okay hey
say it say it seeking it Felipa Donna
see - sorry / that sir
never never / oh I'm French I just ate
so fast at a French subway my favorite
sub at Subway is sweet onion chicken
teriyaki it tasted so much healthier
here than it does in America even though
it's the same sandwich hey so I met
another cat earlier and he didn't want
to be my friend but I was hoping maybe
we can be friends hey uh-oh
I'm allergic but the way that we can
still be friends I'm sorry
I didn't mean to hurt your feelings have
you ever been to America hey hey hey I
could take it to America I could give
you a new life thank you merci think
it's out boom I've had this for like a
year or two and I went to some party and
they're just like embroidering shirts
and giving them away and I was like nice
give one for me I was like it please
mercy and I gave it to me cuz I'm on
that dope job what happened
an incident so broken you know that
grows I'm so soon I am never ever short
Neil has never happened in my life ever
cuz your nails you bite them all off I
don't blame my nails
that's gross swallow me for the uber I
have one more announcement for you guys
I know I just switched channels from the
second channel to this channel and I
know that I just told you about the
secret project that I'm gonna announce
and in a little bit and like a week or
so but I just have one more bear with me
one more and that will be it the
announcement is that I'll be moving my
uploads three hours later from noon to 3
p.m.
I'm doing this because every time I
upload a video I get tweets about saying
oh I'm in school oh I'm at work I'm so
close to being out this way you guys can
watch it as soon as it comes out it's a
little bit later not too much later
you're still getting a video every
single day and I think I'll just make
the world a happier place
yes this change will be starting next
Monday so be ready from Monday until
forever videos go up at 3 p.m.
not 12 3 p.m. 3 p.m. all day every day
forever and always
now let's go break Erin with some lyrics
I'm gonna try to do the lyric price the
tech lyrics the text lyric prank on my
brother Aaron I've never done it but
I've seen a few other youtubers do it so
I watched a couple of their videos and I
think I could pull it off with Aaron the
problem is he's also a youtuber and he
listens to the same music I listen to so
I had to find a new song and I found a
new song from Niall Horan called this
town if you're a girl you know exactly
who that is if you're a guy it's one of
the guys for one direction
I think the song just came out today so
he will not know any of these lyrics so
let's get started I don't even think I'm
allowed to start it with like hey bro or
yo what's up I think I just got to go
into it so here we go yesterday I
thought I saw your shadow runnin round
what tttt tttt
whoa your Airbnb is haunted ghost emoji
good start good start okay it's funny
how things never change in this old town
it's funny how things never change in
this soul town what you mean that's your
first time there right hahaha you're
talking about Paris I'm in fair as I
know he's confused
uh alright not ma'am doing everything
when we were children me too question
mark putting in this playground question
mark lol I'm so confused I saw that you
moved on with someone new Finn saw that
you moved on with some
I knew oh oh who Sarah I thought you
liked her that's his girlfriend that's
his new girlfriend oh oh this could this
could go bad
I want trending Abby the words I've
never done David gradually the first
time around do you not like Sarah
oh he's calling me oh okay uh okay click
end Oh
answer your phone period oh he put
enough period uh oh no okay this just
got awkward let's make it a little bit
more awkward you still make me nervous
when you walk in the room
you still make me nuts when you're
walking though huh I'm almost to the gym
let's talk when you get back to Cali
haha okay okay oh god thanks the very
real quick before you guys in the gym
everything comes back to you everything
comes back to you okay
he's not responding anymore okay I'll
just send it one more time and and then
I'll tell him it's a prank if he doesn't
respond uh I'm doing the text prank on
Aaron he's not he stopped responding hey
I got did he is here I got too weird
yeah I got through weird my mom's
calling I missed it I missed it are you
going okay okay uh he told on me
he told me he told me hello yeah what do
you mean uh I'm just I'm it I'm in Paris
Andrew wait one what uh yeah yesterday
uh yesterday I thought I saw a shadow
running around oh it's funny how things
never change in this old town oh yeah I
remember everything from when we were
children
ah-ha plane in this fairground I want to
tell you everything the words I never
got to say the first time around
everything goes back to you huh
everything comes back to you what okay
I'm sorry it's I'm just I'm making a
video I was trying to prank Aaron and
then he called you and then you called
me and it's I was just huh are you
crying why are you crying don't cry oh
sorry I think I was reading lyrics Wow
no don't cry I'm sorry I didn't I didn't
mean to make you cry I was just reading
some lyrics no no it's okay mom mom uh
mom I was no no no
oh okay Oh mom it was it was a prank it
was just a joke I didn't I don't even
know you're talking about oh it's okay I
I did it I was just joking I was reading
some lyrics from a song to you right now
oh I'm sorry don't cry huh I know no I
like I like that scar on my nose I like
it I know I know it's okay it was chick
it's just a chicken boxcar I like it I
like it adds character I'm gonna I'm
gonna I'm in Paris but I'm gonna come
I'm gonna go to LA and work a little bit
and then I'm gonna come to North
Carolina I'm going to see you guys very
soon yeah I'm gonna be there very soon
like in like in like the next two weeks
I'll be there okay okay I'll talk to you
later I love you okay bye
miss you too bye don't cry bye bye oh my
god what just happened I did what she is
cru okay oh I'm sweaty I just made my
mom cry I'm a horrible person I feel so
bad about it okay it's time for the end
of blog talk welcome to the end of vlog
talk I still cannot believe that
happened
that was completely unexpected and of
you and I I'm never doing the lyric
prank again I feel horrible so I'm going
to keep this short
don't forget uploads are going up at 3
p.m. PST California time so look up for
that
starting Monday it's happening tomorrow
as Disneyland it's gonna be super fun
and I got some sleep because I am going
to be doing a lot of walking tomorrow so
see you guys in the next vlog until then
do me favor don't forget remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
