no way I'll do it you won't do it look
it look it look it do it Oh what it is
would it be would a dude oh you guys see
enough of my face throughout my vlog so
today it's a point of view vlog
Starbucks oh ok
we're going in Heron Starbucks has
better food than American Starbucks oh
look at that oh I don't know I don't
know no no we must fight it we must
fight it fight it it's hard to order
coffee because on all the menus it's in
French but Starbucks Starbucks is all
the same so they know what I needed what
I wanted what I have nobody where are we
currently walking right now yeah this
John Daly's yen shop shop shop delis
yeah what chomp-chomp deli CA aha we're
gonna walk to the Arc de Triomphe which
is at the end of it and then we'll walk
back and look at all these stores and
see if we can find some good clothes
some of that good good
these are so much smaller so these tiny
tic tacs even the skittles bags are tiny
the sour scales are tiny even these
clothes are smaller
almost there
my phone wasn't working so Lauren let me
borrow her phone to make a call and then
she walked into a store and I've been
here for about 45 minutes and she does
not come back out I'm assuming that she
thinks I went somewhere else and I'm
here with her phone so she can't call me
so technically I lost my girlfriend in a
foreign country and that is the problem
I am currently at right now Lauren
Lauren has anybody seen Lauren has
anybody seen Lauren now all right it has
been 20 more minutes and she has still
not arrived I heard the best thing to do
when you lose somebody or if you get
lost is to stay in the same spot and
eventually they will come back but it
has been a very long time
have you seen Lauren have you seen
Lauren anywhere no all right
it's been an hour and 45 minutes she
hasn't come back so I'm making moves
this has become a problem I really
cannot find my girlfriend
I have lost Lauren
and I have no idea what to do
I know there's supposed to be a point of
view vlog but this has gotten serious I
really don't know where she is I have
her phone she can't contact me I walked
around a little bit couldn't find her
and now I'm back where she left me and I
still can't find her and I'm kind of
panicking excuse me the girl I came into
her with us she hasn't come back in here
my girlfriend she only come back in is
she been in here yeah have you seen her
no no okay thank you I lost her oh thank
you
Maisie officially been two hours I went
to all the stores you've already been to
I went to store as a thought she would
go to nobody can help me cuz half the
people can't speak English I am really I
am really I don't know I feel like she's
just she's just looking at she's
shopping right now or something I don't
know but I'm freaking out freaking out
she can't even call an uber I have her
phone she can't tweet me she can't call
she can't go to over back to our place
oh there she is I found her found her oh
you where were you two hours
I lost looking I like to know I sat here
for an hour and a half and I walked all
over the car da I did I you didn't tell
me here is a wrong key to it so I was on
the phone I didn't hear you and then I
waited in front is all I am so I hear
wait till you see I live in recording
looking for you asking people I went to
stores he will be rude to me I was
panicking you couldn't over back to the
apartment you couldn't I could text me
you couldn't tweet me I know
ah I got take a nap I'm exhausted
oh hey how about you never leave more
than five feet away from me from now on
okay we should bear smitten how about
those kid leashes I'll just pull one on
you
the backpack yeah yeah by me a cute bag
head like it
that's typically fine all right had to
switch my camera just died because I was
looking for Lauren I lost her for two
hours in Paris this one is the cool and
this is the one I like out of all these
things I might get that bracelet cuz
you're getting bracelet I got to get a
bracelet I don't think I've how it works
I don't think that's how we're gonna
break through the Rings I got this ring
because you got your ring where's your
ring at you don't have it on no he's
calling them yeah well her getting
they're going clean what can I do that
well Oh mine is like my ply not polish
oh yeah I should so I can't do that for
you oh so these are the bracelets that
we're thinking about getting hers and
his but I don't know if I want to spend
that much I don't know we gotta think
about it nothing about it finally we
made it whoa wardrobe change
goin wardrobe change
wardrobe spin
wardrobe squat so you would never
proposed me no not even in Paris never
good if you propose me I'm gonna say no
because I'm gonna have to ask you back
whenever I do propose to whomever it
shall be it shall be my doing no matter
what
why you so cute
okay
headline
white yeah
and it's Bibles are whoa I can't believe
I'm actually here I've never been to
Europe and now I am here that is
definitely the Eiffel Tower this is not
Vegas because that is way bigger than
biggest everyone that's the real one I
want to touch it look at that oh my gosh
I'm sweating I don't know why uh I feel
like I feel like like I've seen this
like so many times in pictures and in
textbooks and in magazines
and now I'm here wow it's a lot bigger
than then it looks fun
Wow I've never used this word in my life
I don't think but this is breathtaking
like I really have never used that word
it's weird right but but it's true look
at this thing what is this nothing could
stop us we go in the way up all the way
when we get up there I have a question
to ask you oh my goodness we are using
food no no it's not gonna be why he's
like you
oh hey hello
I touched it Lauren I touched Eiffel
Tower yeah I touched it touched Eiffel
Tower touch it touch it
no way I'll do it you won't do it look
it look it look it do it
Oh decide this
so this is the little apartment at the
top level tower I Gustave Eiffel made
and hated to have some friends up here
like that's that's Thomas Edison Hall
I'm gonna see whatever there that Thomas
Edison Cube
the first two was audience to come up
with Filipino skirt parisians honey say
great Parisians Filipino wasabi and
Parisians right here awesome
ha ha ha I thought there were no wasabi
ins in Paris at all I looked everywhere
there are oh I'm glad you found us how'd
you find out snapchat oh how are you
waiting for
three to go since we've been heroes I we
are we up there for so there's a problem
with the upload for wasabi Wednesday but
I won't be able to make it back in time
but it's all good it'll still be up just
a few hours later I had to reapplied it
not my fault
YouTube's fault but I still love you
YouTube
but it is real this is it real is that
real
hey that can't be real
where am i right now I don't even know
what this is
come on go come on oh my gosh oh look we
got the bracelets ah nice Oh give me a
kiss
ill I'm so glad baby as I hear he's so
cold
hey you wanna go on a cruise okay
alright let's go say Eiffel Tower and
your and your best French accent oh it's
not like evil tower
oh yeah 18:07 de la tall tower building
is water water water bridge in Eiffel
Tower bye bye
au revoir if you did in the back but but
now
I forgot to tell you something on the
top of the Eiffel Tower way too cute
can't tell you now thank you get them
you know that means ah why you yeah
is it that why you look beautiful oh
you're right how do you say Lauren in
French oh it's lighting up more other go
you see
Hey
what headlights aha
welcome nobody told me that it was a
long eventful day and we just got a
goober but a lot of times an uber is a
candy right about here oh they always
have candy this is so crazy this is the
fourth time we've gone over they had
candy in here so if you ever in Paris
you want some candy
you know uber check the middle console
welcome to the end of vlog talk Paris so
far has been super duper fun we've done
a lot of things and we have a lot more
to do we only have a few more days in
Paris though I'm sad what I do that I
know I know that I haven't been posting
Paris forces yesterday was a sabe
Wednesday the day before that was I try
not to laugh challenge but don't worry
because I'm about to like give you so
much Paris vlogs you face gonna explode
if you've been watching my blogs for a
long time before I even switched it to
this channel you know about the oh I
made that up because I noticed that in
public when wasabi and see me they get
nervous and they don't want to come say
hi and they don't know how to start a
conversation so I said if you ever see
me and you're nervous just be like oh
cool and I'll turn around a wave or I
might be like cool and it'll be an
icebreaker that still is in effect so if
you ever see me and you're nervous I
want to hear those cuckoos especially in
Paris if you're a Parisian from Paris
and you see us in public I want to hear
cuckoo especially only go to Disneyland
I want to hear some Paris cuckoos at the
end of this Paris thing I have something
super cool for you guys I have been
filming a few things here and there and
I'm going to be posting a Paris montage
which can be super cool and super like
uh what's the word seen it cheesy
oh god I'm excited to make it I've been
looking at the footage I have it all
saved in a folder I'm gonna put it all
together
oh yes in a few weeks I am going to
start a project that I've been wanting
to do I've been super busy with the
transition and trying to get everything
done and trying to get Lauren to parents
her birthday and all these things but
it's coming to the time where I'm gonna
I'm going to start this project I can't
tell you guys yet but I will announce it
very soon and hopefully when I do you
guys will give me all your support and
you guys will help me achieve my goal
it's something that I've been wanting to
do for a while now and and it's gonna
it's gonna be it's gonna it I need your
help I'll tell you later I'll tell you
later
this project is actually just to make
someone else's dream come true hopefully
you guys will be down to help me and
I'll see you guys tomorrow on the next
Paris vlog which will be really do it
because we have a lot of cool things
planned and until then do me a favor
don't forget remember if you don't love
bear bear you're doing it wrong ah
hashtag Debra's closed hashtag bear is
not close okay bye
Oh
