they can't oh my gosh I'm looking for
them oh yeah what it is would it be what
it do so I have something to tell you oh
no okay what is it you know how my
second channel I used to say that phrase
that you didn't that you liked at the
beginning and then you got tired of it
because we said it too much what phrase
is that huh what I can't hear you why on
the wasabi Channel guess what guess how
they're taking it did you eat the
comments did you read the comments on
the second channel they loved it what's
a v-- channel they love you more they
love it even more
hahaha every Commodus hashtag why you
suck it is the cute Lauren hey Lauren
now I like your bracelet thank you what
isn't it oh I had the same bracelet
where did these come from Lily where's
your what do you have the paper stone
yeah I do actually
these bracelets are for Lily hashtag
girl of Rafiki me too we it's a
foundation handmade by Kenyan women oh
wow that's a big number fourteen hundred
plus women in Kenya were employed I
guess to make these bracelets and Asante
Asante sana squash banana Oh does that
mean like thank you for the banana yeah
Asante sana squash banana oh it's not
the Sun is quite from Rafiki rift from
Lion King you know everything like
heroine oh my gosh who even are you in
Swahili the word for thank you is Asante
this piece is handcrafted by a woman in
Kenya using traditional skills passed
down through generations with every bead
and stitch she's able to earn her way to
a brighter future can access education
support her families start her own
business and lead change for her entire
community the piece you hold in your
hands defines empowerment nice so oh you
can wear it as a necklace it's pretty
tight on my
pissed mm-hmm but not super tight but my
circulation isn't at 100% right now
bigger circulation but you know what's
even better than why he's so cute what
see ya know ya know ya
nobody cares about steel it's not a real
skill I have not once seen him in water
ever
yeah like water there you go Leanne see
all that no such thing
yeah everybody's happy no more stuff
easy life please like is not happy is
this oh this is a quiz for me I don't
know we'll go back and forth bond so
seal pissed that's that short for
sealing ttan I know that yeah it's red
for sealing ttyn Oh
this is blue pee boobie boobie has had a
long life yes that's an unfortunate name
my friend that's Augie
he's an awkward animal from our friends
over at one food is my favorite I love
Augie
and that's PUD short for puddles gross
hey putz got a cage enrollees leave them
alone we rule out go on buddy you can
come with me
that's meow-meow I remember you living
your hose Pikachu sleepy seal weedy
loafie and this is travel size seal that
wasn't that bad when they get one with
our day yep
come on Augie before we gonna try this
it's black just straight black coffee do
it
what you didn't take one sample but the
drink this whole thing so better what is
it like big huge booty like that's what
beats huge isn't it
I just got two questions that we can
leave what face do you make when you're
doing squats in the gym and why you suck
yeah
why is my god Lauren who's the
livestream today but my ADHD distracted
me and I'm on an adventure with Lorex
but it's okay cuz I'm still gonna do
live stream we're lawyer I haven't
explained it on this channel yet is
Lauren
Alex wasabi Youssef Erakat real Maki
lawyer spellirium aqui
RI I think I am a cake but he gets
chicken do it no I just said I bet he
still can do it
ri yeah
hey I'm KK yeah let's give her middle
name of shot that beat Kobayashi
Kobayashi I want to hear our national
anthems do you know your national anthem
and Palestine know me I don't know the
Filipino one but it's like a song and
that she doesn't know her Canada you
know what so let's listen I know the
canyon one I started the word first here
is the American anthem probably we
Canada let it play like pink
let's get there right yeah something
move on to defeat the Huns a hidden
what the beginning was like a battle
scene does it know what this is the most
good
go go make a Canadian family frog
Thomas Tinian Anthem
you got a singer in your headphones yes
why whoa we time get it was I mean for
me to know we don't get to know Oh
Filipino anthem I don't know it that
well guys I'm gonna embarrass myself
right now
Oh give it time I pick up a CC
disgustful in Labine arau
in louis itt organ sita well you're
young it's a pile in mo what it is
pretty good we have made it to our
destination at the State Fair it's been
so long since we've been here Lord
hasn't been here in a year I haven't
been here like probably three years not
not ever to LA one time there was the
only one North Carolina I went and if
Uzis never been a State Fair in his life
who's ready to go find his date we're
gonna go find food and there's a lot of
it I all right here I see corn ribs
burgers
candy apples caramel apples i sees
popcorn funnel cakes fried Oreos fried
ice cream fried cheesecake it's gonna be
crazy I'm gonna gain ten pounds right
now first meal of the State Fair and
half that is mine don't eat all of it
I'm gonna document everything I eat
today but don't worry because it's it's
a diet it's diet that's a diet corn dog
right we go in up on away sabe Wednesday
oh my gosh hello little people of Earth
hello hi hi
thanks you got the jumps another jump oh
look she got the job bungy oh my gosh
what state fair treat number 3
diet dippin dots this is a diet this
diet right ok see I had different that's
nice
got some don't do it don't know that's
weird I get good we're trying super hard
to win lower in that poop hat you got
one to go oh
we need the poop hat
man is one Hey
oh so close
whoa
also close
get three one cook three one couple
three the same cup yeah hey we're gonna
prove that can put that poop on my
girlfriend's head please poop on my
girlfriend's head gig are you down she
has bestowed upon you oh you've been
pooped gee that boots yeah you should
have poop I made three in one cup no way
he made three in a one okay okay might
not be in a row but it was out of six
really yeah they had a sexy car yeah I
know
that's why they call me Alex who doesn't
possible stop
oh oh
oh my god oh my god oh my god
Oh
I mean did I win
there you go this is fun for both of you
guys and you ready yeah what
oh yeah you got it in bricks track watch
your video thank you appreciate that
let's meet you
that on can us carry that's K
I got oh there we go
Lauren ate all of her caramel apple
slices and now she's using my churro my
last state pear stack Wow let's dust
dieter all right yeah a vegetable oh
good good good
the double state fair date is complete
and now we are joined by others Susie
with the popcorn we got Lily with the
swag we got okay
Oh groans oh boy chilling Oh vanilla and
Lawrence Polly pooping drama
are you pooping on she's pooping and
we're about to watch a scary movie you
can't have me lay down on a carpet on a
blanket in the sheets and not expect me
to fall asleep come on
I'm Alex I'm gonna die doesn't know how
to you know by looking me this is like a
little fun
oh yeah movies my shirt Telos reals but
you know laughter
welcome to end the vlog talk today was
very full of double dates friends
stuffy's and good times that was the
first double date that me and Lauren
have been on with phousi and his female
companion and there's a lot of fun state
fairs are always super fun and then we
got to watch movie with some other
friends I would Lily and Susie and the
movie is pretty good it's called the boy
just the boy it's pretty good I have the
girl from the walking dead in it as good
time I know I said in yesterday's
livestream on my other channel that I
would teach you guys how to do this but
I'm super tired I just got added done
editing
I just gotta edit this in and then I can
go to sleep and I have another busy day
tomorrow but I will 100% make time for
you guys to teach you guys how to do
this so come back tomorrow because I
have some other stuff planned too should
be on that dope dope hope you guys had
an awesome day like I did and until the
next vlog which will be tomorrow don't
forget to remember actually let me
explain this thing that I'm always
saying all the time if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong that just
means if you're not smiling then why are
you doing it
you should be happy with whatever you're
doing and if you're not happy with what
you're doing then it should be leading
to something that's going to make you
happy so if you don't like school you're
in school so you can have a better life
so you have a happier life an easier
life you can get a better job if you are
at work you don't like work but you have
to put in the work so you can progress
and be happier in the future so
everything you do should be done with a
smile either because you know it's
leading to happiness or it makes you
happy that's why I say it every time
it's such an important thing it's my
life motto and I hope it helps you guys
out too and I hope it it if you ever in
a bad spot just remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong okay bye
