oh yeah get that back up there go back
up the forehead what's up everybody
welcome to another wasabi Wednesday this
week I brought my friend here because I
needed a special talent that he has it's
something he possesses is very rare and
that is having no hair ha ha ha ha my
face I let neck ops Mecca and it is the
hundred layer challenge I don't know
what this doesn't happen man with a
hundred layers of glue on your head and
don't worry because I have a special
thing too I'm gonna put this in it and
it's gonna make it a cool it's gonna
make it cool is that the twist yeah this
is the twist I don't know what the twist
is you don't know this is uh I'm gonna
go put it in the glue I'll be back and
then we're home run and then you'll see
what it is you understand oh my god all
right here I got this towel to keep your
clothes on nice and clean are you okay
it's been a while and I've got my nippy
brush mixed in the special stuff I'm so
worried about this dude like this is
payback
oh it's way to get none ha ha ha
here we go here we go oh that's nice is
really cool oh my gosh I should have
mixed this better but it's ok oh my gosh
yeah I messed up okay and I did I messed
up well yeah I like it I like it I like
it this is actually better it's turning
out polish smells like something
different
no it's glue smell it's one thing clear
right I mean look like glue what is that
why is my head's kind of burning right
now no no not like seriously
oh right yes like coming in hot you mix
something in this ah
starting to burn really really ah you
should pipe or so yeah my ketch acquire
okay so I took one way or two later
three later like each core is a later
okay okay okay oh I thought he said just
go for it there we go oh now we're
making progress
this house is like eight layers I'm
going to get it back up what's up your
head oh that's my bad go get it oh this
is so cool
no hit the cold button oh sorry sorry I
keep forgetting ha ha ha
let me do this in school they should let
you do this while you're in school in
art class be like express yourself a
bike okay I wanna pay my friends head
yeah yeah so you've learned through Play
yes thanks for hitting and there you
have it has to be at least 100 layers if
we spent like an hour drying we even cut
the cameras so that we can blow-dry
forever put more on blow-dry put more on
I can't feel my scalp look around the
house you can oh look at that oh my gosh
you're so wrinkly that's Chris okay yeah
oh whoa those weird you're getting ready
you're ready to see the trick the cool
thing follow me
come on I put a little bit of glue on my
face so we feel so you don't feel up top
this is a lost you ready for the twist
all right crazy weights on her face
Oh one hole well that's perfect peel oh
no that's fine
Ralph in here as you feel my face oh
okay alright they'll want to intervene
dry ha ha ah it's cool
oh my god oh my good come almost yes oh
dude so happy that glues wet in some
spots on the hair that was cool
it's a rose okay all right thanks for
coming man yeah that's all I got for you
guys for this week every vlog and new a
new vlog every single day wasabi
Wednesday's is always something crazy
like this we did a collab on his channel
so go check that out it's really funny
I'm in it
Laurens in it Denison it Israel mourn so
good it's so good remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong yeah okay
bye okay bye
Oh
love every time I watch it was sabe
video production I laughed so hard I'm
afraid like am I have a heart attack
