what it is would it be what in judo
today is the day I get my first tattoo
this is not how I imagined it starting
you ready to get our first tattoo we're
gonna go right now we gotta leave in 10
minutes
no we have to do it we have to do don't
be a baby
yeah Lorna three three and I'm a baby so
I can do it you can do it
are you all right I quit you we lost
isn't this a challenge this outer one
you're quitting yeah we got it what are
the team what okay well just no I quit
whatever you want to quit I'm down okay
you're the worst teammate ever are you
kidding me look at this I'm driving
handcuffed for you what three hands on
the wheel
no no that's danger really that's you
say it stranger danger
you're stranger danger ah nobody turns
like that turns like that we call you
it's about to go down we're here this is
it look for your dreams yeah I'm hoping
you're pranking me we would not drive
all the way here for a prank
Josaphat you and where it's gonna be I
know it's so painful I'm a big boy the
infamous from you
we go first
no ready best out of three do whoever
gets the three okay but wait you're
hurting each person oh oh
come on come on Romeo you're in good
hands look at his hands
what these are the most moist hands I've
ever shook hands with the most what
moist are they yeah your hands feel like
Kleenex like the ones with lotion in
them ah yeah yeah no don't touch me no
okay where you gonna put it right there
yeah okay yeah wait is something crazy
and this other stupid it's something
stupid it's something stupid he no I
said he can choose I didn't I thought
you said I said it has to be small but I
mean he said he wanted it small what
what okay go you're going first I won't
look Lauren yeah what is it is it okay
let's do it first tattoo yes stop being
scared why are you so scared you're a
grown man you want to see look you want
to see Laurens face when she got it done
yes
it's a very face no Romeo is he's the
most gentle guy in the world he could
tattoo a butterfly what are you doing
get on the table already who it's about
here fine my first tattoo I had nervous
poops for like a whole day but you're
fine parents right I win an Oscar for
drama category I can't see it I can't
see it
okay okay okay
are you done you're done okay can we
look though you're not allowed to look
you're not look ah
it looked rough you can't see this
masterpiece yet
what that's normal go look in the mirror
okay my turn
here we go let's game time all day I
guess switch arms my arm prints to map
is happening you did it I can do it you
can do it I can do it all day it's
painful
okay here we go here we know Alex yeah
make sure you stay still looking at you
okay oh he's down third of my life told
you oh my god okay yeah here we go okay
it's dragging
oh that's cold
it's a really big look there you go
silky smooth I'm gonna go look at it
know what you're not allowed to one can
look at it how about we show three
people and then you get to see it in the
vlog how about we show three people and
then I get to see it as soon as we show
three people I get the side who sees it
okay
okay fair enough wait to sleep in these
I really good I can't do that I can't
even fall asleep as long as we don't
have to go in public full of these very
good okay good
oh you ready to go to the smoothie oh
okay right now till you win
and jump
whoa barely made it you know this is a
definition of public you do know this
right there's people here they're
staring at us you're kind of smearing
that's just work okay so how it doesn't
realize it's actually a lot smaller than
he thinks I just need you guys to react
like it's the worst biggest that you've
ever seen okay okay you got
yeah let's do it all right there two
more people I just have two more people
my tattoo before I can look at it myself
like someone can't trust anything guys
fishing this guy's pants off it's about
to get crazy so crazy but get crazy on
my balls
money is crazy right there's something
stupid this is gonna end your career you
said it was a face book said it was a
small touch and it's small just
something stupid
it's huge bro that's nice if I was huge
I could see it okay Mario look look me
in the eyes and tell me you like it look
at it first look at it look at it
there's gonna be let me look at it look
at it look at me look at me look at it
look at it look at it look at me look at
it look at it look at it come on look at
me okay you like it yeah yeah that good
sure like it oh my god one two three
come on art works for two one two three
one hello about the look right now about
the look I'm about to turn ready
just surrounded by a bunch of muscle
that ii freckle look at that second
freckle this one to the end the vlog
talk we're still stuck okay I don't have
a tattoo well I guess I do have a tattoo
you definitely do every wait where is it
this was fun oh yeah it's this one look
at it and I was blurry that's all I got
for you yesterday
I think I caught the tattoo bug now she
got one and then she had to get a second
one and then she had to get her one
and maybe one day she gonna get a fourth
one but I am one number two so I'm
catching up what you said this counts as
that dude wait 5 what 5 see you guys
tomorrow the till then do me a favor
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
