Oh oh my gosh I don't understand it
where are you getting all this stuff bro
what it is would it be what it do though
I have some friends here and they're
helping make video magic actually I'm
helping him first and then he's gonna
help me Dennis oh well we could or we
going we're gonna punch Alex in the face
yeah fuck it on the back everyone punch
my 7 time show how you have the score
yeah a little bit of sweat a little bit
yeah yeah hit me if you if you remember
in the worst Christmas present ever he
push you in the face but I told him to
there are up raise you like this pop you
go okay he's gonna be hard part
come on I'm like oh man I won't break
your and then like the last one you look
okay yeah I've never seen that oh yeah
okay
hey jump back in the van yeah and then
came the next day you're like hang on
another one Maya but Erina somehow to
Frank's mm-hmm
a date prank so if you're gonna go on a
date with somebody and you want to have
fun and play yeah we're about to show
you what they do now we're gonna show
you when you win do you want to put
these out like I could put up tonight
well Wednesday or Wednesday Wednesday
then
it's a wasabi Wednesday now soppy
Wednesday my video is going to be a
little messier than yours I know I'm
nervous about your video video number
one complete now it's time to shoot my
video and then another front wants to
shoot a video and then it's time for
Lorax to make their debut appearance on
youtubers react
Wow sorry we're gonna make our Lorax
debut on they want to close up they
wanna close up my work okay close upon
walk allowed to do so I got two videos
done now for the next one actually one
was cancelled so this is the last one of
the day the third one it is
another video with the fine brothers
another YouTube is reactivated Lauren's
first time and it's Lawrence's first
time so I'm super excited about this one
I've been on it like five times but this
one is my is going to be my favorite I
can feel me and then I get food so
hungry I think I had like a hunger
headache yeah
we're sitting in here waiting for our
turn to go in but after this are you
ready to see today's cool thingy you I
don't even know what to call it it's not
really yesterday our little I'll he's
cooler than yesterday yeah
I don't even know how this one works I
know how that one works I understand
this one I don't understand so it's
gonna be equal and hopefully Logan's
home we can go show Logan huh what color
is it
great that's great it's about size your
head back it's a toy the toy have I ever
played with it no I've never played with
before didn't your potato head it's not
my spirit I've never had one of those in
my life okay this game is not as fun as
I thought was gonna be no no I have
literally no idea what it okay we're
just gonna we're just gonna wait we're
just gonna we're not gonna have anymore
okay okay how was your first time on
youtubers react
reenactment go scared happy sad thank
you for having us guys this is fun this
is the iconic room I don't know if you
guys understand how like you have you
had like over a billion views in this
room but there's background yet I have
actually definitely okay I'll let you
know we have an audience today I was
just gonna show Lauren but uh this is my
house is kind of a hangout spot so
people are here so I'm gonna show you
guys something already
here D yeah you ready ready okay watch
watch Josh are you please there's a hurt
no you about to vanish you got you gonna
be in London robbing a bank I seen the
movie
all right ready nothing's going on you
like really like Harry Potter right now
ready yeah yeah hold my hand this is
gonna be weird I could tell who wants it
I do I do
let me go black arms matter wait go get
here you know you thought you're dumb my
thumb what I do with my thumb go go go
yeah oh my god
amazing amazing you know somebody's
dough okay send it back for your own arm
and give it a Melvin do your own arm
your honor your honor yes I can oh okay
now set it to your own arm and then give
it away Oh or not go wait Aaron pass to
your other arm and then pass it to him
like the wave okay yeah yeah oh yeah
this was my wait what maybe oh hey
oh this is doe yeah not even now hi
somebody disappeared so fun this is
called the Geo flex also there's a thing
called the Toro flex this one
specifically is a gol flex there's other
ones same thing but they're just cool
toys and I'm gonna treasure this one
forever I don't know like five dollars
tonight I'm gonna go so Logan because I
show him all my toys okay amber keys and
the keys on the loose
oh I'll put your yoga with humor keys
we're back cuz you always got something
to show what is it well yeah most
artists guys okay chill with us well as
I'll show you
hi there yeah goodness bro on he's a
digital cameras on and whole ahead is
trust me trust me we know you guys it's
too thick yeah you gotta be like flat
yeah there you go
oh you might have a muscle oh oh my gosh
ro I don't understand it why are you
getting off
so bro he brought me he brought me
butterscotch my G here either chuckles
I'm in Turkish I'm good where you you
have a story I just - too late oh my
gosh
I know you have to come over be super
good it felt like we do yes now you pass
with between yourself no but my favorite
thing is to tap it when it was down wait
oh oh yeah you gotta spin it to close it
it's like oh my gosh
so exciting okay all right the next time
in today
Oh sighs my life Oh Erin don't move
there's something you had what nothing I
got whoa what no matter how many times
you do this it's never not satisfying
hey that who
we're double handcuffed together because
I love you I love you get is a spittin
what's a spittin will you order wine it
was on right now what is that yeah yeah
okay what is it
Virge it okay let's buy all right now oh
but I can't eat we're handcuffed I'll
get the keys I don't know where they are
I'm gonna I think I'm off the balcony no
you're just it no I did we go get it
we got to come on I really did throw
them off the balcony
come on with the right downstairs we can
go get them come on
you are my what what I had to cuz I knew
it I really did him off the balcony no
way what that's not cool dad I'm gonna
keep myself oh I'm so sweaty just net
simple walk welcome to the end of vlog
talk long as I hear so it's just me this
time
oh these guys are here too
today's vlog was super duper busy I
filmed three videos I didn't vlog that
much but I definitely got lost in the
new toy every time I find a new toy I
can't believe I haven't seen it before I
can't look never heard about this before
I hope you guys enjoyed it I know I put
I put I did like a whole like all those
tricks I was doing with it I just made
them up I'll just flip it around and
play with it it's just it was
mesmerizing tomorrow's toy uh I actually
broke I couldn't help myself
I got so excited about the geo flux that
I was like I want to see this other toy
I opened it and I played with it and I
got too excited I broke it ha but it's
ok because I ordered another one and I
have something else planned for uh for
the next vlog so see you then and until
then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong yeah
ok bye
