two minutes in what do you expect this I
know wasn't what it is when it be
wouldn't do so another dope day is about
to go down and we got me Lauren
Jordan flush Taylor nice Taylor and this
is adventure Sam how's it going guy I've
decided to call you adventurer Sam
because every time you around go on some
type of adventure awesome and today
you're gonna take us on another
adventure you're doing it
hello you're taking us on an adventure
we live here we have one more person
left to complete the crew and then the
adventure begins and the final person of
the squad has arrived yeah we went into
a gas station to get snacks and drinks
and Sam comes out with all these healthy
things I come out candy and stuff I was
I had to get this this is disgusting
it's just straight coffee
he's your head straight coffee with no
sugar no cream at all I had to get at
least a little sugar that's the
healthiest way to go but that's that's
just that's just crazy people and I also
got Uncrustables necessity for every
road trip we have made it to the
destination we are in Malibu somewhere
uh out here in the wilderness and we're
about to go jump off some clams come be
dull alright well that's very agile but
you didn't jump that's very nice very
quick but I didn't see any jumping where
are we right now
I wind upside down be careful
oh good good Nicole oh they're lying the
both legs
yeah oh my god all that tuck though that
tuck haha okay let's see what you got
baby my name is Alex ahi and I'm going
to be doing a double axel back wonderful
ooh
oh good nut
oh my god
yeah this is what happens when all your
friends are filmers we got youtubers we
got videographers we got uh adventure
Sam is here ha ha ha well you like that
dick man I think it's a good one
adventure Sam nice and this is chicken
nugget you want to see her chicken
nugget what'll she has a waddle the
chicken nuggets deal she can't do it
here I shall do a little bit yeah okay
okay all right
oh my gosh you guys are like body twins
you guys just won tickets to the Met
Ball unnecessary boy things take one
praying for Sam's nuts Oh God
whoa very back your way hey Nick in a
cave game over
adventure Sam lead the way yeah I don't
know how I'm gonna get to here with my
bad oh yeah yeah you might wanna leave
it just go up and over this this one
that's right here
Adventure Time come on tell your friends
or go to very distant lands Jake the dog
and Finn the human
the fun will never end it's adventure
time
it's a venture time song we talk about
everybody and their grandma knows that
song with Jake the dog and Finn he knows
us huh
never end in the venture none Oh cave
number two let's go I don't know if I
can vlog and do it but you know I'm
gonna try what do you would be what do
we have made it to the bottom of this
how high you guys 100 feet now like 60
yeah yeah 60 it's like 10 feet 40 no way
that is so much higher than 40 no way
that's that's 60 hey Sam I know I know
you're you're busy right now but who's
the best YouTube couple you know oh
darling I don't know many but uh number
one's gonna be obvious lobby where do i
what oh you mean Lorax yeah they're my
parents actually uh yeah Weaver I forgot
me Lorna Dom to you in Hawaii
down down down yeah nice there's a dear
hey dear let's be friends can you hear
me if you hear me don't move
here's me yeah it's alive where is it
rattle yeah is it dangerous
yes dangerous pick it up you can buy it
sale but it's not get away and if you
bite you you're done then those are more
dangerous than that groan hard
are you tired by little chicken nugget
what is it tired
well are you too tired for a chicken
nugget waddle when were looking like a
waddle huh
chicken nugget waddle ah oh my gosh
what are you stopping alright we're like
over halfway but it is gonna be worth it
adventure Sam oh come on ladies you're
over halfway all right now
Alex asabi youtube.com slash the cyber
actions this is what scared Ava looks
like haha really yes like walk on it
nope you all got it you have your walk
right here look at some dishes yeah but
it's fine that's what metal does it does
Shawn Shawn we're good
come on come on don't be scared come on
and you never belong to ride your bike
ha ha ha come on run run to me I'll
catch you I'll catch you run run run Oh
gotcha
safety Adventure day is complete and my
hair is a mess and I want to show you
guys something that I didn't know about
for years and years and years and I
showed my dad and he's like 50 and he
didn't know about it and Sam do you know
about it come here look
I knew about this notice oh right on
every car you can hang a cap right there
how you doing
my dad didn't know about it he's 50
Lauren didn't know about it and then you
don't know about it and now we all know
yeah I wonder how many people watching
don't know about it why why do you need
this like it's just so you don't let it
hang on your car and gas gets all over
the place you have to put it somewhere
and every car has it but it looks
different on every car crazy mind belong
what it is would it be would it dude Oh
last night I actually had part of the
vlog that I didn't put in I ended it
with the adventures but there's
something really cool that I did but
after doing it and looking back at the
footage I realized it was not dope
enough and I could make a doper so I'm
on the way to the store right now to get
materials to show you this epicness and
it's gonna blow your mind it blew my
mind yesterday but I have it I'm gonna
make it so much more epic and you won't
even know you're not it you don't
believe me okay fine don't believe me
then why you follow me if you don't
believe me stop following me
hey shit I you stay staying here
ow right now I am going to get the
products to show you guys this really
cool thing I want to show you but before
I show you I'm going to take you to this
magic air thing tonight I think it's for
youtubers or something you don't know so
today's agenda get cool things go to
this party gimme and then show you the
cool thing have arrived to a specific
grocery store because they are the only
ones that have it that I've seen now we
just got to find it
the materials needed for the dope dope
epicness tonight are acquired we have
them right here
the right here but first let's see what
Lauren's up to dang look at that cutie
dough in get it get it get it get it get
it
that's why proud it's like ralphing and
she's super duper duper duper cute get
it get it girl hey hey ready for a fun
night
and we're outside nice we don't usually
go out as you can see in the vlogs we
like stay in or hang out with our core
group of friends but being social being
social yes oh oh I need to be goateed oh
now we're being social we try to get out
but you know each other's company is
enough for us or it's weird if we don't
go out mostly because my brother lives
with me
my girlfriend lives down the block my
best friend lives next door my other
friends are really close and we all
would rather stay in and play video
games and hang out then go out but
sometimes it's good to be out in the
world and be out and about but you
almost ready to go so we do that really
cool thing that we did yesterday but I
didn't put in the vlog but now I'm going
to yeah because we can do it better
yep nice skip on everything you did yeah
except for the Jumbo ones they didn't
have jumbo ones but we can make it jumbo
I'm going to start blogging more without
saying anything I was going to see what
you do
chabela chicken nugget ah Thank You
Vanity Fair for having this YouTube
greater event we saw a lot of friends we
had a lot of fun but now it's time for
pizza and then I'm going to show you
some of that dope dope it's gonna be
awesome
it is finally time to show you this cool
thing that I wanted to show you for a
long time I actually tested on yesterday
I blew my oh it's oh you don't even know
Aaron and Sara have not seen this so
we're about to blow their minds and
Lauren's are watching again and I'm
gonna watch it and it's gonna go time to
put this marshmallow in the microwave
first put a marshmallow on a paper plate
I don't have a plate but I have a bowl
and if you turn upside down looks cool
just watch it my friends is it in bed
too scared of my foot no doesn't give my
working
I'm gonna work we're supposed to do all
over supposed to like do that risky
don't watch it look look oh no because
you get it that's it gets pretty big
that's pretty big
ha ha ha I know it's crazier so crazy
whoever put it in for longer than that
nobody just starts toasting I mean I
have I just starts toasting
round two
Oh
here we go
oh they're getting big oh they're gonna
overflow ha ha ha
oh my gosh look look what happen they
all fell marshmallows shish kebab wait
probably not there
oh no it's falling oh no dang it's like
that glass here this is so dirty
darn it alright
oh wait maybe yeah oh oh no
Oh Oh
would
whoa drinks blood final round it's not
gonna be good this is gonna be so bad
here we go nothing yet
Oh
but wait
what's up dude something's happening
it's definitely getting bigger unique
I've said the ones in the middle okay
alright okay oh that's a soup it's a
it's a marshmallow soup now
whoa oh my god what
water that looks so good oh my gosh
like.oh anymore done okay here we go
again
Oh two minutes in white
you expect this I know was it haha look
a brain and look bitch it and completely
encompass the ball
it is so deflated with hot shit oh oh oh
is it is it like one now what one
marquise this is light what my gosh I
you did whoa it's completely deflating
oh no oh can we make something that - Oh
out oh it's hot uh-huh
that was crazy I don't care who you are
like even if you've seen that before
that was insane
tomorrow I have an equally insane thing
that Lauren I've been hiding from Lauren
and I can show her tomorrow and I'll
show you guys and I promise trust me
it's gonna be on that dope dope welcome
to the end of vlog why cause remaining
everybody is every time ah don't not him
- putting me not him
he's 25% of the memory I put him in
microwave and see what happens to him
yeah buddy what you in the microwave
oh my god nobody bread no hard to know
this nobody know hope you guys can
hardly read I hope you guys enjoyed that
bars Oh a big I really cannot believe I
went my whole life without seeing that I
can't no no no for fun have you ever
seen it to that extent no cuz you get
scared yeah that was bad on I have to
clean the microwave and it was never
worth it for me oh there it goes okay I
think it was worth it and I have a lot
more things like that little things I
don't want to show you guys I'm gonna
show you like everyday I'll show you
something new or something cool and you
ready you I'll show you what we're gonna
do today right now but like I show you
guys you can see on tomorrow's vlog
goody
yeah
what's that even mean you'll see just
wait what is behind my hand is gonna
blow your mind I'm telling you I'll
explain it to you later
and but it's whoo buddy you're gonna
just wait just wait
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be lit so make
sure to come back it's gonna be uh it's
gonna be silly ha ha ha it's gonna be
out of this world it's gonna attract you
to the vlogs oh is that so many hints
you think they're gonna get it from that
Oh No you're the worst I think giving
tomorrow's vlog is gonna shine bright
like a diamond like a like a like a
diamond yeah I'll show them the back of
it nope it sounds good those gonna do
some crazy CSI stuff and go figure out
about this how about this sorry guys
can't show you gotta come back tomorrow
until I see you again which will be
tomorrow as always do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong ok bye
