what it is would it be would it dude oh
that's right
bald Alex I did it couldn't handle the
blood anymore it's gone it's done Aaron
hi oh my gosh you like it yeah I had to
do it I know I like it this way don't
touch it don't okay it's fake its fake
yeah you can touch it you can touch it
go go oh my god the reason I dyed my
hair in the first place is because I've
never done it before and I wanted to do
it so I did it now I have this urge to
shave my head I really want to do it so
I'm testing it out with a bald cap I had
a makeup artist come through and do this
for me and let's see what people think
oh hey you're watching this right now
but I promise like halfway through this
vlog you're gonna have this thought pop
in your head you're gonna be like you
know he can pull it off it does a little
bit bad doesn't look that bad just wait
just wait okay okay how about now how
about already
thank God boy I feel like I looked more
like a turtle hey mom's spaghetti he's
nervous but on the surface he looks calm
and ready to drop bombs but he keeps on
forgetting what he wrote down the whole
crowd goes so loud he opens his mouth
but it's worth shaved his head oh my
gosh
leave down below what I look like turtle
there's caterpillar there's squirtle na
na squirtle
I look like a worm just finish the live
stream and if you guys came from there
you know that I was joking and is not
ill now you know it's not real but you
know a little freaked out they said wow
I can't believe you did that you just
got the new hair whatever but a lot of
you said wow like it kind of works like
it looks ok I think he looked at two
especially if the hair wasn't under this
this is a bald cap I had a professional
mega mejor his calm put it on there's
hair all my hair is still under there
what if the hair wasn't there then I
wouldn't look like the guy from Megamind
the evil genius is the big blue head I
wouldn't look like that so maybe it's
still a possibility
I suppose see Laura's reaction she
didn't know this was happening
she's coming over very soon I think I
can rock it let me know if you guys
don't like it like this video if you
guys do like it like this video I
explain this in yesterday's vlog but
that views are not views to me views are
smiles all I want to do is make people
smile positivity spread it all over the
world every single video I put up every
single vlog up one out every single
anything I put out even any tweet I put
out admit to make you smile views to me
or smiles I don't even like the word
views I like the word smiles and if you
like it that's a super smile so super
smile smile whatever you want to do just
to know I love you guys and I hope you
love me with or without here
we think nah you don't like it nah no
it's not real but it looks good
whoa and yeah whoa yeah what are you
filming nothing what I just want to say
look that would be like to be blown
front for one day for one full day as it
has a treatment yet I I don't know I
just she just left the make the board
just left you feel good yeah I like it
everybody's bald it kind of looks like
my your father yeah maybe nice so here's
the big news I just did a live stream on
my second channel youtube.com slash
al-kitabi and I announced the big news
I'm going to share it here it is now the
first ever ever ever YouTube live
streaming channel that channel I will be
live-streaming randomly often every
Wednesday I definitely will live stream
but then I'll randomly live stream on
other days too if I'm feeling sad a live
stream tell you guys about it if I'm
happy I'll live stream tell you guys
about it if I'm excited or something
I'll probably talk about on there if
something big happens in the news I'll
probably live stream and talk about it
there so go subscribe to my second
channel if you haven't because these
vlogs are a day late live streams are
right then right there right now if you
missed the last room don't worry about
it you can still go watch it you'll
still be up but I'm excited to share
this new adventure with you after you're
vlogging now I took it another level now
I'm live-streaming all the time that's
the big news I'm excited to take this
journey with you guys and I hope you are
too but Laurens here she talked on the
door coming
what that's not real yeah no it's not
yes are you gonna suddenly get love me
no matter what that's what I said
nuh nuh okay not real is not real I know
oh you're so wrinkly I know is it same
colors my face it's so scary is it gonna
kiss me and kissing me you don't like it
I'm thinking about actually doing it
this is like a test run I'm really gonna
do it like a little bit but not all the
way why the whole thing cuz I still look
so sexy Alex a smooth like like like an
egg everybody knows that the sexiest
things in the world are eggs like eggs
are sexy what's his name again
Megamind no often tars dr. evil yeah oh
yeah
Asian dr. evil / Megamind
we're on the way right now to the Grove
see if we can find some wasabi uns and
say hi in person is that someone who
hasn't caught up on the blog so let me
be like oh my god what am I missing
before I'm dead so no that's a lie yeah
oh yeah you're right okay
they are they're gonna be like not watch
for a monthly rent happy to come today
and they're like oh my god I miss you I
want to see you a chicken egg a bottle
find all these people
hashtag chicken nugget wah wah dah
chicken look at what no power what yours
looks good and this is something I've
never had before
I usually get chicken alfredo but it's
like 1,600 calories so not today that's
interesting though no not oh you're
right uh I probably should have checked
guys can I sleep in this tonight
I am a grown man I can make my own
decisions past sleep in it tonight
okay came to the Grove wanting to meet
some you guys this is the first time we
came to the mall and we didn't see
anybody
Hey good always be view will the Grove
also sad I think maybe I think there
were some wasabi but they were too
scared to come up because they're like
wait that's not that can't be him that
guy oh that egg man cannot be him
oh my gosh I can't wait to rip it off
you gotta go home and rip it off yeah
yeah you'll peel it off yep
please should we use the remover help
just pull it yep she said am I hurt yep
okay let's do it
guys I got a package this was a really
cool one I just opened it there's
nothing in there right now except for
this this is pretty awesome I love these
things
I can't let Lauren see it until I
actually use it in the vlog but I'm
super excited about it I promise I won't
use it either
yeah I'm not gonna use it either okay
now pull this off my head please action
let's cut it off let's cut it off this
thing actually holds in a lot of heat
and it's it's I got to get it off
it's killing me I like no I like I like
being bald I just can't have this cap on
to me anymore please cut it off please
please please please stop being a
whippersnapper what I put it in like
this and then go and and I tilt it and
then go do you know how I'd say this is
I just like to make a flame of this is
not my ID and I did not want because
guys it's gonna look crazy cuz it's my
head but it's not really my head it's
the cap and I have to get off your
Vicky's if I use scissors it's gonna cut
my hair hold on wait don't don't cut it
just put it in oh my god I know if I
should go further back oh my god oh my
cutting are you cutting oh my god
haha why okay stop so so so so so so oh
oh my gosh oh my gosh I'm so freaked out
I I know it's not real but it looks real
oh look what you're sprouting I'm
spreading here Oh
I like a baby hey baby it's my first
batch it's like it's like the baby emoji
yeah oh my god I'm the baby am i doing
up with the baby with you right next to
me
we're twins that win regret okay ready
yeah
Oh rip it open oh my gosh you're
breaking me out hey go honey can't let
me get my hands in here
Oh Oh your head smells so sweaty
really oh yeah oh okay all right okay
that's weird that's weird
oh yeah oh oh oh oh oh my god to hurt No
Wow she say why do some more moist get a
living hurry okay good oh you've got
like a little skin still he's still got
some latex on here
oh thank god I'm so glad it's over
all my hair like it's super jelly man
what you got some more skin here oh all
right she said definitely 100% don't you
do not do that do not pull it off
without the makeup remover but it's okay
anymore it's probably is you're gonna
pull like this oh my god I don't think
I'm a tan line but that's just the
makeup she used to match it got a little
more light over here - okay no that's it
what that's how you reward me what
happened yeah popped up I did but look
at that that is insane
well this stuff
ow approach should be pulling us off
because I was explicitly told not to but
you know who y'all learn from your
mistakes and like you doing can't be
learned enough that if you don't make
some mistakes
mix it gross
hello where's the earth we don't need
them this time hey what do you mean
welcome to the end of vlog talk with the
family my day of baldness was awesome
everybody loved it
Lauren misses it already it'd look
better if I really had no hair would
look better I promise
Mike I look like I have a ten head
instead of a forehead head I was like a
14 head but that's cuz I had hair under
that if it was gone it would be that a
big brain in there it's fine have a big
head so I can do it No ah comment below
if you think it'd look good be honest
you don't retweet I got blaming me they
were like what are you I was like at
least they know who wears the pants in
this relationship I liked it and I might
do it again in the future so one day
when you come watch my vlogs maybe they
really will be bold and I'll like even
rub it and pull on it so you can see
that it's real don't worry guys know
what that happened what happened if you
watch my first year of vlogs you'll know
that when uh I took no you took me to
White Nights you know I took she took me
how I from my birthday we met a friend
and we have not seen that friend since
but I'm super excited to say that we're
gonna see him again today we're gonna go
on some crazy adventures if you want to
go look it up it's like epic ye
girlfriend birthday surprise or
something like that it's winter in
Hawaii there might be a playlist go
check it out we're gonna meet up with
that guy again and
and it's going to be exciting so see you
guys tomorrow
on the next vlog come back I'm going to
miss your face and until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong
