Oh oh my gosh mm oh so down yeah go
backwards good kick it no no no no wrong
way up to scared I'm not ready I'm not
ready what it is would it be would it do
tow with my boys Ron and AJ hey oh my
gosh my Filipino brothers and we are
here with Lauren my Japanese girlfriend
chicken nugget ah that's the sound
chicken nuggets make ah you can also
pull up being Filipino you think yeah
expose me I go what's up with it
whatever that your noise is I let go oh
that's nice on me I'll teach you
something else
my dad gotta know what that mean uh I
made you beautiful oh yeah so you see
the bees make more vulgar okay uh not
too vulgar this is a PG channel like if
I can say like Alex you're a Butthead
oh no say Alex hung it ha Alex panic
pack pounding it Fung it hiney car cat
yeah Alex knows what that means what
does it weigh the smelly no what's your
ugly Oh ugly I say how you smell really
yeah ma ba ha ha Mubarak ah ba ba ha ha
oh you boy
oh okay I usually don't smile after that
like that
bah bah ha ha yeah AJ is here because we
just participated in his world-renowned
Thank You Disney song challenge he has a
lot of his friends on there and Laura
and I just battled to the death
not really but we battle ready mugs that
almost to death I'm not gonna tell you
who won yes
you know who won I you got to see the
real winner see when and it's actually
me exactly what that coming up um next
Monday next Monday so go check it out
look are you eating my hamburgers oh
good no they're not real hey this guy's
real hamburger you very another puppy
tonight
yeah yeah really mastiff master they
poop everywhere it's okay
Aaron can claim it I'll bring it up I'll
try I'll see we'll just make sure to
welcome like every hour they poop a lot
and they peed those guys piece so much
oh darn it ring bleed the shirt bad dog
I love short fat bad things
she's a Jefferson dachshund Oh short fat
things are my favorite yeah so close to
six million subscribers we're gonna hit
it today today less than two thousand
away less than fifteen hundred away from
6 million with savvy ins Oh oh my gosh
that's crazy
Lauren I'm almost at 6 million
subscribers less than 2,000 less than
less than 2,000 what are you doing what
I'm not vlogging no Matt you're pooping
that's gross Oh cute chicken nugget
poops oh my gosh I almost missed it oh
it's going so fast are you tipping it in
hey hey hey 33:15 good hey hey hey 17:17
video 1600 oh my gosh mm Oh so down yeah
go backwards good kick it no no no no
wrong way up too scared I'm not ready
I'm not ready oh my gosh oh my gosh
9 8 7 Oh No Oh 10 9 8 oh look at that
generator 16 almost two Biggie's Oh
6-minute the sky burns oh my gosh oh my
gosh uh I want to thank um uh I don't
think my parents don't think all of you
guys I know don't want to think that
super over there I don't want to take
thanks little mocha mocha thank you
thank you for all your support six many
subscribers that is cream you know that
close to missing it that was pretty so
fast
mocha do you understand what's happening
do you understand that is I don't even
know what to say
yes go Foreman house the most kisses has
ever been in a noxious lobby walk ever
era yeah six million every once in a
while
Lauren and I come up with random
nicknames for each other I think the
first one and the one that we've I've
been using the longest is little petunia
yeah but I think I like chicken nugget
better be my little chicken nugget it's
on the chicken tender I kind of want to
be the big chicken nugget
that's a little words though is it okay
chicken tender yeah chicken tender and
chicken nugget money I call Lauren a
chicken I was once on she was in bed and
she had the covers all the way up to her
neck and all you could see was this
chicken nugget head just like this I'll
end the chicken nugget you got the book
here's a chicken nuggets ha ha
Oh Ellen would you want to go on a
little show oh yeah oh my gosh out of
any talk show it would be on then it
would be the Jimmy Fallon house but
first is the Ellen show of course Ellen
show of course and then Jimmy Fallon
yeah
and then the other ones like I wouldn't
it's whatever
but Ellen and Jimmy we come for you one
day oh no okay oh yes it's not good
lighting
they worked hello this is Evan those
great fuzzies back hello everybody
missed you all my comments were like I
miss Busey don't lie hahaha I think I
saw one boozie boozie boozie boozie
boozie boozie boozie uh yeah you mean it
I miss low
okay what question keep bugging me if
you like me what about 104 I'm at 104
where the wasabi is checking ready
oh you better not edit that out if
you're a real one you don't get it out
oh I didn't record that that actually
recorded
that's it I've got a lot of cool guys
I'm not I did this that's really good I
did a good job
remember I told you guys to get excited
whenever I get a package well this one
in particular keep your eyes open for
because it's about to get painful like
super doper painful one second waiting
for you
wait where's everybody why do they have
to be here every time cuz fabory
like having family dinner with only tip
tip you're sending your family it's
weird
welcome to the end of vlog talk part
beer very like a little pancake
I was gonna do something really cool
really cool but uh I decided not to take
away from the fact that we hit six
million subscribers today
that is
pretty cool I think we can get seven
million by by 2017 okay well maybe
that's a lot basic easy and safe before
your birthday ye
mm-hmm yes before my birthday which is
March 28 so that's five months six
months six months so in the next six
months we're gonna get that seven that
cool thing I was gonna do is gonna
happen and you will see it on the next
vlog it's gonna be really cool
I can't wait she told me about it I was
like no way that's impossible she's like
trust me you're gonna happy mind-blowing
I was like what how come I've never seen
this and she's like I don't know but
I've seen it and it's ridiculous so it's
gonna go down are you smelling them oh
thank you guys for all the support I
really cannot believe there's six
million people subscribe to this channel
this is this is a heartwarming the whole
reason I started vlogging is just
because that I feel like that is the
most effective way to spread as many
smiles and happiness and positive vibes
around the world and I believe that is
working according to your comments and
tweets and everything you guys are
enjoying them
I'm glad you loving them I don't count
success by how many views I get I count
six s by how many smiles so when it says
like a million views in one day or
whatever million or views whatever it's
actually a million smiles so that's what
I'm going for
what if someone watch it's super hard
and they just like super smiled and they
watched it like three times then they
probably like the vlog two likes are
like super smiles views are regular
smiles so if you smiled at all
throughout this vlog then I want you
guys go hit that like button right now
so I know that you super smiled like
this super super smile super hahaha I
love you guys and and I can't thank you
enough I appreciate every single thing
you do every little fan art every single
retweet every single Instagram picture
you guys like every every little thing
you do I promise it means the world to
me
I I can't wait to see where we go next
mmm I really think we can get seven
million by the end of the year I don't
know why we've never done a million subs
in three months before but for some
reason I feel like it's gonna happen I
feel it and if we don't make it by that
it's okay we can go back to the birthday
plan yeah see you guys on the next vlog
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember wait tomorrow I am doing a live
stream on the second channel to tell you
guys something I what I'm gonna be doing
with the second channel I can finally
tell you it's gonna be awesome
just wait go over there be ready
subscribe because I'm about to announce
something really cool and it's all for
you guys so see you next time I see you
which holds me tomorrow and don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong and I'll show you guys
how to do that and one of these vlogs
coming up too
