Laurie we gotta go they're gonna beat me
how much does iphone7 over $1,000 come
on
but I didn't know that much Sam
good what it is would it be what it do
Jo going hiking with Erin Sarah and
Lauren and we are going up there
zoom in it's American flag almost almost
there that is our destination
destination flag team pink vs. team
turquoise oh let's go okay we're gonna
strategize strategize ready okay so um
you just launched me up there yeah and
uh oh wow joining it and I'll play okay
so what's a chicken a coatl go that's a
good waddle do faster faster chicken
nugget ah yeah yeah oh yeah come on
they're beating us go gun I'm gonna push
your be tuned I've just admit defeat
until I guess besides just hoping yeah
it really is really is not it's like the
opposite for me what do you mean
meaning I'm pushing and and myself you
and myself chicken nuggets are heavy
yeah you're lucky you're cute little
chicken nugget ah but this chicken
tender is tired
I like the Hollywood sign Hollywood
Hollywood that's where I live and that's
where you should because it's dope and
so are you everybody come poop in
Hollywood because it's on that dog doe
side note you guys have let me know come
on ball Oh My glob that's deeper there
you guys have important to me via
Twitter and other social media that I am
about to hit six million subscribers on
my channel
which is awesome it's all thanks to you
guys I wouldn't have any subscribers if
it wasn't for you guys because you are
the subscribers oh yeah my brother I
don't know if I'm out of breath because
the steep hill I just walked up or
because of the overwhelming support you
guys give what I did day to day basis
what you took a look at the West funded
chicken nuggets Oh naked chicken I got
close
we got options we got easy hard medium
let's do this one this one right there
yeah but this is hard let's do it let's
die together yeah let's go come on I'll
take the backpack yeah okay wait let's
go first each eaters huh why cuz we
called it I'm gonna have to all right
everybody long you gonna keep up oh good
lord oh my god goes there go oh geez
teve niggas you know something I'm dyin
now go away sir huh so close second
she tried ukemi choke me she got her
take off in a second hey
huh got the stuff like homeless so close
huh Master how worth it that was high
hey Pig yeah our slowpokes
we've been up here for like 10 hours
waiting on you come on Lauren
come on little chicken nugget Lauren
uses a lot of sound effects when she
does outdoor things you didn't put a lot
of work but it was a lot of worth it is
actually the highest point of Griffith
Park in Los Angeles California and above
the clouds above the plains above la
Thanks I like your doggie it was a long
trek up are we racing back down no are
you sure look you guys don't have to
race but alright if you touch the car
before me I'll buy you an iPhone 7 when
it comes out
alright is it out already is it already
is there yeah yeah it's out it's okay
yeah whatever I go get mine I'll buy
whoever touches the car before me one
two
wait deal yeah no I'll probably get it
at some point soon from am going to
iPhone hahahahaha bye sir hey where you
go Laurie we gotta go they're gonna beat
me how much does - seven over $1000 come
on
but I didn't know that much Sam I'm good
Cheers hey sir when you're costing me
alone go not money's good
good you made a bad deal I know but I
thought I thought you were gonna run -
and then we could all run I don't you're
gonna lag behind like a little chicken
nugget I can't leave you come on
why is a random point here what Sarah
hey she's gone now you're just sitting
down come on
you see looked at all the way all the
way in there Sarah nerd way down there
and you're squatting on come on we can
still beat them we have to what about
you son go trip come on
I guess we're gonna cancel the trip to
Paris I don't know I got to buy them
phones now really paid for is oh yeah
well no creme brulee then November lion
ferrets we got to cut back that is Sarah
this is Lauren I'm not zoomed to him
this whole lies would be me filming you
struggling oh yeah what is this what
what are you instagramming right now you
know what's on the line
no this is a $3,000 hike right now he
died he does he could make it it's not
that steep we can't get all the way down
there mister grab my leg all i'm doing
like shuffle down i don't know what
we're gonna do I think we got her this
way come on team pink is struggling
right now we just it's not that far much
down as a guy that's actually pretty far
did you both meet you but he touched it
with a foot first
okay you guys both get iPhone 7 you
cheaters I had a little chicken nugget
today forever I didn't I didn't I didn't
think about that part of the the race
how long you think it took to get down
that mountain 15 for them how long I
take five minutes I believe that is the
fastest way to lose to iPhone brand new
iPhone sevens and by six it's okay cuz
Sarah brought her little puppy I'm oka
hi mocha mocha mocha mocha mocha mocha
Oh baby like I don't know what like that
I can no bean there's a little bean
maybe jumping here let's convene hey
buddy hey mocha welcome no she is Wow oh
there you go she is wrong okay good
sleep take a little nap okay this dog
says your hand and I have really small
hands it really small hands it's a lot
of work being cute oh no I know I I'm
exhausted
every day he said that I stole a pumper
yeah
mocha I know you're comfy but we had a
new home for you you're gonna
okay you're gonna freak out like you
know like I know you don't tell it come
on I'm gonna like it
MOCA meets me you'd sneak sneak sneak
you you won't watch it sneaky sneaky I
got a company you should come see it
just need you yeah okay this is their
favorite color the whole time whether
you want to share it with you just me
it's a sneak
oh no she wants you oh oh no oh oh oh oh
oh okay class we want directly back to
the spot oh all right are we exploring
now wait nope
what's happening sneak sneak sneak yeah
and yesterday's vlog I mentioned that I
was gonna give these guys away and I am
but just know these are not the cameras
I have this is g1x I'm work - I meant to
get the g7x mark - there's two of them
and I will be giving them away to you
guys once I get back from Paris because
I gotta get back to Paris that I'll do
the giveaway cuz I'm a lot of things I
give away actually I want to give away
this hoverboard but I think it's too big
to mail I mean not hoverboard razor
electric razor right here this one I
gotta get repaired cuz I love this one
but this one's too big I don't want it I
want to give it away maybe I'll give it
away to somebody that lives in LA and
I'll just meet up with you and be like
here um but there's a bunch of stuff
around here that I play with and then I
don't want it anymore so expect some
giveaways coming to a screen near you
you know I'm sitting here making my
macaroni and cheese and I'm thinkin and
the last vlog I I said I was gonna shave
my head and I was going to but I got
scared I have to go to the bottom I
don't think I could do it uh but maybe
maybe tomorrow or the next day or the
next day
sometime this week i'ma shave it I'm
gonna do it
I should do it right it's my hair I can
do it I what Oh we'll see we'll see
we'll see we'll see we'll see
I gotta start making better food
decisions but for tonight
it's all about that mac mac mac and
cheese get it get it get it
Matt Matt and cheese mac mac and cheese
and cheese cup jeez oh jeez
mmm welcome to the end of vlog talk
about
oh it's currently the next morning and I
have tired and sore because that was a
hike I know you guys telling me struck
down on on on screen but I was trying to
hold back for you guys I'll tie her up I
almost threw up I was like oh when I got
to the top I had to turn the camera off
and lay down on a picnic table for like
ten minutes all right I need to get back
in the gym this is this is I'm aware of
this now my friend AJ Rafael is coming
over right now to collapse I got to keep
this short because I cannot finish
editing it and get it up for you guys
because I love you guys and you're cute
and sorry yeah I think I got enough I'm
pointing at them
you said fair for you you know I didn't
do the head as Chris yuck Hey oh you're
holding it yeah ha ha ha yeah sorry
scient so I'll see you guys tomorrow
like I always do on the next vlog until
then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong
