no don't don't bring that leave that
there you can't go to the store like
that what it is would it be what it dude
oh it's Noble calm no why because that's
a pregnancy pillow so she's not pregnant
guys we're not getting married I'm not
proposing this is just actually a really
comfy pillow but it happens to be for a
pregnancy if you don't have a pretty
girl you're doing it wrong what what is
it
I tried to order the next version of the
camera I have but I accidentally ordered
this one which is not what I wanted and
somehow ordered it twice so I feel like
a giveaway is coming
who wants a camera if you go to my
second channel and watch the vlogs then
you can see the whole first year of my
love money but if you haven't there's a
bunch of things that I used to say
and/or do that you guys don't know about
it so I'm gonna try do it today first
off a lot of the times at the beginning
my vlogs I like to sing a jingle and it
goes a little something like this
safety first
new new vlog is out new dog is out a a
new new vlog is out ok ok
to be honest that was the first it was
the Cheesecake Factory song I love
cheesecake factory were walking in and I
was like we're going to cheesecake
cheese cake factory Cheesecake Factory
hey hey cheese cake factory Cheesecake
Factory now I have transformed that
jingle into my favorite jingle new new
vlog is out noot noot vlogs out a a new
new vlogs out noot noot vlog is uh why
don't you like that soon it sounds scary
I don't like it come on
another thing I like to do and it makes
me laugh every time is to see if my
friends can do this
or this or this
I like it
the tiger cuts up through the other side
again I'll have those notes mokey you
can't come
okay harder harder it's impossible
harder you giving up hold it wait do it
try again oh that's so disgusting
where is really good at it
that's horrible I can't do it your
clothes I got it I got it
stop like I got ya
if we could also take a moment and say a
little tiny prayer for my hair because
I'm about to put it in the hands of this
blondie I don't want you talking about
let me see your hands let me see the
trustworthy let me see mmm so
trustworthy okay I'm nervous guys she's
about to die it again you're gonna learn
from YouTube right now you've never done
it before ever
you've never does forever right tell
truth ah first step to dye your hair
take a shower clean it up come on Lauren
my chair is complete what's next
dyeing your hair is a long process so
you need snacks you got candy Nature
Valley macaroni cheese top ramen and at
all can of delicious Koko diet cola and
so it begins
I didn't party she loves sports here so
discuss you always loved it for it so I
folded your little child you'll have it
far we are smiling where you're talking
about dog rat
oh my shirt come on we fix it up when
those veggies tired yeah you know just
just
Juanita's it's quicker fine I'm just not
happy one
good working in purple is supposed to be
purple yeah oh you got an undershirt a
lot there's the drip we actually turn
your cape around was enough yeah okay
toning complete I don't know if you guys
could tell it was like yellow like
yellow yellow like crayon yellow and now
it's like dull it's white I like a
better and toned you want to it a little
more do you want to round two we can
finally get started on training
everybody in the whole wide world
watches train your things except for us
and we got to catch up now it's so crazy
because it's so good that none of my
friends like I'm a local what happens
and they're like nope it's that good you
have to go watch it we can't even give
you a hint I don't want to describe it
at all you just can't get sucked into
this world
you will watch it so that's what we're
gonna do I'm gonna watch it all tonight
please vlog about because there's the
earth
tell us what happens in the comments oh
all of it how many are there a million
like 40,000 okay let's watch a 40,000
then and so we're watching for you as
you can see this so you can't spoil
anything for those people that spoil
things
spoilers hello
my guy in the back yeah I'm getting
Lawrence tuning my hair right now
fuck your fucking eye my eye thank you
for taking your oh you
and I can I know I've got that everyone
likes it turned out really well they
remember when you were baby mommy don't
sing you cannot sleep hmm
sleeping you belong to me tell me after
this city
remember that's up yeah anyways my boss
here they doing a hard walk okay they
want kissing was a tenacious they
chasing me here's Valerie hey you want
to donate me walking in the Heart Walk
yeah oh yeah I love you you're awesome
how are you doing get are you good my
little girl wanted you by is she gonna
be jealous my boss to you let me say hi
I will she's like do you know what Alex
did today
yes like no baby was it Alex dude the
sweet you she absolutely loves you guys
yeah how you get my finger again I don't
know how much are people usually doing
tiny that is $40 25 plant the seeds of
research funding no no teach more than
2500 kids how to avoid obesity and live
longer all that's important now what Oh
Briella to complete it is gray like
silvery blonde wasabi blonde a little
purple in here it's back to wasabi
blonde now with a little bit of lavender
just like it was when I first got done
and now it's time to style
hey 800 I just need to get this faded in
like a week or two it's gonna be black
it's gonna be like silver wasabi blonde
on top Oh buddy Oh cheap delicious ramen
noodles oh yeah here you guys want some
here you go oh my heart's so good ah I'm
fogged up it's so good look hey what
welcome to the end of vlog talk where's
Emily everybody who Oh take bear bear
the other day Lauren and I went to the
great concert looking for revenge
all right so I had I give it when we
know they can't see only had I feel it's
mine
throw me what anyways we went to the
concert and my friends at SeatGeek
hooked us up with amazing tickets we
were writing like almost directly in the
front I don't care
see geek is an app where you can go and
look for tickets it shows you a variety
of tickets and it tells you which was
the best one they like rated for like
zero to 100 but the cool thing about it
is you pick you click on the seat that
you want to sit at and then it will show
you a picture a point of view towards
the stage or the court or whatever the
arena or whatever and it's really cool
it shows you exactly we're gonna be just
like whether you're like you might be
behind a pole or something it will let
you know that other without having one
direction what kind of so sad you're
mindful so sad
I didn't tell me that I had a part of
you I was so sad now here's the cool
thing
go click on the link below it'll take
you to the app and you can enter the
promo code cuckoo and you can get $20
off your first ticket purchase to
anywhere you want to go any show
anywhere
Broadway sports uh we're what go have
fun
on me and Dirk dirt and Berber and ever
no not ever I take that back remember
okay and over now before we go there's
something I've been meaning to tell
Lauren yeah yeah yeah I don't like my
hair anymore oh my god what I hate her
we did mean not just been like no he
didn't but I didn't like it before
either I think I want to go back to
black okay good Jane so what are my
options
um I can dye it back black but it'll
still be frizzy yeah so I should just
that I have to shake it off and I mean
that's that's not an option well I'll
think about it but until the next vlog
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
