what it is would it be what it do dull
welcome to another day today it's a
beautiful day outside so I kind of want
to go on an adventure but I don't have
anybody to go with wait wait hold on
hello are there any friends in here
let's go getting prepared for the
adventure that is about to happen it's
gonna go down and it's gonna be on that
dope dope and I hope we make it out
alive are you coming with us I guess you
guys need some protection yeah we got it
we got we got we got this I got some of
these but okay we got you one - that
one's mine
this one's his and this one's Mitchell's
and uh we got you get you this one
that's good hey yeah all right ha ha
put it next to one that has no
correlation showed anything else huh are
you imagine insert that's perfect about
the change will be testing out
flashlight to see who is more powerful
here in races that's pretty good pretty
good that's good all right now this one
is going to be my flashlight hmm all
right I think oh my like a yellow light
but oh well let's go oh we about to go
on an adventure right Neal times I got
to tell you guys we're going to the LA
abandoned haunted
zoo the person I donated it like the zoo
or the land of the Jews built on in like
the 1950s was super rich and then he
like got killed by his wife or he killed
his wife or something so something
there's some bad stories going on we're
gonna get to the bottom of it tonight
welcome to nap time with rice come
we came out here to scout the area
before coming back at night but we
actually we couldn't find it it's pretty
hidden accidentally went hiking like a
mile so we're gonna come back at night
we Scout the area we're just gonna have
to just wing it because we couldn't find
it but it's all good I believe in our
squad food update on the day Bryce got
tired cuz he said he slept two hours
last night he went back to his friend's
place took a nap and now he doesn't feel
like going out anymore so we're not
canceling it we're just postponing it
and we will do we are gonna go to a
haunted place cuz he really he really uh
he's really about that but I also took a
nap and now my hair is sticking up I
don't know if you can see it but
sleeping like on my back and now it's
extreme now I know the vlog is not long
but don't worry I got something planned
now I know the vlog isn't long but don't
worry because I said yo if you're gonna
cancel on me we got out you gotta help
me out and help me finish this vlog so
we got something special for you I did
it before on the second channel and I'm
not gonna lie uh it got me I got guy but
let's see if it can get me again let me
see let me see your hair Kyle it's just
it's too late take that off ah it's
silver it's like white a little bit of
pink that's cool I like
and a good job it's so proud of you
gotta start doing that looks good you
like it yeah I do
let's go do you think I'm pledges here
children this is Washington oh my gosh
you look like you look like like Santa
Claus before you became Santa Claus
I used to say yes or Jack Frost what's
like Santa Claus before he finds out he
has to like start getting cookies and
stuff and then he gained so much weight
but she's strict on to what if you like
my hair I fell asleep
ah and then it's gone
you're like it yeah that closely what do
you know you're lady yes you like it yes
you're a pain to make up for not making
it to the haunted house
we are gonna hit you with a little bit
of trying not to cringe here you go all
right all you to do is not make a face
I've never done this before I've seen
people do it I've never done it I'm
about to give it a shot all right let's
go
it has a million views you don't like
I'm gonna cringe ever
hey well you got you haunted oh here we
go here we go our ultimate crime you're
gonna tell it dislike oh so music is our
entrance Josh you will be going into the
nerd-off
haha hardest working player in the
stables uh yeah what are you cooking me
yeah Josh as much as I like you
and by the way so subscribing to you but
you are a redundancy in our programming
because I know every Pokemon haha I like
you 146 nobody hugs them back yeah ha
whatever you have a smile at him right
I'm gonna ever cringe but I don't either
yeah I'm not cringing anytime soon all
right we're gonna give it
let's give it two more minutes and we're
out or just skip like randomly oh you
write you write it and you do it you do
it well I didn't cringe so if another
youtuber does this challenge and they
cringe this prize bag no thank you
all right that's a good video look at
the editing Oh
wauw yellow is add oh my god these are
the cool kids in middle school today you
know what men just don't have feelings
like what is the part in their brain
that is emotional it's just like not as
good as females
oh yeah right hey we got to well there's
the do not cry or try not to cringe
Sean's who I actually cringe at that
laughing no I'm serious babe like I
think I feel like that greatest
challenge was not good maybe I was
watching the wrong video cometh the link
and I'm supposed to watch down below but
I feel like it was a subpar challenge
and I felt bad about it so the only one
way to make me feel better
yogurt you're my only friend yogurt
that's just cheating nerd hey there's
yogurt in there I want this is it's okay
this is diet diet cheesecake diet candy
and Froyo is good for you right
yes physically yogurt daddy come on it's
Froyo
oh my god just not real I didn't feel
like this yeah it's pretty much ha ha ha
ha
Santa Claus we saved you a seat hey
Laura things hurt is better than mine I
think mine's better hurt so we're about
to give each other the best bites we can
out of mixing this vision mine I've got
brownie cheesecake both flavors a gummy
worm and a gummy bear
okay mhm I move you don't mix gummy with
cereal mine is crunchy and sweet and
tart because of the nerds and the
Captain Crunch
I'm not kind of a finisher it's got out
chewy mmm which all looks good
he happens better
Alexes oh there's so many chewy things
and that like the little bears - your
eyes - the grams
cuz I'm okay better looking okay hahaha
my luck is your hats when he's your hat
twin nose fuck her welcome to the end of
were you mad give him her what I do did
you know I realizes it welcome to the
end of vlog talk was fully 100% prepared
to go ghost hunting but somebody fell
asleep but it's okay cuz we might go in
the next vlog so make sure to come back
also there's gonna be another dope
challenge today's was subpar house okay
did you watch it you're watching it was
it okay did you laugh did you cry oh but
you left did you cringe ah well then it
worked
gonna cry with me again no they're so
sad I know I got out of my heart for so
long on the other channel we did I try
not to cry Johnson we might have to do
it again so sad now I believe in you I
don't I want to thank you guys for all
the support you guys been continuously
giving me whether it is just commenting
something positive under these vlogs
liking these vlogs or even even retweets
cuz you know it'd be like a memory
tweets see you guys on the next vlog and
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
he could fly
