Oh what it is would it be would it do
dull this is the first vlog ever on the
main channel hey I'm using my iPhone cuz
I my battery's dead I didn't charge it
on my camera so this is a good start I
do a really good start this we are
actually filming Lauren's video for
Sunday and then we're filming a video
for my channel on Sunday which is dope
because usually it's wasabi Wednesday
but there will be wasabi Wednesday but
since I post everyday I can also be in
happy every day so today we have me
Lauren and a giant group okay come
closer giant group okay
I'm sorry they don't speak grape oh
alright I can't show you guys what's on
top of my head right now but I have to
be very careful goody
you got that's head okay okay okay good
I don't know oh your teamwork teamwork
too much even raise a dream we got this
we got this we ratcheting a really good
job I think I'm gonna seem like like 45
flakes all I guess that's good out of
the 500 million yeah
that's not saying it's good ratio oh my
gosh oh you think this video is crazy
with TC mine I just dumped a hundred
layers of glitter off my hair and uh
this is what was left
oh it looks kind of cool it was the
person I'm seeing it I told you look
good we shout out my reaction on camera
this is I mean I guess we did but on
your camera wow that looks cool I told
you I look like a glittery unicron
prison oh my gosh I like it kind of
waste my hair down on the front Hey get
it get it if I should get if I should
keep this hairstyle let me know Oh My
glob she's cleaning
it's gonna get that's a lot of glitter
that is a lot of glitter Thank You more
my man no no no that's gross
now let's go through my crazy video ah
no more glitter hair now just wet hair
Alex
so cool so cool I wasn't able to do this
with my hair before I got died because
it was curly but once I get got dyed it
got a little straighter so now I can
like flip it and flop it and do some of
that and be like hey oh now the headache
I just woke up from a 3-hour nap and my
hair looks great
Wow beautiful that is just beauty and a
hairdo look at that and then look Kyle's
hair has been worked on for like four
hours by this lovely lady and they made
a lot of progress and progress look a
little less like a grape now I look like
worse
bogan nope still great I think I've
called you a grape like six times in
this one
I won't i won't say it anymore yet grape
and the camera battery is finally
recharged
i did not walk a lot today because i was
up all night last night re editing the
announcement montage for you guys i had
to download like 40 vlogs go through
like 14 hours of footage but i got it up
and i hope you guys liked it if you
haven't seen it go back and watch it now
um but i'm gonna give you something a
little special because
I slept three hours four hours today I
hope this big announcer I wasn't too
confusing I tried to put everything in
there but you know nobody's perfect
right GG I got a package with milk our
word a lot of things online so if you
ever seen me get a package in the mail
they just know that I just got something
really cool and I'm gonna show you guys
oh this one is actually I can't tell you
because if I tell you there might be
some youtubers i watch and they might
steal the idea so I can't show you
what's in my head right now
but soon you will see the awesomeness
but for now watch this hello we
interrupt this daily vlog to give you
300 layers of Swedish Fish Oreos I
really want to do it because the most
I've ever stacked together is like three
well I don't know every sector is he's
never took him to sing on and I put
three like like pretended you ate the
cookies actually give away no never no I
got a cookie I just eat it so simple I'm
just like you don't clothing food or you
want those kids that didn't wrap the
fruit roll-up around your thumb die did
that okay this should be this shouldn't
be too weird you got the pink yeah I got
that I got this one yeah uh-huh
Gigi wants to be in a little bit you
bring back teaching and now I'm going to
join you next u-kiss is the perspective
it's okay good all I wanna do is watch
you turn into a giant woman like giant
woman Steven universe it's 100 layers
but we have 128 this is 30 in each one
Colette you can get to do 60 first
cheese into these by yourself paper
towel please
with you overall the wife everything
yeah this is very dangerous
this camera don't get the cameraman the
mic guy over there my director
Gloria oh geez
sweet me just a car oh yeah get to do 60
other six people put together something
weird I know I don't like him I don't
like him either what came in so it's
nice of you hard
wait yeah okay the logistics of this e60
cream cookie no cookie 60 cream then I
get to hike I take mine yeah we got it
all right watch your elbows okay excuse
me excuse me you just know that every
time we make a face
you don't know I'm gonna zoom in on it
but how do I get this off like what no
it's fine you've got us the bottom why
wouldn't you just leave it on this one
what do I win if I die yeah um you can
pet Gigi for five minutes
no I'd appreciate you whenever I want Oh
here we'll just put the empty ones back
into the thingy what do I do about this
situation
oh no that sucks for you
hey this card now is give you 119 layers
well okay you got 19 mistakes oh my gosh
this is taking forever
hey up I like how clean you are over
there haha look at mine
oh yeah put them back in this thing I so
that the world isn't organized plays
boom response dawn you're living done
yeah so tilting it's not gonna stab
anybody's you have to put back room at
night you don't miss three you still get
that off you got 19 mess up okay all
right people what are you gonna with
cookie you scuffle uh
put them in you're glad why why he don't
here is show them yours
see this is mine this whole alright guy
cookies without three
mine and look at your little baby stag
and match this girl that's what she
sounds like every time she eats like
everywhere you go I know abridge oh hi
why so slow
hey we've been doing over there I've
been widely what up hey I got blended up
this is taking longer than expected
you like the new green light it makes us
beautiful it puts a twinkle in your eye
I like swedish fish and I like Oreos but
not together I love sweet rose and I
love words but that's blows just like
there ever is whoa this is the first
plot a new channel so you guys don't
know about bear bear but you will soon
and trust me he is gross there was no
glow super blows maybe the cutest bear
to ever exist a whole entire planet
uh-huh meet wolf little ball of
happiness and flop and joy he's evil he
thinks I'm trying to steal learn from
him and I take time away from him with
Lawrence oh he hates me and I hate him
and were mortal enemies hey what you
ready to go that wedding next week yeah
it's not our wedding guys if you're
making that face I take a look up and I
know I love my love face
get not our wedding we're going that
we're going to a friend's wedding and
I'm not proposing in Paris oh I'm
singing her for her birthday to Paris
Disneyland Oh end of September you guys
keep saying oh are you proposing are you
proposing I'm not proposing big we gotta
go check out that that parrot dog why is
it not working why are we stressing out
cuz we have no home we have no home
Airbnb is messing up and they are not
accepting our requests we've gotten
turned down how many times six six
Airbnb turned down Lorex six times we
just want to go to Paris I like it why
not pick the pups the purse she's like
two per good you are killing it and I
can't even like I'm not here is this
gross looking and short that's not
something you want to hear there's a
whole bunch of negative words that would
not me don't feel good yeah hey I have
three more there you go hey hey it's my
last one what whoa put something crazy
oh no of course Lassen's not cute it's
okay
you look cute messing it up if that
counts
Booya should you have a gross idea did
me and rocky face is yucky how are we
supposed to put that on that we can do
it
you gotta believe him do you believe you
believe in our capabilities as a what we
gonna do with that
Hey look see now it's it invisible oh my
god you won that race but this is where
this is where it all counts you tell me
it's go on top yeah I'm gonna move my
new peers in the center
ah don't look don't look now here we go
okay okay I'm your guy got some lenient
Bolinas happening some we image thanks
for his pranks you serious - this tooth
on your fish oh my god there is no way
he's gonna stay dose was too hard oh
look at that
one thing is yeah okay no I don't legal
sale wait oh my god it's so nasty that
concludes 100 layers of oreo swedish
fish back to your daily adventures hope
you guys like that challenge i'm gonna
be doing things like that in the middle
of laws or at the end of laws of the
game laws all the time because it's just
is just fun to do sometimes we in the
future Lauren's gonna be like remember
that time Oreo came out with those
swedish fish flavors and we stacked like
a hundred creams and routine - cookies
and I'll be like oh yeah also second
channel I'm doing a livestream at 1:00
p.m. today so this comes out at 12:00 so
exactly 1:00 p.m. go check it out
because I am doing a Q&A and you can ask
me live questions about the change about
the announcement there's a few things I
can't tell you like what's in the boxes
downstairs so that's - don't - a reveal
right now
and I can't tell you what I'm working on
for the second channel but I will live
stream and answer some questions so make
sure I go over there right now go go go
go go after wait now right now finish
the blog then go go go go go come chill
and hang out and we'll talk about some
stuff
these boxes are mystery boxes I haven't
told you guys what they are but one of
these days when I run out of something
to do and it's not a long vlog and I
have no more challenges no more
experiments no nothing then I shall open
these so I don't know when but one day I
will tell you what is in all those
mystery boxes are you sleepy DP time is
it time for the end the vlog and the
vlog what so cool I look like a chicken
nugget what so accurate come out here my
little chicken nuggets you look like the
deluxe chicken nugget though not the
regular to happy meal chicken look it no
don't get left behind
you're like such a like cute nugget that
you're almost a tender tender does it
down great Oh welcome to the end of vlog
I might not get you're not a nugget say
it
welcome to the end of vlog I'm not
giving you up who are these people
Turk Darian Jerry's pretty dope he's not
that bad he's a good guy Turkish he's on
that dope dope and then you got bear
bear yeah yeah yeah
so I said bear bear yeah bear yeah Oh
bail bail bail damn it bear bear yeah
yeah I said he's so lazy he's always
trying to hitch a ride on my shoulder
he's annoying
he talks a lot of crap when Lauren when
you're not around he talks so bad he
doesn't he uses like bad words yes he
does he's like he said you're a big poop
head
and you you are your hair looks like
silly and faiths gross get out of here
bear bear nobody you're not wanted this
is our family
chicken nugget Berber
and durg and an wasabi and you look
nervous
no I don't look bear bear are you know a
little face oh stop
you know nobody wants to see that can
you throws come on this is the family no
it's a family know what memory F am and
then you can go i or a ree family that's
all I have for you guys today
until tomorrow where there will be
another vlog and probably something else
just as dope as the hundred layer
challenge with Oreos until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember don't
remember that if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong okay bye
