Lauren what are you gonna be handcuffed
to me while I'm getting a tattoo
tomorrow yeah you ready for that tell
what it is would it be what it duped oh
it is January 3rd so that means it's
been about
oh nine days since Christmas alright and
we still have everything we can either
wait 360 something days and be early for
Christmas
and beyond that ready ready or we can
make it to buy buys keihan huh you can
have Hey
who's gonna help us get rid of all these
decorations
done goodbye Christmas tree you have
served as well but now we're back to a
non seasonal household basketball can
you still procreate
what are those handcuffs for what are we
doing a 24-hour handcuffed couple
challenge you I'm trying right they're
not even real I could easily break out
of those easy okay
all right we're not starting right now
are we no this sucks this sucks we have
to yeah okay just okay hey cook you to
my foot thank you please please please
anything you could pick this lock yet go
go get me out for you come on grab your
tools we need it when it all what is
this you got tweezers
I got a buy head and squeezy okay let's
see if you can do it there's no way I
know oh oh wait they look sharp okay oh
yeah an injury didn't happen I hope you
break any get stuck on forever okay this
is fun okay we can stop now
I'd like my wrist back okay okay we're
done with this game hey hey
Lauren what are you gonna be handcuffed
to me while I'm getting a tattoo
tomorrow yeah you ready for that it's
happening I'm gonna be handcuffed so
this should be interesting
I asked confession I'm a little nervous
yeah oh you'll never be about about
getting my first tattoo oh you'll be
fine how many do you have three I need
you to walk me through it what happens
what is it like feeling wise sensation
wise what happens so do you feel the
dragon right away or does he poke first
or what's happened know what it feels
like a bee sting getting dragged over
and over over no it's not it so you
don't feel the up and down it just feels
like dragging you like short drive from
zero to ten zero being sitting on a hard
bench it's uncomfortable and ten being
oh yeah the tattoo forgot ADHD down for
a second
I don't know I don't know I told Erin
it's up to him whatever he wants to get
because I know it's gonna be small so I
don't have to worry about it so it's
just something small wherever he wants
to get it we'll get it in the same place
and that's what it is would it be would
a dude Oh tomorrow he's gonna let us
know where it's gonna be and I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna see it until after
the tattoo I just dropped a lot of
knowledge on you guys I didn't even tell
you that yet do you think I'll be all
season feel it no thick skin you're the
best you know
no maybe this TV no welcome to the end
of vlog talk the tattoo
is tomorrow a very protective is here
there is no backing out now the
appointment said Erin and I are driving
over there at 2:00 p.m. to get it done I
literally did not think that I would be
scared and I'm not scared I'm just
slightly nervous / terrified of the
permanence of the situation meaning it's
gonna be on me forever and I don't even
know it is where it's gonna be all right
kind of man up I can't show fear does
not mean I'm not scared I got it I got
you guys with me we see guys tomorrow as
always now that I'm back in LA I've had
my family time and finally over the jet
lag I'm ready to go hard on the blahs
once again I know I've been missing days
I know I've been going through a lot you
know that I told you and I but I'm ready
I'm here and I got you I am not missing
any more days maybe probably sometimes
okay I'm gonna miss it
little days as I can do my best
see you guys tomorrow and as always do
not forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong okay bye
