are you looking for something as a
matter of fact yes I am have you seen my
balloon balloon what's it look like
what's it look like it's a balloon wait
is it ready
yes does it have a string attached to it
yes is it full of helium yes exactly
oh no I haven't seen it he'll chuck my
balloon didn't you I did silly stupid
balloon why you know I took it show me
where my balloon is Alex I told you I
don't have it then who has it I don't
know but I don't have it
yes you do only ones here who else could
have taken it
oh let me get an Instagram picture oh
you can take it take it take a pic ready
Oh Gigi hi
oh no oh snapchat snapchat hallo hallo
Oh TT bitch Attila GG's to tell a
chinchilla hey you have one of your
balloon you hello
TG Swift crazy you wait what where's my
teeny-tiny party hat your teeny-tiny
what my teeny-tiny party hat I don't
know what you're talking about you took
it
okay bye hey guys hope you enjoyed this
wasabi Wednesday I had a lot of fun
shooting with my big brother and TG was
super cute make sure to go to his
channel lazy wrong studios and check out
his stuff subscribe and go to my daily
vlog channel to see all the time scenes
stuff what happened today
all my daily activities and adventures
until next time okay bye hey cheat cheat
okay it's okay
eat it
