Guga be Oh what it is would it be 22 job
welcome to the first day of 2018 today
we're gonna reminisce moose you need to
remain calm remain calm
moose calm down moose relax bro you were
not like this when we first got you hey
get down
No you lose it moose they're distracted
me I got a vibe I got like four hours of
driving you're home and you're making a
mess are they which is it he had no idea
where that went
haha nowhere to go word awarding where'd
he go no he doesn't
there you go hi rose hi miss hey Mercy
Mercy Mercy Mercy yeah are you doing
this it's time to see Lorenz new house
are you ready ready are you ready Cup it
looks ready okay that's a like a run it
here we go moose this is your are you
pooping are you pooping bro well I guess
it had to happen sometime first group of
2018 at your new house just Lauren and I
spent Christmas with our families me and
North Carolina and her in Canada we have
not had a chance to exchange gifts so
it's about to go down right now you're
gonna give me my gift right now right
now in your brand-new house
ok ok here it is
this is it yeah sure okay let me see
yeah
they're guys out there the moment of
truth okay is it doing it yeah is it
happening II think this is anything is
performing wow you're super performing
boy whoa that that like I'm on a cloud
alors Exploud
so my presents that I got for you are
not going to be as crazy as previous
presence like remember Bora Bora if
you're still wondering what Bora Bora is
it's this what about Paris
but I still think you're gonna like my
presence I said its presents plural
welcome to the backyard mr. moose mr.
Guffey and miss your big brother
we got a hot tub we got a pool going
miss I knew you wouldn't do it
oh he literally just walked without
thinking oh there's water there does he
notice when I said go Guffey I meant
like as a joke I just I was like go
Bruce
I didn't think up you were doing but a
guppy didn't think oh that's water he
just thought it was flat ground I think
it was an accident I don't think it was
on purpose let me kind guppy oh it's
cold
guppy gone
it is cold come on cookie now he is
definitely an accident
hey let's stay away from the pool guys
go loose Oh Lucy got a leaf oh he got a
leaf go get it Oh Oh go must go go go go
oh so close
three two one you're free run make new
friends and make good choices my son
hello how are you my son
Lisa's okay he'll play them he's very
popular oh okay bro you're getting all
dirty bro oh this better not be rolling
around in that dark guppy you are so
tiny compared to every single dog
you're 100% the smallest dog in here
he's got speed oh look there's a corgi
go get him looked hello look up II smell
some buds make some friends got me which
one of you
oh there's three Guppies so tiring
having a kid remember when we used to be
like gigolo I used to be free remember
the Traveling you remember when we used
to travel oh I can't oh my gosh right
here it's right there here okay okay so
long
Oh Oh his breath stinks no in his mouth
Oh zebra
we got a zebra guys we got a zebra open
your mouth Oh open there you go whoa
they know the bus has the food whoa
this one is huge I could put my fist in
his nostril fill it ostrich pellet
ostrich ostrich hi buddy hi oh okay we
gotta go welcome to the sweet life of
Lorex on deck
it's about to go down you guys are about
to put the dirty songs into my car and
make the cleanest car into the dirtiest
car oh man okay all right
okay yeah all right we're clean look at
this look at this guy you know hooligan
dirty is positive you know my wife got
clean paws Rachel pop you got clean boss
mommy's got clean paws my paws are
created that CLE paws everything your
nose what do you think of Lauren's house
is big I know you think I should move in
yeah well she won't let me she said I
had to pick up 200 moose poops I picked
up the 16 so I got about a hundred and
sixty two more to go yeah it's not gonna
take this yeah what's your favorite
memory of 2017 was your favorite trip
Philippines Philippine sand fest fan Pez
you think they're gonna buy this thing
this year I mean they seem pretty
excited we got there
you just take a bath because you got
super dirty at the dog park okay I got
my present you ready for yours don't
look no I got you a lot of little baby
ones no no if you want to find out what
I got for Lauren go to her vlog tomorrow
and see what it is would it be able to
do no hey stop no no no missed a lot
throughout this video well coming to an
end and I got a lot more to say so I'm
going to list a mouth rapid-fire style
well let's go got into a giant balloon
way more than any person ever should
don't know what my friends really think
about me via the lie detector test you
consider me manly she said yes
science says why am i manly Logan said
yes
do you think I'm manly you said no lie
detector has results and the result is
you alive I'm so madly yes yes am i
manly you said yes it says true do you
think I'm manly that's truthful
he said no yeah that's truthful it's
true yeah don't anything in the
first-ever Lorex music video on the
savage annele
every time
built an entire pulpit in my apartment
then filling up Logan's bus with said
ball pit balls whoa whoa fulfilled a
lifelong dream of mine to give back to
my parents I brought you guys here
because I wanted to repay you
repay you for the life you gave us for
the love you put in our hearts and just
show you how much you need to be I got
you guys a little something held an epic
$5,000 montage contest for my wasabi use
got fake tattoo to the max
getting my first real tattoo there and
one Thursday's somehow ended up in to
YouTube red series lifeline and escape
tonight made my first movie debut where
I actually had lines in Tyler Perry's
Madea Halloween's boo - and I'll be
telling that YouTube rewind for the
fourth torn and drop the hottest merch
of all the times every merch new words
coming out on that soon soon whoa that
was a lot
we we that was so many things have
happened in 2017 but the most insane
thing is what you guys have done with
the support and love of this year you
guys have grown the wasabi family to
over nine point six million subscribers
not only back you guys we hit 3.2
billion views billion that's with a beat
Billy I cannot explain how incredible
and amazing and appreciative I am of
what you guys have done we have been
through quite a journey almost 12 years
I can't thank you guys for coming back
every single day and I want to tell you
from the bottom of my heart I love you
guys for sure that's all I got for you
guys today
thank you for coming with me on a trip
down memory lane it was on that dope
dope as always see you guys tomorrow
okay maybe not as always but most of the
time see you guys tomorrow and until
then do me a favor and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling I really
need to take down my Christmas tree
it's January 2nd
you're doing it wrong
