most yourself roast yourself why is this
so hard
what's up man I'm trying to write this
roast yourself challenge but I'm not a
rapper look you're just trying way too
hard don't be so hard on yourself just
close your eyes take a deep breath and
speak from within I can do this I can do
this you the best that ever was and ever
will be your name is known around the
world mr. wasabi wait
everyone knows you what I got to famous
from they just wanted to
I mean really what's the dilly sus
5,000,000 used to Billy way too much for
you because you're just you're silly you
nothing about myself so let me tell me
you think you're doing big you ain't
nothing can you tell me you got hairs
every single place you go cuz you ran
out of ideas oh so many years ago stops
playing acting lyin like you didn't know
there why you making challenges every
video ten years in the game that were
stacked on the name ain't no one to
blame you're lame that's a shame all I'm
saying is you don't deserve the fame
only thing that's hard about you is your
very last guy taking you high when
really you were cold sounded like you
saw your voice from a female 12-year old
and your baby face with facial hair that
never ever grows will sit rapping age of
thanks man I thought that you should
know with Daddy go to your head just my
explodes
and let you on your own you alone it
hurts you to the bone
you hide your pain with humans tell your
chisel never shout out look listen I'm
gonna try and be me but even when you
laugh it sounds like this I even know
the state I hope you see that chick
early giggling makes you less of a man
whenever it is hard to see it with them
bad grades being all left Cindy's
college was achievable only in your
dreams you will be on the map with your
lips cross it crack you're never on the
Titan Kanto many nights man you bout to
get flat man you fell through the crack
man it's telling you like man this rap
is going on for way too long just
remember if you're lying you're doing it
right yeah doing it right yeah whoa you
were right all I had to do is believe
don't worry
I'll always be with you in your heart
wait where are you going whoa he's gone
Wow
you
okay bye hope you guys enjoyed my
version of the roast yourself challenge
thanks to Ryan Higa for making the
challenge and thanks ed d-trix for
calling me out but now it's my turn to
call some people out I call out my
girlfriend laurdiy my boy swoozie and my
friend mr. Caspar Lee let's see what you
guys got that's all I got for this
episode until next wasabi Wednesday okay
bye
