what's up guys and welcome to another
wasabicars
the peano d-trix I just changed my name
a girly okay it is now half Filipino for
both hats Philippine put together we
make a fool
Latino he loves what we're gonna do is
go through questions and compete to see
who can answer the most questions about
the Philippines hmm we're both born and
raised in America right yes I'm nervous
I weigh once so I have a little bit of
advantage okay that and I don't really
know too much about the Philippines in
general okay well we're gonna learn and
since this is the wasabi Channel there's
a punishment and the punishment is
actually recommended by you guys I saw
it in the comments below I looked it up
I didn't believe it it's the Sharpie
flash punishment what what is that
exactly you take a sharpie and you put
like a black spot on you just like this
that's a lot of ink do you not take this
off I don't know I'm a little nervous I
am too well it's gonna come out alright
now what you want to do is take your
phone this is gonna work I don't know a
lil sign I don't know like this is how
you put the flash on put the flash on he
ready yeah I'm about to go full power
all right go go go
maximum messages you go I'm sorry sorry
so far okay it works it works doing
clever dude I'm so sorry I did not make
it do that words okay I don't recommend
so after a little bit of testing we
found out you need to have your phone
outside your case and you need the ink
to be dry so let's get on with the
challenge let's go question number one
what are the colors of the flag oh I got
this one I got it oh wait is that
justice
wait whoever gets the closest to it
right I got ready thumbs up hahaha
alright okay Lu yellow white red white
how does he know there's 400 what is it
you're correct ha ha ha ha ha watch your
language
next thing is oh wait you get shocked
just close your eyes you'll know it'll
happen sooner or later my nipples just
went hey how do you spell Philippines if
we both get it right we both get shocked
okay oh wait a minute oh man so I I'm
not a humper sent on this ready 1l
there's not a I thought I was like wow I
bet you built up an immunity to it
probably the loser gets an epic
punishment i these little questions okay
but lack the loser gets epic alright
third question what is the capital of
the Philippines don't know how to spell
it
yes go
DJC Feldon just do it just hurry let's
go okay hold on let me think let me
think about it
okay hold on hold on okay here ready
yeah dude
how many islands you know this answer no
there could have been new ones made in
the last couple years it's it's over
seven one seven thousand one hundred
fifty-four oh really yeah
when why is that so precise why do you
know these answers and why is it
Philby's have sorry Islands just connect
them three two one ah didn't before
that was like point nine Mexico still
messing with you mess with my emotions
pro what is the official national
language
ready
like deitrick spoons wait wait
Oh check it out I got smiley face extra
credit
nope come on million that's probably
won't get shot three to two I feel like
I just got really better than once I
felt it and that I just remembered it
diverts what is oh I don't know how to
describe that you know what it is it's
like I do
okay I'm not sure about this one but I
put a little something some on there for
you ready yeah my intense cook duck
embryo pig meat mixed in pig blood then
one at least I got around to you I
thought was a duck embryo session I know
I'm right oh I thought it was like
semi-cooked oh so we're both wrong wrong
yeah I missed you no no no no I know you
had your chance get it directly on there
oh okay fine it's part of the game it's
one of the rules as we go how do you say
hello hello okay I got it I got I
remember this is why I'm going to the
Philippines at the end of the month mmm
it's like I might just remembered for
YouTube FanFest Manila okay you go first
first trick question it's just hello I
get mine is I didn't know what it was
but I love you that's cheating
he's getting the fan vote ah
kamusta Oh Costa ah Spanish you never
get used to it I thought were these done
by now I'm stuck like this forever
what is the population how are we
supposed to know kids are born every day
it's whoever gets the closest no matter
what I'm sure I'll get yours and go one
above them I feel so low where'd you put
three million ah
not even close I'm twenty-two million
one hundred and six thousand five
hundred seventy six point zero eight
there's midgets ah it's the wind
what was it it's over 103 million
million I don't know I thought this only
seven thousand island how many people
can fit on these islands three million
euros ah you scared me
l-like boo boo ah he was like a split
second after but it hurt in both places
you scared me oh my gosh I feel like oh
my gosh it smells like a wrist in which
ocean is the Philippines located okay
silly this guy's an idiot uh Philippines
is not on an ocean it's on land so
stupid
okay now you're just lying
I'm completely wrong oh did you put
every right haha like that then you
can't say stuff I was about to write
Pacific until you got a lot listening
right specific choose dang it oh okay
you didn't figure I'm on there it's
still gonna be like it the last question
is what is the most popular sport he
defines squirt
okay you ready yep three three go
but his the head karaoke keroppi is for
you okay
how you spell karaoke I don't think
y'all not a spelling a ka ra oke yes let
me put the a real quick okay go ahead
and thanks okay now did he win no okay
first of all what gets used more than a
basketball out there a freaking
microphone and some words on a screen
I got Filipino another I know you all do
this every morning we we do this way
it's time for the big punishment my
friend one one two one pressed
no it's not even funny
it's okay okay bye
hope you guys enjoyed the Filipino
Sharpie flash challenge
yeah did you enjoy it obviously yeah ofE
tricks for coming out definitely go
subscribe to him because today on this
wasabi Wednesday we collab then he has
an epic video out it's coming out of him
dancing I'm dancing wow what born with
Lauren so go check that out it's dope
give it a like thumbs up same with this
video and until next week okay bye that
husband guys here we go it smells a
little bit from dancing
