what's up guys welcome to another
episode of wasabi Wednesday this week
we're doing something a little different
I'm starting a new series and it's
called the chubby challenges for this
one we're putting this Cup taping it to
our head like this
and then you take one of these balls and
you bounce it I try to how to catch it
see it's a lot harder than it seems
today ah I have my friend Kyle coming to
help
okay okay practice out better okay okay
was it close okay I'm gonna see that
okay
you ready yeah
all right loser of this gets a special
punishment was that uh you get hit in
the face with it stuff I'm in okay you
start over there I'll go over here so
good
well here's the papers win three two one
go for it big one my thighs are burning
good well how did one get in my pants I
can't hit my cup Oh
I got it I got I got
are you doing are you doing this is put
out entire uncheck it guys isn't Pat
that hard to do first you want to try
suit up huh - no no all right
follow the reset whoever gets one wins
because this threes take a too long too
hard Aaron bring it on
Wow we just picked those up all right
let's do it you got around just got here
a little will supply you said oh oh did
I kill know where you have that card
third attempt if you make this one then
your cheater three two one Oh what now
did you make that yeah fuck are you come
and make that let's see let's see let's
see I'm a little tea Oh your I hear you
get out of here
if you see me in Kyle don't be so
aggressive Ali's perfect calculate Alan
oh we're gonna count whichever you just
like chess ready oh are you doing ha ha
I am the winner Aaron also I I guess
how's different loser so you are gonna
get the punishment
I can hear huh ready oh no I'm not doing
it
aren't these expensive yeah they're
gonna shatter into my face oh gosh they
are sit over okay bye sorry about your
face Kyle oh yeah thanks for joining us
for this episode it's super hot super
sweaty and we're super chubby let me
know in the comments below which
youtuber you want to see do a chubby
challenge with me make sure to give this
video a big thumbs up and I'll see you
next week on the next
what's a V Wednesday yeah I'm so skinny
oh hey
oh yes best part of my day
