what it - no today we gonna teach you
how to get married I got I got it I got
it
okay we were the ones who has the
wedding that forgot or it's our suits
and we're the crew thing but we got it
and we good let's go let's dress up Zack
on the way to go get these shirts that
we definitely did not forget and have to
get new ones up we saw somebody it look
a lot like Becky running down the
highway
look at these hooligans oh that's gross
these guys wait our panties in a color
no weddings off is it look at - look he
had to get out he saw the camera bond
he's like I guess I always Steve it sure
looks good if a random object hits
anybody it's my buddy okay okay finally
you guys look presentable so I think the
award for the least facial hair here
wins goes to
is it ready photographer yeah okay I'm
the vlogger nice to meet you oh okay
the boys are ready the venue's gettin
ready I can't show you guys until it's
completely ready let's go see if we can
see how the bridesmaids are doing I
might get yelled at we're gonna find out
man okay can I can I say hi yes
you sure is that what you're wearing
yeah okay hello all you guys aren't even
ready we're all suited up and ready to
go out here look at you
is it a flannel party come on guys feel
good time see girls girls
you guys aren't you don't got your stuff
together us boys we all ready we ready
we're out there doing man stuff push-ups
and all this whatnot but I want to see
you in your dresses hurry up jack look
at you with all these badges what are
they for what are they for this one is
for most cookies sold and can I be
saluted is that bad Keithley me tackle
you how do you do it now let's get
married what's happening here what's
happening so checking my range of motion
Oh
you might elbow her in the face let me
leave
Zachary went out of his way to get his
groomsmen dumped the present this is oh
it says Alex that that's my name
I'm a groomsman oh I don't even know
this is I have no idea what for wine
opener what what swine oh this is nice
the best man me know whatever I'm the
I'm the good man he's the best man I
like it - whoo Brian will you marry me
yes just get back to them sleep on it
get back home because ready yet can I
show your dress right now what I can't
it's too much Phil oh my gosh look at
the beauty in this room oh my my oh my
oh why do you think I look bad you look
horrible compared to you guys southern
nice dressing oh my gosh it's happening
you can hide so many things in there oh
yeah
now fight look at this it's happening
wowzers it's so nifty Oh everybody looks
good it's gonna be a good thing the
bride and groom were taken pre-wedding
pictures but I sit with me a little
sneak peek before they kick me out
where'd it go where'd it go the targets
are spotted what what I'm here okay fine
ah I'm going I'm going mission fails
okay job on husband
I mean he'll do he'll do oh you guys
can't tell but it is cold out here I got
a jacket a vest a shirt a tie and I'm
still cold oh wait are you guys cold
move it it is literally so warm man this
is so warm in these jackets I love it it
is the warmest day ever
Becky thank you so much the problem is
pride is in this room the altars are
here everybody's gonna see her come out
in her dress but we have to make it so
they see it when she comes down the
aisle we don't want to see it go this
way so but that little problem solving
it needs to go to hell okay so we got a
plague in Oracle dick and her dress
behind the bucket or the wall girl all
the way over there without all these
people
so we got you girl
go-go-go-go
thank you everybody Oh we saved the
wedding
be back there back
hey Zack you guys enjoying your food you
know I've been to few weddings and I've
always wondered what happens what
happens if you go like what's that do
you know what's that mean that means you
have a kiss Oh guys when you clink a
glass that means they have the kids
right okay no that means both but if you
hate I need to brush up on my wedding
brian is there something you want to
share with us no is there something you
want to share the rest of the world
no come on Brian somebody ripped their
shirt is getting it are you flex that's
all right you shouldn't a flag saying
come on
Zach you're married now you did it I did
you did it how'd you do that what's the
secret what's the secret to a happy
marriage Oh tell me a secret oh you guys
say as I do what that's it
congratulations man you did it hope you
guys had fun at the wedding I just got
home after a long day and I don't have
any lights and everybody's asleep so
we're using the not taken down yet
Christmas lights Zach is one of my
longest friends that I've ever had from
childhood we've known each other for a
very long time so it makes me super
happy to see him happy with a girl of
his dreams and uh since I wasn't the
best man should have been me I didn't
give a toast at the wedding so I'll just
do it here for him to see later here we
go I met Zachary about 12 years ago like
around the same time wasabi started and
it was on the field we disagree on who
won the game that day and to this day we
still argue about it but I'm getting off
topic after such an epic battle on the
field we couldn't help but respect each
other's game we became best friends we
went through a lot growing up together
but he always put friendship first he's
literally the most loyal and Noble
person I've ever had the pleasure of
knowing I knew early on that we were
gonna be friends for life because of how
much I looked up to him as a friend a
best friend and a brother so - my best
friend Zachary I wish you nothing but
greatness in your future endeavors and I
look forward to our kids playing
together in the future
so if you could lift up your imaginary
glasses and give a toast to the newly
wedded couple Zach and Becky date see
you tomorrow I'm flying back to LA in
about three out two hours
I got a pack try to get a little tiny
baby bit of sleep dough and fly back to
LA where it's not clothes and jackets
are unnecessary do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
