what's up guys so if you can watch on
Mesabi for a long time you'll know that
about a year ago I pranked Roy and I got
him I got him pretty good over a year
later Roy teamed up with Russell from
ownage pranks to completely and utterly
humiliate me I was a hundred and ten
percent convinced that I was auditioning
to be the real live Red Power Ranger I
thought this is my part I'm gonna
destroy this audition right now it's
mine I've never auditioned for anything
so I was nervous and super excited and
good job Roy good job Roy got Russell
from onus pranks to call me on the phone
with different voices convincing me that
I was talking to the executive producers
of the TV show Power Rangers ah it's so
embarrassing Roy plan this whole thing
out God other youtubers involved wrote
every embarrassing line you're about to
hear me say let's just roll the footage
Oh room service I mean they in height
oakna top there you go we were in the
hallway and his friends came up and that
he was just telling about oh my god I'm
gonna be a Power View right everybody
and you're like oh my god looks crazy
good luck man
it's all the prey I don't know we just
sold Larned losing they're tripping out
are you serious that's so messed up he's
so excited I was like dude I'm so proud
for you and like so excited who's like
you gotta help me a hack
I feel so bad I can't no I can't say I
can't say I knew this I'm out of here
addy did you give me the transcript yeah
now you just learn okay okay
don't I look ripped Triceratops
Triceratops Triceratops ah rat bread I
can't take this anymore more phenomenal
more phenomenal hey sweet cheeks
revenge sucks doesn't it have a nice
chip see you next fall huh not the
brightest of these poop
whoa Willard
or should I say Alex Simmons here
good work Kimberly much love you're
great
much love you're great it has always
been my dream to be a Power Ranger other
little kids won't be firefighters
dentist I want to be a Power Ranger who
wouldn't want to be a Power Ranger are
you kidding me I'm athletic I have the
voice for it I'm very animated person
Triceratops
all day I can do this believe in me I'll
prove to you that I can be a power oh
did you guys keep it down
oh I just took off her signature boots
whatever you were doing oh I don't know
I got our whole TV was Marlene battling
a mess room huh oh yeah
Alex yeah this is Alex yeah hey this is
a John Goldenberg corner of calling with
subhan casting again how you doing today
I'm good thank you
um you know we actually got your
audition last night and really liked
what you were able to do with such short
notice
so I want to give you a quick call and
see if you can coordinate with one of
our film contractors currently in DC
right now just to allow you to come out
and record a secondary short audition on
a more professional film set I
understand they are currently at a
signing event today but uh how's your
schedule looking aside from that yeah
perfect just to go ahead and bring the
costume with you as well and then I'll
go ahead and have them reach out to you
with the further details of the address
and everything and confirm the final
details okay all right thank you
hi I'm Alex sabe I'm a power in Janelle
so deal with it all systems go
activating ninja Megazord battle mode
get ready to launch balance is not
everyone doing you're not Billy fire
activating ninja battle activating ninja
Megazord battles got again they just
gave it is nervous any guess that's
gonna be like that and it's all I can do
punches walking it's like but power just
don't do that really engaging knuckle
rockets I'm gauging knuckle Rockets
you're big enough for Rockets ok then
the punching one engaging knuckle
rockets oh that's good
no sweat they're messing with the wrong
teenagers morning y'all
where is Russell no where's Russell
where is Russell where's Russell second
cousin No get off me tell me what
Russell is mad dude party up I'm right
here bro beware why is there power over
there
I got accountants wrong No why did I go
check behind there that's my Lucy laughs
as I was saying I'm not a part of it
that's weird ah if he kept saying I hope
you don't worry I love you I'm not a
part of this habit what why how about
Rossum the guideline oh okay
how do you feel I never leave make sure
to check out my daily blog channel I
post every day
for tomorrow I will give you a
behind-the-scenes look at what I was
thinking and what I was feeling
throughout the whole video it's
basically gonna be every action video to
this video see you guys next time
Wednesday and until then okay bye it's
normal
