what's up guys
today I wanted to do something a little
different I wanted to share with you the
top 5 things I don't want you to know
ever since I started my vlog channel and
sharing my life of you which I love I
thought to myself you're gonna find out
all these things anyways so I might as
well tell you now first confession I
snore a lot I'll show you come come
second on the list I don't always see
what's right in front of me
this next one is top secret classified
so I don't want you sharing this
information with any of your friends
sometimes when no one is looking I pick
my nose
that's your boyfriend yeah I'm not a
stranger to the occasional shart all
right ready
yeah oh yeah sorry okay we're doing it
we're doing it we did it again every
morning I like to do a pep talk II
motivational freestyle yeah okay here we
go
felt to drop the rhyme and raps going
hard in the paint here we go um bout to
rap rap so hard
rapping in the game one time when mic
here we go yo what it is what it be what
it do don't worry about me so you could
worry about you it's my damn about the
breeze right throw ain't nobody getting
here because I'm Way too cool some dudes
it's locking in I wouldn't want to be
him chillin at first players back I
can't even see them but got me see me
scheming on a weekday through the
weekend everyday I put in work my dude
you might as well be sleeping now you
dreaming thick my swag on you as
possible tenable adoptable and that
makes you an imbecile listen up I want
to make sure this is audible an
admirable phenomenal and possible
comical and I'd be lying if I say I'm
not a rapping prodigal you be a me
astray downright improbable turn around
the head on home cuz they be standing on
the stoppable
today's a mission for tomorrow's
premonition I still be number one cuz
I'm a limited edition carbon dean being
best in my addiction my rhyming gave me
second ain't no signs of remission
hope you guys enjoyed this episode of
wasabi we had a lot of fun making it and
I hope it made you laugh if you want
more wasabi go subscribe to my vlog
channel where I post daily vlogs every
single day and starting today I'm doing
a giveaway on that channel so go over
there to see all the rules I'm giving
away a DSLR camera for all you aspiring
youtubers a iPhone 6 and 2 hoverboards
so go check out how you can enter to win
those see you guys next week almost
Hobby Wednesday until then pancake bye
sike I'm awake haha
