hey guys welcome to another episode of
wasabi I'm here with my older brother
who needs to shave you think they're
writing the you have aging mustache
on yeah it's all gone
oh yeah you kiss your finally good news
you before let's get started today we're
gonna do the Oreo over let challenge I
got this idea because my brother did on
his channel so go check it out so now
I'm gonna do it with him because you
look like you had so much fun throwing
up and gagging and rock paper scissors
just seemed to go through pretty Rock
Paper Scissors shoot go frisk it's my
channel whoo let's do this wait let me
mix it up for you did you see what I did
mine I didn't do too bad like it dude
dude did it do it
okay so you take it you dip it in you
put the whole cookie your mouth and you
crush it and you got a two past so but
it's okay all right oh wait I mean he's
thinking about this Oreos there are ten
or heels six of them have spent four of
them are safe and they have nothing
nothing tampered with so let's see what
you got get it dip it again vivica and
chew chew it chew it chew
it takes another take some water you can
drink some water
girls girls girls kiss what do you think
it was for Beijing perfumer sober is
baby powder baby powder I don't know I
think it's that one so feels really
dried it's okay now you don't have to
ever do that one again this is baby
powder it is okay don't remember just
forget about it okay here we go here we
go here we go huh oh yeah this better
not be good mmm don't smell it
don't do anything this one that one
that's it that's probably Oreo straight
were you gonna do it's a problem it's
spicy look Cooper it is too busy I never
yes you so I can't see inside of your
mouth that's my turn
this is the chosen cookie this is a good
cookie here we go I'm scared I'm not I
feel like you're gonna get all the good
cookies in okay when you put any mouth
here - good chop chop chop at least
three times before you I try to taste it
charity
Oh what is it
I think that the guest before you spit
out that was alcohol so to taste but now
it's mama I'm gonna look at it oh goody
here we go
Tom Tom Tom Gracie go well junk
Tom listen is it good oh gosh darn it
you look disgusting
no-ho-ho-ho with it I have all the cream
in it I did taste like it didn't have as
much cream in it no that's your cream in
there is one I opened it and then um I
scooped out the middle and I I didn't
have anything to put in it so I poured
it and fix it up real quick just like I
was like wow real quick what you do even
put your bunch of Oreos only five more
left
honey hi you farted roses a pocket of
your party all afternoon you can do it
you could do it you could do it come
come chomp I know how the game won
does it make your mouth dry oh oh oh I
excel like my two big nose
okay with the hit so these are all good
yeah yeah oh this one right here hey
it's definitely worse would definitely
wear this one I can tell by the side it
looks like you have it did you like what
I know chilly one
oh no no where's the - where's the - boo
boo boy dualities at 300 the camera
everything good yes girls what is it Oh
Helga's alright I'll tell you at the end
what it was you'd be like no idea at all
I could know it was it here we go three
three one oh dunk all the way dunk it
all the way ha Chomp Chomp Chomp that
one was that it's okay let's go guys
it wasn't bad it was just a weird with
Oreo look look look oh you're tired so
there's two months so we should just do
it at the same time ah
okay yeah that one noisy I'll age is
she's here she chose well three two one
go
oh my bed I got the Oreo wanna choke
I'll let's see hmm truth not buzz never
yeah hey what do you think was please
shaving cream in one no I didn't I
should have but I didn't I tell you the
last one and the one you didn't know
they were the same thing one of the pink
ones purple it was Plato doesn't
play-doh poisonous
I know it's non-toxic I used to eat it
all the time
you're fine thanks for watching this
episode of wasabi production the first
brother challenge ever is the first time
you've ever been on for a challenge
right don't forget to go check out his
channel it's on that dope dope and go
check out my blog channel which is also
on that dope doe and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you do
many wrong okay bye
hmm what did you do to those Oreos I am
doing you didn't do anything to the or
you nothing you sure you watch the video
I did watch the shirt at the end of the
video
no I don't talk about that no no it's
taken too long the intro a long back
