welcome to the first ever girlfriend
draws my life in case you're wondering
that is not my hand my beautiful
girlfriend laurdiy will be doing the
drawing on this vid because my drawing
skills are literally poop now let's
start at the beginning I was born in
Great Falls Montana when I turned one I
moved with my family to Kentucky and
lived there for the first half of my
life I was a cute little kid like super
cute don't believe me check this out do
you have any teeth oh there they are
alright what a nice smile aleksander
Buress he's 3 years old told you
eventually we moved to North Carolina
when I was in fifth grade and lived
there for most of my life I have a big
family of six mom dad me my big brother
Aaron little sister Mariah and really
little brother Andrew my family is my
favorite growing up I was always the
class clown I was diagnosed with ADHD in
middle school which meant it was really
hard for me to pay attention to anything
for too long
therefore I wasn't the best student the
only things that held my attention were
things I was interested in for me that
was making people happy
hence being the class clown I got really
into basketball at a young age and
played in local leagues for six years
that's what I spent all my time doing
till I got to high school my friend Roy
asked me to join his youtube channel
called wasabi productions we made videos
together for 10 years and grew the
channel to an incredible 4.5 million
subscribers and 1.4 billion views
that's insane eventually me and Roy
moved out to Los
California we lived together for a year
made videos but after that Roy decided
it was time to grow individually so we
got our own places we continued to make
the videos we loved making the world
laugh was our passion but I felt like
the connection between me and the
viewers still wasn't strong enough so
about five months ago I decided to open
up my first solo channel Edberg
Alex wasabi vlogs vlogging has become a
huge part of my life
I bring the kuku squad with me
everywhere that's what we call ourselves
over that channel I love sharing my
everyday life with you guys and having a
strong connection between us the
response has been incredible already
hitting 500,000 subscribers in the first
four months things couldn't get any
better then one day Roy said we needed
to talk he told me he wanted to pursue
other passions I was sad to hear that
but of course I wanted him to be happy
and wished him the best of luck
Roy leaving wasabi left me to run the
whole channel all by myself which as you
can imagine was very scary think about
it it became my responsibility to make
4.5 million people laugh every week not
an easy thing to do but with the amazing
love and support the wasabi UNS show
every single day I know everything will
be alright this is just another new
adventure and I'm so very lucky to have
you come along for the ride that's where
my life is now and I'm excited to see
what the future holds see you guys on
the next was sabe Wednesday until then
do me a favor and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong
okay bye
