why did I quit blogging for an entire
week what is what it do what it do duh
today we're gonna answer a bunch of
questions because it's my first u na in
for a rude I tweeted out after you guys
for a bunch of questions and I took the
most requested ones and put them in a
list I'm about to answer 10 of them for
you number one are you an arrant really
getting matching brother tattoos in
January the answer of that we are really
doing it it's happening I'm trying to do
it in like the first week of January get
it done get it out the way we're still
trying to figure out what we want he
said he wants something really small so
we had to compromise because it's kind
of gonna be on both our bodies for like
life yeah but it's definitely gonna
happen for sure question number two will
you ever move in with Lauren and as you
know Laurens got a brand new house she's
gonna be moving out of her apartment
into the house I think also in January I
asked a bunch of times if I can move in
I'd be trying to move in but she says I
need to prove that I am a father first
so I have to pick up 200 moose poops
before moving in can commence I'm at 15
that means I have 192 to go Oh
is there anything you would not do for
your family if you've been watching my
vlogs for these past like yeah I think
it's three then you are aware that my
favorite vlogs to do or family vlog
that's why I come back so often I come
back I try to come back every other
month or so and chill would fan and
bring you guys along for the adventures
that we got that we have and we did that
we will do the answer to that question
is no there's nothing if for some random
reason my family needed me to give up
everything I've ever made on YouTube
over the past almost 12 years I've been
making videos easy done give it to them
if I had to quit YouTube I don't care
I'll give them everything and then I go
back to waiting because waitering was
dope
jump I liked isn't that do you have
any enemies on YouTube you know other
than silly beefs that me and my friends
have I don't think I really have any
enemies I don't have any enemies I'm
basically YouTube's teddybear youtuber
nobody scared me I ain't scaring nobody
we all did I heard I'm pretty good a
pretty good hugger so what people tell
me okay here's a random one do you like
pie alright number six my new best
friend
it's a weird that a lot of us audience
think that your 15 year old brother is
high okay that's a little weird for me
to me he's owns and my little brother so
it's not dial think he's attractive I
think he's very look good looking young
man but I didn't I didn't think that
that he I wouldn't say he's hot he's
cute he's handsome he's attractive but
hot to let it we're like I don't want to
think about it next question when are
you coming out with some of that new new
merch and actress ah be calm I actually
have some samples at my apartment in LA
I haven't seen them yet but I'm gonna
try them on make sure they on that soft
soft there's actually a hoodie that's
coming out that's on that dope though
the design the oh you ain't ready though
it's my favorite hoodie I've worn it in
a few vlogs acting the days ago and it's
that gold one you know I'm talking about
you know hey is that gold one mm-hmm
coming at you very soon number eight
what is your new year's resolution I'm
gonna tell you but it's pretty clich√©
but it's it's pretty deep if you think
about it my new year's resolution is to
be a better me
but if you think about it I really have
not I've just been coasting through life
I work I make videos I am very fortunate
I'm very lucky that I'm able to do what
I do on the youtubes what feel like I
haven't been working on myself oh wait
not even a little bit I eat horrible my
sleep schedule is I eat at least three
different candies a day on average
that's not that's not even exaggeration
and I don't even boys your eyes come on
pie you're not good for me you're bad
influence night in 2018 I'm gonna try to
narrow it down to one type of candy a
day I'm gonna stretch
I might start yoga might take up boxing
I'm gonna run do some more cardio go
swimming the active not wear the same
jeans every day in a row for a month
without cleaning them you know like just
the important things number nine when
you're gonna finally give Andrew his
birthday present I know his birthday was
December 27 Oh No it's been like but I
can explain
come on here is the 500 pound present
that I got for my little brother that I
can't give to him look at that thing
look at it what do you think's in there
I can't tell you let me explain what
this present is meant for the outdoors
but living in LA I forgot that not every
place is always warm outside not every
place is on that hot high it is cold
it's super cold it's cold outside I
don't wear a hoodie and a jacket and
preferably earmuffs but I don't have
those if you have any of those hook me
up I need some earmuffs if I took this
thing outside and show it Andrew it
would probably break because it's so
cold so I told him not to look at it at
all until it's a little warmer and I
come back and weekend weekend that we
can hook it up and he can see what it is
what if you would do go on to the next
question why did I quit vlogging for an
entire week usually
I bring you guys along on the Christmas
adventures I show you what everybody got
I show you the time I spent with my
family and all that but this week I just
couldn't do it there was an unexpected
tragedy that happened to us we lost
someone very special to my family about
about a week ago which is why I I just
couldn't continue the daily uploads that
is the longest I haven't uploaded a vlog
in like three years or something like
that instead I uploaded a bunch of
challenges and had fun with my family
filming them so that we could spend the
rest of the days healing together or off
camera this entire week and Christmas
was spent with my family hanging out
bonding and letting each other know how
much we love one another so thank you so
much for understanding that I
discontinued the vlogs for a little bit
but I did record a Christmas montage
because I wanted you guys to be there
because you guys are family too so it is
my pleasure to share with you the wasabi
family 2017 Christmas
wasn't that just darling don't worry I'm
back now and I'm gonna do my best to hit
you guys with some of that nunu on the
daily once again it might be a little
rocky for the next week or so but I
didn't forget about you guys trust I got
you before 2017 is over I just want you
guys do me a favor and let the people
most important in your life know that
you love them you care about them
family friends best friends girlfriends
boyfriends teachers just let them know
how much you care about them because
they might not know you might know that
you know but do they know because have
you said it have you said it recently
have they asked have you asked things
can change in an instant so don't take
the time you have with your family and
friends for granted so right now after
this video go let them know how
important they are to you and how much
you care because tomorrow is not always
promised that's all I got for you guys
today thanks for sending in all your
questions if you have any more or want
me to answer some more comment down
below and let me know the questions for
the next one and as always don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong okay bye
