I got a new pad warlow's me chichi that
chinchilla she's not staying here is she
I mean where else is she gonna stay you
know how I am with tens Alex but look at
her she's so cute I mean she's kind of
cute no she's really cute I don't know
look man I know you don't like pets
let's just keep her for the day and if
you don't like her
I'll return her all right just one day
okay okay deal TJ what are you doing
here oh come here chichi okay Gigi just
behave okay
Oh what what's going on here chichi
chichi she attacked me see what they
could have been anything that could have
been the wind the wind did this haven't
you ever heard of hurricane I heard a
tornado no dust storm
mm airbending chinchilla cool and chichi
I'll protect you but you can't even
handle a little bit of wind maybe you
should use a stick instead of a tennis
ball for chichi Oh what's going on
George it Jenna
tried to kill me this this chinchilla
yes she is the most innocent beautiful
gorgeous 'test nicest one true pair
women crush Wednesday chinchilla in the
world yo I don't think chichi likes me
at all
you need to step out of your comfort
zone and give her a chance okay no you
should be ashamed
come on chichi but she tries to
Gigi Gigi
boy
stop see she's just trying to kill me
what are you talking about come on
see it's just cuz you had a banana on
your neck I had a banana on my neck this
whole time yeah we thought you knew that
but the work you see GG isn't that bad
right uh I guess so can we keep her fine
as long as I don't have to cleaner
cleaner pool cleaner pee that's all you
yeah hey go on Judi let's go fo break oh
my oh gosh whoa
okay bye
hi everyone thank you for watching the
video don't forget subscribe special
thanks to this little awesome sweetheart
chichi we love useful chichi Wasabi's
don't hurt subscribe to our personal
vlog channels Alex wasabi Roy was
sobbing alright
chichi you wanna grab some breakfast
don't kill me better Oh Oh Gigi oh my
god oh my god oh my god okay bye
