hi everyone hey guys today we're gonna
do something really really really
requested from y'all it is the or wear
it challenge here's what happened Alex
got eight things that he thinks that I
don't like to eat and I got the same
thing for him and then we're gonna draw
numbers basically and then he's number
corresponds to a specific thing and we
gotta take a spoonful of it if you don't
want to take a spoof little bit we just
wear it mm-hmm
meaning is put in our bodies yeah the
other person put in all right we're
gonna draw numbers first number for each
one of us is oh no I don't want to do
this anymore I want it for number four
Oh baby food yeah oh that's not bad
you're gonna eat it that's good for
another spoonful of babyhood makes you
making me nervous stop it oh my god oh
my gosh I can't sell you know how the
babies ether I thought was gonna be bad
like Oh chicken gravy that sounds
Thanksgiving it nope get you
oh alright number four for me is this
ball here you go I hope you enjoyed Oh
simply pass right here I'll get my bag
ready just in case
it's not chicken and gravy baby
no no it's so dry sorry man you gotta
wear it bro next numbers there too - OH
Incan Hoffer cream style horseradish
more more now a little bit more from a
higher distance there perfect no look at
your nation go go go don't spit on me
don't spit on me I keep thinking like
there's bugs on me was chili for my body
hide it fishing I wear oh yeah I forgot
the butter
I also clone oh what's I ve done it
there's one fact we both hate wasabi but
back cuz it's gross
but it sounds suck more yeah do it
they cover the bottom right good luck
sir
huh ah oh you took that so slow oh I'm
sorry sir okay I'll make a bow sabi
necklace ah what's up it feels like I
might be alone I even doing it for the
person-years oh oh it is hot it is not
it's super hot like it's cool yeah whoa
oh it's smeared it feels like it's like
you spread it out oh oh
yeah I did you go first this round then
okay
6x and it is sliced tomatoes with help
ha ha yeah this is a trend no big heart
my bad let's even eat that easily that's
salsa it's salsa it's just so so yeah
it's good thank you
you probably have you nice right no I
but you know
is it really looks like oh yeah it's
also that's really good boom oh this one
feels like the one oh you have to spice
them up a spicy I love spicy foods I'll
be good okay let's see really mustard
today you don't believe I don't sing go
ahead I don't believe you oh okay don't
give me those be yellow your song no one
let me go first
yep sriracha I cut you off spice I just
realize how many spicy foods I got you
dude sir ChaCha
oh yeah I imagine um ketchup what spicy
my boy
well okay that's good
oh whoa I'm gonna guess it's a can of
picking any cans Oh
oh wow dang it back to old school
challenges welcome to the cinnamon
challenge do a lot I'm actually gonna
try to finish this one you got it
swallow it swallow it got them baggage I
got you oh you can be the first youtuber
to complete it
you're doing good
I forgot how bad that sucks all right
done you did yeah I beat the cinnamon
challenge here I will accept punishment
even though it wasn't my turn
really yeah do it here he goes all of it
you got all of it all of it
hey I got some cleaning to do yeah make
it oh yeah yeah yeah like that
Oh burn to burn asking goodbye stay dude
ha ha ha ha this is number three nany's
you got everything that you don't like
did ya like you like my love oh no you
mustn't make sense
I love condiments no no no are you
cheeky to robots I really don't know
what I really wish you were done with
this game Babu sweaty got
chicken-livered dog food oh there you go
that's good I'll accept that feedback Oh
yes
yeah
I don't I don't hate it you don't want
to break your hoop no way I didn't have
lunch today there ah in your fridge 6a
Stockman I'd rather he dogs within a
spoonful of mayonnaise seriously
next number seven yummy sriracha -
hahaha
love sriracha turn it I love spicy food
I just hate those peppers hey finish it
coffee bean I almost got this right
almost there's no way this is edible do
people drink that I know but they don't
eat it
yeah but it still goes in the body
good I thought I liked it it's like
cinnamon oh yeah it's just like
something like cinnamon oh there we go
like you uh you like took a baton like
five differently is that all of it yeah
no it's not I want to save this for
later both of their number five was hit
nice three two one I love apples oh
don't look up I got these John mustard
so this is mustard it's just spiked
semester Cheers
yeah good what this is a little on
vinegary mmm and a big gulp you said one
big gulp so I did one big old last but
not least man I didn't do it oh yeah
you're right my hair or my shirt I'll
give you a little like headband okay
there you go
that sounded gross is there a whole pile
of mustard on my head right now
no Sarah I like offal it looks like a
cartoon poop while of mustard and that's
what I feel like it looks like last but
not least dude you got me nigger got me
a donut all right so for this bag bag
number eight I just have a regular
chocolate donut
it's not a regular chocolate doughnut
anymore it's a dirty track with donut
Wow look at that oh oh oh no I got to me
oh poor dough not rolling around in the
dust Oh Oh toilet
poor Donna it's not regular don't
anymore son two to ten years of puking
yeah - ten years of oh yeah alright that
is the end of the video thank you Alex
you're wearing a lot of stuff thank you
for thank you for um giving me all the
foods I like yes yes Oh have something
to tell you who that doughnuts not a
regular no huh no it's on the floor
unzip it and the toilet no no no the
waters thanks for watching y'all special
thanks to Alex me a super know I start
it wasn't in the toilet it wasn't in the
toy there's fine okay I did not know you
had that much of my head but boy I
grabbed one I don't worry a little bit
every diver done ha ha ha ok bye
hey all thanks for watching the video
don't bring subscribing balls on our
daily vlog channels out rossabi TRO
asabi uh-huh check out behind she
Cooper's white overdue Oh No
I gotta clean up now yeah until next
time I'm gay
five
Oh what else oh look look at soil Oh oh
man oh man oh it's broken now mmm oh
poor donut
