hi welcome to another episode of make up
win Rolanda today's episode it's very
special because I am super thankful for
everything in the world check this out
so Thanksgiving is coming up the best
way to do it is to look sexy so I'm
going to show you how to apply makeup to
your face to show to your friends and
family and tell them that you look sexy
for this Thanksgiving season ah let's go
step number one you want to clear your
face of any bacteria that will mess up
your makeup so some people use all just
hurry my mouth okay
some people use regular like sanitizing
fancy products I just use this show it
works perfectly the same step number two
apply foundation so you just want to dab
a little bit and put it all over your
face foundation is perfect because all
the other makeup that apply on your face
it just six there instantly
you know what just put the whole thing
in your face take this whole time is put
in your fridge done step number three
apply blush and your eye shadow thing
that's what you call it right so I got
all these colors but I don't even need
them I just need one color so I
basically bought the whole thing for a
club but whatever so you want to use
your hands get as much as you can
get that Thanksgiving feel put this on
your cheeks let the men know that you
want their turkey okay let them know
that and then this you put on your eye
like that and like this uh-huh
great so the next step I have this pain
okay this pin is perfect come in the
house is open I always leave it open oh
oh oh I got a part some good laughs oh
really
hmm
what's this ah very allergic pumpkin ah
you wanna help me my video yeah oh all
right step 4
we have the pain this is good to
accentuate your eyes here you go Richard
you can apply this oh just like I told
you okay make sure you put it where I
told you no Richard oh there you go oh
do you ever hear the voices of the blue
orphan little bit book like this next I
have thick that big glasses James
yes yeah okay oh thanks Richard Oh would
you go to anything savory dinner and
then be like Rolanda you're cute Oh see
this makeup works alright next step in
order for everyone to love you during
Thanksgiving dinners you want to smell
like Thanksgiving because Thanksgiving
is all about food in the deliciousness
and getting face to the deliciousness
and giving everything you got to the
deliciousness so well watch your food
here and Richard is going to apply the
makeup to me oh yes that's makeup yeah
let's start with it this is um turkey
stuffing this is good um it's good
source of protein mix it's doing good
all right
so that's stuffing next we have mashed
potatoes potatoes is a good source of
Theon because of the potassium potatoes
you get high that's up we have yams if
you need to go put a bad face few things
very controversial over gams
ha ha ha ha yes I love yam you want yell
on that
alright now we have the cranberry
cranberry is good it's a good source of
Turkey it's a Oh
oh sweet
okay yeah that's good sweet to the
tricky flavor and mixed it and bass
without the saltiness from the turkey
and Oh what is that with bread whipped
cream just good
last but not least there's one more
ingredient that's a good and very
traditional thing to have a big skinny
gravy okay once you have all those oh
but well you should be good with your
makeup Hey okay we're forgetting looking
we're forgetting one thing
oh the turkey Oh turkey all right we
have the turkey oh okay so the turkey
what you wanna do with a chip that's my
turkey oh oh this is my house oh look at
the mess you made roll and up Oh every
time I try to do something nice for my
family and my friends you show up and
ruin everything
and look there's Richard again oh my god
just get out ehh
Oh everyone I hope you have a really
happy Thanksgiving see you in the next
role in the video how ever Turkey okay
bye
thank you for watching this makeup
tutorial haha
check out the fuck out Roy wasabi okay
make sure you do this makeup okay I
trust me people will love you they will
want more of you okay okay bye
all right we have the turkey
