hello hi today we're doing the yoga
challenge oh we are going to try to lift
each other in advanced yoga poses here
we go let's start what is our first post
this one is called the wasabi we're just
gonna make a big w with our bods okay
okay this is your flex this is like that
okay yeah ah okay did you trade your
legs
there you go we got okay we know this
here you sure next pose is the
wheelbarrow okay okay so you be the girl
okay and I'll be that dude okay yeah lay
down okay no sir we go we'll rinse ready
okay where are we gonna go couples this
is him okay your what your butt can be
touching his knees oh yeah you know my
knees and your feet will be flat on his
thighs Oh y'all gonna stretch wait
two-minute break how much race is for
wrapping okay all right this one is
called spirited away hey you know your
flower like I'll take one hand bitches
got it oh that was close oh there you go
use your hammer using a fresh air again
okay your hands behind
okay not leave for it pull me up come on
come on you got this
don't drop me I'm so much bored okay
okay oh okay
for safety and take out my socks because
there's no friction me there's no grip I
want to fall down and dislocate my
shoulder if you do this yeah okay lean
board
oh okay listen turn the other way okay
okay good doing here ah okay I'm leaving
I'm leaving I'm leaving
okay okay whenever you're ready yeah
take that yoga this one's called myself
seashells by the seesaw hey hey what are
my knees you feet under my work boots
and then your hands by your side are you
hoping my knees yeah like that you ready
yeah okay here we go go yeah I can't you
gotta you gotta pull me up dig oh oh
Lisa tinkle maybe then you can pick you
up mm-hmm - Gugu looks good no it's good
Oh No Oh music oh I got this ah do one
go
one more week towards you oh my I have a
weak pelvis okay we lost Alan oh oh we
almost did we kind of dad just keep on
my Paula stuff yeah we're too long to
the next move we're gonna do is called
on your mark get set
short nice didn't get on your party
positions man the fire we forgot gonna
I'm gonna try to do here we go hook the
replay right I need that it you got it
I'm gonna stay still do I go on oh no oh
yeah I couldn't stabilize my um my wrist
I'm gonna pray to God I can't do it I
can't stay down that's a good try okay
alright six Muslim now we're gonna do
this again
yeah you're moving home your son hey
wait wait okay now give you one shoulder
and keep one hand yes take a yoga what's
that yeah here we have fall I got you
that'll be the one on top all okay I got
you okay you read even gonna walk up
okay go ahead
oh my gosh this is it me feels easy baby
this is easy lay your head down dad oh
this is it that's it I think so house we
did yeah you go girl
you got nothing on us yeah okay here we
go this is a very very very very last
yoga pose this is it
it's called sideways surfer nice will be
surfboard I'll go to support all right
you'd be the sideways yes sir okay I'm
gonna push off your leg now ready thank
you you got a halo there's a good hot
hot ready I'll push you please go okay
this is not a good idea okay okay okay I
lean back okay oh wait wait
gonna go to bed no that's me huh Lucky's
like okay my neck back my neck oh thank
you for watching this you're gonna fail
oh we did like five out of six some more
it's not like bad joy yeah right like it
says yoga's hard um don't try this at
home
major props to yoga fanatics out there
you guys are killing it kill them again
right now you
and save the world again we're gonna try
this again and months to come hit in
2016 at some point we're gonna try this
get it we're gonna beat this pose
especially last one all right
yes we're out of here Pass
okay bye thank you for watching the
video don't forget subscribe us on our
blog eat an aroma sobbing you're like so
sorry okay we will see you next time
when we do this again next year okay
okay bye good Oh Oh your hand got a
little bit I got you I got you I got you
speed my foundation thank you I am your
rock okay you're about town Dacian
you're my ground okay anything above you
is me
