okay you're trying what it is would it
be what it do doh
today I am building something so epic so
amazing that you will not believe it
until you see it so I'm gonna need the
smartest person I know and her name this
princess gorgeous her name is princess
gorgeous what remember I told you when I
say princess gorgeous you can come out
hello I'm going to need your help to
build a gingerbread house it's not just
any gingerbread house you know what kind
of gingerbread house is this this is a
very special frozen gingerbread house it
says that as cookies I seen powder
candies candy you ready to get started
okay let's do this okay you having
problems
let's see what we working with
oh here's the castle so we got
everything set up we got the little
characters we've got the icing we have
these and I got extra yeah I got extra
because I was like you know what they're
only gonna give us a little bit we got
to get crazy
yeah now we have to build the castle how
do we do that if you're building Castle
you've built the castle Oh at the bottom
yeah it's so small that's why I knew
that you were the right person for the
job I just knew it you know who knew it
me me hold it you got it hold this one
you got a hook to let me see let me put
the frosting in there Oh
whoa you're supposed to hold it it crazy
Oh problems do we need backup should we
call and Rebecca my hand ooh you got
hold is super still because if it moves
the glue doesn't work our girls better I
building gingerbread muscles yes spin it
bro
now do we just blow on it I blow on this
side you've won that time while you blow
on this side okay now I think it's okay
what is this good idea bro
we have the castle set up and we have
the icing in place now we need blue
icing so I put blue powder in here and
now we're going to put the rest of the
icing in here so it's blue icing you get
it
teamwork teamwork everybody more powder
mix it up like that Wow this time to
decorate for you now put stuff on there
what do you need I'll open it all right
good is it working I think it's starting
to look exactly like the picture looks
just like that right and oh yeah looks
like that to me
here how about we put it all in the
middle okay look it up oh I know exactly
where to put this one okay I think I
know exactly how this is both feedback
yeah that's good oh wow look how good
we're doing guys you see that oh no we
can see it but if you could is beautiful
you know what I think this is how we're
supposed to do it
I know how to do it now we're almost
ready and they give you this one and
then you go like this
you gotta fill the house so if you don't
fill the house then what is it for okay
you're trying to leave like that
don't shake it's what it is
there's a you will bet that's your job
man
okay okay Emily I'm putting them on it
was a love oh here don't want and put a
love right here that goes there Wow we
got such a beautiful castle you know
what else we should do we should put
these mints malaya you ready we gotta
let it open we got to let it go let it
go let it go can't hold it up anymore oh
yeah that is not supposed to be is this
not supposed to happen
oh yeah I think I think we did the job
high-five okay okay that's not that's
not that's just more cleanup for us to
high-five good job nice that's all the
top you guys today thank you guys for
joining me and helping me make the
perfect gingerbread Elsa frozen castle
this ended up being amazing it is a work
of art and I hope you guys learned a lot
from this issue make sure to come back
tomorrow for another epic video and
until then do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling
mwah exactly
