Alex hey wake up dude Kyle and Willer at
the movies waiting for us we're gonna
miss the previews come on oh oh hey
what's up hello dude stop falling asleep
I'm good
let's do this thing oh no no no no we
are not gonna be late for this movie
here put your shoes on and let's get out
of hey bro calm down
oh wait wait wait wait do not go
boneless do not go bone walk away do not
go fitness Oh stand up stand up Shay
come on come on you got this you're good
I'm good all right let's go boy
I'm follow see Brian catch me all right
touch me I think it worked I'm awake now
stop right
Oh what happened you just sleep slapped
me
I sleep slap your silly solid face yes
you super swiftly sleep slapped my silly
Sally sassy face oh my god stop
I am so super sincerely sorry for super
swiftly slapping your silly Sally sassy
face so sometimes when I'm sleeping my
body does everything it can not to wake
up so it goes into defense mode uh yeah
I'm pretty sure you have to see a doctor
about that okay mom okay here look I'm
gonna go see the movies you can stay
here and sleep all right no no how that
movie good right oh what a child want
some beer isn't me what are you guys
doing
oh okay bye thanks for watching the
video and subscribe
behind the scenes bloopers right there
check out these videos mm-hmm Falls
Twitter al sabi
romasaa B buy our merchandise they're
super cool mmm-hmm
okay bye I am so super sincerely sorry
for super swiftly sleep ah I am so super
sorry for C so super sincerely sorry
Harry I am so super sincerely sorry for
super slippery huh
