you know we have smaller bowls right oh
it's okay
big bowls for big boys but you don't
even finish it uh yeah do really uh-huh
finishing is further week progress is
for the strong you know there are people
in Africa who need this more than you by
the time I even sent this to Africa it
get all soggy
they don't want that you're such a waste
of time talking to like I don't even
know what to do with you sometimes name
three things I've wasted in my lifetime
and I'll admit to you that I am wishful
guy shaving cream take
damsel-in-distress looks like your life
needs shaving
ha ha ha ha hey pretty lady want to
shave your number and name in my phone
look a little disabled
ah that was my first time shaving okay
I wanted to go all out it was your first
time shaving yeah but that's the only
time you can think of no remember my
birthday
I didn't even waste anything that time
wait wait I'm not done with the story
yet happy birthday
yeah happy girl
oh boy that happened see why do you even
have two cakes to begin with two kegs
see why do you even have these breakfast
okay are you convinced you waste things
now you still have one more example to
give all right that one time you were
mad at me
Roy wait I'm pooping I have to make
peepee hold on
why oh can you stop being wasteful now
okay
you promise can I do one more thing
what
are you done
okay you're done okay I'm taking this
okay
okay bye
hi hey guys hope you enjoyed yesterday's
teaser on the second channel because we
really sat every Tuesday now yup and
don't forget subscribe and follow us on
Twitter Alec sabe
while I was Bobby check out the links
right here check them out click gun
you'll be good this cake is delicious
ok bye
bless you reelect Obama
