what's up everybody
hey guys today we're gonna do a
challenge yes but we have two special
guests with us we have Logan ball and on
my side we have Yusef fouseytube today
we're defend the dizzy board challenge
let's go well here's the deal it's me
and Alex versus Logan and uses for every
activity we have to spend 7 times in a
row our first activity is called catch a
card one person throws a card to their
partner and they have to catch it if
they don't catch it they don't get the
point
fastest team ways
I'm sick
love you
oh yeah we got it we got three two one
oh he doesn't even know how can happen I
don't even know what it works did you
guys yeah team wasabi one team games
what Leonard are with W activity number
two it's called switching boards
basically we spin around and then we
switch boards with our partner simple as
that
three two one
yeah come on Oh and for the final
challenge each team has to spin around
seven times go to opposite ends of the
house and bounce a ball off a chair in
the middle to the other that's good you
don't know if it's good or not five six
seven
my mom okay bye
thanks for watching the video don't
green subscribe thank you so much for
fuzzy and Logan you can follow them on
youtube.com slash Lucy - and I
youtube.com slash the officials just
doing my janitor alright let us know if
you won't round - we'll see we clearly
want a rematch
yeah whoa whoa what you want oh hi oh my
gosh oh I got you wrong no chance we are
we're the true names never look a game
by hooks I didn't get out Oh Jack get on
I'm coming go I'm flying
