hi hi today we are going to do the juice
challenge so we got these cups you can't
see what's in them we both juice some
stuff we're gonna put it in here so you
can guess the most correctly we went to
the grocery store we just picked out
five different things to put in the
juicer we're gonna try to guess each
other's juice is this the person or the
loser has to drink a combination of all
our juices combined what nobody told me
that part okay let's do it
alright I'll go first okay first item
mango
we got a peaches
make halls
a sweet potato
asparagus
Froy I'm making a Kiwi juiced drink
orange bell peppers
we are LeMans
ginger
we got blueberries irad up a breeze he's
not gonna know if he guesses both of
these that's crazy
around one is he gross
no this is where Ella is always the
easiest Apple Domingo to put them in
here
round two this is a little harder do you
clean it out first I clean I watered it
down make sure it's clean there's some
so maybe but it's okay pretty
that's weird
I know what it is it's just hard to me
what is it this tomato is to it I knew
the water No Oh lemon yep got it I got
it
it's for me it's for you very good this
is good I made sure I juice it really
really nicely okay
sour I didn't think that one was gonna
be sour they're not gonna get it I know
this no I'm alone that's two guesses
raspberry it was I hope you're ready
board this one because this one is gonna
get
no are there any cucumbers in this game
oh this is for you sir thank you is it
delicious yes it is I don't know I've
never had a juice to one of these
there's a potato kinda I got something
Billy it's just for your appetite I did
not expect that yeah it's no kind of
pepper no wait
okay I give up I know I can't guess it
here's its ginger oh I could see that
why would you go up to go go what you
got warming up
what yeah when you put two there because
I knew I was gonna lose it in the future
okay guys I'm gonna get all the things
we mixed up and put in follow us on
Twitter drink that does it look gross
I'm challenges over the audio yes okay
bang hey guys thanks for watching the
video don't read subscribe I was on
Twitter arrow zombie out asabi hope you
enjoyed this throwing up again yes and
check out these videos over here for
other stuff we've done check it out
click on it okay - voice
man you liar
