oh here we go we about to do it it's
about to happen Oh Oh what it is what it
be what it - Joe I don't even know how
I'm gonna vlog today you beat me up yeah
but your punch you punch them alarm rice
punch the other arm it didn't hurt in
the moment I guess cuz the adrenaline
but now oh oh wow did you go 100% oh my
gosh you thought that I would be so sad
in my heart and imma beat you
oh what's that 15 that's combined with
our powers combined we are okay I didn't
go the best bye bye now welcome to
today's predicament I have a laptop but
on this laptop I currently possess the
black screen of death if you don't know
what that is let me show you whom this
computer is clearly on right now the
brightness is up everything is supposed
to be working but for some reason the
screen will turn on you can hear all the
sounds you can hear everything and
there's this cool thing with a flash
that you can do to prove that it works
but it doesn't work so we've got to stop
my best buy to get a new laptop or fix
this one either one works for me alright
so you're telling me that this is it's
not working the best option is to take
it to Apple because that's what it is
but have you ever thought about like
think that's helping
know that like that's bad yeah feeling
it made it worse no because it hasn't
cracked the screen yeah okay what if I
drop it from here nothing one of these
all right here possibility that I think
it's gonna break should we do it have
you had an interesting day today okay
show you make it interesting right now
oh here we go we about to do it it's
about to happen oh oh it's broken you
think it's broken here we go 33 - what
if I fix it Wow wait wait wait look
nothing actually happened to the screen
ah so it didn't fix it oh it oh it
almost fixed a wait it's gonna give you
some problems for sure later on because
of the drought okay cool well I guess I
just made things worse
okay look at this look at that that is
perfect that's working I should get a
job here oh yeah you guys don't even
know I'm a tech wizard all day it's not
even glitching that's it it's her dog I
haven't seen this screen in two days so
I come out of Best Buy and wasabi comes
up to me and she's like hey do you want
to donate to the DARE program everybody
there was like their program yes and I
was like ah
since you're Savion what are the
packages she lifted off the packages I
said I'm gonna do the big one and then
she hit me with this you do two feet boy
she's trying to upsell me so these are
the packages okay and then these it so
it's a little bit more a little bit more
a little more and then ten classrooms
and this one for a school so I can
provide what for the school - okay then
we're gonna have to make it four police
officers
okay let's do it so cool so many kids
are gonna get so many bugs and
everything so I've brought my laptop to
Best Buy and before I went to go see if
they get a fix I just thought maybe I
should get a new one because I've had
this one for like three years and
there's definitely a new model so I got
a new one but then I thought might as
well stop and see if I can get it fixed
they couldn't fix it so I picked it up
and dropped it fixed my own laptop I
wouldn't recommend that but it works for
me so that's all I'm saying
and I made the day of two strangers and
not only that I provided two entire
schools with workbooks and police
officer training and that's gonna make
the school safer that's gonna make the
kids smarter it's gonna make it so they
don't have to pay for their own books so
all in all it's a good start to today
but what am I gonna do with this new
laptop now that I fixed mine
Hey look so I got this I took it to a
store to get fixed let's see the store
ex-con mr. mr. oh oh there you go
smashing you lots of wait wait wait wait
oh that's not a good thing that worked I
see a cracker screaming do you think
it's let me open it up and just tighten
there's something loosen that's it if
you shine it through the Apple thing is
shoes what's on the screen
oh yeah it's a sleep mode any good new
laptop I need a laptop well you know
what that's okay what I'm gonna get my
fixed what I got you a new one why don't
you take this one because I don't like
it why not cuz this is a USB thing you
got adapters for its new I don't like
new things I just like I like my thing
you need a laptop though you need one
more that I do yours is bad why it's not
that bad it's pretty bad it's a nice one
it was like 512 whatever jeebies
whatever that means
giant beans yeah you're more like a
guinea pig I just need you to test it
out see what it's like get the adapter
see if you like it if you like I'm gonna
get one for me come on come on come on
come on please be my friend please no
okay that sounds like a job for future
Alex I just got back from the gym and
this happened yeah a good father don't
judge me
you just stepped into the middle of this
this whole thing you're at a context
today's moment that was awkward
I tell you I have officially been
working out for two weeks straight
oh you guys can't tell the difference
but I can definitely feel the difference
cuz I'm so sore all the time
it is horrible but this is the day that
I usually stop working out throughout
the years I would work out be like oh
this is it this is where I'm sticking
through it and then I would get to about
14 days two weeks and then I would
slowly oh I missed a day then I missed
another day and then I just completely
stopped working out but not this time
I'm more motivated than ever to continue
working out because I got to go to the
Philippines then I gotta go on that
vacation with my brother and Aaron but
Lauren and then Oh your boys going to
playlist live in Florida and at some
point in all that craziness I got to go
back home and visit my family it's been
too long we need some family vlogs right
so the workout journey is still going on
it's still going strong and I'm about to
get it Body Transformation bout to go
damn
I used to have those angel hair needle
arm now I got them o noodles boy oh yeah
right now I'd be rocking them futons
though hey I want to thank the ones that
have been sticking with me tweeting me
commenting me supporting me helped me
get in the best shape of my life I know
I got a little distracted the main goal
get fit get big dunk do a muscle-up if
you don't know what a must love this
both of my goals but I got a little
distracted I got a little excited about
this whole YouTube boxing thing but that
is no longer my main goal my goal is
positivity inspiration get big and if I
do get the box in the future then boxing
is what's gonna happen but for right now
I gotta get in shape Oh guess what you
know what was really sore today my BT
you know my arm that you punched
yesterday you told me dude no I'm just
telling you you're strong I thought
you'd be happy that you're so strong I
know it hurts huh
nice haha oh no we need to update them
on the Valentine song you need to update
them on the birthday song you guys were
expecting about Wednesday son I am aware
I know I was supposed to have one out by
valentine's day but that got moved way
back we still like a weeks away from
that but we are gonna go to the studio
we're gonna sing it I already wrote it
and then we gonna release it and then
we're gonna record a music video they
will release that crap right so I didn't
forget about it I'm sorry I know it eh
hey I'm only human
okay I'm not portable kind of drives I'm
not Black Panther yeah manly yes oh I'm
gonna lie detector it says after three
months wait till you see my
transformation and then I'm gonna put
you in lye to take a test okay
last two things I'm gonna update you
about in this vlog I know there's been a
lot of updates but that's only because
there's a lot of stuff happening in the
next few months in less than a week I
will be in the Philippines I am going to
a super duper duper secret destination I
can't tell anybody
like nobody and I mean no Phi is allowed
to know that I'm going to Manila raka
and for the first time ever said boo yes
I'm going to I mean wait
okay well well I guess now you guys you
guys oh yeah the promise not to tell
anybody okay secret also I'm going there
for a super-secret mission as well I
can't tell you guys about that one but
you will find out very soon
I wish wish wish I could tell you the
reason for why I'm going to the
Philippines why I'm being flown first
class across the
three but it's so antic and amazing that
I can't ruin the surprise I just can't
do it
you guys gonna find out next week when I
leave the United States and go on some
dope Filipino ad ventures and the last
thing this is it a promise look this is
it okay look when I was all about the
boxing stuff I kind of ordered something
and he might not have been the smartest
thing to work what I just got in the
mail was a wooden board
these are apparently karate punching
boards that you can punch through and
that's hard I don't think I can put
through this this is an actual board
this is wood oh my gosh Wow come back
tomorrow if you want to see me punch
slash kick and or headbutt this karate
board and I'm gonna need some help
because I might have kind of sort of
order about 40 of them oh my gosh what
was I thinking oh that's a lot of boards
I'm gonna need a lot more hand slash
feed slash heads to break all these I
think these are real boards I don't
think I worded the karate ones cuz these
are super tough well we're gonna find
out tomorrow that's all I got for you
guys today
see you tomorrow and until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong okay
bye
