welcome to shark aquarium where
individuals will have an opportunity to
pitch their products in front of wealthy
businessmen introducing the sharks Roy
wasabi the creator of baby diapers he's
a multi-billionaire and basically has a
monopoly on the entire diaper industry
Alex wasabi he won the lottery 57 times
nobody knows how he does it people just
call him mr. luck aful and will nobody
knows how he got his money he's just
really rich accept it today's episode
features two entrepreneurs seeking an
investment for part of their company hi
sharks
my name is Rolanda and today we are
seeking a $100,000 for 10% of our
company do you ever get sick inside of a
watch that can only tell time oh well
this product is not only a watch but
it's a watch that can do everything else
Oh
as you can see it's just a regular watch
but hey what if your lips are chapped
what are you gonna do Oh check this out
oh this is how it works you get a
chapstick or whatever you need put on
the watch and you just tape it around
the watch
whoa see now I can just put in my lip
cuz my lips are chapped
Richard's right oh no I totally forgot
my phone I gotta call my homie today oh
good curve oh look at the phone here's
what you gotta do right there well this
for me Richard oh you got your phone get
your tape keep it to your watch
everything roll and I'll be all set
oh hello oh hey President Obama oh yeah
I'm just here at a shark aquarium yes
yes yeah yeah this is what Burma the
best invention ever
okay okay I'll tell him all right I'll
talk to you later Brock all right
preparing burger Murr oh that was the
President of the United States he just
told me this is the best invention ever
oh so much funnier sex ah which one of
these sharks will be the one to invest
all your time and watch your money go up
ha ha ha
you do know Rolanda you're just taping
random devices to your watch right Chad
no this is original made from our home
my home you didn't really answer my
question or Lana you ask the question
yes
Rwanda can you please elaborate on on
who you are and how you came up with
this idea okay well i'm Rolanda and i'm
a doctor with many different degrees I
have a whole eight degrees oh but I did
not need them because I I wanted to
follow another path
oh-ho and and what is that love Oh be
business appropriate Oh
Richard so what about you
oh okay listen I think I've heard enough
and let me tell you what I'm gonna do I
think I will offer you now you could
take it or leave it
$100,000 for 40% but I asked for
$100,000 for 10% hmm okay I see where
you're coming from but I am in this
business and I know how much time it's
going to take to bring you to the next
level so 100,000 for 40%
she's just taping random stuff to her
watch I got this 100,000 for 40% okay
Rolanda before you say anything else I
just want to say I don't believe in your
vision I think this is a cleat ripoff
and I'm sorry to say this but I'm out
okay whoa thank you for your time
Oh jerk excuse me I'm gonna put an offer
I'll give you the hundred thousand
dollars but I want 30% equity in your
company I don't think I can accept that
I'm asking for 10% oh okay so that's
your final choice right well let me
clear the field I'm out why stop looking
in the camera Jade whoa I'll tell you
what if you can convince me that your
product is worth that much I'll hop back
in
okay I knew someone would say that so I
came prepared
see you can even toast your bread must
be toasty toast your bread toast you
read step you okay okay I know they have
a lot of work to do unlock everything so
invest in Miranda she's the most
beautiful beautiful beautiful in the
whole world so told me I'll join her in
joining you and watch everything I want
10% oh that works too oh yeah everyone
we can do we're gonna make you rich
okay
they get all nice thinking so much Mike
pretty hard work thank you Thank You
Chad thank you I can't believe this
happened I have to really think Richard
for this without him the strikes would
never pick to me sure
ah no Richard we're just business
partners no partner preggers I don't
want to be a boy anymore
yeah okay bye
thank you for investing your time by
watching this video don't forget to
subscribe and help us build our business
see how we invested into this video and
behind the scene I'm really savvy Alex
wasabi and yellow pop goo
I'm out I'm out I'm out hey oh yo guy oh
wow
King cm GTV hello I farted oh no no is
little no I don't think it's ain't go
anywhere oh I smell it that's cut sorry
