the video you're about to watch can
cause serious injury or worse do not
attempt to recreate or reenact this
challenge or any act that you experience
while watching thank you hi guys welcome
to another episode of us blowing and
eating stop yay
what do we have today mr. Alec today we
have energy stuff we got sports drink
energy got energy drinks and we have
energy coffee mmm yes we're gonna boil
it and see what happens to him over
couple hours until they turn really nice
and Chris for us to eat yes and then
we're gonna digest it it's gonna be good
to be yummy we're gonna be hyper join
this experiment with us you guys seem to
like us boiling stuff and eating them so
let's suffer even Vaughn woo alright
we're here in the fancy stove what you
want to do is turn everything on the
same time now that is nice and warm
we're gonna pour some stuff let's do it
on my side coffee and sports drinks on
my side energy drink and the red wine so
this is gonna be quite interesting here
we go oh no oh no I already mess up
sound like smell like the bar
all right now that we have all the
ingredients on the plot check out the
time 1:54 p.m. and let's see how long
it'll take to a boil the red wine has
fully evaporated but we say just a
little bit of this thing a little bit a
little bit so we're gonna try it out and
see how it tastes so you guys know how
it goes okay go ahead just like medicine
yeah huh kids do not drink wine you
gotta be over 21
in most countries 18 show but we're in
America yes okay
two one whoo
gimme you do that to me all the time
everyone but it's hot was it
is that a bad this tastes like really
warm grapes really bitter warm grapes
yes it's probably good for your skin
right is it is it I think so
thank you you look like a cat now dude
yeah we have another suspect this is the
sports train oh yes this is what people
drink whenever they play sports it turns
into this sports drink Cheers let's be
healthy and fit Rick
oh oh
you
it was so bad water is the only good
drink in the world
wha this is the coffee oh oh it's done
oh it's not seated you go first check
this out you can see you like all the
burnt sugar
oh that's just coffee I know let's be
good better than red wine in the end why
it's mushy well let's get caffeinated
good dog huh pretty good I would still
eat this honestly there's like chocolate
coffee available even when it's like
burnt all the way down it's still good I
understand why people have coffee now ha
ha like I could swallow this one nice
for ya yeah okay come on
yeah well it's probably super bad for
you but a school pretty good yeah pretty
yeah listen learn um boiled coffee all
the way down isn't too bad but don't let
the look at the CPU because this is evil
evil in a pot it has been 4 hours and 18
minutes we finally got this energy drink
to dissolve to this liquid state we turn
from clover like my yellow light brown
yeah and to black ah look at this
there's like you know what that is yes
sure that's sugar
what is that brown sugar oh it's poison
oh okay that's what anyways this is what
you drink whenever you drink energy
drinks
and yeah you put this into your system
it's alright because we'll put this in
ours I'm gonna pour me a little bit of
this energy drink for my body whoo
oh my gosh it looks like tar
straight up tar yeah but energy tomorrow
oh look at this I blew on it and makes
it like a formation this is what killed
the dinosaurs energy dings yeah not
coming out after my gosh he's good fast
looking better I didn't like the cokes
yeah all right verbal pull-ups 6 how
many snake energy to do lesson learned
yes no matter what you boil not always
gonna be good yeah
look my learned water h2o is the only
way to go okay bye
thanks for watching haha yeah great for
water don't forget subscribe follow us
on Twitter Instagram off Saudi or noise
company watch it no you get alright um
yeah oh don't try this at home please
don't leave revonnah change right there
and we'll see you next up okay bye
you lied or something I can't dude
well I I spin this around I guess oh oh
that hurts so bad yeah very bad
so is iris
