hey guys hello thank you for coming to
join us for the next challenge video on
this wasabi channel yes yeah today we
have a new challenge that we thought of
that we thought would be pretty cool
what is it what is it what it is called
the one bite challenge so in these two
bags we have edible items and Roy gets
to pick one which one you want about
this one okay and in these bags we have
different things you have to put all
your mouth at once and try to eat it you
go first me first okay okay that's a big
thing a pepperoni this like so wrong
right now already it's just a pepperoni
almost there almost there you got it
look at that first bite it's so hard
your mouth is so full mmm today it's
like there you go I hear it take one
bite for Alex okay this is next oh
that's not too bad oh yeah what is this
it's a cinnamon honey bun yeah all a
mouth not the whole thing it would bite
the blood that's nothing I can do
whatever I want to it as long as I put
it all in my mouth all your mouth and
then you
all of it all it was
okay okay oh oh it's a bedroom it's
gonna be so drier than yours
this is way bigger than my mouth okay
one one yes we need bigger mouths some
real hard
all right next one oh yeah you can feel
it I can feel it I'll do this dude
that's just way smaller than the power
whoa-oh
there's five and one bag at four on the
other yeah so when we get to for each
whoever it's a highest has to eat the
fifth one okay okay all right okay so
you got - I got ya - you all warm okay
so this is myself as a pickle tomato not
bad so you don't like tomatoes I don't
like this okay ready oh yeah I've never
seen that before
oh yeah oh you got it you look like a
llama do you know it's squirting all
over dude careful juicy you know
tomatoes a food service okay what's it I
hope this is a cookie why you did this
on purpose huh I'm trying to like
calculate like what's the best approach
for this is don't judge me
if you pick I thought it might get this
next one then it's okay
oh that was Chris why'd you put your
basket my face I didn't mean to you
moved no this is how you pour you're
like okay go I've never used to
basketball in my life ever
I thought about it it wouldn't find the
shake it so frantically oh yes I think I
want this so I finally really hard oh my
gosh look how much icing is on oh you're
gonna help me with this I closed my eyes
you just try to put all
oh yeah push your madman you guys keep
going do it do it I am victorious among
the rest
oh okay I win all right
all this icing on me oh it's on that
side oh yeah it's all in that time I
didn't see that that you know you'll be
okay so that's the end of the video uh
nope you promise you're like hey the
person with the most poor gets to pick
one
so what do you have oh that's not bad to
use let's all you do a clove of garlic
you know close you got yeah you don't
back out it's all you man oh oh oh oh
yeah
does that mean I still wouldn't even
though you finish your mouth smells like
garlic
that's way too strong oh I win okay bye
thanks for watching us struggle in this
video don't forget subscribe to try it
at home don't chug be careful mm-hmm
follow us twitter Alex Roy what sabe
bodices bloopers right there check it
out juicy you know tomatoes are fruits
those juicy fruit
