so hey guys today we are doing the Red
Bull milk challenge what we're gonna do
is mix Red Bull and milk together now so
Red Bull is an acidic drink and there is
protein and milk so when those two mixed
together it creates this salt and it
coagulates and makes a little gross
looking foam stuff so that's the science
behind it and we're gonna drink it
scientifically science alright let's do
this go let it combine and settle what's
the word with our powers combined
quietly look it's starting you see the
cloudiness when it's cloudy oh yeah it
just gets super cloudy okay guys we're
gonna let this settle for five minutes
and that Roy he's gonna chug all of it
predictions yeah I'm gonna drink it
you're probably not a challenge you
never do it so I tried to just you have
more willpower I'll pour you next time
let's eat like a trout you're Larry
coagulation Oh tastes like yogurt that's
not bad
yeah okay it seems like yogurt is this
how they make yogurt this is good oh wow
we just we're gonna play a game that
first want to finish the glass doesn't
have to drink another quiz let me get my
dad ready
Oh guys hey you know drink another glass
man how'd you do that I took one sip are
you crying I can't
it's texture is weird and then the milk
and the proteins all about here when you
drink it
think of yogurt I didn't believe it
enough really I think that's the same
cool I'm usually the one who throws out
oh you know you got a drink another
because I was I'm gonna beat you now
ready we got coagulate bro oh no it is
bad what happened I guess over time it
it's graduating Oh horrible chicken it's
so bad I think the first time we didn't
do it like enough yeah okay first my
physics class with you until you alright
now
we can make you laugh for me all right
I know if I drink this I know for a fact
if I took this I'm gonna throw it nah
how do you know I know okay let it go
you won't I can't even look at it up
snapchat you go redbull and milk go go
go go Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck oh God
Jake three these are 80 I think like one
if you add it together
Oh golly what's up so what do you think
I liked it I liked it the first the
first Cup was great this is what happens
when you mix Red Bull and milk yes okay
bye hey guys thanks for watching the
video don't be subscribe us on Twitter
arrows on me I'll just I hope you
enjoyed this throw it up again yes and
check out that other space annotation
because it was really cool I got to go
on set and interact with the cast and
so check it out click on it okay
