hello hey guys we're gonna do another
mad libs so same thing we make upwards
fill in the blanks and we create a story
so let's do it
okay give me a plural noun toes
adjective describing word you guys
didn't know I wasn't checking with make
sure you knew that obese another active
oh okay parallel now baby
now I'll friend now best friend now moon
adjective perpendicular what is wrong
with their geometry adjectives mean mean
mm-hmm noun school part of body plural
ears part of body eyelid eyelid that's a
good one
and a plural down last one lungs lungs
okay you ready for your story I'm ready
hmm toes all ages enjoy watching obese
magicians perform their parallel tricks
every man woman and baby loves to see a
magician pull a girlfriend out of a hat
saw a life best friend in half or make a
huge moon disappear into perpendicular
air ha ha ha
the greatest of all magicians was the
mean Harry Houdini hey who was able to
escape from a locked school even though
his ears were tied behind his eyelid and
his feet were wrapped in iron lungs Wow
oh my gosh all right here we go give me
some words baby a person in the room in
the room right here ah pirate no one of
us are here for okay a cameraman Kyle
okay here you adjective police police
yeah throw down Jesus Jesus Jesus okay
plug on balls this pleure noun farts for
it's of course
number 11 T number 7 down stairs part of
body nipples type of liquid spit active
homeless
well now garbages well there you go down
boom throw them soaps noun carpet number
3 now toenails oh here we go you ready
for your story I'm ready for this story
Carla's back that's what thousands of
police fans kept shouting at the top of
their cheese's as the san francisco
balls defeated the Miami ports 11 p27
after almost two years of sitting on the
stairs with his broken nipples in a
bucket of spit football great kyle
returned to the game and led his team to
a homeless victory in addition to
running for two garbages and throwing a
poop breaking 12 soaps in a row he saved
the game by recovering a carpet on the
3-yard toenail hope you guys enjoyed our
stories and let us know if you want us
to do more maybe we can do one would
Ruggiero lie the next night right yes
and do not forget to scribe
give me now subscribe I'll give you them
okay bye okay bye
hey guys thanks watching this video
don't forget to subscribe and at Alex
wasabi and will you see you all next
week yes yes you better be there next
week no I won that's right exactly
okay bye
