did you drink my milk don't look at me
I'm lactose intolerance it was full and
now it's almost gone you drink my milk
well just cuz I'm your roommate doesn't
mean you have to blame everything on me
go buy me another one
what hey guys Alex I see you're running
a little low on milks cloud what's up
did you drink my milk no me no no Kyle
what's up look me straight in the eye
and tell me you didn't drink my milk I
did not drink your milks are you sure I
do not believe in drinking liquids from
cows are you sure I'm positive and you
know what
stop trying to milk the situation what
just happened
Kyle pute milks I'm sorry about the
puking so it was you I promise it wasn't
me come on Kyle come on I totally called
it
you're both liars we didn't drink your
milks go to the store now
and get me some new milks hold on this
isn't over
hmm hello Oh Alex what's up how's Hawaii
boys great listen listen I need your
advice on this girl she's oh did you
drink my mind oh you guys need to stop
drinking my milk for the last time no
one drink your milks you see we don't
need calcium like you now you're making
fun of my bones this isn't over
it's a man yo what up bro you'll never
guess what
what do you don't will will you - okay
guys I'll give you one chance I'm gonna
count to three
one you're wasting oxygen dude - wait
I drank up all your milks fine
I drink your milk Stu okay yeah I knew
it was you guys because I put throw-up
medicines in my milks so you would throw
up so got Chu and got Chu but I forget
both you so let's hug it out I'm so
sorry it's okay just don't drink my milk
money no there's no medicine in that so
what are you kidding me oh go ahead okay
bye dudes hey guys
face watching the video don't forget
subscribe thank you so much for our cast
and crew yes
yeah Kyle hatch over here yeah yellow
Paco and big thanks to my vulture coming
out and spitting milk on me hey follow
us on twitter row savvy algae sabe kz of
ggb yellow Paco I smokes milk snug smell
smell smell smell smell smells
unbelievable we'll give me some milks
