I have waited for this moment my whole
life
all I ever wanted to do is be bad
I will show the whole town who is in
charge and I will not let anyone get in
my way today is my day i am alexander
evil
doing Pilates sorry this is the
beginning of my new life I will become
the best villain the world has ever seen
hey you got to change you change no I
was waiting this first no I planned this
when I was a baby
what this is my first day being evil and
you're ruining everything shut up hate
you hate you too
argh
today is another day I won't let anyone
stop me from being the evilest of evil I
will show them who's boss I am Alexander
evil
this is it
he might have ruined the last day but
today is my again come on I thought
about this is yesterday when I was
running home I went so hard on this one
I don't understand you how about you
stop wearing what I'm wearing
no I'm out of here
i am alexander evil
we're flying - yeah I knew it got a
problem with my flying I just learned
how to fly I took classes why do you
keep coming through this alleyway
anyways this is a friend this is not
your alleyway okay I can walk through it
if I want to well you know I'm gonna be
here well I look better than you anyways
in this costumes I hate you
again why I tried to go simple and
you're still wearing the same thing this
is very intricate it's not simple now
what that's it that's right walk away no
I don't wanna be I don't wanna be either
it's your fault
whatever okay bye guys thanks for
watching my video don't forget subscribe
follow us on Twitter every word of it
Alex avi and I hope you guys enjoyed it
stay tuned for next week on what's happy
Wednesday seriously II just stopped
wearing the same clothes I'm wearing
Alexandra evil
