Rolando the Explorer hola me llamo
Rolando I cannot think about my friend
because they do you know or be courteous
if you do say me gusta month are Patos
who because they hey where are your
clothes
Oh hola me llamo goat eh
lo siento about my appearance earlier I
shower naked we wished on 11:11 and we
want our wishes to come true do you know
what we should do a magical lamp or who
do we go to if we don't know what to do
that's right a psychiatrist but more
importantly a map say with me
ma'am ma'am ma'am
hey guys and the map I was born like
this don't make fun of me tell Rolando
to go to the sunny sidewalk web swimming
pool and the happy hot tub and he will
find a magical land he's out where do we
go to next that's the bottle it's at the
bottom that's right the sunny sidewalk
let's go come on vamanos everybody be
okay do you hear that oh it's a homeless
man hey homeless man hey fellas you
don't happen to have a thousand pesos on
you do you
I have $100 ah
okay wait should we give the homeless
man $100
shame on you who said no homeless people
have hearts - Wow okay we are in
business to reward you both I'm going to
show you to the sidewalk the sunny
sidewalk
that's right the sunny sidewalk let's go
here we are it's great isn't it all
right well see ya
muy bien
hey be good to be careful if you step on
the crack you're gonna break your
mother's back I don't believe that oh I
guess it didn't work I told you Rolando
where do we go to next we gotta get a
new curser I got it
that's right the wet swimming pool be
goatee how are we gonna cross the pool
do you know how to cross the pool that's
right you swim across it
Gosei come on
we did it haha
where do we go to next the hotdogs right
there shut up be goat eh you're right
we'll be going to you look look
the good thing we found the magical
doubt that will make our wishes come
true
Wow how does it work
try rubbing it do you guys know how to
work a magical lamp you don't I'll get
you out of there genie because why did
you break the lamp cuz I had to get the
genie out we did our whole adventure to
find the lamp
why did you do that sorry yeah good
thing oh shit so I'm gonna cut your
beard I'm gonna you can't do that
anymore you don't want your what I won't
for me
I'm just a big mustache guy living too
small in this world
okay I always need like one of my money
in this the Mac said to go that way what
you pointer fit and you wanted to break
you yeah oh hey hey now once I've seen
this man
you guys they get on my nerves Oh
nobody mess with book okay okay by
Subdudes
hope you enjoyed the video hey guys
don't forget subscribe follow us on
Twitter Instagram advocate a and Rolando
haha we're sorry
okay if you find a magical lamp let us
know we'll be at your doorstep we're
gonna look for more magical Maps now
there's this dude broken hey good met
homeless man take it
he's right there okay bye be good see
what was that it's a monster let's check
it out
