why'd you bring me here
well you know Tony Horton obviously I
know Tony Horton well you can call me
Tony just Tony's yes now what are we
doing today 20 Horton uh we're gonna do
some stuff in the dip bar we're gonna do
some stuff over here on the high bar and
we might even hit the pegboard it gets
pretty cool stuff you guys are loving
let's do it oh yeah
so Rolanda alex is a great first move
it's called pullovers okay I'll do a
couple and then you guys can do a couple
leap up to the bar legs are straight up
back the other way
and then over again one ah that's too oh
did you know when I was five years old
my dad told me to do that and I did it
when you were five but no it's fine I
was like daddy I love you
Verlander nobody cares let's just do
workout all right come on a legs up no I
want you to do a workout
I'll watch huh all right so you go up
around and over straight you're all
right dude yeah don't watch your chunk
do it again nice yeah nice Alex very
good ah Rolanda what you got it's okay I
just wanted to see you do it okay if I
not do it okay
don't look under my scrape Buechele all
right ready
one two hey well you gotta you gotta
reach up okay I understand yes Tony
Horton here we go one two see Wow I'm
hanging three high up there okay don't
look up there my skirt I'm not alone
you're on no shot of that
none you don't need to shave your
armpits shut up oh no legs over Oh
that's a different thing I'd say a good
thing yeah am i doing it right
no no okay wired eight eight so that was
awesome
thank you Tony Horton I'm dick fantastic
Alex you want to try the next thing he
didn't piss but yeah Rolanda Alex these
are called dip walk you get up on the
parallel bars you do a little tip you
walk down at the end with your hands and
then you walk back all right so I'll do
I'll go first
I can do it when I was six my dad made
me do this I did eleven honey dip Oh
Tony smoothie whatever Tony Horton
you're really strong can you do it baby
I believe in you I believe in you I
believe Tony Horton keep working it
you're not doing anything but your daddy
all day Tony Horton
oh right man
that was awful I'm gonna show you fill
us how it's done back in kindergarten I
was the alpha female number one first
class I won a trophy
whoa whoa ha ha my doing this right
how's this kind of amazing okay told you
and also female 20 right then
yeah Wow with arms like that go all day
long what's next well now we have a
pegboard all right you guys as you can
see above me this is called the pegboard
and so the idea here is to use every
hole go all the way up to the corner off
to that side down and then back to where
you started
okay I'll see amazing just for you sexy
thank you
so Alex how would you rate his technique
I would break you perfect what about you
well I wouldn't use perfect but I would
use almost perfect thank you Italy
interesting yeah that's right
well you guys that was uh that was
outstanding thank you thank you for
tuning in
okay where's Alex I don't care about you
guys anymore Alex
oh okay okay
bang hi everyone thanks for watching the
video special thanks to Tony Horton you
can subscribe to his channel at
youtube.com slash Tony Horton Fitness
and you can also check out the
collaboration video within with him
right here on the description boxes over
here
I never say anything hey you shush I
can't do it why did you bring me here
well obviously Tony's supposed to come
in but Carrie
