but so do the big guys we are here with
a good buddy furious Pete and today we
were gonna do something very very bad
so the hottest pepper in the world is
called the Carolina Reaper and the
hottest part of the pepper are the seeds
so I was like yo might as well just take
the seeds yeah so technically these are
the hottest seats in the world right
here these packets are seeds take one of
them has five seeds
one of them has ten seeds and one of
those 15 seeds and we're not sure which
one has which so we're gonna let our
guest Pete decide just let you guys go
this is more than twice as spicy and
high as the ghost pepper 2.8 million
Scoville units I think which is nuts
okay okay I got this one all right once
we took this we can't really go back how
are this first one to touch milk or
drink something to ease the pain I think
I got the least about I have 50 members
guys okay that's the left I got why are
we doing this these are the seeds
because man this is this is why the
seeds of death
so that that let's let it sit in it so
and I'm good I don't even feel it
he's getting hot starting I'm trying to
salivate
I gots wallet okay I saw my tongue oh
they're little Dingley thing in the back
of my mouth hurts
is it a uvula is my ovary is that what
is that
Oh help me
can we drink down okay all right girl
what is head it hurts it's like let's go
on the time good not fun I can't do it
yet I don't want to lose oh gosh it
could be an artist with your saliva okay
I'm going I'm doing it I'm doing it okay
okay okay it's on the mind you did oh
that's instantly because so it's better
I think that pass off okay
flavors
so God will help you learn today don't
trust friends with milk do this with
friends make sure you take off your
shoes okay bye what's up dudes hey guys
he's watching the video don't forget
subscribe make sure you do the Carolina
Reaper do it and then you can watch our
go stripper challenge on the side in the
link and then check out Pete's channel
thanks to him for coming out and
throwing milk and it still hurt hard to
concentrate is penis
