hi my name is Yolanda it's that time of
year again
reindeers Santa Claus cookies coffee hot
cocoa
presents you know that time of year
December ha ha ha ha all right you know
what it is today I'm gonna show you how
to do makeup except it's gonna be a
Christmas makeup edition so you can go
out to the world and say hi did all
those pretty guys out there with your
lovely Christmas makeup okay let's get
started first things first you need a
jump line foundation so your face
doesn't get shiny and oily you want to
make it the perfect okay so I have this
it's very beautiful ladies love it I
love it because the guides on it
they're like little um they let me lick
you ha ha okay all right first you gotta
get the brush and then use the brush
skip this powder and then just put it on
your face there's a matter wherever your
fish is shiny put it over that because
you want to shine right okay done okay
step number two what are the colors for
Christmas it's red and green ha ha ha ha
so you know what I did I went to the
store and I got red lipstick and I
couldn't find green lipstick so I got
green nail polish instead back rook
sustained me just put it on your lips
factory baby okay once you get your
lipsticks done you want to do your eyes
mix so I went to the store and got a
whole bunch of eyeshadow different
colors okay all right
green I don't have a brush so just use
your finger it works the same way trust
me trust me so you get your finger
mixture you press hard because it's very
very important you do because
I mean it's Christmas hahaha ok get the
green put it in your eyes like yes
yeah oh the more green you got the more
the men and women if you want to win
them it's ok
oh man a gun my eye hurts but it's ok
get ruined you are in strong beautiful
individual ok alright since you got all
this green out just make sure you get it
all out you see it's gone ok on your
eyes base no it doesn't matter I know
it's this eye shadow one tip I show my
blood all right greens done now get
ready use another finger I prefer the
ring finger because you know ring is
perfect
alright get the red put it in your eyes
perfect and if you want to go extreme
I'll tell you a secret guys love this
you get the red eye shadow and put it up
your nose it smells weird I don't know
why I did that but I did it for you guys
because I love guys because they love me
hey if you want to go to stream you can
get all the colors just rub your hand
like this putting your face putting your
nose putting a year putting your mouth
all right cool done okay now throw my
son with the makeup last month at least
is the icing on the face now literally I
am icing alright you know what's good
for holidays and Christmas decorations
you see I have light bulbs of Pandi what
do you do with this stick it in your
face
okay you got poor hold books or ice
cream in your crib I guess make sure you
get all in there doesn't matter just mix
it all in your face
okay now you go now that good rubbing
with all the lipstick because you know
the more you blend it the more beautiful
you will become and eventually
eventually you'll become the most
dominant princess Santa Claus has ever
seen before
 okay now you got icing done you put
the decorations on your face so it
sticks on your face like this watch me
sick decorations on my face because it's
very shiny and it's really really
designed for hahaha okay sweet after you
get all these decorations on your face
next things next I have this beautiful
hat I got this from err 1898 there you
go how do I look do I look beautiful
would you love me do you love me
do I make your day look better look
better it looks great ha ha ha ok I have
these arm stockings in the ball first of
all who uses stockings these banks use
it for socks use different stocks look
at me Wow
uh-huh okay after you're done
accessorizing you got excess right some
more ha ha ha if you don't have anything
just improvise look at this beautiful
Christmas tree
what does it have likes I need this I
need this stupid Christmas tree I'm very
very light able do i light up your world
or is it just me and now that we're all
lit up I got this gingerbread house for
you guys ha ha ha it's very pretty
no the only pretty thing here is me so
you know what you gonna do you know I'm
gonna do with you I'm gonna put you on
my face as makeup another thing listen
learn did your pretty house for me buck
it's perfect do it
ha I'm the only pretty one here we have
one final step lets you have all those
guns you want to wrap yourself a gift
wrap put yourself a big bow get two
candy canes and you're done you are now
ready for the ultimate surprise
okay bye hello beautiful people thanks
for watching the video we hope you have
a really wonderful Christmas holiday
winter the behind the scenes video ok if
you want to go ahead alright I'm gonna
go okay no no like the back of it into
your head the other back
