what's up dudes
hey guys here are 51 useful facts about
life yes enjoy you breathe on average 5
million times a year that's more than
the world population did you know if you
boil coke and eat it it tastes like sour
burnt sugar 10% of the world is
left-handed 89% of the world is
right-handed coca-cola would be green if
it wasn't for the food coloring it takes
more calories to eat celery than it
gives you it is impossible to fight with
your butt closed a duck's quack doesn't
echo anywhere I wonder why aah aah a
human can't quack huh No one out of five
adults believe that there are aliens
hiding in this planet jellyfish have no
hearts or bones did you know in 10
minutes I will use the bathroom I am a
vampire I'm pretty sure you're a
werewolf No
no werewolf vampire I don't know I wake
up it is impossible impossible to sneeze
with your eyes open an average human
will sleep 10 hours a day if they're not
stressed human thigh bones are stronger
than concrete eye bones the elephant is
the only animal with five knees the word
almost is the longest word in the
English language in alphabetical order
the average person can hold their breath
for 30 seconds okay you're back you're
back you're back
okay okay okay I think it not okay right
Oh 30 seconds a giraffe can clean it's
here
with this time
and you
Oh Oh
planet Earth is the only planet not
named after a Greek god some frogs can
be frozen solid and then continue living
after they're thawed Wow
Christmas is the only holiday celebrated
on December 25th every year
donkeys kill more people than plane
crashes if your hand is bigger than your
face you can expect to have a shorter
life span really ha ha ha I'm sorry oh
I'm sorry
cats have over a hundred vocal cords
dogs only have 10 Oh Jack I only have
one did you know elephants cannot jump
there are two genders in the world male
and female your heart beats 100,000
times per day one pinkie is enough to
hold a board down even if someone is
trying to use both hands to keep it
upright you're not doing it right you're
not doing it or hate you can you drive
okay you hold like this and then you
like this I wrote that one for you
people kill more people than donkeys
kill people nutritious foods cost ten
times as much as junk food so if you
want to save a lot of money and keep
your piggy bank fat just more candy haha
yes yes and he can be had a broken heart
beats over a hundred thousand tears a
day twerking works out your gluteus
maximus
happiness primarily originates from the
left elbow candy makes you fat
you know it takes 60 seconds to reach
one minute did you know that blueberries
are actually purple so they're actually
purple berries cows produce this white
substance called milk four thousand
quarter pounders from McDonald's equals
one cow so yummy cow
did you know Native Americans used to
name your child after the first thing
they see when the child's born like
Sitting Bull or running water okay
pretend I'm born with a name equals rats
ready one cabinet whining Kevin know why
I don't cabinet oh yeah okay I don't
know why Sheila
I don't know why that was a song of
being I can approximately eat three
burritos in one hour a colony of bats
eat exactly approximately around 250,000
insects an hour you are born with 300
bones but by the time you're an adult
you only have 206 I don't know what he's
talking about
I still have 300 I might have an extra
one did you know getting the wind
knocked out of you can really interrupt
your breathing pattern what are you
injured or do you feel pain you can
distract your brain from that pain by
causing other pain what Oh see the most
efficient way to obtain revenge is my
misdirection oh okay bye sup dudes hey
guys thanks for watching video don't
forget subscribe pause on Twitter
everyone was sobbing I'll just naughty
we hope do you enjoy all these useful
facts because all of them are true
to say I'm serious I'll never believe a
billion and achieve because because your
life depends on you and you'd put on
your life to make what is worth your
life worth living for
with these 51 useful facts about life
okay bye
bye yeah see right so Matt I love you
okay
I'm sorry I was like next
