so recently Alex and I moved to Los
Angeles together it has been exactly 378
days since Roy and I became roommates
and things have gotten even more
annoying and things have been super
awesome I hate it he's the best I can't
stand this any longer
I hope our roommates forever let me
explain
he is so loud shut up I'm trying to get
my beauty sleep
top-up what are you doing what does it
look like jumping up and down the bed
like crazy do you have to be so loud I'm
trying to give my body the attention it
deserves well can you just keep it down
yeah okay yeah okay okay all right Thank
You Roy love surprises
Oh
what are you doing
what is the freedom oh my chicken Oh
would you like some 900 k you thank you
just get a little bit that's it that's
all I want always hi no Alexander is
always late to everything okay I'll see
you at the frozen brahs party at 8:00
all right what the grows and draws party
it oh yeah you better didn't eat don't
forget your bra okay okay okay better be
there seriously okay where were you what
where were you I'm ready let's go
I said be there at eight o'clock
post-meridian Oh post I play is it anti
meridian
what come on you know this Manas whoa
the club he is so funny what's up Julie
hey guys welcome to another episode of
us all you guys today we're going some
crazier boy
are you tired now we never post whoa hey
okay man we're here okay be cool be cool
oh yeah I've got this yes kick
alex is the worst cook ever how you turn
this cooking machine on that guy gives
the best advice oh you just turn the
knob and then the fire should just come
on okay I got and you said I can't cook
oh boy is the best roommate I'll exist
the weirdest roommate I've ever had and
the nicest loudest coolest annoy most
awesomest obnoxious person to be around
with I'm so lucky to have a friend like
him but wouldn't change a thing
but he's still losing I heard that you
want a piece of this calm down for Roy
you're so crazy okay bye sup dudes hey
guys thanks for watching the video don't
forget subscribe follow us on Twitter
edward wasabi alex a sunny mm-hmm check
out our new richard store there this
trip from question below birds in a
siscon slash wasabi
all right cool new video be wasabi
Wednesday's have you intimate and the
next one is on Friday so whatever fun in
two days right
what's that wait what's afraid it's
wasabi vlogger Oh a second channel so he
likes every Monday Friday go check it
out with go ready guys ready set go okay
