everybody hey today we're gonna be doing
another two lies and one truth this time
we're gonna talk about songs and the
moment we first listen to that specific
song yes so same thing two eyes one
truth three statements he's gonna tell
if I'm lying or which other truth and
same thing let's go okay this is for the
song call me maybe
okay Carly Rae Jepsen you guys know the
song the first time I listened to this
song was in the shower I came on the
radio I was like or is it when we went
to a road trip in Florida we heard on
the radio like or is it when I was in
class one day hello Richard I'm in class
I can't talk right now
I remember this one of course I were so
this is that road go to Florida and I
live in Florida this was that song over
and over and over over okay I got you
this is for trouble tennis whit okay my
ex-girlfriend sent me that song when it
came out I have always known you were
difficult the first time I ever heard it
was when we made the parody of it
for the first time I heard it was when
my girlfriend broke up with me with this
song I have no I ain't you so much they
just give me the girl or the girl so I
go with the girl which one don't whine
where she said she showed you this long
then where should we go
wait yes all right my next song is
Vanessa Carlton's 1000 last classic
guitar because the first time I listen
to it was when I was watching white
sheiks tell you what is before wasabi I
used to make videos and I made a parody
to this song when a pound a pound I'm
dancing sample Brown a pound and I got
long hair and last one is my little
cousin came over and play the piano is
like your cousin yeah what makes you
beautiful Biak one direction I sent this
song to my girlfriend when we first
started dating
oh you packed enough I heard it on a
television commercial do you feel hungry
sad have you ever paid a unicorn uh-huh
do you believe in Santa Claus sometimes
when you're by yourself do you do this
and then see what smells like and text
your friends about it
on Mondays well I just want you to know
it's okay this is the commercial and I
know you love it - I love it because
we love it three and my last son my
sister was blasting it in her room I am
I'm gonna have to go the girl again but
son the girlfriend girlfriend no I just
one is a let go let go first one I
watched frozen over and over and over
and over again
yo god no or was it when you kept
singing it because I didn't watch it
over and over or I was in a grocery
store and I heard it on the radio
okay there's me are you sure I don't
need some tantastic so hey sure yeah
dude so what's the score to 2-1 yeah it
still too much baby by who Stein Bieber
ready this song I sang my little cousin
to sleep or
or it wasn't about his card and when I
gave it to my girlfriend genius Dan this
is toughy what you got I'll go for the
girl one all right yes yeah stop making
these patterns so easy to figure out
hi this is Miley Cyrus's wrecking ball
first first I was at the gym and I heard
it on the gym project I used wrecking
ball for the audio
I was on a stoplight a red light mm-hmm
I looked over and I saw a baby bobbing
his head
let me get this again let me guess again
if the kill project no score it's out
three two one
okay let's make this interesting this is
for rude Oh rude this is real rude rude
I first heard it when I was driving home
from Chipotle I was driving home from
Chipotle yes yeah I was like dude just a
bottle I just picked it because it was
the best one out of the theory it's the
most peace you read my answer any
dressers then we always win you beating
you both horses games and you beat me in
the first two lads of truth and now you
give me the second two lies are the
truth
whoa maybe we have to make more okay
bang hey guys thanks for watching the
video don't forget to subscribe follow
us on Twitter for behind the scenes
stuff and info and everything at Bravo
Xabi and axis na'vi also instagram where
they
and by everything do it do it okay bye
do you like this and smell it when you
buy yourself do you do this sometimes
and see what smells like do this and see
what it smells like
