I dare you to watch this entire video I
dare you to watch this entire video no
pausing no skipping ahead no closing
this tab and opening a new one and then
letting this video play in the
background
no scrolling down to the comment box I
dare you to watch this simple three
minutes Internet video I know what
you're thinking who's this beautiful
girl talking to me right now today's
your lucky day because it's Rolanda hey
I know what you're thinking my beauty is
too much for you or maybe you can't
handle my beauty it's okay go for it
close the video because once you close
it you have failed you're gonna live the
whole life the whole rest of your life
knowing that you cannot even watch this
single simple video did you get that ha
ha ha it's okay
I also know what you're thinking you're
thinking you're thinking something is
good happen you're thinking something
Crazy's guy what is that
what is that okay other than that crazy
thing
nothing crazy is gonna happen in this
video because you know why because I am
under control I control this video well
it's been like a minute and 30 seconds
by this time the Sun is orbited the
earth twice by this time Starbucks has
misspelled probably like a thousand
different names by this time ten
thousand boogers have been picked and
half of them have been eaten guess what
I have to tell you something very
important
you
ten seconds wasted you think the video
pause right it didn't I paused your life
that's what happened haha Oh a
reflection hi nice to meet you my name
is Miranda you're sexy my reflection is
beautiful I dare you to dig your friends
to watch this video because they will
not stand as long as you have well they
are well I think this video stupid
because they like look at me oh I'm the
best person ever
guess what I am the best person ever I'm
the perfect I am the perfect I applaud
you for making it this far in the video
now you only have a couple seconds left
you have either won or lost depending on
what you want to think how are you gonna
live your life are you gonna go out
there and live your normal life or are
you gonna be extraordinary I dare you to
dare yourself Oh what is that what is
that seriously what is that I don't even
know I'm done I'm done
oh my god Oh okay bye
