logan purposely got that mustache
meaning he cut his face to look like me
what it is would it be what it do duh
excuse me sir you ready to go whoa
let's go what are you doing hurry up
there you go poop no hay proven no hey
poop all right now is it time for my
stache and Paul have enlisted hey you
he's not the first one to ever have a
mustache first task of the day as you
know I've got my parents a house um I
brought you guys here because I wanted
to repeat you repay you for the life you
gave us for the love you put in our
hearts and just show you how much you
need to be I got you guys a little
something and in that house they need it
places to sit
they need the furniture so furnitures
coming in January but there's also a one
more thing there is a second garage that
has nothing in it right yeah
what does it need it needs a gym
equipment cuz you're gonna get strong
boy let me see their muscles Oh buddy oh
okay okay I didn't see anything but
we're gonna work on it
we have done it the equipment is on the
way next time I come back to visit my
family they are gonna have a fully
functioning dope dope gym in their
second garage and my whole family about
to get fit right Andrew yeah you're
gonna have miscues yeah all right and
now to fulfill another promise I made
recently somebody want to choose some of
that good good for sure when I was in
high school all I wore or vans I wore a
bunch of different types of vans it was
the only shoe of rock because it was on
that dope dope and now it's your turn my
boy okay Andrew we've narrowed it down
to three possible foot attire candidates
which one you feeling boy
okay okay okay well you got the high top
this is the classic this one everybody
needs so you got the more athletic one
for you know your athletic needs if you
have to have to run from anything and
then you got the classic sleek looking
good good over here which one you like
best think about it think about it well
you're getting all three my boy let's go
there you go so you got options you
thought you don't want to look good for
the ladies I want to look good for the
ladies ladies
did you just get and you think you're
the only one with shoes you think you're
the only one parachute
about to parachute about 305 parachute
let's do a family shoe dance I'm gonna
take a nap so while I'm doing that here
is a long overdue
wasabi kitchen
don't overdo with sahabi
kitchen it's been a while but as always
I need my boy mr. Josh cuz I don't know
how to cook Josh let's cook I'm excited
but yeah
tell me first of all happy holidays oh
yeah Happy Hanukkah Hanukkah Kwanzaa and
all the other things that I love today
we're making something for Christmas
yeah so we're gonna take cookie cutters
okay we're gonna make Christmas tree
pretzels Christmas tree pretzels yeah
that's it with salted caramel oh that's
more likely right so we're gonna cheat a
little bit and instead of making a cut
so dough from scratch we're gonna use
pre-made pizza dough and we're gonna
apply it
oh no working it's not working
let's sucker into I got thin kinda like
a sheet happen this bit on that then
that one that fencing all the weapons
aren't that easy to use and you don't
want to use that as you
look at that look at dad right other
than that if we pulled it you hold one
Oh teamwork teamwork teamwork makes the
dream roll the dough dough cut roll it
down okay
are we done we're gonna cut as many
Christmas trees as we can get okay what
done nice now we're gonna bring it over
to the stove okay and we're gonna boil
it Oh
I mean you tell me this is this is my
favorite particle stomping kitchen right
now which one is which one of those
there is this one this one is there yes
hey you know this diagram er you don't
know this diagram you don't know you
don't know me bro all you gonna do is
this and then I was gonna do it Josh you
know what makes this turn into pretzels
I had a baking soda to the water oh wow
that's one we're going to take these
caramels huh even we're gonna take four
of these bad boys ooh
are they bad they are bad boys we're
gonna squish them together like that I
take this aluminum foil just put it on
top go punch it that's gonna hurt nice
working out you sure you don't have any
aluminum foil because eating aluminum
foil is probably not different
there's only one way to find out so now
we have our smaller cookie cutter okay
Christmas tree caramel
you know I designed this recipe for the
excess promisee caramel ball and then
roll out the entire letter now that's
using your head while I'm doing this
- won't let you guys know that the goofy
and moose sweaters are almost gone
forever
we're not restocking them at DOCSIS ah
be calm so if you want yours go get it
now before they make it a black box
complete whoa
so all put you pressed oh I'm the
pressure when you press before haven't
you yeah yeah it work that works okay
here we go ready go 5 4 3 2 1 3 2
wow I like science it's going on here oh
yeah oh oh yeah making some Christmas -
desserts maybe some Christmas desserts
yeah
by Christmas I think they look pretty
good there pretty pretzel like right
yeah they definitely smell like pretzels
yep yep the tots all right feelings
aren't like right in the middle okay
then essentially the residual heat
should start melting the permanent right
hopefully it'll only work with those
lobbying the bleed come on Christmas
cheese melt you know how we can make
this work faster filling back in on it
or if we sit on them like chickens on
eggs that's a really good idea but then
we're gonna have to eat a satellite
Christmas press the trees okay we'll
make that hey Josh hey Alex do you have
a middle name I do it starts with an M
and helping us make salted caramel
Kristen Street pretzels
whoa check out my boy Josh D Josh okay
now let's move on with the blog oh my
stomach
Andrew We Need to Talk I know that you
like my mustache I can tell but you keep
saying you don't and you keep saying
Logan Paul had the same mustache which
he did it let me explain something real
quick hold up whoa purposely got that
mustache meaning he shaved his beard and
he shaved everything in order to rock
the stache the difference being this is
all I can grow I haven't shaved anything
this is just all I got and he cut his
face to look like me so get it straight
now tell me why you're pretending is not
like my mustache okay wait let me get
this straight so you're saying you do
like my mustache but you just got your
first
- and you're scared to shave and that's
why you want me to shave mine so I can
show you how to do it
Oh so whispering in my ear and then me
saying out loud defeats the purpose of
you you whispering that makes sense
all right since you're my little brother
I will shave my mustache even though I
don't want to I'll do it for you why
smell like poop in here how about we
don't worry about that they might have
been in here a little bit earlier you
gotta focus focus on this be nervous
yeah first times you been yeah after
first time shaving you have to become
one with the razor so you have to name
your razor so that you guys are you guys
are friends
do we got any here is Steve Steve it's a
good name I'm gonna name my Pedro okay
Pedro Steve you ready here we go
okay here's a way man so mix really nice
and you can put it on your face and you
can either shape drags okay now what I
like to do is I like to get to the razor
wet so he knows what's about to happen
so to put Steve under the water a little
bit all right Pedro Steve where did it
go like to put your turn ready go down
don't let up you gotta fuck me skip okay
but do it well you have hair on your lip
okay good
it makes sound okay stay don't move
don't laugh and done Wow if you go do a
little bit this way come here let me
tell your face Wow
we look 15 years younger
I'll make you 0 years old you happy now
yeah can I grow my mustache back in the
block talk the second half of the 500
pound present I got for my little
brother's 15th birthday has arrived but
there's a problem
this is an outside present and I just
found out that there's a hundred percent
chance of rain all day tomorrow so gonna
have to wait another day sorry bout it
is so Friday's vlog is when you will
finally find out what it is would it be
what I do double mm-hmm oh and you guys
are about to find out what I got my
parents for Christmas this is the
absolute number one present any kid can
get their parents and I got it it's not
the cars it's not the house it's not
that anything I've gotten before cuz
nothing tops what day about to get for
sure so you're not gonna want to miss
the video that's coming out on Christmas
did lots of stuff going down in the end
of 2017 that's all I got for you guys a
date see you tomorrow and until then do
me a favor don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
okay bye
