can I help you okay I know there's a big
pimple on my face so big I know
don't worry Roy I know just how to help
get rid of that thing you do yeah follow
me
bring your pimple Roy I don't know how
to beat your zit is to beat your zip up
your game I don't understand fast Oh Roy
we can't beat that thing with that kind
of mentality you got to up your game
back you're seriously not making any
sense exact warm-up done let's get
started check
this is so stupid you try something else
like what three two one
watch closely sorry
checkmate
we just started
bow down for I am the champion of
everything this is so stupid how is this
gonna help me at oh come on Roy I got
more games you're bound to win one
thanks but no thanks yeah but how are
you gonna get rid of eight I'll figure
something out you know I'll just I'll
just see you tomorrow come on Roy
you
it's almost gone hey think fast oh
that's what I'm talking about Hawaii
have the same sure you were yesterday
what's wrong with my shirt this is my
favorite shirt
whatever thank back up your game fast
watch closely
all day
checkmate
what checkmate but I can just I said
checkmate
ah
girl run by
yeah
Wow now who's the champion okay you're
the champion blah blah blah what what Oh
what is that
don't worry I know how to help get rid
of that man oh okay bye hey guys thanks
for watching the video we had a lot of
fun making it
we hope you liked it big days to
Clearasil for teaming up with us and
helping us do this video follow us on
twitter algae's hobby Roy with savvy
Instagram I'll just lobby Roy babyhood
yeah yeah yeah yeah and don't forget
subscribe a new video every hashtag
wasabi Wednesday mm-hmm okay bye
