hi welcome to another episode of makeup
with black ah it's that kind of year
again summer you gotta look hot
you want all the dudes and all the girls
to be impressed by your looks so I have
the perfect solution for you let's do it
okay what we want to start off with is
blue eyeline pencil and bread hey smash
we got the summer atmosphere going on
alright let's get started
okay what you want to do first is put
your blue pencil eyeliner on your left
eye and then your right because you have
two eyes stop and then make sure you
emphasize your eyes because guys love
girls with blue blue blue blue I see
okay maybe just a little more blue just
a little more and what hahaha
once you're done with that you want to
apply the red makeup mask and then put
it on your right cheek first because
right it's always right get it ah okay
then if you get tired and lazy you just
put it all on you just like that and
maybe your nose because guys like girls
who look like Rudolph the red-nosed
reindeer and then honestly just put it
everywhere
doesn't matter see Oh bubbles I want you
and I want to lick you to make sure use
that same ingredient for your lips guys
love it don't question it just do it all
right now you want to add more line for
your eyes double area because all the
dudes love it they're gonna be like oh
my gosh when they see you at the beach
they're like wow you have some nice
pretty eyes and then you'd be like I
know please apply to make up on your
left eye and on your right eye doesn't
matter just go crazy with that because
guys love crazy girls okay if you're out
in the beach and then water gets in your
eyes or like these masse bubbles all you
need to do
let's get these awesome pink goggles and
just put it on your face like this and
all of a sudden they will all disappear
see okay
mixed bangs max you want to make your
hair look precious
so what I have is butter all you gotta
do is put butter in here like this and
then it's going to make it super easy
and awesome is it working is it working
of course it's working yeah I did it up
okay a little tint
when you go to the beach and you see a
lot of hot guys just be like dude you're
super rich and this is my nigga video
first of all you're not even summery and
you need to be summery enough to be in
this video so get out Richard I thank
you while you're at the beach you want
these little precious things for some
reason whatever dicey girls with these
floaties feel like whoa that girl is so
hot
I wanna float with her you get it
because you're gonna float to love okay
awesome how I look
goes hey check it out one final tip for
safety make sure you have this beautiful
creature put it on you and the guys will
be like wow it's so hot let me float on
your tube post pictures yes yes good
yeah yes yes this is my last step of my
tutorial you were look beautiful every
day you have to apply this special
ingredient every day haha I bring you
SPF 950 sunscreen sunblock all you gotta
do is put it right here so you don't get
sunburned and I put it right here so you
sunburn as well so the more basically I
just want to let you know the more you
put it on the safer you'll be
and the more protecting you'll become
okay once again you have to use Rolanda
sunscreen sunblock SPF 9 line 9 lotion
you gotta put it everywhere because if
you don't put it anywhere it's not gonna
work
once again if you don't put it anywhere
it's not gonna work oh God
once again put it anywhere hahahaha and
there you have it that's last thing I
guess you're qualified it's um Wow what
is Glink richer you look sexy oh whoa in
my book you're qualified Wow overtime
Wow okay you want to go to the beast and
help me look for cute guys oh you guys
oh hi thanks for watching the video
don't forget to subscribe
aren't we so sexy Oh balls I'm good at
right Asami oh really you got me
Wednesday I'm okay
yes oh wow
