hello everybody hey guys today we're
gonna show you some awesome food buyback
that everyone should know let's do this
okay food hack number one this one's
easy
you take the popsicle out put a hole in
the cup place the popsicle in the cup
and no juice in your hands now we have
the proper way to eat a cupcake
people eat a cupcake like this no no no
that's not how you do it what you want
to do is get a knife slice its leg off
and then once you get the leg off you
want to put the leg on the head of the
cupcake like that now you have a cupcake
sandwich to make the perfect peanut
butter jelly sandwich you want to apply
the peanut butter around one slice of
the bread like that to make a hole in
the middle and then you just do the same
thing for the other bread to make two
holes in the middle and then you put the
jelly right in the middle of the middle
like that mmm right in the middle oh
yeah and then you just put the two
slices together and then where you have
the perfect peanut butter jelly sandwich
okay next this is the best way to
preserve your cookies to perfectly
preserve your cookies put a slice of
bread on top and smack it around to make
sure the preservatives stay with the
cookies there you go after ten minutes
you can always come back peel it and
it's perfectly fresh like how you
imagined it to be people think you're
supposed to open a banana like this that
is so wrong
this is the real way to open a banana
some people think you should peel the
banana but the most efficient way is
just to bite it in the middle yummy
don't you hate it when you're trying to
make a sandwich and you just can't get
that jar open those pesky jars giving
you problems here's a good idea wait for
it
let's go check how it turned out come on
ooh perfect this is the most convenient
way to make chocolate milk to make the
perfect chocolate milk you want to put
the milk in the cup and then put the
syrups Ike put it in your mouth and then
let it sit there for a bit and then put
the milk in your mouth and then gargle
darker color girl swirl swirl swirl
gargle gargle spit and then after that
you have the perfect chocolate milk
here's the quickest and most efficient
way to crack an egg some people think
you should crack the eggs on the pan but
violence is never the answer
just put them in your mouth and crunch
away water your teeth for anyways speed
round 1 & 2 & 3 delish
do you get mad at yourself for not
making the perfect toasted sandwich to
make the perfect toasted sandwich first
put the toast in the toaster and then
the cheese and then the lettuce so
healthy and then the meat if you're
vegetarian you can skip this step after
that just smack it in there it's
negative that keeps maggot in there and
then put the lever down wait wow it's a
perfect that was good sandwich mmm let
me eat everything want to save your
snack for later this is how you do it
properly oh it's a piece of pizza hmm Oh
actually I'm not really hungry I'll just
save it for later all right
smack smack smack okay bye here's the
perfect way to keep your icy deserts icy
cold oh look at the little ice cream
it's so cute mmm I'm gonna save the rest
for later
haha don't forget the ice don't you hate
it when you get delicious desserts like
cookies and your friends keep eating
them we'll show you how to
keep them protected and away from people
oh I got the little baby cookie oh we
had to protect the baby cookie just put
a cupcake on top and no one will see it
where'd you go baby cookie where'd you
go that is all for today everyone thanks
for watching stay tuned for more of that
tax in the future ok banks in the video
don't forget subscribe I was on Twitter
everybody with sabe alec society video
every Wednesday on hashtag besides I'm
gonna take a life back to the shower
