today we're gonna do with the helium
challenge number two we didn't do it
enough last time so we're gonna do a lot
more this time with that
good okay do not try this at home it's
really really really hi everyone my name
is you are such a criminai do that I get
to a mom I'm gonna tell your mom I'm
gonna be like excuse me miss Alex's mom
alex is bad my mother's speak English so
she's not gonna stand you I'll be like
nope she doesn't speak that either I
don't know it's like I wish no I'll be
like I'm not gonna smack your mom yeah
like yeah yeah okay I will never do that
my arrest you if you still want to smack
my mom me I'm arrested for stealin
everyone I've already already arrested
you catch me back where's my customer
you're in jail now what in handcuffs on
em easy
you forgot to say your Miranda rights oh
I cannot go to jail and go to jail
yea-ah
you usually remember the rights I know
all of them dope go ahead
oh yeah the right to have fun and you
have the right to uh huh
get groceries do your let them around
the red ah yeah what is it they're not
Rebecca's right stop you're under arrest
for being weird
hang on your friend now so I can put
this on you so much easier good cop
you have the right to remain silent and
whatever you say or do will be under the
courtesy of the law and whatever you say
you do you will have an attorney or I
don't know I think it might lead but
it's cool smarty let go oh here we are
chilling me balloons here flying I got
helium is the only thing that's flying
toward the sky
okay okay okay
mr. teacher okay try again fine
noise not fun do they have bananas no
cut the fritters are allergic to bananas
that is they will haha
do they have pink lands with their head
okay what do caterpillars eat they eat
just played or that's what they do
that's what they eat you can like yeah
nothing like that ba laughs this is
nothing women they eat fit in um the
Penguins are the natural-born enemies
and I mean oh the guy everyone is
supposed to be friends in the world
you guys are you big teacher hello mr.
class hi my name is mr. teacher today
we're gonna learn about physics okay are
you gonna know is whatever comes out
comes there are you know and then and
then whatever comes down stays down it
doesn't go well for anything unless the
boom and and then after that we go to
the recess and then play in the
playground and and then let the swings
come up now where you go like down
physics ha ha hey guys so that's the end
of the videos thank you for coming back
into the adventure of Union boys helium
Voice and
yeah don't try this at home it's bad for
you mm-hmm
just doing a flyweight okay don't of it
I likes a soggy your video heavy excuse
me can you please help me I've been
traveling for days I need weii food
something for me to eat I'm so about to
diarrhea I have nothing for you my
friend
all I have is wisdom my withum is go to
the 7-eleven is around the corner you go
down to grid
