why do you have a wedding ring okay I'll
tell you right now you ready yeah okay
it's embarrassing goodbye imagine you
did your job well you made memories and
you made lives good times on to the next
adventure I'm back
happy birthday what whose birthday is it
grandpa and who to to have a birthday 15
euros oh my gosh so old you ready for a
girlfriend now oh not yet next year how
old you gotta be when you get a
girlfriend what oh my gosh don't worry
you feel that way now but when you find
the right girl then you'll be ready but
20 is a long time away did you do your
push-up Paul's going what we talked
about this with the wake up and do
push-ups everyday okay you can do it
every day
even when I'm not here now I said it now
you gotta do it where's dad where is he
tell me the truth what where have you
been did you hide him where is where
show me show me hurry no running in the
house walk fast faster but don't run hey
you better keep it you said he was in
here okay we'll go find everybody wait
don't run only walk faster hey happy
birthday
what are we doing okay to the play gonna
go to a play bro yeah what do you want
free birthday though
your shoes yeah okay you don't have any
what kind of shoes you want oh I'm gonna
get you some good shoes don't worry
about it after this play it's shoe time
yeah say it's shoe time
what hey what hey Dad Showtime Showtime
in that Showtime It's Showtime It's
Showtime you're gonna introduce me to
your friend who's that
what Oh what's his name what's she here
for to watching us to watch us for what
why is she watching us it's same tags
that Santa's friend Oh Santa's elf it's
kind of creepy why should watch another
eight her is oh she got tell Santa if
we're being bad have you been bad you've
been good can I throw her can I touch
her wait why can't I touch her what has
to get in the shoe did you put her in
the show no she flies what I see what oh
okay why Malloy yo synthesis okay just
she was she wants to go to the play I
already got her a ticket okay she was
the play elves love plays everybody
knows that okay fine I'm not gonna touch
snowflake Andrew are you ready for the
play of a lifetime look at this set into
the woods Youth play are you gonna be
the next one yeah buddy
I feel like I'm about to feel a lot of
emotions I'm gonna cry I'm gonna laugh
it's gonna be great you ready for the
play whatever wedding a wedding ring
yeah what it's not a wedding ring we
talked about uh let's talk about it I
think the plays about to start
okay Andrew did that inspire to become
an actor I've been inspired you've
inspired yeah let me see inspired face
Andrew I have some bad news
I can't get your shoes today because the
mall is closed but I can get your shoes
tomorrow and I have a surprise for you
as well it's in the garage you didn't
even know about it what what ring hey
let me alone I've got to explain myself
to you
what what happened whoa how that
happened what her flies what I'm gonna
go p-- rebec she moved all our cells
what way over the blog okay we got gifts
we got cake we got balloons and we have
a sister and we got a mom happy birthday
oh you ready um um well this
hurry before starts to melt mom what you
know
- you happy birthday
what - pickle
all right you like it you like you
underway
and are you ready for my present yeah
tomorrow they're just gorgeous where's
snowflake I can I'm already up here and
there's nothing you don't have to get
you don't have to get up you don't have
to do this I think she is she went home
yeah she's not here oh she's brushing
her teeth
what did she did snowflake do that what
she made a big mess oh how do I know it
wasn't you you did it didn't you yeah
you did princess gorgeous why'd you make
a mess sniffly did it oh my gosh dad
stuff like I'm gonna throw her away okay
fine right now okay bro you ready to see
your present yeah you ready yeah you
ready yeah let me see your I'm ready
face you ready wait wait wait wait wait
wait stay stay okay here's your present
come come come come come come come come
come and feast your eyes Wow whoa what
is why it's your birthday present no no
there's one more thing coming in the
mail but when it gets here then you can
open it I didn't know that you needed
something for it until we got it and
then I looked at it and I was like wait
what where's the thing that goes with it
right it gets here on Wednesday so that
you can find out Wednesday and they will
find out on Thursday go try to pick it
up try pick it up buddy go don't hurt
yourself cue push it go go okay you're
not gonna move it you know why because
it's 500 pounds what why do you have a
wedding ring oh okay I'll tell you right
now are you ready yeah okay
the bear thing hold this this is my left
hand and I have a ring on my left finger
cuz it's the only one it'll fit on you
know where it usually fits on this ring
finger but guess what I got a fat finger
and it's embarrassing okay you know how
I got fat what because I was instead of
basketball I lost in a basketball game
and now I won't fit what's this it's
usually on this finger but guess what
it's too swollen if fat because of my
tragic and game loss look at this look
at all the extra skin over the knuckle
and this is where it's been for years
are you happy now now you know why I'm
married I'm married okay now I got a
question for you do you have a mustache
no I love it oh you know what's this boy
I think we have the same amount of
mustache oh my gosh we got this okay let
me see here
oh no I got better mustache buddy hey
yeah
yeah huh what lies no you don't it's
good yeah no I don't know I don't want
to see the what that's all I got for you
guys today thanks for coming through for
another family vlog adventure Thursday
is the reveal of Andrews epic 500-pound
presents I gotta go get my dad's present
hey you gonna be coming along for the
ride the whole way today is the 18th
Lauren doesn't get here to the 27th that
means this little face caterpillar can
stay for a little while longer
what I'm not trying to look look all
scruffy for Santa so I'm gonna keep it
until the 24th Oh six more days I'm
gonna have a full beard buy them see you
guys tomorrow as always until then do me
a favor do not bull get the whip member
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye
