hi everyone
hey guys today we're going to do two
lies and a truth so we basically have
three things like three statements and
two of them are lies and one of them is
the truth our goal is to figure out
which one is the truth okay here we go
okay a bird pooped on my head while I
was eating a sandwich outside second one
lie I'm just gonna go ahead
my dog peed on my leg but I was eating a
donut back to my parents house I pooped
in the woods and used my soccer shorts
as toilet paper I tooth the last one is
true that's a truth uh-huh I feel like
you would do that that's how do you
agree yes you're right it was like a
bathroom in the world no this was like
two years ago it was like a basketball
court outside and there was no bathroom
you know I really had to go so I was
like ah I went to the woods I was like
crap I'm not gonna wipe with weight to
the ones yeah I didn't have anything to
ever whip so I'll use my shorts on okay
oh crap leave them I do it would Oh
imagine ready I fell out of a tree and
broke my arm on a little I failed fourth
grade my first kiss where the girl was
in kindergarten
the last name Oh crab who threw this Joe
yeah I was like in kindergarten and
there's this girl that skip preschool I
was like what's get skip preschool was
not even real great and she was the
coolest girl in school
and she kissed me she kissed you yeah
she did
okay when I was in the Philippines when
I was eight mm-hmm I saw like a random
poop was floating right there in the
beach when I was swimming uh-huh
back in middle school um the cafeteria
had like expired milk that they gave
everyone so everyone ended up getting
explosive diarrhea so when I had
explosive diarrhea
I took my TV and put it in the bathroom
in my xbox and put in the bathroom and I
play games in the bathroom while I was
pooping okay during dinner one time I
tried to be funny I was like hey hey mom
I tried for tea but it was actually poop
ha ha ha ha oh sorry
I think cucas Denton nope ah Philippines
yes that was floating poop in the
Philippines so what were you doing
probably I feel I was little boy I just
remember something that's not like this
poop isn't going like that yeah I have
been playing organized basketball since
I was 16 I cried for the first time when
I would watched The Lion King this is
for my five
ah
I put my pants and jumped in a pond
because I had nowhere else to go
she has to be the last one or the first
one last one
no I was like well okay so I was with my
girlfriend and her brother and we're at
their house and I was like midnight and
we're just playing in the yard doing
something it was like two years ago and
I look like a lost puppy our pet oh yeah
haha I had to uh I put my pants on
accident and they're like what's wrong
and I didn't say anything I just
sprinted to the pond and jumped in and
I'm there dog followed me around while I
was like trying yeah hi so you're the
dog smell like yeah the dog with all of
it that wow those girls when I was four
years old I almost drowned because I was
riding my bike and I guess I lost track
of like the the pathway and I went
downhill into the pond my senior year at
high school I got a zero on my
psychology AP exam because they thought
I was cheating
Oh back in elementary school this side
this kid he just wouldn't stop mess with
me
and he just kept calling me big years
big years and I thought you went you
gotta fight huh what happen
ah yeah yeah I don't want to miss I
don't know um which one's the real one
the psyche one no crap huh is it the
bike one yes ah oh I gotta fight against
two guys one time oh I have seen every
Star Wars movie and I can do 30 pull-ups
without sounding this is the heart
Monday I say hey the last one thankful
that's funny nah I gotta do that I can
do that
I was gonna say 39 for them for like 31
like only 30 I wouldn't have had a truth
like you ready this one yeah I get this
one okay I know you got all the recipe
now can get this one
okay okay when I was in frozen in my
younger years
hmm I throw an apple in the pond and hit
it up I one time accidentally slapped a
baby and I was a Spelling Bee champion
in third grade
come on hey your word is wasabi um can't
use a sentence
what's a D okay wasabi w a s s Ronda I
only have to go is the baby that the
truth no I never sucked a baby what
about it was an accident I know he is
oh sorry maybe they walking something
like I was smelling me champion very
good all I was in a bilingual school - I
knew I was an English words when I was
little I used to be addicted to those
chocolate ice-cream bars oh this is so
good
I've never seen Titanic what is
so-called no Jack my dog right now I
have a big dog right now
his name is Zeus giving one time and he
bit me too
okay good oh okay okay okay okay
I believe the ice cream one what's the
truth
I feel like it cuz you really do like
those ice cream sandwiches the last one
Houston is great or whatever you're just
sitting there and I was like hey human
and I made the mistake of like sticking
my head in there yeah you like bit my
head oh my god that's so weird
okay bye hey guys thanks for watching
the video don't forget to subscribe
follow us on Twitter or wasabi alex
wasabi if you guys have been wondering
what we've been eating this whole video
we have this pretty little thing right
here from naturebox Oh
so we've been really addicted to these
things yes there was actually six bags
very 8 to 5 major box entities and we
just are just killing it I bet all the
time it's like that time of year summer
time so this is like a really good like
diet food if you're looking for the body
they got honey macadamia pretzel pops in
them all day I got my South Pacific
plantains right here
they had my favorite was the blueberry
Ã¶hlins but it almost this is my other
bears sriracha roasted cashews like Oh
buddy and if you go to nature box bit
cold boom you look cool naturebox bum
slash what sobbing it costs all day you
can get half off on your first bite mmm
mm-hmm so check that out if you wish to
do it do we get helpful
we buy it thanks AVI I think so oh here
we go get in the box
what that's it aah aah
