no I'm busy boy
I said no let's do something fun I'm
trying to learn to draw huh hey stop
fighting back there
he started it so if your brother jumped
off a bridge would you jump too yes
no can I bring your parachute no no
parachute no water and it's a very high
bridge hmm easy whoa of course he's my
best friend
oh don't make me turn this car around
hey you said you cleaned your rooms I
just checked go clean your room I'm
gonna count to three one two three you
can't dodge a bullet what that day they
you hear that when you're sleeping I
know you're awake go to sleep I'm
reading the newspaper why to learn about
the world to eat why because it's good
for you no because ice cream shouldn't
be the first thing you eat when you wake
up no more questions go to timeout
what's your favorite color no more
questions or you can go to timeout too
while this consulate and I allergic to
anything that's okay five hello hope you
enjoyed the video don't forget to
subscribe follow us on Twitter an extra
sabi and paralyze IV new video so every
Wednesday on what's our main weight
hashtag wasabi Wednesday and yeah
special thanks to our dad and my little
brother yeah I don't know okay okay
