hey guys hey today we're gonna do
madness man rube you guys don't know
what that is basically we're gonna it's
like a story type of thing we fill in
the blanks he'll challenge yeah
adverbs uh-huh I juice yep give me a
plural noun
um armpits armpits are gonna give me a
noun noun Jer
give me an adjective chubby okay now dog
silly dirty part of the body plural
phalanges eucalyptus strongly red mmm
that's I'm talking about all day
Chipmunks shoes shoes shoes Oh garbage
bag what's audience party part out party
Ezz party like that celebrity Michael
Alvarado from us the Du Bois Oh toilet
paper stood a square wheel skew it a
square wheel square wheel like a circle
wheel and square wheels for your wheel
yeah not a square wheel stinky koku
painful building bicycles branch bucket
aloevera happy clouds I'm Roy Oh Alex
Rick gobbles hash browns leaf angrily
and grant Billy celery shy all right all
done well what's the title of your story
mine is called what's up mister kitchen
man okay here's mine okay okay
inspectors from the state department of
health and armpits I came here today to
inspect the chubby kitchen and to make
sure that our silly cooks were washing
their phalanges before preparing our
stronger yours is very important and
that there were no little Chipmunks or
shoes running around in the kitchen and
spreading wasabi
they check the lunch prepared by our
dieticians
Michael Alvarado from busted ooh oh we
have spaghetti and square wheel balls on
Tuesdays we have boiled kuku with
Rocky's on Wednesdays we have a choice
of building soup or a branch omelet with
aloe vera sauce mmm it doesn't good the
inspector found a lot of clouds in the
salad and said there was too much Roy in
the milk ha ha ha hey in the future we
will have less McDonald's hashbrowns to
eat and more celery but I bet it will
taste shy the end then magic yeah okay
pareo Along Came love if a story begins
once upon a chair you know you're about
to read a fairy dog it is amazing how
these dirty stories remain an edible and
indelibly etched in our eucalyptus who
can forget snow red and the seven shoes
beauty and the garbage bag or little red
farting hood fairy tales introduce to us
oh it introduced us to the magical world
of wicked toilet paper tissue big stinky
wolves painful wizards and dwarves who
wore funny bicycles
these remarkable stories taught us that
the good always triumphs over the bucket
and made us believe in the happy power
of a kiss why not one good smack on the
armpit could change a frog into a
handsome Alex enabling him to marry the
leaf of the tree of his dreams and live
as is written in all these romantic
stories angrily ever Africa oh well dang
done good
Elvis good oh thanks for watching the
video everyone bye do another one
instead of us picking the words we can
let you pick the word hey have you ever
seen more videos like this go to
youtube.com slash just having vlogs all
of April we post a video almost every
day almost follow us on Twitter where
was Abby
Alex avi new video every Wednesday was
everyone there all day other in a skirt
Oh
okay okay bye oh one more sorry I was
distracted
