Hey hey guys what's up we're about to do
this challenge yeah I'm not really
excited for this is gonna be the most
painful gentle ooh what we're gonna do
is we're gonna get these times they're
filled with water with forks okay we're
gonna get in there and we have Alex's
brother Aaron yes he's gonna pour a
whole bunch of ice so let's think about
I'll see you guys name a longer all
right let's do this
I've seen this done before maybe we
should
Austrade we got sheriff yet no shirt no
sure we got rubber duckies do you don't
you're gonna die I'm gonna die no this
is no night a minute said not every day
to what don't bring it up okay I'm sorry
Oh Oh what is this nice feel it what do
you only fight egg by the time right
like a hot dog right up here so
apparently when we were putting more on
this one now he's got hot one and I got
the cold water this is my brother here
and he's gonna put ice in and um we're
gonna play rock your scissors to see who
gets the first bag let's finish these up
not favorite so let's go oh yeah I can't
go oh
save yourself for the bitch real quick
I can't hear I can't do anything for you
you started off in the warm-up hearing
it was a warm water high like you gotta
take that that's what the shampoo a good
Oh
okay have we should have seen know yours
is like 15 degrees harder and my mama do
such a switch yeah your mind is like
calm and heart the guy yours is like
Pakistan this I can do this thing easy
easy compromise
oh yeah sit down calm down and
understand please hahaha I can't Philip
eat already auction time good night
you have to go down yeah do it
wow that isn't so much colder yeah so
much colder whoever said sit down sit
down every critics like really bad just
stand up Oh what trees are so big I must
open it oh yeah that's like a 10 section
oh I'm not wait wait
I just wash it okay yes please oh my
goodness oh my god I'm gonna write it is
from the water line this is the water
line of where what squeezing my butt
looks like it's like little needles Wow
of the night okay wait okay okay oh yeah
what are you gonna do I love crazy my
husband is you're right in my face okay
bye hey thanks watch the video everybody
don't forget to subscribe follow us on
Twitter buying everything a true is that
me that's just something me new video
and USA on oh yeah something else I
pocket okay Tom seriously
look a rival cool
yeah
