okay here we are this is it we're here
we're here believe it I know what it is
would it be would it - no we're still at
the mansion it's still my boys bachelor
party and we still make a move but first
so the nature with a daytime montage
how's that attractive angle now you're
probably thinking to yourself Wow Alex
got his best friend a mansion for his
bachelor party that's really cool
that's probably all he did but now we
got one more big surprise and he's gonna
be so excited he's gonna like this next
friend even more than the mansion itself
I got to give a shout out to my boy
Carlos who hooked me up with this
surprise how we about to get it just
those words that yes the surprises
haven't ended yet I got one more little
it's a little surprise just follow me
just follow me
let's go go come on let's go let's go
don't worry about it come on come on
let's go Uber's here you're gonna like
it
keep going keep going there we go you
guys are not ready they don't know where
we're going don't tell them Erica you
know Erica it's our little secret okay
come on we're soul mates don't do this
to me
you're not ready
before we get to the destination I'm a
serious question should I grow this
message ah yes yeah no he doesn't like
if I grow it up all right
your driver okay here we are we're here
we're here believe it I know
we are here play
baby
let me see the face of how you think the
Charlotte Hornets the door right now
tell me with your face okay okay 13
point game ever tease doable
come on Kyrie let's go here we go
Enzo
here we go
hey 20 minute
now
32 seconds 91-92
please mister sir
we can tie it up right now the overtime
Zach I'm sorry the Hornets line bachelor
party
that's forgetting though now we got to
focus on the more important things
what's that should I leave my moustache
Lauren's not gonna like it you should
not you should i I'll text her just to
be safe so it's a good yeah it's a good
step
I'll see that's what I'm saying let me
text Lauren what do we get back I'll
text her on the train how did you how
did you know Jane wait
okay go honestly if you had this
mustache would you keep it don't lie
tell me the truth I think you just have
a lot of potential there it's like an
opportunity for you to grow the true
monster I think I'm on board with that
that's all right that's all I can do you
guys are saying I should keep it but if
you had this and that's all you can grow
would you grow it out you liar the next
melding I might have fallen asleep as
soon as we got back because I was tired
so it looks like before I pass out last
night I did send a text to Lauren that
said and I woke up to her spots from her
saying so it looks like that - no but
she's not yeah so I can rock this little
baby for about three four more days and
then she gets here and I'm gonna have to
shave it I know a lot of you guys are
thinking hey it's your face bro
it's your hair bro why don't you keep it
because I am a good boyfriend and I care
what my girlfriend thinks what she's
here hey it's cold in one Carl I know
okay I got to keep warm somehow this is
my body's response to the cold you feel
me now welcome to the end of walk talk
you guys bought up most of the gup-e and
moose
sweaters yesterday but do not forget
that if you get it today relative sabe
dot-com 35% off and you all 100% get it
before Christmas so you can be looking
on that good guff or mr. Santa Claus or
you could give it to somebody as a last
minute Christmas present because I know
some of you have been procrastinating on
getting gifts
well don't worry cuz I'll just Lobby got
you bro congratulations to my boy
Zachary I hope you had a lot of fun this
weekend and I hope we helped you start
the beginning of the rest of your life
off with a bang let me go
congratulations ACK daiquiri is that
buddy you that Zach congratulations on
the beginning of the rest of your life
alright that's all I got for you guys
today
see you tomorrow I got a two and a half
hour drive back to the fam because today
is my little brother and my dad's
birthday it's both a birthday so I gotta
get back on the quickness to celebrate
even more oh you thought the adventures
were over well you thought wrong see you
tomorrow as always until then don't
forget to do me a favor and remember if
you're not smiling doing it wrong a boy
okay bye
