ha ha
Oh
Oh
No
Oh
okay bye hey everyone thanks for
watching the video don't forget to
subscribe follow us on Twitter Instagram
buy everything wrong with savvy at Alex
wasabi did you think our faces in the
video we're hot or not we've been using
this app called hot or not recently
and I'm not trying to brag but wait wait
logging yeah
oh don't how to not his app where you
can lie you know why
see people and be like aha hmm or not
and you can see their interest to know
it doesn't all about looks fine on there
you can even find my true love over
there true lot see you know be like hey
you want to grab a movie yeah yes they
say no be like oh you want to grab some
hot dogs yeah hot dogs when I say no
just be like you wanna grab some ice
cream that if they say no that then you
can go the next picture and see if there
is a question exact there you go how do
not check it out
play this five we will see you there be
there Orlando Florida March 21st 23rd
let's take a lots of pictures
let's go like let's have fun let's hang
out and also one more thing this video
was inspired by my brother's new video
on his YouTube channel check it out over
there there or there it's one of those
watch them all all right we'll see you
next week then yes okay
