hey guys hey today hey guys Oh No okay
fine Richard you can be my video come on
let's go oh love is around the corner
and I'm gonna show you four steps to get
the men or women of your genes in this
case alex is my head okay let's go all
right first things first the sexy face
what you want to do first is relax your
face oh I said relax your face Oh relax
your say oh
oh okay well moving on hello it's a
magic magic can get you any girl or a
guy that you want because it comes from
the heavens down to the earth to the
flowers because it's embedded deep in
your heart okay anyways can't help me
it's Richard okay stand right here boom
right there well you ready to see magic
Carriger
um you can try but it's not easy okay
you did it okay come back here every day
step number three dance in order to move
anybody in the world they got to show
them that you can dance okay like this
okay oh oh just like this you like that
what can do with this thing what I need
your help
now okay bye
help me that was horrible Richard you
suck at dancing Oh step in before if all
else fails use mind control it takes a
lot of practice but if you master it
the possibilities are infinity okay
let's try it
three two one hello are you sleeping
hello Richard
okay I'm wake up oh it's working um cut
your nose off stuff yourself oh oh okay
um sing Richard that was harmful hmm if
it works on you then it may work on Alex
okay guys right whoa what are you doing
my control is never gonna
Hey oh boy oh boy I can't believe it
worked
wake up stand up now take me on a date
oh is that for me Oh Oh coating the
hours you smelled it to stay up
bitches oh I'm not doing this okay just
knock the door when you leave oh so
that's okay bye thank you for watching
the video everybody I hope you like it
follow us on Twitter and Roy wasabi also
we also have Instagram and Vine so do
that as well
follow us new video every Wednesday on
wasabi oh okay happy Valentine's
everybody okay I'll see you next time
holder bye
Oh
