 chubby get get get get get get
Chuck get Chuck dick dick dick dick dick
get chubby
we get big you look at kind of small
find me bowling at the food court in the
mall leftovers all you need to do is
call I'll be the one to eat it eat it
eat it all
don't let your skinny shakes only girls
guys heart skips a beat when you
super-sized and fried you better speak
with me cuz we'll have some good times
got flutter in the chicks know why good
come get it Tubman get chubby it and get
chuckling get chugging get get jump and
chubby get get get chubby mother love if
you rock it from the thighs mama cops
aren't fats are your lies on the real
you looking at aside what you eatin over
there
hey let me get up I wake up from my nap
rolling out of bed headed to the kitchen
gotta get myself pad no food in the
pantry no food in the bed it's cool and
I did just
okay okay can I get a number one with a
large fries what we gotta go number one
I gotta work okay and can I get a large
coca-cola
what Lorrimer yes ah
and then actually kid at number two with
a large combo also there was a great and
then a coca-cola and then can I get a
number three large large combo also
large coke coke cola okay and then uh do
you want anything
um I might just get the salad a salad
yeah no sell it I'll get the same fans
and same cakes I think sorry thing yeah
number three
all of it I don't know over there yeah
so two of everything you need so two of
everything
uh-huh yeah okay give me one second
right all right get jump take it Chuck
get some big big hit you hit you hit you
hit something
ergo right
oh yeah okay bye thanks for watching the
video everyone don't forget to subscribe
follow us on Twitter Instagram
everything you have whatever savvy Alex
or sodomy new video every Wednesday
aren't well savvy winces alright so um
let's get chummy yeah pinky bye oh yeah
oh yeah okay
