what it is would it be what it do so I'm
back in North Carolina at my family's
house and everybody's asleep I got a lot
to do today
we gotta make moves Andrew time to go to
school it's not I think it is I'm pretty
sure and you guys go school come on
you're gonna be late it's your last
school day before Christmas break come
on hurry you got do your push-ups
remember my little brother is 14 about
to turn 15 so I'm introducing him into
the world of working it out Andrew do
you want muscles let's go I'll show you
how to do it every single morning if you
wanna be in shape you gotta wake up and
do a bunch of push-ups I can do it every
day
then you're gonna get stronger you can't
not get stronger this is not how we
practice
that's good more Leia
hey little Malaya you gotta get up you
wanna go with me and Sikander to school
you do okay you gotta wake up go into a
big stretch big stretch pretty big arms
out arms out and oh wow that's a big one
okay get up come on you guys we gotta go
where you ready
a girl eat faster let me see you fast go
go chop chop chop chop
let me here's our jobs come on guys it's
cool say bye Andrew what you gotta tell
him I'm telling to study hard and eat it
is very important is that a Power Ranger
okay come on it's breakfast time what do
you want the whole menus right there he
read no you don't know how to read yet
what kind ring chocolate milk my boy I
mean girl well you gotta tell me what
you want read the menu okay little thing
can you at least tell me what babies eat
oh my gosh you're so difficult you look
like a baby no you sound like a baby
baby you smell like a baby all done are
you full yeah are you good you want to
get more food okay come on let's go back
home I got to go I got stuff to do today
is tell your loss song song
I told Malaya and Andrew that I had a
busy day because I did today is the day
that my best friend
finally let me hook him up that makes
Mike I have a best friend growing up and
the only word I can use to describe him
is mobile he always did the right thing
he always said the right
and he never let me do anything for him
we grew up together in a small town and
we didn't have much like we had the
normal stuff like I didn't have a car he
had a car from 1993 we didn't have a lot
then YouTube happened and I had a bunch
more resources and I was try to fly him
out to California but he wouldn't let me
buy his ticket I tried to get him a new
car he wouldn't let me I tried to help
him with this he wouldn't let me nothing
he would never let me do anything for
him because that's what friends do and
then he proposed to his girlfriend and
he was like maybe I should have a
bachelor party and I said yes that's a
good idea
and he finally let me take control of
where the bachelor party was so after 15
years of being best friends I finally
got to hook him oh this house I'm in
right now is a mansion
it is huge as soon as my best friend
Zack and friends arrive then I'll give
you guys a montage tour but before they
get here I gotta hit you with some
knowledge it is almost Christmas time
and I have my Christmas sweaters with
moose and this one with guppy hundreds
and hundreds of them went out you guys
love them everybody all over the world
is wearing them but there's some people
that I know want to be rocking the merch
but they can't afford it so this woman
about to do there are a few hundred more
guppy and moose sweaters analysis avi
calm and I want everyone that wants one
to have one so this is one about the 35%
off of both sweaters now if you
the board one now you can afford boom
I'm so excited
well that was that too loud I can't
really contain my excitement oh I got it
was that better and that's not all a lot
of people tweet me saying I want to get
your merch but I lived on the other side
of the planet and the shipping cost more
than the merch I want to get so from now
on until forever if you buy over $100
worth of merch all shipping and handling
is free you don't have to pay for
anything that's right free shipping and
handling on any order over $100 but
moose and guppy Christmas sweaters are
35% off and now you've got all the
knowledge I wanted to give you oh
they're here they're here okay here we
go
Zachary has arrived and the rest of you
you know that means what montage
thank you for finally letting me do
something for you
won't let me fly to California you won't
really do anything but now you got this
you can't even see this you can't
appreciate this yet wait till morning
time do the wait look we have a private
pier you can't even see it it's right
there we got the whole weekend boy yeah
that's our balcony it's two buildings
that's ours but welcome to the end of
vlog talk that's all I got for you guys
today
make sure to come back tomorrow if you
want to join in more of the bachelor
party adventures I'm also gonna do a
daytime montage of this house because
the nighttime montage didn't do it
justice this place is ridiculous
and don't forget moose and guppy
sweaters 35 percent off and something I
forgot to mention if you order this
weekend
then you will 100% get it before
Christmas so you can be rocking that
moosie and guppy wasabi sweaters on
Christmas Day for sure no I gotta go
celebrate with my boys because one of my
best friends is getting married so see
this
as always and until then don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you doing
it wrong
