Iowa sup guys I'm here with my friend
Ian and Roy's about to get
alex has been dunking on me the last two
days and I think tonight I will get them
back alright so I like to sleep in there
I'm about to Dunkin him have a shaving
cream see what happens
ah okay bye hey guys thanks for watching
the video you gotta see what inspired
this little prank girl we had going on
which I regret check the first video its
Cobi bristles messy it was pretty cool
mmm it was pretty awesome and for the
second video check out 47 Richard we
flew all the way down Tokyo Dome little
something for you guys so check it out
right there
mmm-hmm and for the third video smile
for the Philippines it's a good cause
we're raising money for the relief in
the Philippines so check that out right
there yeah feel free to try it on your
friends to your friends dokkan your
friends and bunch your friends whipped
cream here friends yeah alright what
happened no yo-yo that's kind of weird
are you okay yeah you look like a to
Scarface oh he just fell asleep
