hey everyone recently the biggest type
in world history hit the Philippines
this affected millions and devastated
thousands of people they are in need of
our help as Filipino American youtubers
we felt it was our responsibility to
spread awareness and let the Filipino
people know that the rest of the world
cares - so what we did is we went to the
mall and asked strangers to help us
raise money and we asked a few friends
to check it out so this is what we're
going to do every time someone says I
love the Philippines on camera Roy and I
will donate $10 if they dance for the
Philippines
Roy and I will donate $20 and if they
say something encouraging to the
Filipino people to let them know
everything is going to be okay we will
donate $30 go let's go let's go
I love Philippines
mmm
I know you guys been through some crazy
times recently but I just want you to
know that we have your back over here
and we'll do whatever we can to help you
guys stay strong you guys are strong
beautiful people hang in there guys we
love you you just go days are they come
on Jesus and He will help you feel
things and keep your chin up and pray
for you every day knowing that things
are going to get better and it's going
to be even better than it was before
that symetrical researchers I mean they
are saying this
Philippi
yes
okay you guys all you guys do is spray
we're going to help you guys out things
only get better we're all here for you
and thank God you know eight is on the
way and appreciate what you guys are
doing oh thank you yeah
okay I'm not
Oh
ah
Tanna
I love the Philippines we have ability
I love the Philippines all the people
who are affected by the typhoon in the
Philippines whether it was you yourself
or you had friends or family that were
affected by it I just want to say stay
strong and you know I love you guys I
love the Philippines I really do hope
that things get better there soon and
best of luck
we love the Philippines thanks to
everyone that participated and made this
video possible we had a lot of fund
raising money for this cause the money
that we raised we will be donating to
music for relief if you want to learn
more there's music for leaf comm visit
that site link below and we encourage
you to donate as well anything helps and
and for every hundred thousand views
this video gets we will be donating $100
so feel free to share it tweet it
Instagram it anything you do to spread
the word and for the Philippines just
know that we are here for you and we
love you and help is on the way
stay strong okay let's donate this money
look good our house - it nine hundred
and seventy bucks here
all right so nine hundred seventy bucks
so let's do this that thank you so much
for your donation
there we got it all right
