hey Alex do you mind what are you
wearing what you have a towel on your
head it's an efficient way to keep your
hair up and out of the way while it
dries duh you're so girly as aunt you're
so girly tail like when OMG girl did you
see Pretty Little Liars last night oh
hell no I know you didn't know my last
show oh um what happened was what
happened was is that I'll have to say
for yourself calm down it's not that big
of a deal calm down
ain't nobody don't tell me to calm down
baby girl huh Ned oh yeah ah well what
about you girl bye ah are you ki d di
and Jing me right now what didn't yellow
like my Instagram picture no way she
must really like you
she probably wants to move in with you
start a family and your little darling
Gigi really you think so no girl what's
wrong with you Instagram
whatevs don't act like you don't
remember what happened yesterday you
want big and thick and fluffy eyebrow
because the here it is the more
pretty you look and people love that
alright for the eyeshadow you want to
put that up and you want to put that
down because it makes your eyes ah you
want to put a lipstick hair all over
your mouth because it makes your mouth
look bitch I know you just didn't change
my show ah
give it here what about you this morning
are you going out with a lie
take what do you mean this shirt is not
title don't you think are you calling me
fat I'm just I know you said I'm fat I'm
gonna hate you for forever and a day
fine let's just agree that we can both
be girly at times fine fine fine fine
geez calm down did you go seven kana bed
did you just call me fatty gamba okay
bye thank you for watching a video don't
forget subscribe follow us on Twitter
more wasabi Alex cassava Instagram vine
everything we're there mmm new video
every wasabi Wednesday check out our
first video up there for your so curly
one check out our second video if you
want a free audio book right here best
book ever and the third one is our
newest Richard Neverland a parody check
it out let me know what you think really
all right we're done all right yes okay
let's take this thing off of its today
what did rip it up oh I think it up yeah
oh so tight huh everybody was kind of
affinity
