hey guys today's video we're going to
teach you how to get out of awkward
situations the number one thing you're
going to want to do is out awkward the
awkward
let me explain slap the tickle
sing-along gravity
I can still see you
mid-chest nipple pinch yo what are you
doing
No Mas pantalones hey okay okay
blackout oh hey you there it's okay
have another one here you go
doppelganger hey you got that
whoa you're not Alex yes I am no you're
not you Sam see okay where's my money
extinguish hey one minute later two
minutes later
five minutes later okay so this is the
aftermath of the fire extinguisher we
are so dumb oh my goodness oh my
goodness okay bye thanks for watching
the video
hey guys don't forget subscribe follow
us on Twitter boy wasabi alex asabi new
video every Wednesday on Mesabi
Wednesdays and remember if life gives
you awkward awkward okay bye
