hi welcome to another episode of make up
with Rolanda Halloween edition it's that
time of year again if you want me to I
don't get a lot of candy budget doing it
wrong if you want a lot of candy your
face must be super scary that's
delicious
that's amazing and then they'll be like
wow get all the candy
alright first you want to start off with
your basic foundation your sharpie and
your lipstick a you want big and thick
and fluffy eyebrow because the fluffier
it is the more pretty you're looking
people love that all right for the
eyeshadow you want to put that up and
you want to put that down because it
makes your eyes ah you want to play the
lipstick a all over your mouth because
it makes your mouth look bigger because
the bigger your mouth the more candy you
can eat hmm
one system with the foundation you want
to get started with your Halloween
makeup we're gonna start off with
marshmallows okay you want to get the
marshmallow and spread it all around
your face make sure you get every inch
and make sure it's even because you want
to make a convincing ghost because you
are a ghost alright once you're done
with that you want to put more
marshmallows everywhere I mean
everywhere I mean everywhere if you want
to get a lot of candy you want to show
them that you love candy so what you
want to do is put a whole bunch of candy
here face this is the fun part you get
to put candy on your face the main
reason for this is you want people to
know that you love candy so much that
you can put it on your face all over
your body
anyway only your face like that mm-hmm
so good you can put any kind of candy
pink candy purple candy bit candy small
candy don't matter you can eat it too
check it out mm-hmm so good oh look it's
a coin coffee Oh yummy all right we're
not done with a candy yet we're gonna
act like up so it's more sweet
hey okay we're all look up all you have
to now are the finishing touches like
accessories mmm yeah last but not least
we can't forget about the pumpkin since
you already look like Halloween now if
you have to smell like Halloween like
that make sure you play it just like
this the very last thing you need is
that right okay let's put all your hard
work to the test
Oh calm down
oh okay bang thank you for watching the
video don't forget to subscribe follow
us on Twitter I'm going with Savi Oh
what's this uh new video every wednesday
oh farmers okay so I think we're gonna
go trick-or-treating now oh yeah Richard
that's so gross
