hey guys Roy and I were thinking the
other day the first book we can remember
reading mine was The Very Hungry
Caterpillar and mine was brown bear
brown bear what do you see we found both
copies of the book online at
audible.com/asap both the books are
written by our now favored out there
Aaron Carl audible.com is awesome they
have tons of audiobooks you can listen
to just type it in and it's yours listen
to you forever thanks to our friends at
audible.com for hooking us up we give
this gift to you okay now take a second
and try to remember the first book you
can remember ever reading now go to
audible.com slash Mousavi to get your
first free audiobook today since roy iro
is traveling for youtube stuff we don't
always have time to read so audiobooks
are perfect but we both have our own
types of genres murder mystery
who did action we're gonna make it we're
gonna make it hold on romance novel hurt
a lot for him was strong she knew the
reason he sat far from her was just a
subtle way of playing hard-to-get
Rolando's heart was beating out of her
chest as she wondered if he was feeling
the same burning desire and his bosoms
as she did I'm not okay bang thanks for
tuning in guys
don't forget new video every wassabi
Wednesday don't forget to click on the
subscribe button below and for more
updates and pictures and info follow us
on Twitter and Instagram outro asabi and
Alex sabe in case you want the link
again check the description box below we
gotta go make new videos now
