a few weeks ago Roy and I moved in
together Alex and I recently moved in
together you would think I'd be awesome
moving in with your best friend but I
thought it'd be so fun moving in with my
best friend but he's kind of been sort
of been super annoying let me explain
she never cleans up after himself she's
such a slob mm-hmm you got something in
your shirt I'm saving that for later
he is always cleaning up
he has his slowest reaction times ever
hey Alex
think back huh he always says I have a
slow reaction time hey Roy big fast last
but not least he is so weird what are
you doing
ruin can sometimes be annoying Alex can
sometimes be a lot to put up with but
he's still my best friend I wouldn't
trade him for anyone else even though he
can be a Butthead what okay bye yo hey
thanks for watching the video forget to
subscribe follow us on Twitter wasabi
alex wasabi new video every Wednesday on
wasabi Wednesday's subscribe
