hi today we're gonna talk about bad
habits these are things people do which
are bad and don't even realize it like
picking your nose biting your nails
chewing with your mouth open everybody
has bad habits including us so today's
episode we're gonna talk about ours
hopefully by making this video we will
be able to see our bad habits and stop
them forever what rule and are we doing
I can enjoy my kids ride your the road
move
Oh
what religion are you kidding me what is
their ladder that against the law
move man
she is so and roll it up
come on strap baby come on Barry pull it
don't worry to walking your dog right
back are gonna lie I'm just walking my
dog move go
all right well I'm gonna get some sleep
we have a big day of filming ahead of us
yeah you're probably right I guess we
can finish this episode sir okay how
much should do that video on YouTube of
that monkey farting out that dolphin
five more minutes
Alex get up I said five more minutes
it's been two hours what I can't believe
you let me sleep that long what's wrong
with you I'm sorry some things came up
and I just forgot are you mad at me
great now I'm gonna be late I said I was
sorry I mean is there anything I could
do to make it up to you five more
minutes
Roy we need to talk about your eating
habits what are you talking about it's
becoming a problem
you're becoming a problem I'm just
worried about your health is all you
worry about yourself I have everything
under control
really ROI really yes
are you sure yes I'm sure now go away
okay bang thanks for sticking around
don't forget to subscribe follow us on
Twitter access ha beat Roy wasabi new
video every wasabi Wednesday ride okay
bye
