wait is it two lines what is would it be
what did do Oh welcome back to another
day let me tell you something about a
dream that I had on the yesterday last
night I had a dream what's break oh
she's on the way over here right now
because my boy hey Jake Raphael has just
arrived and we about to do a video
called a song challenge yeah Oh buddy
did you hear what I just said earlier
that was on the blog yeah about my dream
okay don't tell Lauren and she comes
over I don't want to figure out you
ready command AG here she coming hello
you're late
let's go what's that
hey what's this what that is stop what
is that
oh boy are you doing so you put on the
front yeah they're accommodating moving
out nothing nothing let's go come on he
just been waiting Hey
since Christmas time is almost here
I thought it's Christmas time is almost
here we're gonna bring you some
Christmas cheer time is almost here
and suddenly I
there's an okay
if you want to see us sing some more
songs good ideas challenge we did
challenge over there yes we did before
you go check this out yo camera messed
up bro look at that kind of moment I'm
vlogging winner job what maybe you
should replace it with a brand new g7x -
Merry Christmas it's super nice it
focuses faster you gonna love it
you gotta open it I know no that's not
it's really it's a camera yeah so just
check change on the screen hmm we just
change out no no look at this
look you got a new grip on the side it
focuses faster it smells good smelly
that new cameras well but ok don't
forget camera sir I didn't know you were
serious yeah I like scream oh here's
your camera and you're like oh okay cool
thanks and I was like wait do you not
want it
yeah I'm mr. Christmas over here okay
done so much for me
Hey I Love You Man just finished filming
with AJ and now Lauren has a video which
is basically just how to embarrass her
boyfriends is that what's gonna happen
you know you know you know okay let's do
it
what have you done honestly I made you
feel what have you done to me you guys
want to find out how let me hit you with
some alley tomorrow 3p and you guys are
about to get the fires track the dopest
track the most you ever seen a li time
my boy I'm telling you this wait just
wait it's on that fire okay what's that
what's that Lauren yes it's been crazy
oh it's just boom burn what's wrong with
you oh my gosh see yesterday I had a
dream and in the dream you were prego
okay you don't want pray all right now
see you're either so close okay you
don't look pregnant right now but I just
I can't get it off my mind can we please
just go take a pregnancy test please
we're gonna have to take one what
because in my I'm freaking out I'm
freaking out right it's a sign it was a
sign
there's no yes come on you have to
pretty stuff
I'm good house close your turn
hurry hurry I need to know okay we're
doing something oh yeah it's filling up
with your pee that's gross
yeah oh my gosh so much time all right
could this be it this is definitely not
it those triplets no quadruplets oh my
gosh
No oh it's not turning go on oh I think
I see one line coming you see it oh yeah
they're super one line crack eggs on the
way wait is it two lines there's
definite one line it said even if
there's a faint second line no I promise
I promise what to say via two pink lines
the pregnant result parentheses even if
either line is faint
that's a faint pink line right there
you're like you see that you're like
okay you see that line for sure but you
definitely see a faint line right there
look at this boy why are they different
well pregnant not pregnant what is it
wasn't baby but 99% accurate what what
that is two lines but I must have bought
a combo pack this is like an ovulation
test let me see oh my god ovulation test
oh this one says go back to go except to
and test tomorrow oh oh you lied to us
up every time
you crazy you would give me the 100
scary
look it says eight seven opulent test
and one pregnancy test so did you take
the pregnancy phase I took the president
s leave you're not pregnant I got goose
bumps still do my hair
you almost had a baby why do you think
triple is you see that hair you see it
just look where your hairy arm to me
would you like one of your Christmas
presents before I go back to North
Carolina tomorrow yeah I don't know okay
let me get it
don't walk are you looking about to give
it to you okay but there's a problem
it is a moose quilt a moose Amos it's
not an actual news okay a cartoon moose
yeah but I'm not sure if you're aware
8x8 does not necessarily mean feat
because it can also mean inches here is
your quilt
there you go there you go
thank you I can't believe I ordered an 8
inch size quilt I met I thought it would
be huge
no yeah why would that not a quill oh
maybe it's in a quilt piece oh you put
oh there's a quilt square Merry
Christmas I have more for women for when
we get back I have right now Oh at the
house I know but is it it's big it looks
big
eight feet by eight feet welcome to the
end of blog talk flying back home to
North Carolina tomorrow because my
childhood best friend is getting married
but first he needs a bachelor party and
I got him a huge surprise come back
Saturday and find out what that is
on Saturdays vlog because you know on
that tomorrow I'm dropping the best diss
track of 2017 for sure so make sure to
come back tomorrow 3 p.m. and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing
