watch in the first episode of cooking
with robots if you want to look like a
cook you have to dress like a cook Alex
and Roy showed you how to make the
ultimate Nutella sandwich but I'm gonna
show you how to make the ultimate and
your Daleks ours here are the
ingredients bread cereal sprinkles
let's start with a brand you want to cut
off all this yuck yuck all right now you
want to fold it up into smaller squares
that way you'll soak up more butter in
the frying pan all right you want to put
the butter in the frying pan and the two
slices in the pan as well until it's
golden brown
remember butter is the food for muscles
wallah it's time to prepare the bacon
bacon helps your body booze white cell
count to help fight disease and
infection let's go over here all right
what do you want to do is turn the oven
to really high Oh what you want to do
that place as many bacon as he can in
the pan while it's cooking you want to
follow me over here okay as we return
back it should be fully cooked
oh now the food is prepared it's time to
start constructing your masterpiece step
one place for the tone on each side of
the bread slices Nestle is a great
source of knowledge this will be the
glue that holds this fabulous sandwich
together step two set all the
ingredients in this specific order
cereal for a little texture in fiber
bacon to strengthen your immune system
gummy worms which is a good source of
happiness and top it all off with
sprinkles for extra yum yum when all is
said and done you will have yourself a
delicious inspiring active beautiful
inspirational tasty edible sandwich just
grab a glass of milk and dig in there
also is so long which are you talking
about my mom will be home for hours
what okay bye thanks for hanging out
don't forget subscribe
boy wasabi all look slow feel free to
try out this sandwich tell us what you
think
did you like it my drink Oh make you new
video every Wednesday
ah mobile purchase art straight cool
really nice home
