hello for today's episode we want to
talk about something very important to
us it's been a big part of our lives
ever since we can remember and that
thing that we hold near and dear to our
hearts is candy yeah
but let's use our inside voices okay as
I'm saying the reason we the reason we
love the reason we love Roy you're
interrupting me I'm trying to talk just
eat this until I'm done so back to what
I was saying we love everything about
that's it I'm putting young mute for the
rest of the video now back to what I was
saying we could not live without candy
it's the reason we wake up in the
morning there's the last thing we eat
before we go to sleep at night we broke
down our love into four reasons number
one candy is your friend human friends
will come and go but candy friends last
forever if they don't there will always
be another to take their place haha
reason number two no matter how bad
things get candy can always solve all of
life's problems if you get a bad grade
on a test candy if your girlfriend
breaks up with you candy
if you used up all your lives on candy
crush if you get a bad great girlfriend
breaks up with you and you run out of
lies on candy crush candy reason number
three candy never lies
am i beautiful and for the last reason
reason number four candy saves lives
are you do it stop we're trying to eat
the chocolate candy yeah sure and that's
why we love candy thanks for watching
and okay you can say something a big big
boy and control yourself hello hello
finally thank you
okay thanks for watching the video don't
forget to subscribe follow us on Twitter
and Alex SIV wrote wasabi um new video
every Wednesday I will stop you
Wednesdays buy our shirts hello
subscribe
okay know what that 101 bye
