jaqen the crazy situation what you
eating it's just candy yeah so no this
is my kid get your own come on
I said no you're still immature me
really fine
you need to be immature I'll be immature
so where do you want to eat I don't know
what do you mean II don't know I don't
know stop making that voice and just
pick a place what are you watching TV I
know that but what are you watching on
TV TV show well I'm gonna change it the
game's on yeah what are you doing step
I'm not changing it back fine cheer are
you gonna clean up the mess you made
mmm no you can't just see but you what
what's so funny
easy but but are you serious it just
says pee
P P P are you done being immature yep
yep then what he still sound like that
like that like what like that sound like
what like a little boy like a little boy
are you copying me stop stop no really
cut it up quit
oh my gosh I'm so sorry are you okay oh
my gosh I'm sorry are you okay you can
do this is here
