you don't believe me nobody believes me
that's it I am releasing my first diss
track what it is would it be what it do
duh
I've made a decision I am NOT gonna
stoop to Rice's level and make a diss
track on I could go win cuz I could be a
rapper if I wanted to put him on about
that life right moose well guess what
bro mom's home that's my mom let's go
mrs. Ahn did you miss him did you miss
me
who'd you miss more who you didn't get
your Christmas present for me yet right
Hardy no your new house can I go get it
what what do I get you for his biz I
need right here
well I just walked away but hey you need
help with that yeah I got love stuff
really yeah look at this this is large
and it's heavy and my radar is gonna
follow you you can see something but
what's that blanket for it's a Christmas
present
what so I gotta just let me have it now
it's basically Christmas it's pretty
much Christmas look at all the snow
this is my life now hurry open the door
oh oh I almost didn't make it
what's that what is it move let me see I
can't see anything let me see and and
and ahh
this year I got a new house dance what
is this
how much mirror do you need you only
need this much mirror opens it up oh let
me show you guys this if you live on
earth and you've looked at the news you
know that recently California has been
on fire there's been a bunch of wild
fires breaking out because it's so dry
down town there's no trees there's
nothing to catch on fire and it's far
from where all the fires were but this
house still away from the fire it's like
pretty far away from the fires but the
fires got so big that the smoke clouds
came over our house and this is what
happened to our pool this is usually
clear and look how much ash look that's
what it's kind of clear right there
where the Jets pushing out we look at
all that ashes grows Lord look at this
it like rested on the bottom it's on the
seeds that is disgusting
we have a pool guy coming to clean it
but that's crazy how that how it reached
us we are so far from the fires hot how
Lauren can I move in yet why pick up 200
moose poop well I've taken care of him -
he gets in a row at least 20 yeah he
poops a lot a little bit I might be
feeding him a little bit extra than you
do so he likes me more if you count all
the other random times I probably have
like a hundred and seventy needs to go
no piccoli ten what's the 20
okay that's 30 that's what I said 170
okay you crazy person okay so I got 170
coops to go to pick up till I can move
in to this lovely new yes now that the
box is completely covered
I can vlog it completely that's a big
box what's in it what is it tell me did
you give me a dwarf Mamba did you give
me an oven there's Evan in there oh my
gosh so much stress in my life I can't
get over that one of the people I call
my friends doesn't think I could be a
wrap or do you think I could be a rapper
be honest I'll go for the light it's
like you're on you later what yes okay
good oh that's scary though he said it's
not like no so I brought a bunch of my
friends over here to help me get my mind
off of things
and just just have a good price what are
you doing here well I didn't say you'd
come over no just hey I think oh you
said I could be a rapper I know okay wow
you know I'm not gonna I'm gonna stay
I'm gonna be the bigger man I'm just
gonna play basketball
hey I know we played a lot of games but
who thinks they can outrun me with
parachutes nobody he can he can he can
who can who's gonna challenge me you you
you VD okay okay okay okay yeah here you
go first EP you can't handle me I can be
a rapper
alright hold on all I'm Jimmy we got the
official timer mister jimothy Olympics
right here okay you ready
yeah that just gave me the day I told
you don't go through the gate door he
ripped their parachutes up they're
broken
are you serious right now I lost I lost
in basketball I lost in the parachute
race my parachute got ripped in half
everything's going wrong would you get
it there's a new member of the family
somebody at the charity basketball game
gave me this and as soon as I touched it
I knew Lauren to fall in love with it so
I had to get it but I know I was I'm not
happy about it
it just stops there like a marshmallow
Lauren we can't have that in our life
whether you rid of all the stuff you
actually have you know over all of them
please please please I'm trying to be a
rapper what yeah you all go how am I
supposed to be a cool gangster rapper if
there's stuff he's everywhere just not
in my bed give me your thing we'll put
them on the floor no we'll put them
somewhere nobody can see them I get them
with dog beds and they not gonna be in
the bed only when you're here deal a
good dog bed that's right
we don't move these Tuffy's out of bed
that's one more step to being a gangster
rapper do you think I should do you
think do you think I should you know
what I'm gonna I'm gonna really sit I'm
not really I'm not really sick yeah
believe me nobody believes me that's it
I am releasing my first diss track
Friday I'm releasing it it's going down
right you're going down everybody this
is you don't believe in me
coming there's no snappy gesture Oh
or is there I am tired I am tired of
being the good guy always having to be
mr. nice guy the bigger man the
happy-go-lucky dude but not this time
this Friday my turn stand up coz when
you talk down to me you're talking down
to the wasabi uns and nobody disrespects
the wasabi huh no sir no sir we've been
riding together for almost 12 years you
think I'm just gonna let some dude come
in like that's like that so I'm about to
go if you've been watching the vlog you
know I started a little something but I
never finished it
I lost the motivation but right
you just remote evaded me I mean
so i'ma spend all day tomorrow
perfecting mastering and filming so I
can drop that fire track on Friday hope
you ready see you tomorrow
and until then do me a favor and don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
