recently we've been being fat and not to
mention being lazy so we decided to help
us with our friend and you and then you
pick up and then you kick our
thanks for coming out yeah it was great
getting London fat with you yeah let's
go through this tomorrow yeah actually
we're busy tomorrow
okay how about Friday Oh Friday is not
it's not a good day either Saturday
Saturday let me check no okay Sunday
Senate how about we'll call you and
we'll set something up and they'll be
able degree okay if I don't have to I'll
just text you right yeah was remembered
I'm so glad that's over
right Shrek I got this oh I got Keith up
okay bang ah thanks brush to the video
don't freeze follow us at Twitter Alex
Avila wasabi special things to don't
follow our new video every wednesday
wasabi wins it don't forget to follow us
on twitter now it's a v8 wasabi and big
thanks for watching the video don't
forget the positive side to it don't
forget to follow the Twitter and Sami
