hey guys you will never guess what
happened to us we got to hang out with
Lucas Cruikshank you might know him from
his Bible YouTube character Fred or his
new hit TV show and Nickelodeon Marvin
Marvin and not to brag but anything but
he followed us on Twitter Lucas is a fan
of our videos so he offered to show us
around California and give us an idea of
what it really takes to make it in the
entertainment business but things didn't
go as planned hey guys we love your work
I love your guys videos anyways I was
thinking I would show you guys around
town see the sights it'll be fine that
let's do it let's get started let's go
so this is the Walk of Fame in downtown
Hollywood oh this looks amazing
we should definitely film here I'm
actually filming the movie here in
August and two of the actors dropped out
so I'll put in a good word for you guys
then he also was do it not another fun
fact about Hollywood is that and this is
where all the stars stars go like
there's a Whoopi Goldberg Oprah wig up
what did you I I could have sworn done
shoes right I never mind we just get out
of here this place is creeping me out
sure rude
I can't believe we're here so this is
where you feel Marvin Marvin yep this is
where the magic happens
all right let's check it out so this is
Nickelodeon studios Wow
so what shows do they film here well
they filmed icarly here they've also
filmed Drake & Josh The Amanda Show all
that they film so many shows here it's
really about you poop
what is he okay yeah I think we should
just move it up all right
Hey and our final stop is the Grove Park
if you come here in a Saturday you can
sometimes see Lindsay Lohan it's really
cool Lucas can you give me just one one
minute you come come here come here okay
you need to pull yourself together
you're embarrassing me and I'm pretty
sure you're freaking out Lucas look I
know it sounds crazy but I'm pretty sure
Roland is here that's what you're
freaking out about we're on the other
side of the country I promise she's not
here so let's just get you so ready yeah
you're funny oh my god what Lucas stay
away she's crazy
Oh her gospel whoa look Oh what is wrong
with you guys that these are my friends
and you can't treat them like that
whatever the tour is over come on let's
go guys
yeah oh
so that's what Oh
forget those guys they're mean but
anyways I have two openings in a new
movie I'm doing would you guys be
interested yeah can I wear my bikini
yeah sure a multi Silvo yeah wait for me
oh here follow us on Twitter
your girlfriend ruins everything she's
not my girlfriend okay bye hey guys it's
Roy it's Lucas and Alex thanks for
watching the video follow us on Twitter
Alex asabi Lucas Cruikshank Roy wasabi
make sure to subscribe to us and Lucas
youtube.com slash Lucas thanks for
watching alright see you next Wednesday
