hello I'm Alex I'm Roy today we're going
to give you a glimpse into the daily
life of a true friendship between bros a
bro shit
hey would she take an awesome Instagram
picture once so awesome that'll be all
of Justin Bieber's daily shirtless
pictures combined yeah come take this
picture alright thank you hey oh this is
gonna be such a good picture straight to
the pop page now I just need to pick a
filter do you think I would make a good
King what
like do I display a sense of honor and
leadership uh yeah you'd be a good king
but I'd be a great Emperor King beats
Emperor duh you are incorrect my friend
an emperor is more respected more
powerful and cooler than a king now go
get me some water and don't forget the
lemon peasant that's not even a lemon
peppers better ever kappa okay
okay look I narrowed it down okay which
filter look this one or this one this
one or this one wait this one with this
Alex I don't care just pick one big hey
wait this one or this one
you think trees get embarrassed when
their leaves fall off what hey what's up
did you get my gummy worms no I know you
did tell me the truth
I didn't eat you stupid gummies lies did
you smash my TV oh I knew it I knew you
in my gummies I know I'm so bored
Richard do something funny okay I look
oh I'm Alex I think I'm so cool and sexy
oh you're so funny bitching you're so
awesome
Alex you ready real quick though okay
this one of this one okay seriously just
pick one it's not that big of a deal
funny bear post it feel better yeah
alright let me see it bit you should a
big lo-fi Alex you ready we hope this
video gave you a little more insight of
what true friendships look like eat bro
ships
it's friendships now we agreed it was
bro ships it's friendship it's bro ships
it's friendships bro chips is stupid and
it will never catch on
say it again let's say it what is it Oh
bro shit right that's gay bang hey guys
and ro asabi I'm Alex wasabi freestyle
yeah don't forget to subscribe to your
channel cuz every week we got a new
video sabi whiffing that's the plan I'm
talking about way about the time about
other things go now yo check out we have
twitter shoosh follow me with zombie out
- stop it - so we're gonna say goodbye
YouTube and I say goodbye farewell hello
