hey today we're gonna talk about
abbreviations me and Roy we've been
friends for like 10 years so a lot of
our conversations have to do with
abbreviations the only problem is
whenever we bring other friends around
they get confused what's up dudes hey
what's up yo that hair is totes adorbs
what preesh I woke up and bam it was
like this I'm def jelly what are you do
today just the regs well I was gonna go
get a little snip snip then stop by the
chain chain then maybe go for some Froyo
what's a Froyo you don't know what Froyo
is it's delish soup sauce is it that
stuff we go I'm baking Hawaii yeah that
ish was noms anyways you trying to go
nah I got a mad green grain i no probs
dude I got you BAM heads meds Oh face
bro you got any Wat spots no oh well
JK clutch got some handstands too if you
need it no I'm good
whew that stuff was totes cray I feel
perfect little Bobby you read oh hold on
okay now I'm ready let's go all right
you hold down the fort
we'll be back don't forget to pop the
locks and fill the dog okay wait what
late
okay bye
