Hey welcome to draw my life with wasabi
oh yeah ooh sexy so my name is Roy whoo
cuz that sexy baby I was born in the
Philippines and my name is sexy baby
Alex and I'm from Montana I'm not sure
how to draw Montana ugly baby when I was
two I moved from the Philippines all the
way to America specifically North
Carolina and I moved from Montana to
North Carolina cuz I heard you move
there
no way Yeah right there with experts the
spa experts the spa yeah so we met in
middle school I guess I was a quiet calm
shy guy I don't even know what that's
supposed to be okay I was I was very
loud and a hyper little boy you're ugly
anyways I was like hey I'm Roy and I was
like you're gross and smelly and that
really hurt my heart so I started crying
no JK I start being happy again nobody
really burgers me smelly you're still
ugly alright so there was high school
and we went to the same high school I
was like hey what's up I know you and I
was like what's up I'm Alex oh I'm good
oh and I was like won't be friends I got
ya and then I was like psych just
kidding I was like what did you know I
used to have long hair back in high
school I used talking british opsin he
didn't know I did good really oh I
remember
anyways he used to live in the same
neighborhood did we used to live about
three houses down from each other and I
would see him and I'm like oh I know you
you from my school and I was like Hello
I was like Hello you want to be friends
best friends please
I was so happy what's up oh oh that's my
mom and dad yeah
they bought camera but they would never
use it so I took it and I made videos
with it
oh yeah eventually I made wasabi again
2005 oh yeah it was really nice
I'm so happy I did that back in the days
Alex wasn't in wasabi yet oh well I I
think you were taking enough your house
oh no Saad alas yes ugly Alex thank you
you're welcome
ah I remember one day I went outside and
I saw him I was like hey I know you
can i play too place I was like yes oh
yay well I'll make a video that's what I
said to him yeah and uh I think 2006
YouTube was born and we had a place to
put our video yay at first we made
videos just for families and friends
they seem to really like it our dads our
moms
doctors pets dinosaurs driving Oh what
is that that's fun earth over there oh
that's the world oh oh but I think my
accidents gone oh oh oh mine Tim oh
really
Oh what I started getting deals from all
the world and it was freaking us out I
was like yo we're getting a lot of views
know what our views I was like stupid
ugly as time went on my friends got
older and they didn't want to make
videos anymore so I was stuck with Alex
I'm still here buddy
um okay best friends wait did that only
happen because I was the last one oh no
maybe
what okay moving on filming became our
hobby and we liked it a lot we did it
all the time
and you're not beautiful do you know
that all set fists
we made lip syncs dancing anything funny
if we thought it was funny we made it
and then there was College
I hate College oh I hated College we had
to say bye-bye
yeah it's okay it was just temporary
right yeah but it was bad but ten months
and we had no videos I was busy studying
aah slice cut in the way suck it suck
life I hate you no hater love why I
remember walking by and I saw you I was
like hey I know you
yeh had short hair boy I was like hey
you want to make videos again yeah and I
was like yay yeah and we were so happy
yeah in 2012 April 7th we introduced two
new characters Rolanda hello chatter oh
my god what's it get away from me sure
let's yeah ugly yeah we made this parody
and call me maybe
little did we know it reached over 57
million views we were just like wow we
were just so freakin in awe you're like
wow that's a lot of views I was like yay
and ever since then everything just
skyrocketed our subscribers our view
counts it was oh that was awesome it was
awesome
stop are you trying to race trying to
erase which have a lot for wasabi now to
LA Florida all over North Carolina
hopefully we can travel a lot more all
over the world it's awesome
and then wasabi whip what you can do it
Wednesday
yes wasabi Wednesday was born whoa
ever since then life has been great
we've been traveling meeting fans doing
shows we couldn't ask for more and what
the future holds for us we don't know
but we know we're moving in Los Angeles
and doing more shows and traveling and
being the best for everybody yeah I
guess we kind of do know what the future
holds
oh yeah oh oh girls girls oh yeah yeah
we gotta we gotta find love I gotta find
my love there are a lot of reasons why
we do what we do it's mostly because we
love to make the world laugh and we love
inspiring people and we love wasabi ins
we do we could never live without them
why because it's true love oh yeah we
love you more than you know oh yeah
robot I love you deal all right here you
Richard you don't love them more than I
do
get away oh I've got four let's me you
okay bye
oh yeah we better see you next with sabe
Wednesday oh yeah we should we better oh
did you know you're ugly no we can be
able to gather do it yeah yeah I make
sure to subscribe
heart heart okay bye
