would you accept me into talking what it
is would it be what is - oh I have a
bunch of adventures for today but the
first of the first is
boot time he's video and it's coming out
on the tomorrow so go check it out at
least efficient right yeah he just got
around yeah go check it out if you want
to see me cook with all these colors
it's gonna be on dope that's gonna be
you in the second house or no no this is
what we're trying to make right yeah not
trying we're doing oh we gonna do it
it's gonna happen ok ok ok no some chalk
oh my god be careful be careful be
careful
oh right now there's no way it's gonna
come out looking like a fish how did we
do this go to Jimmy time fine and you
can eat it adventure number 2 of the day
I'm not the DUS know that I've never
done before because you know how I love
experiencing life and this one's I'm a
little scared of this one this one Oh
we'll see how that goes I'm scared it is
cold a deprivation tank let me explain
what a deprivation tank is a deprivation
tank is a tank that you get in that has
a bunch of salt in it it has a bunch of
salt so that when you lay in the water
you're very buoyant and you float at the
top not only is that what's about to go
down but there's a button in there
that makes it pitch black so you can't
see anything nothing you can't see
anything it's soundproof and they give
you earplugs so you can't hear anything
there's no sense you don't smell
anything you can't taste anything and
there's basically no gravity because
you're floating and what you do is you
lay in that tank for about an hour and
just meditate and be in the present and
don't worry about all the stresses of
your life don't worry about homework
don't worry about getting in trouble
don't worry about being grounded don't
worry about this that and that just
focus on the present let's check this
thing out brought me in this room and
they said this is your room this week Oh
me there's a where it's not to go down
this is Oh changing area then you have a
shower so you can clean off just to be
sanitary and this is where the magic
happens
Oh what is that it's like a refrigerator
Wow so you go in here you lay down flat
you press that button it turns off the
light and you are in the upside down
yeah remember when they did this in
stranger things
- here we go game time game time and
this is a no clothes situation out there
get in here and go straight feed us on
it in the naked in the middle of nowhere
no sound no money no nothing was did it
okay nudity achieved let's see what this
is all about adventure number two
complete it was cool I didn't have any
realizations like self realizations like
I wanted but it was cute unless you get
the salt water in your eyes then it's
not cute adventure number three rice I
got some questions for you he's scared
he's good look at you you scared look at
your face
alright let's go I have been friends
with this guy for about two years
and you know over that time I've always
had a few questions I wanted to ask you
so i'ma hook you up to a lie detector
and we're gonna find out the truth today
you ready okay first question that has
been on my mind you know
are you a maverick no you sure yeah okay
don't does that do I keep touching yes
or no
so if the laptop sense of outer skin
always move with a red let's just remain
calm we know this is serious I want to
know your real thoughts are you the best
rapper on YouTube yes you are
yeah okay we're gonna see if you truly
believe that Yes Doctor
na na oh you've got to get gotten this
next one is not a maverick
best rapper and what else okay here we
go
have you ever thought about applying for
team ten remember never never talking a
little bit number once again if this
says anything otherwise
maybe my fingers jammed from basketball
that might throw off something in the
college it's okay relax
why you so nervous you look sweaty would
you accept me inside clucking yeah dude
you are consistent and and you're funny
okay and you have a core two boys I'm
glad you would accept me but we're gonna
see if you win today not here
okay okay say you are cool with that
laughing and the guy said to me with my
eyes you are cool okay I've asked for
people this exact question two of them
said yes two of them said no so you got
to be a tiebreaker
am i manly yes
Oh forward everybody said yes actually
but two of them were liars we're gonna
get the results today once again if
there's any law that pops up I want to
tell you last question do you think I
could ever be a good rapper no but who
not the Who am I to tell you that I'm
just keeping it honest my opinion but
Who am I to tell you you know right yeah
I mean let you get at you you can still
go out and make a song I could what
would be good Who am I okay you ready
ready
first question my good friend are you a
maverick you said no and that's the
truth okay question number two are you
the best rapper on YouTube duh you said
yes
and that's it's the truth you really
think you're the best rapper on YouTube
I don't know why I think that but I do
have you ever thought about applying
14:10 you're like math and science says
true Wow you like it you
yeah I'm a truthful Tarr you'd angel
would you accept me in Klout gang you
say yes really you tell them the truth
yeah should I do it hey if you need a
room you feel me I just get a room
that's it that's it like grapes and you
have to get tattoo hundred back o'clock
there do you have they don't know look
at you lies am i manly you said yes it
says true are they alive okay this is
not about you okay last question do you
think that I could make it as a rapper
what room I said no you said no
and this says you told the truth are you
serious you don't have to be a wife I
could be a rapper if I wanted to
Who am I to tell you that you can't rap
I try to keep it 100
prove me wrong okay wow wow wow how can
someone tell you that your dreams would
never happen I want to be a rapper then
I can be a rapper who's here to tell me
that I can't be a rapper and then he
lied to my face about it
the disrespect I'm so conflicted I don't
know what to do because he said I have
to prove it which of course I don't have
to do but I can't stand by and let
somebody tell me that I can't do
something I want to do am i right most
are you but mom was back tomorrow and
you get to go back to mom's place which
is perfect because I need to get in
touch with my inner rap the one deep
down inside of me in my belly way yeah
thank you guys tomorrow's vlog on what
my next move is about to be should I be
the bigger man and not respond to
disrespect or should I go in on my own
let me know in the comments below that's
all I got for you guys thanks for coming
by today showing your support and kickin
it with me on today's adventure see you
tomorrow as always and until then don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you do any wrong okay bye
