hi Alex I was wondering if you want to
be my Valentines video yeah really
no you can be my video tutorial before
this tutorial starts your head some
Valentine will offer you a rose oh I got
this for oh thank you what you want to
do is take it and show him how much you
like flowers to encourage his good
behavior you want him to realize what a
sexy beast you are you want to let him
know that you want to smother your hot
sexy body all over against thank you
alright
since we got the out of the way let's
start this tutorial all right
preparation first you have to look
presentable for your Valentine you must
attack all his senses with your hot
stunning body instead of deodorant or
perfume you want to sense your armpits
with his favorite food normally chicken
wings work Pizza works but you know what
works best peanut butter so why do you
want to do this take this put this in
your armpits and make sure you ravish it
you label it and you smooth it out on
your armpits because guys love that all
right and if you want to go above and
beyond just spent your whole body with
all his favorite
all right we have pizzas up we have
waffles young chicken men love them all
all you gotta do now let's get an air
freshener and spray yourself to get the
exotic smell this way you smell good
you look good you taste good you feel
good and you sound good Hey works every
time
of course you and your Valentine should
be on a date this is the most critical
part of the day it's just that your man
is wanted and that you want to go on
dates forever so pick up lines will do
for this situation if I had a rose for
every time I thought of you I would have
a rose garden in my stomach oh you're so
cute I want to eat you up Oh oh my love
for you is like diarrhea I just can't
hold it in hmm do you have a band-aid
because I broke my leg falling for you
oh I hate men with facial hair Oh
well but it kind of wrecks on you I love
you
hey I just farted you want to get out of
here oh all right for the grand finale
choose a surefire way to get the man of
your dreams you want to wake him up with
his favorite food wakey-wakey CBN I made
your favorite
how'd you get in my house I have a key
get me that you want me to help clean up
no just leave get out I love you yeah a
fast hot sauce leave service
hey hey
