warning the following challenge is
considered a choking hazard and
dangerous we insist that no one attempt
this challenge unless you like
marshmallows hi today we are going to do
the chubby bunny challenge okay this is
what you do it put one of these in your
mouth and then you say chubby bunny and
then after that you put another one of
these in your mouth and you say chubby
bunny
until you can't say chubby bunny anymore
exactly warm up warm up we go one two
three chubby bunny
okay chubby bunny chubby bunny let's
take up up chubby bunny
all right Oh
that was fun
that's not fun that's boring I was
boring yeah you know what that means
what oh ah you like it you like this
upgrade it's really nice that's it yeah
that's a bunny that's it it's made of
bunnies it's not enough really not
enough you know what I do I think it's
time for a hobby we got it all size
okay bye on Twitter I forget to
subscribe what stopped me once - I know
I can't what it takes to be one of the
greats
so you can't bring me down the night cuz
I'm a good singer
and all these haters gonna hate me with
all of my anger
hey okay what is it
hey hi
