hi hi today we're gonna teach you how to
be a gentleman don't you need like a
girl for this video where we're gonna
find the girl in short notice
well really yeah how to be a gentleman
today we're gonna give you four lessons
on being a gentleman
lesson one you must never forget keep
your hands to yourself oh it's you stop
that sorry
what it's fine just keep your hands dear
oh stop that just get in here so we can
get this over with okay lesson two you
have to be polite at all times so roll
and uh you look very Oh Kay today hey
sweet cheeks you looking pretty sexy
yourself so how was your day oh it was
all right I woke up ate breakfast
dropped my breakfast protein shake and
after that I lifted weights and I
dragged my breath protein shake and I
would sear house hanging out you know as
always you know just drinking my lunch
protein shake and that's what it
happened by some miracle you needed a
sexy girl from a video fortunately I was
there as always and that's when your
beautiful face appeared no I'm here Oh
food ready aren't you gonna ask me how
my day was yeah how are you Dave hands
seemed lesson three a gentleman always
holds the door for a lady
last but not first lesson 4 in order to
be the ultimate gentleman you must
perform a flawless goodnight and seal
the deal well uh it was nice seeing you
wait what did you mean by seal of a deal
kiss her what no but I'll stop it I'm
done and I'm gonna have nightmares mmm
okay
I
sorry he fell down and he broke his back
it's okay he's okay
it's just playing of a girl back that I
once knew see your face on that bitch I
look I look at you
