I think that I thought of what to get
Lauren I'm gonna get her her very own
what it is what did we would it do da
it's time for me to head to my celebrity
basketball game and if you've been
watching the vlogs for a while you know
it gets kind of crazy the most points
I've ever scored in one of these games
is only eight points but I'm going for
12 tonight you guys believe in me I can
do it but first we got a problem I have
a few friends coming with me to watch my
basketball game and support and the
first one to arrive is this guy we got a
problem mr. London that's what it is no
no no what this problem is well you
don't you don't know no you're going to
support Alex rossabi oh yeah sure so
then what is this yeah but these are for
the basketball game Wow
rude right guppy rude to prepare for
basketball I need to be focused I need
to think
basketball only nothing else in my life
is stressing me out I gotta focus on
beastie be you do you know you're
getting born for Christmas
no no no I can't think about that right
now oh my god president getting it's so
stressful I always get lured bad
presents
- for my beautiful girlfriend
Morgan why aka chicken nuggets
Ã´he get you your president ready to
what
guess you're that I think it's at 18
points today that's right that's right
before this eight points of a high score
now there'll be 18 next time so this I
got so many points in the basketball
game I've made all the points in the
whoa wait come here I gotta tell you
something get into listening mode you
know what to do
I scored all those points for you bro
escort all the points for you remember
dad you my boy pound it thank you you're
dismissed
yeah you can go now toodaloo okay bye
now that that's complete my basketball
journey has come to an end for the day I
had to stress about what to get Lord for
Christmas
sure he got my present I don't know what
to do it doesn't even feel like
Christmas why is it time for Christmas
present I mean I love making more and
happy but getting presents is so
stressful
is it even Christmas time lose do we
believe this I don't believe it either
worthless no tell me that where is the
snow no snow equals no Christmas right
moose thumb right come on boy pop-up
okay hold on now you're gonna kick yeah
yeah where's the spell right where is
the snow Val you lay on your back bully
and I hold you like this you look good
bro ya look good who's positive these
who had the biggest paws in the world
who kind of biggest suppose world hey if
you can stop Sean Schwartz that'd be
greatly appreciated no more oh my god
just like it's just there's there's just
so many presents and trips that I've
gotten for her that is hard to top down
the next time something comes around
like an anniversary or Christmas or
Valentine's Day or her birthday it's so
much pressure
comment down below what we should do
whether I should get er should it be a
trip should it be something meaningful
and I gotta get a tattoo in January you
watch yesterday's vlog I have a set date
Aaron and I are getting matching tattoos
and there's Christmas then I gotta go to
my friends
wedding which you guys are coming to and
there's a little a bachelor party
surprise that I have for them next
weekend you won't find out what that is
welcome to the end of vlog talk I had a
very eventful day I'm a very stressful
day even during basketball I was trying
to figure out water on our lawn that's
not easy I don't know if I wanted to be
traveling show a ghost I don't know come
back tomorrow for a special vlog because
I'm gonna see if maybe one of these
groups on YouTube will adopt wasabi into
their team maybe as team ten maybe it's
cloudy maybe it's some other ones that
I'm not thinking of right now but I'm
gonna reach out to some of them and see
what it is what it'd be what I do
wait oh no my battery's about to die
don't forget if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong but I think that I
thought of what to get Lauren still
comment down below but I think I know
I'm gonna get her her very own
okay bye
