hey guys hey so we're here wasabi to
give a present to you
wasabi in because it's almost time for
the holidays so we decided to do here to
assist us our friends Michael and
Carissa right Alvarado
since Roy doesn't really know how to do
makeup we brought in Karissa a girl hey
to do makeup on Michael a guy yeah let's
do it come on
um first things first we got shaved
those beards so first we're gonna apply
foundation boy don't make me look bad I
don't have to go see is that what she's
doing yeah okay hey girl are you beaver
cuz damn
I want to be one of those girls you
wears too much makeup okay you want to
be that oh yeah
put it on me you're short a and you're
the short bra oh my patience I like that
nice elegant laughing boy so good
sounding all right you look I look
beautiful don't tell me I'm praying all
right now since we have the foundation
applied we're gonna add some what's this
called a shadow eyeshadow pink you put
that all over just a full eye the follow
the eye
i'lli'lli'll it oh this one looks cute
right this one
this color oh yes pink is your color the
darker colors you put in the crease so
you know how like that crease in your
eyelid you got to do it around that
crease Oh make it the crease I got the
crazy oh I see this yeah because like
this looks so good your eyes are like so
Roy what do you think of your work so
far oh so far so beautiful liquid
eyeliner yeah so are you sorry I start
usually start in the center and then
work your way out just make me sick
smell like a Pussycat Doll can i watch
no I feel I feel pretty how do you feel
Mike I want to go put my Oh see this way
it feels like to be a girl guys hey
goopy oh I think I like it
oh my god oh my god
dry it right woo I feel good oh hey guys
oh we're gonna add more sexy stuff the
eyelashes I'm scared about Jean work
great guys it's not even gonna hurt
close your eyes close your eyes oh oh
this is Jimmy way to go
and we're gonna be able to open my eyes
I don't know right now I'm on your life
- eyelashes so hot so the next step is
the mascara base so cool thing about
this mascara as this regular and
waterproof like what puts your gun
she's so goopy huh oh why - hey
you may be great Wow serious telogen
well then he look so beautiful shit
what's up guys next step we got them
blush from them cheeks in them faces
every day one technique that a lot of
people use though is the fish face and
it like like this so doesn't get it
turns on an enemy or swirl on top ah
swirl swirl except there yeah I felt
having good hands
you are yeah I feeling like a cake what
all right last step is lip liner and
lipstick put it on my nail I always know
I had easy lips prison for this oh that
means kids lips lipstick colors you guys
got I got red
I got P I got red hmm where's red you
guys have the same color yeah yeah I
guess yeah actually yeah now just fit
blasts oh you didn't do it remember so
laughing they do you spit on know how to
do this I am Club ready good I'm ready
for my close-up chilling man yeah I'm oh
girl oh girl adding that beauty and now
the moment y'all been waiting for the
final product
yeah
god you're good yeah but I think I could
do this this looks pretty easy I don't
even need a teacher actually this is
pretty hard yeah this is pretty easy
nah you know I I think I can do this
blindfolded no you can't um
you
