I'm gonna I'm gonna do it I'm trying to
find somebody to get a matching tattoo
with me but it's not as easy as you
would think cuz apparently tattoos are
permanent what it is would it be what it
doop dog
welcome back a boys and girls I got a
little something I gotta say last night
I went to sleep and I had a dream and in
my dream I got my first pet to ever and
I woke up and I was like oh man I
checked my body I didn't have a tattoo
and I was like oh good because I don't
want a tattoo but then I was thinking do
I do I want to tattoo but I don't want
to get a tattoo by myself that I feel
like that's something you share with
somebody else
you get matching tattoos or you just get
a tattoo at the same time so I gotta
find somebody that is down to get their
first tattoo with me I don't want to get
tattoo with somebody that already has a
tattoo because I want them to be equally
as scared as I'm gonna be hey you guys
have tattoos you want to get a tattoo
with me we can get father-son tattoos
come on let me so cute I'll get my face
on your butt can you get your face on my
place yeah no that's probably illegal
what if we got like a really small
matching tattoo no what if we get it
somewhere where nobody will see it
no no what if we get two chickens to let
the chicken tattoos
why don't you Suzie Suzie I have a
proposition for you
how about we rock the same tattoos play
me in my last video oh no real tattoos I
know to talk about now flashback what if
we what okay listen
ready you ready what if we get the
matching tattoos but we get them in our
own skin color so you can't see them and
we'll the only ones that know it's there
yeah but then it's not the bonding
experience is what it is yeah come on
man please before we go any further with
this adventure della my first tattoo let
me call the YouTube tattoo artists to
see if he's even available he's pretty
much the guy that you go to if you're a
youtuber and you want it to have to so
let me hit him up you let some in I have
a question for you real quick
so I'm trying to get my first tattoo
yeah and I need you I can't get nobody
else could tattoo me except for you you
know actually the only tattoo artist I
know but but that's not the only reason
it's cuz you're really good yeah what I
mean I could find somebody but but I got
Romeo Lacoste in my life why would I go
to anybody else
hey I'm about to what are you free is
the question after everybody gets back
from Christmas like early January I'll
do it oh okay I'm gonna I'm gonna do it
trying to find somebody to get a
matching tattoo with me but it's not as
easy as you would think because
apparently tattoos are permanent is that
true
well I'm still down I'll definitely do
it I promise
January oh now it's games fun we got the
appointments now I just need to find
somebody that's trying to get a magic
tattoo which a boy do you think I should
get a tattoo buddy
I know it's permanent and it's a big
decision
it would be tasteful okay no I'm not
gonna get a tattoo of kibble what oh who
would get a tattoo with me do you know
anybody well I already got a few tattoos
I need to get a tattoo with somebody
that's never had one before you know
what I mean
you're right I should just do what makes
me happy I enjoy these little talks with
you buddy you're a smart guy even though
you're only like seven months old you're
pretty smart you're pretty smart
God what ask my mom I'm a grown big boy
I don't need to ask my mom but I might
mention it to her and see what she
thinks maybe I'm sure she'll have no
problem with it what do you mean she
doesn't like tattoos she's been my mom
my whole life she's only been your
grandma for like seven months
day hello NLA I have a question though
what do you think about tattoos like how
small I can't get a big tattoo oh yeah
oh my I'm like I I don't know yet maybe
like my forehead okay
okay fine I'll think about it I talked
to moose and he said he wants me to get
a tattoo yeah moose said he thinks oh
look good
I'm gonna go not get a tattoo now I said
I'm gonna go not get one I've texted a
bunch of people I've made some calls and
I even went to go talk to some people in
person and nobody is down to get a
matching tattoo what about you guys
anybody in LA anybody in California area
want to get a matching tattoo with me
Debbie dill I'll pay for it we won't get
the same tattoo in the same place and
will be linked forever it'll be a bond
yo okay what what you're down you don't
you don't what why what's is your mind
guys no one else is gonna do with you
probably like you don't know that a lot
of friends does anybody think I do
nothing nobody wants to do it I am your
brother dying we gonna do it you and me
you know I already called Romeo I set up
the appointment early January first week
of January we gonna get it done we gonna
have matching tattoos boy you sure about
this yeah I mean I do it I'll do it but
I mean that's a it's stuck with your
body forever
it's not it could it's whatever it's not
gonna be that bad
come on okay did you just mom uh hello
we're two grown men we don't need to ask
our mom
but I did call her and she is not happy
about it so maybe keep it a little
secret between us until it until it
happens
oh no I'm not no no why what I'm gonna
tell her you guys don't tell her you
don't tell her you guys don't tell her
and we're gonna be Gucci welcome to the
end of walk talk through today's
discussions and conversations with my
life colleagues meaning the people in my
life we've come to a decision that Aaron
and I will be getting matching tattoos
hey why don't you guys get matching
tattoos I don't think it's bad for dogs
get tattoos great is it bad for dogs you
get tattoos so then it's just like
nothing yeah I've been on them forever
and oh hell no make sure to come back
tomorrow and find out if I won or lost
my celebrity charity basketball game and
comment down below where you think we
should get our tattoos we can tell
Suzanne to be small okay they be small
like what if what if we get like
eyeballs right here so if anybody ever
tries to attack us we could yeah and
nobody mess with us so you got a
basketball what somebody's about to
shoot are you put your hands up they're
gonna miss that shot because you have a
high balls in your armpits think about
it see you guys tomorrow as always until
then do me a favor don't forget to
remember that the tattoo is coming and
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong
