hi welcome to make up with Rolanda today
I'm gonna teach you how to look good for
your man ahh
step 1 alright Racing sprint middle of
luscious lips especially the big red
white self what I like to use I like to
use expensive brands such as sharp a
alright
make sure you white lipstick all around
your lips because it's really sexy right
mm-hmm quick tip the more lipstick you
have the more red it is the sexier you
are and the more the guys will be
drooling all over you right and sexy
girl work yet oh yeah
alright now since we have our beautiful
lipstick we need to clean all the
ickiness and gross this off of our face
of course alright I've learned that any
scrubbing equipment linen around will do
oh look what you have it alright you
want agility scrub your face in a
circular motion
keep gently I'm saying gently exfoliate
your face step 3
alright for this step we're gonna be
using the black sharp a it can be used
for an eyebrow an eyeliner and between
you and me a beauty mark
hey first rule of thumb guys love girls
with thick bushy eyebrow so make sure
you sexify them and make them darker
emphasize them because the guys will go
all over you and for that beauty mark
mixtures big because all the guys will
be attracted they're gonna come up see
and be like hey girl you have a fly in
your face and you're gonna be like oh no
that's my beauty mark and they're gonna
be like oh my gosh you're so hot I want
your body when you do your eyeliner make
sure you do it really delicately because
most guys go for girls with gorgeous
eyes but in my opinion I think
go for girls with nice bodies cuz I have
one of the sexiest buddies in the world
my lips and hips are so juicy
one more step all we need is syrup our
hair syrup makes her face really sweet
in the men love it of course so what you
want to do what you want to do is pour
all over your face like this like this
huh men will love you all right well
this concludes this episode of a makeup
with Rome what are you doing in here I
love you you're disgusting and that
syrup yeah just make it just for you I
love you too many times to hurry back
Richard oh my gosh you're smooth you
wrote everything get away from me
