no no what what I said wake up it's time
to film hey I feel how you feel how you
feel
last night I'll let the party get the
best of me get up or daughter Otto's
daughter ah but you need but God Julie
what you dream about I had a crazy dream
I had a wife and we're having a baby and
my wife was like we got it made a little
baby Mercedes but I was like nah oh nice
no not nice I want his name or if it's
not well if another one I'm not good at
it
Oh God what was that I'm just stretching
oh let's film later
yeah what's happening it's my mommy ello
ello ello ello mama's boy hi I love you
too mommy
hi bye all right mom made me breakfast
let's film so I can eat didn't you just
have a shirt on what oh dude we should
go get some fish fillet tell your mom
that you already ate
I don't do that don't do what no no no
really you never lied before are you
really trying to argue right now yeah
yeah all I want to do is go back to
sleep my head feels like their trap you
want me to wake you up unless you have
some magic way of waking me up it's not
gonna work all right check this out Abra
Cadabra dude nothing happened did it
work well I'm awake but I think that
needed apke ah never mind let's just get
this over with
yes
all right so so you just want to film
tomorrow
you forgot the camera didn't you
hell yeah huh okay bang I'm bikini mercy
your chick she so thirsty
i'ma let you see them but your girl she
tryna jerk me Lamborghini mercy
we're BBC man big black whoa brother's
body trophies hi brothers my choice up
big black ha ha ha so her big like shake
it is brothers by choice you know that
yeah
