no no I'm in trouble I'm in trouble I'm
in trouble I'm in trouble
would it be what he'd do Joe currently
at Lauren's apartment and she left about
an hour ago to go to Montreal for some
work stuff so that leaves me I thought
it was gonna hiccup in charge of the
Moosey bear that's way come on sir time
to wake up bro know what time it is
breakfast time
oh yeah if they're stretchy stretches
out the way gonna eat yes oh good yes
neck blah boo sit sit sit
stay you know mom's gonna watch this
vlog tomorrow - sure you're a good boy
okay okay okay
forgive me your food we gotta go to my
apartment guppy guess who's back it's
your brother MERS he's gonna be with us
all weekend Oh
oh my oh my oh my gosh hey hey hey you
guys are brothers suspects why I thought
I I want to play I want to play we have
made a big problem we have a problem mr.
candy corn he had a good run bro now be
nice cool moose come on come on I took
you for a walk you played with you
brother
you ate breakfast earlier it's that time
mom said you had to take your nap every
day at 1:00 p.m.
good boy who's good you're cray
come on sir nap time for the Moosey bear
yeah almost
oh it's so close every time I run
come on your ear till now then you go
good boy nap complete truce and get up
time to wake up for your sambar little
baby puppy slumber booze all right great
he's not in there you didn't let on you
know we are I took a nap and he's not
there what did I sleep really I got text
Lauren in a way that is clever and
inconspicuous so she doesn't think
anything's wrong
oh no I'm in trouble I'm in trouble I'm
in trouble I'm in trouble if you want
the dog the answer your phone
look
Selina
one game and then I'm outta here
better way to go a wager yep
what you mean a wager like to raise the
stakes or that way
play more serious okay what I would
wager I do like the idea of me taking
and keeping who's maybe Muslim stay here
for our sleepover you think that after
you broke into my house yep during my
slumber without my permission and took
my girlfriend's dog that I would even
think about agree to such terms okay but
don't tell Lori that's you get
that's right loose send them a message
no don't eat that okay now we have to
decide what do i get if i win i'll get
has to be equivalent to moose to moose
I'll give you some the chocolate that I
got from you
oh it's on point you suck rahhh you must
have fallen out of an algorithm I'd love
that
what first race Alex yeah thought this
wouldn't be hard but I guess moose is
safe no bone it came over is it
everybody who's on me and I hope you win
oh yeah what
because moose alright like you gotta
wake up in the morning a feet in you
gotta squeeze the poop out of him like a
toothpaste yeah yeah oh
you trying to get back in the race down
a third that believe on and forth oh my
god greenshell look with a sec oh hold
it first now get down from there oh my
god are you doing this you're too close
man get back are you doing this the
magic show with it hopefully magic
put me there cuz I got it second point
second race number two goes to you Polly
I really wasn't gonna see what just
happened
I really wish not for the scene what
just happened in there sorry about it
the level of cheating no cheating you
get down with murder staying with me
tonight buddy
no get used to your new home what still
nothing can't let it go down like this
move moms will be so mad if I lose oh
shoot oh no this is bad
oh I'm right behind you Alex and as a
blue shell come in race number three
completed by me what's a B for the win
the kidnapper is done I should have came
in first there's a lot of videos you
should have done why this game rate
right now
you always lose I don't know why are
supplying you every single time we
played you lose every single time we
play just fine everything I'm the best
oh yeah no other youtuber in the world
can defeat me oh yeah then include you
that includes Lauren that includes - eat
that includes anybody that's right
winner winner chicken dinner who's that
who's number one the number one what
does that say wasabi hope you learned
your lesson
we owe your brother's back I found him I
told you I'd find him loose loose hey
Luce Luce can get sit sit
keys hit me missed me me me me how about
we keep this between us okay guys you
know Lauren does not the know if she
asked to say it was a joke we're just
playing around cuz that's what that's
what families do right we're just
playing around hey hey don't put on you
button to hit okay just okay just to
remember Lauren does not need to know
now that moose has returned to me which
I technically
never be lost because you never left the
building right right come on start
thinking of excuses to give Lauren
you're brainstorming you're
brainstorming in there do you use one of
me oh my gosh oh no oh no it's lingering
lingering
Oh guppies right under you two moves not
cool
as I was saying now that moose is back
safe and sound let me chew with some
knowledge on tomorrow tomorrow I am
playing in a celebrity basketball game
with the Hollywood Knights we're playing
in California at Thousand Oaks High
School which is about an hour away from
me but I'm still gonna come play and
you're all welcome it's open to the
public come through I'm gonna try my
bare bare best to see everybody I can
but there's always hundreds of people
there and and I I'm not gonna be able to
meet everybody
but you come watch me play basketball
and support me and the Moose will not be
there but he'll be supporting me from
home Red Boy
am i right mo
so if you live near Thousand Oaks High
School in California come through and
see what it is comes to poor your boy
because it's going down into pie okay
move your face move your piece it's
gonna sleep good there any play you guys
I know right
this guy welcome to the end of blog talk
that's all I got for you guys today
come here come here come to father come
on come on oh oh look at your own I was
gonna be in so much trouble
make sure to come back tomorrow for more
moose and father adventures as always
see you then and until then do me favor
and don't forget to remember make sure
you don't tell Lauren what happened
today and if you're not smiling you do
when you're wrong
