so this is a stuffed banana we're going
to use for the two-man hi and see we're
gonna have spirits like invade the
banana so it can actually walk and find
us first we need to take out all the
cotton out of this banana and replace it
with rice oh man that's not cool ya can
if you want me put rice in this banana
good very good
I'm sewing the banana like Oh tape voila
oh it is alive it's a lie we had travel
lights yes we're gonna put this in the
bathtub and then we're gonna say your
names like hi my name is Roy three times
we're gonna be like okay you're it and
then we leave the bathroom turn off all
the lights and hide what's gonna happen
is this thing is gonna leave the
bathroom and try to find us so we're
gonna see if this is real or not
so there it is in the bathtub and so we
have to stir it in three time you're in
the camera to say your name no I can
hold the camera no I'm gonna die no you
won't die on stroke say your name this
is no but look I'm strongest so if it
attacks you I can stop it because it's
not attacking me you get it it makes
sense no you see I already handling this
to you let's just use a fake name dude
alright mmm
food you Jeremy okay Jerry's okay hi my
name is jerk hi my name is Jeremy hi
Givi we have to say tag you're it Your
Honor this fight know why I just said
this new culture tagger me let's go okay
do it that way come on okay okay oh
you're really going
huge dude no huh yeah no me neither
oh we gotta get out dude why are we
going back to sleep with a crime do we
gotta get out dude but you moved it okay
yeah my god
go man come on banana dude shit Jenny
are you doing I was passing by man so I
figured I'd come by take it back this
banana there's evil coming that's that
oh do you believe in this game now no
why there's no banana shut up did you
see that
no there's nothing there I don't see
anything you don't see this out nothing
you don't see that but there is no
I'm gonna turn the lights me right now
where's that there it is there it is
what are we gonna do what are we gonna
do feet just add it up go go go
get it get it right yeah yeah yeah
are these dead yeah dude it's not doing
that again
I want to see me too so what's the plan
down well one of us can go to sleep and
the other one keeps watch outside the
door okay so I guess I'm watching the
door then I'm gonna go to sleep
okay okay I'll keep you safe keep me
safe
stupid gay
