right look like it you what whoa you
gotta show me how to do that
we'll come on okay today I'm gonna teach
you how to the lied yeah
step one dress swaggerific how do you
dress swaggerific yeah yeah yeah like
this how'd you do that just like go do
this I just showed you
whoa-oh
step two let's do this
listen you wanna learn teach me how to
glide I yeah huh you wanna learn yay
I'll teach you how to glide I'm so fired
that ain't no glitches on my slide all
you need to foil is flat like my eyes
and as for you you you just follow us a
glad place your feet down low just side
to side lift one heel up while you slide
ha yeah this time
now put your heel down as you lift one
up aside I go by Alex then I caught us
one I gotta okay I'm from this right
here the Bull City slide turn your feet
sideways then let it ride and there you
have it you just learn how to do this
slide that just repeat it and go in so
I'll take Bob I'll even hate but make
sure it's bait gliding on the street
while other cars breathe make sure you
do it right just on the body now it's
your turn I'll make sure all our girls
are not ahead teach me how the blood
takes me teach me how to glide teach me
how to glide teach me teach me how to
glide don't be so soppy please don't be
so soppy don't be so soppy all you gotta
do is copy teach me how to blood teach
me teach me how to drive teach me how to
glide teach me teach me how to glide
don't be so sloppy please don't be so
sloppy don't be so sloppy all you gotta
do is stop my name is wrong well you
scrubs you don't know me I is from the
east and I'm learning out of gladdy a
lip on heal up as I slide one behind me
I lift the other up then I slide it up a
sidey I hear Alex screaming oh you can
do it in my Hill sideways and I got it
real slow I'm like did I do it I can
glide it on the floor and I hear Alex
just like glad some more I'm like okay
only too glad with me bro best friend
let us glide to this don't beat real
sweet dance I just learned how to do
that so let's keep dancin till the Sun
is no more teach me how to glide teach
me teach me how to drive kiss me out of
light teach me teach me how to glide
ain't being sloppy no I ain't being
sloppy
I've been sloppy now nobody can stop me
listen you wanna learn teach me how to
glide I yeah
oh yeah there you go
I'm do oh it's like kinda like the
monkey like uh like this what a good job
I love you okay
