yeah bad news and good news bad news
yeah we're about to delete most of our
videos like never sent you to because of
YouTube we hate them but without them I
just jammed on simultaneously
no Joe it's the copyright rules we can't
have all these music and it's in most of
our videos we didn't know that basically
we want to be partnered on YouTube and
the only way we could do that is to
delete all of our videos that include
like music from other people which is
like all of it all of our vigor all what
is it going okay the good news is we're
going to make videos about our Andrew
here so don't be sad guys this every
great sacrifice comes a great better
thing no pain no gain
Gucci one but hey oh yeah good news all
the videos that we do eat we're going to
post it on our other side youtube.com
slash wasabi production so check it out
over there oh well it will not be gone
forever
you can still see it look this continue
to support us and we'll make more videos
for you
mm-hmm because we love you there's a
shower scene in the new video just say
just look out for our future videos cuz
we're back okay alright bye
