hey guys as you guys know this one
youtuber his name is Nigel I go he's
clearly the number one most subscribed
youtuber on the youtubes in the planet
on the world yeah he's number one with
over we think about over there's a lot
you want to be as famous as he is do you
do you we know we know we do we know his
secret we know the methods and we're
about to teach you guys is why man in
order to be like no go go go you have to
dress like Naga hiya there's one thing
you need to know before becoming like
Nick ahadith
you have to be squinty eyed and you got
to live in one of those Islands it
doesn't matter where Hawaii Japanese
Canadia Mexico the Philippines Japanese
you just got to live in those islands
alright the next thing you gotta know is
you gotta move your eyebrows a lot you
gotta move - smooth em doesn't matter
you can make them scrunchy like this
scrunch your eyes spread you guys and
then hand gestures doesn't that even
make sense doesn't you have to go with
what you're saying you need to do
whatever you want and then uh you know
it just works it's funny alright the
next thing you gotta know if you want to
be a famous youtuber you have to do the
spinny head turning angles shots that's
the scientific name for we didn't just
make it up first we're going to go left
and then sometimes if you want to switch
it up or you go right or left or right
or left or right or left now break it
down
there's one thing you need to have in
order to be like negative
it's called unusual number of dudes
indicating emotions syndrome wait undies
also call it undies that makes no sense
why don't you just say multiple
personality syndrome that's true whoa we
don't have to make sense cuz we're
nigahiga okay I guess for your undies
the first deed you're going to want to
have is a girl hey baby
you also need a gangster yeah and lastly
but not finally you need an Asian guy
another thing you gotta know is you got
a scream you got a scream loudly you got
scream softly it's like a whisper scream
scream whisper low pitch high pitch I
don't know here we go
alright guys the video all right we'll
see you oh hey now break it down
Hey
