dude did you see a waitress she was hot
dude joyous TT but she was hot oh she's
high she was so hot if you don't hit me
son okay cheers Cheers what are you
doing here
how'd you get in well since you're here
you get to work out with us
what sabi style alright so for all you
fat eats up a dinner we're gonna break
it down into four sections the stretch
the upper body the lower body and the
middle body side
yeah alright son before every great
workout comes a really great stretch
this stretch stretches your clavicle all
the way down to your Pythagorean theorem
sir hmmm alright so for this first
stretch
mr. Roy is gonna demonstrate this one's
called mamacita you ain't got nothing on
this food alright this is one of the
manliest moves we have in the program
first you gotta go down get that
mamacita booty going and then you get a
stretch you're going stretch it yes yes
and then on the last move you have to
turn and smile okay this next stretch is
demonstrated by mr. Attucks this stretch
is called I couldn't think of anything
all right so you got to get on the floor
and make a noise yeah that noise do it
again all right another angle now okay
let's go in slow motion oh yeah all
right now about the workout the upper
bye
all right so for our your Fannie's that
wanna have five bodies follow these
three easy steps all right this first
step works up your femur it's called I -
quack
so don't duck with me all right for this
one we're gonna push up back and clap
your hands that's right another angle
that's right keep quacking our this one
works out you have a cool it's called
I'm a real boy but this is gonna have an
encouraging friend nearby while you're
doing upside-down push-ups oh do you do
you should you should clap your hands in
the air
Oh like clap your hands like I did but
do it upside down okay yeah you can
let's grab it
no man no it's good man okay so
that's right hey stupid
I just left stuff for your upper body
work setting your esophagus
it's called mom's coming you might want
to buy some extra shades nice nice
all right just do these upper body
workouts for about nine hundred
seventy-five seconds and you should be
good good but right now we're gonna work
out my lower body yeah all right these
next four steps I put a lullaby I won't
tell your medulla oblongata all right
it's called give me some Krabby Patties
that's what fraps
for this exercise you're running to the
side you're running to side working your
legs working your legs pinch the air yep
yeah I'll get some forearm workout and
then good job yeah the second step works
out me trapezoid it's called I'll kick
your ass Thanks so this is the test of
your ability to quack remember the
louder you quack the stronger you get so
you guys better quack with pride yeah
that's right all right this next step
works out your upper calves and it's
called I just robbed the bank so I gotta
hop this pin all right so when you're
coming up to the fence hit the quack the
maximum height then you walk away but
then sometimes there's cops on that side
too so you go back and you fuck and then
you run that way all right this last
step or something sighs it's called
alright this exercise is pretty simple
you sit down you spin around and say we
until you get dizzy oh okay oh I have
this fun since I like the kid Merle
who's going over all those guns let's go
on boy eye shadow want this one part 4
in the middle section and this one works
out your uterus uterus that's right all
right this month
this one's fault nom-nom-nom-nom-nom all
right so it's one guy years we're going
to show you what to eat where and how
first get some frozen chicken right you
sit by a wall crisscross applesauce take
a bite of that it's awesome and it
tastes delicious and then wash it down
with some wasabi protein 100% protein
Yogi's for weeks
suck doodle we know you can do it after
all that work all that work you should
be ripped for one whole day but if you
drink this protein shake
you'll be ripped for one and a half day
haha see tomorrow
I can't
