okay guys I decided I'm just gonna show
you I can't I got shot somebody okay we
to one what it is would it be what it do
Joe I think I figured it out I think I
know how to get abs faster and that is
to cut my hair because there's too much
hair on the sides it's too heavy I can't
work out it's hard so I need a haircut
and then guppies coming home oh okay I
got a little crazy guys I did something
to my hair that I've never done before
in my life I'm not going to show you
guys right now but I'll show you I'll
show you I got muster up the courage
I'll show you in a little bit okay go
sign the store real quick
grab a hat boom nobody knows what has
gone down I told you I can show you it
to later no muss guess who's home not me
your brother
what's each other so long if you didn't
know Cuffy just got back from training
school you went for two weeks something
super smart now at the same school that
moose went to top of his fives top of
his class
no way oh my gosh hey you guys you're
reunited and now all the Guppies
training is about to go down the pooper
must be a good one
they're just excited he's just excited
to see his brother hey cookie
I haven't seen you in so long Kaffee
it's been two weeks the longest two
weeks of my life
guppy has had a long two weeks of puppy
class so we gonna let him take a little
nap and you want me gonna go for a
little walk a walk it'd make the team
goose very good you're free run don't
smell poop look at all this grass no no
boo
grass you grass the new haircuts that I
have under this hat it's not too crazy
but it's kind of under crazy for me cuz
my whole life I've never done this but
I've always wanted to but I was scared
but it was like irrational fear I
shouldn't have been scared but it
happens okay I got somebody okay guys I
decided I'm just gonna show you I can't
I got show somebody okay three two one
yeah I did it's weird do you think you
don't like it I knew you weren't gonna
like it you don't like it look at your
face no you don't like it
none us yeah I'm gonna FaceTime her in a
little bit but first I got to get my
workout in it's like a beat you in that
app contest boy
guys I just gave away seven hats on a
live stream that's what I did that's
what just happened and I even guessed it
a few of you so we got to talk person in
person in front of all the wasabi as it
was on the dope dope at the end of the
stream it's at a hundred and ten
thousand people showed up to talk for
like 20 minutes or 30 minutes it was
dope let me know if I should do some
more I'm gonna do some more actually
I'll let you know when I'm gonna do some
more and it's gonna be on that soon soul
and I showed a little sneak peek of my
haircut the live stream actually stays
up for 24 hours so if you want to go
watch it if you had to go to sleep cuz
you're on the other side of the world
and you missed it you can still go watch
it and enjoy all the little adventures
we had together should I just show it
should I just show them the haircut yeah
no I'm good shot Lauren okay I'm gonna
pay somebody I'm just gonna I'm gonna
FaceTime Lauren okay yeah
hi okay I'm going to show you ready okay
it's inside me it says wasabi stop it
neither it's wasabi ah you're a wonder
woman no man it says that it's supposed
to last the haircut supposed to last for
like a week and a half to two weeks I
like it you know moose likes me my
shoelaces
okay bye thank you forever for making my
night sad okay Wonder Woman out I think
it's finally time
I show you guys the design on my head
it's not one or woman okay it is not
Wonder Woman
let me get a comb let me get it calm
don't look don't look if you watch the
live stream I just didn't scream you saw
this so far but have you seen the back
here we go
what side
oh yeah hey can't I see it
I can't I haven't even seen oh hold on
oh that's one woman no I
oh my gosh everyone's gonna think I
super love Justice League right now oh
my oh well that's wasabi okay it's
wasabi Wow
I said put a W and do whatever design he
wanted and he definitely he got jokes
the guy got jokes well I take these
clowns to the dog park let me hit you
with the end of block talk that's all we
got for today congratulations to all the
winners of all seven hats I'm gonna be
doing more Instagram giveaways on the
livestream because there's a lot of fun
talking to you guys a lot of fun chillin
Kobe is like my new haircut don't laugh
if you saw it and you left then just
know you hurt my feelings
see you guys tomorrow as always and
until then thank you for supporting me
on my workout journey
day number two in the bag we got one
more tomorrow and another one next day
and the other one next day and then
every day forever and always
but don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it
