yo I have another special guest with us
oh okay we're back to instructional
video of you this is how you fight if
somebody's trying to beat you up bad and
Lopez is gonna be the mugger the mug
dealer fight you right for this let's go
let's go all right this is the first one
we call this one kick kick punch
extravaganza this one somebody's gonna
like somebody might come up to you you
might walk up to you
they don't want some candy they don't
really want candy okay don't listen to
them it's not okay with this you kick
then you kick they punch at the yellow
just like that video hey this next move
is called the circumference punch all
you gotta do is clap your hands
circumference 360 degrees here we go
it's third one it's called shimmy shimmy
blades of fury
here we go this one is shimmy shimmy
shimmy shimmy shimmy hit him with your
shoulder hit him in the face hi guys
this one's called the random Asian
uppercut all you gotta do is find an
Asian let them dump down don't let don't
let the mugger see it and then when the
time comes let them go this one this
one's call it
let's call the ball this one's called
the arm-wrestle ah Roy you look like a
little boy when you play with your toy
yo Lopez what's up you look like a skull
every single day I got a big bunker ball
yo you're so skinny you look like a
Twinkie yeah yo yo check it
listen yo you so ugly you look like a
duck this video is a horrible sucks so
basically this is the end of the video
guys I mean we showed you how to deal
with people mugging you we just want you
to have a safe holiday that's all let's
be safe take this video and learn from
it so I'm Roy goodbye
right can we go back to Marie Lopez now
no my young
