and normal out bend over on what it is
would it be what it duped Oh moose wake
up it's time to start the day come on
let's go let's go father and son
advantage this week you me it's gonna be
some fun me a moose doing stuff and
playing around and mostly just running
in circles
hello and welcome to today's blog
featuring moose today we're gonna talk
about Aaron and how he made a contest
called Beckett has a contest and he
roped Swansea and I in and now we're in
a contest and it's about who can get the
best ABS but that has no ABS and I don't
know is a gift though are they on Amazon
that means I have to find the gym and
workout in it are you coming ok you
don't you don't work out you don't know
I have no ABS but do you have abs were
you out right now you see that you got a
month but we got two and this is trying
to flex is pushing up oh yeah okay well
we got work to do next time loose asleep
EDP come on you gotta listen to your
father
nap time go go go you now you nap
I can I can stand here as long as you
can so you play this all day whose nap
go in there hey nap time mousse okay you
win this round buddy
oh okay no now you just tease me what
you know it's a bunch of lighting okay
it's all about lighting look see nothing
but if I turn the overhead light on and
close the curtain let's see what happens
there we go now we're at smocking we
zoom in a little bit
zooms
zoom zoom zoom bow now I kind of know
the thing about the jam is it easy this
stuff
pick it up have yourself pulling on
heavy stuff lifting heavy stuff
easy the hard part is that guy those
treadmills are their cardio is the worst
and diet is the worst
I hate dieting but dieting is 80% of
getting in shape so you can work out as
much as you want or you're not gonna get
rid of the fat let's change your diet
mostly sugar but that love sugar
workout complete and this is what I look
like for reference so forests are doing
all this different workouts okay look
this is normal
see comes out further in my chest that's
bad gonna do various songs and if I look
in it looks okay then I'll push out oh
no
and that's not all what regular push out
bend over will you are you are not
invited to the party we got a lot of
work to do guys by we I mean I'll do the
work in you do the supporting work out
number two
tomorrow when you do it you can move
come on let's go
follow me no leave Ron Ron oh no and
leave Ron Ron de londres I know I gotta
go Karma's
gotcha so big yeah I know
and go in there no come on bro bro code
let him be bro let's go his mind that's
my shrimp
now I'm tired is when you look Jim if
for some reason some unforeseen reason
you did not watch the vlog yesterday
which I'm pretty sure you did but pretty
sure in my brain that you did you watch
the vlog right then you don't know that
tonight five hours after this vlog comes
out at 8 p.m. Pacific Standard Time
that's California time I will be doing
my very very very first live stream on
Instagram and I'm giving away seven
never-before-seen well you saw
yesterday's vlog which you're at right
wasabi hats and designs that didn't make
it to production I'm gonna be giving
them away live so don't be late I'm
gonna give one as soon as it starts and
I'll give the rest whenever I feel like
it while I'm answering some of my
audience questions that's right surprise
surprise
run ROM it for me wow I had no idea I
was just gonna shrivel up in my room all
day
um as the first person writing in over a
year
here we go
put some bacon there I hope Brussels
sprouts
well they don't love you oh here are the
hats that will be going away live to new
owners to thank Erina Veronica for a
surprise making me food I'm going to
give Erin one hat to give away on his
channel and it is the blue W meant to
thank you here we go get to thank you
for making me dinner I'm going to give
Erin the one of a kind blue mesh Alex
thought he had to give away on your
channel lays there on stood yes
nope just wait wait wait wait wait yeah
yeah that's four days okay I got I got
one for you this is the only other pink
hat than the wasabi hat this is the Alex
of sabe pink hat yeah you like it are
you gonna keep it
oh well you can or you can give them
both away on Aaron's job very like the
two favorite ones that I never made it
to never made it to production No
hold on oh my gosh here we go again you
guys can keep those hats and you can
give away these two one-of-a-kind
never-before-seen Alex's avi hats
Misun is the only silver one this is
gold on all the other hats yeah and this
one's camo with light blue NW okay you
got to pick two to give away and to the
Qatar one to keep hey hey hey these guys
am I right moose so not only do you have
seven chances to win on tonight's
Instagram livestream now you have two
more chances to win on Aaron's channel
youtube.com slash lazy Ron Studios and
good good good luck to the end of vlog
talk let me hit you with an update real
quick as you know I play in a charity
celebrity basketball league named
Hollywood Knights we play all over
California and sometimes I have to drive
like two hours just made to the game but
this one's gonna be on that closed
closed on December 9th my brother and I
will be playing high school I'm not sure
of the time we play or how much the
tickets are but I'm gonna hit you with
dad in an upcoming vlog so be there I I
probably won't be able to meet everybody
because there's always a ton of people
and limited time but I'm going to try my
best
see you guys later and I on Instagram
where we're gonna be live and we're
gonna be chilling and I'm about to give
away a bunch of hats and until then do
me a favor do not forget to remember if
you're not smiling you're doing it wrong
