and if we ever ever step into that ring
together I guarantee by second round you
will be facedown on the canvas
what it is would it be what it dude Oh
guys guys guys by my title you can see
that this video is gonna be in response
to chaos eyes video talking about the
opponent's talk about the challengers
that have stepped up in the YouTube
world to go against him in the second
youtube boxing match ever first of all
what does this guy think he is I'm tired
of people automatically thinking I'm
soft
I am always always always underestimated
always my whole life
seriously though just because I have the
voice of a cartoon character and I have
the delicate facial features of a
newborn infant I've never been able to
be seen as the strong hero type I've
always been more of like the cute funny
comic relief sidekick type but that's
just not me I have the heart of a lie I
have the stomach of a tiger of a
bottlenose dolphin and I got the
fighting instincts of Sandy Cheeks that
being said let's get to the video I am
reacting to I've seen a lot of tweets
about this but I haven't actually
watched it yet but I got an idea of
what's about to go down roll the tape
first challenger Alex wasabi
oh wow
Wow yeah that's all I gotta say for that
he didn't even respond to me he just
lacked he doesn't take me seriously he
just laughed at me there was no response
there was no comments there's no witty
remarks just laughter well my boy I'm
here to tell you that I'm used to that
I am the underdog I've been playing that
role my whole life I've been typecast as
the underdog for as long as I can
remember but you don't know me bro you
don't know about my athleticism you
don't know how fit I be you don't know
about the speed that I possess okay look
okay si I know you're watching this
video so let me tell you something if
you take where you started from
it's not changing the cage one's got
weight well versus where I'm stirring
every single person in the world would
pick me over you I would be the obvious
choice give me time to train and I would
far surpass where you're at right now
you're nothing you can't keep calling
yourself the champ after one battle one
match with somebody who is lighter than
you're shorter than you and had a huge
reach disadvantage those are the top
three things you need a boxing that's it
people are saying well Manny Pacquiao or
Floyd Mayweather
they fought people bigger than them yeah
because they fought a million times they
didn't just fight once I started this
workout journey before this whole boxing
thing came into my life on February 6 I
gave myself the deadline of June 6 On
June 6 imma be a monster bro we are a
match on your height I got a longer
reach than you I'm starting from nothing
just like you did I have no boxing
training and another advantage look at
these hands these hands are huge you do
not want these bony huge hands in your
face look at the knuckles look at these
are fighting knuckles trust me you do
not want none of this I don't know how
to use these yet but I will I will que
si you remind me of every boy I've ever
met
every bullying I've ever seen in a movie
or a TV show laughing at the people you
think are beneath you thinking you're
superior to everybody so somebody has to
take you down I don't live in some
fantasy world I live in reality and I
know by looking at the pole that you're
probably gonna end up going against Adam
so I don't know Adam but it's for some
reason you somehow by miracle beat him
with a lucky punch or a Goethe decision
or some
crazy happens and you end up winning
just know I got next right now you might
be laughing you might be like okay
whatever but just wait June 6 you will
be afraid you will be happy that I
wasn't the one to step in that ring and
if we ever ever step into that ring
together I guarantee by 2nd round you'll
be face down on the campus that's all I
got for you guys today I'm not talking
about this again I'm just gonna let my
actions and the hard work speak for
themselves
that's it we're going back to the
positive blogs but going back to the
non-confrontational blog we're going
back to the inspirational hobby you know
and love that you have been with for the
last 12 years on YouTube see you guys
tomorrow on the next vlog and until then
do me a favor don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong okay bye
