what if I can't handle them by myself
what if he hates me what if he thinks
what it is would it be what a cute dog
you know what I've been thinking I feel
like we don't hang out enough we only
see each other once a day every day oh
my gosh the TV turned out myself
so tomorrow at 8 p.m. I will be doing a
Instagram livestream my very first
Instagram livestream I don't know what's
gonna happen I don't know if we're gonna
play a game I don't know if we just want
to talk I don't know if I'm just gonna
have to questions but be there I'm gonna
see you and we're gonna hang out a
little bit
duh for now Lauren and moose are coming
over and Lauren's going on a
snowboarding trip with her girlfriends
meaning Papa Alex needs step up all
weekend I am babysitting news father and
son just mean him yeah he's being a
canvas come on P so much and I have to
clean it up cuz Lauren's leaving me to
go hang out
nobody loves me you know what okay and
it's you and me this weekend okay
is it cool we're gonna have two
father-son bonding time wait you and me
bro
you and me ah that's a pic of his poops
yeah clean up his piece of mrs. feedom
sleep it took a minute it's a lullaby
that's good I got show you a very
important life skill this is the laundry
machine now if you remember last week I
taught you how to use the washer now I'm
gonna teach you how to use the dryer
okay all right pay attention bro pay
attention look take the clothes from the
washer they're gonna be wet don't worry
don't freak out if you didn't know that
you put them in the dry air no you don't
eat the laundry no no laundry is not no
it's not for eating once you get it all
in there I'll show you what to do next -
look look look look moves
I'm just trying mad I'm the next thing
you want to do is check the link
dispenser thingy okay
kids these days gadzooks would you look
at that go home all right
put that back
yeah like so you put a fabric softener
to make things smell good and for me and
then you press oh go go and that's how
you do it sign their mouths
track speed you important life lesson
we're doing naaku gosh darn it Lauren
doing the laundry is not enough I need
to do more to prepare for this weekend
oh by myself I need to be stronger what
if I had to protect him one day you can
protect you we're trying to protect him
from like bad decisions we drink a lot
of bad decision I know I have to be
strong enough and prepared for that day
so I think I'm gonna have to shoot some
bows with arrows wait arrows with bows
it's time to play yeah yet Scoob Lauren
tends to fall asleep and a lot of places
I like to put things in her vicinity she
snuggles it it's a game I made up called
again yet let's see okay
lose-lose continue do just this once
see moose you're right in the way anyway
let's see what happens
on the other phone does not negate nano
let's see there's my phone Steve you
okay but already here Sneaky's such
occasion sneakier giant doll doesn't you
know wait wait wait giant illest nigga
 this my person
that's niggaz well that's all I got for
you guys today thank you for joining us
for this round of can its oh yeah
brought to you by society who's a good
boy you're a good boy
you're a good boy you're a good boy good
boy good boy you're a good boy
don't chick a bit you don't like a bit
you but you bit your way no no no yeah
yeah yeah okay moose now take yourself
to bed you know it's past your bedtime
come on go to bed sir get in there good
boy
goodbye the mommy forever oh you too -
charlie bang good I miss what if I can't
handle them by myself doggy with you
what if he hates me
what if he thinks thank you no thank you
no thank you Oh blue is that your physio
Beth I have one more thing to tell them
before the end of all talk of their back
before I go to sleep mmm let me hit you
with a little bit not to celebrate my
first ever Instagram livestream write to
you I am
only gonna be doing it the Q&A I'm not
only gonna be there chillin with you
guys all up in your faces I want to give
aways for you to remember when I told
you guys that to come out with the
perfect Mesabi merch I have to go
through a bunch of trial and error
situation that means I get like ten hats
I picked two of them to put in the store
as the new hats but I have eight other
ones that nobody's ever even seen before
but I'm gonna show you right now there
we go
oh oh let me hit you with a little bit
of bone hey look at that Wow Wow that's
good closer look at these Ben please
first up a dad hat with the giant aw
yellow-orange I thought it looked dope
but it wasn't dope enough for the store
so this is the one-of-a-kind only one in
existence say you got the pink with the
yellow outline that's on that dog no he
got the pink with the white at the aw
camo get the nice maybe I'm willing this
one is that me Evie or black I don't
know and the two large aw beanies look
at that bow bow bow bow bow these are
all one-of-a-kind I'm giving them out at
my Instagram tomorrow at 8 p.m.
see you Dan okay I'm back welcome to the
end of blog talk don't forget to
remember to follow me on this room
because I will be doing my first
Instagram live hangout ever and it's
probably gonna be like 20 minutes long
or 30 minutes long but if you're there
you're there and that'd be dope cuz we
can chill and I can answer your
questions I can do whatever else people
do on Instagram life what do people do I
you should do Q&A I might not be good at
it maybe yes we'll all find out together
and don't forget to comment down below
for the Hat if you want it if you got it
if you need it can you uh get rid of
them please hey I hope you one day
actually put your own face that's never
gonna happen cuz I'm not stupid that's
all I got for you today see you tomorrow
I know I've been slacking on the flowers
but hey hey I ate a lot of turkey and
it's just not wearing off okay chill we
going hard in it one more time again
tomorrow until then don't bring to
remember if you're not smiling to my bro
what you're doing you don't
wrong okay bye
