three two one go what it is would it be
what it do doh
as you know I am the lie detector
youtuber I have my detective my
girlfriend I have my second low and Paul
I'm my detective Lily a lie detector JC
and can but now it's time it's a lie
detector my flesh and blood
lazy Ron Studio anybody ask you see what
you what you what you thinking on on on
some stuff for questions you guys do
anything too serious I thought that good
good you're not doing any serious
questions yeah just for funsies okay and
so it begins
first question for you are you my real
brother
yes okay solutely your first question
hey Yui I never know I don't know you
who is you
what's your name is erased your first
question man you hate myself that I'm
scared why hey son why he's not scared
when I ask that question you're like you
know question number two you my better
at basketball no you think you're better
basketball at me I know I'm better than
the best for you I don't think that you
truly believe that in your heart and
this is gonna tell the truth
everybody we don't find the truth to do
basketball swish swish swish swish swish
me mmm
oh this one's a doozy if you had the
very last piece of candy in the entire
universe and I didn't know about it
would you give it all the rain no last
piece of candy in the world are gonna
eat it as soon as you see it you
wouldn't if they would mmm I'll give you
the wrapper you can look it that's where
someone I'd really probably eat the
wrapper so I couldn't look it I would
eat throughout the whole thing have you
ever thought any of my girlfriends were
cute wait let me list them out Morgan
Vanessa Megan with many weeks
who's Megan thank you
wait and then there's uh Shanna Daniella
Lauren has it true I can't say no do you
think my girlfriends are cute I did not
say that you have no proof of me saying
that is my show at all
Alex stop don't she's scary it moose
that happiness team got me all the way
oh are you stronger than me yes you know
that on your channel we just did a lie
detector on your little brother which is
me and we arm wrestle and I beat you
rematch
I get to stay in this time okay are you
strong at me 100%
final question for you my man hey and
why I love you
no that's not the question am i manly
hmm doesn't know what you say to go find
the truth hmm
you can be yes or no no I don't think
you believe that you're a betting man so
manly man is that a new chest area yeah
it is there never hair is that majestic
and the test is complete you may take
off the lie-detector test
all the way about to find out today the
truth is about to come out to day first
year are you my real brother
you said yes and that's true they're all
gonna be truth I don't lie oh you lie am
I better in basketball you said no
that's true I know my skills you know
I'm better if you had the last piece of
candy left in the universe and I didn't
know about it would you give it all to
me
nope you said no yeah says it's a lie
it's natural instinct you have to
protect the younger a member of the
family
I say you would be like here eat it I
think I'm too nice yeah I probably I
probably would see yeah yeah my heart's
too big oh oh you not ready
have you ever thought any of my
ex-girlfriends were cute nope he said
nope what'd you say nope no and that's
the truth
I'm gonna tell my stomach - Alex you see
that's so bad I'm sorry Lauren do you
think I'm manly you said no science says
true undetermined I think I have faith
in you no I think that your mind knows
of my manliness it can sense it but your
heart's like not not oh and last
question
Wow Wow Wow do you think you're stronger
than me use it guessing something she
says it's true because I am okay we're
gonna find out right now it scared you
all scared you're a little scary I think
you scared a little bit and put a glow
on what does I have a cotton finger you
keep pointing up you doing it oh my gosh
say cheese ready wait wait oh wait you
kidding he's a cheater pumpkin eater
here we go wait you gotta stop bullet
you got it I don't know
you know they gotta be this way I can't
be this way make sure there's no air
between three to one that's not for you
guys today
make sure to subscribe go check out his
challenge they will get on his channel
of himmel's in his or muslin to me so
you can see it happen two times and I'll
see you tomorrow all wait this Nintendo
switch winners imma put your names right
here congratulations to the three
Nintendo switch winners I already spit
them out and I already message you about
it so you know so in the way all dip see
you guys tomorrow
as always and it's he'll then do me a
favor and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
