if your father the body the body what it
is would it be what it do Davos it's
time to go bye-bye now go back to LA he
can't stay here forever North Carolina
is not your home la it's where you but
know how awesome will you donate these
stairs
come on oh yeah all yeah all day these
stairs got nothing almost booze let's go
okay to the airport are you guys to here
okay come on come on come on bye dad see
buddy booth
okay he'll be back we'll all be back in
two weeks okay let's go oh my gosh I can
see your brain moose question why do you
want the exact same thing as me Isis Abu
black Duggars Oh camo right oh this is
my airport outfit you were not wearing
this in the way here oh okay
you have to copy me down to the shoe low
real low real heavy best first yeah
black socks on no way oh my god she's
copying me mouths she's basically
stealing my fashion okay let's do this
Oh whoo back in LA once I get I love
going home for the holidays I love
seeing my family once you've grown
accustomed to your bed and you're away
from your bed for long enough you want
to start missing you're a bit and I laid
in my bed this afternoon and I was like
I'm about to go night-night I slept for
three hours or hours
yes or I slept for some hours when I
woke up there was one thought that hit
my brain that I forgot about you know
what it is don't think I want to tell
you got to tell you no it's not you but
it's close CTS dropped a new music video
and since I became a fanboy of BTS there
has not been a music I still got to
learn all their names but there's seven
of them is Taeyang still enthusiast okay
I can't answer questions give me about a
couple weeks and I got you but we need
to watch this on the now now but first
let me hit you with some knowledge I am
in the biggest debate of my life I don't
know what to do I just don't know I
can't make everybody happy my goal is to
make the world happy and I can't make
everybody happy my heart is torn I don't
know what to do I need your help
team guppy team knows I don't know which
one to pick
guppy was here first and he's been in my
life longer but moose is my son
guppies more like my nephew science so I
don't know what to do
moose is stronger Luffy is more
emotionally sensitive so I feel like if
I picked moose he'll be like Oh dope
that's cool bit tight facts all day but
if I pick guppy huh bag oh my God thank
you so much but on the other hand if I
pick moose some people be destroyed 100%
locked himself in his crate light some
candles play some emo music sit in the
corner and cry but if I pick guppy Musel
be like okay dope Guppies cool good
choice big facts he doesn't was he
talking like oh so go to my Twitter help
me out team guppy or team moose I need
your vote
go cut now now let me check out this BTS
video and see if it's as great as people
see if I heard correctly it is the very
first kpop song to ever hit number one
on the US charts here in America so let
me see what all what this is all about
me quick so was a Suzy yeah
what's she doing whoa why what kind of
pants you got on boy mmm oh we got fixed
at song be black come on we're tall
today these joggers you don't even know
what you think tells you yeah it says
wasabi on me yeah
okay let me see it's quite real quick
yeah Wow hey if you guys don't have your
Vasavi joggers yet I'm telling you the
joggers everything's dope but the
joggers are the best in the YouTube game
it's the best food gear try them out get
one I promise you gonna be like oh let
me let me hook myself up with them other
two now let's watch beats yes okay we
can wait before we play okay the newest
video a BTS called mic drop
featuring Steve Aoki got it before we
watch it are you familiar with the kpop
genre the kpop world what ten what is
this what's wrong do you like you used
to do I like do you not see what that
says just make this right show them show
them
oh they're like official now I love the
video this is the number one song in
America right now bro it's like a 24
million in a day
I didn't Steve Aoki whoa Louie met her
right here we go here we go yeah I just
hidden
I mean my buyer okay she's gonna turn
this 7-eleven that's crazy
yeah okay already must be a fire there's
a passionate on point
what this is like the church slogan
that's did dancing like this like
everything is on point so far this video
what does that feel
I think they're really doing that
meaning they're talking about jacking
bikes
the budget steve aoki was not on the set
of them I like that that's good I'm
about that lifestyle that was good BTS
life let's go wow I bro I need ya after
that I've been doing videos wrong uh-huh
we're doing our next video it needs to
be like this okay think of the views
welcome to the vlog talk do not forget
the three Nintendo switches that I am
giving away I am announcing in
tomorrow's vlog oh you do to enter
make sure you subscribe buy anything in
the merch store and your enter to win
you go buy anything and you're gonna
want to get it today right now all day
because today Cyber Monday
that means 20% off of everything in the
Alex wasabi store there is some merch as
literally never gonna be in stores again
once it sells out after this sale they
out they're gone dude alone these are
the best Christmas present ever so if
you stress in if you like oh what am I
gonna get my girlfriend what am I gonna
get my boyfriend what am I gonna get
that girl I think it's kind of cute
though that sits in the back left of the
classroom
Shiki oh well don't worry cuz I got you
you can get your girlfriend some of them
joggers dog you can get your siblings
some wasabi hats you can even get your
boyfriend or girlfriend matching hoodies
for sure mmm-hmm good move bro the 20%
off of everything will last until
tonight at midnight so go get it hop on
it let's go go go
represent wasabi fam all day that's all
I got forgot today see you tomorrow
and until then do me a favor and don't
forget so remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
