Oh Oh what are you which sweater do I
put on what dude oh it's Thanksgiving
and a lot of people here let's go see
what that moose come here you ready for
your first Thanksgiving ever okay so
good go in the turkey
go go go heaven is giving Leila come
here Leila tell you something this is my
little niece this is not princess
gorgeous
this is princess pretty face a princess
of little words can I hug now come here
come on Thanksgiving mom cut show them
the food yet yeah it's not ready okay
okay let me know let me know hey are you
gonna eat all the turkey hey you know
what like how what's a good sound like
Woking have fun with that one hey
grandma you ready for Thanksgiving
he sure are you gonna eat everything my
lovey I'm here yeah I'm glad you're here
I can't show if we did catch on if we
get Andrew happy turkey day she's
upstairs
happy Thanksgiving everybody hello happy
Thanksgiving bro everybody's out here
who's winning this is my brother's dad
by the way
wait this is my dad's brother that's all
I meant to say my dad feels dressed time
walking out here being led by Tarzan
my cousin Tarzan up there O'Malley
Malley for more on my dad and we're
looking for the heart of the nature walk
on Thanksgiving Day that's what we do
and we can come on keep it moving
I see some wasabi words right there I
see some wasabi March right there you
got the candy sweater I see Oh sabi
Lauren Cody right there what have you
got on oh you got the gold and black 8w
hat okay okay we're missing some people
where you guys days along come on let's
go that way that way that way that way
where you last one we missed anybody oh
there you go where's Cory yet
hello what's taking so long back here
hey princess pretty face you take bigger
steps do you see everybody wearing
what's lobby March I'm the only one not
wearing one
where's yours I give you a hat where'd
you pick at did you eat it
yeah you did you ate it didn't you I had
to pick you up because you know why your
tiny little baby legs you were taking
forever
oh we have to catch up with everybody is
that okay okay good I'm glad you agree
what do you hear them were there you
have point which way Haley oh don't wait
I don't know if wondering way okay you
want to get down yeah okay go go go
catch them slow down you're going too
fast
what this is just a lake and since the
water is low it looks like a beach and
we could walk out way out here it's
crazy I don't see what you guys do
oh good for you good for him I like your
technique no that's flawless smooth are
you having the time your life bro ok
mousse are you done playing can we go
now
yeah cool thanks for the hospitality bro
is this this hole over here where is it
are you guys closed it up didn't you all
that hard work he did most come here
there close up your hole moves it's gone
get it back go get back in there Shawn
they can't close up your hole get it
movies get a moose oh he's trying to go
to Japan trying go to Japan good as we
dig through the center of the earth
you're gonna get to the other side and
the other side is Japan okay Louis you
done let's go come on wrap it up yeah
you tell them man let's go home
oh man I can't get over that outfit go
yeah oh sabi hat Lord hoodie those Saudi
joggers I just need to come out with
some wasabi shoes you think yeah would
you wear wasabi shoes yeah
would you wear wasabi shoes would you
okay okay let me think about it when you
think about it maybe I'll help Kanye and
see if he's trying to make a easy wasabi
a combination collab on the shoes dope
okay I feel better now hey cousin
Christian rock in the AWB need oh okay
can I see can I eat now hey doing
alright alright does it feel weird being
the head of household
gross hello
Brussels sprouts don't don't no stop
stop stop
oh we can't kiss for 20 24 minutes
minimum minimum no no no Thanksgiving
has come the Moose has been eaten the
naps Oh Turkey nothing the Moose is not
Venini look he's safe and sound
there he is over there the Moose has not
been eaten the turkeys been eaten and
the Nats have been taken and now it's
time for Lauren to go to dr. princess
pretty face office to get her shots
okay oh my gosh I hope she's healthy do
you think she's healthy there you go
come on dal-su princess pretty face
what's it say is he good she good is she
healthy it's it's it's not good I'll
just check your gears here
okay okay interesting results oh she has
did listen to your play what you've
listened to her but for her heart I like
it nice okay that's all her butt is wait
you need you need it's one more thing oh
no the scary part yeah oh no no okay
wait she has to fill it up I don't think
she's a real doctor booze okay look in
your ears that princess pretty face do
it how's it look mousse it's okay here
I'll hold your hand do dogs have four
hands or legs or two hands okay I'll
hold your hands well no oh don't give
him a shot in the mouth
here you go right in the top of the head
mousse right you gotta give you a shot
right in the top of the head no has to
go in his brain it's okay you okay you
could be better in no time okay you're
gonna make a full recovery
you're gonna feel it hear ye hear ye I
have an emancipation proclamation
announcements I don't know if those
words mean but they're really big they
sound important I have presents for
everyone would you like to bask in my
and my presence christmas christmas came
early yeah Lauren I need your help okay
make the slides now open you crazy okay
I have merch for everybody
oh look at that we got a guppy Christmas
sweaters and moose Christmas sweaters oh
look Oh what are you
Tito Oh team
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait
yeah listen Matthew no fighting which
sweater do I put on oh wait when he was
a puppy I don't know what Louis that's
how I need you to meet okay
and his name is moose moose with Matt
why are you why are you sitting like
that
Columbus there you go good boy Wow it's
a must and a moose a very moosie
Christmas today you're surrounded by
mooses ha ha he's like guys I'm the
original ok I don't care about these
other mooses ways a tired even partying
we partying last night well this is the
end of blog talk I really comment down
below if your hashtag team Guffey or
into your past team moose I'm torn
between the two because Guffey was here
first but moose is here and he's my son
and Guppies Guppies my son they're
brothers they're best friends and I'm
torn
I don't know
don't forget the Nintendo switch
giveaway is still going on the contest
is going on until Monday night I said in
a previous vlog that I'm gonna pick the
winners on Sunday but I'm switching it
to Monday because that is Cyber Monday
so I want to make sure that everybody
that buys has a chance to win the more
you buy the more chances you have to win
the Nintendo switch so if you buy a
bunch of things if you thought the
spinner in there if you throw half on
your order these have more chances
that's all I'm saying and I will be
announcing the winner on Tuesday's vlog
as you know yesterday was Black Friday
the 30% off sales started and as soon as
it started within 20 minutes the whole
store was sold out so I respect it again
and then it sold out I guess but I
restocked it again and I went to sleep
and I woke up and it was sold out again
see you guys I'm sold out the entire
saga store three times already but don't
worry I underestimated you my bad
I made a mistake I didn't know the
wasabi ins were gonna go that hard I'm
gonna restock the store and it's gonna
be completely stocked everything wasabi
has ever made all these hoodies right
here all these hats right here they're
all to be back in the store until Monday
night at midnight on Monday they're gone
some of them forever and they not coming
back so make sure to get yours before
then because they gonna make the buys
that's all I got for you guys today
oh I heard BTS or at least a new song I
heard they released a new music video so
come back tomorrow if you want to see my
reaction to that I'm excited to see it
because as you know they my new favorite
bad boy name I knew closer been a BTS
for life BTS army for life see you guys
tomorrow as always it until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it
