what it is wouldn't be what it is he and
she's making my day brighter with her
little poopy face what are you doing
what's that
where'd you get it where Alex What's Up
B
where's Andrew where prove it
tell us where these where do you go do
you know how to do your makeup here's a
pretend brush use it chicken nuggets
doing that yeah how do you want real
makeup we have to wait till your hell do
your the way to your 500 before you put
makeup on okay hit do you know mousse do
you love me how much more excitement to
that question time to wake up for the
Moosey bear time to go pee right over
there there's no stairs oh oh oh wait
being a camel homeless by go around the
door there you go don't pee pee that's a
good boy ready wait which is done good
boy I says they could point at you
come on there look at all these ladies
of the house you got princess gorgeous
princess chicken nugget princess grandma
princess auntie and princess mommy what
is this for
you show me what this chart here I can
just get it for you lucky I got it I
read talks up for you good looking for
mommy's face okay choo-choo-choo-choo
choo-choo-choo-choo these Thanksgiving
is right around the corner my family for
the first time ever got a few people
here but we got a lot more coming to one
wait we have enough switches we have
more people coming should I go get
another one
okay I'm going I'll be right back
are you doing this is that maybe you
don't make a habit out of opening random
boxes you're fine but this one is okay
well I think I think in this case it's a
it's a case of finders keepers you guys
got to share it you guys share with your
sister get to share it okay it must have
been Santa Claus Thanksgiving turkey
left it Thanksgiving turkey delivered
this for him for both of them no
Thanksgiving turkey dead nobody's
listening to me Matthew why nobody
listened to me he said gobble gobble oh
really
how long have you wanted one your whole
life it just came out last year or this
year I think
have you seen Lauren anywhere with
Lauren app let's go find her come on
maybe some chicken nugget that's her
nickname barrette is she in the pool
there you go go go go go go go check
inside the pool I guess they're gone
guys I don't know where they're at
no no this is my house I bought this for
my parents did you cry I love it you
never cried before your life how many
times you cry ones last time you cried
what's it look like when you cry that's
a sad face if I ever seen one you guys
that's not safe that's okay I gotta go
make an announcement excuse me you're
inside the whole time
we's went on a field trip all the way
around the house you take your GPS
tracker out and I put in your arm
what nothing so I got my little cousin a
switch right and I also got a few more I
got a couple more for other cousins that
are on the way here to the house prank
now but I got about three more for the
homies aka
the wasabi ends wait are you a Nintendo
switch okay I got three your let me see
you what's it sound like when I press
buttons switches and I'm hooking you
guys up all you gotta do is wait till
the end of this vlog I'll tell you how
because these kiddos are you guys are
too loud I can't even tell them how to
get these you talk too much
you'd be quiet okay ready would you say
you say yeah you did Hoya with you to
look see I can I got I'll tell you guys
later I gotta watch these guys and I got
a question for you have you ever heard
of kpop yes do you like kpop no have you
seen any music videos you know well then
you don't know if you like it
I'm gonna open you up to a whole new
world now that I've finally found some
alone time and a house full of relatives
let me hit you with that knowledge of
how to get the Nintendo switches in
order to enter the Nintendo switch
giveaway dela tres which is three in
Spanish all you have to do is make sure
you subscribe to this channel and buy
anything in the marsh or this whole
weekend on Sunday night I will be
announcing the three Nintendo switch
winners all you can do is buy anything
if you buy more than one thing then
you're entered more than one time so the
more you buy the better chance you get a
Nintendo switch and remember everything
is like 30% off so I don't know
but the shirts would be like 15 dollars
or something like that
if you buy three shirts for $45 and that
means you get to eat the dopest shirts
in the game and you have just entered
three times for eight $300 Nintendo a
switch don't forget at the end of this
vlog I'm gonna show you guys the last
two Christmas wasabi sweaters you guys
not gonna believe what I did you gonna
love it but first I gotta show Andrew
okay guys you ready we're about to
audition for the number-one boy band in
the world
Andrew I'm serious guys you guys aren't
that serious oh my gosh this is my
lifelong dream as of two days ago when I
found out about BTS seriously stop stop
seriously come on let's do some research
okay research time way this one is
called fire bps this is what we gotta do
we gotta make them proud cuz all the
wasabi ins are gonna repeat this when I
tweet it out and then ETS gonna see it
and they're gonna put it from the group
and it's then this would be ten people
in it instead of seven okay jumping over
fence key jump over fences yes okay
okay we do that part pretty-pretty all
beats yes we come before you oh yeah so
scoot over there so we can put the
screen here so you can see how well we
do right here
oh that is Alex avi audition tape
BTS hook us up we got you we're gonna
take over the world together I know you
took over the world already but we can
take over the universe just give us a
chance give us a chance
go read through this Queen so BTS sees
what we made up that's right we out got
away the screen boy I still see you be
like that
what roll this way roll this way what
wasn't that fun
now that andrew has embraced the
epicness that is BTS like his older
brother and Alex wasabi it's time to
show you what we work away with these
Christmas ones doing here we go here we
go here we go first you got the
Christmas sweater dela good these are
awesome
and they're gonna sell out immediately
if you're gonna go and buy some wasabi
emerge on the cheapest day it's ever
been 30% off of everything make sure you
get this one first because this is gonna
sell out immediately and you know if I
got the gup-e I'm gonna be here with the
mousse too much epicness on the screen
these are gonna be in store I'll
probably restock them again because I
know they're gonna be on high demand but
they're never gonna be as cheap as they
are to day in six hours at 9:00 p.m.
tonight I promise you you're gonna be
sad if your mom's like oh I'll get free
one day or let me get it next week or
bleep the blue mom stuff mom stuff dad's
self-care stuff
not-not-not be like hey hey hey mom dad
please because I'm telling you it's
never gonna be cheaper than it is today
hey hey ho ho ho now I gotta do some
stomach stretches and get my body
loosey-goosey for tomorrow's
Thanksgiving dinner see you tomorrow
as always until then do me a favor and
do not forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it
