I have a surprise for all of you guys
come come oh what it is would it be
would it do today is that day
today is the first time Lauren is coming
back to my home town he excited right
here excited sound and not only is it
Lauren's first time but it's also mooses
first time you ready to go to North
Carolina for the first time ever it's
gonna be a little cold but you're gonna
get to see the new house I got for my
family you're gonna have a lot of space
to run around and it's gonna be all that
DUP yeah
give me beautiful girlfriend of mine
welcome to North Carolina usually my
family's waiting right around this
corner you ready oh no dad hello it's me
your son I've returned Hey
grandma's here hi guys I take pictures
Richie you're supposed to be holding
that sign for somebody what do you think
of North Carolina so far Caribbeans yeah
that's what everybody says when they
come to North Carolina here we go you're
about to see the house I bought for my
parents oh my gosh so many firsts are
happening for you I'm so excited for you
hey I know these hats Andrew Andrew you
have braces let me see come here I don't
believe it I see whoa what they go did
you eat them oh yeah
open Oh oh my gosh you're a big boy now
look at that okay okay
these pictures of us up here oh there's
me Wow yeah that's me with the bowl
haircut that's Andrew
oh I took that picture that's right
photographer a little bit of Andrew oh
okay let's check it out
we do have a lot of space wow we got
food in the house
this isn't that special there were just
wasn't any food when I first came here I
haven't been here since I bought the
house it was crazy
we got about 20 people coming to stay
with us for Thanksgiving oh that's not
mounted yet okay but I like it okay now
that we got mooses grass his bed his
water his toys all situated I can give
you a proper tour this is the living
room
this is all rental furniture until the
real furniture comes in in January
those are fishies hey Facebook feed me
to come come come look at all the food I
got excited about it because there was
no food when I when I got the house and
now look your food dance jumbo jumbo
marshmallow jumbo jumbo this is
Halloween anybody you know they could be
my invoice right right moose two feet
every step this is the overview yeah
yeah yeah rise room oh yeah yeah you
know everybody says that when they come
in here they're like oh I wish I had
that when I was little is it Andrews
room hey I didn't sound like a very
sincere enthuse yes
oh yeah
you haven't seen the backyard don't look
out the window no okay who's that who's
there
show yourself oh oh that's your phone oh
you scared me
come on I gotta take you to a very
special place that's near and dear to my
heart okay
whenever you slow down a little bit are
you cold mister Carolina boy welcome to
the most magical place on earth
bori oh you only know okay here we go
it's legendary sweetie this is not
regular sweetie legendary oh here we go
here we go what you think too sweet
spoken like a nun North Carolinian I'm
gonna get like two cups just so I don't
have to get up and get refills and I can
absorb it faster into my bloodstream oh
okay the last thing you have to have to
have to try wait wait wait stop
discontinue no eat it with some honey
mustard no this is not your normal honey
must visit bulging with honey mustard is
dead friends no you got to put some more
oh no you took more there you go there
you go there gossip any mouth you like
it
ha tears I've blown the but yes the vlog
is coming to an end but I have one more
surprise for my family tonight and a
bunch more in the next couple days let
me show you what I'll talk about okay
Andrew Aaron come here but I you guys
gotta close your eyes he's gonna close
cuz it's in the kitchen don't look wait
and I'm gonna set that thing okay don't
look okay not yet I got a big surprise
for Olly
hold up wait a minute let me show you
how to put some dope dope Annie
you're so slow I'm gonna take them in
here hey go down step one step two step
okay not here I have a surprise for all
of you guys come come where are you
if the newest one I have it's the black
camo joggers I got hoodies I got Laura
Bridgman
one point over 22.0 got Church I got
half you guys wow oh good I like the Hat
Hey Oh Andrew come here look at this
that's a good outfit black hoodie you
got the camo Alice the song you can't
lose here bow now that I have surprised
my family with merch they've been asked
me to bring it every time I come back
I'm so excited to come back and hang out
with them that I forget to bring merch
so I gave them a bunch of merch but now
we got to pick up some last-minute
things from Walmart and Lauren North
Carolina is not that cold
you don't need mins this is not mitten
whether it's cool I'm hot I'm wearing a
hoodie and it's too hot what is the
temperature right now you're just Birds
51 Fahrenheit at 51 Fahrenheit cool you
know what freezing is already - that's
20 degrees higher than freezing what
it's just zero get it together
America welcome to the end of vlog talk
now I know what you're all thinking did
I give away all the merch from the Alex
asabi store and my family no of course I
did that was just all the extra merch I
had in my place so I brought it back
home to give to my family now about this
blue hat I know what you're thinking are
these one of the items that are going
out horse tail on Black Friday that is a
negative my boy this one is Andrews hat
I gave it to him a long time ago when I
saw it so I thought I'd rock it for a
little bit on my little Walmart trip
with the girl girl of the chicken nugget
do not forget tomorrow is Thursday and
tomorrow and 9 p.m. PST midnight on the
eastern side of America est the sale is
starting for Black Friday 30% off of
every single thing in the store
including this candy hoodie out asabi
represent get it
if you wasabi Pam for sure because with
Slavens don't wait till Friday for Black
Friday we hoppin on it on the early week
hop car let me show you we hoppin on the
early so make sure to get there before
it all sells out from Thursday at 9 p.m.
til Friday at midnight that's when the
Black Friday sale and so don't be late
and last and very final thing tomorrow's
vlog make sure to come back because I'm
gonna hook you up with a preview of the
two last eyes that are going on sale and
it is the wasabi Christmas sweater
you're not gonna believe what I did
you're gonna want both of them so start
saving up now you know they are you like
it you super like it so make sure to
come back tomorrow to find out what
those two wasabi Christmas sweaters are
I save them for very loud because
they're gonna be the most wanted
Christmas sweaters in the world trust me
that's all I got for you guys today see
you tomorrow and until then do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling bye
