whoa what it is would it be what it 200
the lighting though Oh Oh mother nature
be hooking me up wait it out tomorrow
I am going back home to North Carolina
to see my family for Thanksgiving and
I'll be there for a week so you're gonna
get a whole week a family blog but I
gotta be looking my best from a mom tops
sis your little brother and nice so I've
got to do something about this hair so
it begins
oh my gosh this makes my neck look fat I
don't like it oh my god it's like a
bodybuilder Michael involved my hair
thinning
oh okay you guys probably can't tell
through video through vision but if you
guys was here you can tell oh it feels
soft it's straight
it moves now oh yeah got that white boy
hair back that's Rory Oh check it out
bone no oh oh it's look like the perfect
that's what keratin treatments do if you
got curly unmanageable rebellious thick
hair get a care of this treatment trust
me I wish I found out about this earlier
in my life let me go see what my boy
moves things about it come on y'all
moose look dad 2.0 yeah yeah oh I'm
letting you out oh I know you excited to
see my hair okay or not are you hungry
is you hungry okay I got you I got you
chill with it sit
mo sit stay stay oh yeah I hooked you up
today boy hooked up with a few more
Kiwis but don't tell Lauren it's gonna
be a father-son secret now that you're
done with dinner boy what you think
about my hair tell me the truth hey what
do you mean it doesn't look any
different
it looks super different moose moose
come on tell me the truth does it look
good ah
since it's my last day in LA you know I
gotta go to the court and play and show
these boys remind them who's the alpha
male on the court I gotta remind them
you know you guys could be a beta but
alphas taken what are you look at you
know alright let's go
all right I got you a present I got you
a present since we won
it's upstairs I'll show you forgot your
present yeah did I got you eyeing all
day yeah you can open it now okay you
ready yeah it's brand-new alex is sloppy
worried so you can get at Black Friday
for 30% off that's what I said that's
the risk either way to drop a holiday
wrap a wrap tape right here Yugi this
was a Christmas background for one of
your distress yeah yeah
Warren what do you think of my hair look
look at my hair look at it what it's a
moose head Tommy I beat the few moose
come on you can tell the difference now
right Cato can you tell the difference
was I did get a hair treatment okay I
did get a hair I'm telling I'm not lying
I'm telling the truth
oh my god hey can you help me or
something you know what I've never seen
in my life a kpop music video
no you never seen one not even one me
ear but it's taken over the world what
are we doing what is he asking for we
should look that up first I thought
we're not okay
first thing I look what BTS stands for
because we're not worthy BTS also known
as bangtan boys bangtan I'll approve Boy
Scouts or beyond the scene boy though it
means different stuff okay girls
generation i got a boy 201 million views
from he loves Girls Generation what I've
never even heard of these let's do this
thing
Wow Go Go about
whoa is that all of them whoa how many
are there
well I think yeah oh yes because if it
was if it's one take they're all gonna
join up so there are 12 of them
why that's cold man that all going
together now there's 12 people it's
you ready for BTS I'm ready
very not fall in love I'm gonna cry yeah
well no promises
hey there's a galaxy no but can email
why do you put it in Apocrypha it's nuts
he says wait I have heard this tummy I
hear have a Spotify playlist all the
time this is all in somebody's brain and
they're like good make this happen me
and it's Elvis meat says I know I keep
thinking I know what they're saying but
anybody like go after these guys like
Justin Bieber or anybody Chris Brown
whoa there in space how are all these
three in such good dancers okay I want
to just jacket we're going to his jacket
oh we're in oh my god first in a hat now
we're a jacket okay last one about 163
million okay this one has but this one
is three hundred and twenty six million
views 1 million likes here we go
I just don't understand
whoa that's what you look like me an
extension line I think you look like
when you have my Center it's like kpop
my typical Roman is that all part of the
group foods Big Bang fantastic baby whoa
it's like they're all Korean Lady gaga
that's English right yeah wait okay okay
I thought you speak Korean yes think of
your hair praise the most fantastic baby
and that's Korean in the box
welcome to the end of vlog talk see you
later LA cuz I'm heaven to North
Carolina and Lawrence come in with me
this is her first time she's ever been
in North Carolina so I'm gonna see if I
can get the keys to my old house before
I bought my parents the mansion remember
that video where we all cried so I'm
gonna try to take her to the house I
grew up in and show her my old bedroom
and show or where I used to poop and all
that good stuff so make sure to come
back tomorrow moves I'm trying to do
that in a blog so that's all I got for
you guys today
see you tomorrow and until then don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you do it
