oh god nerby I'm nerble nerble nerble
I'm so nervous
okay okay huh would it be what it do duh
we are doing the final walkthrough of
Lauren house okay tell me where I'm
gonna put my clothes in the closet so I
get like this side over that's it and
then you can have not cool
okay I got something to tell you whoever
I said that I was gonna wait till you
move in to give you your housewarming
present
this house is technically yours after
today right I thought those out of
excitement you're yawning my painting
today no me toques be together no no
okay that guy yeah it's so cool
she just doesn't understand the epicness
just wait till she sees it with her even
when her views are on the painting then
you'll see the excitement that might
work deserves okay my mouth Aaron this
is gonna change the game this right here
open it tell me what it is
let's rip it open what is it what's it
called power hands train with purpose
oh yeah it's a great basketball these
are basketball gloves so when you play
it never slips out of your hand again
and you could probably palm it it's
cheating good night it's like wearing
cleats in football they have little
spikes on it so you get run faster Oh
buddy let me try them on hey these are
supposed to help oh wait these are not I
thought there gonna be another gonna be
me what if this oh these are to train
with it increases your hand speed it
makes it more difficult to dribble a
catch during training so you get better
at it and it strengthens your hands
never-before-seen Alex's Bobby joggers I
want to pair those even like girls this
weekend one of the number-one movies
I've ever looked forward to in my
lifetime has come out and that movie is
just to sleep let me tell you guys how
much of a fan I am of Justice League not
sponsored checky you got Batman Superman
Wonder Woman flash Green Lantern Martian
Red Tornado yeah a lot of people in this
Justice League is like hundreds of
that's a lot yeah and they have a
watchtower and it's man I can't even
I've seen I've seen every cartoon
Justice League has ever made
I've seen every movie Justice League has
ever made cartoon why's the whole reason
I'm all about the Justice League is
because of one superhero the best number
one superhero ever to exist and the
entire planet and fur and that is the
flash
what are you sir are you serious it's
the flash all day every day this every
day we talk about his like this it's
like that you wonder when we do that
wonder well nah man that are you you're
a crazy person
girl hours he's a crazy person but all
day every day every day any kind of
which way oh look at that tree
Wow look at that they probably had to
fly it in all right how else would they
bring it in very careful yeah you know
how long it would have taken I can tell
you exactly how long it took them and it
took them a lot longer than it would
have taken though flashes all day every
day every day
movies about the star you ready boy
excuse me I'd like to take a poll who
thinks that the flash is the number one
superhero and the Justice League oh
that's why that's my boy okay oh there's
only one oh all right and what about
Wonder Woman what about Wonder Woman oh
okay wait just wait till the end of the
movie I will take a revote I demand a
revote bro the Justice League was so
good the flash he was he was so fast he
was like
that's right hold on nobody's better
than flash Oh wonder one man what don't
not none I'm in the flash when you talk
about the flash bro not now look look
look
I got you something
remember that painting I told you I did
oh good that's my scary and I said I
wouldn't give it to you until you moved
into your new house right well you just
closed your new house right so it's
officially yours
so I think that's good enough we don't
have to wait to you actually move in
right cuz you're not moving in for like
a month I could just give it to you now
okay you sure you ready I hate it
what it doesn't matter you gonna be hit
you and put up on the wall in the living
room or or it has to be in one of the
rooms one of the public rooms not a
bedroom me and my boy Blake Jamison you
could check out his YouTube right here
we hooked it up for you I have to live
up to and it's probably gonna be great
but okay here we go ready I called my
Evie's now you can give it up I do yes
what do I do this wants to know why he
wasn't a part of the painting he wants
to put its paw print on there
oh god I'm nervous I'm nervous I'm so
nervous
okay okay
oh yeah that is cool it's not expecting
it all
that's cute ooh look at dad
I know we did he we went horror I feel
like my lips are a little a little fat I
got something I got some lip injections
recently apparently you like it are you
gonna hang it up we can put it in my in
my in my room if I if I ever move in one
day
Edie moose poop what am i at one I think
I'm at least at four this picture right
here is this picture we just took that
picture and made it into a painting and
now it's yours forever to keep come
there truth you like it if you like it
then then kick you tap your foot that's
crazy right it's ABS it's it's a little
crazy it's a lot out there but it's dope
it's us it's you and me okay maybe not
like to live around because that's a
little like obnoxious in your office or
like in like the den or something yeah
it is now time for the final Lorex merch
giveaway this is the very first sample
of the hot pink three Lorex on each arm
hoodie and the winner of this Woody is
Matthew you wall Matthew you've already
reached out to you via Twitter in that
DM and I was like yo I'm hooking you up
this will be coming to you on that
shortly now I've mentioned a few times
there's a bunch of new merch coming on
Black Friday including this hat these
hoodies will also be available on Black
Friday but Black Friday isn't soon
enough back thirty percent discount on
everything in the entire Bobby calm
store is not soon enough
so the sale will start Thursday at 9
p.m. PST find out what time that is in
your time and be ready because there's
gonna be a bunch of stuff just for you
don't forget there's gonna be Lorex
version 1.0 this one and there's gonna
be large hoodies version 2.0 in the
stores but this is 25% off plus the 30%
off so that means it is 55% all coming
at you Friday tomorrow is the last vlog
and Los Angeles before I go back home to
North Carolina to hit you with a full
week of those family vlogs that's all I
got for you guys today
hope you guys like the painting as much
as Lauren did and do me a favor don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
then you're probably not subscribed or
you don't have any of the Alex sabe
merch come on BAM what you're doing
you're doing it wrong
