is it full strength might break my wrist
on this one all right let's go what it
is would it be would it - so here we go
again
Brad why why do I have to be here our
day okay you know what I'm kind of set
ready for arm day because you know why
why because all your people in your
comments keep saying I'm weak I got
noodle arms well it's my turn to show
them that I'm a show or not a girl
wait no no I'm a grower I'm a see when I
when I live I grow but when I'm relaxed
it doesn't show so I'm a grower and what
are you talking about your pump yeah
that's I said yeah something else what
yeah okay let's just work out
I'm game hey all right Brad you know
that I'm trying to get in this boxing
match so safe regulation boxing match so
there's no way I can get hurt mouth
guard everything look guys this is just
a sport I'm not trying to go get hurt
I'm not going to hurt somebody I'm just
trying to win so I'm trying to do this
railing support and in order to do so I
have to know where I'm at
before I can get to where I want to be
so brad has given me the okay to punch
him in the stomach as part of the can
with my boxing gloves so that in four
months after I train super hard baby
it's hard we can see if I hit harder you
remember what happened last time I think
yeah we're like across the world I know
yeah you just watch it all the way our
life yeah yeah it's like this and I go
okay - what nothing
it was there hey who taught it right or
head right here we are I won - it's just
like a jab yeah yeah I'm good I'm good
I'm good give me here right here oh yeah
so does that order okay
are you really trying or not I get a war
yeah uzuki ready I don't know it's gonna
be better is it full strength
Larissa listen all right let's go now
that was harder that was harder I'll
give you that that was hard
there we go four months I'm gonna do it
again
don't get scared I'm not scared let me
see if I have any handprints oh that's
me you didn't even have here I punch it
so hard hair grew this gym stuffs
getting rough my body hurts all the time
but now that that's out of the way let
me hit you guys with some knowledge
homeless you guys have been voting for
me for the Shorty Awards as you know I
was nominated as blogger of the year
so with your guys's help we might win it
I mean we will win it if you guys vote
every day without when it's fire
so thank you to everybody that has been
voting for the last month but there's
one week left that's one week of voting
so if like seven of you vote every day
this week of intense
7 times 7 49
49 votes for me but if like 700 and you
a vote every day for a week that's 4900
yeah buddy
wait no it's not it's a lot so make sure
go do that I gotta go meet up with some
people to go watch Black Panther
apparently it's supposed to be one of
the best Avengers what's your favorite
number one will rain tomorrow then
okay well mine is for three I really
liked it I mean I liked the first one I
liked the first Iron Man I liked the
second Captain America
like The Avengers movie but their most
recent the were guardians of the galaxy
they'll get to what an ain't no Thor 3
do you tell this clown
that's for three is one of the best
Marvel movies out there yeah okay then
what's what's Lydia what what super whom
have you like guardians of galaxy Lucia
one time just one day one you probably
laugh do the one impression you got it
good no he's not looking son looking guy
here I'll do it for you
I got two questions for you all look
good I got two questions just to look
what first is black neither your
favorite Marvel movie now was number one
I think top three are Thor three
don't judge me hey man look at you and
question number two do you think you
could beat me in boxing yeah before
cutting okay I could if I work real wait
no it 184 would be take me a long time
oh I think it's 185 I think I could get
to 190 probably I guess you trying to
bogs it don't do that - you thought you
could beat me but you got to fight some
in your weight class eyelid I know but
if you go down and I go up and we meet
in the middle
no I'm just wondering if you gonna help
you okay yeah I don't think you could
you gonna have I think you slow
you're like a human slug you think you'd
be kids you know that Joe was five
inches shorter that means his reach was
a lot smaller and case I was ten pounds
heavier how much was good you doing
I like 183 for small boys I'm saying
like I got the reach we're both six-foot
that's why I'm 510 I got the reach man
I'm telling you go for it
you go for it you don't do it I love you
out I'll knock him out
and gummy yeah yeah save yourself bro if
he ever started throwing punches at me
not just because okay out of all the
challengers there's you meet ollie
Adam and and other people what who do
you think would be the easiest pic for
him like who he think he'd be yeah okay
but they're all wrong go prove
yourselves okay I know I will but I like
I have to be fun but I have one thing
I'm gonna try I'm gonna do right now if
this doesn't work then nothing will hear
many tack yeah I'm thinking his
trainings and get you better I think
that if I trained with one of the best
boxers in the world there's no way I can
lose eight times world champion don't
mean nothing for you no but we're both
Filipino he could just transfer me some
of his energy go for it oh I will okay
here we go I'm bout to doing but what
are you crying for finish your cookie
I like the visually requestor teachings
to prepare for what will be the biggest
amateur boxing match in youtube history
yeah what's the boxing match me in case
I you don't think he's gonna fix me I
think if I have many of my in my corner
he'll pick me
no no way yes yes okay all right okay
Syd are you gonna stand on my corner if
I do if I do get the pipe mm-hmm you are
yeah a beer
motivational tokens I can I have it your
piece so I can just show you talking to
me no I gotta be in your face yelling I
think Stanford and a blog talk welcome
to the end of block talk if you haven't
seen Black Panther yet go check it out
it was definitely on that dope doe I had
a little bit of fortnight in there where
the arena's getting a little bit smaller
and then there's a little bit of a Star
Trek feel at the end if you watch it
you're gonna know what I'm talking about
is dull next shorty awards
I'm nominated for water of the Year and
escape tonight as nominated and Lauren
was nominated and Darrin was nominated
thank you to everybody that's been
voting for the past month there's only
like less than a week left I think it's
like four or five days left to vote you
could vote once a day I'm pretty sure
you can voted all the categories go make
those votes let's make it happen I'm
gonna get my first shorty award ever I
know we can do it now now last thing and
this is the last time I'm gonna talk
about this ever in a vlog unless it
happens for the last 12 years on YouTube
I have made videos that I thought that
you guys would like I like them too
every time I would make a video write a
video edit a video whatever I would
think what would make the wasabi UNS
laughs I have a goal and I want to
achieve it so all the wasabi ins that
are tweeting me saying that they're
nervous that I'm gonna get hurt and
they're worried about me don't worry
it's safe fight it would just be a
regulation boxing match you get all the
gear the reps are there they have medics
there which won't be needed but just in
case so it's super safe I didn't need
you guys to make sure that when the
polls open that you vote for me put me
in the ring give me a chance to show
everybody what I can do okay very very
last thing John Weller he he just wasn't
a good match for you like if he fought
somebody his size his weight he
definitely would have won now ksi we're
both six feet tall I only have two
gained nine pounds to be at the exact
same weight you were and when you fought
and I know I got a longer reaching you
too Oh pick on somebody your own size
put me in the ring let's go I got this
okay that's it I'm done never mention it
again actually about this week I think
that since I'm so underestimated I'm
such an underdog the only way I can get
into that ring is with the help of Manny
Pacquiao
it's a long shot but anything could
happen
so go retweet that tweet let's make it
happen make sure he sees it and if we
can get enough retweets I might be
training with the Manny pacman pack yeah
that's all I got for you guys today see
you tomorrow new day new journey new
adventures let's go until then don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong
