feel like you're about to make a big
mistake no this is the best idea ahead
of my life what it is what it be what it
- yeah
welcome to the boyfriend me vs.
girlfriend gingerbread house
challenge 2017 as the champion of 2016
oh are you dream footage hey I give the
command in this video okay roll the
footage okay so I have the most
beautiful gingerbread house ever I
personally have ever made rainbow and
they are in perfect color coordination
sequences all right mm-hmm
and then I've got my little red door and
I've got a gumball and mint spear leaf
gummy garden and then on the back
introducing the one and only wasabi
gingerbread house oh my gosh yes on the
roof you have a plethora of items
peppermint if you don't want people
touching it then you can have the
wrapped peppermints then you have some
bushes growing on top of the roof I
probably should get that checked out top
it all off you have a lid that was put
there to replace a pepper mix I ate
earlier we have the returning Victor
Alex wasabi pertinently competitor lordy
I took a walk you're unable to keep it
here because you're not even close
because I'm already out wine this is
what I do I win I dominate I demolish
everybody likes an underdog let me show
you what we're working with
oh yeah this is where it's at Wow okay
okay okay Wow okay your dog oh wait wait
wait we wait wait till I get my house
little bit now my first oh wait wait
wait
look there expedient make one like this
and like that
well I know what I'm about to do don't
cheat you know you don't cheat don't use
my candy a bitch don't look at me don't
even look at me you don't know me
oh Jesus I need things okay take your
time okay we all make mistakes I'm only
human okay you're not gonna be doing any
of that today no chance like I don't
even think you realize how far you're
gonna go down right now hey that's not
fair everybody knows that that's what
you did last year they are in perfect
color coordination sequences we go here
we go yeah I'm gonna be sick from
frosting you move your EVOO hey keep
your elbows out of here bro you're
living here bro
No is there a ghost behind the lighting
those twice over
like honestly why have I eaten more
frosting than I've used so far Wow good
thank you will you stop looking at it
you cheater head noon wonder what I
should use to put on top and what's the
best one yeah exactly
give up yet I see this is like my best
work yet what yeah you don't stand up
freakin don't even look at me
you're gonna lose you already are
losing I'm not there for you you're not
gonna be there's nothing I don't even
know Wow okay y'all don't know okay no
honestly I don't know why you would even
try and go up against me easy that's why
I'm easy squeazy no points of gassy whoo
I just feel badly taking candy from a
baby
alright I plan on that baby I don't want
that for the piece missing key learning
Canadian Christmas songs you know jingle
bells
yes again talking crazy one time elves
ask me of King it's at Halloween that's
a legitimate question
kids know so much about Americans and
Americans are like another one that I
heard they sing it differently it's like
jingle bell jingle bell jingle bell a I
did her for her singing abilities oh
definitely not your gingerbread house
building skills you literally like tack
on your gingerbread there was a purpose
for that you have a li put there to
replace a pepper mix I ate earlier
no no I know I know
cuz it's even worse than that cigars
dick Annie hey what's up that guy black
friday 30% off wow you didn't even know
about e I really think there is you're
just mad but it's so good oh yeah about
that I was I'm glad my teeth you feel
like you're about to make a big mistake
no this is the best idea ahead of my
life let me express myself this is what
happen last years I feel like
everything's going really well and then
you put the cap on on the top and it
just all went down oh oh my gosh why do
you keep bringing up the gap let it go
honestly the cap is probably still in
your digestive system today okay No
okay okay I think anymore
okay buddy
no oh yeah looks like a cross like a
poop on top of your dude your buddies
down there is yeah you know it squeeze
them I don't want you to blame me for
your loss I'm not gonna lose okay does
this look like the face of a loser yeah
yeah things are still going well I see
your future you see the loss that you're
about to take huh
I got chimney you got chimney know what
whoa that's crazy that just like all
happens so fast I don't know what
happened no mess of any money cheer that
was me it won't hold anymore okay fine
no you're doing great and you gotta die
three two one Wow look at that raise it
up OOP
yours is a fool okay explain your house
so I've got the most classic beautiful
masterpiece work of art so we can live
in
that Christmas time I'm not cheating I'm
just fixing the roof that you put to
shambles you're just full of fire
technically I went Bush on your roof was
I'm eco-friendly that much no a front
lawn with my peppermint shrub and my
that was gonna be that time my little
ride spring go pack lit by a pack of
green and red little mini gumdrop and I
read this release really and then a
whites release release with the Holly
and the ice cube and the more sugary and
white curtains on the side and I just
want to live here forever is eat all the
all the candies I'm not the best
Christmas in my life are you done now
that my house the wasabi headquartered
Wow
this is the house of winners all the
zombies welcome if you need a place to
stay hit me up I got you check this out
it says Bellevue want it so you know
this is the roof the most creative roof
um you'll see in all your lifetimes you
got gummies you got frosting you got
lights
that was my chimney and if you are
cleaning the gutters and you're like man
I wish I had a bag wow there's a bag
attached to the roof dunzo your crazy
person know I'm a genius it's obvious
that I won this one just like last year
thank you chimney list but also in
tonight fine we'll leave it up to the
wasabi in you guys go boat right now
click that little button in the corner
of the screen I click Alex wasabi
Alex you guys click on Al society I'm
doing a giveaway but you have to be
subscribed and click on the auto sabe no
I'm gonna no I'm gonna look it up you
have to hit Alex laughs if you hit
Lauria why you're not in the giveaway
you don't get one of these brand new I
make stuff cute this is what I do i
dominate the competition yeah but
running competition because you're not
even oh my
let the voters decide huh you guys today
see you tomorrow because you know I'd be
posted on that daily make sure you're
subscribed and comment down below over
your chance to win this Lourdes hoodie
it could be yours so please the winner
of the one-of-a-kind kind of wasabi hat
you like it yeah I'm sorry you can't but
it's okay because you have one that can
turn around
treat you what savvy joggers no don't
shake you meet you this is a family
channel home in the winter it is yours
ideally all right you know what's on the
way what we're giving away happening
tomorrow make sure you come back until
then do me a favor and don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you do me
wrong
goodbye house
wow that looks so Oh smash Oh dad also
kind of work oh don't put the pointy
corners oh baby you're gonna hurt Oh bye
