what it is would it be what it do dog
you guys know what I call this in
Spanish all in Sparra Shawn I know you
guys be following the vlogs on the daily
you come back every day right alright
I'm trying to get my wasabi vlogs
channel that we haven't posted on in
years and my dog fasabi channel that I
haven't posted on in years those
channels have over a million so I'm
trying to see what I can do
so we're gonna be like foul imagine
something right there battle imagine
that right there and then comes the
judge
soon the done plaque will be right here
a feeling a feeling we are 9.5 million
subscribers and i can't wait for that
day to come so we can celebrate with you
guys I don't know what I'm gonna do to
celebrate but it's gonna be on that dope
dough for sure guppy you doing guppy
what are you doing I tell you something
why you look cute here huh for the
people that are unaware it is almost
Thanksgiving it's on that close
that means it's time for some family
vlogs that's right Tuesday I'm going
back home to North Carolina four five
six maybe six days I'm not quite sure
you guys know the family vlogs are my
number one favorite vlogs to do and I
got a couple few little bit of surprises
for the family that's in a couple days
but for right now I need to go to the
happy place
are you ready all right you ready I'm
bringing you to a special place known as
wait for it wait for it no yawning there
oh oh not yet yeah
this is embarrassing Oh No oh I went to
the wrong place
wait this is it okay okay we got wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait oh yeah
this is it but wait wait this is the
exit when I go the front we can't look
no no peeking no peeking
this is the happy place it has to be a
happy surprise oh I was correct I did
put in the right address we did come to
the right happy place but we're on the
wrong side we're on the wrong side wait
to go to the other end of this huge
building and we gotta go all the way
down there you see those red brake
lights we gotta go all the way down
there turn right then go to the very
front to experience the happy place see
you guys in about one month okay
Long's walk of my life but we made it
hope it's worth it okay here we go
go go go next room you're not happy
enough I just like it to a candy
well the j0r they send them all you can
get into turns to get it Wow you're a
foot handicap - okay thank you
beam hey no dancing hey oh oh we do to
me we do me somebody has some unsanitary
lips since they kissed the poop out of
this wall Wow
what do you want me to take pictures
boyfriend duties no okay 51 52 would
that get out of Gracchus bored a little
bit and the next groups coming in we got
her you good already
whoa it's a wall of presents a birthday
cake can we step on it boom celebrate
every day I love it I hit every single
one time for lollipops which one do you
think is like the very best one I'm
going to take thank this is it
all right cool got the lollipop I got
the lollipop I got the cake it's
gonna be so yummy now
has half a kick club has half a kick pup
it's good on the beastly on me okay 73
welcome to the bloom Pro yeah we're
going Lauren what are you doing up there
your bottom half is down here oh you're
gonna feel the pull outwards
you like it I'm glad I brought you here
yeah just the happiest place on earth
out
Oh
this dream doesn't really have much in
it wait is that a polar bear give me
your best
pull up your face ready three two one
whoa how are you supposed to do your
homework and go to bed I can't even get
out that's all I want to do with my life
look at all I'm gonna name you all
chicken because you're all chickens
these are chickens right oh I'm getting
that's that what is this oh what's that
gold that could jump in there no we
can't yes you can
no we can't what oh not yet
one
oh don't pay ha ha ha oh my gosh that
looks so people know it looks so hard
but you're begging you for confetti
though you parks it out okay I'm doing
it I'm doing it
it's game time oh my big glob
Wow yeah life inside the bubbles better
than life outside the bubble now
fabulous someone just handed me rainbow
grilled cheese whoa kind of looks little
gross but awesome so it's okay I'm
eating
whoa whoa geez oh whoa silouan no Lauren
this is the end of it but this is good
way to end it technology taking my job
thank you technology I don't care if
robots take over the world
I'm not taking any more pictures
Moo's you know where mom and dad just
went we just went to the happiest place
ever it was actually called the happy
place
crazy yeah I know that's why I said hey
I understand that you're upset because
we didn't post a gingerbread house video
today I understand I know I'm upset too
it's not my fault that your mom is
scared to compete against me in
gingerbread house competition he's so
sad when you lose it's okay to have a
scaredy cat for a mom even though you're
a dirt I know I was supposed to post the
gingerbread house competition video
today I know but I didn't some technical
issues went down but it's definitely
coming out tomorrow and at the end of
this vlog I am gonna tell you who from
the comment section of the previous vlog
won the one of a kind wasabi great tap
and remember with your brain coming down
below in this vlog for a chance to win
the camo one-of-a-kind wasabi hat but
you got to be subscribed on the shirt
shirt now I got a good ice cream would
you like to come you will never believe
what can I scream I just got it's the
mashed potatoes and gravy and the salted
caramel thanksgiving turkey flavor and
there's actual turkey in there actual
mashed potatoes nice sampled it it's
really good no mmm it really I could
taste bits of Turkey that's gross so
good guys We Need to Talk I know that I
talk a lot about merch I realize that
I'm always updating you guys on merch
but it's not my fault this is the
hottest merch on YouTube it's on that
dope dope it's the hotness how do you
expect me not to share with you the
hotness so I came up with a solution
instead of talking about all the new
unseen never really
before Mertz that's coming out next
Friday on Black Friday for 30% off the
whole store at loksabha calm I decided
I'm just gonna show you every single day
this week I will be wearing one of the
items that's coming out on Black Friday
so one day you might see me with a hat
one day you might see me with a shirt
one day you might see me with low somme
somme else that I didn't even tell you
about and that's gonna happen every
single day this week until Friday
because I got a lot of that new new and
the vlogs where I reveal the new merch
starts right Oh check it out you don't
even know yeah yeah you see what we're
working with
we got brand new joggers I've never had
joggers out before and now I do that's
getting cold and these my friends are
the comfiest the dopest this softest
best joggers out there guaranteed no
matter what youtubers selling joggers I
gotta beat by mine and then if you
really want to I guess buy theirs and
compare them and you won't see that
nobody talks there was sabe joggers not
only are these comfy you got a little
bit of tightness in the cap because it's
on that dope though you've got a little
8w right there you got one side pocket
goes deep nothing falls out then this
side you got a zipper on it so if you
play a basketball you're doing something
you can zip it up if you don't want your
phone to fly pocket zip it up if you
have important stuff you're putting this
pocket zip it up it's not going nowhere
and that's not all I got three different
designs right now you see the red ones
oh yeah tomorrow you might see another
design tomorrow after that on that
tomorrow tomorrow you might see another
design you might see a hat you might see
something
all right welcome to the end of log talk
I wouldn't yesterday's comment section I
look through a bunch of comments I
randomly picked a winner of the
one-of-a-kind gray wasabi hat there's no
other hat like it this is the only one
it was a sample half and now it can be
yours it's my hat and I'm gonna give it
to Oh Louise carpenter congratulations
you have won this hat is no longer mine
it's yours
I already reach out to you know what's
about to come through I'm gonna send it
very very soon now on to the next
giveaway
don't forget comment down below and make
sure you're subscribed and you have
entered your chance to win the one and
only camo wasabi hat this one's probably
with my favorite I don't know why I
didn't make a bunch of these I feel like
I'll be rocking it doh hey this hat is
mine
for the next 24 hours but it could be
yours don't forget to do what you gotta
do to enter for sure tomorrow you will
finally get to see the gingerbread house
boyfriend vs. girlfriend 2017 there's
gonna be a little voting icon on the
video click on the video let us know at
the end if more on one or I won or I won
or I won vote for me okay I'm gonna get
the DIY Queen okay she has a very good
chance of winning but you my boys right
you my bros you if you a girl or a guy
you can both be my bros you my bro right
right right
and the next vlog after that I made a
decision I'm gonna give Warren her
housewarming present even though she
doesn't have the house yet I'm gonna
give it to her because I'm too excited
it's been sitting in the closet and I
can't I can't I have to
over my painting my creation my
masterpiece so I'm giving it to her on
the next law it's gonna blow her mind
it's gonna blow you're on can't wait to
show you that's all I got for you today
see you guys tomorrow
and until then don't forget to remember
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong oh come on work with me bro
