maybe you should name him stupid points
100k what it is would it be what it do
do let's get started with the day hey
moose
how are you you look good today your
coat shiny and faces still stay about
hey here's a stupid face but it's a kid
stupid fast pitch is so hard right now
you're like oh you like the pets you
like the pets let's see if we get that
leg going
Oh almost where's it at is he here is he
here
there it is there it is crazy
if you forgot or missed yesterday's vlog
which I know you did it because you
comment back on that daily for sure this
is the hack that is going our tour
giveaway in tomorrow's comments section
so tomorrow's vlog make sure to come
back and comment anything because I need
your header to win as long as described
occasional on comment anything you want
you win next day camo hat next day the
lower exclude e is being given away this
is Saturday comment section I'm giving
this way I'm announcing this Sunday and
in for comparison let me show you what
it was gonna look like from here to what
it does look like Bob
is the one that came out with two Lorex
lighter paint that's that good good this
has three Lorex is on it hot pink
different texture but I think you guys
really gonna like it and I got some news
for you I like it I just got word from
my merch guy and there are like Alex we
saw your vlog on this hoodie we didn't
want to let you know well we
accidentally ordered a bunch of these
and they are in the warehouse and now oh
it's like we wait and they're like we
made a mistake we accidentally ordered a
bunch of these hoodies before we change
them to those hoodies so there's a lot
of black one I have some of them at my
house right now when we get back I'm
gonna show you what they look like and
I'm gonna tell you when they're going in
store since these are not the official
ward hoodies imma put them in stores on
that smooth stone for 25% off that's the
cheapest hoodies ever put in those IV
merch store we'll get back to this but
right now we gotta make moves on why
okay moose come on come on boys come on
come on oh come on come on Wow come on
this
excuse me what are you doing are you
looking at ginger houses is it time for
the boyfriend Ross's girlfriend Gigi
warehouse 2017 oh wow Wow
again I'm pretty sure I won a hundred
and twenty-five percent of won that
challenge I'll reflect back and feel bad
that you lost flash back a little bit
what I can't like you're this confident
with this like masterpiece sitting
directly next to you I see your lips
moving but all I hear is
I totally won I won didn't we leave it
up to the comments you know I won you
you oh why can't you walk normal in a
store super sliding he's so excited are
you sliding hi
are you asabi in are you a pretty little
or don't a picture okay hey why you
attack it's okay okay is it working
okay here I'm gonna take the picture and
I'll post it on Twitter so you can take
it off a Twitter okay okay come on if
you guys didn't know if you were not
aware next Friday is Black Friday that
means sales on sales on sales on what
are those I was just - I promise I don't
actually have them not that I told you
not to have those out when I come over
what do you mean I mean get you your
whole own set for your bed I don't know
if you know but in less than two weeks
from today my studio line it's coming
out of your dreams
no more Snoopy's in my life it's the
first time you're oh my gosh these are
the ugliest things I've ever seen in my
life
they look obese that's just what I'm
gonna say look look at them they're like
obese bear bears
big bone big bone bear bears okay Louis
the dinosaur it's kind of cool I guess
because he's named after us this is the
actual Lawrence dinosaur yes the real
one
okay I still hate him even though he's
the coolest one so far is this wall-e
why is this horn blew his horn is
actually great no it's not it's blue
like I see it yeah but the real one is
great this is Wally point one maybe you
should name him stupid points want
oh okay I close my eyes when I plunged
Wow that is a definition of love for a
stuffy I just took a punch punch mousse
he's not my son this is impostor and
this is tingle the Flamingo Pinkel top
Mingo gets three I'm initiating them
into the family okay that's what punches
are no no no I'm a dad oh you almost
knocked out my fake plumbing go nobody
likes your stuffies nobody wasabi ins do
not go get these stuffy's if you're a
true sobbing you hate stuffies just as
much as I hate stuffies no not do not
buy these don't buy these guys no no so
whatever you do do not do not do not
definitely buy this devious do you know
where you cannot go get them yet I do
but yeah okay good just keep it that way
they have little tiny pieces wait wait
I'm not gonna punch him to gosh oh look
how perfect this is you can cover the
whole face with one punch Lucy well I
got a really small oh you could I could
wow these are so punchable like moose
has the biggest face moose who's this
who's this oh yeah that's right moose
must be a wasabi cuz he hates to fees
let's see hey okay what's that treat bag
no here you go no no you don't get the
list of music moose talk to your brother
no do not eat him he's a baby he's ugly
baby
but he's still a baby me to work on
didn't eat them so it's not my fault yes
you're a good boy eat your burger eat
your burger he's not your real brother
eat him now I must go defeat your mom in
the gingerbread contest was gone by now
gingerbread houses a choir and guess
what I just had the most smartest idea
the most smartest idea okay you ready
for the gingerbread house well how about
we make this a little bit more
interesting what do you want yeah what
do you want more than anything in the
entire world
hello hey Joe come on you chicken like a
massage that's it okay I'll tell you
mine and then maybe you don't want to
alter yours you know those do fees you
have there's steel pads do you piece you
pick one and I get to put my bare butt
on one of them on the gingerbread house
challenge boyfriend princes girlfriend
video I'm posting tomorrow I'm gonna put
a pole and they're gonna decide on the
pole on the YouTube video who wins so
now you know it's fair because if I say
just have to comment in the comments
below there's no way I can keep count of
that but this pole is gonna tell the
truth I got to put my bare butt I want
to hear TVs I don't have no control over
my butt my butt does its own thing
seconds four seconds but it goes up if
yours is crazy if you get crazy with
your idea right now it goes up with well
come back me like two minutes
I'm ready I know what I want what is it
if I win I want to do a holiday family
photo shoot what family you mean yes
okay and Christmas sweaters and onesie
isn't oh okay that's two keys to I was
like no no no you didn't say now is it
with Sufis or with us too but that's the
abuse and I also want a five minute back
massage
what yeah this is awesome but you can't
ask for that and that I only get four
seconds I get ten seconds since I got
bear but honest Sufi of you in Christmas
family photo shoot yeah and uh five
hundred back massage okay well I would
have done the Christmas photo shoot
anyways so joke's on you huh okay
all right can I go now I have something
very important to tell them before you
rudely interrupt me with your skivvies
earlier come on I told you guys that we
got a bunch of these what should we call
them these are the first ever
this is Lorex hoodies 1.0 lawrence 2.0
hoodies are the hoodies that we put in
the store we restocked it twice both of
the restock sold out in 24 hours it was
insane but those were not the first
Lorax hoodies these were oh okay you got
the black one real oryx is smaller font
then you got the grey one and then you
got the hot pink one and these are all
different textures than the one we went
with these are the ones we officially
came out with but that's to point now if
you want the original og Lorex hoodies
that these Wow look at all these hoodies
1.0 2.0 yep the tie-dye you got the if
you're not smile you're doing it wrong
you got that black one Oh we'd be
killing the hoodie game doh now let me
explain to you what Black Friday is
Black Friday is the dip that everything
is that the cheapest it ever will be and
has been ever if you go the awesome sabe
dot-com next
Friday every single thing in the store
will be discounting everything I'm
telling you I'm gonna have old stuff I'm
gonna restock Lorex 2.0 hoodies I'm
gonna restock it tie-dyed hoodies
everything's making a comeback and
everything in the entire store 30% off
I'm just saying look I told you guys
this is 25% off so if it's usually
$39.99 that means it's $30 but on Black
Friday that's even 30% less so $30 minus
30% is $21 Oh that's cheaper than the
shirts oh that's the cheapest hoodie
ever to exist on Lok Sabha comm telling
you go check them out it's on the
hotness is though you don't even know
the new merch I have coming out I have
so much new merch coming out for Black
Friday because it is the day that it's
the cheapest for you guys I hate you
hard I have to give you all the merch I
got there's maybe five new merch items
going out on Black Friday check it out
I gotta do the end of blog talk move
your legs whoo that was close
welcome to the end of vlog talk you're
getting here what you say goodbye to the
gray hair gray Oh
why would you hit the gray hat do you
think goodbyes I said pedius say goodbye
oh there's the only one in existence and
it's going to a new home tomorrow don't
forget to come back tomorrow to enter
the gray hat wasabi one of a kind of
giveaway it's happening oh I forgot to
post the picture of that girl on Twitter
Eva Eva
I know wait till this vlog comes out
because she's probably sleeping I want
her to be excited when she sees it
okay okay that's all I got for you guys
today see you tomorrow when I beat
Lauren and making a gingerbread house
just like I did last year and until then
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it
