I passed out what would it be what it do
job my name is Alex wasabi it is 11:22
a.m. I haven't slept whoa that's not a
good thing it has been exactly 24 hours
and 22 minutes since I have slept but
it's not my fault I have a bad sleeping
schedule when I leave the state or the
time zone meaning Hawaii and they come
back to LA my time zones all mixed up
33 hours behind la 3 hours ahead oh so
for some reason I thought it would be a
good idea to just skip one whole night
of sleeping then stay awake all day so
that way I can't stay up late tonight
because I have been up for 36 hours
I am stay up until 10 p.m. tonight to
reset my schedule so that means I have
t-minus 10 hours and 37 minutes this is
I'm Marty I'm already I'm already tired
I'm no no no naps I can't no naps no
naps let's see how this goes I didn't
sleep last night why I just couldn't
sleep you guys sit down no I'm trying to
stay up all day if I stay up all day I
could reset my sleep schedule instead of
staying up all night again and then we'd
be Gucci I think we need to figure out
what we're gonna do how we gonna stay up
got me though we could hang up the
plaques oh yeah
oh yeah
oh well have we know he's up this is
actually the second with side
Corrections black because Roy I gave him
the original one when he decided to do
two guava juice so now I got a new one
and you got one and we got one
who's never hung out never having passed
out before ever
what's this one I don't know why they
tell me this but I have 100,000
subscriber ones ooh I was a long time
ago 99 98 99
oh that looks symmetrical the final
people we got the million we're getting
100,000 we got the million Dada da
okay now I can go to sleep why
okay just a quick montage
the first wait i've lived in in a very
long
I've never done this specific exercise
before no yeah no just keep just curl it
just curl it but Silesia you work
Hey Joe Joe Hey Joe he's still sleeping
I've been up all night and I need you to
help me stay awake oh my god wake up
from your little slumber of nap naps oh
man did you help me stay awake all day
please okay I took a second I took a
little bit nap your review you really if
you lay down here gonna die here I'll
sleep forever okay gonna help me stay
awake fine I'm gonna go home when they
go sleep if I go home no you want you
may go home I'll go sleep okay you have
five more minutes I'm gonna go home and
not sleep a little baby now but the baby
you know III you know what you know what
a little tiny nap can't hurt right I lay
down for a little bit maybe a 30-minute
nap wouldn't hurt right I'll definitely
get up it's only been 20 27 hours
without asleep I'll be fine
oh no it's nighttime Don't Tell or hey
buddy how was your day you have a good
productive day just like dad what do you
do today little why I like went to
meetings I like clean my room I wrote a
few scripts you know all day really yeah
that you slept for four and a half I'm
gonna leave your boyfriend or your
boyfriend's brother attracted you're at
home all day not responding to any texts
oh I was busy with the meetings I was
sleeping but it's okay because mousse
forgives me right if you forgive me give
me some side-eye
now let's clean some food bro I not food
yeah you can eat me do it quickly just
get it over with
Hawaii travel video out now go watch it
oh yeah why cuz I'm I can't
welcome to the end of blog talk I should
not have attempted to stay up for 36
hours yeah I passed out I don't even I
don't remember laying in bed to go to
sleep I was passed wow I was on that
tired tired and I hate hate hate when I
oversleep because it interferes with my
vlog length
to controlled cooling tempur-pedic
memory foam mattress casino I do not
recommend my sleep schedule readjustment
method doesn't work don't do it just go
to sleep
every time I go out of state or to a
different time zone it throws me off
when I come back and then I'm Crocky
now I can't sleep and I'm up all night
and I'm just I just so tired but I think
tonight is gonna be the night that I
flip everything around because it's 3:00
a.m. and I am about to go to sleep right
now I know through a.m. sounds like it's
pretty late but that's actually really
early for me because I've been going to
see like 6:00 a.m. which it's not good
see you guys tomorrow on the next vlog
as always also there's this thing black
thing I had an Epiphone II the best
giveaway idea I've ever thought of it
came to me out of nowhere today I don't
know why I didn't think of it before but
it come back tomorrow to find out it's
gonna be one of your guys's favourite
giveaways a furniture today do me a
favor
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong
