know what it is would it be what it
duped Oh in yesterday's vlog I showed
you guys the two finalists for the Lorex
montage contest I told you that you
could vote between them the first or the
second video and yesterday's vlog in the
comment section so I'm gonna check it
out keep an eye on it all day and keep
an eye on Lauren all day so she doesn't
see that vlog and see the video entries
because I want to record her reacting to
the winner for you at the end of this
day for sure boy boost my son come to me
I reach out my hand to you okay I
thought this is gonna be a friendly
encounter today get strong why are you
so crazy today
are you so crazy whoa long bro keep it
PG hey seniorita
you didn't watch today's vlog yet did
you good cuz there's two lords finalists
two lords montage finalists for no it's
okay not okay for you guys though for
you you know what I'm talking to you
guys every day you come back I'm waiting
for the winner I don't even know yet
there's a pole at the end of the video
and I said in the comments and they're
gonna let me know once they let me know
I'm gonna film your reaction to it okay
excited they worked for a month or I
look 3,000 entries for you that's crazy
this is a second anniversary present I
think this is just a comic so you didn't
want to
like hello what's that what your hand
what's that where's my hand let me see
you I see what is it huh I did not know
not that pink not got Pinker not that
Pinker no not that pig no no no no no
this one this one no excuse me are you
cold
he look cold hello there you got some
goose bumps on your bodies let me see oh
that's a goose bumpy look you can see
that wait wait wait see still sit still
no wait
you got goose bumps you know what you
should do you should find some kind of
pattern clothing to put over your body
to make you warmer I think I've seen on
your waist before so back to this
flannel conversation do you think it's
worth being cold for style nah now
you're cold look look you can see them
like ninety eight point six ninety six
point eight you're definitely in the low
70s Lucy oh my gosh so cold today we
have come by the USC campus because
there's a chick-fil-a here how we all
about that chick-fil-a alive hey guys
right Lauren oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
that's me right there twelve Peaceville
I get two of all but wait two of them if
you guys ever go to any chick-fil-a ask
for the Alex wasabi combo and they gonna
hook you up
check this out well feast Nuggets 12
seats Nuggets that equal 24 plus some
fries plus six Polynesian sauces and a
large Diet Coke just walk into any chip
blame day yo hug me out with that Alex I
combo go we're not gonna have any idea
what you're talking about unless they're
wasabi n' and if they are wasabi end and
you just got a new friend with your meal
where's it Lauren likes to go shopping
hi AM boyfriend and boyfriend not like
shopping so let me give you a little tip
on how to get out of shopping with your
girlfriend
I'm right here Shh she walked away hey
hey what wacko though she's you okay
hello I'm trying to talk tonight too
much it's not a secret it's not a secret
she is so sovereign and Alex
conversation please no no secret
professional top secret classified tip
is when she takes you shopping and she
asked you Oh what do you think about
this what do you think about this you
always pick the ugly one or when you're
walking by you could be like oh what
about this I really like this and make
sure it's the ugliest thing you've ever
seen the worst style horrible color it's
the opposite of what she's looking for
that way she'd be like oh I don't want
to bring him shopping anymore he has bad
opinions he has bad style but you don't
but you think you do but you don't let
me show you how this works
Hey
hmm I think that one no I think it just
it screams elegance it's a deer has
heels on
no yes heels on a dress that's nice hey
no come on
you sure okay what about this guy look
at this look oh you carve your own face
into it I'm not saying I want that
that's gross oh geez carrot it's a snake
what are these your skirt steaks thought
we were friends bro whoa this is a
rotating tree Santa Claus are you gonna
up and down a liar that goes to nowhere
all by herself the most amazing day of
my life whoa look he's really he's not
even attached to it oh man of many
talents are here Santa Claus oh he's
going up to hang the Krishna slides
Santa doesn't hang Christmas lights
what about this this tree right here
wowzers so what this one oh you thought
I was playing at this one no no I'm
plenty the one behind it this one right
here looks like a snow-covered tree
looks so real like you're walking up
horse and that's kind of tree you would
find looks so real and natural no how
about this this story here oh they don't
like it okay what's hers you want like
the classy ones like this one why not
like my choice is trying so hard to pick
the perfect stuff
you know maybe I'm not cut out for this
shopping thing you know I having you
here is really really fun what because
you show me all the things that I should
you've been such a great help thank you
so much I'm so glad you're here
backfire now for the moment you've all
been waiting for
I kept an eye out in the comments of
yesterday's vlog and it's pretty
majority voted on one side it was either
the first video or the second video both
of them really good both of them very
creative and both of them very unique
and I think that we have a win and it's
time to show Lauren the 2017 Lorex
montage contest winner I never done the
list of videos to 2122 ten from ten to
five then I had a few friends come over
help me decide on the top - the top five
videos were so good if you saw two of
them
that means there's three more left I'm
gonna reach out to those people that
made those videos and see if they will
allow me to post it on my channel and
one of my vlog says it was so good I
just want you guys to see how good it
was and I'll give them credit and
everything so keep an eye on your emails
because I might be emailing you on that
soon soon or dmn you on that so soon but
right now I got show my beautiful
girlfriend some of that dope dope I have
the second gift with the first gift on
oh no oh I took it off just because I'm
sleeping here and I wanna forget eggs I
want to wear it everyday okay well here
is present number two of the two-year
anniversary of Lorax this is from a
wasabi in' and you didn't watch
yesterday's vlog right
no I didn't okay I narrowed it down to
two finalists one named Kevin and one
named Addison no
I know Addison is my favorite name and
that's what I'm gonna name my firstborn
son gonna start with a because I'm Alex
and I was just like whoa it's the one
chosen yeah no crazy I've never met so
meri Madison crazy I love that name okay
okay
you ready yeah so me tell me tell me
tell me here we go this is it ready yeah
okay I can't believe their name is
actually out it went after you both Alex
we are just friends we are not dating
a little horns I think it just made me
that there's some moose in here Wow Wow
I know there's so much anything one of
this for once wasn't girl so pretty
we met New York City hey you remember
this we do the rhyming in Dublin
little did she know I wasn't giving me
too I like the different music they
didn't just use one song they like mix
it up defeated it in
I know and then they had a beat up for a
blow down bar and so good Wow all the
kisses I know wow my kids a lot on
camera we do I didn't realize how much
they kiss like camera we're gonna do I
know what I totally forgot about that
yeah random like we did that on a whim
like weird it's like I wasn't even there
no that was in DC and spent after day in
DC after playlist and we were just like
yeah let's just like go to a psychic
League that's a fun thing to do I
totally forgot about that
is it love longing is great people this
is why you should all have long because
things like this happen to love zero
life accurate married by 27 could be
accurate by 718 that's that that's like
the most crazy part honestly Wow I'm
sure I know it just like so crazy
because like a year ago our house was
not on the horizon whatsoever I'm Chuck
continued
videos so many my favorite for it is the
ending it's so so long you were crazy
crazy
I've been wow that's so great look at
you man thanks for the memories and
teaching us to believe in ourselves and
our dreams here's to another two more
years and before not smiling you're
doing it wrong wait
choose break out now okay okay fine
thank you
good a hot bun but for now
how about one more year okay wait just
one more Thank You Addison
Steelman that was dope I see that you go
by Spencer Steelman but just know
Addison is a really cool name so maybe
you'll think about going back also go
check out his channel I'm gonna put the
link right here and in the description
below go check it out I'm gonna be
tweeting it out and I'm gonna be hosting
a little snippet on Instagram so keep an
eye out for that and make sure to
subscribe to him two things I really
like about the end as he didn't put like
a long talk at the end he just put
himself in for 30 seconds just enough to
be like hello and he has like a nice
little saying like he's like oh good
here's the two more years ended it funny
it's so good thank you so much I don't
even know what to say thanks for all
work I'll be hitting you up about that
$5,000 - every time I watch it for some
reason at the end I'm sweaty funny well
to be fair 23 out of 24 hours of the day
I'm sweaty so good so as I mentioned
before there are three more videos that
were in the top five that you guys
haven't seen and I'm going to give them
to you meaning whenever you're having a
bad day you let me know and I'm gonna
show you the video and put it in the
blog you have three videos anytime in
the future any vlog you tell me yeah
yeah it's a good job - thank you guys
today
see you tomorrow when another epic thing
is going down I'm not sure what it is
but trust me he's copy happy and do me a
favor don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong let's
see me feel work ready
Wow magic okay bye
