and there's something wrong Warren you
make it a set-aside what it is would it
be what it do though it's time to say
bye-bye to the Hawaii oh look at that
look at that look at that time I buy
half naked old people by high mountain
high clouds I look like Mufasa
he's coming at you Wi-Fi trees okay
let's go I've been up for like three
hours
let's go only knew how much ever I go to
wake you up
I would let's go
I like your ring yeah I like it more
okay look
before you start the montage hurt a
situation we've got no roof on the Jeep
and just a little spring key spring key
let's bring these a little spring keys
breaking it's not too bad and why it
rains like in five minutes so it's gonna
pass yeah oh it's done
nah yeah hey maybe that's done crisis
averted
okay see you at all
mom whoa you got so dark I got doric I
know I'm when that dark dark it's hard
to tell on camera they can't tell I've
got some comments I got you're not that
dark I am that dark on Cassie dark that
is dark is you on that dark dark boy
you're worse
that's right you got me my dark my dark
hey goofy goober look even compared to
guppy dirt oh yeah my dark guppy just
got home after a long vacation for my
two year anniversary Lauren and it just
so happens to be one of my friends
birthdays I'm so tired but I gotta make
them oh wow
I like your onesie thanks if you didn't
know Lauren has a onesie line coming out
and it's the best onesies you've ever
seen in yellow tile I'll check them out
where debride calm please Brian calm
what's the name of this guy in the car
unicorn you'll need okay let's go hurry
oh hey let's go hello Winnie the Pooh
let us in love a man I'm a reindeer
thank you today is the Nemo - Bethany
motifs birthday she has all her friends
in here but then I saw this beautiful
soul right here hey Dave up a hill and
he asked me to go explore the house idea
on you we found the staircase how about
you go first could you just like your
hair so you can like block people yeah
you been doing squat I bet this is like
a crow's nest kind of thing to do hey
man everything's meant to be oh this is
like a crow's nest
oh-oh-oh-oh Hollywood we out here I live
over there I used to live over here
agent Liz like ten states that way this
is cool I'll be hanging over her all the
time
I like it okay guess we gotta go
socialize to make out now but what do
you close another fine hey you do you
got it boxers on I know you do at least
yeah what do you think yes or no yes yes
you have something on I'm scared
no you guys slept it okay you got
underwear okay okay okay that's good
that's good enough
oh you got a shirt I got a what are you
wearing under there they wearing clothes
oh she got a full well but nobody's
naked
nobody's making at your birthday party
here's a tip your onesie doesn't get a
lot of body meeting a lot of people
around you what you guys this my new
iPhone X is it awesome yeah is it look
this is the seven plus we sent you some
messages by the way
that's smaller time oh wait the screens
bigger it's only screen there's a hold
on so let's light up the screens Oh
so the screen is a lot bigger yeah the
screens bigger why is it not been as
fast I feel like mine's batteries not
it's not next day have a long day of
traveling a long night of chillin with
the homies and now I need a haircut I
was going for a long time I didn't get a
haircut before who I eat I didn't get a
haircut in Hawaii they just haven't had
a haircut in a long time and I know it
doesn't look very long to you guys but
my head's feeling kinda heavy so I gotta
get it trimmed up get it looking on nice
for my girl for you guys but you gotta
see me every day I know you'd be coming
back because you subscribed and you got
that notification Melana you get
notified every time and I gotta be
looking good of the thumbnails for you
to see with your boos we make
Oh Oh have you looked in on that dope
dope
let's go see what the family thinks I
came over show the family my haircut and
there's something wrong Lauren you make
it a sad decide I came over and I was so
scared you'd make the car you didn't
tell me you're crying God tell me
something no I'll bring you candies and
chocolates and flowers and a new car why
you so sad don't cry don't cry don't cry
it crying over now it's just talk talks
lose you stink you smell so bad I could
smell you up here I'm 2 feet above you
you smell like doodoo butter
Lauren is sad because if you don't know
Laura and she's a super hard worker and
she works SuperDuper hard upon
everything and she works she was super
excited about her onesies that came out
yesterday well thinking about today but
in this vlogs yesterday and a site
crashed because you guys went super hard
for the onesies these onesies right here
well there's four different ones
go get them make her unsaid the site is
hopefully up by now if it's not then I'm
just gonna go on the rampage and in all
over Los Angeles
I'm gonna go door-to-door selling these
onesies to make sure that you guys get
them because she wants you to be happy
what don't cry you looking to cry okay
fight it fight it fight it don't cry
most youtubers that sell merch go
through the same thing I happens to me
all the time when you open a site you
guys all go so hard to go get them cuz
you represent for those audience or the
pretty little lords or the Lorax Pam
we're like Oh psych crash sorry guys
they're gonna be up tomorrow that's not
how the Lord DIYs of the world will work
they just cry is because she cares so
much and I care too but she's super
carries a super guy
so go get the onesie you have to get the
onesies if you get the onesies and then
she'll suck our tears back up like and I
got two new hoodies in there too so get
the onesies and then get the hoodies but
get the onesies first and then go to
Allah be calm and get the brand-new
hoodies never-before-seen stay out now
all day represent also one more thing
we're gonna watch this is us first and
then I'll tell you guys okay okay dad
hey guys I know we both have March on
right now but go to her onesie site get
her onesies first then get my hoodies if
you can only get one if your parents are
like no you can only have one go get the
onesie and then and then get the hoodie
later we can do this the power of Lorex
will prevail woo yeah oh there you go
one more mission make my girlfriend feel
better complete and now it's time for
the end of vlog talk it is finally here
the winner of the $5,000 two-year
anniversary Lorex montage contest has
been selected looking 3000 videos that
you guys sent to me to give to Lauren as
a present for our anniversary I have
found the one the ones most dope dope
most epic on that good place it even had
moments in there from vlogs that I
completely forgot about and I was like
oh yeah
no way good person super did their
research
tomorrow's blog make sure you come back
because I am going to reveal the video
and I'm gonna tell you who has won now I
was gonna wait to show you guys the
hoodies that are gonna come out tomorrow
at 3 p.m. when the vlog goes up just
gonna show you now introducing the most
requested hoodies
so one thing you guys have been
commenting about tweeting about begging
me to make have finally been made so
here is the first ever if you're not
smiling you're doing it wrong my that
wasabi merch has ever come out with the
if you're not smiling you're doing it
wrong t-shirts hold at nighttime now so
I just can't wear those shirts so imma
be rockin the hoodies for days they're
gonna sell out super fast so get yours
before it sells out it always happened
and I always get sad tweets and hours
feel so bad but it's because you guys
you got a make move as soon as tomorrow
walk down 3 p.m. oh I'll go pick
Lauren's one piece and then come on
yourself up with some if you're not
small you're doing the wrong hoodies for
sure see you tomorrow
and until then don't forget to remember
