it's up to match it or something like
that
what what is would it be wanted to down
there we go okay that's gross here we go
please please I be ready bra it's our
anniversary
let's celebrate right now come come and
it just
we have made it to the destination and
the destination is Waimea Bay this is a
very popular spot people come to to
relax get on that dork store most of the
time but not today
they let you jump off a giant 30-foot I
rock over there doesn't look that high
from here but that is a really big jump
and it calls it today so the new Alex is
coming I was gonna do mega clips and
dives and awesome tricks they said no no
under go go jump jumps but don't fret
because I found something else Lauren
and I can do what we can fight the fight
the waves Oh No that sounds like
drowning to me for some reason
there are signs all up on the left side
of the beach saying dangerous shore
break that means
the waves are big and they slammed on
the right side they're more calm so
basically the right side of each Lauren
the left side of the beach is it
represents me and you're gonna come to
the dark side right oh look we time it
correctly we can run in before the wave
hits so again we can get in there why
it's the extreme to the max I'm thinking
I gotta be outgoing
I'm outgoing okay what's this look I'm
gonna show them though I'm gonna show
you guys why she's scared look it's not
that bad oh well we're a little more
going oh no where is it all going oh see
little bit waves far and they're not
that big I don't see any okay oh wait
what's that boy that was that oh oh dad
not that at all what was she scared of
okay okay you trying to get me more on I
see you there's nothing happening it
keeps looking like it's about to turn
into a big wave and then he just stops
right there and then it's not cool oh
there that one that one on oh we go come
on come on come on a crash crash crash
crash crash OH
but okay that was kind of scary a little
bit a little bit I'm not going to worry
about I just stared at that water for
like five minutes and barely any waves
came but little kids hanging out right
at the front of it it doesn't crash it
just goes up and down that's it up and
down the Proms a super proms
that means super promise I Supes proms
look I'm telling you I'm telling you we
got to do it come on come on hello what
are you doing let's be unsafe in the
water no no come come
hey ready I'm going to show you how to
get past the big wave you know like in
wanna where she made it over the big
wave finally or in castaway when he
think he made it over the break point is
it's not bad right she's scared I'll
show you how to get over a big way
perhaps hard pass I am not wanna baby do
they're huge they're getting bigger
supposed to go probably literally just
got bigger
no get that hand away but you're not
transitioning we're not trying that
today no don't be ascared Barbie
don't be
come on the ocean has chose you you're a
scaredy-cat I'm going by myself
by now it's not even
we were just updated that the cliff is
closed all of winter but that's a bunch
of people on there right now so that's
why they kick us all off I'm gonna do
one jump rope left I'd be over in a
second and say no no no okay so of
course I'll get up on the rock and
stress
like forty feet
that's core and farther than I remember
b2
you lie I'm a little concerned that the
footage is shaky cuz I was nervy do it
again jump number one the camera was
shaky and Lauren was nervy but now I'm
not now I know it's exact I got this I
got this I got you guys I can't get that
good good footage but there's just so
much salt I saw my buddy
between jumping off the cliffs swimming
in the water fighting the way liming the
rocks laying out having the Sun take my
energy I am tired and I think I got a
little bit more on that dark dork but it
was more about relaxing enjoying our
two-year anniversary and having a good
time with my girlfriend are you ready
for your present you don't want it
oh I don't we have to go we have to we
don't have it here back at the hotel
you'll want it oh okay sure okay
positive we don't I don't have to give
it to you
you know ah flies hey sure I mean I
could just keep it for myself oh it's a
secret but you about to find out right
new Oh No then I ran over the cone
gonna be worse what oh it wasn't that
good oh this guy knocked over a whole
pole okay now I don't feel bad about the
go you ready to head back we got an hour
drive ahead of us let's go
would you like to take a guess as where
we're going it's right around the corner
up here well I would think in our whole
relationship I don't think I ever bought
you any jewelry oh oh no I have never
bought you a Jewish so I should buy you
something it's up the machen or
something like that what oh oh
I'm not I might be crazy it's just gonna
be as big as my love for you
okay not that big cuz then then I'd have
to buy the whole store Oh God okay let's
go you ready I don't think they're gonna
let us film in there we'll go look
around okay let's go go go go go go
oh my gosh
about 45 minutes ago we walked in there
and we walked out with a little
something-something we're gonna get some
food real quick and then after you can
see what we got but if you look really
closely maybe I'll accidentally leave a
clip of her hand in it
and you can see what it is so watch very
keep Yui hell on hey chicken nugget I
like your new ring which finger is it on
what does that mean okay okay which side
from which side of the hand
wait second from the thumb or the pinky
Wow let's just order some food let's
just order something so much food all do
these were food this is food that's food
that's food that's food oh it's not on
this hand hey do you like it a lot how
much from one to ten forty five forty
five
that's way past ten that must mean you
really like it okay we're gonna let's go
back and show them at the house
department at the hotel
you ready to show them what I got you
that I wasn't supposed to get you but I
want I know I wanted to get you
something I never bought you jewelry
before I think you want trips a lot and
you like trips I know you like trips
better but I didn't want to be that with
her that never got a girlfriend jewelry
before I want to be that guy I mean
there's so many girls that watch i vlog
and guys that watch I've loved they're
watching it with their girlfriend and
they're like boy quality time is always
better and you it is better but
everyone's I want every two years
apparently different look are you ready
I don't know they're ready wait I wish I
had my bracelet this is my bracelet if
you watch my vlogs all you see me
wearing all the time and this is what
Lauren got Erina this ring is just a
ring sized version of my bracelet that I
always wear and it's gold because Lauren
always wears the bold and I'm always
rocking the silver or the white
snoopy why you so boogy boogy oh wait
sniff you blurry right now hold on
rockin car da she wanted to look me in
the eye no just because you bought me
Julia's Avenue to punt any of these but
don't forget there's a part to your
present yeah yeah yeah Friday November
10th I will be posting the number one
video entry sent to me for the $5,000
two year anniversary
lauric montage ton afraid it's gonna be
a big bitch you need to find out who the
winner is which one of you guys worked
super hard and put your talent on the
line and showed your editing skills and
won the prize and I'm releasing two new
hoodies never-before-seen I'm probably
most your brand you're like wait the
hoodies aren't gonna be I know I say
this very often but everybody we've sold
so far and done really good we did the
Lauren's hoodies sold out immediately
with it the tie-dye aww Alex wasabi
hoodies sold out immediately this is the
third edition of the hoodies you've kind
of seen it before but not like this
it's coming at you with the quickness
and add always it's gonna sell out first
24 hours we've never had a hoodie put
out that didn't sell in the first 24
hours so hop on it get yours first get
your friends some for Christmas get an
early Christmas present get some you can
put the turkey at Thanksgiving in an
extra-small hoodie and put them in there
keep them warm and ready to go for
Thanksgiving cuz there's a lot of a lot
of options with these kinds of sweaters
today is the end of our two year
anniversary I hope you had fun hope you
have fun I didn't have fun this is my
this is the most fun day I had on the
whole trip
me too I agree yeah but tomorrow it is
time for us to head back to reality to
see guppy Aaron and Muse yes that's all
I got for you guys today
see you tomorrow as always until then
don't forget to remember if you're not
smiling you're doing it
rokay what Oh Snoopy that was not the
mystic
