oh it's a big beat oh the big me what it
is would it be what I do though we go oh
can we go please I've been ready since
8:30
what a view the world
oh they pledge to view the face I'll go
no so muscular muscles you must do all
your push-ups oh my gosh look at your
big paws and how big muscles and your
big smile here we are
chop the track juice bar oh we heard
this place have the best acai in all the
land we're doing the truth all right
oh sorry sorry sorry say all right you
are gonna help painful oh you know about
that people that befallen like flu dad
got strawberries you got I say ya
bananas I got blueberries oh I'm not a
fan of the coconuts and I got a bee
pollen this right here this is Street
from the bees behold for sure no no no
no no no no no no no no no why why why
cuz it just needs a little bit for what
what picture take a picture yours
yeah only if you'll tell me who has the
kinkiest beat who is base hey ready for
the best ice able and all of bro
now I do say that this might be had to
be a tradition okay twelve seconds later
I dip our dad it was so good I want to
take one home I don't want to raise it
and I want to send it off to a good
school and I want to I want to have
grand açaí babies because it was that
good
this place is called tropical Drive is
this the only place in Waikiki oh you
weren't lying man on the island oh this
is good I'm gonna come back here every
time come back to Hawaii I'm gonna come
back in a year are you gonna be here
okay I have fans on watch this they're
named wasabi ins and if they come by and
say they're all wasabi in in a year I'm
gonna ask you how many came by okay okay
deal yeah okay you gotta you got to put
a tally on the wall every time ho they
can make their own market okay okay you
heard it you heard it what's your name
yeah Daniel said Daniel tells truth oh
my god brush my teeth when Lauren
schools on vacation our main goal is to
get on that bark door that's something
not our main goal one of our goals is to
get on that cool and I'm going to
achieve darkness of the maximum with
this this brownie lotion and its most
intense your tan this one looks like
smells like coffee and very often sauce
you see it's not like cream barbecue oh
yeah
Korean barbecue and coffee put together
and it's kind of gross why only get dark
orange could be jelly suits jelly ready
oh my eyes
like you like a bodybuilder going in for
your competition it's gonna attract the
Sun Hung can get oh I'm attracted to him
and I'm gonna get dark immunity jelly
we're gonna put on my face a little bit
now you get the armpits a little bit and
wait oh no oh no I can't reach my back
no no that gonna be pasty today Hey
all right this this cost you at least
two final Instagram say 60 photos 60
photos yeah
so two photos 30 for each that's a lot
okay well then we're back in I was like
infinity Instagram pictures for you if
you tag me in each one that I suppose no
there's only old people here all the way
to do it okay I got you
oh it's a big beat oh it's a big meet
you
now we ready to get door first sure this
is where it's all about to go down this
is when dark alleys a riotous
the ashes as a new mix update laying out
for a while laid out a little bit more
and I'm on that sweaty sweat it is hot
I'm pretty sure I sweat it off all the
SPF all the brow a lotion within the
first 10 minutes so by my calculations I
might be burned but we not gonna find
out until tonight when everything
settles in either I'm gonna be on that
dark dark gonna be on that burn burn
only time will tell
it's so hot how much of my sweating can
you describe to them how much I'm
sweating I only tell you it's got a
bucket of water from your head either
close whoa that's great yeah yeah you're
like majorly perspiring okay imagine
that but on my entire body look at my
chest this yeah yeah I can see it Keyes
yeah yeah yeah yeah imagine that
everywhere especially in my butt crack
it's bad there it's it's it's a man
moist right now to the max hello hello
I'm Alex hello hello we love each other
everything all day
dork I don't know if you guys could tell
but I was looking in the mirror and I
was a wool I have dork and it didn't
even settle in yet like borign got
darker she got to the darkness that I
was when I got here but I'm at a whole
nother level and we got one more full
day of beach activities so I'm gonna get
even darker by the time we leave on
Tuesday for sure hey do you make it put
in hi-c for sure fish I'm a dork I'm
trying to be so dark I can't see where
my hair and my shirt starts you're just
like oh wow
that dude dork Kenny's going happen let
me get these guys with a little bit of
knowledge when you're on vacation it's
not just about getting massages and
doing cool activities it's about doing
what you want that you can't do at home
because busy and for me that's going to
the movies cuz I'm about to see boom
Thor and Hulk are about to be all up in
this movie just like Iron Man was in
vitamins movie and it's gonna be on that
dope though I'm aware of this
that knowledge in my brain and I pass it
on to both you deal hand you excited do
you usually go to the movie theaters on
a vacation only with you
yay I did not expect these wait me all
get rose these can be seen we get this
train we were a couple it was a weird
until you said it now make you feel
we're back for sure
oh my gosh are you kidding this is this
is the best movie theater effort this is
the best video I really oh my gosh guys
you have to go see Thor it was so cool
Oh dirty ground ready go up dirty ground
Oh 30 grams is that too much so much
that's not yet too much yeah let's do
the end of lock top as information
esterday my $5,000 Lorex montage to
university contests and I told them into
you and I'll show you the winning video
on our anniversary but I had to postpone
it until the 10th because a lot of you
forgive me today was it chill day I got
door Lauren got dork but tomorrow the
epic adventures continue let me just hit
you with this hint go it's uh I'm about
to like jump off a cliff you gotta jump
off no no no he cuts me no oh
make sure to come back tomorrow see how
that goes and do me a favor do not
forget to remember if you're not smiling
you're doing it wrong one more thing
wait wait wait now that Lauren is
falling asleep I can tell you guys that
tomorrow I'm gonna be getting her
it'll be breaking our promise because we
promised not to get each other anything
and that this Hawaii trip and the
montage from you guys that I am
selecting on Friday would be enough but
I'm gonna get a little something
tomorrow just just a little something
okay bye
