what it is would it be what you do duh
chillin in Hawaii doing our thing with
my girl by my side as always looking all
chill for sure oh okay
what is this okay I'd not like bother
there you go and we're at one of my
favorite Hawaiian restaurants that I
always stop at every time I come to
Waikiki and it's called eggs and things
we need yes we do need eggs in vain but
we need energy for the adventures better
about what in our life hold up we've
never done before it's probably one of
the most dangerous things one of the
most exciting the cutest things we've
ever done you guys along so let me get
my food on right quick and then we go
for the first time ever it's gonna be on
that so for sure hey I think we're gonna
switch to the GoPro cuz it's about to
get around agreed
helicopter was so cool especially open
door it was dull and it is experience
I'm never gonna forget
moving on under the day excuse me you
have any qualms juice you deal nothing
that's okay never mind memories what are
you gonna get to eat chicken wing
chicken wings time to get healthy
because I'm gaining a little weight I've
gained a little weight this much this
much this much this much and it's all
right here because right here okay I'm
not gonna pretend it's out there so Lord
you enjoy your chicken wings well I
enjoy my sighs watch the sunset on the
beach with me what's wrong why Hill
crows you'll earn your buds day watch
your butts dang girl
hey hey gosh you something why old blood
stain your butt stain girl it's so
staying but your bow host thanks so much
it's on a Tinky Tinky
years have actually a label of warning
sign that says it's okay the five
thousand dollar Lorax montage contest is
now closed no more entries are being
taken in actually went through the email
I have a bunch of more you must go
through what I cut it off if you try to
email it it might say it's sent through
but on my side it goes straight to the
trash because I told you that November
5th was the last day to send it and
guess what today is
it's on that November 5th that's right
now lots more important topics like the
stinky black hole you think you follow
why are your booty sting hey I'm serious
though why you blood-stained girl what's
that stink boy you mustang but I think
what's so bad the area right we just sat
down and just cleared that one smell if
they can't know one time I was talking
to the the mayor of Y and he was like
hey Alex how's the yes mayor of white
he's like wild girl from blood-stained
Elmo oh the Sun is almost gone it's so
beautiful
right
your stank but you're thinking you think
that's healthy there's only one cure for
thing but this idiot
close your eyes yeah - I don't know
think this is for you
you know Alex the first stage thank but
if anything you have to thank but you
know what the first first opposite stage
is denying that you're stank box you got
stand by you oh my gosh just comment
down below who got stink but me or
Lauren you did you pull with one finger
did she does what does not Lorax of you
put all fingers all your pingers okay
I'm gonna cure your thing but okay your
statement
repeat after me let me see oh oh you
guys same way
Oh trust me
you got sting what were you watching I'm
watching the try guys become Grossman
Ricky's wedding okay you're watching the
try guys and why are you watching it not
full screen I don't know what do people
do that you're not the only one that
does that have a little friends yeah you
don't full screen on your phone either
yes I do
yeah but a lot of the times you don't my
every time it's because I haven't
decided we're gonna commit to the video
yet but obviously nine minutes in out of
a 40-minute video I'm coming to the
video it's weird
are you guys Alex where you watch full
screen from the beginning if you're
gonna watch a video you click it and
play it turn it fullscreen or you watch
like 90% of it and then not ever even go
fullscreen because I pull screen what
are you doing because of the cuteness
you're a brand your wedding day I
probably will I cried when I got my
parents a house flashback you took care
of us
yep I brought you guys here because I
wanted to repay you
repay you for the life you gave us for
the love you put in our hearts and just
show you how much you need to be I got
you guys a little something what you
have to know you had to watch full
screen you're basically blind anyways
I've kept a bar wagon see close up okay
let's go
why do you take three hundred thousand
years to get ready to leave to go eat
dinner let's go
Oh
thank you you forgot something didn't
you
what'd you forget you feel something
okay let's go I don't know you know you
forgot to clean your stank bye okay okay
this is okay camera tonight is a good
night I'm in Hawaii looking at the ocean
sitting on my balcony I got my
girlfriend I got my chicken that's all I
need vacationing means going somewhere
and relaxing this this this is how I
relax this is nice sweet finish system
to the end of our clock that sounds like
a plan
welcome to the end of vlog talk due to
the epicness of today's vlog lauren has
turned into a pile of blankets and
pillows she has gone to sleep because
she knows today is another action-packed
adventure pack today in Hawaii so I
gotta do the same thanks for coming by
today it has been a pleasure to have you
here thanks for subscribing thanks for
liking the vlogs for part taken and all
our journeys that we are taking upon new
it's been a lot of fun and it's barely
halfway through see you tomorrow as
always and do me a favor don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it
