here for Valentine's Day what it is
would it be what it - duh here's what's
going down in a couple of days it's
gonna be Valentine's Day now being a
youtuber and dating a youtuber makes
Allan ties day Christmas birthdays not
the easiest things to do because
anything that Lauren once she already
has because she worked so hard and she
can get whatever she wants so this
Valentine's Day it's gonna have to be
about what I do not about what I bought
let's figure it out come on target
this is the deal we're on the way to
target but it's really a few days out so
Valentine's Day so oh that's how they
stuff might be gone so we're gonna check
it out and see what we worked over
I'm super sore as you know reading it as
big as a movement in my life and they
shut the escalators off I could barely
walk
it hurts to sit at this shit the
elevators off what not off to a good
start
oh man they got through those elevators
behind nothing here no where's the
Candy's this is all I could get a bunch
of flowers but I got no Valentine's
candy no chocolate no card no nothing
nothing there is nothing in the
Valentine aisle so we had to improvise
winter on the store and found the best
of the best things to express my love to
my girlfriend line hey whoa whoa whoa
hey don't look at the car Hey don't look
in the corner don't don't look in the
court wait
all right it is finally balance times
dead Laurens gonna be here in a few
hours and I got a lot of work to do look
at this place it's not dirty
it's kind of clean and I take the trash
out I gotta rearrange some stuff I got
some things at the stove to hook it up
and then get on with all let me W but
first X Swiffer okay actually we're
gonna have dinner
me and Lauren in the future not anytime
soon hopefully
Lauren likes this but she appreciates it
more wanna just put in the work to do
something special
rather than just easily buying something
here so hopefully things go well I
should put that in the shoot again I
started the cooler member of society
alright almost done with this chimp here
this chair goes here not today no sir
Oh web problems all clean now to set up
the Valentine
they didn't have red tablecloths
so I had to use my imagination and I got
a red blanket red sheet
oh yeah whatever oh look at that oh
that's nice
and that's not all wait wait wait oh
look at dad is it better though this
yeah without it got this for when Lauren
it's cold because you know she's always
hold at all times do you think that I
didn't learn anything from over two and
a half years of dating the queen of the
eye why
well you guessed wrong bow poured in
there oh oh yeah that's what you call a
tag Jericho gosh Burnett this is why
Lauren is between of you a few minutes
later okay that's the work no a little
longer than a few minutes later there
you go oh well he was wrong again
are we getting their own antic I'm
starting to feel that Valentine wire
okay okay no more oh wait there's still
number I produce oh wow there's still
thorns great wool on that florist I'm a
youtuber and a spider a boxer oh it's
gotta work for sure enough accurately
display my feelings no what do you are
Wow beautiful
flip it around should that for something
oh my gosh oh yeah we need dinnerware
silverware yeah what are you gonna give
her food what food Oh Oh normally could
do what we could get some filet mignon
and marinating cooked up
nice with sauteed shrimp you know how
should I try it oh we can get some
onions you could make so much right now
it makes you forget cool a delight she
loved it but we don't know how to cook
oh yeah come in hi lifesaver thank you
okay we got to the game time whew
rocking that boats Haga Louise if you
wanna know about it that you don't know
about it okay so we've got the food
we've got everything set up I got the
bling bro she's cold
now I just have a bunch more tweaks I
gotta do then I'm having dinner with the
best girlfriend in the whole wide she's
here look good good
sit down your back are you ready mr.
favourite oh wait I reckon mine is mine
I made this all myself
we're gonna have our own little intimate
date so you know we just got Bora Bora
yeah sorry I didn't bring you guys along
for the baptized dinner it was a nice
little little conversation we had about
how I found out severe have bad
classroom no but it was a little no
funny experience but of course after all
this hard work all you want to do is
take pictures of the petals on the floor
so I split them up for her so you can do
your thing
come on let's do it lay down
oh yeah here we go
and done
two hours later picture number 2117 Oh
point three oh look we switched cameras
there you got your camera hope you guys
enjoyed this year's wasabi Valentine's
blog I know you did all those days what
about that one time in third grade when
Tommy gave you ten Valentine's cards and
he gave nobody else was not even Tommy
didn't give you those no wouldn't give
you a Valentine's Day card everybody
body make sure to come back tomorrow
because in tomorrow's video I am going
to tweet out what could be the most
important tweet of my life and I'm not
gonna post it until I do it on the vlog
cuz I'm kind of nervous about it and I'm
gonna need your guys's help more than
ever I'm gonna tell them that we're
going to see Black Panther oh and we
want to see black panther I hope you
guys enjoyed your Valentine's Day with
your loved ones or with your friends or
with your and until tomorrow when I will
release the next vlog at 3 p.m. like I
do every single day don't forget to
remember can you get all this Lobby
merch at Alexis ah be calm you're doing
it wrong okay bye
