hey chicken nugget I had some bad news
what it is would it be what it -
Adventure Time come on grab your prize
don't know that song but here's the bag
you carry was that remix porygon the
spitting caves we are currently in
motion making moves towards the spitting
caves so we're like super in the suburb
so I'm like really confused that's not
like what this is gonna look like all I
know is this is where the GPS told me to
go it in case I wonder what that means
I know what me all right
we are here I guess but we're in the
middle of a really nice neighborhood and
I feel like we're trespassing but it's
all good cuz you guys are with us so if
we get arrested you get arrested
cuz you my friend are also trespassing
all right we got our trespassing gear
hello spitting caves where are you you
find something
danger slippery slope what are you sure
No Oh Danger Danger Danger Oh what what
this can't be it Lauren I feel like this
is like just a Hawaiian alleyway yeah
Hawaiian alleyway of death let me get in
front it's in case I have to fight off
so whoa wait this might be it or it
might be a trap come come oh I hear
deeply oh it's right around this fence
we made it oh look there's a coconut
thank you for sharing your majestic
awesomeness with our guy back into the
scary alley way on to the next adventure
what is that I thought I was a squirrel
that had a really flat tail
I think it's a Hawaiian squirrel hello
Hawaiian squirrel I didn't get a fairy
it's a Hawaiian squirrel come here why
are scrubs we adopt out as a Hawaii pet
if you have Cheetos he looks like at
least Cheetos where do you go oh okay
let's see let's go join her hello
without a go join mr. ferret in the
water
hello is is it working oh oh hello I am
here to interrupt your daily scheduled
vlog to bring you some bad news the
GoPro footage of Lauren and I snorkeling
was corrupted by the cornucopias amount
of tourists that were occupying the bay
the footage was either blurry because
there is a bunch of people moving around
on the water at all times or it's just a
bunch of butts inside of the water
because you're floating around looking
for fish and then all of a sudden
there's a butt in your face because of
these tourists standing around and not
snorkeling they were just they were all
up in the way but don't worry
I invite you to join me in reminiscing
of that time we went snorkeling and
bora-bora
wasn't that nice now back to your
regularly scheduled programming that was
hard to say Lauren I went out there
snorkeling for like an hour and I could
not find any weasels or ferrets
these are mangas wait you hear that what
is that hey oh you scared the hey bro I
see you all in there hello come out come
out wherever you are I see you bro we
thought you went snorkeling
I wonder there save you and you're not
out there you just rummaging around in
this trash not cool and I found that
you're not even a ferret you're a
mongoose if that is your real name see
you what
that were a cool bro thought we were
cool back up
maybe he'll climb in that trash gotta go
well there you go
well there's two I'm just oh my gosh
these are Hawaiian rad I have found
Hawaiian rats Lauren there's two
Hawaiian rats right there
see you bro okay go ahead eat your trash
Lauren can I have your best impression
of a mongoose
you have a lot of luscious fur like that
you have fun at the spinning caves
do you have fun snorkeling what kind of
you're a little nervy it's okay
snorkeling is not an easy thing to do
knowing that it's wavy okay you ready to
go take a nap nap that's not for the
Lorax no no the - okay goody goody goody
wiggity wiggity with it oh hello
Hawaiian bird I'm here Hawaiian birds me
what oh I almost touch you come here and
look at you now catch it oh I'm trying
to catch these Hawaiian birds maybe this
flying bird be my friend hey be my
friend I'm real nice hey sir come here
Hawaiian birdie Abbi oh yeah Lauren the
locals don't want to be friends with me
the locals don't want to be friend look
come here let's be friends hey come here
let's be friends now Lauren I has no
friends you're my only friend leave your
friend alright I guess that's enough
what's gonna happen fell asleep first
you actually you actually you act you
actually did I don't because you fell
asleep first that's why you don't work
oh so once again Lorex fell asleep on
vacation what yeah we had adventure and
the Sun the sunlight sunlight is up
there and then it comes down and it put
it goes on your skin it's actually
taking away all your energy so we
retired but it's okay because now we
have a little surprise for the wasabi
and it's gonna be on that dope dope yeah
haha good tell what it is yeah we're
just gonna show them what you can say
what it is though what are we going
tomorrow
you'd want to dot hey hey I want to tell
them tomorrow we're going to are you
gonna tell them or not no you tell them
don't tell them we're gonna Surprise
them impossible
you didn't know I was gonna do that you
didn't know tomorrow we have something
epic it's the first thing we're gonna do
when we get up it's gonna be magical but
first we got to get through this
surprise which is about to happen in 18
minutes we seem to have run into a bit
of difficulty over there it's supposed
to be a bunch of fireworks I've been to
Hawaii before I've seen them they go off
on Fridays 7:45 p.m. right there but
it's not happening we saw a few go off
behind that building but then it stopped
because they probably realized that
Lorax couldn't see the fireworks so
we're hoping they're gonna migrate their
boat or whatever they're launching their
fireworks off up over here somewhere in
this vicinity so that we and you and us
can observe the fire in the sky we'll
see how it goes is not looking good I
don't
hey chicken nugget I had some bad news
I don't think the fireworks are gonna go
off I don't think we're gonna be able to
see the fireworks go off he's had this
help dinner okay that used to be a rib
eye and Hawaiian speed potato and you
didn't know why potatoes are purple what
you have any full time for a nap number
two some makes you sleepy and we're on
the occasion don't judge us wasabi ends
don't judge us vacations are meant for
naps yeah the bencher nap nap nap
adventure sometimes walk to the end of
blog talk today was so do but tomorrow
is gonna be the most dope let me tell
you why it is gonna be on the most dope
dope because Lauren and I are going on
our very first ever helicopter ride and
it's not just any helicopter ride it is
gonna be one of the most dangerous
possible ways of doing this specific
activity because there will be
absolutely no doors on the helicopter
that's right it is a helicopter
doorless ride around Hawaii
excited they said it's not gonna be
dangerous but how can it not be
dangerous when when you do it like that
now listen I don't get scared very
easily I it's very very hard to scare me
I don't get nervous I don't get scared I
don't get embarrassed it's just not
something that happens to more but I'm
not gonna lie I'm a little nervous about
this I just don't know how it's gonna
work how is it I don't know you're just
gonna have to come back tomorrow
and find out with me can't wait for you
guys to come back for the ride of a
lifetime
okay last last last thing I know you saw
the thumbnail
I know I know but it's bad just don't be
mad at me please please please don't be
mad at me okay okay I have looked
through over 500 video entries from you
guys for the $5,000 Lorex contest and
there's a problem I told you that I was
going to announce the winner on November
6 Monday this Monday on Lauren and my
two year anniversary but I did not
foresee that there would be over 3,000
entries you guys went hard there are so
many videos you guys sent 3,000 I didn't
think that 3000 people would spend an
entire month editing a video to enter
this Lorex contest I just I just I
didn't I didn't I didn't think it
through didn't think it no a lot of them
were exactly what I told you not to do a
lot of them were just pictures a lot of
them were slideshows a lot of them were
music please a lot of them were edited
on your phone and there was no like
story to them it was just random things
put together but I did find a few really
good ones it's like wow you guys really
put some thought into a story was told I
teared up watching some of these that I
have saved I'm narrowing them down
I had 3,000 videos I'm narrowing them
down I'm down to 2,000 like 400 or 500
and I've only found 10 out of that 500
so I'm gonna look through the rest and
they're right down even more then make
my decision from that narrowed down list
but I can't do it by Monday just give me
until next Friday November 10th I will
have the video ready for you guys the
$5,000 winner of the two-year
anniversary Lorex montage video contest
will be selected and I will be putting
it in the vlog next weekend for sure
thank you so much for everybody that
entered I can tell it took weeks and
weeks and weeks of editing to achieve
such epic videos and I can't wait to
show you guys the best one today
make sure to come back tomorrow
that's more dope dope on deck just for
you and until then don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it
