is the fate of our relationship resting
on my shoulders is it hanging in the
balance
tell me the truth is it over new new
vlog is out the day has finally come
guys it's the day of the second secret
Lord destination vacation anniversary
trip ever
there we go we're going we're doing that
we're going don't tell me where we're
going yet okay secret is all we might be
on the plane and we might be going to
the secret Lawrence destination vacation
but vacation doesn't really start until
you checked in checked in your bag I
gone through all the line on the plane
got off the plane got your bag I got in
your Hoover or taxi or transportation
vehicle of some sort found your hotel
connected put your bags down and laid on
the bed the vacation that you are on
only begins when you lay down to that
you have nothing else to do travel
release make news
okay we've got our bags ready no we're
not on vacation yet oh yeah look at this
oh not yet not yet
oh I like your flower necklace yay come
again you know we are officially at the
second year anniversary lauric that's
the nation vacation and it is we wanted
to come somewhere near LA but still
tropical so Hawaii was the best place to
go and now we here but we're not on
vacation yet we're not because I told
you the rule is you got to be in bed and
everything done and then the vacation
starts so right now we're just eating on
an island not on vacation we should go
somewhere super exotic like super
Hawaiian yeah it'd better work you know
you want the waiters here yes we would
like some cheesecake with a sign of
cheesecake and maybe a little bit of
cheesecake oh I see you brought backup
come here I've got some stuff for you
okay I might you got a check you get
closer hey you guys can you get those
waters we asked for it's been like 20
minutes
okay bye now okay finally we're here
this is the room I'm feeling in bed
vacation can start then oh I feel like
the balconies gonna be okay oh we got
five days of this come at you live from
Lorax vacation starts now that's real
nice what happened we get to Hawaii
we're only here for a few hours and
Laura and falls asleep okay I fell
asleep first yeah yeah because you're
asleep got contagious she fell asleep
first for like an hour and it made me
sleepy Xan
I fell asleep then we both fell asleep
or sleep in it bitches were not had in
Hawaii and it's nighttime now let me
show you Wow the nighttime why he's kind
of dough okay you got some wine music
playing down there you got the beach
over here you got to infinite in beyond
out there nightlife though okay okay
okay okay it looks like we didn't ruin
our trip because night time why it looks
dull would you like to adventure with me
gross
Adventure Time come come I know we have
an entire week of awesome dope epic
adventures awaiting us and the wasabi n
so let's just have a chill night and go
on the beach at night times come on come
on come on come on Mimi and
oops a Dipsy you're gonna say it hurts
it's not my fault I'm just trying to
pick you up is it Davis II know it sit
here sit sit
remember this number oh I have a
mustache why did you tell me I've been
telling you well I think I should just
keep it until now until until I go back
to LA okay that is not the anniversary
present I asked for that's the only
thing I can grow the only thing that
makes me feel like my whole head of hair
it's only thing that makes me feel like
I am oh oh they look weird on camera
yeah what can I get
you're making it difficult because
you're pushing against me and I gotta
hold you up and is I'm multitasking
right now already I can't do any more
you broke me wait I have to do it you do
it please
please no don't lay down okay well do
this home time will go by I'll make
noise oh my god you're being so
difficult
better only the best for the wasabi is
okay why am i broken while you work on
that okay but when we get back and gotta
try it
okay I'm not going hold on I got this
hold on okay to be continued we now take
our first steps on Hawaiian sand wait
were you doing you put gloves off
oh you're crazy three two Wow Wow
oh it feels like a Hawaiian pillow oh
we're gonna go in the water we gonna cut
it where does the water touch the water
it's so really get to the water yet I
can feel it are you lying
oh well it is warm you're right the sin
is worm
okay go go it's not bad
I know wowzers look at the different
shades of blue even at night you got nut
blue light blue dark blue and maybe not
on camera but you can see in the in the
backpack it's that dark dark blue for
sure hey this is gonna be a fun
adventure is it gonna be our last
adventure is it cuz I can't do that
tell me the truth
there are relationship over if I can't
do this lip illusion is the fate of our
relationship resting on my shoulders
no is it hanging in the balance what
tell me the truth is it over I have to
do it do it for us for you
you can do this you can do this don't
give up
this is to save our relationship okay
ready I got it I think I got if I don't
do it right now we had to break up okay
a lot of pressure I have one more chance
I don't get one more chance no don't
laugh okay our relationship hangs in the
balance
I don't know I heard it in a movie no
it's going but I think I spent on the
camera a little bit so I didn't count on
how come I can only do it for a few
seconds I can't keep it going
I don't even remember what what what was
supposed to happen is this what the look
oh it's a big this is what we do we go
to ye just big our lips vibrate in the
camera your lips I'm gonna save our
relationship okay
you know I think it has to be a slow
motion okay here we go
your stop let me do it so you can go to
sleep
welcome to the end of blog talk that's
all I got for you guys today I saved our
relationship we're still together it was
on its last last breath and I revived it
all by myself that's right
make sure to come back tomorrow cuz you
know it's gonna be another day of the
dope dope with the new adventures
awaiting us and us and you and you and
you and you and all of you Katie I'm
talking to you Ben me not not Snoopy Ben
I see you back there
I got you I got you bro Marcus come on
stay awake I like the vlog you can't
like the vlog of you're asleep make sure
to subscribe turn on notification bells
say goodbye oh the mustache cuz Laurens
gonna make me shave it in the morning
thank you and until then don't forget to
remember if you're not smiling my friend
you you're doing it wrong
whoa oh really post Lee I need you
it's he's not allowed without something
flicking it countdown and you're not
hitting my cheek you're hitting my okay
bye
