okay what is would it be would it do go
today is Halloween and my Halloween is
gonna be a busy one first thing on the
to-do list
don't with this guy yeah yeah dog God
you said yeah I got I've got a dog
that's a couple of them so be a lot of
fun putting them to the test and of
course the start of today is got Gucci
you gonna be famous and then after that
I gotta film a video with my bro bro
we're gonna do whatever is in this box
ah ah no I don't know it's gonna grate
oh no and then I have to debut the 2017
lower ranks matching couples costume for
your face let's get started guppies stop
drinking counter water and drink some of
this
look at me nothing not a beautiful ball
good look at the pictures it works so
that with the ball and this is without
Oh video number one complete and guess
what today just got busier because
Lauren wants to film a video to make it
move her job I heard you needed me to
film with you what are we gonna film
ones are coming out if they followed me
on Twitter Alex sabe they would have saw
that i retweeted your tweet foreign
laurdiy but they probably don't unless
they do cuz they own that no no oh yeah
I'm that dope doe well you're lucky
is that a fully packed day but Aaron
moved his video filming shoot session to
tomorrow so I could squeeze you in
please your I turn it turn it back to
the up and down okay okay okay to videos
down that's it I'm tired making videos
I've never making videos again except
for finishing this vlog and that promise
here I know I'll never do them tomorrow
and I'm also posting video for the every
day for the rest of my life
oh yeah I got you surprised moose smooth
I got just got the moose got living for
you yeah papi to your dad tio pop up
here to like it I promise
you have grown a lot recently so we got
you a bigger home
okay
moose oh looks like you had to get in
that doesn't count
I'm a no hay mas this bed barely fit in
this cage now we got a bigger crate
because moose has like 25 pounds now and
the bed barely fills up half of it dad
points go to me hey yeah should we show
them more costumes yeah are you ready
yeah sure
they're going no there you have two
girls the to fly doll and Bugs Bunny or
what actually just watch Space Jam for
the very first time ever today now you
know the costumes to celebrate the
Lauren and Alex Lorex 2017 Halloween
costume Lola and Bugs Bunny I am going
to reenact the epic scene from Space Jam
you know it
yes well as it is Halloween I had a
bunch of friends come over at a time for
Lauren and I to see if we can guess the
costumes embarrassing what if we get it
wrong and somebody's like oh no forgot
this guy I don't know write this Elmo oh
okay we got you I've got you okay there
we got Dora the Explorer okay and then
we got the police officer first and then
we got oh my god what is this
I parked in red you are a Kia park in
the red zone and you probably gonna take
it for how much
all right run and then we have the
Christmas tree and then this goalball
you said your this are you sure you're
at the star on top of the tree okay okay
and then we have oh it's a little a
little early for that
whoo good boy who gets excited for
Christmas and then we got I think this
is Matt this is that animal that works
at the DMV right flash the slide
oh no okay wait Lauren okay you guess
your girl I'm oh I thought I was Mother
Nature well you have a leaf in your hair
I didn't know okay see okay we got one
wrong and then skeleton Harley Quinn the
original yeah and Joker got them and
then we have a scientist what kind of
scientist are you a scientist
wait you're not so so these filings your
evil what it was your what have you
created what is this what was he
supposed to be
is this me it looks like a hipster
boyfriend kind of do you do throws
together cuz um be eight count five six
seven eight
next melding huh last night had a few
friends over then I've seen up late
watching a bunch of your Lorex two-year
anniversary montage videos that you said
I told you the email yesterday
it's hobby contest at gmail.com the
$5,000 contest is still open until the
fin so you have a couple more days to
send your videos but guy I got six
hundred entries in that email and I
looked through about 400 of them last
night and about 200 of them had nothing
to do with the video there was no video
sent they're just random spam emails a
lot of them didn't even have messages or
anything they just were sent emails
don't do that because it keeps me up all
night looking through all these emails
but I did find some videos that were on
that dope dough and that didn't have
copyright music which a lot of them also
did you guys are not very good at
following rules I was up last night so
late that I didn't even get the vlog up
I missed yesterday but it's all good
because I have a surprise today for
DeLoreans well it's a future surprise
for Lauren that I had to get ready today
and I'm gonna let you guys in on the
surprise early so this surprise is a
housewarming present for Lauren as you
know she just got a new house but she
hasn't moved in yet she's moving in in a
few weeks and I got the perfect present
being made from a boy I'm Blake Jamison
I can't show what you're working on cuz
I want it to be a surprise but he came
over just to help me out if you want to
see the kind of work he does you can go
to his Instagram or actually I do pop
some pictures up here all those pictures
he did and he's gonna help me recreate
one for Lorex it's gonna be on that dope
dope and I get to help right that's
right that's right I was making sure
he's getting it ready and it already
looks really cool and Laurie's gonna
love it it's totally her style I want to
show you guys but if I show you then
it's gonna see it so we have to wait
until she goes into the house because
it's so housewarming present that's how
they work I get to pick the background
hmm well my girlfriend's name is Lauren
and your girlfriend's name is Lauren so
maybe we should just let her decide I
like the pink and yellow paints letter I
think so too I think that's what she
would have chosen this is me this was
her I think she don't like it it's game
time
okay and now we're gonna put what you
just cut up onto here and then we're
gonna paint it some more oh man I'm an
artist I quit I'm done with YouTube I'm
an artist now can I be your apprentice
Oh spray painting and downtown that leg
can you guess what we're working on you
don't even know and let me be a part of
making something awesome for Lord I'll
make sure to go follow Blake and Laura
and go check it out this is on that
GoPro so we can't show it and now for
the final touch we are going to sign our
creation okay here we go oh yeah we go
here we go
okay Weezy yes it happened I don't know
how to contain my excitement I'm just
gonna just just raid the home we get
down on that no no not down to it
meaning just just turn it down no no no
no no turn it no thank you
if you count this vlog and you count the
video we shot and you count Lauren's
video and you counts your video or about
the shoot I'm in four videos coming out
tomorrow there's a video Aaron's channel
there's a video at Ross's channel in
this video at Lauren's channel so I'm at
four videos I'm basically taking over
YouTube now let's get this done I don't
want to do it this is that hot chip
thing that everybody's been doing huh
this is the hottest chip in the world
you got to put in your mouth and Aaron
said he was put on his channel so he
asked me to be in it and have a good
brother so I said yes
you don't understand how many hot things
I've put in my mouth over these last
almost 12 years on YouTube
I was it did you like it Oh didn't like
it did you like it hope he likes it wait
for five minutes but I'm Nam okay well
why is it 15 minutes later he's still
like this I gotta go tell Lauren about a
surprise I just made for her you want to
see it
okay ready 3 2 1 oh wow that's for
Lauren's house if she doesn't want it
you guys got any in your house you
promise
okay good you're not ready girl you're
not ready I made something for you
yeah I painted my first picture yeah
I painted something for your new house
to hang up why oh no I did it don't get
the safely moving to your house what is
it
I can't tell you it could be a giant way
this could be a chance checking like it
could be anything but it's large you
painted it yourself yep I have
professional come in but I helped it I
got signing present before you at your
house ever see it but then it would not
go up until I got this you're gonna like
it
Irby I know you should be it's abstract
like oh no it's out there you can't see
auras but you can see other stuff that
he's done okay okay
he's on a picture for Casey done on 4G
yeah and then he didn't want four oh no
welcome to the end of blog talk tomorrow
you will finally get to find out where
Lorex is having their two year
anniversary at why do you sound weird
so we're going there tomorrow you got 5
epic vlogs of the new new adventures
it's gonna be on that job dope I'm glad
you're coming are you clouds are coming
so come back tomorrow see you then don't
forget to remember if you're not smiling
then you know just click that subscribe
and maybe the notification down there
like this wrong because you're doing it
wrong ok bye
