out to sabi and Roy aka why would you
spit together again what it is what it
be what it do you miss the old intro new
new vlog is out new blog is a long time
you've done that one you don't like that
one
no I know I guess this whole favourites
no I'd only I think I switched to that
no new new vlog is out new new vlog is
okay no more maybe it depends if they
really want it then I have to bring it
back yeah I give the people what they
want
what about what I want you can has
everything else what we gonna do today
girl go on a stop and with my shopping
trip no they don't they don't understand
lore exist I haven't taught them twit we
haven't taught them how to speak over
yeah Oh shopping trip oh that's gross
what but before that today's the day we
can say listen next thing yeah
what you said that he said Tuesday what
why we could take it off for one minute
and give him a really really good neck
scratchy and then put it back on we
talked to the vet and the vet has said
that we had to keep it on his head for
another week dough parm is okay let's
take it off for one second make sure he
doesn't bite his stitches oh wait he has
his bone babies
oh my god she's gonna die he gone down
hello
get the bottom get the the bottom
front it's important for all your naked
he's like oh my gosh this is what I've
wanted my whole life maybe he wants it
back on an emotional system hates it and
he's trying to destroy it right whoa
it's time for safety bubble destruction
haha there you go there you're one one
with the bubble once again no he's happy
yeah he's happy he guys all friend back
see he's like yes I am whole again I'm
whole again ok buddy mom and dad gotta
make moves today we are going shopping
Lauren she's a good shopper Alice with
chubby I mean Alex wasabi has a check on
that
no Alex wasabi Alice
it is not a good dresser so we have our
stylist friends coming along to help me
out because if you watch my vlogs a lot
you know I pretty much wear the same
thing and I just switch it out every
other day like every day I need a
wardrobe update I need help
what do I need now I need no no no what
do I need no no hello are you gonna help
me shop today yes I told them I needed
you guys here because I don't know how
to pick clothes and you're wise in
fashion you're like my fashion spiritual
guy time to fuel up for a long day of
shooting okay
hey hey are you gonna eat this you're
gonna eat this what yeah that bread is
different this is liquid you can't put
your finger in liquid stuff are you need
this one oh this place is literally on
that don't go
we're going to a few stores I didn't
vlog at everyone but we have been doing
the shop he shops and I think we got
enough right yeah no no the trunk of her
car is almost full so after the storm we
got a stop okay come on pinky come on
pinky promise red stop you have a
problem say my name is Lauren and I have
a problem well now we're in the
warehouse this is the last place okay
this is it so this is how this place
works please go online pick one and then
they go get it I got a ton of black I
got black on black for days okay well
there I guess what I say doesn't matter
let's just get black wait a blue and
okay oh and olive green too hey can I
have that the whole thing why she's had
a little at Big Bird I like these shirts
like you Brandon knows I'm a simple guy
I just look beautiful for my girlfriend
too many items 46 is that too crazy
that's a lot this is a test this is the
girlfriend test what's different about
me where should I be looking I'm gonna
tell you what's different this is
different
Koizumi everyday
you really know black no this is blue no
you colorblind human hey I'm not looking
fault it's black it's black I knew that
okay what's dim right are you wearing
wasabi March or something oh my god help
you we have matching YouTube hoodies I
hope you okay yeah
give your inserts in yeah I miss shoe
inserts I know
Wow this I know you told this is normal
yeah this is with it on oh wow that is
tall the big difference
I don't know it's hard being short okay
everything the same every day I just I'm
a small human in the world now let's
look at what we got we got a lot montage
look at dad Warren all right knock knock
closed what do we do oh my gosh I feel
like they can't even see okay
oh no that wasn't the same oh that's a
sponge what that is at least fifty pairs
like pieces of clothing you think more
only 75 there's no way there's 100
pieces of clothing here all right we're
gonna donate everything I closet put
this in there oh oh that's not all I
have something else
what is something I've been tweeted
about all day you're gonna want to sit
down for this one
okay you're gonna want to sit on the
come for your spot nope pillar B I never
do I don't know what it is but I mean
you don't know what it I don't know what
it is I just got tweeted this a lot
today
Oh No so as you know for the first nine
years of wasabi Productions there's
someone else in wasabi with me yes who
is that right Roy no Roy ran the channel
for a long time but now we have several
channels yes I got tweeted a lot saying
I need to watch the video that he posted
today starting at four minutes I haven't
watched it yet
I don't watch it what do you think it is
I don't know maybe all the times you
were naked I'm a snobby production I
never saw production ready yeah oh my
god wait for the camels drinking yo bro
you done Oh be fun
okay you ready yep all right the video
is called mixing everything Halloween
into a drink on his channel guava juice
you and Alex
is wasabi back together me and Alex
hugged in the street oh cool a boy
trying to get some kind of answer from
you sir yes wait you're saying we're
back together are you saying I don't
know what do you guys think that's a
tough question why are you gonna ask me
that question how badly do you guys want
us to like collab me and we'll stop you
back together does that sound crazy this
sounds like a Christmas gift we know did
that answer your question
thank you pack together it's been like
two years we haven't made a video
together maybe you can make a holiday
video holiday special what me Roy make a
video again I'll be crazy but what if
they don't want to see that they
definitely do want to see how you know
I'm gonna pass sometimes you're a CFS
I'm not yeah out asabi and Roy aka why
would you stick together again hmm
I mean of course I miss making videos
with him right when the videos were
pretty good right sometimes I go back
and watch them still because they make
me laugh right right but what would they
even want to see would you guys want to
see some epic vlogs well you want to see
something some of that dope dope
challenges some of that new new
experiments war or do you think they
would want to see oh you're so immature
5 what are you watching TV I know that
but what are you watching on TV TV show
well I'm gonna change it the game's on
yeah what are you doing stop I'm not
changing it back 5 cheer 2 3 11
seven come on we all know I am Here I am
nope there's not me gotcha I don't keep
enemies don't make me turn this car
around you can't dodge a bullet today
they hmm that's a thinker I got think
about it do you think do you think he
would be done maybe maybe moving on it
is finally here the day I tell you guys
the email that you can send your contest
videos to this is the Lawrence montage
two year anniversary video contest
I totally doesn't want to go to make
videos to celebrate Lauren and my
anniversary on a choo anniversary I put
in the vlog I'm gonna look through all
the videos that you send to with this
email about the plane belt and then I'm
gonna pick the best one put it in the
vlogs and surprise Lauren and record her
reaction to that video you hello-hello
never record your reaction to the video
excited I bet there's so many talented
wasabi ins we don't even we haven't like
we didn't even know about I know it's
gonna be crazy so this is the email I'm
about to tell you you ready I'm about
saying it
I'm about to say gear pens and pads
ready get your notes open in your in
your phone it is wasabi contest at
gmail.com please don't spam it guys
unless you made a video do not email
that account because that account wasabi
contest at gmail.com is for the video
entries only now I have to wait until
tomorrow when I upload this vlog to see
your video entries and it's so
frustrating I want to see it right now
Wow maybe I'll tweet from my Twitter at
Alex your son or maybe not I don't know
I just want to see your entries so bad I
want to see all your work at all your
blood sweat and tears that you put into
this video remember I'm not picking the
winner until November fit because I'm
using the video and posting it on
November 6 so you have until November
5th to send me your video and enter to
win the $5,000 we're supposed to show
them the costumes no that's tomorrow I'm
pretty sure I said this book no no no
you see them when we do I'm not crazy
you're crazy
are you playing a person you're you're
you're a crazy person
you're a crazy person not down no okay
fine
but tomorrow no matter what window
pieces hondo pieces okay I guess out of
all the chicken nuggets I trust you more
than any other chicken
now welcome to the end of vlog talk can
we talk what do we tell them where we're
going I told them I would say in this
vlog where we're going for our two-year
anniversary what would you say I was
yawning oh okay it was like just like
like what did it sound like what what
did it sound like when you yond so
should we tell them nah wait till
tomorrow picked over there okay well we
told her there we're not guys where
we're going until Thursday when we
arrived so you guys will find out Friday
in the vlog because I filmed Thursday
and then Friday the vlog comes out and
then you find out and then you gonna
know where we're gonna go for our two
year anniversary doe can't wait to bring
you guys along for the whole five days
we were in the secret Lorax destination
vacation
stick around and I'll see you tomorrow
because I'd be posted on that daily but
totally don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling
you my friend are doing it wrong no
count down count three two one Oh three
two one
oh I got one more one more look way to
do one get one okay bye
