what do you talk about nobody know this
is just a dressing room this bookcase
yeah what is would it be what did dupe
dog I was longer do you have to have
that on bro it's only two more no that's
tomorrow but you get to kick it off
tomorrow bro and tomorrow's why are you
gonna be free a big fat fat fat
goes off now I can see mom said I can
I'm the good parent I'm the fun happy
wonder that that just wants to make you
happy
she said no no good cop bad cop okay we
can run away together I'll take it off
we'll just run away we'll never look
back just kidding Mo's I've ice cream in
my freezer at home I gotta get it before
I run away where I got the girl do I go
to my house to do what hap and do house
my house stuff what do stuff on my house
okay bye Lauren why have you brought me
to the mall why have you brought me to
the mall we did another piece my costume
your Halloween costume that we're gonna
do tonight later on in the vlog so you
don't want to show them what you have in
your hand right now
no but we'll give you a hint it's some
Mac G before we leave them all can we
get something I've always wanted to get
it we're at Glendale Galleria right now
and they got this special thing that
I've always want to get but every time
we come here we're in a rut so can I
please get it I really have been the
roadblocks for the I know are you gonna
get one yeah yeah
North Pole snow cream this is what we
want right about here oh this know what
it is just wait
that's me you tell us exactly what is
dragon bread that was called you freeze
it with a liquid nitrogen and we become
dragons two of those what are you guys
gonna get bit okay guys they got two
more coming yeah yeah cuz you my boys
gonna eat it though I've never seen it
I've never seen it oh wait wait wait
Wow that's for you wow that's we all
wait we don't eat at the same time hold
on oh thank you sir thank you okay we
need to find a table Piper 50 bit back
there
Oh Cheers sound let's find a table come
on let's go let's go three two one
dragon this is how you do dragon
three two one go whoa whoa all right man
happy birthday I'm glad we got to meet
all right guys
Hey look how cold this is I can't even
hold it it made the sleeve turn 18 so
he's not dragging kids I'll just had an
incident he knocked over my dragon's
breath and now he's being a good
gentleman good citizen and picking them
all up you clumsy Elysee what's on your
face this time I don't own the year cup
Wow they look like nothing there's
nothing in there but then it's frozen
then you tip it over and all this clouds
fall out straight clouds be falling out
boy this is cool but it's time to move
on to the next activity no we're not
going to use a store no no how joking
it's not here
just cuz I want pinky promise you think
you makes you think it's here please no
nothing is there please
oh no no Lauren Lauren oh what are you
looking for you already have enough
stuffy's there's already enough stuff is
our life okay yeah I feel like we don't
have enough room no you bought did you
buy a new house for stuffies is that why
you bought a new house okay done you're
done we're done hi oh you guys are so
pretty here you go what do you gotta
wait are you guys best friends really
sure what they do how old are you 21 Oh
12 nice everybody we meet it's their
birthday I feel like half of them are
lying to us are you lying to us okay bye
guys is your best birthday ever
yay okay okay hey so back to these stuff
nobody likes bare bears see there's a
lie they want to come here I knew I was
gonna have to punch all of them and it's
gonna take forever look I can add these
my knuckle for these I'm so tired but
it's my duty
oh no there's more on this no you don't
know you don't know you know there's no
room why are you doing this to me Lauren
you don't need those one utility later
store but now it's time for my store and
then I got
and I'm like what again
Pete I should get someone else but I
already have those Tony say he's gonna
hook me up I got some secret a secret
room now what do you talk about nobody
no no this is just a dressing room this
bookcase yeah
lift up the book what
what do you call this room Oh what
should I look I don't even know what to
do
this is secret how much is this ready
$1,000 Rudy whoa that's crazy I would
get some of these supreme stuff and I'm
not as bougie as rice gum so I'm just
gonna rock some of these look at me the
dope I've always whatever one of these
like there's a favorite one at the Tokyo
store you can get on the way up
no thank you we can go back no we can't
please no what if I don't get these then
we don't get the better ones okay but
I'm still gonna get them ah you knew it
was gonna get him anyways oh that was
cool
I'm just gonna get these oh oh you
ballin he's a baller y'all the place
lights up just gave me these for free
hooked me oh why why are we back here
how about none of them but they gave me
both of these for free they hooked me up
I know that's so nice they were like oh
I guess they want they watch the vid
dope thanks Lisa
oh yeah it looks less cool with all
these stuffies around it whose is cooler
tell the truth in the comments below
whose is cooler obviously my head we
gotta find it let's go okay and then we
go we're never gonna find it we're gonna
go few different stores but hopefully
hopefully I bet the first one were they
oh this could be it this could be
life-changing we're gonna become
magazine models and we're gonna quit
YouTube okay first door was a bust
but don't worry I have a few blocks away
we found a CVS Pharmacy and they better
have it before out okay what a magazine
hey dog we should have a whole Warrick's
blog one day are we only talking Lorex
we try to tone down the lower explain
wage that we have or their blog maybe
one day we won't hold back we just go
let it all out
maybe that if you guys want dad let me
know what No
all right Walgreens don't let us down
they say we get four degrees no come on
we're never to find it it's never gonna
ever exist ever maybe you didn't even
have this photo shoot this eight-page
spread photo shoot just didn't happen
all right there's one more story to stop
that last one and you know you always
find it at the last one okay right it's
you and us come on no there's nothing
why every story let us down I was
excited to show you guys but I can't I'm
not gonna tell you guys what magazine
you were in until we find it in person
to show you I'm sorry I know you're
really excited to see mom and dad in the
magazines but we couldn't find it
anywhere
well we continue to search tomorrow okay
buddy magazine soon I promise
but in the meantime look into the end of
vlog talk
I got a few updates for you guys I know
I know I said I was gonna show you the
Halloween costumes that we have this
year tonight we're gonna wear for
Halloween but it's not Halloween yet if
I tell you guys and all my friends are
gonna see it everybody that we're gonna
hang out with on Halloween is gonna see
it I can't spoil the surprise for
everybody but tomorrow's vlog I promise
I promise I promise I promise you're
gonna find out what our Halloween
costumes of 2017 or another thing that's
happening tomorrow is I am going to tell
you the email you could send your videos
to the Lorex montage $5,000 contest
video that I told you to be working on
over a month ago so if you didn't who
spoke to that so once again let me
summarize our two-year anniversary is
coming up on November 6 and we're
actually going on a two-year anniversary
trip on November 2nd and we bring in you
guys along but the contest is still
going on till November 5th tomorrow I'm
just giving you the email I picked the
winner on November 5th and November 6
the winner goes in the blog and
five thousand dollars and I'm gonna
tweet about it and I'm gonna post it on
Instagram and tag the video maker in it
as well
moose is like I don't know why you guys
are even gonna enter cuz I already won
that's all I got for you guys today
can't wait for you guys to come along
come and just tell them just tell them
over one
why what what what what what you think I
didn't see their yard oh well I guess I
can't tell you guys this video you'll
find out very soon where we're going so
don't worry it's only like three days
four days away like spoon soon yeah like
soon zone like this week we going can't
wait to see the videos you guys made
Lauren it's gonna be the best surprise
ever and I know we did we said well
we're gonna get each other presents but
it's not for me it's from Louis Abhiyan
and our feeling it's gonna be on that
dope dope okay okay do you guys tomorrow
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong
