what would it do Joe today I'm doing a
video where I cut the Halloween costumes
selected by my beautiful girlfriend
laurdiy we did a similar video on her
channel so check it out after you watch
this but pretty sure my selection is
gonna be better than your selections
gonna be better than your selection -
okay oh I feel like this is not bad for
good for men
gonna be good it's gonna be great
everything's gonna be fine
yeah it's gonna be great baby I promise
you're gonna look beautiful
Tina Belcher from buzz burgers yeah oh
well you a big head okay really I wasn't
necessarily this is really tight on you
but it fits me great now you have like
bartender that's dress up and I like
this outfit actually this team is my
favorite give me it give me a team line
I like unicorns Jimmy jr. boos Biba's be
booths are closed oh man is this gonna
be as bad as the one I'm wearing right
now currently
people oh I found myself - do we have to
wear it are they hella now okay I got
one for me - still we can just hang with
Melissa I can't buy my hormones I can't
but my I can't can't fight anywhere
you're such a cute little doggie wait
are you trying to train me try and get
me used to this for some reason
no snip snip I need those I better not
wake up good with the snips snips okay
ready yep oh I'm scared of a gun your
favorite usually means the most
embarrassing for me wait yeah oh let's
see it
I'll be obscene that's obscene boom let
me see your poop legs that's the best
one hands down you like it yeah hug what
is that yeah
oh okay genius but you can get a be calm
don't good okay all good conscience I
think good dog you thinkin I think you
might have beat me I really did oh you
have moose - now you have a really long
ingrown hair hope you guys enjoyed this
year's girlfriend buys my Halloween
costumes make sure go over Laura's video
and check out the dope dope costumes I
chose for her even though they're not as
good as the ones she's ruined I I'm a
I'm a man I'm big men enough is a man
enough to say I'll admit it that I feel
dope right now
see you guys tomorrow as always because
you know I'll be posted on the daily
check out the new merge so just drop
this weekend at out Lobby calm and until
then don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling then you're probably not
subscribed the laurdiy to Alex beside me
because you're doing it wrong
