Wow
what it is would it be what it do dull
because of the charity basketball game I
played two days ago and the twerk class
I took yesterday my back those things oh
that's nice that's really nice
Wow new car good this is we still have
to come up with a name for yet Ruby no
just wait till they give so much and
comment down below we got to know but
more accordingly did you get your
planning great go build shirts yeah
agent they're about to sell out I know
this where we go home today right
fucking right really scared I'll protect
you
oh we about to get scared you about to
be more scared
oh no the lighting in the dark of the
bad guys hope they got lights up there
we made it we out here and Lawrence
about to get scared
your security oh I hear the scary music
oh
look it's worm she doesn't like snakes
or worm to her biggest fear it's worth
like I don't like to thank my only word
they're not even gonna be scared
Laurens a liar she's the bravest person
I know you know what she does is okay
that's not big
thank you thank you for that Val thank
you I'm glad everybody knows about it
now and you said it out loud yeah I was
gonna say that I wasn't gonna scare you
anymore because I love you but now that
there's a bug on my forehead no it's a
bunny on my forehead it's game time what
I was gonna say is that Lauren always
pretends to be scared and they're like
five minutes in she's like it's fine
yeah you're not gonna be scare you back
this is spirit wall with all this fog Oh
Josh josh Josh Josh half of us aren't
gonna make it out alive that's all I
know for sure
now you you are slow heart
you are sloped I'm
what
here we go Oh No that Mary ground looks
kinda weird way to this poor skeleton
going backwards oh no that's not a good
sign whoa singing decapitated head there
singing can't a picnic kotappa dated
head Josh stop shaking it's all good
don't be hay bales
that's it
I can't see anything
oh my gosh you can't see anything
we're in this together
okay
or almost our good now you can look all
right that was not fun back on the hay
wagon and we've all made it nobody's
dead you're good you're good
everybody's good are we missing anybody
Paris oh there is okay we're good
nevermind we're good
okay yes Gary
my job
thank you to the LA haunted hayride le
zoo people for hooking us up with VIP
tickets but we had to leave early cuz
there's so much hey come on said much
fog and it was killing us
and apparently Lauren knew she was
allergic but I didn't know but I might
be too and also I think I'm lactose
intolerant as well and also I just want
the gun that was a lot of fun kind of
but it was too much done too much hay
too much craziness now we're both sneezy
our noses o'clock I got a headache so we
have to make ourselves feel better with
ice cream cake I've in the future any of
you guys watching becomes like real-life
friends with me and you're like what
kind of cake should I get ice cream
remember ice cream cake is where it's at
cookie cake and after that nothing
because I don't like regular cake oh my
gosh they got everything baskin-robbins
it's so good I actually I took like
three bites of this and I really do feel
better I feel like it made all the dust
and ham eyes in my ass off oh god it
made it all go away so now I feel a lot
better
can I have a lick oh you were to bite me
it wasn't
don't be one of those people okay
Forrest we were on the way home we're
both feeling bad but now we're both
feeling better you know why
oh maybe with the power of the
billboards you'll finally able to click
your feet together
go now you can't hold the wall to power
oh I don't know I couldn't hear it okay
all right okay okay you're making it
less cool that you're on a gold ball wow
you're so big you're like 10 feet tall
oh wow I like I like it I like your face
kid oh wow your eyes are a little bit
more cross-eyed wait I'm so proud of you
okay hey my girlfriend's on that
billboard
that's her the purple in the purple
shirt yeah thumbs up everybody knows her
that's it you're famous by giant Lauren
I'll see you later
have fun of their giant Fanta their
giant friend some stuff just went down
let me update you guys we went to the
haunted hayride we we had fun we saw
lines built for it and I went to go play
basketball I was supposed to be here an
hour and a half ago ah which is not good
she's been waiting to watch stranger
things and she's probably a little upset
but let me show you the only way to a
hundred percent not be in trouble as a
boyfriend take notes
Oh big nose ha JA are you mad at me cuz
I'm the Late Late I just don't trust you
forever and always it's fun you don't
trust me forever and always you think
I'm out why no I talked to mom I'd
apologize to mom uh-huh he's gonna eat
me eat me gonna eat me Wow he's mad too
I guess I guess this won't make it up to
you then I guess it won't it won't make
you feel better I I was gonna give this
to make you feel better but since you're
you're mad it won't work right
you forgive me get the weight to eat the
whole thing to tell me are you mad - I
got you a Magnum bar no you didn't I did
I did I got three I got one for each of
us I did this is yours you can eat it in
my face right now I super swear on moose
that's what you know it's the truth you
both forgive me do you forgive me lick
one time if you forgive me like twice if
you don't do you one - Wow you know
forget me I'm so sorry moose welcome to
the end of log talk as you can see it is
the next morning so I gotta get ready
for some more epic adventures make sure
you go get your dope dope shirt before
they sell out and yes I don't have pants
on this is actually one of the first
times that the shirts did not sell out
in the first 24 hours so go get it
before it does cause it's about to go on
that soon soon I'll see you guys on
tomorrow's vlog as always and do me a
favor and don't forget to remember if
you're not smiling then you're probably
not subscribed so hop on that click that
button because you're doing it wrong
