what is what we wouldn't do dough as you
know in the previous vlog I said I was
gonna go to a twerk class I have my
hands hurt here and we're at her studio
I was too nervous to do by myself so I
brought along a bunch of threads I'm
gonna kill this now I'm gonna do better
than everybody because I have my al-safi
March
there are 30 calm
my butt doesn't do that
to upgrade to this I thought I could
hold my own which they're doing great
though there's one moves this moving
here everyone absolutely kills happiness
you gotta keep filming it
why why Lexi why
I'm messy and sweaty but we did it
workout complete I'm gonna feel that
tomorrow that was intense workout for
sure no for Christmas I want a bigger
butt got some good stuff
Thank You Lexi for teaching us how to
twerk it was rough but worth it now I
feel like I have so much wisdom to pass
on to my grandkids and my
great-grandkids in my day we used to do
this thing called moose and moose you
and me buddy Lauren has a date to go to
oh are you gonna eat with Brendan is
your stylist what are you gonna do the
employer Kourtney Kardashian okay one of
the Kardashians okay well I'm gonna stay
here with moose because he's better than
Kardashian this is you I hope she
watches this and somehow washes us
tomorrow and then jumps back into the
pound then sees her the party and says
hey I heard what you said I think you
could happen the Kardashians could do
anything
okay moose doing me for a kippah huge
get ready for fun parties in bro
relaxing and healing yeah yeah yeah
that's right we come without party bro
we're gonna party you don't need no
healing he's gonna be a completely
healed in your back killed in the heart
because we partied so much if you want a
party wag your tail oh there we go
you're not supposed to stretch like that
your stitches are gonna come out or my
husband mad if you're still just coming
out good boy
you're gonna sleep I thought we're gonna
party bro okay bro let's take a little
nap and then we're gonna get up and we
gotta party father and sons tell me bro
lay tell Kajal oh this is Olivia Clarke
we slept Chris what's the party we were
free of mommy's wrath we're supposed to
go party you don't give you rash oh you
get lose we're happy to go party
I messed up I fell asleep you fell
asleep too
don't believe me hey takes two to fall
asleep bro look what I got you how was
your date yeah I like a dress I like
your face welcome to the end of log talk
Joe nobody likes the bear bears I don't
know why nobody likes them I read the
comments just go down to the bottom of
this vlog I hate bear bears
I love I hate Sufis you're not even
looking at the comments I named them by
the punch ready you have to kiss them
after nope by the appointment favorite
favorite
who's the real bear bear anyone he's a
fake one you wanna know what they're
about not getting a whole counter punch
buggy oh you're not no I'm gonna search
Google and see if I can find an actual
holographic punch buggy picture one
today what I'm gonna put it right here
you guys can see what it looks like cuz
in my mind is hard to see I don't even
know what it looks like but I'm putting
it right here no see the red X on that
holographic punch buggy that means no
nope No
you're distracting me I've been getting
a lot of tweets saying is the editing
Lorex montage to your anniversary
yeah still going on yes it is going on
it is still going on strong when this
ball comes out it's gonna be the 27th on
Halloween the 31st four days in the
future I am going to give you the email
to send the video that you've been
working all of October on to me to enter
the five thousand dollar contest
if you don't know because you haven't
been keeping up with daily vlogs which I
which I'm sad about unless you have then
then I'm happy more and my anniversary
is coming up on November 6 a month ago
almost I told you guys to start editing
the best most epic Lorex montage video
ever and I will give you the email on
Halloween and when you send your videos
I will pick a winner post it on Twitter
post it on Instagram post it in my blog
give you a shout out on all my platforms
and thank you $5,000 for all the hard
work you did I know a bunch of you have
been working super hard and it's not too
late if you're a super editor or if you
know what super editor use you got
plenty of times you got a whole week no
you got half a week but I believe the
contest isn't closed until the fifth
because I'm putting it in November 6
blog so on the fifth I'm picking the
videos so that that's that's deadline
that's what you've got in your hand if
you don't send it by the fifth then
you're not gonna win super excited to
see all your guys's work so now you're
all up to date hey hey hey let me know
who you think did the best working meet
or Lauren oh definitely not me and oh
yeah there's one more thing before I go
at 3 p.m. today new merch was released
in the outsid dot-com store and truck
me stay on that dough oh yeah check it
out these are not normal teeth
these are elongated T's they a little
bit longer they feel it's fresh they got
that dope dope on the shirt they got the
aw on the back and it comes in gray this
is a new March Wow
Oh what it's on that dope dope boy it's
on that dope dope um all did go here
before it sells out if you haven't
learned by now I feel like you guys
don't believe me it sells out on the
quickness so go to yours before it's
done cuz once it's done it's on that
done done and it going forever today see
you tomorrow
don't forget subscribe and don't forget
to remember if you're not smiling you're
doing it wrong
