Oh No what's up everybody welcome to
know a special day
here's a special day because today I am
finally doing the gummi challenge that
everyone is asked for and that is the
gummy challenge of versus oh I know why
do you I did it one gene you do you're
not one G not one D in that window I did
with Andrew Cheers I did it with
princess gorgeous I don't like a combat
son L see yeah this is rat meat he's
made out of rats
Oh whilst I do it is that it and now
girlfriend you're a idiot started you
probably know how this works because
it's been done by a bajillion people but
it's okay cuz we bout to making a
bajillion at one
ok 3 a 2 a 1 mmm that one I think I just
popped the bar off back my teeth look
what next a skirt are you ready are you
ready are you ready are you ready 3 2 1
oh no oh no these are so that has the
army man where you do that I got it what
I have to that's why I got good oh man
these are hard yeah yeah squirt wonder
10 million eight point I think I'm sorry
with a little work on me as well are you
the kind of person that just gonna same
grade to every memory to everybody no
I'll tell you the back of you next be
honest is there anything like really
gross no you promise me lock it really
yeah
interesting nothing grows nothing grows
I think the growth I sign and return
your standard I'm saying by the world
population standard interesting okay
here pick which one you want okay
oh I really was like Oh see go get my
girls if something girls like that oh
it's real cool is this portrayed of sake
to face the pizza no you're gonna give
it nothing I am it okay can we have
another go a pizza cuz she won't eat it
no other go bitches are like the crowd
no you already tired you ordered it look
it's already on the way I mean it it is
old how's the old no tell me there's
bananas and spaghetti on it I'm Barry
have you been eating pizza from your
whole life I don't know he's not yours
nah hey you wanna leave the trip yeah
let's make it extra long and wait it's
gonna be visually stunning and bring out
the final gummy
I'm stomachache in a cavity
okay look one three two one oh no he'll
know octopus snake bird um I picked such
a good one that's a hard pass okay good
why damn it no no no oh you just painted
the whole thing yes well there we go
just ruined everything good job most of
the world would eat this the Lord yeah
world back people in this room really
talk too much raise your hand
oh yeah that's everybody Keisha her
husband guys not good
come on
oh please okay eat this guy no lead to
bottom one here yes it don't you know
what I did before for this video what I
know are you Pig you got by the one I
wouldn't even either here Rose I can't
really get it what you to that why you
do this to me
hope you guys enjoy the first ever
wasabi laurdiy I got me vs. real sweet
challenge I know you did right we're
gonna do another one
sounds like to me when is my back oh I
always he was the prize octopus army
subscribe
you have it in to subscribe to laurdiy
if you want thank you to my boys and
that nineteen for sending me all the
gummies we used in this video they are
on that dope dope go check them out make
sure subscribe I'll put a link in the
description below and they have a video
that we collide on coming out Saturday
come back tomorrow for another epic
adventure vlog don't forget subscribe
don't forget to like this video if
you're not smiling you're doing it okay
bye
