Oh No Oh No
YouTube little buddies make it / see
what it is would it be wooded - Doh
today tenth day guys you're not ready
for today I have finally received my
girlfriend's new car if you don't know
speak haven't been watching the vlogs
enough because I've explained this a
million bajillion times up
Laurens wanted a car I wanted a pretty
similar call but she didn't want to get
the same car so I said you let me pick
your card you let your lovely boyfriend
decide what I think in my brain is what
you want and then you can do the same
thing and I won't get the same car and
I'll put it in your hands so first I got
her a car and a few months she's gonna
get me a car and we're gonna see what it
is gonna be what it do you talk morons
coming over right now because the car
has arrived and it's downstairs they
already think we're done stunts are you
ready
guess what I did not least hit I bought
it oh I can't return I know can't return
it it's really no different final sale
no it's customized so it's not really
returning ready it's down
I don't rapped there's no big bullies no
sorry but it is clean and it's waiting
for you downstairs
are you are they I don't think you're
like my name for it no Alex no Wasabi's
no sabe no Luthor no Lex Nigel Nigel you
have a look at it we'll figure out we
like that ready oh yeah the cars right
behind you okay
this is gonna be your bar it's not like
we're told it's not least this is your
car
you just have to deal with it because
you gave me power and I used it ready
to go
exactly what you want
like this
big car sounds okay
what do they give me I'm good you know
yeah I did such a good job to me to do
that okay if your holographic good for
you with grim love that okay they're
called with a name for it
Fernando okay I don't know we need your
help to come up with the name since it's
Lauren's car I'm not gonna show you on
my vlog you got to go to her blog that
went up at the same time this vlog went
up on her channel but first watch the
rest of this vlog then watch it again
then subscribe then like turn
notification bell watch it one more time
just to be safe and then go to her blog
check it out see what the perfect
boyfriend car looks like and she's gonna
look me up with a non holographic punch
money please why would you give me a car
without ribbons in the first place
Oh like spinner is know ok January
January is when she'd get in my car
because she just got a house so she
needs to save up a little bit ok like it
he promised plug my body that
you like it
have to go to my basketball game
I promised yesterday he didn't watch
this with fog that I was gonna get 8
points because moosie got his balls cut
off and lower and just one at a point so
that's 8 points he's 7 months old so 7
plus 1 equals 8 and that's how many I'm
gonna get today in honor of my family
enjoy don't drive too fast be safe look
both ways okay just got to basketball
this morning Lauren took moose to get
his balls snipped snipped so I'm playing
this game for him and then I'm gonna go
see how he's doing cuz he gets home
later tonight two more updates before
the game starts
tomorrow I'm releasing the first ever
gummy vs. real food girlfriend challenge
it's gonna be dope I know everybody's
been waiting for it you saw my little
brother you saw my knees and now it's
time to see the girlfriend and then
Friday Friday you get some new wasabi
merch at our lobby cool that's right you
guys don't even know you know they've
already you're not even ready it's new
stuff something you've never seen before
and it's gonna be on that dope dough now
I got play some basketball
basketball completed and we raised a lot
of money for the high school but now
that that's over I have to go check out
my boy moose because he has the cone of
shame how you doing buddy you okay I
know they took it away from you
you okay you okay buddy I know it's okay
you'll feel better soon
it's okay little buddy we turn there you
miss me I miss you too hey I don't know
how many points I got in basketball I
got eight points cuz I told you I was
gonna get any points I did it for you
buddy the most I've ever scored in
charity basketball you know it's the
yoke and then for you poor baby moose my
poor little baby
no I know come on I'll come with you
come on go back to bed
come on my little little boy go in there
or or sit with me yeah sit with me okay
you wait right there
sleep yeah I got your mommy a new car I
mean do you got a new car
you got no car buddy
oh are you looking for bro well you're
looking for is nothing down there
anymore I'm sorry they took it you can
keep looking
you're not gonna find it bro it's just
not there I'm sorry oh oh no oh no you
two little buddies make it / hey Laura
guess how many points I make maybe 10
but definitely at least eight really
yeah I told me you a ton you're good
yeah I think that that up you know watch
the montage it was like right before
this scene what moose come on bro I'm
sorry the ball fairy took them but you
get extra kibble in the morning no no
let it go let it go you ain't got no
balls no more let it go let it go turn
away and slam the great though that's
all I got for you guys today make sure
to come back tomorrow because I'm taking
a twerk class and I got a bunch of
friends coming along I have never
twerked in my life and it's gonna be a
whole workout twerk class and it's
basically just gonna be me and a bunch
of my friends embarrassing ourselves now
last thing this is gonna be the last
vlog until the merch comes out on Friday
at 3 p.m. new merch brand new because
tomorrow is the gummy vs. girlfriend
challenge so this is gonna be the last
time to be able to tell you on the
channel unless you follow me on Twitter
at Lexus avi or Instagram I like to Safi
but you might get a few updates there
but for YouTube this is it so be ready
Friday 3:00 p.m. make sure to subscribe
and don't forget to remember if you're
not smiling you're doing it wrong okay
bye
