it is it's absolutely 100% inside-out
can you help me fix it you guys aren't
going to the hair salon just beefy guy
DB's having a daddy day let him have
some daddy time
get over in here boy
so I need to stop by the hair salon
because I'm doing something my hair and
we need to test something out so if my
hair all doesn't fall off because we did
that silly isn't it we're having to deal
with the ramifications of Jenna's
brilliant work Chrissy wants a diet so
yes so like color test the hair we're
basically gonna bleach test the hair so
I you ready well you're just getting a
piece of it cut off and then Ross gonna
test it right yeah I couldn't just like
post mated him a piece of my that's
disgusting just kind of piece off giving
it to the goober five minutes you know
he's gonna know we were in the other
room the other day and we put a mini
green screen up for Jenna for the
tournament maja post was behind and he
wasn't near her and Jenna says he might
get upset if he can't see me
guys can't exist without each other
yes well I guess you can't really argue
that excuse me
you really soon okay you have like
nothing like ten minutes maybe you're
feeling good
over there it's long you little haircut
yeah haircut you know that dad joke when
you're like I'm gonna go get a haircut
and they're like a hair that's all you
have so many I'm literally going to get
a haircut right now like we don't want
like to damage my hair when when I
bleach it next we're literally cutting a
piece of my hair off and I'm just gonna
leave it with him what so he's gonna
test it so this is that dad joke in real
life I don't want to just like walk up
in there with a dog so I'm gonna text
the Rauf and be like brought dog Genesis
bringing dogs to the hair salon is like
a thing like people do that but I've
never seen that
is okay I brought him in his name is mr.
Marvel's perfect size for the hair salon
right just like I could bring him here
for a cut yeah he's 9 yeah he's nine
he's an old guy yeah eight chihuahuas he
literally just got one okay all right
the longest hair could have ever had all
right so we're gonna test that and then
if all goes well with it see you
tomorrow go are you ready to go
hi marvel he's done getting your hair
cut
what an adventure you got somewhere to
be
oh wow Wow I actually don't know I don't
know where I can bring a dog where can I
bring you where do you want to go huh I
guess we're just going home now do you
have any other errands he run you sure
I promise I don't want to get home and
then you remember something huh
oh yeah he enjoyed this adventure I
think so I haven't really gotten to tell
you guys on the vlog about the
tournament that we played yesterday the
twitch rivals pub G tournament we played
in as a squad and had so much fun we
placed overall we placed 10th there were
16 teams so you know there were five
matches right so we did 8th place the
first game meet 11th place and they did
14th place and we did 8th place and then
we did 6th place so we got in the top
eight three different times and the way
the tournament worked because it was a
proper tournament with a cash prize each
game places one through eight won money
we were in the money three games out of
five which is super super cool overall
it was just like a crazy fun experience
like we got to like once again we got to
play with all these streamers who are a
lot of them are semi-pros or ex pros or
whatever I got
shouted by shroud okay I don't know how
that hit I didn't make any sense we ran
into choco tacos squad a bunch of times
the whole thing was just a boss it was
very cool there's cool stuff coming out
of twitch you know we've been putting a
lot of time into that channel into being
present on the platform yesterday was
like one of those days where it feels
like damn that's cool it feels like it's
kind of paying off so that's what we did
yesterday it like took up our entire day
and we had been training for it for four
days prior but tonight I'm actually
gonna give fortnight a real try I have
not really played for a night at all
Chris Mel burger full-blown on the dark
side he is a fortnight player now I
promised him as soon as the tournament
was over I would I would play with him
and let him teach me for tonight so
we're gonna place him for tonight he's
going to teach me and I guess we'll see
how that goes peachy you love the
Minchin but you always tell his food so
what's why here I was sitting there and
the woman next to me was like then I was
like bye cuz I only had one hair cut off
my head let's hang out this little uh
I got something to show you guys Dave
hold on for a sec please stop all right
anyway I got a one two three four five
extra cookbooks and I don't know what to
do it they sent these they sent these to
us I don't know why they sent us five I
want to give these away to you guys so
how should we do this how are we gonna
figure this out what do we do to
determine how five of you will get these
help me with ideas turn off I'm taking
my blow away from you if you don't ya
jelly's sue god I would ruin that in two
seconds I would rip them no no yeah you
can't die my dog he's my best excuse me
he doesn't love being bad he's reaching
out to hurt you because he doesn't like
being pecked no he doesn't like your
sauce and you're being such he loves
everything about the situation except
for you and I think you need to give him
space he's attacking you ma'am ma'am I
can only save you for so long he will
attack you please get your hand off my
animal okay anyway I wanted to just let
you know that I'm gonna go live on
Twitch like right now I'm gonna put this
Fargo
give me your contacts I'll try subscribe
that's so wrong I'll teach you how to do
it
you wear my contacts challenge I see you
put a lens into my eyeball that makes me
blind what golf so go away soon
daddy's kids god he's cute he's already
in a bad mood not doing anything
I literally just picked him up see that
is such a toxic relationship that we're
looking at all you just pick him up and
he just attacks what's around him this
is toxic just gets 20 dislikes hey I
have a hair cut I don't need anybody I
don't think it's a funny joke no no oh
my god thank you sir bye hey guys it's
me Julian tonight I am the volca
