hey Siri what's the weather like in
Minneapolis this week looks like in
Minneapolis MN there will be mostly
clear skies and snow between today and
Sunday daytime temperatures will
fluctuate between 6 and 32 degrees with
overnight lows between negative 7 and 19
degrees never mind
are you gonna come with me sir because
if you're not I'd really like that fur
coat you're wearing it looks awful warm
I think you'd be just fine Minneapolis
me on the other hand will be a struggle
bus so tomorrow is a day that we go to
Minneapolis for the Super Saturday night
with wops achill and JLo and Super Bowl
and the snow and the freezing
temperature and you guys forever making
tripods out of objects that shouldn't be
tripods probably like 25 26 hours till I
take off and I have a whole bunch to do
as usual when I travel I like to keep
everything for the last minute so as to
make the last day as as packed and
stressful as possible but I have my
little therapy dog here and making
little piggy noises last night I just
want to say a quick thank you to
everyone who tuned in to the stream pub
G is doing a charity marathon it's going
on through Friday it's still happening
they gave me a four hour slot on their
channel to play pub G and raise money
for extra life for charity that donates
to children's hospitals and children's
health care and we raised over $9,000 in
four hours it was pretty incredible it
was a really special stream played in
front of a kind of a new audience in
addition to our audience because we were
playing on pub G's Channel but I was
blown away with the amount of donations
in the generosity in chat so last night
was amazing my heart feels really full
after last night but a full heart is not
gonna pack my suitcase pretty sure that
sentence has literally never been said
like ever
well you gotta help me panic
you wanna you want to go to Minneapolis
I got word back from my doctor um from
the scans I got last week that
everything is looking pretty normal
there wasn't any red flags there are no
hidden problems presenting themselves so
that's good so thank you guys for those
who have been tweeting me it's been a
weird week I'm not gonna lie it's been a
weird week and leading up to today I
feel like I've had kind of a fair my
fair share of anxiety going up and down
and all over the place but I'm doing
well and last night was like kind of
exactly what I needed because yeah you
know sometimes you need to just like
remove yourself from all your problems
and focus on a problem that's way way
bigger right like the kids who who
desperately need health care to survive
and think about that and put your energy
in time just a little bit towards that
to the point where you're like okay you
come back to your own stuff and you're
you were reminded it kind of the fact
that you're fortunate with all that said
I'm feeling good I need a shower
I'm disgusting I hope you guys are doing
well if any of you are in the
Minneapolis area we would love to see
you guys we're gonna be doing some
really cool interactive meetup
opportunities while we're in Minneapolis
for this event it's all going to be
culminating on Saturday so there will be
a lot of opportunities for those of you
who are in the area and want to get
involved and get in the mix stay tuned
all right pity girl can I give you the
camera I have to get ready do you mind
you want to walk rotten peaches vlogs
look at me I'm naked today I'm gonna go
talk to Kermit oh here's the man talk to
me I'm gonna talk to miles oh he's the
one thanking me where's daddy I mean I
love you but I also really just use you
to hug and cuddle cuz you're soft
you're a pretty blond wolf I have to
shower but I don't want I recently got
it is a pain stick made with CBD and we
got it from my friend Kayla Christine
who actually sells like oils and a whole
line of natural amazing products a lot
of which contains CBD and I've been
putting on my shoulders when I sleep and
it's been helping me a lot
I gotta enter the chamber of flying
water now hey Julian you just time-lapse
yourself taking a shower where does it
stop
I don't know when I get demonetised
probably and gets tea monetized I have
to do something about my face I feel
like I was slightly animalistic of me to
shower and then shave my face I don't
normally do that I don't know why I did
it
I all I can say is I'm sorry to myself
and everyone involved I'm realizing upon
looking at myself in the mirror that I
have a little bit of a bruise on my eye
I think I don't know what happened it
must have been jujitsu or I punched
myself in the face
why are you the way that you are and
thank you for doing it
mm-hmm I can't describe how he smells
it's like the weirdest most distinct
smell ever this is interesting that I
just found this on the couch this was
from when I ate oatmeal for breakfast
can you tell me hey can you tell me why
this is on the couch you're in trouble
naughty this is not for you not for no
don't smell not for you bad girl lately
every time I game he sits with me right
here hey mama this is now what I see
every time my game and you're probably
asking why doesn't he sit with his
mother which he probably prefers well
I'll show you why you screwed on over
here a little bit and this is taken Wham
and then down there the other Wham takes
up this one when she's not up here as
well so I am lucky enough to get the
little beep boy who sits very happily
and he sleeps right next to my arms
while I play it is a nice thing I just
got done playing a couple games with
Jeff I got to eat and I was just about
to go to the laundry but now snake is on
and I want to play with snake is this
game the drug am i prescribed how much
okay maybe I'll play the snake then I
have to do a little laundry we have to
record a podcast and I have to tack
those are three things do you think I
can do that and play the snake like the
way you think my mom you have anything
to say to the vlog well you love the
vlog
what thanks for watching
mm-hmm tell them to tell them to
subscribe subscribe to the channel for
sure why cuz it's fun it's interesting
it's from the heart say see you later
alligator
