all right it is Mother's Day and I have
just under an hour and a half to get
everything ready my mom's coming over
Jenna's mom's coming over and my
grandma's coming over so look at me
triple mothers three sets of flowers ton
of food and one man will I do it yeah
it's probably enough time
shoutout to mom
alright it is 12 and I think I've got
everything done also really quick this
I'm not sorry about it
the more you guys tell me not to do
something the more I want to do it I had
to do it though and it's mild you know I
didn't like shave the rest of my face I
just it's like an ode to you
I made the music way too loud okay
Google volume to 6 now I can bark so the
plan was to make a whole big old Caesar
salad for today and we'll probably order
pizza too but pretty much everyone who's
coming
well Caesar salad and Jenna and I have a
pretty bangin vegan recipe for it
so I'm going to do that I have bee free
bread and bagels which we're going to
use for croutons I got these cashews
going we're going to make fresh dressing
and we have the whole thing so I'm going
to go in on that about 30 minutes till
they arrive so I do want to have
something ready for when they get here
do you see that over there do you Caesar
all right so you're just about ready
croutons are sitting here now awaiting
their instruction the lettuce is here
just doing lettuce things and
right in here we have the vegan Caesar
dressing to the stars
Debbie Machine is here and the other
mothers have not arrived I got three
flowers or bouquets and I said
first-come first-serve so the Machine
came here she was first and she chose
those flowers so he did my mom and
grandma and my grandma my mom this day
is so fun I'm surprising mama quicker my
mom doesn't know my mom doesn't know
volunteer she's just getting here right
now for Mother's Day
oh my god I'm so fat and more without
hoping to see Bobby so that was right
there and I went you know what is one of
so I went you like do night Johnny
I kind of wanted a hole for that bed but
I didn't hope for it because they do
meet Juan of it now get enough
when I didn't know it no because my
favorite all today I know these are
there too and here I have a small here
for episode three today Mother's Day
about you he hasn't stopped meeting me
all day peach girl go for a ride we can
make you drink
good good good girl go good good sir
feel so good so I just did some grocery
shopping for my phone so grocery is
going to be here soon and I'm hungry so
that timing works how nicely but it is
actually relatively cold today so I turn
on the fire and I'm sitting almost
inside of it to maximize warmth the rest
of Mother's Day went great we had a
fantastic time and then we podcasted
with the Machine good slapping Ichigo
you are so thank you sitting by the fire
you would get weird that we're sitting
by the fire I mean I guess there's
there's like June gloom coming but I
feel like by now it should be pretty
fucking hot everyday so I'm actually
enjoying this so after a while a bunch
of you guys hit me up and told me that I
should get secure ping backings and that
way I won't lose my pins and it's
actually funny that a lot of you said
that because we are actually working on
something like that get you a dog who
hydrates like that the pin backing
problem likely won't be an issue for
much longer but I thank you guys for the
concern so today I have been kind of
dealing with some nonsense it's been
zero days since our last nonsense just
boring sitting on the phone on hold for
a lot of things
so that's today tomorrow so this week is
actually pretty exciting a good amount
of stuff going on and then next week I'm
taking a trip to New York City and I
can't wait for that and I'll tell you
guys all about what that is
very soon so tomorrow I'm meeting up
with Colin to do some law school stuff
so you guys will see that and today I
think I actually might trek my ass over
to the gym do you hear that that was my
fucking shoulder at this point I
basically have two bad shoulders but I
really just like rested it for like a
week and I sit every day and it still
hurts a little bit but it's like good
enough you know because I feel like I
can never ever fully heal any injury
it's always just like you get it to the
point where it's okay enough to start
moving around and then you just resume
life and things can hurt and yeah yeah
if yes it's fine the groceries are
arrived well I'm gonna make myself a
snack and then think I'm gonna go do
some deadlifts me I need to like shock
myself into the week for now view the
sky through the screen come on sky not
screen focus no wrong incorrect there we
go I love love this song and I can't
believe it's just now making it to radio
I think it's been like two weeks since
I've actually gone lifting that's going
to feel like a lot but I'm happy I'm
going because I feel like two weeks is a
lot but what's a lot more than two weeks
is freely so I feel like the difference
between taking off of the gym between
two weeks and three weeks is just such a
big difference and I was hitting it
pretty hard for about a month or so
before I hurt my shoulder so I'm excited
that I'm getting back in here before it
gets to be just like that mentally
exhausting amount of time you know
I'll tell your Top Gun Twitter for
copper-skinned Jim I'm now back in my
car the workout is finished done with
and forgotten not really forgotten ah
feeling some nice endorphins there was a
moment in there when I was dead lifting
and an older gentleman came up to me and
just bumped me I think he was impressed
I'm not saying anyone should be
impressed but it reminded me of that
episode the office when the interns plop
and Dwight jr. are just like clapping
for who they clapping for Andy maybe I
don't know they're clapping for someone
while he's just doing normal things
that's kind of what I thought you felt
good it's nice to have an interaction
with a total stranger that is positive
thanks guy this one's for you this one
what I don't know but it is for you what
the hell happened to my hat boy what is
this this thing is looking more I just
made one of the most amazing left turns
on the most impossible Street ever and
Google Maps told me to do it I feel like
a legend oh hey thank you amazing all
right so we're making Kong cow tofu for
dinner haven't made it in a long time
and I really want to make it and we got
a tofu press and if you eat tofu you're
vegan or you just like tofu and you're
considering getting a tofu press you
have to do nothing you just let it sit
in there which is amazing because the
more you dry it out the way better the
flavors and the texture you can make
with it it's like you can do so much
with tofu once it's dried out so that is
fucking dope I'm hungry though so I'm
gonna start cookin huge healthy hack
snap peas great for snacking on so I
just prepared all the veggies sort of
leek scallion chomping use snap peas
really supposed to have celery but I
forgot it well we were just talking
about one of the times we made this
recipe you're supposed to use a Chinese
long pepper we can't find those so we
use the jalapeno and one time we thought
it would be a good idea to use a Thai
chili pepper and not just one like a
handful until we made this recipe the
Thai chili peppers
and our mouth went numb as soon as we
started taking by to the third it was
crazy
you don't even know I wish I could
explain how crazy what this is our
dried-out tofu and then the batter is
right now matter I've hardly know her
crying dogs I'm looking sunset crying so
we are now at the hardest most intense
part of the recipe which I want to show
you this is where you make your own
chili oil so we're starting out with
regular vegetable oil but we infuse it
with dried chilies and Szechuan
peppercorns and so the instructions say
once the oil is hot and shimmering in
the wok you add the chilies and
peppercorns and you cook for five
seconds and then you immediately drain
it into this strange well peppers and
then a tablespoon of pepper corn crashes
all pressures all you can do that
believe in you well the guys here and
you what we got here I do you count the
Spanish uno dos tres cuatro Cinco oh my
god oh my god yeah burns really good
work so let me get rid of the
peppercorns we keep the peppers no yeah
oh oh what is that oh okay turn that off
and burn our side huh oh my god all
right spices spices
oh do you want to eat um you wanna eat
in the valley Silicon Valley
RUP me did you be me I love you
