all right well I am now just waiting to
get started so like I said we're
shooting with a new product and
obviously I can't show you that but what
I will vlog today is sort of everything
around that and all the stuff that we're
doing to try to make it a cool video
basically I was asked to create a video
and shoot it in the style that I am best
which is very close to a vlog style a
little bit different and so that's what
is going to happen to everyone in
multiple locations around LA and we are
going to shoot with said product but
more importantly this is you know it
feels like I am starring you know and
directing kind of feel like it's a lot
but it's good you know I was talking
about last night having butterflies and
that's a good thing
anyway about my second coffee because
one's not enough for today
all right mom hello there hi in the
parking lot look can I help you
all right what do you want to drink what
are the options I'll have whatever
second easiest ones you need sandwiches
I'm a sandwich of course hell yeah
Bob so if your describe what we're doing
right now without giving away without
giving away what if it is well it's um
very personal and interactive and
interesting and novel novel haven't seen
anything quite in that category yet I'm
a little like in that place where I
physics pas don't really understand what
happened you brought us all the whole
time I'm not going to question it
because I like it but I'm not going to
understand it maybe right away okay by
the way it has to do with drones and my
mother mom drones moms / drones
moms picked wrong like a Craigslist ad
moms for Joe
I brought peach along for the shoot oh
and she's crying I know it's so sad but
um we're doing a little walk for the
last bit of today's shoot and all you do
is walk literally all you have to do is
walk
why are you crying you just need a lot
she's nervous about life ever since she
was born
she's been nervous yeah so we're gonna
do a little walk down here and what you
doing one more thing on Saturday but for
today this is the rap we're done after
that shout-out to Cody over there is it
holding it down with camera he's getting
the Ronin ready
sending a speech come funny funny this
shape of you flippers idea is so weird
all right let me be funny
guided is so beautiful outside and
there's a school right back that
coverage doesn't eat because if he
thought he'd be losing his tiny my
number yeah you would thank you it feels
like summer no it's crazy is we've been
living here for almost three years like
two and a half year a little more than
two not years I was talk to my neighbor
the other day let me move in the kid who
lives next start with a sophomore in
high school and he's a senior now that
for me was like holy shit
time is flown by I like can't we r to
think about how fast time goes sometimes
I have long day yesterday and it was
good the shoe went well and then I got
home and I was pretty tired but not
tired enough to say no to play or
unknown battlegrounds with Chris so I
did that first few hours which was a
blast
he actually streamed it so a few you
guys were there hanging out there's
definitely one or two more okay you no
longer I just do
yeah kill to oh yeah now Julian not yeah
yes yes player unknowns battleground is
probably the game that I am worst at and
I like the most that I've ever played
each what should I cook hell over there
outside because they like squint their
eyes at you because it's so bright you
guys don't even have sunglasses dogs
have an advanced that much where have
your inventions been first I guess you
need thumbs a little thing on my
shoulder my shoulders doing
significantly better I've been literally
resting it like all week long and I
think that's helping next week I can
start jujitsu again and peach I asked
you what we should cook today and you
never told me so if you could maybe let
me know so we do a Jain peach in Kay's
kitchen let's cook quick trick when
you're cooking with yours Alex and you
want them to hang out with you just
carry around some treats so they won't
we have to see too high of his medicine
thanks not for you there you go no some
chew it and you get a little piece of it
but he has lost
your bread your chips cognitive not feed
his pet I don't know you guys are in the
booth or do you want a bagel the funny
thing is if I left that out there and
left peach would break into that and
start eating you I don't know what do
you guys feel in like Chinese you guys
want some tortillas I remember what you
guys need really like there's as much as
that's like a funny joke you know that
there's someone who got a dog long time
was like yeah I don't know what's about
to feed them don't like anything in my
pantry you guys feeling
how much you want or what I didn't work
when I get injured and I can't do my
normal physical the first thing to go is
my diet my body is just like fuck it I
can't work out might as well eat
whatever I want and now I'm back in
yesterday's outfit I'm not a time
traveler nor am i wearing the same shirt
however many days in a row I came out to
where I was yesterday to kind of do over
a few things that didn't really work out
for the video shooting and I just
realized upon opening my backpack that
one of my pins hold my backpack and I've
seen some of you guys tweet me that
that's happened to you and it sucks so I
know what you're feeling now know your
pain and I don't know where it fell out
that's like the weirdest part
it just looked in it was off my backpack
but I guess the backpack is kind of a
risky spot to put a pin in addition to
shooting just now the weather is
beautiful and these guys are nuts today
they're just off the wall so I'm trying
to get him some exercise that's happy
you guys happy you seem happy I do want
to apologize the vlogs have been crazy
late this week let me get back on back
on track next week with early uploads on
an insane couple of days but a good
insane now if you'll excuse me I'm going
to continue walking with my
noise-canceling headphones with nothing
playing alright full volume on nothing
trying to upload the video and snapchat
froze because I was going to like talk
to you on snapchat
why is it oh my god it's actually like
frozen mid snap I wonder how long this
will go oh no I different ears fab chat
fix your life
