you know what's funny is there's a
preset white balance on my camera called
shade and every time I pick it because
it's the right for the setting I always
feel like I am throwing shade at my
camera uh so today is I think the first
day that I've sort of felt like a human
after playlist playlist as a lot of you
guys know is awesome it's wonderful is
more than both of those things
emotionally exhausting and just
exhausting in general so you know it's
like you get home from playlist you have
a good night rest some food some time on
the couch in the next morning you're
like alright I should be good but you're
not that's the problem it takes you a
few extra days to recover and I think
that was my fifth or sixth playlist ago
it never gets any less like that so
today is you know it's nice to finally
feel like a person I just got dressed
and I wish I could tell you how proud of
that I am I am going to be involved in a
really really awesome kind of dream
project for me the next few weeks and I
wanted to let you guys know because a
lot of what's going to be in the vlogs
will be sort of the behind the scenes of
having this project go on I can't tell
you all that much but I will show you
more and what I can tell you is that it
involves DJI on drones it involves
something new and it involves traveling
I let you guys know a to keep in the
loop would be because I genuinely think
you're going to be very very excited
about this I really do so with that said
it is now time to go to the offices of
DGI
shall we after you go see there
oh good monkey
you did it good good doing exactly what
I say dump
why did I spend seven dollars on this I
don't fucking know
I kind of hate myself for it but I'm not
the only one who hates it
Charlie what the hell this day is just
just gray it's a gray day and on this
great day I am and route to DJI right
now going to get some stuff done and
sort it out and that will be right back
home my car is filthy and it's
especially filthy after a long weekend
away from it so I keep telling myself
and you clean it and then for some
reason I don't clean it
alright fast forward and I'm here and
I'm it's still gray still grass I put a
run inside and do some John things you
wanna come or do you wanna turn in the
car it's actually kind of nice in here
but I'll take you right
there's right now at the equipment room
at TGI and getting something sorted
working with them on a new product was
it kid most I can tell you right now
about it but you're going to be seeing
so much more of it as time goes on but
every time I come into this equipment
room I will tell you one thing I never
want to leave it is thrown and equipment
in heaven there's Isles and Isles of
awesome shit so that's where I'm at
right now start installing now we're
updating from where and I'm gonna head
out to thank Harding yeah what's up dude
have you been attached at the hip to
your mom sure
so Jenna need the bald job and we're
rushing to this place I doubt a
finalized
I'm not even going to go into a while
you need a bald cap I think everyone
probably knows go into it because she
going bald everyone know her video
you'll see it's coming out but we found
this place called cinema secrets this it
and supposedly they have all the secrets
of cinema that we never heard of I'm
editor Mikey Franklin Mikey from where
the doors all attended chiku mr. namazi
is above the law
oh yeah Mikey from clam and gore 100%
shocks here hosting and then kind of
wrap them around your head and then send
them on both sides and then pop this on
I think you were fitting almost a wig so
basically I'm and then pop this on and
cut out the year well I found the makeup
area
and this place is so dope also I don't
need to grow a mustache anymore I need
to have that patience because I can just
come here and have all these options I
love this place
I like a new favorite spot all right
guys you're not in on the secret so no
telling right having some food right now
this right here is some southern fried
chicken that we made yesterday we made
some vegan cheetah waffles and here is
like the sriracha mayo and I've been
ending and getting some other stuffs on
top we're going to shoot you this video
in a little bit but I needed to take a
break and eat this food it also reminded
me that all day yesterday I like could
and pick up the camera it's weird like
some days I really like especially like
after big events and stuff it's hard for
me to vlog so I hope you excuse the late
vlog but in addition to taunt you with
the goodness which I'm also taunting
peach with unintentionally I wanted to
let you know that I am dropping a new
collection of pins in May like new
design new everything I think you guys
are going to really dig it we just put
the order recently which means it should
be at least a week week and a half till
we get them but I'm so excited to show
you them yeah that's all I want to say
like it's fucking dope and I'm pumped
I'm gonna eat my dinner on the table of
my shoots also Oh what you think I
should end the vlog all right mama are
you sure okay probably I should end the
vlog all right bye
