all right so I am in Orlando I met
playlist and that's our hotel and I I
beat Roma Jenna here because I came a
day early to see my dad so I just spent
like 24 hours with my dad and it was
awesome but they're going to be to our
hotel rooms in just a second I have rose
key so I texted Colin I said I'm rooms
key and she's not here yet what should I
do to her room Colin's idea would just
fill the bathtub which i think is
brilliant because it's harmless but it's
really weird for her to come here and
just find the bathtub full so I am
currently waiting for the bathtub to be
full then I'm going to turn off the
faucet and go back to my room and act
like nothing happened
I think there's still like ten minutes
away so I should be okay
I think what she gets here and she
unloads your stuff and goes in the
bathroom she'll see it so I won't give
her a media reaction but I will freak
her out maybe just slightly inconvenient
sir hopefully we'll see but this is our
view from the hotel kind of insane also
you'll notice I'm wearing this which is
the neat dude and waffle collaboration
that we've been working on and I'm so
fucking excited we announce it today I
stop I need you to booth and got to see
everything they go on sale at the booth
tomorrow so we're going to sell them at
playlist I'm going to show you guys in
the vlog the whole booth and that whole
experience tomorrow but very pumped
about it and let's check homes water
again man
imagine if she thought that the person
who stayed here before unfit didn't
empty the path oh my god el mayo and
back in our room like nothing fucking
happened
by the way I think we have window
washers here because this rope has just
been like dangling really oddly for a
little while but I can't get out because
they have like a little doorstop right
here
I would need an Allen wrench I'm not
going to be a jackass and open it well I
guess they're going to be here soon
we'll see all right well look here drum
sound the bass your shit look is here so
weird like opening a hotel room door and
you walk in Ron just texted me saying
the bats freaked her out
but the plan grant is expert oh yeah
let's check out generous amazing sex
dirt out fit I've named her outfit the
sex derp I smashed it if you like this
as I can wear this because this is what
I actually wear tonight
it's dirty because of the camera or one
thing but it's sex because she um visit
in the front a little bit and you can
see a little speck
okay what is that Spencer
Suribachi almighty pocket oh then I just
go straight to the wall quick out serves
on robot brothers tags me saying Collin
with like how's the room how's the
bathroom and I'm like what the fuck what
a weird question I discovered the tub
you dick
have to play list I am going to the new
tubas my peril and her main group first
stop is need to probably this time I'm
most excited about and I wither away all
right could you even got the interior
stuff yeah that's right see that
possibly now there's a replica that is
like all over the place but that is
really rad like the way they did enact
yeah alright are we getting picked up
proposed in this yeah that's alright sir
what I think
I'm like right hit on a camera a bit
silly and escaped my hands are really
shaky best hi all right I got a little
otter hat right yeah
so really gonna need to boost someone's
at our front door
bunchy came out to meet Jesus so thank
you guys for doing that it was fun I
only had like an hour because I'm going
to the panel now which I'm still not on
the program for apparently going to do a
panel Dan and Phil Alexis she's all Sean
someone else it'll be fun or it'll be
terrible we don't know yet
Dawkins broken yeah not going to be
shuttered oh yeah because if that
doesn't work in any Leslie in this April
1509 yeah I can sir one phase I don't
know other Mike on that handle is over
really really enjoyed it
I've never done that animal playlist
I've only actually done a few panels
ever so that was kind of wonderful Dan
and Phil are awesome I always love
seeing them and it was live stream so a
bunch of you guys are tweet me that you
watched it which is really rod now I'm
going to go to the green room not the
blue room and meet team like for some
team legs action oh Jesus like
okay so tell me how you want things done
when you're done which is Percy - each
proton let's go oh I'm sorry you can see
I don't live long in a barn
not a would you do you think um prions
what do you do all the wrong things I
told you I'm gonna do it if I'm going to
do I can't film ends with your arms oh
really okay would you
load air is still recording Oh what's up
a slacker need to play again we have no
idea you're like yeah everybody knows it
I'm really like beanie baby I know and
ice appears their ears to some I still
have like little I think it I don't know
which I wasn't living with Anita
clapping was her hell yeah and all the
pain thank you you're now officially my
daughter thank you so that's the word
like a lot of ours and we're back in the
hotel room and the date I playlist is
over in fact everything we're officially
doing in place is over
it was fucking rad day non-stop nine
hours it was neat ood my panel and then
I meet up and everything went awesome
and it's somehow 8:30 now I don't know
how that happened but we are finally
going to go eat some food which we
haven't done all day
we're going to meet Christian snake John
needed Clint to have dinner at mellow
mushroom YouTube family
and also I don't know if we're going
directly to the party after which I
don't want to be with my camera there
another beautiful shot of the beauty
yeah
I mean his outfit yeah you showed it up
last night and they didn't wear it she
didn't wear this last night so she's
wearing it today I know I'm so cute I
want to say thank you to all you guys
who came to our mean great game of my
panel and who bought one of the
Nietzsche Wasco shirts at playlist you
guys are absolute best and I can't thank
you enough
oh no I'm really sorry
never was the world has to room oh I
understand now don't call it a bird
boom shut the fucking mic greatly why
Mary Johnny Carson I put out cold before
yeah that's my jacket you're gonna rip
anything you saw with that box for sure
you only think about where you can wear
I wear this I always have everyone just
pulling on me all night for sure where I
mean I'd wear it undone but you could
totally rock it yeah don't variously why
oh she kills me and I try it I was like
I never hang out funky a chick on a rock
this is the shirt I wore yesterday
playlist and that's the makeup shoulder
never someone hugs me they have makeup
on it goes right there it's a it's a
pretty solid makeup shoulder so as of
now we have just a few hours left in
Orlando we're going to enter the airport
in four hours I think by this is fun I
had absolutely fantastic time with our
friends Christian and sneaking John
those guys are awesome Jenna still
sleeping
and I'm just brush it like in case you
couldn't tell I just realized that this
hotel has one of those lazy rivers I'm
fans are you like sit in it and float
and that's all and if it weren't for the
people in it I would probably be there
that's actually a good point
how about you just out of course you
find them yeah you win no I mean I don't
shame played fighter give up on a
podcast and it's amazing we're leaving
the hotel room
say bye Orlando
and then play live large
