so I think I gotta go get this thing
looked at I still have a few ideas of
what I think happened to me yesterday
and I read you know some of your
comments but I think it's kind of
between either my collarbone or some
joint in my shoulder I couldn't really
move last night I slept surprisingly
well with this injury because shoulders
being sore and injured or something like
the hardest injuries to sleep with you
can't sleep on your side and so now I
can't sleep on either side I slept
surprisingly well but I woke up in a ton
of pain so I'm going to go over to
Urgent Care today to try to get it
looked at
maybe x-rays I leave for playlist
tomorrow so when you're watching this I
will be at the airport inconvenient I'd
say but we still feel a little looked at
because it's tough it's not good shape
welcome to the vlog
all right
it is urgent I am now an urgent care it
is officially urgent I don't know what's
going to happen I don't know it's my
shoulder to call mom I don't know if I
mean x-ray or not I just don't know
and I have not caffeine this is unfair
you guys want some needles have you
covered - right there I'll hook yeah so
the doctor looked at it and initially
thinks it might just be a bone bruise
because all of my rotator cuff joints
Intendant seem to be intact my range of
motion is good like I said so I think
that's best case scenario just a big old
bone bruise which I'm not stranger to at
this point but I'm going in for the
x-ray in just a minute to rule out any
any fractures to the left
better alright well we're waiting for
the official results of the radiologist
but just me looking at it it looks
pretty good it looks pretty clean okay
all right so it won't you know it soon
as possible where we get the official
reading yeah okay okay but it doesn't
look like there's any prior check out of
the way and this there's no fucking clue
I'm supposed to doing it can we just
send it back to myself in 1998 okay get
up it's not making once understand and
make a start let's go then let me up to
five cars I can you see I see be on my
boy you have my seven eight nine Viking
is your fucking new motherfucker you're
handed everything listening to Canadians
interview happened earlier say it's
really good anytime they do doesn't have
you it's worth listening to
even if you're not a fan of anime a good
interview always also grab this today we
were just out getting compiler John and
I decided I needed to grab it because
they had it excited support so I just
took alone that nice my shoulder and
then woke up really out of it and this
dude is just sitting right next to me on
the couch and it felt like you're just
watching me to make sure I was okay it's
normally done good watchdog
all right we're spoiling add again we're
going to make him some some cool stuff
and dinner making them pancakes but
before you make pancakes we have to make
him oh yeah what are you doing get on
boy there we go all right we're doing a
whole bunch of hamster stuff our fastest
single 0 62 3 seconds real quick there
was 20 inch rims oh okay yeah yay
you can't like tell how big his faces
you know it's so furry
okay come here alright we are about to
finish filming the rest of this video I
have to get all budgeted together
because I leave early o'clock in the
morning I leave before this vlog goes up
so I want to quickly let you know that
if you're going to playlist and you want
to catch me on a panel I am doing a
panel on Saturday the panel is called
community panel creating a community
it's at 12:30 on Saturday doing it with
Danville Lexus gzhel and I think a
couple other people I'm not sure who but
that is the panel lbs so if you want to
see me Saturday at 12:30 is the time to
do it I'm going to be running from there
to our meet and greet right after so
that's like my whole Saturday playlist
but I'm excited play this is always
really fun and I also get to see my dad
who has recently moved to Florida I'm
very excited for that and don't blink
meme at me um I have to go I have to go
feed him stop it because we have to go
feed our hamster some pancakes this work
actually did work for the full story
catch it on her Channel
oh my god collabs
ah my favorite cladding is so fun
bracelet twisted mold off
