so today is an interesting Day and I
would say a pretty big one yesterday
I finally made myself an eye appointment
because I've been having a lot of eye
strain and I actually tried on a pair of
glasses recently the very slight
prescription and I noticed like a really
positive difference which was weird to
me because I always thought my vision
was not perfect but just good enough so
I figured I would go make an eye
appointment I did yesterday and the
tests that aadmi do with prescription
without was kind of mind-blowing I
didn't think that I could see that much
better and I could
so today's when I go pick up glasses I
really don't want to vlog right now
because I'm in pain Tom what happened do
you care even a little bit I hurt my
shoulder today in jujitsu and it hurts
I like dying in death sorry I've had a
bad shoulder for what eight months now
nine months since the car accident and I
think today was like you have one good
shoulder that's one too many
let's make both of them bad I like to
sell on it weird if you're wondering
what that looks like
well yes you don't have to wonder
anymore yeah it was I heard like a crack
with a weird sensation and immediate
pain I'm icing it it happened like an
hour ago I'm at home now I'm all dressed
and ready for the day I just wish this
didn't happen but it did and I think
that's that's okay because nothing is
ever supposed to go exactly according to
plan otherwise we would be living in the
German show and only wants that all
those Teesside is nice I still have to
go get my glasses so I think it's a it's
best we go do that because when comes
the glasses glasses glasses it I'll be
the glasses it Julian
are you ready senior classes
anywhere I can see in HD wow yeah they
fit good yeah is that what you're
testing like to fit right now okay why
don't you put your hand in Bennett
likeness what is it oh that's the mic
yeah I like them they're comfortable
yeah they look good
No thank you better oh you think great
yeah you like really good they look good
though it was normal thank you I don't
work yeah I can see so well right now
don't know what that post especially
after you I can't take some getting used
to it like my eyes are gonna hurt a
little bit you were a kid doll like in
school if you would have you would have
had to get glasses
I was never a kid in school though so
luckily you still reads from far away my
vision I would think it's safe to say my
visions gotten worse well it looks like
my feet are really close you know it's
really not that serious
I will do a grande night rally that is
so good to try the other way
unbelievable this is like my new
favorite entree bait they have this
nitro Cobra and it's on draft wake-up
beer and it's so delicious so one thing
that's kind of been interesting in the
ever since getting glasses and ever
since going to the appointment today was
I didn't realize how how much better
your vision could be I always thought
since my vision was good enough that's
that's bad like I didn't realize it
because right now it's still kind of
blowing my mind that I can see so much
clearer with the glasses and I was just
living like this before
rubbing it into my face I didn't have
glasses but you needed them I needed
done the whole time plot twist I was
blind the whole time all right
today's been a day of improvements -
little injury happening but uh my hair
is now cut it was getting way too long
for anything oh it was such a pain it
was so long but I just got it cleaned up
so it's nice and good Oh teacher huh you
don't being at least wrong I'm trying to
figure out what I did to myself today I
tell her on my shoulder it's hurting
like on top and a cross curl on the trap
to the top of my PEC and it really hurts
when I go forward and overhead which
sucks I'm just really trying to figure
out what it did I need to go to a doctor
but regardless I feel like it's just one
of those weird things you know like my
left shoulder has been bugging me but
it's starting to get better and then BAM
time for the right shoulder to get a
taste BAM
what is you doing we are getting ready
to podcasts we're doing the podcast
early this week because I going to play
this this weekend we'll be able to
podcast later on the week we're doing
actually really fun game for the
Pacquiao's doing like a choose your own
adventure game
so we basically just focus on the living
room cackling to ourselves writing out
our own adventure that we're going to
let the other person play out I'm
looking forward to this podcast it's
going to be fun I think I'm trying not
to be bummed out today because I hurt
myself and I feel like injuries are just
one of those things where they happen in
the most inconvenient times always I
mean injuries are never coming in or is
getting sick or anything like that but
just frustrating you know so today has
been a little tough for me dealing with
that I'm hoping that in the next few
days they'll start to feel better I have
good range of motion there is just a
little bit of pain in certain spots and
I'm hoping that I wouldn't have to not
go to a doctor and now we can kind of
just figure this thing out ourselves
right body I'm talking to you body talks
to body body ignores me I know Julian
you can follow me podcaster are you
under the blanket like a people think
some kind people and over here this is
Kermit entire loss that he's claimed
this whole beanbag chair for himself a
large human website he's I'm sitting
here boil boil him for that what's he up
to work on it I love them so much I
spent some time with you later boy hey
bud okay another vlog hi when are you
getting so big
you know they're here no baby oh good
boy
