hello there from Baker we're up in the
mountains relaxing we're having a nice
getaway vacation you weekend vacation if
you will a lot of you guys who watch me
now that we love coming Big Bear stuff
this should be no surprise to you but
yeah we kind of like got my license
thing I planned it like lastly you can
recycle let's do it the month of May is
going to be pretty nuts and I pretty
enough absolutely insane and my fault
I overlooked things and it's all
exciting things fed up I felt that we
had this weekend to kind of turn off
before the madness so that's what we're
doing it's just so beautiful up here
it's just like quiet you know like you
you know those places where you go where
it's just quiet the sounds are quiet air
is quiet people are quiet
just likes to kind of listen to nothing
my mom is up here we brought Debbie up
here so the moms are hanging house dogs
are happy we just been with roost and
chill and hard you know that over there
what is that
every nice weekend and are you having a
nice weekend being naughty all over the
place this isn't intertwine shirt
permits not a shirt he ran outside he's
gone
check this out this is our puzzle what
we did right here 550 pieces he loves it
shirt he's the only one that appreciates
it sugar and you're so cold there's a
little draft you know your boy somebody
give this hive its meds
where are your meds we forgot them
here's how you treat your hive y'all get
them a hot pocket put a five-bedroom
squeeze it shut you feed your hive has
immunity I didn't actually chew it you
swallow at all we can actually intercom
that follow your mouth and none for you
shut up all right you have that go for
it
all right I want to know if you've heard
this song before cuz I need to hear it
right now
nobody's just boxes no nobody does just
box not nobody pushes back was not
nobody doesn't dance no no no no no no
no man ariana grande wanna know what
would you actually do it nah not now
have you heard this one before because
if you have it you're incorrect I have a
lot of things that I love doing in Big
Bear editing my favorite
I'm just laying on the floor here it was
just lying there on the floor - what
movie is that from I'll burn after
reading da we hungry you want some what
do you want hashbrowns let's do it I
don't really speak the language of
instructions but I'm going to try here
those hops seal it cook keep frozen do
not overcook well that's pretty obvious
do not overcook tips for frying with oil
always preheat uncovered if oil
splatters cover that's pretty confusing
you're heating it uncovered or are you
covering it carefully add half a bag
whole bag put 5 mm in it towards the
with another bunch of oil turn them over
do not stir do you know what
what happens funny story
nothing really I mean if anything ever
really happened kind of the way the
world goes right you know what I mean I
don't really know how to describe it it
was kind of a long series of events that
happened but I I think at the end of the
day the important thing to remember that
we're blessed all right good as youth
why doesn't anyone use that thing good
as used like everyone buys used cars
what's wrong with good at youth so step
one is done sexuality we're fun it's
like we have about half a guy left
probably work and what mess come on
Haley guys enough to and Julian cooking
tutorial is literally just figure it the
 out because happen eaters aspersion
show and it can't be frozen but it keeps
getting the upper two doctors also
debate the whole center time if you
cover it or not because the packaging
least as pretty well then do that
alright step three you're going to get
kind of war which is waiting so then
you're going to start to sculpt the has
grown over the asleep so the point where
you're like this is definitely delicious
but it's too much salt and then the rest
of the time you just kind of justifying
how much salt you put on it alright and
finally the last that is understand that
you don't have the infrastructure in
your kitchen to cut off the hash brown
evenly golden brown so just understand
that it's gonna look like garbage
soon as you've lost orientation to me
sir all right last step is you serve it
to your girl for when you make sure
there's no where near MattyB it's hi hi
Bonnie
hello Maddy peas out today I'm gonna go
Karla's I love it
go now it's really mushy because that's
what part says do not stir and I sort of
a whole entire
nothing and then drink out of the jet
while you take a peach here for just a
quick walk we're walking down my mom
actually has a couple of cabins up here
and we're staying in one of them so I'm
walking down to the other to see my mom
well you're heading out and probably
just an hour so and I am enjoying the
last few minutes we have up here this
serenity doesn't exist back home cowgirl
semi pants on
it's the girls happy ending
hi ladies how you doing my mom said she
was walking out there and they found
these rocks two days apart right mom
found lonely then I found sadness the
rock once it'll only went to sadness in
that hole filled in all of that crazy we
were actually looking for needles go get
it go go go Fred run be a dog go be a
dog and he jumped up there teaching
refusing to be a dog can I ask you what
you're doing up there and how you got
there how did you get so comfortable
with just talking yeah our camera hello
oh my gosh you do it you do it to to the
extent of doing it like every day until
where you're like desensitized to and
you like just stop caring like if you
were to look at my first couple of
videos to now it's nothing
