PG PG good shake
nice little shake on your behalf I'd
like to give you some credit for that
shake technique eight out of ten
spontaneity ten out of ten cent nine out
of ten smell good today you know Claire
like dead things I am being consumed
alive by my office
oh we're boring her can't really see too
much of that I mean because I've been
cleaning it all day but this is my
quarters and I've known for a long time
that I needed to kind of fix the storage
situation here especially right up there
that needs fixing
but it took locking myself in this
 office for almost an entire week
to like really tipped me over the edge
so I need to do something about it I
have little tiny cardboard boxes I have
like packaged boxes pin boxes Terron
boxes I have way too much camera gear
for the amount of space allotted and for
some reason I have two shoeboxes which I
don't know why those are there I need to
get some containers so I think what I'm
going to do is I'm going to look up to
see if there's a container store
anywhere near us and then I'm going to
go there calm down it gets more exciting
once I get the containers I am going to
come back here and we organize and that
is going to be the entire of law this
morning no last night last night wait
it's the same thing I was up till 6:30
in the morning
editing last-minute trips episode three
and I finally finished the edit barring
a few very small tweaks looks to be done
can't even tell you how how proud I am
of this one and how much I'd love for
you to check it out not something a lot
of things about this episode was just
incredibly special all right well it
looks like I might have to go to
Hollywood for this the relevant until
9:00 p.m. so maybe that trip will wait
till tonight because I need to contain
us I have so many things and so few
containers what the is this what is
this Oh what is that
so I wanted to say can you help me
please long nose it says I'm already a
businessman chart company sent me a
little box with candy in it I don't
think it's vegan but I don't know what
this is I'm very grateful thank you so
much but what is it in other news I
wanted to show you guys something that
happened today I've been waiting for
this new label printer that arrived and
so that was pretty tight I like I looked
laughed really hard I show these agenor
cuz I found the packages on the lawn
this morning and I was like why are they
in the lawn like they're never longer
you're on the doorstep or like right
next to our gate was standing right next
to the door like you can open that chute
and it's and it's unlocked
so like my first response was like
let me check in my printers broken cuz a
label printer printer looks fine be one
thing if she likes threw it over the
middle of game she walked all the way to
the door and then threw it over seems
kind of like a waste of time I don't
know I will fast forward a few hours hi
Kevlar for sex
ok no ok I just came in here I was
playing overwatch with Jason and I came
in here and I called her I fed peach
come here so she came all the way across
the house into the office and sat right
on my chest and like hugged me and
kissed me and just sat like this because
she knew I needed her sometimes you just
you need your little pepper
and when they know that you need them
it's it's the best
now she was like now I need you so pet
me better I did a little bit of
organization I'm actually decently happy
with it you can see I have some
containers up there and I have kind of
all my camera gear separated and
organized
I haven't labeled them yet here and then
I have another one down there that I
even have bigger container I had last
minute trips 3 week today briefly I had
uploaded the video to unlisted which I
never do always upload it to scheduled
so I can edit and upload at night and it
just publishes in the morning
automatically so I always do that or if
I'm just editing during the day I just
make it public right away I never do
unlisted and the only reason I did it
was to send a video to a couple people
so they could check it out early I just
took you know here's off and just give
them
little sneak peek turns out when you
make a video unlisted and also put it as
part of a playlist people can find it so
I got tweets from people saying oh I
love episode 3 and I'm like wait what so
I like go to the video in the video
manager and had 17 views I was like
so I immediately put on private
reuploaded it now without and for you
guys not for me I just really want to
quickly take a moment this project last
minute trips it's kicked my ass and it's
taken up more of me than I have ever
really given to one project before and
there's something about putting your
heart and soul into something like this
where you just you really pour yourself
into something it just makes it special
and I really hope you guys like it and
watch it and enjoy it some of the best
feedback I've ever gotten as a creator
on the internet with the following has
been from last minute trips this project
means a lot to me
like there's no two ways about it kind
of fallen in love with this idea in fact
we're finishing episode 3 now and it
just feels like something big and I want
to say thank you guys for taking the
ride with me this week Pete my
ass dude but it was worth it it was
really really worth it
yes so funny time to go time ago we're
done I got us a truck hell yeah we're
literally driving to the airport for
flight five hours without knowing like
where we're going to stay what we're
going to do yeah we need help
yeah crops and not the ones like
the ones in conferring on one of the
cameras
we don't know where he forgot it this is
I took your bags in to the car and when
I came back so I remember grabbing we're
having it delivered here via TaskRabbit
ready for my sake I just hope this work
