right you know about a deal we're going
to teach you a cool trick you already
sort of know it okay so what we're
trying to do today here on this really
really important day is kind of teach
put your feet up
you have gentes feet up like you're not
completely they're not completely chair
a little bit so now that super hat put
your feet are up and their looks flat we
want her to be able to jump up and perch
on here we saw on somewhere and we want
her to do it it's not me on your brother
come here they're on my feet / - yes
comfortable balancing any we see your
feet you got here see on there there you
go very good honey it's okay in your on
the soft couch you're on the soft couch
sounds good Hey so this is where you're
gonna win this is where I want you to
land look at that baby
you need richmallon good balance good
good update again okay yes I'm gonna
need some chemical help locked in okay
you can do stuff for me so I want you to
give here oh good girl stay stay you
gotta go up good day up up speech up sit
okay you're gonna be up very good good
no biggie
get all times you can stay as I've seen
you stay up there okay I'll give you
tree up good day
stay right here I go pee oh no you got a
deal
you peek that's a good girl okay we're
trying to teach you this trick I know
it's hard but you're going to learn it
you can have a layup there but you stay
oh god yeah alright keep going
she understands the concept
seriously flops her little body on there
no yeah she even have fear when traits
are involved she'll just like go for it
just a little bit concerning but at the
same time my dog is very very talented
because she applies herself with food up
say thank you say you stay yeah however
try to teach her a jump straight from
the couch up to my legs okay they make
him still make your seat belt PG said
okay let's try Oh
oh my god yeah basically house it's just
a matter of like the surface area no do
it
uh-huh she keeps crying while ending
this are the water claws
the vlog that's not flat look up look at
that put your legs up higher if you have
to do there's no service area for me why
is she the easiest dog to train on earth
she's like exhausted he's the girl just
good for her put your feet flat and or
straight I love it she's like not
standing she finds a way to like lay her
body out she learned a new trick oh my
god I'm so proud of her come here good
boy to you just so we can teach you a
mix compare ding dong
you'll have to do for right now beep
you'll have to you were settling for you
come and get your butt over here boy
fifty trick pony of the day is here I
was trying to get ad Wow that was my
inside run off I'm shy get out right now
so I could like hang out with him and
vlog with that a little bit but he's
running on his wheel and he will not get
off that thing right now so I'm gonna
let him run and then maybe I'll play the
more later but I am sitting at my
quarters here and I've been editing
sporadically throughout the day but I
took a quick break to watch The Truman
Show because I al of that of Ian D we
found out as you saw in Seaside Florida
where we just were was where would they
filmed it and it's so cool to like go
somewhere this is second out of the
third last minute trips that we've been
somewhere where something really cool
was filmed we went to Albuquerque which
Breaking Bad is filmed after going there
I was like I doesn't want to rewatch The
Truman Show just to kind of like bring
myself back into
it um I do have something to let you
guys know about looks like this yes yes
this is real and this is happening
you'll also see official announcements
about waffle pins on waffles channels
but we are releasing these pins very
soon date TBD
but very soon like within a week I
highly suggest you staying posted on all
of waffles accounts at waffle and
everything will be announcing the exact
date and time where you can get these
very pumped they came out great I really
like how they looked I forgot those cool
little snapchat today wow I'm so loud
this is uh from my buddy who actually
works
that's not chest but that's not for sale
that's just mine so deal with it here's
how you get out again
woohoo somebody got got somebody got got
hi bud sorry to bother your your daily
run and by daily I mean nightly and by
nightly I mean all fucking night I took
him off the wheel what a globe oh honey
all the daughters tried to follow me in
here look at him how you doing
you having a good run no daddy missed
you that's why he's distracting you his
little face I can't
my little guy huh he peed on wrong I
don't know if I vlogged that but God
happened rome was like dying the whole
time she came over in the moment she
held him just good boy
okay this is now my work break I am
taking a break from editing and I'm
gonna be doing this this is literally
what I need right now
hey you want to laughs cool pen where
you gonna put it he gets poop stuck and
his bedding gets like stuck in his butt
hair he's got like really long tail hair
it's actually kind of adorable like look
can you see that this just hangs down
they'll get yourself a hamster it's the
dopest I'll put you back I'm gonna go
put a dog on the wheel because I know he
wants to run your whole life is the
truman show yeah we look at your cage
you just watch you live and we broadcast
you to the whole internet about your
knowing you're never gonna find out mmm
fuckin love this hands
all right so I think I'm going to give
add a little bit of this kale right here
because he's such a good boy and because
I have kale for some reason in the house
he's such a good boy he's eating it and
peaches not very good but you know I
wish I had this insomuch a comment yes
on the treadmill you kidding me candy
chips those fuckers marbles is not
eating it's either PC or carpet Oh for
watching the dogs on the camera right
now
are you eating chip naughty girl anyway
we were just watching the darksome
fanfare being naughty and they went Ichi
was eating chips they were being naughty
it's no it's the first time that we've
left them alone with the hamster in
there and they weren't being bad about
the answer at all peach was just eating
a magnitude why is she so food driven it
I mean it's our own fault but like we
were so concentrating on making sure
that the hamster is going to be alright
I forgot that there's a bag of chips on
the thing hey peachy peachy girl you got
caught red-handed
that is not your bag of chips I saw you
on the bad girl I got out oh shit oh
hello there darkness my old friend
we're gonna darkness T one bed
okay I'm gonna have darkness tacos I
will Gayatri is so accomplished for
leaving the house today get in trouble
and what I am sometimes I feel like all
it takes is just like getting some Taco
Bell yourself you know going to the
drive to to just like make your night so
great that guy's living he got a taco
burrito
