your boys getting blindfolded right now
ah thank you go I'm throwing it with all
my might here so you might want to watch
out those shit
get behind me I'm okay do you know where
your weight do you know your I got it
going right there I am pretty much here
it comes
hi I'm just calling because we just
booked the room we're coming into
Atlanta tonight at around 11:30 and I
just want to make sure we can check in
that light
we've never been to Atlanta we threw a
dart at a map and that we're going there
tonight right technical trick James Bond
music in 2011 funky music regions okay
just annoying
okay go everyone thank you we threw a
dart anomaly okay thanks
okay he said no worries twice live
rational we threw a dart at a map we
need our map yeah no worries no worries
I gotta go take a shit okay hang on why
is it always like only for you are you
ready opposite of over feeling it is
purely worried looks like as far as
right now we seem to be okay with what
we've booked we should have a place to
sleep in a car to drive them together
but we'll see because it's probably not
fine oh yeah you play to the beat that's
awesome
that's rad dude
so we are going to point Washington
Florida for last-minute trips episode
three we just threw the dart now we are
near the airport and because of the
flight were between red-eye tonight like
a p.m. to like 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m.
in the afternoon we have a couple hours
to spare ah and we're going to eat some
lunch at an undisclosed location
did you record how you dropped your
wallet just on the ground in the parking
Ryder which we're okay yeah milk didn't
record that what's the weather in Point
Washington Florida weather coming up to
Fort Washington Thursday optimation
agree yeah I just forgot it jean jacket
and he's upset about it but it's going
to be 80 degrees and we're going to be
in Florida I'm not sure he needs it no I
definitely don't says the guy who packed
his jean jacket I got new pins on there
this mean we are arriving at the airport
we're going to push the car and we're
looking at the things to do and in Point
Washington now it looks like surrounding
Point Washington there's a lot of really
cool things one of which is an airboat
tour canary it's like a four and a half
hour drive so we rented a car which I
rented in my name Beth yeah but what's
going to happen is not tonight not
tonight because we're going to arrive at
11 p.m. and we're going to sleep at a
hotel airport and then we're going to
drive early in the morning so we'll be
all rested in shit I'd like to be a wild
ride
that's right oh so you guys summers I
mention no no no residue
all right all right
okay when I win oh thank you so much
yeah Colin forgot one of the cameras we
don't know where he forgot it that's do
we think he forgot it in the car but it
might be in my house I'm pretty sure if
there you have got a fool okay it does
shoot fuck it man yeah keep it up Thank
You Man appreciate it yeah wait now we
forgot something at home we're trying to
drown
another one of these
three for the first 30 minute 47 wait
calling for another camera and it's at
our house so we're having it delivered
here via TaskRabbit ready for my shake
I'll get naked
we're sitting at the airport we think we
found a TaskRabbit to bring us the
camera but I just like to take a moment
to establish as long as we're all good
with this this is officially the biggest
fuck-up in last-minute trip history do
you accept that title I don't think you
have a choice it is there are so many
things he could have forgotten that
wouldn't have fucking matter ie his
jacket which he did forget ah
but a camera we might need that as we
here at law school I said honky nyonyotv
yo what's going on sup the donut man
I know he's doing genius
for the baby not Bui drink
good
I next stop
then I threw a dart at a map
yes essentially the drone propellers I
think is wrong capella did I make it yet
is it I wasn't in my life I wanted to
like sign babies and forehead I didn't
know I wanted to mine my boob but this
is way better I would make that
opportunity wrong on my boobs I'm dated
longer I'd say well they never existed
this is a normal color card from the
street
nope were drink
well we have arrived at our hotel here
after an incredibly long dead
there was a thunderstorm as we were
landing so our pilot was just like nope
and then took like a huge detour so our
flight was a little longer than expected
but we're in Atlanta we are in Atlanta
Georgia don't mind me I'm just changing
242 in the morning let's are out there
like 10:30 so like 16 hour travel day
almost 17 so the plan is to get up
bright and early and hit the road and
get our asses to Point Washington 4
which is about 5 hours time of yellow
mapping so 3 hours later we're awake a
good morning from Atlanta Georgia can't
drive dude the rental
I'm 25 come at me
Josh have to go for oh yeah so we made a
quick stop for some caffeine because uh
last minute trip sometimes means don't
fall we had three hours of sleep so
we're just dealing with that we're
trying to get to what we need to go it's
still early and also doesn't help that
it's really like dark even though it's
daytime the clouds are covering
everything also we were denied for the
Airbnb we requested we are now arriving
in point in Washington Florida feels
like it's in forever but we're just
dragging out the car we're going to
think like the exact dot on the map
we're going to point Washington Florida
which is a little bit away from Seaside
which is I think we're going to spend
most of the time like a beach town that
way a couple miles but the clouds are
proving to be just Florida beauty
everybody thanks for coming to Florida
you're like the dink Pied Piper they're
all waiting for us and not that right
there that's it so a lot of the times
when I travel for YouTube things or
events surrounding blog it's special and
I feel like I get to meet a lot of
people but there is something that I
can't quite describe about meeting
people on last-minute trips who have
been following the trip and who have
showed up at our destination literally
our destination where the dart landed
right through that sign just because you
know they wanted to show up and support
us it feels like we have proud parents
who are younger than us everywhere and
you guys are so fuckin rad for
supporting us and me and this I'm a
little lost for words right now we hit
Point Washington and now we're going to
go have some fun at Seaside but god I'm
overwhelmed I'm definitely overwhelmed
you're gonna follow me yeah
you better fucking be careful calling
hey dealer are you in The Truman Show is
that you so yeah we just found out
earlier today that The Truman Show was
filmed the movie The Truman Show was
filmed here in Seaside for those who
might not know the Truman Show is what I
don't want to spoil it how do i how do I
describe the Truman Show without
spoiling it to give it two thumbs up for
those there although the Truman Show
so we are at the Atlanta Airport we have
finished everything for the trip which
are almost to a trade today with crate I
would finish to finish out the vlog of
what I had that I wanted to get on here
I'm just kind of let you know how the
day went
we woke up at 11:00 we were in defatted
central plan which is different than our
lineage Eastern map but this is
something we didn't remember we figured
if we leave by noon get to Atlanta by
five the five-hour drive we would have
two hours to make our seven o'clock play
forgot about the time difference so it
turns out our five hour drive would get
us here which means we had an hour to
return the car check our bag and gear up
play so I drove five hours straight
letting your on the car one made it to
the airport there was come on their
traffic ran all the way through the
airport to get to our game and our price
delayed two hours so now we're sitting
here getting some vlogs arm I can't
really believe how today was such a last
manner of ending to this trip to Florida
I also wanted to say that this whole
entire week I'm going to be putting a
lot of time and energy into editing the
episode three about the trip most of my
creative energy will be going towards
that but the C blog are a little bit
less exciting forgive them
a Waco fire this can be done
