today I'm investing a whole bunch of my
time and to go into a doctor news
remember like week and a half two weeks
ago when I was telling you about I woke
up with a bunch of pain I didn't know
what it was well I'm still trying to
figure out why it was so I've been to
multiple doctors appointments today's
doctors women is a scam I'm getting a CT
scan and a CT scan is basically just
another way of saying a cat scan a cat
scan is a computerized axial tomography
you know one of those basically they're
gonna look at my insides with taking a
picture with a big machine I've actually
recently had a couple of scans like this
on my shoulders but this time they're
gonna be giving me die I think you need
to drink it because it's going into my
stomach and you take a picture of my
left abdomen there's a couple different
kind of situations that they're looking
for to see if is wrong with me hopefully
this is one of the last steps in
figuring out what the fuck's going on
but regardless I was allowed to eat or
drink coffee or anything except for
water leading up to this appointment so
I am fully fasted
cooing happily bar dr. Castro is like a
little pasty always so that waiting room
was kind of a bummer so I requested to
fill out my paperwork outside that died
that I just drank and then I have to
keep drinking for the next hour is
pretty brutal but I will say it's I
would prefer drinking it than having a
giant ass needle stuck in my arm or
something so I have to take the next
dose of they call it gastro at 1:10
and then the final dose when I get
called in to see the technician the
shitty thing is is like it wouldn't be
this bad normally but like my stomach is
completely empty so I just taste and
feel every little bit of it medications
know where's the option for nom medical
history metal in the body yeah like
right now
well I'm full of dye and ready to go
home and eat food now I had to drink the
dye and also have it injected inside of
me because I think having it in my
stomach and GI tract is different than
having it in my bloodstream so they
needed to see it in both but when they
injected the dye into my arm
that shit felt so fucking weird it felt
like my whole body just got warm and it
kind of felt like I was peeing I got
home and he was just miserable crying
cuz he's nervous about things and he's
Kermit about things so I picked him up
in any time he's like upset and I picked
him up he immediately relaxes I don't
know what it is so for the last like an
hour and a half how are you supposed to
open the door
with the drink in your hand that's so
far from last hour and a half he's been
in this sling just happy as can be
I've been working on a couple things
editing wise but now I'm getting ready
to record Sirius XM show so we are gonna
be going to rei tonight to meet up with
Colin and get some winter clothing and
gear because we are a couple of
California boys who don't have much
experience living in the freezing cold
and it just so happens that that whole
j.lo thing that we did yeah we're going
to Minneapolis for that it's a super
sound internet concert the Saturday
before the Superbowl and we are gonna be
out in freezing ass cold weather so we
need to get some stuff so we're gonna go
meet up with Colin and get some cold
weather gear excuse me I mean this you
mean this no did you mean the need to
watch the whole whole AB
just kidding so do I've been wearing it
all good and you didn't even know this
parking lot sucks all right
waffles gonna be here soon so I want to
pretend to be a mannequin and scarib how
do I need you
I should plant the camera whatever hee
ha damn it he's here I was gonna try to
be a mannequin and scare you ha you know
it okay so what are you welcome
I need like thermals me to like
understand what you do you know how to
do braids me no can you teach him how to
do it all where I have to learn a skill
- yeah braid my hair is it hard
sometimes I wake up and I wonder when
will my TV work work work you want layer
up see what I usually do is you do like
thermal maybe a sweater button-up over
cut and then under the thermal is there
like a t-shirt and then you take the
smallest thermal you have and you put
that over everything then you put your
end around outside a pants jacket
sweater shirt thermal give it to you and
you hand it to college just so we have
some out-of-focus shots you make sure
that I have it alright so I'm testing if
I can use these to film
testing testing you know I really want
there's some of these I want like proper
overall snow pants there's like a secret
hole weight at the front I this so hard
you guys each might need to hold a leg
and I'll just jump in really hard
halfway there
just a regular guy I put my snow
overalls in one leg at a time okay you
like it
how's that my shoes on oh oh
I kinda have to buy these downs I'm just
destroying feels like it's jumping how
party of god it's starting up man
wedding in those gifts scissors I'm
coming it's all about no see you got
some men's now these are both
extra-large boys not comfortable doesn't
look good doesn't feel good I'll take
all right well this has been this has
been illuminating can I'm very hot
you're such a ducted
very cool it's got little walnuts yeah
those are heavy duty
like a human plug ready to just sending
me ready for insertion
anyway this smells like whoever's head
was in here before my
