trendy yeah ad is not me and you
trending down your first video all right
so as you can see add a new little pad
ad pad we call it ad pad
yeah so this is actually really big this
is probably three times the size of an
initial cage yeah we got acrylic we
didn't want to be glass because we're
going to move it we didn't want to break
anyway last night had escaped and was
sitting on top of the cage he found his
way through the wires and was just
literally sitting on top Jenna found him
luckily and immediately we were like oh
 a lot of the comments on the vlog
were actually very helpful because we
didn't really understand we were doing
when we got add yesterday or whatever
we've got him a bigger cage we have a
lot of amenities coming in the mail via
Amazon Prime yeah he's got he's got a
bigger wheel on his back we got a wooden
wheel peach jumped up and tried to
donkey kick the cage like a
psychopath I don't they they were so
cool with him all day with her dirt load
they're low and close to him so nothing
mom's just been eyeing him well honestly
it's getting Rommel entertained this
book but I mean I like it Jenna was
saying it's like a TV show or like
looking into his little set he ran on
that wheel all night Jenna was
awake all night she hadn't slept all
 night that thing Randy would you
like five minutes Prince and then he
would get off eat his food take a sip of
water get back but like it wasn't just
like running on the hansbrough heath
Phobos sprinting for hours this is new
to me I've never ever seen something
like that so as a few of you probably
know we were nominated a while ago for
ensemble of the year for the Shorty
Awards and this right here is it we won
thank you to everyone who voted for us
for real thank you guys because we
really didn't even ask you yet
and you didn't say anything really and
you guys were late and you made this
happen with jamming it up so hard it's
cool to have our baby the podcast be
recognized like this because that's the
kind of maintained marbles whooping
clapping Julian give him some privacy
the podcast has been our main project
together for over two years now
and it's incredibly validating you need
it's us we wanted I think how they added
color to it so we have two new babies we
have add and then we have this all right
well today is fine but I have gone to
the gym cleaned down some laundry and I
just finished cutting together a quick
little teaser please don't mind my
entire house that all that stuff
wood storage that we kept underneath the
stairs peel bar stuff something I
haven't really sorted yet so that's out
because the underneath the stairs is no
longer storage house with a bit of a
mess right now I'm getting a drone
dropped off for the trip this weekend in
just a few hours we're also getting a
few other things dropped off for mr.
hashtag ad I've been wearing these
noise-canceling your buds for like an
hour
and I forgot to press play on the song I
was listening to so I've just been
wearing them for an hour without
realizing that they've I've just been
hearing myself breathe basically in
noise canceling clarity all right so
that guard will upgrade oh yes and the
thing around Jenna's neck right here
this thing it's like a little pouch to
play anymore that's a circle that goes
around your neck it's not for you we got
nice stick too so you'll get to tuck in
there we got a bunch of play stuff and
then this right here is one of this we
got a doctor because there's something
called tin show with fans where you put
it in here and they go to the bathroom
in it it's a for Syrian hamsters careful
don't worry guys I looked up
specifically looking for Syrian hamsters
I know they can be like allergic to dust
and different stuff but I read this one
is the best for series
a little more expensive and hard to find
this is a new sub K star control - thank
you
yeah we're not there yet well pimp it
out a little more don't worry out like I
was little I don't think that there was
any sort of like aged monoxide like
people just had hamsters you know and
like now they're they're treated so much
better for them you know
yeah it's an amazing place for that kind
of thing you know that's why I was like
really surprised really all you need to
be occasional before my I had no idea he
does deserve that when he deserves and
he deserves all those things to keep
hearing he's a busy guy
oh he likes it on oh so happy yeah he's
gonna have a blast there's a lot of
stuff in there today now I know I'm
really excited for his meal it's a
really good one
easy there bud are you guys excited
about the show marble is sitting here
all day watching him like sleep through
yeah it's at a fish tank to him look
really enjoyed watching her go rapper so
keep on your babies to me know are you
can replace probably pretty overwhelmed
by how exciting yeah periodically we
should get him new things but also just
rearranging the furniture excites them
hey currently aren't allowed to be
excited but I don't like the barking or
any sort of aggression oh marble no
you're the one that's starting it for
him he's our pet baby I know it's really
hard to understand you guys wanna see
hamster cam 2k 17 yeah
because he likes it you will not turn
Allah I love him so much by the time I
love the sound of the dogs crying mixed
with me hold him and it's also just a
hard hit like it's a hard concept for a
dog to understand the rodent in mouth
yeah I can't kill we love you so much
baby guy you like animal bulges we
called him he's happy he's definitely
like in a good mood enough all right
what is it called it's called the
critter cuddler I found it on Amazon do
you want into the theurgy yes sir haul
it open for me Gollum boy rip fun he
likes it
I know but as he gets older and he's a
little more tame you can have them and
they're just hang out with you
oh it's a funny feeling and move around
hey yeah hey it promotes bonding oh look
at you get back your advertisement I'm
not sure that it was really good
everything for Teddy's camera yeah you
give a lot of Internet friends you don't
even know that God is so good-looking
why is he such a handsome hamster he's
getting strong and feels little muscles
all right well now you know what the
board is going to be for a nice long
time
you don't like hamsters you can get out
escribe
