hi good morning so today is a bit of a
time-lapse mission slap myself out we we
came out to ten laps together she it was
actually her idea she wanted she saw the
clouds and she was like I can't stop
crying these clouds are so beautiful
let's go time left fence all right I
mean if you really want to we can so
that's what we're doing right now we
have one set up and I'm about to set
this one up I know baby I know the
clouds make me emotional to a very
special cloud it looks like it'll
probably rain tonight I haven't checked
the weather but um there's been a very
low sheet of clouds and now there's this
sort of stratiform dark stormy layer
above the whole sky right now which is
very very cool when can we go home to be
fair the last time she was in the car
she got put under anesthesia and had
teeth taken out of her head so I think
she's not super pumped about the car but
we're actually a best buy right now this
is like the roof of the Best Buy and I'm
not just like mooching on their roof
even though sometimes I actually do that
I'm going to pick something up in the
store sweet mother bought me a GoPro for
my birthday I want to pick it up home I
know I know
alright I think I'm gonna pack these up
later that way huh
we got a couple good shots right now I'm
going to go grab this GoPro peach stop
walking in front of me I'm excited that
my mom got me the GoPro I like it's
obviously so sweet but it's it's it's
actually one of the things I'm really
lacking in terms of gear I use I have a
GoPro Hero 3 which is three years old
so three year old camera I believe it's
a Hero 3 it's a silver one I got it
before we even moved to the valley and
so it's going to be nice to have an
action camera with some better looking
video quality I like that ya do that
here yes today oh yeah I know that I
wasn't lying
armen ha related later that's Richard he
works at Best Buy America min Haley
trafficker brush and is so echoey in
here
you read a bedtime story again she's
being very funny right now anyway I've
just gotten home from training and I
have kind of underling amount of things
to do two legs but I'm just heading
peach because that's the most fun I'm
trying to just post me some coffee right
now I've actually been on sort of a
green tea kick so most of the work that
I'm doing today revolves around this
weekend which is our third installment
of last minute trips if you don't know
if that's the series we make on the
other channel where we throw a dart at a
map go on a trip and document the entire
process we've been doing once a month
and that's kind of the schedule we have
and it's happening on Saturday we're
throwing a dart on Saturday we
livestream the dart so if you're
interested in any of this check out
youtube.com slash law school that's
where everything lives that's where the
next episode is going to be that's where
the extras will be that's a relaxing
from we have merged it's kind of like a
whole thing so that's that's kind of
going to be some of the stuff I'm doing
right now I also have been working on
designing new pins which I'm so excited
about next month spin not only is it
going to be a new design but we're also
releasing a separate pin why does my
hair do this why is this so disobedient
it's just there's always one hair that
wants to flop over whatever next month
we're doing my new 10 as well as a law
school thing how are we doing this I
don't know
so we got an answer
look at all the fun stuff that you were
comfortable just started like grooming
himself oh yeah
as you're awfully cute I think you
figured out that when he's up there you
can't just let go woo is the nightmare
but we just learned to put that store
and came back with add hashtag add is
this full name kind he's a hamster he's
a good-looking guy got him the collar
was set up if you want to know any more
about add just check out Jenna's video
she ran a little video on it I really
like you he's a good guy and for some
reason this this animal thinks it's
about him he barked a tad he got on the
table and bark well he was ok for like
10 minutes and then he like really just
let it out anything was like an ugly
part brightness face
oh he likes his barley tree that's so
cute
well we're good at I feel like a little
kid today I think it's important to let
me got a little pet like that we have
the dog so I don't need to like pet him
I don't need him to love me but I really
love him yeah I want him to be happy
Kermit honey I'll give you a hug and
with one unit is Christ get ready for
two years straight of hashtag ad
