tonight is the birthday celebration for
myself and I am already we have a nice
day today we are now going to a bar
where we reserved an area to celebrate
me thank you for making happy birthday
dr. Bradley we're here at the bar we're
going to start having people come here
now and I don't know how much I'll be
able to film but I want to try my best
described as a bar so I'm just gonna
enjoy it but this is the Sherman shout
out to the Sherman this is a really cool
thing
nobody's here yet abrupt so yeah I'm
going on we're going to people are going
to start filtering
holy shit got really drunk last night
so it was a blast that party so many
people came and it was so much love and
it was it was honestly like a really
cool space that we rented out a little
more informant space so we wanted to
initially go to a bar called etcetera
and we reached out many different ways
we nailed we called Lee actually even
showed up at the bar and they kind of
just kicked us around they like didn't
get back to us one of the managers was
just being incredibly unhelpful so we
were like you know what like let's give
let's give this other place to try so we
called the Sherman which is where we
ended up going and they were so helpful
they just wanted to make our party grain
help us out and be easy and it was just
like oh my god who's great shouts out to
the shrimp if you guys are in LA area
it's an amazing spot not an ad but I do
see some of you starting to call my
vlogs ABS no not even called vlogs
anymore you know they're very drunk and
I actually don't remember bits and
pieces of last night which is not good
and I'm not proud of that but it was all
great Jenna took good care of me and her
tonight so now I'm just hung the fuck
over hanging with pace and it's Easter
so happy Easter Bunny we ordered some
pizza we're gonna be having some pizzas
with me a lazy Sunday oh my god
the leftovers season three begins
tonight can you believe it
laughter mr. Clark there's a bird on our
skyline you've been making so much noise
yeah it sounded like someone banging on
the door
sounding Olivia sounds like Simon was
banging on the door the only person
that's supposed to be on this light is
Jesus so get away bird you gone here we
got but they do that like on the chimney
and like on this window and it sounds
look look look walking into the house
yes kind of a startling sound chariot
shadow it sounds like you checking for
something that is fun what the fuck
cheers my backyard cause you try and get
that soft stuff out to make his net if
you just up there fucking making a net
with our shit you jelly I kind of
asshole you dude we're watching you
subscribe to our YouTube channel
and there's over yeah and then he's like
you just fuck around our roof dude I
mean I can get away everyone and I can
put the drummer's caramel or no not
bothering me I just got really figured
out it yeah but it became later like
sound like they're in the house yeah
like it's scary you heard that sound so
when we're downstairs it sounds like
someone in our bedroom banging on our
bedroom door on the other side Oh what
should we name them Lacan the babadook
extra need a Baba do you can't be doing
that all night Bob would you keep it up
you're going to get the drug treatment I
kind of went over there just to see him
I'll follow them he's just about a dude
removing anything says Sunday we're like
peas on account he bebe
