school CFE okay it's gonna be okay
peaches coming I remember they're the
getters about three she's been here
since 7:30 and she had a lot more teeth
taken out than we thought
so um she's gonna be old drought events
and tired but I'm just happy to have her
back honestly because of any questions
or anything you feel your interns out
don't hesitate to call thank you so much
for some great day let's go home all
right baby girl
are you saving all she seems okay better
than the boys
timekeeper meme uncle
not much at all the new about human
nature the party
gherkin
six self-defense peach is normally the
one we have to worry about like kind of
being too rough with one of the others
when they're home from the rest of it
another peach is the one who's
incapacitated there's not gonna have to
keep an eye on her she doesn't do too
much yeah she might get excited yeah I
don't think she can walk well she feels
sloppy yeah okay good Myrtle body commit
in awhile huh
thank you this is a surprisingly quick
recovery you've made you had like one
little nap and you're as if you didn't
even go I mean she's a little bit slow
how she was ever really drunk sig tenors
have told me the story of her first time
to come in under anesthesia as soon as
it were off he just popped awake and is
getting fixed and they put him under and
him and marbles were together because I
got marble six a little later and they
put him in his little crate and they
were like yeah I like turned my back
around and turned back and he just had
popped up and was just wagging his tail
ready to go like come out play really
we've never seen a dog wake up from
anesthesia like that smelly nervous he's
so nervous he's like oh I'm like awake
awake Oh God got me I've been filming a
video and I got a kiss
at the end of the video and I got a
little makeup done so this is my new
look welcome to my channel now we filmed
a video for Jenna where I bought her
makeup that it was like a tag like
boyfriend eyes my makeup so we went to
Sephora earlier and I picked out
everything I think she needed for her
makeup good girl
and then we filmed hiji here has been so
surprisingly good today like I expected
her to be a lot more woozy I expected
her to be maybe crying or kind of down
her energy has been good she the only
thing that I can still you know tell
that she's in Tibet today is her scent
she smells like the best hardcore I'm so
happy that she's doing well because I
was like I was I was at home just kind
of waiting after I drop her off and my
initial word from the doctor was she was
going to have two teeth extracted and
they were two tiny teeth in front turns
out there was ate a lot of it was just
discovered upon x-rays and seeing her
once she was unconscious I didn't like
getting that phone call I mean who likes
getting that call that your dog is going
to have four times the amount of teeth
pull than you initially thought but she
did great she's been a champ today and
I'm just like honestly so happy about
having her back come back
alright right now we were going to get
into this just amend links and I'll see
you guys and
I'm in the turn lane it might not need
the blinker especially the noise I am
about to go into two consecutive
meetings so I'm going from like zero
meetings and like weeks to tuner up and
it's good I'm meeting with DJI and then
I'm meeting with Colin and a third party
as well it just so happens that the
meeting location is going to be the same
spot so I'm going to just be spending
like 2 and 1/2 hours at the same lunch
table which is sick I workout this
morning and then I exited the gym to
look up in the sky and find all of these
just fantastic clouds off to lunch right
now one thing I wanted to know really
quick because next week we're going to
be prepping for a last-minute trip
episode 3 we haven't formally announced
it yet but it's happening and that's
going to take up most of our week next
week so there's going to be 10 restock
this Sunday which I believe in Eastern
Henry Sox on angel share Valentine's Day
popsicle and st. Patty's popsicle
they're going to be small batches but if
you missed it the first time Sunday at
12 p.m. I'm on intermission right now I
just finished me number one and now
there's like a little time before I got
me number two that car is seriously
 like how did that even happen to
a car now my way to meet with Colin
Colin orchestrated a nice little prank
on Twitter where he asked everyone to go
tweet at me asking how Zelda is because
he just painfully jealous that I have an
antenna switch in that he sucks and
doesn't I was scrolling through all
these tweets like where the did it
come from
who told everyone asked me how Zelda is
and then I realized oh it's definitely
caller maybe you just go tweet at him
Zelda's great I bet you wish you were
point view are you envious of my
pettiness because because I think you
should be yeah I love your outfit it's
like perfect for being 15 minutes late
it just sends 15 minutes late
a showers bro okay now it's fine then
