what's happening today lady huh what is
it well what I know I know I know you're
hungry
peach hasn't eaten for 11 hours in 39
minutes yeah you're on a fast she really
wants to break her fast again but I'm
not letting her we're getting her blood
John today because tomorrow she goes
under for her dental she's getting her
teeth cleaned and a few extractions
which I am NOT looking forward to and I
know she isn't but that means today is
going to be a fun dog day for her we're
going to take her to get her blood drawn
taken then I think we're going to stop
the pet store to get you some treats
yeah
peaches all dramatic when she has a need
for a no faster no fun she's never had
her teeth cleaned by pizzette and she's
never had any extractions so this is all
new let's just get it done okay
like she can't even eat your normal food
right here since then here some flaws
but it will get you fed so okay we're
not going to let you ruin too fat
nice try though okay okay Journal
peaches inside right now waiting to get
her a little prick little blood work
they do the blood work before the
operation if you even want to call it
that but before the dental because it
basically just like testing you see if
she'd be okay with anesthesia because
she's going under tomorrow which it
stocks now it's like these days always
are shitty I and I do I do
do my best to brush her teeth the thing
about these pure breads especially
Italian Greyhounds and their teeth are
just so bad and Peach is almost three
and so she's having to extraction
he's like front two little piece so
she's gonna have a little gap there and
she's gonna be a up tomorrow but
I think we're just waiting for the
technician to show okay technician with
eating lunch
which I wouldn't mind doing myself look
at that transition come on
from treatment to the park please
we two here very lost without her
brothers she's not crying she's doing
really well mom she's been to this
healthy pot a million times but she I
don't think has really ever gone without
either the boys but she's very cautious
she was walking around like she has her
eyes on the back of her head no she
doesn't have her pack with her but she's
being very good she's socializing I'm
just going to give her a bunch of like
goodies they're kind of just want a
spoiler today so I got her this some non
rawhide chew sticks got you some poop
bags that's really for me though
Oh
oh I just data the the not crying out in
the world when she's alone is a big
improvement she's fairly just you know a
little cautious and nervous but but not
crying is definitely a big step because
you know previously she would just kind
of cry unless she was all tuckered out
but right now she's got energy and she's
keeping it together so I'm proud of her
she's almost three I think that's so
insane to think about
all right matey bro do you want first
huh a lot of land here I put a greenie
so you like that take that in the event
we can sit for a second also driver what
you eat it all right I forgot I need to
pick up a supplement and I don't think
he is allowed in the supplement store so
I'll let you guys watch speech okay can
you watch her I wish you did UVA okay
there's two helicopters just right above
our house right now you are a fool
hey guys this is the fire that their
overhead right now that's great George
facility I'm currently cooking myself
some dinner I didn't feel that well
today so I didn't really eat all day so
now I'm actually really hungry and I've
wanted to try making a different type of
plant based solution so I am currently
doing tempura one I'm tempura Inge is
tofu I got a tofu press which has been
actually really helpful and I'm going to
put the tofu in the sushi roll so I'm
taking dried out tofu sliced up and put
in a pretty basic tempura batter then I
am frying that for about 10 to 15
minutes until like golden brown let me
take my sushi rice and put it on the
nori mother prepare the sushi and then I
have just mayo vegan mayonnaise mixed
with chili oil and sesame seed as well
as galleons as my spicy mayo then I have
avocado so I'm going to put those all
together roll it up cut it up and make
myself some sushi I don't know if it can
be good we'll see but I'm currently
listening to a new podcast that I really
like I actually talked about on the
twitch stream pretty dope called head
shot and it's basically just like having
professional psychologist talk to you
about gaming and other things too so
very very interesting and I would have
done it's cooked any see if there's any
good I am sitting down and seriously
enjoying this food like wow how do I do
the thing it's time for more Zelda
getting really really indigo that i
streamed it for like almost three hours
last night bye
