so we spoke to Vegas you just got here
we're a hotel it is our friend Shan
dudes birthday today Chris took shin
here for her birthday and we are here in
Las Vegas to surprise the fuck out of
her right now
happy birthday said we got it from the
minibar this bar will cut to the chase
so fast well you're going up to the room
to surprise him right now I've been
coordinating with Chris all day throw up
in their friends room and we're going to
that room he's telling her that it's
someone else showing up and it's just
going to be us Chuck's choosing no clue
that we're in Vegas right now like at
all
oh my alive
I have Jenna's purse I forgot to pack a
purse so luckily as I had this shoe in
like well how convenient I'm a classy
lady what can I say I'm sure
the David Weekley I was like a head
realization Angelina Jolie I don't know
why I do it I was like and then I hold
it hold it was like I knew it I knew
they were coming and then like it happen
and then that way I guess Ernest I don't
know it's like in my 3ds don't your base
that's really America's uses although
some guy Barry Weiss static George do
you have a general trunk oh my god
they're so comfortable
like I guess they're not coming yeah
that's why I was like it was not not
happening and that it fucking happened
yeah it's not happening that exactly
feel like you're never going to go to
their room and like but they don't think
how much people to be like yeah we're
going to this Brandon Brandon think it's
a good luck there's no life so like no
one's like it would be your manager saw
or something coming like knocking on the
door don't you cry I told you where the
fuck invited you thought they're like oh
no he's entrapment like he's not in the
bathroom
what the fuck and I was like standing
here look you want to smell it
okay okay all right you want to want to
do the honors what are the hot anyone
want to do a hobbit if you pop a chance
where you remain yeah yeah yeah I think
I did okay first someone boomerang it
also some expansion I think I know the
clips because I want to you know I need
to start that she'll never I've already
decided
make sure much someone's live streaming
from YouTube comments which okay go
perfectly here's a new game it will
break the champagne yeah alright good
right tell what you want to see you're
alive all the way yeah you're like oh
are you in Vegas I was like sitting in
my head like you like that like fucking
feeling you know I'm in Vegas like you
could shut the fuck up um you guys got
another bonus Jenna and Jillian fucking
bar
right yeah hooray yeah what oh it's
absolutely out on the what's on your
head good little pin new pin dropping
today
yes every day anyway hey when it's now
Saturday morning morning it's 3 3 3 p.m.
we had a really late night last night at
the casino might be applicable hundred
bucks I'm gonna lose it tonight but yeah
so we're up and about and we're all
going to go top golf you please lie your
head again Lonnegan so we stopped at the
mall to get a couple things do a little
shopping I got some coffee it's weird to
have beer before coffee but you know
what whatever at least we had coffee so
now we're going to make our way the old
part of Vegas which is like kind of the
traditional signage and the light and
I'm excited to see that ha ha ha this
bashang get behind us
my god cameras win
how much is this 161 pounds I'm gonna
guess don't over do the work and no
matter more probably go so completely I
will get up right now okay
if you would come before that's it
that's about it
and we're looking at how much akan my
guess is like headlocks give or take it
either but I'm feeling it excluded
aliens I just I know if it's over a
billion that skin is stolen every a cold
spot rate at 1255 16 and pick your house
1.2 to 5 million I almost got to use it
on so I would like to be better where so
this this is down how they if it's like
the very old school party Megan a lot of
the old signage advice and everything
like that so it's very cool very fun we
actually just went into the Golden
Nugget saw the Golden Nugget and then
after we solid gold nugget we found five
dollar real fortune clocks which are
like our favorite spots because even
though they're more expensive
we've had them all successful them and I
sit down on my second row I get the spin
button average $500 fucking enough so I
cash out neatly and then we have a
little more gambling and now we're done
gambling for right now but I think we're
going to have sort of a like an
intermission
tonight for we take a nap I think we
need a nap I think we might all need a
nap at this point and I'm hungry now too
oh well are you I was in here just
enjoying my 5-hour energy my oil
business and then Julian came in here
and made me an idiot
my mistake on your head oh I don't know
I almost choked to died though I wasn't
ready to become and a nice sandwich her
forever
I'm proposing getting married proposal
Ohio all right looks like top coffee is
not happening even though that's like
the initial plan we had today it's about
midnight topping off closes at 2:00 if I
won't make it but we're still going to
go downstairs and drink and do a little
gambling figure I might as well just
like civilly sign off before it gets on
simple we fly out tomorrow this trip has
been fantastic and exactly what we had
hope I think I got to go to Vegas and
now I'm going to leave you with my
friend all right so normally when the
vlog is over it's over but we just went
downstairs gamble today and Makayla won
$5,000 no pure imagination machine I've
been playing that in my snapchat I
expose the golden ticket don't story
time on the board access to Christmas
used to recently went 404 and she's like
I won 5,000 okay so say so
