good morning I am all dressed up and
ready for the day and all I want to do
is not have a day and play with this
that came yesterday and I barely have
gotten to play with it yet I started
Zelda last night it was like 1:30 in the
morning I'm so exhausted I can barely
play go sleep and I have stuff to get
done today so I can't really play much
today maybe tonight I am doing something
cool today I'm going over to Best Buy to
work with Best Buy and Star Wars on the
release of their rogue one steelbook I'm
doing it on snapchat and Instagram and
Twitter so you guys have you follow me
there you'll see it but that is where
I'm headed soon is so beautiful out
today but yeah I'm going to go shoot
some stuff in the store and I guess I'll
just I'll see you later or something
don't go anywhere
I miss you Prince I'm not Best Buy and
I'm just sitting here filming some
snapchat and this is the career for so I
got this real book and I'm actually
going to probably shoot some sort of a
time-lapse sequence with the kill book
oh yeah I'm just sitting into that side
how are you getting good that was a
rhetorical question you're worse than me
because there's nothing better than
putting in a desktop justify title of
that page I'm leaving made a whole
snapchat sorry was actually really fun I
messed around with snapchat features
hello there what are you hanging on the
dog rift a so far wait what are you
doing to me I mean I'm happy there was
something up on me haven't any time this
week she wouldnt let me play a switch
she kept calling at my hands off she
told on you and I'm playing elders from
oh yes please yes I chose boy orgy
peanut butter gonna just crawl over you
it's genuinely like it's cool in here
like it shut the door or you even leave
it nothing but it just feels like you're
in this lake private room
can you helping me you should face the
other way and put the switch on the memo
board so you can play it yeah okay
alright I generally go it's not so funny
when they went there you need to go fish
I want to hear the sound of you walking
on the tech here a little nail this is
such a magical realm you can hear the
little male bumming wood something is
wrong with my phone and I need to fix it
my phone dies four times a day
that's not even exaggeration I charge it
at like 2:00 p.m. because it's at like
under 10% then I charge it again I like
5:30 p.m. and then since I stay up late
I charge it probably again around 10:00
or 11:00 just to make it Tibet and
honestly I've just been kind of dealing
with it for a while because I'm like oh
fuck it you know I'll bring up external
battery and you know make it through the
day whatever but then I talked to Brett
this weekend and he's like yo my battery
like blasts all day long and I'd leave
in charge of last night so I'm like okay
time to go to the App Store
that's a really really fun sound
so I'm hanging out wait my appointment
here at Davos are and I'm trying out the
iPhone 7 plus there's something called
depth effect which is basically like
stimulating the depth of field of a fat
blend but it's not actually that it's
like artificial and I've kept full about
it before even like playing with it and
now that I play with it is that like I'm
glad I don't I'm glad I didn't buy that
song for that reason I think it's it's
just so fake and you can tell not even
clean look at the edges aren't even good
I guess is better than having a phone
that guy's 40 times a day I'm leaning
now a little bit frustrated turns out
he diagnosed my problems with software
issue so they restore my phone after
with oh my god is so loud after it's
just got louder to say fuck you God can
I get away from this music after the
whole process is done and everything was
white I had a backup at home he tells me
that using the backup that I made at
home of all my info might make the
problem worse again so not sure if I
just wasted an hour but kind of feels
like I might have either way I just want
to get out of here I hate this place
when it's crowded not a good time so I
have this ring in Austin Texas and it's
it's too big for the finger that I want
it to be on so I read that if you put
some superglue on the inside I think
that my work a little awry remember a
couple
is that showing me right now
what the actual fuck sit
sorry I remember a couple days ago I
went to the vegan Street Fair and I had
that vegan hot dog while going back to
that place for another one right now for
me and Jenna because I really just want
her to rock on stuff did I just walk
about this yep I walked all the way past
it
so this is going to be delicious and I
am all the sudden really excited from
getting some type of gene because we
need that heat so you don't have groom
free bond for they have corns or to you
so we'll see how that it sounds pretty
weird so now we're sitting in the car
waiting for our dogs this place is dope
I walked in and like hey I need some hot
dogs some of which on the corn tortillas
and he was like alright you want me to
bring them to the car he's like Nicola
we're getting like Wanda's done dole
water into trouble financially car
that's all when I'm eating ha does it
once where I'm really excited
we're alright the federal yeah there's a
place out of the tree called the federal
we're in North Hollywood now the federal
has a good amount of vegan food than one
of which is being either Jenna thinks
they outsource from this place that is
right down the block yeah do they leave
in the comments below
that's Asif we're gonna have a hot dog
in the car date they're gonna have a hot
dog in the car okay I'm gonna have some
ketchup and mustard oh man haha oh you
are in catching a bus right there we got
in the car cup of mayo why if you don't
hey oh hey oh I like why is there no
some mayo song there should be a Mayo
song want me to make you one please
mayonnaise is all - condiment in the
world is is what is they can clean
ami isolytic I think I put an hour and
45 minutes on the meter covered in here
for a long time okay
the challenge is either hot dog game
enough card for assignment eat a hot dog
in under two hours challenge
no I tag everyone under two hours you
have to make it laughs stretch your
eating process of a hot dog to two hours
so gross
can you imagine eating with someone and
they're taking two hours to eat one hot
dog unless you're a baby like what why
first of all talk to a person second of
all fuck that person you hay bale even
before you're vegan and now after you're
being you don't like via mail you don't
like anyway i like it i'm being BLP I
think because you'd actually get
arrested if you didn't have I like a BLT
as part of liked it but I don't ever
like grew up eating sandwiches with mayo
on it our graffiti Mustang I grew up
eating mayo sandwiches I ever eat as a
condiment white bread and mayo like
bread you know have you ever seen
Undercover Brother 2010 oh I've never
seen a movie oh my god there's actually
fucking others arms with ham on it it's
just like ham Oh Han de Mayo it's an
Wonder Bread oh how do you have seen
that movie speaking of movies right now
you guys can get arrested tbh I have no
idea how to feel about the hot dog on a
corn tortilla gate what I'm gonna be
giving them well see hey Syd medium Wow
the bun is labeled Rosie so yeah are you
very friend yeah that's awesome this is
dawn no no one talked about Jessica near
my son again
what Oh baby he is vicious dog corn
tortilla hot dog is the vegan hot Dogo
I don't know 11 yeah let me try mine
I took a light which means I can only
take one bite everything yo good day I
feel like I met a ball game and as the
bike goes on and I started to get notes
of the corn tortilla I've suddenly gone
south of the border for a rodeo that's
when the jalapeno kicks in and I really
feel like I'm now in Mexico and then I
remember I'm sitting in North Hollywood
I'm gonna climb in a car eating a corn
tortilla hot dogs that's not a corn dog
mm-hmm I got space how many kids do you
think he ate before that picture ah it's
this picture of a lawyer on the back of
a bus and it just he looks like a vegan
kids what would you call that ha ha um
me a dog
no I would call it um a doc Oh taco taco
taco run subscribe please faster god I'm
subscribing fast enough Mercer a show
called comedians eating tacos in a Honda
Civic Jaco and they're eating corn
tortillas titles that would do well
right
no really act amateur comedian eating
tacos in their Honda Civic outside of an
open mic night in the day Monday by the
airport this is so good like I don't
feel like I'm being robbed about a dog
experience because there's some sort of
car mm-hmm
now let's just started a new show where
we go around Los Angeles and try jockbox
we have two spots mystery diners
drive-ins and ahhs oohs we're going to
hit one of two places over and over
again do you want a bite of this let's
everybody this one means this is a show
about us eating tacos in a car don't
miss it weird
oh very fun I want to call this taco on
a diet not really cuz I had three and I
meant like taco diet if you only ate doc
mrs. ackard I Oh straight up just veggie
dogs and corn tortillas nothing else not
even water you're thirsty blend it up
you know
oh god do you think you could live like
do you think there's enough water
contests in there for you to stay alive
I'm already so lucky
why didn't you get a stream for about BM
after forcing you uh-huh I need to keep
the dog owes no more mustard on peach
and wrapper and a corn tortilla why did
you just do your whole jalapeno by
yourself I didn't think it was a that I
just to fight back jalapeno for me
containers hollers get all right let's
see you next week for tacos something
super top secret happening this weekend
more later
