all right we are in Adventure Time I'm
with bread
we're going down to Los Angeles
International Airport and I got to be 9
and we're gonna do some plane spotting
little photo vision right now and it's
nice and actually a book some little
overcomers so we're gonna look at plane
taking off and landing at LAX lots of I
did this which is the first time I went
to Burbank which is the much smaller
Airport so a lot less traffic in here
you don't see as many questions and also
I didn't have this done I mean we it's
like pitch black I think you can
sometimes seem very middle night there's
no like music darken spark right now
it's all you can see me which is what
it's a very very fast flight line which
is what I use for place box so we're
going to take it out for a little test
run you can get oh yeah oh yeah
only that fog ignite it's nice
you
so we found a couple spots so far over
here at LAX it is tough and we're going
to look into it more for like future
time to play right now it's like hard to
get close to where they're landing and
taking off just because the perimeter is
is so far out from when they hit the
runway so basically at Burbank like
they're so close to in the land that
they would hit that pole but here
they're about 100 feet in the air when
they're going over a head so it's cool
it's just it's different and the planes
are way bigger so now we're packing up
and we are going to thank you head
around to the west side of the airport
which is Dockweiler beach which is where
they take off so we just watch them lay
in a bunch and now we're going to go
kind of see the other side
dude I like feel high it's a rush
yeah I'm telling you it's like a crazy
feeling in the world I'm crazy valid
that one was such that one was easily
lowered yeah did you get that oh yeah
yeah I got I got you freaking out of
your little finger that's plain funny
not one was plain pop you can't explain
the feeling you get it's like per second
every time you're scared yeah even
though you know exactly what's happening
like the feeling of like being chased
almost it's like a really weird leg I
don't know if you know that's actually
that's very accurate like a moment of
sort of panic and you're like there's no
reasoning it just always hit that one
moment when it gets knocked out and go
yeah you can't leave well that's it for
tonight we're well I say this is a
pretty solid first night a yeah right um
we're going to do some homework so
hopefully next time we can just go up
there and get put in prison
so today's mission is getting dog
furniture and furnishings we are at a
dog shop pet pet shop pet supply store
primarily for dogs looking around for
furniture and a couple other accessories
that we're looking for this is for a
video Jim is making later this week and
so we're in search of a couple things
that I feel like are pretty tough to
find sound one thing every time to rub
pig bread like this I'll take it oh my
god that's totally doable and some
cushion oh yeah it's tough because we
can order a lot of the stuff we're
looking for online it's just going to
take a lot longer so we're trying to go
around town today see what we can put
together to get these supplies because
the video is going to be really great
but we need we need a lot of kind of
weird things to make it happen Michael
Klaus okay
Spain oh my god they dog turned on
pollen
Giada chewy the tongue
bargain
stop to lunch at this Mexican place that
we like to come vegan food here singer
in quesadilla right I want what she's
having
never seen meeting I'd like them
alright the cars loaded up with shit
taking it home now we got a whole bunch
of dog shit for humans for dogs we're
done we G are you ready for this I don't
think you are
we wanted a total over you gone rabbit
just for that I'm taking peach to the
vet today nothing's wrong with her she
just hasn't had her teeth cleaned so
we're going in for an exam I keep like a
dental exam for her peach has real
aversion to that like a lot of dogs and
animals we've recently switched vets and
the interesting to see how she feels
with a new vet and we have this new
place that we really like the doctors
are great and people are great much
happier we love it so I don't think
she'll be as anxious shivering but she
probably won't like it so they're going
to try to take some blood but you were
supposed to be fasted sounds fasting her
because she was going to have blood
taken today for just like a normal
checkup and while I was gone training
this morning somebody snuck out of the
bedroom and may have gotten into some of
our dinner last night which was sitting
out on the living room the thing is
whoever got into it through most of it
up I don't know I don't even know like
I'm going to tell you that exactly what
happened like I don't know if them
throwing up they from fasted still
anyways
oh yeah sir I follow her like a
calligrapher girl come on
we should check out there right she
microchip yeah like a session with you
monitor scanner love rocky
neediest and like it right in Robocop
here time today good good
he knew by right here but she way 69
which is really good I think up a common
Western Alaska
yes is a lot she and Tina Cooper the
rubber up to where time it should wait
45 huh
can you gonna do here at that size a
point like that sure that any flat
could you make it oh yeah yeah so you
just hold the button down hold it on
researcher - okay I'm gonna scam Ichi
hey what's the price what is this let's
get it up we're gonna fix it okay - oh
thank you
right here oh yeah you sewed it so we
thought we'd invite you from this door
we're gonna beat that's so funny
sighs I think I know it now he was
concerned about your bum but it was just
your robot part no BOTS what what was
that all done okay so he should did
great he fucked up her fast so we have
to come in again for blood work just
recursively we think she fucked and I
don't want to stick her with a needle
twice just to you know I also don't want
to do the test choice if you think that
she meant it means exactly it's a way
through our birth time so we're going to
come back and do a blood work again but
other than that she did really great and
we saw a bunch of adorable little
puppies and dogs I were born the peel
box right now lost coke steel box
whoa obstacle meeting in session because
we told you guys if you send prepaid
return postage to our waffle peel box we
will send you back free stickers so we
are going to go fulfill those sticker
envelopes if Colin ever finishes writing
this email kill you
yeah why do you want to ticket so he has
the wrong address because this isn't for
us good enough I don't know who those
people are so we just fulfilled a bunch
of envelopes yes and what's bigger than
there's a lot more than we expected from
your Anna Anna sticker so I'm going to
go home and we're going to finish them
there but holy shit these guys showed up
power grab your lunch and then this
whole thing is to God and we're
dissolving the company the is it after
all good run is that through the jar on
