hey there I am off to the hair salon
today
waterproof what the GoPro yes
pink and blue here pink and blue this is
my hair now and actually we are going to
work on it more
I think next week I think we're going to
work the blue in a little more because
the blue is kind of just saw on the tip
see his point but my new hair color I'm
excited I didn't believe in either the
color we've wanted to do for a while and
he finally did it
so it's pink and blue and I like it I
think this is this is pretty rad here
I'm headed home now this is a solid
coloring session and and can blue Julian
I gave his name for this what is the
name for this you name to this
I'm hungry now something about sitting
in a chair it's very hard for me and not
doing anything my least favorite part
about ever going to my haircut Collard
sitting there okay I'm gonna go eat
nothing can you miss me I miss you Wow
well pretty girl
okay I gotta focus
nothing was in my hand so tonight I am
making some compound hopefully it is
recipe 2 and just like all of a sudden
craves and it's a long recipe Oh rice is
done the recipe is in short it's a long
recipe but it's really worth it Chinese
is like so my favorite food and so
having me identify of Kung Lao is
something I need today this weekend
though it's been so nice and relaxing
today we walk the dogs kind of on a
different route than we used to we went
by the pet store grabbed him some tree
and not just and really nice we do it a
lot of gaming and cleaning the house and
doing laundry just kind of all the
boring shit I've been neglecting logic
for so long so I'm finally doing it
today last night after I got home I got
into some Laphroaig scotch and decided
to stream and it was like really really
fun played a little rocket League I
tried out drop shots a new game mode and
it's fun and honestly just like kicking
it and drinking with the dinging fan was
really fun so if you guys are there
thanks for showing up I'm probably gonna
do it again tonight
so be there retroactively we go to
Saturday and be there please
all right it's done again not an easy
recipe but very worth it
God it is a perfect day outside like
like perfect 75 inside nice anyway I am
off to grab some food I think we're
going to Whole Foods and get some some
breakfast and I want to snapchat the
entire thing because sometimes when I go
to the grocery store let's just lemon up
shop so if you care to see grocery store
escapades and among other things
including dirty morning dog pictures
like these
maybe I mean on snapchat did want to say
something real quick so my turn to speak
now excuse me my name is pre-caching
Julian I have new pins coming up to go
along with my new hair and because I
know you guys have been really digging
the popsicle and I love the popsicle
we're revamping the popsicle pin to
match my hairstyle the pink and blue
popsicle this is what it looks like
these colors have been very carefully
picked out like I said a long time ago I
wanted to do these colors of a popsicle
and then I figured it might be cool to
match my hair to it since that's the
only reason the popsicle ever became a
pen sort of just like paying homage to
the original popsicle did they come out
on Saturday we are dropping them at noon
that's Pacific Standard Time and if you
guys are trying to get one of these pins
and you're I would say within like the
hour of when they drop you should be
able to get one we're having a very
large stock for this pin I know the
original popsicle pin is very much like
the original popsicle pin it's hair I
had some good whiskey last night two
nights in a row whiskey and streaming
really enjoyed that for those who like
our on the vlog right now and have never
ever watched a stream this is kind of
what it looks like
can we listen to stuck on you in the
background see now we're talking talking
now that's an idea
this is now an idea stream yeah boy and
the thing about these late-night streams
that I've been doing where I drink and
play music and hanging out there like a
different type of stream than our normal
Monday night stream and the thing about
the weekend streams is you can't watch
them back when they're done because
generally every time I add any music it
gets blocked on copyright immediately
when I try to archive it on YouTube on
Twitch you can tree can tree watch it so
those streams are the ones that really
just you need to catch live if you want
to see like look at this game and I'm
going to go enjoy this
you
