why am I like this why am I like this
I'm unpackage watch and it's like
nighttime I haven't been sitting around
doing nothing all day but I have been
expecting my package to be here a lot a
lot sooner then it is a few packages
coming today I have my Nintendo switch
which I ordered like a week in Africa
and I have a lens as you guys know seven
many times I use the sony a7s to vlog
this is my baby I use it for everything
and I have a number of Sony lenses I
finally caved got myself an adapter to
use Canon lenses so the first thing I
did is I got my selfie adapter and then
I got a Sigma lens which is for Canon
mount that I really really have been
wanting for quite some time the thing
about this lens though in order for it
to actually have the effect but I want
it needs to be here oh yeah complaining
on the vlog worked it worked very fast
so if you know anything about cameras
these specs are world wild the wide lens
normally is not so fast which is why
this lens it's going to be about let's
see this focal length but instead of
looking like this it's going to look
this is the new one so you can tell oh
yeah so back to the original so back to
my original and 1635 F for this is my
normal blogging lens and this is what
I'm probably still going to vlog a lot
with the other lens this one this lens
is something I'm going to be using for a
lot of stuff probably not so much
vlogging but it is fun to like see how
this looks it looks pretty well right
I can't say right now but misena yeah I
want to show you with this physical land
of the workplace and it's kind of wild
looking yeah yeah so there you go that's
a comparison very fucking excited yeah
the lazy huh
you know your new lands here you're like
is it edible so this is the lands are
here we can adapt on the bottom I got
the Sigma MC 11 adapter and this is when
so check this out it's got a curved top
because of how wide and fast it is so
pokes out which means I think the lens
hood doesn't come off at all so this
turns a Sony mount into a cannon mount I
am very excited also just looked it up
and realized my switch instead of
delivering today which is the delivery
date they said April 4th
ok so there was to show me the moon
that's very cool
drunk driver impaired driver not really
sure but right now this change continues
le camion it's crazy as a drunk driver
car chase right now
and Stu Mundel in the air letting us
know all the details do Mandela's like
one of the freedoms ABC or something
he's the guy who runs the chopper but
he's in charge of the broadcast from the
air and he is fantastic he is the best
play by play and he's always on the
scene oh shit I don't know if you live
in the LA area but you've probably seen
him Stu got jokes and nearly another car
chases no tech anyone I caught the first
guys just got doing 134 miles an hour
this is fucking wild helicopter overhead
you've got the light on it not gonna run
that guy for short my coffee 110
cosmogony strongly saw a light on in
that vehicle Khan got away women there
overpass and now there's another pursuit
I think you got into another car it was
about the westbound 135 wasn't happening
westbound 101 freeways I come on oh my
god driving erratically with that big
spotlight on it up ice was coming right
by us
this guy's on his way to pass pretty
we're all in the valley this guy's on
his way to pass like right back yeah
we're northbound 405 passing more tops
this car run away from where the last
minutes we think this is funny for us
eastbound when it came cops right there
ACK looks like you speak in the same
roundabout through the 30s there's a
family out here that's where she's going
gosh holy ghost Oh pity dude Greg oh
shit he's stopping this is the first
time we've seen that move don't it maybe
he's just trying to get a little bit of
speed or get some difference between him
and the other cars for real what's wrong
with people
the connecting he's getting on the
freeway again
why am i brush my teeth in a vlog that
would be a big question the answer is I
have to make a mold for a mouthpiece
this mouthpiece is used to guard my
teeth during jiu-jitsu and I have one
I've noticed before
the reason I'm making a new one is
because when I got my wisdom teeth out
it doesn't really sit right anymore so I
needed to get a new mold made so that my
new mouthpiece can fit my mouth and
actually stay in step-by-step
instructions okay take half the material
from each of the two containers and mix
the material quickly until you get a
uniform color we need to mix the two
colors using our fingertips only right
take half the material from each use I
was always supposed to take half fuck I
already broke the instructions and I
think the reason you take out is in case
you fuck up which probably I'm going to
fuck up this is going into my mouth
right and I think I have to hold it in
for eight minutes
I feel really up so I did it except I
really really fucked up because remember
had you're only supposed to take half of
each material this is rock hard now I
can't can't use it because I already
mixed the two why am I like this
that's motif y'all I like can't read
instructions
