oh hello there
look blood fine that's probably
terrified I have to open a bunch of
Oxford's right now and discard the
cardboard throw in the trash because
today's trash day and go through some of
the shit that I need to open that are in
boxes when you have a 800 word I say I
think you're trying to fill up later
today we have a hanging and coming to
work on some stuff in the house and the
window is 12 to 4 so it is 12 and I mean
for the next 4 hours we just kind of
have to wait we're so excited to see you
celebrate your millions subscriber with
a glass of will Freud we thought we'd
send you a few more then it did such a
great job discarding the tasting the
notes I've left like that we have
customized the bottle in her honor this
is really really cool to have a company
that makes such delicious scotch send us
and although Jenna's quote made it onto
the bottle I can guarantee you still
want the rest of the bottle to go to me
this is rad Wow
2 balls over for 10 years
oh you know a lot of people think you're
dead right you're not dad although you
look incredibly handsome right now
and you guys can't feel it but he is hot
that he's been standing in the Sun right
here they've been standing in the Sun
can I have yeah how do people think
you're dead
he's my right is now 134 1330 and still
no sign of our handy mints
Oh Jenna I got a mouse pad yeah to take
this pin Oh mine's a hashtag pin and I
took off the sharp part so there's no
actual pin because I have an extra one
of these so it's flat there's no Tim I
want to go and press it in
I want to trigger into thinking I should
have myself do you remember when I first
started it and I'm gay pins people were
like you should kinda get us watch it in
your arm yeah kind of want to getting
good hurt yes what's wrong with you
I don't I kind of sparked here hey oh my
god I like why why why would you do that
shut up yeah there'd be funny though yes
you should not why would you do that
please I'm gonna try all right no really
quick just like do at the bottom of it
so it's been a while since i briefed you
sorry I love smoking even go in here
with this one Clemson sorry baby LOV
come on wouldn't just been like a little
prick anyway I wouldn't have been that
bad I was you're genuinely concerned I'm
sorry baby I love you sorry I feel bad
because you were just like concerned
about me pretty sure they're sent for
you I don't think anyone said me those
boots
what and put in there yours enjoyable
stop making a bargain Kirk you're third
hey no scratching by the way guys I know
you're probably wondering on this sure
is I think we're testing designs for a
podcast mark so I think this is a
potential t-shirt that the podcast will
sell anyway Jenna just told me that she
had a dream where I have sent dream
website so forever ago when I started
calling karma to silver unicorns because
I had a dream that he was a silver
unicorn last night I had a dream that
comment with the human man really look
like just a guy the night Michael
he's like a white middle-aged male with
a very like delicate looking face but
like the same eye expression has been
gone and a thank you yes but with a
little older and his hair wasn't as
brunette is his it was like this it's
like sort of sandy blonde but like
closer to whatever color yeah almost is
the kind of hair color that just blends
into your skin so he was just like a
really tasty like average man
like his eyes were sort of like you know
always sort of half shut like this like
he looked really tired but like also
bored with his voice like he didn't have
a voice I just saw his face he that's so
fucking creepy tall and skinny but I was
like talking to him like he was Kermit
but he was a human man and he's just in
the house yeah we have like a sketch
artist should we should we get a sketch
artist we should get a sketch artist in
my brain with it can you write down
those thoughts because I would love to
call a sketch artist and then Mike
literally get the human version of
current on a picture what the answer to
like the universe go away okay right so
I have been seeing you guys since around
November on and off because of an injury
I had in a car accident and yeah this is
me yeah okay that would be perfect yeah
all right cheers thank you still dealing
with that shit okay um I wanted to
mention really quickly anytime I open
anything from the pl box on the vlog on
social media a lot of you ask me why
don't you open my stuff online why won't
you open it on video or whatever the
really short answer is we get a lot of
stuff at the peel box and a while ago I
stopped making PA box videos on purpose
because no matter how many packages or
letters I open and read there was always
somebody disappointed that I open theirs
so what we've done now is everything
that comes in we organized it we put the
letters in in one area and then we go
through the boxes and we put those and
we do our best to reach out and say
thanks and people who sent the stuff but
you have to understand that sometimes we
just can't get everyone we are receiving
everything and we are organizing it and
storing it in our home and in storage
units so thank you if you've sent stuff
I appreciate it but but just to answer
your questions the reason we don't make
those videos anymore the reason I don't
make those again anymore is because it
was always you can't win you know like
someone's always going to feel left out
with that said the bottle of whiskey and
a couple other goodies today did come
from the deal box thank you all of you
guys who have sent stuff so now it is
2:30 no sign of the repair guy this is
repairman watch to k17 tonight colin is
going to be coming over we are live
streaming on logical we are releasing
the last-minute trip tease for episode
two this is what they look like and if
you want to buy one I will link them in
the description below they're going to
be up for like three weeks we left them
up for a long time because we know it's
pretty soon after the first trip T's
came out we don't want to like to be
like by an hour don't get them and for
the rest of the day I'm just be waiting
for some guy so oh my god just stop it
someone said that nervous Italian great
on the collar to us oh my god oh my god
stop oh my god I can't believe this
sentence this is so funny
he's the nervous dog I use a meme Kermit
what's so funny
currently the nervous dog that is
incredible
alright 340 fish and the Geek Squad has
arrived you look like a peach god Pete
oh it is my little daughter
I was just robbed have any money I only
have love are you robbing me down at all
here take it
okay you got my phone okay bye you don't
want your answer oh that actually
one-stop turd
nice I figured out how to call work how
did you - Robert give him teach stop so
for now on just call my receptionist
PJ either is that is
you
