hey no barking so today I got word that
there is the vegan Street Fair happening
in North Hollywood so I just works out
and we're podcast familiar but I got
some time now
I kind of want to go check this thing
out okay
oh yeah if you look up big boy this is
insane there's so many people here Jason
lives in this part of town so I'm trying
to find him
if he could he would come out me be like
you can't even walk this is good and
there are some lines that are like a
whole entire block long Rebecca God you
want a bag
all right
so before I came here I saw on Instagram
that there was a graduation
oh you are oh my god he's just already
 scared you said bright aren't
kind of like oh that breaks yeah dude
you fired
absolutely
you're getting the POV right now of what
it's like navigating the crowd but I got
some pies and I'm going to try to get
some other foods and I'm probably just
going to take it home because I don't
like I don't even know what eat here so
many people you can tell what's good by
how ridiculously long line is there's a
lot of really online as we chose
the line for vicious dog a vegan hot
dogs can actually write on Lankershim
which is right by here
I didn't know they had vegan on taco
Jason wanted a hot dog and he's going to
get one but he didn't know I was going
to take because he wants the real work
it's like I show up and then all the
times overcast sky rolls over the whole
fair it was like sunny and happy all day
super sunny all day yeah I took a walk
earlier like that around and it was like
beautiful yes here no reason crazy like
I was sweating when I I had take a bite
of this so it turns out hot dogs didn't
everyone's real on Thursday the vegan
hot dogs by itself I'm so really good
but considering I'm so hungry I'm gonna
need to find something else where I go I
can stand in one more line and then I'm
going to have had it with the line
because my capacity
I thought meeting that gordita literally
I've never eaten one of even my wife's
but delicious so happy I came here I
think I'm gonna get some more to bring
home for Jenna she's gonna be jealous
she's got potatoes cheese yeah they're
hot sauce said I'm very hot and I've
accurate it's true very hot then sorry
we found the carpool lane so that's it
for the vegan cheaper it's been about an
hour but it is so like there's so many
people and booth it's a little
overwhelming but we set ourselves and I
got this burger to go
there's no to go anything if all just
like eat it right now I had to like find
this bag so I got to go for Jenna to be
on burger and I guess the vegan stripper
was like a pretty good success thank
speaking Shrieker I'll see you in 365
days so uh back home now we finished
recording the podcast just a few minutes
ago now I brought home Jenna the burger
but I couldn't eat it at the fair
because it had the bun on it so I made
myself would be on murder when I got
home because we have some but today has
been a nice day jam-packed with food and
more food and a little bit of food on
top with a food and it doesn't
feel lame but it's already 6:00 p.m. and
I might be getting on overwatch with
Jason later now if you'll excuse me I
have some business to attend to
excited to see me huh yeah we did have
faith though I can't even work
hi when I come home and he misses me
which is like a lot right he like sits
next to me and demands love and
attention right away because he needed
oh thank you
why does he miss me so much yeah what
Marvel doesn't miss me as much and he
loves me yeah Marvis only remembers Who
I am no mother bleep knows energy home
no he waits until it's like late at
night and the eggies are sleeping and
then he makes his move on yeah true but
when mommy's looking Julian isn't here
they usually surrounded me one on either
side and just both demanding to get
loved bubble you can come see a good
Marvel good morrow o TG let him come
oh my gosh he's fine rubble can you boo
boo oh here's a guy you know guys can I
kind of like some time with my okay fine
uh-huh
can I have you oh it's already picked
yeah fair enough fair enough they just
don't even care about you about how
small you are they just run all over you
mmm any chicken you can chicken chicken
and each animal anyway we were watching
our podcast today which I mean I was
excited to see the response and it looks
like there's a very interesting response
so it's about the what is it oh no it's
okay no no you don't have to worry about
come here yes here you go okay anyway I
just got home from like two and a half
hours of training jiu-jitsu and I was
fine it was great and then I was putting
on my socks to leave and I like hurt my
forum two hours are working out
strenuous and I put on my sock and
something hurt why am I the way that I
am look what they do to him there's just
like harass him with kisses and oh and
it's back use man love them as a man to
the love me I'm your man your man do
feel alone a hundred percent myself you
sitting on my arm we're good boy you're
good boy you're good nasty boy next one
all right
you
