bringing your kids you ever used to play
a rock dodge with your dad oh man I am
so close to finishing this and I am
actually heading over right now to
Colin's place he hasn't seen the Edit
yet so I'm gonna go show them to edit
we're going to tweak things we're going
to make it final because tomorrow we
release it I think we're leasing it at
noon so I'm a little behind where I was
last time in editing this but it's okay
a lot of them going on put you on here
it's interesting because of the
different tone of this episode and when
one of the things about kind of
documenting or documentary style yes I
don't even know if you'd call it that
just like vlog documentary something
where you're it's all nonfiction you get
what the experience is and obviously you
can choose what to shoot and how to
shoot it but this trip it just it was a
very interesting experience it was a
great experience and it was a weird
experience and it was great and it was
awesome heading over to cons now
fugitive
but wow I'm not filming right no my -
Tom okay can see what quickly pointed
the subject and it's not in focus if you
bind then you yeah well where's that one
summer but we just had some test batches
to see if the color would look good she
doing that's like Lakers colors breeders
colors sorry my popsicle pen is colors a
colors yeah if I want to go out of
business
I'll sell a his collar pin Wow
yeah oh then we'll go out of business
discontinued the obstacle officially how
these are we threaten to just disband
the company more times than I'd ever
thought I would do that I think most
successful companies do though yeah like
you know Steve Jobs was like I'm not
sure it will turn this bus around
you missed the camera I like missed the
campervan like I was driving here has
it's really han ik but this I did until
I took a shower and then I realized oh
yeah that's what it's like to have a
home hey did you get that got chat from
Hong Kong
very funny dude
actually no I don't know national puppy
day yeah little he loves the Vulcan guy
remembers a sad man
forgotten when huh uh Collins father
Scott herb second cut rather and I think
we're getting close to having a final
draft I hope you get an A plot there's a
piece in the beginning where we're
trying to figure out a nice little beat
for and actually columns good friend
came through big for us he actually
wrote our new last night trips original
theme song man's a Oh Alex and we
actually use his song on the bass shoes
video shoot that we did crushes he he
killed up not peaches anyway so we're
just putting some final touches on the
piece and work noon tomorrow 12:00 p.m.
sweet we doubt also what about this sure
they can hear you there's a mic on the
camera all okay I'll spell it that way
they can't know how to then I try out
one of the s ok chips well sure you are
T V um okay go away that it is about
this adventure except now going
somewhere completely right
Oh getting here for what every on top of
the jitter Center report yesterday I
covered my entire face and glue and then
right stones how is your week I hope it
was as good as my faces and if not at
least it's the weekend
you said look Amina I'm not silencing
him he silencing me dad
I'm aware that this basically this whole
vlog kind of just been me sitting in
front of the computer talking about
putting together something that amount
of vlog I do know that it is important
to get time outside so instead of
getting time outside I am just going to
leave you with some of the beautiful
visuals of the outside that I had this
weekend namely the drone footage from
Utah so that's what i'ma leave you guys
with for the rest of the vlog I hope you
enjoy it
sit back relax and do whatever the
you want but I'm gonna play this for the
rest of the blog smashes restricted mode
watch it it's not available on
restricted mode so if you want to
ideally you talk offensive because it
can't everything that I tell them is
offensive I don't send it I also wanted
to put this drone footage on the vlog
because I know there's a lot of you who
don't really care for any other projects
and that's fine so I wanted to bring
some of the coolness here so you didn't
have to go find it the video for those
interested comes out tomorrow at noon
I'm very excited and have a good weekend
and for now enjoy
Oh
