hello I have emerged from my case it is
Wednesday you should have already seen
the vlog pop-up in your subscription box
but there isn't one yet so I'm starting
it right now I wanted to just kind of
give you like a little check-in vlog
about what's happening with me both with
last-minute trip since we can end with
three logs a week I feel like I haven't
been super on the map about what's going
on so I just wanted to check in with you
guys I spent a whole number of hours
yesterday editing lots of the trips the
the main project this week is putting
together last-minute trips episode 2 for
those who don't know Colin I threw a
dart at a map and traveled to Milford
Utah over the weekend good you got you
sick in a camper van and it was a really
great trip really really happy with how
it went it was exciting all sorts of
emotions but overall very positive well
on that note I did actually want to
quickly say that I was looking through
the live stream yesterday first and
footage to use in a final video and in
the luncheon I didn't realize how many
comments were a little bit peeved at the
fact that we aimed the dark and we
specifically limited the judge London
trip to the west coast ish area sort of
like 10 15 hour driving range from where
we live and I just wanted to say it may
seem like it's cutting corners or it's
not kind of with the theme of the show
to do that but we didn't have a budget
for a big trip and we only had a few
days we couldn't afford to buy flights
like we did on the first trip because
we've been self funding all of our
projects so and we explained all this on
the stream but for some reason a lot of
people missed that and we're still
frustrated
nonetheless I'm still just as excited to
release this episode and and give you
guys kind of
this experience that we have which I
really think was amazing moving forward
towards April last-minute trip we will
have a budget I'm actually going to shut
my eyes and throw the dart I'm really
going to just throw a dart and then
we're going to go I just wanted to say
that because I don't want you guys to
think that we're doing the show for any
reason but having a true spontaneous
last-minute travel anyway last night was
taken up with starting to put the
episode together it will be out Friday
today since it's Wednesday we are going
to go all run a couple errands for
Jenna's video supplies I'm not going to
tell you exactly what it is because this
vlog goes up soon and her videos going
to come up after it there's my closet
today and behind me has appeared this
animal independent and this animal is
really what Janine peek I'm doing the
terminus go to that yesterday and that
was no fun because he had kicked blood
test for his Cushing's disease but he's
been a champ through all of this it's
not formally doing well he's losing
about you a couple moments of today for
the vlog and then also clip in a couple
moments of this weekend because I have
some footage left over hello Gare lumpy
love you look like a little bubble talk
shipping with any boys over there and
something is emerging
something's emerging you said we're
going where are we going
I just a normal amount of wrong with you
your angle hurts for no reason
happen so like 50 years ago we are a
hammered drunk and like hammered at our
at our old place and we had bit of the
bars and we got I think we went out then
I don't know we were just drunk yeah we
came home and Jenna thought like this
would be such a incredible and
cerebral idea to do a head stand on a
chair my body weighed it down and so the
chair was over that way and her feet
went all the way out there and win her
first yeah enjoy marble for a head
family clip so then I was upside down in
like super drunk and annoying it was
happening and my feet slammed into the
ground barefoot so he planted throughout
big toe first both of them and I broke
both of it she never went to a doctor
and we pretty much think that she
fractured both toes and so if the pain
in the chose would come back because
we've been walking the dogs a lot and so
she favors those toes by walking a
certain way and then her ankle would
start hurting and so now it's like she's
just got this vicious cycle of feet feet
I'll detail boat I'll float out what's
the word forefoot futile you're gonna go
get it right then let's go hey thank you
where's your baby wanna match
maybe we start to
it starts again sorry I know you like
this song I played this song for Jenna
the other day cause I yeah like record
yeah why was the side whistle so I have
a question will it make you like the
song less if you learn that it was in
Breaking Bad yeah okay I don't like it I
knew it
Jenna do we've been getting really tired
lately I mean both of us was eating
vegan sometimes you your loan a lot of
vitamins and so we've been really tired
lately and so yesterday we went out and
kind of supply ourselves with all the
vitamins we're going to need things like
they're working today
I have prescribed a vitamin D so strong
you only take it once a week true she
did she didn't like you need her daily
dose of vitamin D my doctor like it so
many days of sunshine I was like I don't
go outside yeah and what's outside
traffic our doctor do I look like the
kind of person this person
we're actually matching like what are we
doing right now I don't think it's going
to work out that we have to break up all
right
whatever you think she's doing for her
video you were probably right we've
awoken to being surrounded by some of
the absolutely beautiful massive
incredible rock so we're entering Zion
random Zion National Park they pulled up
the camper at the campsite last night
now we are up early we are headed into
the National Park some of this landscape
looks like straight up on the hood the
only reason I know that we're still on
Earth is because there's trees you're
not on the moon is there's trees
