turn right at English maple tree and
turn left at the West British I'd drive
this thing hasn't stopped beeping and we
called a guy and because this lever to
the chairs awkward I do like swivel or
give it a shot
yeah when you did that it stopped yeah
we're almost out of it and for some
reason it's taken us an hour we got this
we'll do it I gotta say though this
thing drives like a few yes Oh an
elephant do you broke a mouse it's a
really nice-looking day on those like
sunny and foggy I think this is like
Eagle Rock that's an eagle tree of
bonito right oh man we didn't we forgot
to get coffee
we're van the road for hours like we're
not even out of southern california it
some of us don't really know how to
caffeinate properly so they have to just
do it later
oh sorry I know this is my mic just no
no no I won that I'm sorry about
mainline caffeine no parking fire lane
this yeah this is a fire truck where
it's okay yeah one of the questions I
forgot to ask Jodie was where where's
the sirens all right so he says it's at
the barn the end of the street we leave
for last-minute trips episode two
bro and right now we are on our way to
pick up our whip we're going to get the
RV our home away from home away from
home we stumbled upon this guy was a
website called camper van guy calm we
reached out because you know we were
trying to resin RV and we told them why
we want to rent it
show them the episode one and he was
like all about it so we're going to meet
him for the RV right now hooking this up
and not going to charge in the ton for
all the miles were going to drive which
is nice but this RV is the real deal and
I'll just do two the real deal he is the
videos on the website they're very
hilarious
oh yeah hell yeah camper vans
right they're really changing her yeah
that was a feeling short are you doing
weeping Scalia what are you doing he's
changing we just arrived to look at this
van and this guy could walk out at any
second and call them just changes takes
off his pants
loser not at all Irene here pop another
one by your expression that you weren't
lying or not
oh yeah hey good are you doing it Julian
I'm Joey nice to meet you on holiday
treat it so man this is soft right so
all right a little so this is this is
the van here it's 2015
Winnebago trovato's built on a dodge
Promaster awning is automatic whining
yeah awnings automatic on all right so
we are on our way to Milford Utah for
last-minute trip
homes at the wheel we are in the store
thumb giant red RV and right now I'm
taking a really awesome cheap 39 laps of
the awful throw off just like melt down
the window and it is a shot of getting
it
we are thousand hours away from our
destination we're going to pass through
Vegas so we're going to stop it they get
four I mean for Vegas we got to go into
a casino right or if I get a job in a
casino and maybe a shot of the RV on the
trip because I don't mean win a card
what if we win the car you have to drive
it I think the saying that would come
into play right now is let's cross that
bridge when we get there well into car I
didn't think of that
I'm not prepared for winning one of you
is going to have to come out and drive
the second one I'll snap you guys crazy
close it if we win all right so we're in
Vegas or almost Vegas waffles meeting
the mothership right now and we're
probably like 50 70 miles out of Vegas
I'm driving you call me captain captain
waffle anyway I'm on buckle because I'm
going to use the bathroom I'm gonna pee
in the bathroom while we're driving
okay so this is the bathroom halls up
there and I'll show is that favorite so
the post on there we can take number
ones we can TT but we can't do anything
else not football
so I'm going to go over to leave you the
stink would let go
if you're like an airplane okay how do I
flush it oh yeah yeah I did all right
that was crazy
I went peepee on the road run oh no I
did
all right and now I'm suddenly on the
streets of Las Vegas Oh helicopter Thank
You spike right the middle of our trip
never going through that corner of
Nevada to get to Utah and we wanted to
get a shot of erv on the strip so waffle
just dropped me off so I could go in the
corner and kind of wait to get a cool
shot of him coming up the strip he's
calling me I think it is I don't like
hold on yeah okay that means I can't
good
so we found the spot that we want to
shoot New York New York right there
MGM right here and he's going to drive
right across here for like the Vegas
shot I think it'll be really cool
because the RV sticks out like a sore
thumb anywhere we go
especially in Vegas
you
holy I gotta find my way back to
their car because in Vegas there's not a
lot of places where you can just pull
over so I chased them down the either I
know I am but he's going to be coming
back this week he's turning around
this is fun here he is oh my god
do I look as good as I feel right now
answer a voyage now all right so we just
we went into the casino because we
needed a shot a lot in the casino
betting money because if you're going to
put in $5 loss in Amelie and I told
Colin film and we immediately realized
this is the worst idea you've ever had
filming in a casino like that so we we
right away we're like okay so before
it's like three men in a suit so I'm
just like sick of Darner neck let's just
leave so that's what we're doing now ask
me to strip
security all the quickest ten dollars I
think I've ever seen spent it's pretty
quick pretty quick and I don't even care
kept really cool I'm not even sure we
can use any of the footage that we use
bigger all I know is we cannot go back
in there again ever
Milford Utah here we come
why would you make that a bit bit about
a bag of rice and put it in the milk
until it blew hot going through logic
fries on it and now I'm talking about in
Excel jamming in your face whole other
head now with these before
if I get bit by a snake do you know it's
view or go film it well yes build it and
then leave me to be responsive that
amount and it's fit in your face be my
eyes we're leaving the Zion National
Park rezaian and we spend some time here
showing and just kind of taking it in I
mean this is one of the coolest earth
terrain spots that I've ever seen these
rocks or they're kind of mind-blowing ly
massive all I want to do stems but on
now we are going to Milford because
that's where the dart landed for left of
the trip and we have to end up there so
this is just afternoon so we're going to
hope to get there around 2:00 and grab
some lunch there's 1,400 people who live
there adds up to 2010 so that's like
half days but still that long fell off
of the mountain you can tell it just
landed there imagine washing that I
watch this documentary once about
Yosemite and they and a piece of shale
fell off of the face of Half Dome like
years ago but it was so big when it hit
the ground they said it was like 1,400
sticks of dynamite something like that
there was like a blast radius it cleared
out all these trees imagine that
like nature making a bomb and just drop
it
Dublin PD is that someone you guys are
just turning around
oh good yeah I know dude I saw you guys
have posted the screen and I literally
was like coming dying before
underwhelming very busy well we got
there like like 9:30 and there was a big
line and when we were leaving the line
of a triple one yeah thank you guys yeah
absolutely
we just got to Milford in a couple of
you guys were waiting for us which is
crazy they drove from Salt Lake which is
a couple hundred miles it's Sunday and
we're in you talk nothing is open like
nothing no one's here there's rundown
businesses but in a way it's like it's
so special
my Milford 50 on motion by terrible game
doc 187 million be the same intended
creeps out along with forever this is
beauty 15 on hits one to do the stones
that were trending on YouTube this
evening I don't think anyone else can
relate to this experience but it's
 nice being able to travel radio
and listen to my girlfriend when I miss
us so much and we're out in availability
anyway
you
