Oh
ok Google ok Google ok Google why we're
making dinner right now you know while
we're making a hopper food again which I
think today tips us over the edge of
more days we've made offer food foods
and we have not probably I'm not a
mathematician but I'm pretty sure that's
accurate
been like the hottest day of the world
war toilet in orange is above the law
this is all looks like tomorrow the
worst I hate that time yeah it's been
like 90 95 degrees today today is just
another whole day basically of kind of
getting everything ready for last-minute
trips as well as a bunch of other things
and no and no we had a development today
in preparation for this weekend that is
excited I'll give you a hint about this
weekend which we're going to tell you
more on the livestream when we tour the
dark but a hint about this weekend is
we're going to be staying close to the
ground the entire trip and due to that
little secret pimp thing we were looking
for something that we were struggling to
get and today we think we got it so
it's very exciting I feel like the whole
days gone it's so bright and it's 6:30 I
actually really love it
it feels like today is really long we
took the Dodger walk and they've been
exhausted all day so that's really nice
is it ready alright be ever you gotta
eat one doing we're going to roast the
fuck at you today
when were you have fun how was it
panting because he has a fur coat and I
AC broke so we came downstairs because
it's cooler down here but yeah he he's
been doing this for a while he's hot
alright too hot today the moment it
starts getting hotter ACS already tapped
out so tomorrow we're getting it fixed
someone coming in the house to fix our
AC but tonight it's like 9 o'clock and
it's so hot so we can't even really be
upstairs right now so we're taking a
break down here while we're in the sand
in the house but Mar Walters he's got to
deal with this with a giant fur coat on
not only bought a fur coat a lot of
smart choice for this weather Jen is
about to film the video where we read
the dogs mean comments but right now I'm
doing some homework drone work doing
some homework on drones basically just
some of the technical stuff that I'm
trying to brush up on for flying drones
and also working with drones house
especially the drones that I'm flying
which are a lot different than the files
I'm used to if you didn't just fall
asleep from boredom with me talking
about that thank you but if you did I'm
setting a good dream
what's happening here Mimi vaguely is
all she's worth it anyway we're roasting
darts are now reading them they're mean
commas and Marvel just half of them are
just calling him dad
PG young Ned you get hate it on me maybe
yeah maybe yeah good girl yeah you're
welcome again
sadly looky same time Wow sweet godly I
wanted to sit down for a second talk to
you guys about right okay bye
about some as many of you know in the
last December months I've been venturing
into different projects and arenas and I
guess creative outlets and they've been
so incredibly rewarding for one waffle
and everything law school is doing
namely last-minute trips our original
series that we created that we have
invested so much time and effort and
love into commercial content that I'm
shooting for other people in brands the
podcast which is our baby and I love the
twittering going to events South by and
playlist and everything that goes on in
my life it's been increased and I wanted
to get on here and just let you guys
know that for at least the foreseeable
future there will now moving forward be
three blogs per week on this channel and
I personally think that's a really
exciting thing simply because in general
I'm starting to notice that three out of
the four vlogs per week for the most
part are generally good looked and blogs
that I'm proud of and excited to upload
a lot of times the fourth log is one
that I scrambled to get up on a busy day
or I wasn't super pumped about how I got
to edit it or shoot maybe something that
was external of myself for the vlog
which I love doing and so it's been kind
of a pattern for a while we're three
vlogs are great and I'm excited about
them and then the four
Vargas well it's the fourth law and so
now with last-minute trips and
everything else going on I found that it
might be a good idea to just switch it
to three four right now and we'll see
but I just want to let you know that and
I think with that change comes the
opportunity for you to look forward to
three better vlogs three vlogs that I'm
able to put more into and not feel like
any of them have to be rushed out or
uploaded because I have to I want to
feel like the videos that I upload here
of my life are sharing my life and
sharing my experience while also being
made to entertain you in a way that I'm
happy about one of the things that as a
vlogger you have to keep an eye on is
how much are you sharing and I think
sometimes when I have to post the fourth
vlog and I share a little too much I
might be better off not sharing some
stuff so my plan is to upload Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday every week and if for
some reason on some weeks that Friday I
feel like I'm able to give more to you
I made potentially livestream here I may
post just maybe some cinematic visual
stuff for you to have here just to watch
I'm going to focus on making a solid
trio of logs per week and I'm pumped
about it that means this will be last
vlog for the week but it's not going to
last time you see me this week which is
kind of a point of all this and then me
saying this and changing schedule a bit
we're going on the last-minute trip this
weekend I'm going to be out of snapchat
as usual we're gonna be streaming Monday
podcasts on Monday no matter what you
will you will be seeing way more than
enough of this mug thank you guys and I
will see you soon good night for me and
good morning to you unless you live like
all the way across the fucking world but
you can I hear connecter noon good arvo
and that's how many one good are though
