all right meeting in session right now
we're back home and calling it over we
are working on lots of old business as I
announced this weekend at South by
episode two of last minute trips will be
filmed this weekend we're throwing the
dart on Saturday on the livestream and
so we have a whole ton of shit to
prepare for that trip with right now so
even here going over some stuff for a
little while now genitive made that
fantastic con sour soup which she
initially makes me when I have my wisdom
teeth out and I couldn't eat anything
but now I just want it because she made
it so delicious one of the things that
we're going to do today physically is
kind of assemble the maps of this week
the dart throwing map we got ourselves
some Gator board because that's the
material we found most suitable for the
darts while also attaching a map to it
so we take you over here we got we got
an X right here this is delivered while
we're at stop by and right here we have
two sheets of Giga board half inch thick
oh if you ever put pulp is good on my
face ever again
but luck on your face don't put pulp is
good anywhere around oh you got a good
angle I'm worth I'm the worst
I'm worse I don't know if you remember
like a couple weeks ago I put up this
productivity board for all the things
that happen in my life and I've recently
today how to divide it completely and
happen so they'll just leave a section
for washable half of this board is
wasallam out so this is all me that is
all welcome here information and you
want to give them follow me on snapchat
Twitter was better oh yeah use that yeah
better I learned two completely
different socks that's what I always do
any I know except these are actually
apparent people always ask are you
wearing two that were talking of either
a fucking pair yeah people always ask
people always ask how many times you can
ask that
like cheering Claridge's okay say what
you want but I have control I edit this
this this whatever you say can be
whatever I want I'm talking now you can
do voiceover yeah saying like Who am I
mm Kevin Jack Sparrow you do not want to
know what I set up very straight careful
little edges watch will hear the drops
another oh yeah Truth or Consequences
here we come our math v2 this is episode
2 and on this is the mapper and we we
did it right so my mom found the spring
the only problem with the fray my mom
bought was the service couldn't take
drugs or anything not even Tim so we got
some Gator board we measured all the
Gator board to fit this frame perfectly
spray glued the Gator board onto the
frame and then spray glue this new map
on top of the Gator boards and now it
can take darts very well including 10
tips so that is our first 10 reps r1 and
our second pin we do not know where it
will be
we cool hood like you tight on there
just kick the whole thing into
mm-hmm yep I need to work out more I got
a really tiny kind of half work out in
just now even though I just did a little
bit of the rowing machine but I was
watching a video recently actually today
by one of my favorite YouTube video
Gophers I guess and he I've mentioned
him before in the blog his name's Matt
Jo's makes some of the most inspiring
stuff personally to me on YouTube and a
lot of what he does really excites me
about making cinematic and cool awesome
videos on YouTube this is the video of
him plane spotting at the Sydney Airport
I saw this and I was like I've kind of
wanted to do this before I've even gone
to the airport and I and just kind of
looked at plane because I've ever kind
of camped out with gear and film I'm
gonna try that tonight if you haven't
yet go over to his channel and bother
him tell him to come visit us all the
way from Australia come we can steal
Vegemite from Rome and he can eat it but
yeah I wanna go look at some plane
oh yes perfect
are there's no light here at all but we
are packing up now this is this is the
plane spotting and I caught a shot of
Josh where it looks like kind of a green
screen right yeah I'll put it on the
screen I'll start okay all right we're
in a wild goodbye vlog okay just give me
a break if plots almost got hit by plane
for your picture this that's that sucka
kind of stumbled upon a great spot but I
think for the night if you want more of
this
check out masters video he did a way
better job but I want to do this again
so badly the feeling you get when the
plane is flying almost right over you
and it's so loud and huge I imagine I
get that feeling if I saw a dinosaur
right kind of like terrifying you like a
dinosaur yeah like a big flying metal
dinosaur like what kind of dynasty doc I
don't like a pterodactyl you talking
about I'm talking about like seeing one
in real life any of them but because
it's so big and loud and I need to plug
you don't you never felt that sensation
before like it's right there okay
all right mr. dinosaur over here in your
mattress I wished I forgot is going to
take your dinosaur right here Tom I
would say more like so why'd you want to
take it you just going to tell me where
to exact because because I'm telling you
your emotions are wrong Yeah right their
top is a very peaceful of dinosaurs okay
can you give me a really violent and
loud one T Rex Raptor okay
it's like being two flying T regular
Raptors royalty while they scream
ah go to sleep with that image
