it's just after noon which isn't really
fair because of the daylight savings we
lost an hour tonight but we are in one
of my favorite cities we are in Austin
Texas
we are at tortilla taco and I've been
telling Jenna for ages operated Torchy's
tacos ooh she's like alright enough
about Torchic oxygen and then she ain't
rich a taco
okay that's fair they're delicious
we just left lunch and on we're walking
from this out first right all the way
across to downtown Austin because we're
trying to get out stepped in we ate
Cockrum but it's fucking cold we didn't
think it was neither cold it's not
normally there's one on the hole right
there is it's crab that blanket it's
about 49 degrees right yeah it's
literally yeah anyway we were headed to
downtown - we did oh you know picking up
my badge we went out on 60 last night
and I was complete madness I've been to
Austin a bunch but I've never been to
South by and so South by Austin is very
different than normal off and last night
we saw that some guys tried to hit on
Rome by telling her that he threw up in
his mouth already twice for some reason
it didn't work
like hey my answer in my pocket so I was
going to go facedown everyone falling
it's called we're complete math my
double including the soldiers rolled up
in a car and I think he watches the vlog
but he pulled over George with a high oh
I tried so hard to be there this is the
coolest day of my life beautiful
for we left the convention center and we
are not walking back up toward South
Congress
we never went to South Congress this
morning with the first tree to the food
trucks and ad Torquay so we're going to
do some walking and shopping in South
Congress I think we're pretty much done
sq mentioned today because we have our
bag and I have no event to be at today
so we'll see I guess we're just kind of
walking about and getting our
motherfucking Texas stepped in I have
eight thousand six hundred right now
it's a pretty low-key day where I'm just
having fun being in Austin because it's
something about being here that just
makes me happy
ha sure we're still going shopping on
top Congress and where this store Maya
right behind me and funny story about
this place the first time I came to
Austin while I was dating Jenna I went
with my buddy's girlfriend and bought
Jenna a necklace I believe maybe was
earrings from this store and so she's in
there right now because she really likes
the stuff have we gone back here now but
the first thing I ever bought jewelry
for Jenna
this is crocheted taxes I mean like
Continental just in case looks like a
wheel we were just looking for a
bathroom to use and I had this idea why
isn't there like a Yelp for bathroom
trademark now stay the time it takes
like 20 and I can't believe it's 6 p.m.
it doesn't feel he lost an hour last
night from daylight savings but we
started the day with the Torchy's food
truck and now we are passing by actual
torches so we're not eating here we're
getting dinner at golden free look at
you guys in your matching beanies
God won't you just hold hands get out
thank you so much pass for hot sauce or
more of course sometimes you don't
actually use it but it's nice to have it
at the table
they got a BLT
bacon what's the widget is a good I
think that is happening you got a gross
feet okay this is no this may be the
best sandwich I've ever had in my entire
life
take care which is borderline I want to
come back keeping row Marty here I want
to come back now and have it again
so we're back in the hotel for a brief
moment before we go out for the night
we're going out to have a few drinks
with Cody DGI Cody but we wanted to drop
all our stuff off this is some of the
stuff I got today which I'm really happy
about I did not expect to get as many
cool items but Austin only delivers for
a rainy Street I think let's just get it
tomorrow
so we are back at the convention center
today the last day here I'm going to do
an interview what's trending is gonna be
like a live talk thing interview of then
is a break and then it's panel our next
talent has landed I have I have Jillian
with me right now I think I want to get
you lost in wonder if an element is
laughing I mean whatever decision Karen
Gravano kind of shell when she's
wrapping up the interview were slated to
go about 20 minutes 15 20 minutes her
engineers work because if I would tell
you know and you watch Ben Logan's
interview or nick offerman vision you'll
be like we can't wait but we have so
many blurbing
live Oh so if you do yeah tomorrow I'll
give him a real workout yeah I can't
wait for the Comcast interview I'm gonna
get it last year
oh yeah it was good fathers if they
don't know which we should know you
probably shouldn't see if you don't
follow me and don't follow me because I
love that Julian Tomita on
that was cooling into the libido right
now I mean with us going into the
contest social media lends itself by
selfless give it out first you again
don't try to see you here self myself
that's doing your thing
looping here thank you first of all
we're trying to be here doing a panel
later this afternoon with DJ rod I got
it in two days ago and I leave tonight
I don't want Aleeah so oh maybe you guys
will be moving I'll just be able to get
your prize we talked about no way really
well often yeah that's your shipping
name you have a name heist and or
something yeah we take all the time
that's about it okay so I actually
really started a series with my new
production company called law school I
started the series of called last-minute
trip and we're doing one again this next
weekend we're going to throw the dart
a new episode so that will be coming
thank you so much Julian for playing
with us by the way that was all right
now thank you
awesome dr. Gruber would love it yeah
thank you thank you okay
oh yes enhance you can walk on land is
already people waiting here and a like
their system or something
well yeah interesting questions that you
have
co-op I'm going on things that we don't
get just stop doing that Julian
Philomena billion powers on you daily
walk from where you start is interesting
if you don't like put a blog on paper
it's you know it's you're documenting of
your life on a day-to-day basis you know
a lot I don't walk cringe I think about
talking to the camera but it sounds like
it's like needs to do to cover an
extension then you know I'm putting
bilborough's refutable to the start of
our economy such a cool thing with this
is an angle birthday that no one would
ever ever see me think about we finished
the panel I think you went really well
and we are now grabbing lunch at Bouldin
Creek caf√© once again
for now one for the plane for getting
the VLTs again in grocery business I had
a really fantastic time on that panel
and in South by an Austin I think this
is really great trip shout-out to team
legs for being the real subsidy I
obviously for bringing me out here has
been like a very very very special
experience but the BLT is going to
really make it special experience right
now my guys here at the airport
thanks Austin it's a great trip until
next time and I hope I pray through
thank you to all our you came it's all
five senses PGI thank you to teen like
you
