so um in just a few hours we are going
to go to dinner on a little dinner date
we're going to go to a place I've talked
about in the blog recently is a vegan
sushi restaurant and couldn't even be
more excited not possible
our reservations for 7:30 I will take
you with me and you will see the food
porn and you know who won't see it that
one you don't get this beautifully you
know we've been walking them longer than
we normally do because we're trying to
get our steps in for our Fitbit and they
are so adorable and tired all day now
it's awesome anyway today has been good
I try to lower you through this morning
with common hungover because I went out
drinking with some friends last night
and then I dropped the pins today and
livestreams while I did it which was a
lot of fun a lot of you guys were in
there and every time I do a live stream
it's more and more encouraging to do
more of them because you guys you guys
show up him you show up you there and
now I appreciate that
I like poke in the eye today my eyes
like all red
this is ordered does it look okay the
rain are trying to keep it together with
very very sad I know how does multiple
role of patient
we both got vegan drama and I know the
more energy the ioaded callicles spicy
tuna because Chinaman roll
I'm not going to really talk too much
about dinner I don't have enough words
to like describe it they'll tell you
that my expectations were ever having
vegan sushi tastes like that anything
and everything like I ate things tonight
at dinner that I couldn't eat for years
because this restaurant has made not
only vegan specific a lot of roles that
would normally be in traditional sushi
not gluten-free gluten-free so I was
eating everything under the sushi Suns
all vegan all happy gyoza
I couldn't he killed that forever I mean
they'll make gluten-free gyoza ever
especially at restaurants and they had
yoga here and I had like crunchy tempura
rolls and all sorts of stuff I just
can't eat I was begging Jenna to take me
here and she finally did thank you
we did it goes up the crispy rice our
pleasure to the baked out for all the
green monstah roll and the crispy roll
that was my favorite we also we also got
dessert to go I'm so full so we got
dessert so you take home it really need
to have the whole experience to come
back
yeah yeah it's far from our house so we
made the trip and that guy just ran a
really lame red light
hi people oh okay
these are our packages of pins that I'm
setting out to the winners of the
giveaway that just natural yesterday and
also some print I'm going to post office
and then we're going for a walk okay
nice sweet you wouldn't walk here you're
a pirate now you look yeah that's a hot
one huh there you still feel hot it
feels like summers just coming way too
fast because this feels like summer but
anyway my mom's going to stop by with a
special delivery that I'm excited to see
and show you as well she'll be here in
like 20 minutes and I'm like kind of mad
about that was good luck he was about
5,400 step roughly give or take 5400
steps Indiana so my mom not was ever my
mom oh we're working product this is not
going to be a final map but she did
design this border for Ross minute trips
last moment Brad and my mom's with art
designing movies and TVs but she had
 she didn't but yeah so right here
the reason that this will work because
it won't make a starter but we're
thinking of putting a surface over this
that will take dark and then another map
on top to keep the brain but this is
incredible I mean because during what
we're working with
well done this is how far apart yeah see
Wow yeah good job
good logic it was all in the look
it's now podcast I'm recording earlier
this week everyone stopped by I came up
with this funny idea that we make our
own modifications to the UFC rule so we
basically made them all talkie which is
really funny I think we had a lot of fun
making them we're gonna record that now
and let me have packing dinner cleaning
to do later boring stuff so that's why I
was logged over now for those of you who
are in Austin or will be at South by I'm
going to leave at the end of this video
a little promo video of the information
that you'll need for my panel that's out
by also will be linked in the
description is a panel info so if you
want to go there check it out if you're
going to be a talk by I'd love to see
you you're going to be awesome
I'd love to meet anyone okay see you
Dobson
