today's vlog starts with me in the car
on the way to the meeting it's almost
1:00 1300 and I'm going to a meeting
right now Colin and I are going to be
meeting with a good friend Cody from DJI
we're going to lunch meeting and this
meeting has a lot to do with lost achill
so I'm excited we're we're going to talk
about some exciting things then I'll
probably follow up with Colin and scare
him maybe or with them a little bit
or not but I'm on time for this meeting
that's a good thing
whoo craft beer so I was waiting on a
package before I left and it didn't come
it's going to come later on today so
I'll see you later but the package is
for somebody pin I don't feels like it's
been a while since the last time pins
drops but pins are dropping tomorrow
Thursday new pin for Andy pin later in
the vlog you will get to see what they
look like
a little sneak peek action I might even
do a little photo shoot with the pin not
with me but one of the pins is the theme
is whiskey so I was thinking I could
figure out a cool way to incorporate the
whiskey bottles and take some cool
photos it's always frustrating when
you're excited for a package but you
have to go somewhere for the day and I
clock whether it's like work or school
or meetings or whatever you're just like
I want to be home waiting for the second
I want to be on package watch what
hold the gentlemen package box to take
we're at this place called public away
when aim at the bar and the penis coming
through the menu
and the music is really loud it's great
but I was going to say is being at like
a poor environment during the day like
how dare refuse bar tables appear it
reminds me of bartending and I like
honestly I miss this and this going to
like bars during the day no I can
alcoholic on the weekend and one have a
beer cool table
I don't know something cool about I
really want to be
don't dude just kidding follow me out
the moment you can promote yourself I am
Dalia I know bleep it bleep me out ready
yeah back kermy do you want a t-shirt
oh speaking of teacher made last-minute
trip episode one sure if they're
official and they're alive right
out at that URL go there to get this rad
shirt for this is the back wait why
don't you pull you through the fern you
didn't point to anything look at it
later god no that's right okay then here
ready do this link right here across my
face do you wanna eat do this link right
here perfect there you go
Congrats dude do you want all my
mustaches oh please like having a
 kid you're my son
no you're my son
we had the meeting and now we're back
home doing more meaning and we're going
to live streaming tonight obstacles so
we'll do that in a bit but we just
launched we see it we did a soft launch
it's like the secret little launch
nobody knows about old flaccid launch
nobody knows about this right now I just
have to ignore and keep moving forward
we're going to go live in a few minutes
on life-skills channel and let people
know about these shirts because that's
like one of the main announcements for
this stream tonight for law school I
just spilled almost an entire tallboy
beer on all of the gear over here he put
his beer right here without some reason
and I filled it all
follow me follow me on
I hate you did
Oh did your wife Justine help me which
is it on a female obstacle Oh cuz Rome
knows about it oh she got the email wait
no I said it to her I find Rome can no
rum Keller
don't buy one wait say again to come in
with your togs don't do the thing in
your tongue that's what Vice you need to
live by no no put it back he's doing it
right now
oh I don't know her supposed to be
office creature
Wow wrong not on purpose I would never
witness it on purpose
ROH all right we've emerged from our
cave working on potential projects and
writing contracts and and anyway
the shirt is done we're going to go live
right now to announce it your B shirts
are limited and they're going to be
customized to where ever we go for that
episode of last minute trips initial is
representing the Truth or Consequences
trip so the link is right here also in
the description maybe up til March 22nd
I think and then it's done are you done
hanging up on your wife
there you go focus on this you don't get
my focus we're Carrie not fit don't step
on the internet please yeah I mean like
okay fine don't look um
on to a future episode trip by the way
everyone here you're now the vlog so say
hello to the vlog Sandberg but babe I
sure John adjusting solo
oh wait don't do that oh my god all
right a live stream is all done and I'm
sorry you can't smell this but jenna is
cooking up a
storm she's making she said what do you
want to eat for dinner I said I want BLT
so she's making vegan bacon it's a wrap
ladies the invasion from Tempe for my
faithful she's doing it for me thank you
it's been kind of amazing like letting
you have the kitchen like she's been
cooking up storms every night and I am
not complaining shells may be awesome
walking I am so ready to eat so I'm
going to do that now but no that's it so
we're going to construct our own vegan
BLTs using homemade happy bacon fresh
tomato and less amazing vegan sour dough
bread and just mayo vegan Mayo and then
we have this wonderful Caesar salad
ready to go have I told you that okay
thank you for doing full of BLP mommy
and daddy got you a little present
smuggling UHI you chewing you guys going
to chain you can you get PT $10 where
huh this is what I don't want to do for
karma for new just out on the husband
guys you look look like well without you
heart make me feel a baby oh oh you like
you huh it's nice small like maybe they
make a medium they shouldn't have it
large sort of a fever or a no reason to
the kids
mMmmm lay down you can a doubt staff dog
we thank you in return if I go real Cod
right all right we're going to be honest
any cheaper I make a full-time ah fire
edition ah is that fine in there a lake
is you're a good girl yeah I wish they
had a bigger size because they would
both totally get in it if we should
order them a medium or large or large
that's so funny oh my god it's a gator
need medium we popped it you want to go
to we're gonna trim it's breathing so
loud it looks like it won't forget
kappa'd peach okay if you come come out
let muffle try and okay keep that mob
will try get her out turn your models
you can I did it hard at all go wrong
oh mama Luigi you have to share it with
everybody in my one year now bubbles not
going to have a good experience get out
oh you don't
BB go ahead comment yes Oh get out can
you come on out any reappeared in you
know
anyway you go all the way into the back
fear that feels it feels good huh you
like that level
oh so meaty okay honey you can have that
and I use my TP close the ad but I think
you know where we should put it on one
of the kitchen chairs
yeah it doesn't need it there all right
come come oh okay we'll put in the
reading room madam a good purchase huh
all right and we're gonna get your first
worth the bed Wow oh yes it's like both
legs tucked in use like already grab it
do you have your this purchase right bud
good dog good dog
good boy
