come here son I'll go upstairs we're
going out on our bed climbing are you in
bed having bed time it's climbing up my
hand semi rare that he wakes up during
the day and we can hang out with him
so sometimes we just like to say hey
dogs get the fuck out of here we're
bringing our hamster in the bed and then
we let him hang on here no no no no can
you explain to me why you're awake right
now you're supposed to be supposed to be
managing your own sleep schedule
something
what I'm not allowed to sneeze you're so
fast
you're a fast sexy boy
what you doing he's so funny you're a
handsome boy you know that why are you
trying to slide down the bed you slid
all the way down you like that slide
okay until you've like hung out with
your hamster in your bed you haven't
quite lift all right
you have to go now he doesn't want
outside time to end I know I'm sorry
Kermit he's not your toy look who don't
clean their office me bitch I'm also so
it's an Atari cartridge of pub G shots
have to tear someone one of my favorite
things about being an adult and living
in a rented house that's actually kind
of not great is putting band-aids on
everything and not being able to fix any
problems because now your house anyway
right now we are getting ready to shoot
Jenna's video having Jason and gobs
bring their cat over to the house and we
are gonna have like a doggy cat playdate
and we're gonna basically film it and
see how the dogs interact with melody
who's their cat who is an adorable cat
who I've met the dogs have not met he
also just got a nice New Year's card
from our good friend Shan dude with all
her animals it's really nice of her but
for me today has been
I think today is working out so we Jason
in the morning like a fish that's been
UCB so it is a leading time we out here
working on Jenna's video
it's time to take these beautiful most
likely Indian man hey extensions and let
him be free free yeah you said that to
me the other day and I was like wait
Indian man like the majority of long
hair extensions that are real no you
don't get to google it it's on the blog
now okay google wave extensions come
from I love triggering people's Google
homes and the blogs people between me
like hey could you maybe like stop
triggering my Google home with your
vlogs I don't anything about men I don't
know man okay moving on I just realized
that I got a letter from the DMV in
September and never renewed my
registration a little bit so I got to do
that tomorrow because it's too late to
that tonight being an adult has a very
very difficult thing even when you're
bad at it okay I'll leave you with
something
next week we're making the big
announcement for raw circle you're gonna
know next week but for right now I will
show you a little what is that name for
something where it's a small item in a
story but it holds significant value not
a nugget not easter egg not a motif what
is it it's not a motif symbolic I'm
gonna Google at home one sec guys
symbolism of objects in cinema little
teeth cinematic terms here we go here we
go refers to a recurring thematic
element in the film that was repeated in
a significant way or pattern examples of
motifs a symbol object alright it's a
motif this is a motif for the project
we're working on that you're gonna know
about next week it's a motif and I know
that word is it
about that
