peach coming in fit you want to go for a
walk you want to go for a little walk
you haven't done this big loop in a few
days so we thought you know you even
though it's overcast it's not supposed
to rain today and if it is it's just a
light sprinkle come on take it for a
nice walk so we're doing that we got
stiffed it so we're like tracking our
walk some spotty statistics look at
those three
I'm cocky since I've been out of surgery
for my teeth
I'm doing a lot better it's Sunday now I
had it done Friday and I barely feel
abnormal at all if anything it's more of
just being cautious but the pain has
been okay instead of them taking care of
me and feeding me and I can eat so
recovery is good and I'm very happy with
how the coping went just thought that a
little bit I run the last leg of the
walk and I was injured his carrying case
because he's gone from like triple the
walk that we've gone on and he's tired
it's beautiful out here the tons of
people are on these flowers before
bringing home anything lunch and then
podcast and then Sunday our fucking
faces off for the rest of the day
because that's what Sunday's I for if
you don't relax calm funded I'd highly
encourage Trani see she's just trying to
rub her face in the seminar that's nice
alright we're going to podcast right now
but
dealing with cut so fair warning look
away thoughts growth you out but this is
a is not new this is a cut from
yesterday I sliced my finger up and on
fire if that's really gross
I sliced my finger open on a can top of
a can like a lid and I glued it shut and
it was it was pretty big cuz I glued
shut
it's good now like it's not it's not
open like it was but it's just bleeding
a little bit of soil I needa up some
more glue on it nappy like I did this
the day after I fucking had my wisdom
teeth out like what is my problem I am
so fucking extra sometimes with hurting
myself like that we have this really
funny podcast idea we're going to do is
look how gross that is
yeah all right here we go Oh silk and I
get it put my fucking trash away here we
go
look who came upstairs with Daddy huh
you're so cute you come with me
everywhere I go
come downstairs so we can abandon you
while we podcast huh oh girl good girl
who are you the new IT girl hey girl let
me tell me yeah I mean maybe of three or
four or five feet higher but yeah no
good right now you put it way too close
alright podcast time today
yeah community you'll be
by the way thank you guys for your
suggestions we got dog peanut butter the
podcast is over tweeted 20-17 comments
very goofy and stupid but it was fun and
check it out I think you'll enjoy it
peach come come with me because you're
not to be trusted by yourself can I show
the iPad pro go long at time of yard
well it was like two birthdays ago but
it takes
that's all it bothers me the most it's
the fact that it takes like seven hours
to charge it but it'll die in like also
the dream in it the innards of it aren't
even working right here in it while
you're playing Monopoly and I tried
something hard and I felt like a little
sharp thing so we're gonna go look at
new iPad for because that thing is not
okay or IPM teast your iPad huh a bomb
alright so at the mall just pop to the
office for now then it's trying to find
oh it's a footlocker come on send and
try to find this Marc water bottle
connect our certified smart water bottle
I connect to your 15 keeping track like
we've drinking throughout the day and
she was like this for store at the mall
will have it and I'm like eh no they
won't
Andy what is the sport store don't
believe it you found this mutt it's not
pretty but man damn there's one lesson
you found it I was literally just
getting on Amazon to try to buy it for
you that's crazy
connect your zipper Congrats you did it
this is so cool
check this out you charged it in there
this is the top of the water bottle and
it tracked how much water you drink in
throughout the day and syncs with your
fitness app pretty bad are you jealous
honestly I'm a little bit jealous I kind
of woke up I would like Keeton left his
hat here Keeton commute your hat I'm
doing the stairs our house we're running
around like madmen okay so when you
trying to reach our goal of every day I
have a couple more place in stairs to
run anyway the vlog is over tonight I'm
going to be streaming from the
Watsonville channel with Collin
youtube.com slash profitable take into
that nice lap
