you won't get my wisdom teeth out they
have both lovin miles of gas left at
least my car battery didn't explode yeah
we were walking right now I'm just
nervous
I'm not looking forward to it but uh you
got Jenna with me and I got my
headphones and soon no but you told me
to bring them hey Felix
soon nothing cinematic I'm going to be
all all night ripped up I kind of got
six people that I see laughing Hanna
listen this is zero
I'll do that with all this in the
cupcake imagine Oh weird that looks like
that's an office and they can see it no
okay
getting his feet up he would not let me
go back there with
came back after
and Hannity his cameras I'm afraid of
ministry you thought about recording
peacefully I didn't feel bad about this
when I got my work into town Julian was
like sitting in the chair right behind
me but not like I fell getting my teeth
out nobody needs to see that I know you
don't get as good as gross thank you he
is going to be getting laughing gas if I
can feel like under anesthesia or
anything you can be little good question
I'm gonna take complete and hope you I
hope that you're okay there by yourself
are you doing great
how long ago just an hour
hold it it's 10 o'clock how are you are
you okay don't be wrong how do you feel
you feel the piece yesterday anything
yeah yeah of course here why cause I
said we don't be later yeah okay to eat
my sweet ha ha ha ha I love you ah are
you okay Janine how walking
you feel loopy duping you wanna go lay
down on the couch
how is the gasps fun right and if we
will became more incarnation over Noble
you won't good one yeah we made it
miss we cheated human studies have you
got approval in his mouth so you if the
key goes on all day okay cause I
actually you know how they said I
couldn't go back there out well I
actually prefer ended that girl in the
front and she let me go back and see you
for just one second
yeah you're in you look at I don't know
what you were doing very gentle with
that even more cock peach peach it's
like very upset because she wants to
love you you have to be really gentle
with dad okay you feel good I know
you're hungry probably let me take your
shoes off
no okay what about you
you see oh my god I'm so overwhelmed
right now
catch your burger girl half of it what
do you want me to do for ace bandage -
enough to hold that remembers I'm not
cold
I was going to wrap this around your
head you fucking for Warren do you want
me to get you another ice pack you need
ice all day it's going to go bad
okay do we have any like this little
that's too cold and let's put those back
on skis and Greenlee
programming yeah funny
okay I'm gonna help you take care of
yourself it may be nice very doesn't
feel good you're into it you sure you
glad Issa okay
easy with her head do you fuck with the
war otter it's enough little Dicky how
was the gas was it fun like I was
falling yeah what you happy you got a
mole fright next few when I charge your
phone she's crying for comment
hey lady are you having daddy sign is
lady mm-hmm but also celebrated here
she's selfish thank you sweet sour patch
kids I have to feed the boys is that
okay
Oh Julian and so do they have coke legs
not for dog Oh get that ass over here
c'mere boy come on boy bring that little
story of your let's check check no no
baby community peace pop do my makeup
like one of your french boys I don't
like it no naughty it's just making me
my favorites don't call it hot and sour
soup I used to have another kid
proper which is recreating it to be
suitable for me right now
this came outside for the first time
since this morning at feels weird
sentencing in soup it she also made me
pudding
she made me bolt I'm so lucky I start
having those poppers because I'm getting
hungry that bet
right so I messed up an avocado with
some salt and pepper and so the first
meal it's delicious
alright second dish is cashew chocolate
pudding Jenna made three is so good so I
just took a nice little now to feel the
pain now but that took more how you drop
it oh they're calling me right now to
check on my side yeah yes I I'm feeling
pretty good there's a little bit of pain
but it's um it's not too bad alright
right on day three it's all not the
eight but pretty much gonna be I can
throw a while right now cuz I think
laying down flat pick made the blood
kind of go from ahead and drop all of
that I don't know public school but
appeals home well that's good thank you
for filling for me earlier and taking
care of me for real
she's killing it giving me vetoes yeah I
can't believe you just made Hans our
food I haven't had a hot entire food
prep 15 because I couldn't find a gluten
free anywhere and it was looking a
childhood I fucking love hot and sour
soup and she just made it like you're
fucking out of Noah yeah I'm sorry
program picture of my wife hopefully you
guys enjoy the wisdom teeth adventure
until net no there will not be a next
one it's fine that's not a thing
