and good morning right now I'm doing my
best to kind of scramble to get ready
and get myself out of the house because
the car dealership awaits me not buying
a new car I'm just bringing my car in
for service I need to be there at my
appointment time which is ten so the
plan is to drive over there drop off my
car including the windshield wipers made
by scrub blades who sent those to me I
want to have those installed because I
try doing that and I just rather someone
else do it for me
and then I'm going to do the choices
Jitsu I think that gives you like a
courtesy ride at the dealership so I'm
hoping for that if not I may just have
to grab another something
from here dealership and it turns out my
quarter be lucky need further
it's been barely a year since I came not
even and my cars drove 3,000 miles
pretty much nothing I like those drive
along and when I do drive I'm just
having them put the wipers on and then
I'm out of here
and I probably will bring it in
preservatives all I popped up because I
guess being preempted sometimes in
situations there leave me at one thing
kill caffeine with I went into like them
lounge we wait for your car engine
vitamin a copy machine but members
working are definitely applying some
sort of energy or I go to train then
just get but it's not getting really
stock new wipers in let's go train
I'm back home is now time to shoot just
video and it looks like we're doing
another just video which is fun for me
because it's like I get to go to jujitsu
twice except the second time I'm dealing
with a flailing clueless girlfriend
right now I'm just starting to set up up
in the gym I'll show you what we are
going on Picchu Erica you just get there
yeah you can and you can like why and
that's basically I don't know if I'm
going to do the overhead mic at this
time we might just do the shotgun one
actually I don't know I might do the
overhead mics but yeah it's been like 85
90 degrees randomly today just so hot
seemingly so out of nowhere
well you want to learn jujitsu whether
you wanna laggy my below you will like
that trouble you're back now so right
now it's just a matter of getting here
and you set up and then Joe is going to
get in here it's hot so I'm really
hoping the a/c cools this room down
which I don't feel anything so fuck yeah
we're going to likely get filming food
ghost test test
here we are digging again
except we improved it this is the new
and improved Caesar salad being stopped
and is caching Parmesan cheese on top
beyond meat chicken croutons by visual
new improved dressing I mean enjoy
putting capable random yeah sorry how
about in one spot ridiculous we were
still quite the appetite doing jiu-jitsu
together
so now Jenna's been craving Caesar sauce
since we like made it a couple months
ago more than that like a year ago it's
the last time you had that we're having
against me some hot food - food
represent okay so I'm realizing that
today Thursday is my last day of
glorious chewing eating freedom for the
next few days or so tomorrow I'm getting
my wisdom teeth out
I think these top two ones one on each
side are not impacted it shouldn't be
crazy but I don't know how it's going to
go like I don't know if I'm going to
throw up a lot or if it's going to be
miserable or not that bad but I do know
that I won't be able to eat drink out of
a straw and that's really all that
matters because all I want to do every
day is eat so I figured while I have the
ability might as well just kind of eat
really really crunchy hard to chew
things today get it all out of my system
and then that way tomorrow I'll be a
little bit less miserable
all right making a bagel I might make it
extra toasted so it's like real crunchy
I'm not looking forward to the moment
but so what's going to happen is what
opposed this blog today and then
tomorrow there will be no blog because I
will be kind of incapacitated all day
I'm getting the operation early in the
morning um we will be filming so Jen's
going to help me vlog being there being
high on the gas or whatever the whole
experience it's going to be blogged and
then coming home and everything I asked
me I'll be able to get that blog up by
Saturday so expect that schedule for the
next few days
for now I need to eat this really really
crunchy bagel and I'll ASMR it all ASMR
for you we're getting creepy alright
helpful well right now and maybe they
take you on a treat for being a good
girl different trick okay good alright
so I have chip I'm just going to ASMR
eating funny right now because I'm not
going to be able to chew anything for a
few days and I'm not looking forward to
it I feel like it I started juicing too
early I should have just started juicing
when I couldn't eat what I did when I
could I was wasting these precious days
crispy little bagel time guys probably
for me I'm really not looking forward to
tomorrow
all right well I have you here might as
well let you know that today we uploaded
a video on lobstah code of the extras
from our first last minute trip um it's
all the unused footage bluebirds
whatever you want to call it kind of
just like two extra clips and it's
actually really funny
you can't give me a signal how fast yo
for real
well we're about to do I don't think
we're qualified to do Julien's chasing
me in a drone right now forty opposition
of the hippie I don't know where's Joan
and I'll link that in the description
this is going to suck
