settings inside with my mother's money I
kind of want here let me take him with
me don't have a marvel day I'm having a
marvel day right now guys we're just
doing a little dance in the backyard
he's just kind of hanging with me today
I got to go to call in two rooms for a
meeting and I think I'm gonna bring him
with me so I call him snapchat get that
garbage off my blog anyway we're on day
two of juicing even though we're eating
a little bit while we do we're not doing
the full cleanse we're having kind of
like juice all day and then dinner at
night so yeah today like I said we have
a little bit of a possible meeting
except it's not just me and Colin it's
calm myself Rome and Eddie well
sometimes sometimes you just got to get
invited to things now I'm just kidding
you were never invited also something
cool our episode of last minute trips
got picked up by a German web site can't
understand a word of it but it's rad so
thank you to the neon magazine for
picking us up pretty cool pretty
encouraging a lot of you guys been
asking when the next trip is and I we
don't have a definitive answer but just
know that we are working on making it
happen soon
I swear to God assess the city oh you
just get to interject and I can't film
it been trying to get you to take me out
to dinner I want her to Wine and Dine me
and I'm trying to make her do it I think
tonight we might can we we're going to
pit it's so it's like pretty good model
didn't appreciate that though there's a
sushi restaurant in colder city that is
fully vegan and I've been looking into
it for a while but just now getting the
wife to line and dine me there they only
allow married couples by the way this is
Mel B you want to come you know I come
to call it alone and bar get the Bowie
all right marble
I think we're ready to go what's funny
is Marvel is really loud and barky
inside the house and even outside the
house to be honest like when we go on
walks he parks under the dogs but when
he's with me
only and Jenna's not there his attitude
is just a lot better he knows he can't
get away with with me so I think it
should be okay taking him out with me
but we'll see I guess Kimberley learning
is really look good I love it
I'm like I'm literally holding my hands
go and it's shaking I hate bordering on
headed village goodnight Julian came in
for a haircut kidding can I get silver
silver toner like the kind of stuff you
put in printer so wow I have a plan to
dye my hair in a number of weeks but for
now
Brava why don't we just say it's over
this is fun because light to short is
really exciting yeah there we go it's
better with this camera I'm back home my
new hair I literally haven't even looked
at it yet just like first time I've seen
it in light so my hair is like silver
blue ish like a silver like a darker
silver with a little bit of blue in
there and I went in for just a haircut
and Roth was like hey we can tone your
hair to make it silver a little blue it
would just take 20 minutes and it'd be
like your in-between phase until your
next color so much yeah so we did it so
now right here what color is my hair
because you know you're coming
you don't know I'm dating this I'm happy
with it I think it's kind of a cool
changing pick I think it works with a
root being dark better than the blonde
did well what do you have our boy okay
with me to get my hair done for you guys
watching TV in the dark while you're
gone from Tyler Perry wait oh is
this to happen to have not fella a guy
to bartend which is on the show
Philip Boyd what's his name on the show
again Oscar name is name's Oscar if you
watch to having to have not Oscar and my
buddy he you know I used to bartend
together but if you don't want to happen
to have not then that's okay - I'm with
you
what is your meaning
oh yeah Oh put you in a headlock keep
your head low yeah yeah alright dangers
kitchen is in full effect
I'm making peter sollett and pop up in
the scene we tip it the beyond burgers
and to be both pasta they're efficient
the salad jackal here are creeper is too
short little ass booking piston Caitlyn
with the king we're looking for capers
Oh Alan water baby you are on our mark
should that be in there loves all about
a repair your car motor reporter named
Sandy Cooper's you know you have this
delicious orifice injecting some
homemade croutons whoa here is the
biggest Caesar salad and getting you
know guys when after juicing all day I
am really tired of her be jealous
