we made it back home just got back from
our weekend little vacation vacation
whatever you want to call it we went to
Ojai and Wow that place is
magical locally ever a miser owned a
camera and really got to take it in so
let's start the water
right you'll notice I'm wearing a new
shirt this shirt is official Julian
Edelman merch it is the catch it's from
that amazing impossible catch he made
during the Superbowl immediately after I
saw these were on sale I bought one
Julian's got a stick together man
support each other anyway I'm wearing it
especially because of what's happening
today
Collin is going to come over and be on
the podcast now feel like I may regret
this but it's been a long time coming we
actually talked about having Collin mmm
on a long time ago but now I feel like
it's way more appropriate than it's ever
been so he is on his way over and we
were going to record when he gets here
and I set up an ejector seat in the
podcast so when he sits down I'm going
to inject him through the roof just
kidding that would be expensive
our weekend was and is amazing it's
Sunday now it was our first time in Ojai
and it was absolutely fantastic it just
looked so beautiful we were on a nice
hike we need some food we relaxed spent
some time together it was really nice
and very necessary it's good to be back
I honestly feel really hole of energy
and just ready to go
also we haven't checked on it but
apparently Jenna's car got fixed while
we were gone I think the machine helped
get it towed and I think they replaced
the battery but that was crazy I'm
really glad it didn't get any worse than
what happened on Friday
the guns of the drugstore they're not
even like real shoes but they're so nice
you know you get that really scared me
my heart's racing here I feel
bad I something to show you
get that you know and I'm wearing
aa I'm worried
specifically girl I shouldn't want to
rape my readers helmet as well for you
that's our cheat meal not yours for the
podcast went well I kind of feel bad for
scaring Colin by the way I did I didn't
think he was going to be so scared
but yeah the podcast and great is super
relaxed and kind of I could get to know
call an introduction podcast we want to
have him back on eventually maybe like
him and rum at once but it was fun it
was chill and good and we talked about
all sorts of stuff but for now I have a
cheat meal to attend do so so today is
packed with errands I have to go to Home
Depot I have to go to drugstore to get
my pre teat operation meds not
painkillers like specific antibiotics
for this I'm gonna try to take up a
video game
oh we're juicing today by the way
because we've been eating such carpet oh
good we like fell off the horse for like
a good week and a half
I blame Kristen Chen
we're gone his mother playing TV I'll
see you guys please you love something
one like Animal Planet
guys what a live animal place I love you
know what state run you guys want to
watch he come on it's so cute that
you're putting on the TV for them okay
yeah for sure
listen do of the wind from three blocks
and bark at it
no it's like ambien white noise that
keeps them kind of relaxed pray in Jesus
name
play that back alright so the first stop
is getting a Red Dead Redemption
everything I heard Red Dead Redemption
two three on Nepal I've definitely
wanted to play through the first one on
the stream they said they have three or
fewer left that's what the Machine lady
told me on the phone she's better than a
lot dad
every time we go to that fire our friend
works at the front come on I want a
movie in the blogs do is I find Richard
what I always hold me down later
do you like tomorrow all right there
want me to take that email where's the
Guara oh yeah that's right chemo
receives monthly Jenna's teaching me
about twister I've never seen twister
feel like those a lot of movies I
haven't seen that is just straight-up
embarrassing so I'm just not going to
say it anymore
I'm peanut butter boy it's the peanut
butter boy we call Kermit peanut butter
boy now because with Cushing's disease
because the disease he has this Tina
buyer disease because we feed him as
pill every morning and peanut butter so
he doesn't he's got peanut butter
disease disease and the only cure is is
peeing the father please listen you
better boy you're not a burden you can't
you want to jump up you go girl how
would they like okay you guys ready good
alright I make a phone call hi I have an
appointment this Friday I'm getting my
wisdom teeth out I'd like to have the
gas oh yeah thank you so much okay bye
I'm just getting things done left and
right to back from all the urns we went
to like 10 different places it was great
we got everything done and now I have to
do some work logical business paperwork
stuff and then I'm going to stream Red
Dead Redemption so I'm excited I got to
keep getting some some Oh being
productive and I'm pretty proud of it
because this weekend like recharge me so
nicely
some more amazing and defaulters for the
drone so I got these new filters from
polar Pro they sent me filters and I now
have filters for one sec the Mavic the
phantom 4 pro and all the inspire series
cameras so that's basically the x5
camera that comes on the inspire I've
been flying all of these drones because
DJI has been incredible for providing me
with different drones for different
projects they've treated me as like a
partner and it's been amazing
any of this is only possible because the
job but you guys know that I've flown
different drones for different projects
nematic for instance is my blogging run
this thing is tiny I can put it in my
fanny pack I can put in my pocket if I'm
weren't short so this is really easy as
a blogger to take with me anywhere I go
up this is a fan for pro after I flew in
Canada when I flew over the bridge and
it was snowing and freezing that was
perfect for that and then lastly I am
currently using the inspire this is the
inspire 1 Pro I am planning on shooting
with the inspire 2 very soon but it's
amazing to have all of these filters for
the lenses I've said this before but
using filters on camera lenses is one of
the most underrated things you could do
to improve the quality of what you're
shooting if it's so bright out we can't
shoot at a low aperture you can't shoot
with that cool depth of field make
things look really crisp because it's
all going to be blown out there's too
much light getting in the sensor with nd
filters your lenses are basically
wearing Sony's and so it stops the
amount of light coming and so that you
can open your aperture up very why and
for these drones it makes a difference
it just looks so much better and pull
the pro makes the best topic shout out
to polar Pro they also sent me this cool
thing
a rad back accent excuse for cameras and
drones like why can't I open it it's
locked
look at it that's crazy has a lock on
and then they send me this awesome wheel
carry case it's sort of specifically for
thematic crowd very appreciative of
polar Pro and sending me all these
accessories to make flying the drone
just how much better anyway I am going
to you know a Red Dead Redemption now I
got it baby this is what I'm going to
play on the stream because the second
version of this game comes out in the
fall and I want to play through
hopefully the whole game before that
comes out
