good morning I am right outside Collins
house
I'm on my way to finish up the final cut
laughing six Episode one very excited
about this yeah we're just going to
finalize some stuff and I'm a little
meeting well II remember one missing Oh
your business
she remembers always yeah Community
College three monkey I want you to do
who knew
did you ever go okay monkey is so
skittish give me much hey Julian why he
likes you either scare the county this
is English
are you doing you showing off now mother
slowly ring the bell ring the bell ring
the bell huger green help way to let
ring the bell ding ding what are you
waiting to purchase supplies wait for
sell right I need a shower
Ivan showers his bathrobe and it's
really internet high-five but don't
touch me that's ok have you many shops
before you know we stopped in a trailer
together thanks I got it
I think I'm back again I don't know I
felt like this the whole night and I
wound up a lead up oh yeah yeah no I was
like leaning I was like squished in
between those the sink in that cabinet
and the whole night I kept flipping and
like back in my er I was sleeping around
uh on that - but I need cuz every other
it was that Oregon we're very fickle too
Papapa murky are your noise make it no
idea little pissed turns it all right
you want to see the teeth
yeah you know so sorry to show you these
show your teeth show your teeth is a kid
alright so we officially wrapped up all
our notes on this project I just have to
color grade it and finish some titles
running at home but we are going live
when you're watching this vlog it will
be new that is when last-minute trips
episode one comes out it is going to be
at noon Friday February 24th can't even
tell you how excited I am
but you'll see later in the book
she's very prolific I want I want you I
want you whenever you smell this on a
battery yeah this for today's look look
at your positive how long was the last
time you turn your car on hi baby
okay now just put your finger touch that
hunger okay it's hot yeah I mean it's
really hot yeah
that means this battery I'm not even
going to turn it on you know if anything
if we can then I mean have the dealer
come here or I rather tow it out because
we're not even allowed to install but
right here I mean this battery is hot
and just collected so far that's all you
got to do that oh yeah I saw that
yeah that's not good that be just bad
how did you kill it it's not wasting
time with the time it just gassed up
inside and it just gets bubbled up and
we're not even allowed so strong oh my
god you don't put air out but yeah no
okay so you think but do you think for
right now we will touch it in any fight
it'll be fine I would not yet don't try
to turn it off in general yes I mean you
can listen feel it all L mean a free
particle dealers man you listen this
battery triple-a came out it smells like
rotten eggs the posts are hot car hasn't
been turned down two three four days
whatever end up the battery posts are ah
it's not going to blow up a nice what I
mean when I say blow I don't want you to
get scared I don't mean like it's going
to blow up and fire no I'm not going to
do that what it does is hop but it
throws at them
they would have to fall out of my box
going to 13 everything is a hidden loss
well I'll give us all Michael thanks a
lot I like what we're going to be right
now so I don't really have too much time
to explain but Jenna's battery just
almost exploded when we were shuttle
leaves so you're going on a little
vacation tonight for the weekend and we
were just packing the car to leave and
the car wouldn't turn on and then we
call triple-a they showed up the moment
they showed up to start to smell like
rotten eggs and he was like well red
flag that means your battery's gonna
blow and not like blow isn't like it was
more like a shorted battery but it can
really hurt you because it can like
spray battery acid in your face and so
we just kind of go with that whole thing
that's what that was
now we were trying to still leave and
figure out the car I'll talk to you the
morning
good morning from our little weekend
home for this weekend we're not home and
it feels so good
where's waking up and taking the view
and another short vlog but the reason
I'm ending it now is because we are
turning off and paying some time right
now the last-minute trips episode is up
and I don't normally get on the vlogs
until you guys I really really really
want you to go watch something that's
not the vlog that you're watching I
really want you guys to check it out
this has been such an insane project and
experience making and it's the first
project with my production company we
literally throw darn the map flew to a
place and made a video and spent all
week doing it and now it's up so you can
click in the description below you can
click right up here
and let me know what you guys think
really I really want to hear your
feedback anyway for now I'm going to be
a little bit off the grid so see you
guys next week and probably not check
should we head down the Truth or
Consequences maybe or since we're still
in town we could look up sue or Shia
LaBeouf as is art thing it looks like
it's like just past the 25 which is what
we got to take to get down to choose
their consequences so I say we go check
it out I think it's kind of cool and
part of the beauty of traveling
spontaneously is like some things being
underwhelming and I think it keeps you
kind of level Hey hold me down yeah that
was fun
