Wow good morning lady so we have
positioning our horn on there ah good
morning today is my day after arrival
back home from our last-minute trip to
New Mexico and I'm headed off to Jitsu
right now and that's likely going to be
the only place I go today because I'm
pretty much going to lock myself in a
room to try to get a good portion of
this edit done perhaps of one yesterday
when I got home even though I was in the
morning I kind of spent the whole day
just adjusting to being back home
hanging out of the dogs and nothing cuz
there was not much sleep to be had on
this trip but I want to give you guys a
blog home it'll be up at night but it
will be something I just didn't really
vogue yesterday cuz I was like dead
misleads me long for me today can I just
like strap a cup tie it yeah alright so
I'm back now back home and I got this
from the mail ah someone reached out to
me from this company as soon as I was
logged for electricity's time about my
windshield wipers sucking and the
company called scrub blade and they sent
me one of their platinum blade pair
things I'm gonna try to install it
supposedly if they're really beastly
winter letter frankly anything's better
than the ones I have right now so this
is a bit of a process so I'm going to do
this later
because I think Jenna wants to go to a
beauty supply store which is for a video
but I believe I'm joining that trip
though we're going on the G supply store
because it's Wednesday
there's wearing the shirt I got her from
Truth or Consequences this morning when
I was recording like my morning vlog
clip I had to do it twice because the
mic was just on top of like the core
business dangling by the side of a new
employee
in my time like this that's what I would
sound like if I didn't have a mic thanks
Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike
I literally just returned home from
Ridgid to throw them still wearing my
rash guard I still haven't showered
walking into the beasts flats or I get
some critic acrylic acrylic acrylic
acrylic plural acrylic so for those of
you office fans in there and that little
little mini mall is where Andy goes to
find his talent agent that's that office
right in there
then does this to me all day every day
here via Dunder Mifflin ice no b1 no no
but they're gonna say no you remember
your favorite officer uh yes our guest
be our guest be org and remember that
episode no see yeah yeah yeah yeah yet I
want to go and up and down okay we're
going to Sally by the way because the
other place didn't have a cry we need to
go far away all right not that
complicated they live underwater they
live in your intestines are called villi
I mean it Caroline
through the concrete consequences do not
for your hand in my life I did it
oh my god where did today go Wow right
so the rough cut number one has been
finished Jenna sat with me for most of
it and helped sandwiches very very nice
very very nice thank you for doing that
I love you yeah most of today's hours
were doing this and I finished a rough
cut and I sent it off to Colin and I
blocked him on Twitter and see what
happened but I really did want to get a
vlog up for you guys even though that
night and it was just a day of editing
I'm excited to show you guys this so
excited I've said this before it's going
on the logical channel youtube.com slash
classical hoping for Friday at this
point I think that's a possibility
yeah if you if Colin can get here
tomorrow if you guys wanted to shoot
another shot yeah we might need to shoot
one extra thing on if you think Friday's
a good possibility we will see very
stoked on it he'd be beep you will not
be sleepy tomorrow we're going on a
little vacation we planned it out and
we're going somewhere going to class to
get those ears video we're not going
eclairs like here's of you guys welcome
to last-minute shit bro declare oh don't
get my why was why was Shane doing that
episode videos
live Wow
