we're not sure what we're doing we're
not sure if it's going to work I know
actually I've no idea what we're doing
the only thing
Kirby's you know what's going on right
now
now we're closed another go Ichi little
behind all the way to the airport
because we planned a trip today for
today although I are taking an extremely
last-minute trip to Truth or
Consequences New Mexico this is the
logical inaugural video-content series
whatever you want to call it we've had
this idea is to make a last-minute trip
a series for a long time and we finally
pull the trigger and we just live stream
and now we literally bought tickets on
the last three meters dart at a parking
map and we're going to vehicle right now
so just to clarify what's going to
happen in xe8 we are going to shoot an
entire video specifically for this
series we're shooting our law school the
video will live on logical on the
channel on the website whatever and I'm
going to push really hard to let you
guys know when that's out so you can go
watch that but I will also be vlogging
behind behind the scenes sort of a fly
on the scene so we're going to save the
juicy goodness for the last-minute trip
potential video so get excited for the
last minute of video these larger just
to try to keep you posted on how are
things going what's happening and just
to kind of stay true to our style of
vlogging recording our job so choose
their cause lenses here we come we have
made it inside the airport stops we have
any all day and it's almost 4:00 we're
starving we're having a beer I'm food
and we're hopping on apply' we have a
big layover Phoenix and we should get
into Albuquerque around we are here we
are doing this there's no going back now
play hard to explain what I'm feeling
like my brain is moving a mile a minute
right now and oh this is odd you can uh
all right so we landed in Phoenix and we
have close to a four-hour layover that
mini layover and so we have to kill the
Sun looks perfectly well now it's just
about waiting we should get into
Albuquerque or on my night probably a
little later
should we just seriously
I'm Julie Sony somebody suggested if
we're in the Phoenix Airport that we
should check out the Phoenix Sky Harbor
that's the name of the air force and so
then I proceeded to go into the front
say hey where is the Phoenix Sky Harbor
computers like that's the name of the
airport
so essentially you have where the
airport
it allows yes
me I don't have to touch that out are we
doing here in Phoenix Arizona on a
layover on our way to church classic
western New Mexico because why not truth
our conflicts for you true
shooters off control hey God don't
are you guys hearing yeah oh my god what
is up
we saw your thing hi goodbye okay thank
you so much thank you beautiful why are
we because you threw a dart and after I
landed my dad of a valley fever they're
all my family members are buried so are
you both being serious or what is open
areas I tell you about the studio - we
didn't notice your killer could have fun
okay was that like everyone not to do it
because it was never going to make feel
comfortable okay yeah I know what
happened here yeah here we go
also novel Turkey so he's really lot of
yeah thank you for doing so we just got
you Albuquerque and we are on our nine
of today's travel and we showed up to
this and a whole bunch of things family
which I realize how much I needed that
right now whole bunch of ink start up
the airport brothers aside now an hour
pumped up right
I guess it wouldn't be a last-minute
trivet this didn't happen so now I'm
here so dollar of clothes and that's
where we booked our rental car from
which is super cool
we're bombing because they're like man
now we gotta like give you as of renting
on a car and it's way more expensive for
a small little Yaris
that we were going to get but James
Davis just hooked us up same prices
regard hyung you know with any other way
this could not be happening
all right that's the sound of good wait
hello dude Jesse Pinkman get yeah yeah
no no I'm walked on it well all right
for what you hear they burned it a whole
fucking Junior right now we got to do a
full photo shoot like fucking hip hop
album we are one hundred and fifty
percent going to take this Ford Mustang
to a trailer park right here okay we'll
be okay it's fine
also can I get two double decker tacos I
think they cut their house probably the
size of like a living room
and am cut out just like people and
they're terrified to scare the sherry
everyone yeah a fortune here yeah pretty
Holly shared this is unreal it's
definitely home sweet oh yeah look at
their three-bedroom carefully this is
actually a bunk bed missing slides out
and put the mattress on top but there's
no way that's supporting us and there's
no room like you can't sit you can't
stay up on I even get up there so cause
I was trying to fashion himself a down
on the floor well I'd say it pretty
goddamn successfully to growth it isn't
it at this point you can take whatever
victories you can fuckin blustered also
I plugged in my power cube and pretty
shirts and shorts all trailer
nailed it oh shit you did that'd be
super cozy super comfy which is it super
cool just killed me we are going to try
to get them sleep now and get to
tomorrow so we can adventure around New
Mexico can you just agree how ridiculous
this car looks out here
hey at least if we need to like get in
the quick progress will because I
remember first Inc in Truth or
Consequences if here's our car is giving
us a way I don't know why it seems when
I get blending in but yeah they saw the
car and they start walking on three
Lindsey in Austin came from El Paso
Texas so we gave them a waffle thicker
neither your grandma because this is how
the fuck we roll
