hmm this rain has been crazy
absolutely not stolen Lucifer hit Los
Angeles last night and is the morning
after the wind we're probably the
craziest part it's so windy trees were
blown over there was a goddamn sinkhole
in the valley cars fell in it very
insane very wild so everything is soaked
and I believe it's going to continue
raining throughout the day the reason
I'm up so early which faces and verily
press 7 we need to take Kermit of that
he's gotta get a whole bunch of tests
done he's been having stomach and liver
issues we and that looked at today isn't
eaten from 8:30 last night please he had
to fast for these tests can they not
being we're leaving about 15 min is good
take them over there and we're back here
for like the whole day getting some
stuff done but also just kind of waiting
around for criminal cuz we don't want to
go too far I think a drone dropped off
today a drone that I have not found yet
and it's for our project cooking
tomorrow then finally Frankel
one day we'll get through this all right
bud cool car
not Social Work school does it go under
from earlier on this guy how we can hear
them from when you get in here with a
cat meows Rupert Eddie you're a leash no
your groceries love you bud you're right
Hermiston de+ dropped them off picking
them up probably at like 7:00 tonight
first day of a song free any that burger
third soldier these are incredible
made a quick stop at hoping we got a
couple patient
these are the white house I like
probably sign over here and it's where
we got a team outside exactly from here
in another life
anyway weird we are containers and
a breakfast and these beyond burgers
which are plantation burger patties made
by beyond evils and new we try to new
tonight Who am I it keeps it exactly
like a traditional burger patty
and we had to have fun not good for you
now breakfast doesn't stuff as some days
are no long back home
Cody Luigi I would you stop by around
for the drone drop and nurse today we're
coming in and waited we might heart out
today but
waiting for the Kerman sentiment already
is so pointy like Herman he's so quiet
mostly timer on the out so when he's
gone it wasn't significant how'd you
shake this was actually really good
still raining out though that is not you
being a crock coupon something I love
this I love this weather fast we're
coming home to 180 yeah where's your
brother huh
would you brother eight we just podcast
it and I was a good one
it was a very very important one I think
if it's about the Felix PewDiePie
situation and I don't think by the time
this vlog is up podcast will be ready
but when it is up I highly suggest if
you have a moment go listen it's this
whole situation is very crazy which is a
lot of podcast about it anyway on the
other side of things and focusing in
here
this boy right here is called the
inspire one pro so I do plan on shooting
eventually with the inspire 2 which just
came out I'm starting with the inspire 1
Pro to get a feel for the inspire flight
system this is a whole new system of RC
flight so this is going to be with us
tomorrow and the next day I don't know
where though we'll have to see oh you
know I don't you and she's going stuff
I'll be there good show Sookie oh my god
Julie you're like a different dog
when you we're ready for who came out
split baby
desktop all the way up it feels like a
day now it's early afternoon Debbie came
by with guilty who was a fantastic new
haircut and I'm putting together
vlog I'm getting some equipment ready
and doing a few other things but I
wanted to upload this vlog for you
because I missed yesterday so here is a
weekend vlogs Paige has a special
message for you to what L mean can we do
try to feature how I roll over them no
lovin fellow um oh that's why I guess
well then it will get better
