hello there I am already now I can
proceed with my day today have been a
whole wild quarter of different things
happening that I didn't plan on or
really want to do one of which is
dealing with my mouth
let's sit outside could it beautiful all
right now
I woke up this morning and I realized it
had been like a week by the way I've
heard you very loud and clear that
putting Teatro directly on my mouth very
dangerous and I appreciate your concern
everything's okay stop this indicator on
outside I realized very quickly this
morning that it's been like a week and
I've done any better so far removed our
heat so I got my way to a dentist got
seen and it turns out my wisdom teeth
are pointing directly outward they're
growing into my other teeth and pointing
into my cheek and so this one is kind of
clipped my cheek to the point where it's
like irritated and it's just kind of
jabbing it over so looks like I'll have
to get my wisdom teeth out can it happen
in a few weeks I'm not very excited for
it
you guys are probably excited for it
because would be a chipmunk with a vlog
camera after that problem I'm off to
breakfast and we had a nice meal out
together which was really necessary I
haven't seen her in a while and we get
to food and I brought Pete just not
going to the restaurant
all the while mind you this is like pre
caffeine it was early in the morning
dentist appointment time it's up like
four five hours so it's been a while
back now it's the evening and I have to
make a trip to target to go get some
things and I don't really want to leave
the house I don't really want to do
anything I have to go get these things
you wanna come with me Jenna slept even
less and makes she was up at anchor fire
ass video move to boost BB B smush will
push one other thing is I finally
christened our home jujitsu mats today
my body came over and we trained like it
was normal and it was cool it was like a
lot of space it works perfectly and
we've had this for like a year now so
I'm happy to finally use them so really
not enough will be okay are you excited
for me to get my wisdom teeth out
I'm sweet we got to find some vegan Java
we got to find some something that
tastes a little better than tell may be
vegan mashed potatoes
I don't know he like cools your mouth
this Saturday we were taking Kermit into
the vet for pretty long he's going to be
there kind of all day to get a bunch of
test run on him checking out his liver
and a bunch of other things so that's
happening which means Friday at 9:00
p.m. he has to stop he isn't really just
putting off to the trick target there is
a fly my my keep your heart oh my god
you were so cute this morning
I just remembered okay let me just act
this out Jenna Jenna slept like no hours
last night like very little sleep she
had worked all night on her video and
she was asleep
and I was trying to wake her up I'm
normally really good at waking her up so
I always tell her to sit up so she won't
like this she was like I was like maybe
sit up baby sit up so she sat up and you
went like this and you went like this
and you like open your eyes and you
literally stayed here and then just fell
back asleep you were completely out it
was like the cutest thing ever
yeah you like stood up and then you like
passed out right now and then fell it
fell down to the pillow and I was like
okay I'll let her sleep a little more
I know you were out like you were so
tired yeah it's a movie night
no we watched interstellar the other
night also it was I told you we watched
arrival and until you watch interstellar
afterwards arrival was good interstellar
was fucking great that was an incredible
film and I loved it and I mind fucked by
it and I want to watch it again
do you off to target now before I put it
off any longer getting a few things for
something that's happening very very
soon like within the week soon and you
guys will find out about that it's so
fucking exciting so stay tuned also
speaking of which I got a handful of
lost achill stickers so these things are
pretty sweet I was actually considering
live streaming and I might give some of
these away on the live stream that might
be fun
so it is meant to rain tomorrow actually
tonight it's supposed to start and I
feel like the night before rain is just
a much more cozy peaceful night I don't
know like the air gets crisper which is
cool yeah I'm almost a target for some
reason there's a lot of traffic this
parking lot right now is so congested
but I found the spot I shouldn't have to
buy the trot here let us go wash on out
because I'm trying to find Tom on that
and I thought I had the right section
that I was going to but then apparently
they switched up like the whole store
clothes on so I got to find where the
art or science section used to be now it
moved to so a map is a pretty obscure
thing to be just going to the gone a
because who has a digital map anymore to
be because who is a physical map anymore
that's the mysterious part the ambiguous
part we'll have to figure out later very
soon I should say God it is a bitch to
find to know what not so why would you
have done a block I have no idea where
to find one I have a giant cart all the
space in the world and one tiny thing in
it frustrating if I looked online there
was all these different maps none
literally not a single map it was just
crane and random pictures and dish yeah
I need a map bring me back to 1995 right
now I need a map
so this is a vlog about how buying
outdated items that really are of no use
aside from aesthetic purposes now is
impossible and hard and a headache and
why am i doing the riveting story trying
to find a map I will find one though it
must get done so it will get done maybe
just not tonight or at Target and it is
now also that part of the video where I
complain about how hungry I am because
hunger ever like on set like zero to 100
for you I'm like completely fine not
even about food and then oh my god if I
don't eat right now like I like I might
die and for the finale of my excursion
for something irrelevant vlog
and windshield wipers are still fucked
because I haven't fixed them
