to make it look like the dolls have been
cooking and you're done papi are you
guys watching are you watching this we
just got home what are you watching we
turn this on
guys this is weird how did you even work
the chromecast you subscribe to this
channel she can be Snowdown yes she can
that's what's like peach down I cook
that she used to giant body like a wedge
him almost okay for real marble turn
this off I don't know what that is but
it needs to stop I'm gonna take you
outside cuz the lighting in our house is
just so depressingly
Tim it is Heike beautiful alright I
wanted to show you this cool box that I
got in the mail from my friends at DJI
so cool it makes the drone noise
when I open the box
that's demo propeller shaped paper clips
it's basically formatted like a like a
Happy New Year like a postcard but in
the style of like blueprint instructions
for their drugs it's a notebook and
account and then lastly feel like it's a
bag yeah it's like a DJI backpack that
folds up into a pouch that's very very
so shouts out to DJI for this awesome
gift new year bag
having worked with DJI on the extent
that I did last year I have to say that
they are the absolute coolest company
that I've gotten to work with and I'm so
excited to to do more stuff with them
especially because of how much you guys
have enjoyed the way that they've
brought me into the fold with different
projects and the spark and kind of
everything we did I actually might have
to put one of these stickers on my
laptop because I brought my laptop into
the Apple store and they had to replace
the whole top plate of it which means
all my stickers are gone anyway quick
update on me I've been um sort of m.i.a
the last couple days I had a weird
episode recently and I talked about it
on the podcast a little bit on my
snapchat but basically I had I think
just a really horrible celiac reaction
to some food I'm like 80% sure that's
what happened the only reason why I'm
not a hundred percent sure is because
the pain that I was in was massive and
debilitating and like pretty much the
worst stomach pain I've ever had which
isn't the normal case for when I get
reactions anytime I get flare-ups it's
not that bad it's bad but it's not like
it was this this time so I'm still kind
of like recovering from that cuz it
really just like wore me out it like
took it out of me for the rest of the
day and I still feel it right now so but
I'm feeling a lot better I think the
other 20% chance is that I possibly have
something else going on which I might
just go see a doctor and have them tell
me but we are about to make dinner and
this is a meal that we've been really
keen on lately
it is a vegan version of the famous
penne alla vodka recipe which if you are
a pasta person like I am you know what
that is
so I figured I would share that with you
because it's like one of the only
recipes that we haven't blasted in your
face
like 800 times I'm never getting this
back into this couch there's literally
no way that's happening right I got it
back in yeah yeah I don't know the
original poster is that I found a
YouTube channel called burp memes bir be
verb memes talking parrot creates
hilarious shopping list on Amazon echoes
it's like it's very very funny you have
19 items on your shopping list
poetry strawberries strawberries
strawberries funny jennasmith obsessed
was watching burb burb videos lately to
be fair they are very entertaining but
there are some birds that are just
absolutely crazy alright now that you
watched your high pop video are you
ready to cook some dinner yeah you know
we like this recipe really not that
healthy but this is the kind of quality
of ingredients that you need for this
recipe penny of your choice vodka
omen.oh
whole peeled tomatoes Italian spices red
pepper salt white onion fresh garlic and
Cashner's you should link the Pinterest
cuz it's that girl's recipe it's we
I'm gonna copy and paste that recipe on
to my pincher my recipe you take a cup
of cash yeah I'm gonna make the thing
you're basically making like a heavy
cream okay you don't if you don't have
like a Vitamix or a high-powered blender
you can soak the cashews but like I
think it's a half a copper 3/4 cup of
milk or something two sinks like coming
off of the sink
all right good enough stop stop stop
stop it
every month uh
I was trying to get a quick shot of me
chopping when did you make it no don't
do not do not when did you make your
first video question what 10 years ago
see even do this for you do you ask me
if my camera was recording like you
couldn't tell
triggered forgiveness oh my god there's
a joke okay so we're gonna do here hey
let me cut your hair like that I don't
want to cut your hair like that so bad
alright now you gotta watch this because
that's the stuff this is the most
important part of my week and you're
just gonna take your cloth oh don't be
careful as they like spew out everywhere
you got a feel for the pits when you get
to the pit you pull out though these are
Californian Tomatoes if it's born and
raised in California oh my god me baby
 lazy when will she come out four
eyes and one thing beside spin around
like she's on a merry-go-round its life
it's not a merry-go-round so that's it
now you just eat the water and you're
good you're gonna take a kilogram of
pasta taking butter our nice little
olive oil right here like I said it's
really good for you so it's two
tablespoons of butter and two
tablespoons of olive oil and then you're
gonna put in the way onion fresh chopped
garlic and you know what else your
weakness is to you never let onions
clarify you're like you throw them in
there they sizzle for a second on high
like they're not supposed to and then
you don't let them get nice and
translucent you're just like they're
done I don't need eleven Julianne make
sure you cook the onions and garlic on
medium until the cheese well to give you
my side of the story I don't let them
clarify because they understood them the
first time
it's manner pace goes in
all right now we're gonna get the vodka
ready to get drunk
good old Tito's and you're gonna pour it
in the pan so that's why do we put the
bug in gives it a nice flavor cooks the
alcohol down and you get hammered all
right we season the sauce with some salt
and pepper
let it cook down for like five minutes
and in a second we're gonna add the
cream put the pasta in and then put a
little cheese on top and then we're
gonna eat our dinner because it is the
time of day what you eat dinner all the
beauty that's all the beauty's theme
song this you're spotting a lady
well the recipe is now finished and it
is time to eat this masterpiece I highly
suggest you to making this recipe
because it's delicious it only takes
like 30 minutes absolutely not for you
get out of the human chair
go you guys are not welcome at the
dinner table
