hmm my turtle you little turtle more
guys it is Valentine's Day
we just had some special little
Valentine's breakfast we had bagels and
Donna because even though we were eating
like shit all weekend
valentine's Day is never a good day to
start your diet you may go for wal K
later with these little one got rid of
all the bloom and we just watched a
react video so I was getting a couple
comments about this but if you guys
watch the react video and we're a little
like you know underwhelmed look how few
clips or left there were I just want to
say that we have zero control over that
we go in and film and then we leave and
then whatever happens and gets really
happens and so we wish we were in it
more especially because I think we
recorded a rig like a really good
Iranian funny moment anyway I Shonda let
you guys know that we had no control
over that with all peaches fall off
tonight really go into much detail about
it yesterday but what news do and Lana
came over we have really really fun time
hanging out with them after they
finished shooting and I discovered that
Lana and I went to high school together
one year apart
it had no idea and so we were just like
talking about high school which is wild
we had like similar friends and
everything but they were mad cool and
tell us what I think what what one of
you wrote in the comments yesterday
washed marbles looks like a rat that is
insensitive today's been the most
relaxing happy and necessary day it's a
very very long time
we've literally just been enjoying each
other hanging out on the couch watching
movies eating food spending time with
the dogs looking at potential getaway we
just watched arrival and I really liked
it I thought that it threw me off nice
and good great story and beautiful but
it's funny like normally we you know
every Valentine's Day it's like we made
it almost a tradition to where we cook
dinner together and we do something out
in the world today it was really nice
for us to just like have this mental
health day and just kick it on the couch
and eat our food and hang out it's been
really nice seeing it's been a wonderful
Valentine's Day
sounds like models need to go in the
kitchen
Center it feels like he deserved to be
carried in my right but that's from
earlier these look cool in this light
this has been like the most relaxing
Valentine's Day I was just saying you
know nice when you're on the same
wavelength with your person
come get your flops our feature huh
Carly does it taste good right Kermit
love the slop got to see my brother
I haven't seen him in a while he came
over last night and he stayed the night
he's still here actually fresh brothers
I never told you guys but just like you
warned me it's just like I'm the tornado
of life I drink too much orange juice
and I knew this was going to happen but
I got a pretty bad canker sore into my
mouth and I've been dealing with it and
I recently got this today which I said
hoof of who freely really loves the
video I didn't even watch it with just
saying teacher Ellen canker sores Mel's
life Joey let me try this it's like all
the way in the back of my mouth near
like my molars on the fin it's been
killing me for days that's my remedy
what it really burns though it's very
wild so pull my finger and it's nasty
like it burns it has an extreme flavor
but I touch them in earlier and then
like five minutes after it and kind of
dissipated the taste away
it was almost numb that's so great so
that's been working hopefully in a few
days I'll be able to drink or eat again
though because I'm sick of not drinking
orange juice
ever since I drank like three gowns and
five days this is what peach does she
watched them eat because her food is a
separate meal that she showed us that
she is in half they did then you eat
this food no you don't none discipline I
dropped this camera or whatever y'all
think I dropped it when we were in
Toronto
ever since then there's been a dead
pixel like right around here if I want
to do you find it do you guys see a dead
pixel somewhere so it's Jenna's niece's
birthday soon and we bought her some
presents five re-fly bar
like a piece of foam with like a cord
that you can like jump on yeah really
silly free run and I'll plank it the
shape like a mermaid tail name is on
prime nut shit so it's going to get to
their house by her birthday which was
wonderful this is our mac and cheese
that we've been eating good morning Wow
Wow so I woke up today didn't know where
I was and totally forgot about meeting I
had and Jitsu and everything i luckily
made it adjust to and now I'm all ready
to go to this meeting Colin and I have a
meeting today we're going to deejay at
4:00 meeting
sorry excited about that but yeah it was
like last night and yesterday like just
chilling and having time with Jenna was
like the best thing I could have asked
for so on to the meeting now going to be
like a day and a half vlog because
sometimes is Alex you're here up the
nasty peach you fucking that old side
hey what the fuck unload our first
meeting don't think you some supervisors
you today you're low-energy give me out
of ten how much energy and I never never
to look at you or I then how about you
just shut your eyes there you're going
to go for whatever today was very good
meeting it was it I'm low energy today
that's funny it's not like you have like
mention it like thirty times yet so was
the meeting okay or retired I'm thinking
when I retire dude let's get to the kind
of guys something to retire no you just
have to be doing something station and
um retiring Pew your platform no you
understand you're my monkey man check
out the new light hmm we just got
realized lights that make our real
thanks to Lucy and Lana for showing us
these lights feet are the noise actually
they're not into it
there's a brightness that's it for me
actually
