what should I just go like that's my
glasses yeah so cute with that I'm gonna
shirt
tell us why you're wearing this shit cuz
Brooklyn cultural fine brothers react
that are so special couples Valentine's
Day edition and we happen to have
matching ro shirts because somebody gave
ombre us yes I have line right here
we're legit gonna shop at the fine
brothers
it is a Valentine's Day couple additions
so I think it'll be appropriate if
matching is ever appropriate it's today
looks so cute so there wasn't vlogging
happening last night but we did have a
lot of friends over and I had a really
really fun time yeah we had a whole
bunch of people Tom Elijah Michaela
fuckin Meghan McCarthy everyone stop by
it was fun somehow I woke up pretty
hungover and clean clothes so we can
have a proper Sunday now almost time to
leave we have to go to youtubers react
in like 30 minutes
so we're gonna head over there we're
shooting an episode what huh
and then we're going to get back and
probably hang out with Chris and chance
more because they leave in a few days
actually when you're watching this
they'll have left peach go aside we're
gonna eat today it's cheat meal
something's oh why you should do that is
he behind us what are you doing
you look great oh yeah you did I think
we were ready to go fucking candle
classic candle it's not time to get lit
guys see y'all fools later pretty cool
yeah
you may react yes yeah here yeah we're
tired well figured I honestly I don't
know if I would be able to do this alone
today like I needed you to be doing this
with me otherwise I probably couldn't do
it today that's true for every day hey
hi how's it going
see I smell oh and there's you and then
there's me I've been in here together
with Tom hey Kyle just meet you man and
I can see it hey you good been here one
time so gender you'll be right up here
like as close as a candy and then Julian
you'll like slide back parallel here
we're gonna be doing an episode about a
trend called relationship goals okay
okay you've done this you've literally
done exactly this what is Mario doing in
the back you call me wife and we're not
married
that's a joke it's funny when I say you
marry me you did marry me marry me marry
me you made me will you marry me first
yeah representative like that since you
guys are a couple whose relationship is
in the public eye as well and people
have said that you guys are relationship
goals when you see that how does that
make you guys feel if you're done thank
you so much for coming out yeah yeah
we done we reacted we came we reacted we
conquered tell me saw and then we left
and now we're gonna eat that's how it
goes right
btv Vinci was that fun Oh fun fact it
videos out now you can go watch that
it's out right now it's Valentine's Day
couples react go check it out it's a
good one
now we're gonna proceed with our Sunday
which will have all food and dogs what's
it gonna be I was literally just holding
marble and I kissed him and I said let's
wash him and John I said okay so we're
gonna wash him like our little toy gonna
get washed toy no W you're not getting
watch you want to go get wash probably
you want to go to the spa we just
remembered it's way easier to wash
marbles in the sink because he's so tiny
so if you like a hot dog
put the mustard on I got it oh you
getting baby bun so feel good yeah your
filthy fucking animal oh god stop
mmm Wow mommy's watching you good this
is so good chicken a roast our guy
most people don't you look kind of
shampoo we working with this is called
the I can't focused plane roof so he
shampoo I love dogs I want to live on
the Isle of Dogs this is at your house
one two three four I love dark
the apartment number Lord Chancellor
apartment number no one else lives here
apartment number at the only person each
literally knowing about you maybe you
should just go on go that way I wish
there was like a tap flat function like
there is on the drums but for peach so
I'm just like go over there and then she
just flies out it this is the little
assault drying towel then block those
handles on the inside to like grab it's
so awesome
by the way there is let's watch him how
you feeling bud nice and cool oozing hey
daddy mom parents are so tell us we're
making over here
so we're making a delicacy okay I'm an
expert at this I've spent all of 30
minutes doing it in my life Wow and it's
crispy rice with spicy baked tuna
where's the spicy pick tuna right here
so we mix it in a bowl mix in a bowl now
we're going to plate it up
gotcha gotcha if you little exterior
b-roll Costas case I'm gonna widen you
over here - all right do a little flip
maybe put it in later don't work that
bowl perfect cut that shit fuck very
nice presentation lit today is a sort of
our cheat meal day and I literally just
on a whim decided I want to try to make
a spicy tuna crispy rice since I got the
spicy tuna sort of down with the
tomatoes I kept that recipe the same
then all I did was I made some sticky
rice and formed him in a little two by
one in general rectangles at hand fried
them for like two minutes on each side
with sesame oil it became like a crispy
rice bed and then I put it on top and
that's what I got so it's a really
simple tweak to the sushi I already
showed you but it is delicious and it's
very easy
s√£o paulo zoo and Lana came over
because they're filming a project and
they won't John had to be a part of
itself tell me in the living room right
now and Paige is making all the fucking
noise
we were trying to leave to get some
coffee but our security system makes
noise every time you open a door alright
you want to explain Hirsch I explained
ok so Jenna got tweeted up did relax
Jack I got tweeted a picture of Nick
Diaz his bag of weed said jenna Marbles
on it so I think the weed was called
Jenna Rafa that's on his couch and so
Jenna just got added on snapchat on
ideas and now she has a snapchat instead
he fucking snapchat where is it it
literally said snapchat from Nick Diaz
did you not see this you heard that wait
you see man I tried to leave the tweet
asking Jay next week on what the fuck
just happened
what are you write what do you baby you
think you're good weed you are you a
good weed I make a great week I am a
weed what what in tarnation bring your
phone back in here boy I don't see it
who is this Oh a sure Sam wait
delete delete delete delete Big D are
silly snapchatted a picture of a bag of
weed that says jennamarbles on it people
screenshot that actual snapchat tweeted
at Jenna Jenna geeks out fangirls tweets
about it
so then we're waiting for him so max is
adorable this is how it ends i won
Jenna's favorite fighter in the world
just said that basically Nick Diaz smoke
some weed called jenna Marbles and
that's the moral of the story and that's
what's important
happy Valentine's Day
