good morning I am eating chili mango and
pineapple and it's amazing but I got cut
my gum today training and so it's like a
burst of flavor and amazingness and that
burst of pain let it's worth it I'm
going to power through it
colin is coming over for a meeting
they're having a meeting in here my
super professional office talked about
calling and Julian thinks I'm just like
looking around the room thinking of how
I can fuck with him he kind of asked for
right I mean pretty much everything he
does is asking for it I'm going to keep
eating this painful meal so I forgot
lime juice on it delicious but again
terrible for my situation here Wednesday
how are you supposed to solve a like
legit of what a Rubik's Cube wow do you
hello don't be an idiot I don't know no
no yeah solve it right now or you're
done I don't know how oh actually like a
language a second fans oh look at that
comment just fuckin shitty she's out
you're not shitty these are tiny and new
non-consciously are you going to mention
why you cook oh my god that's right what
okay none look at my mustache he cut his
moustache and then evenly it looks conic
lesson here is don't even have a
mustache too thorough get away from my
fucking check get up with a head kick
you again yeah I want to tell you
everything we just accomplished but I
can't yet but very soon oh I'll tell him
right hey would we start a company trade
me i everything done alright we were
shelling to Disney
however guy it's done oh shit glad glad
I need to be serious
who are you talking to you how did the
upload go from 8 percent to 1 percent we
just invented faster we invented on
upload oh that's cool Oh see tight tight
cookie mustache - oh great
alright we just decided that right now
we are going to announce this I just
wanted to tell you guys I mean claw you
bleep this your head gone gray main
columns are the companies called wha
circle productions it's a thing I'm
alive a couple things you'll know this
is I repurposed my second channel which
was basically just a living real my and
our work which are you doing you can lay
down okay seriously lay the fuck down oh
I repurposed our second channel into the
wasp circle channel whose account is on
if I touch the button Oh Janice Don
doing it you can follow our production
company here this is it we're wafak Ilan
everything logical calm logical in all
social we are just finally going live
with everything cuz we've been working
for a few months now to get it up and
running and that's that's the news
that's what I want to tell you we
started a company waffle because he's
Kali waffle and I'm a popsicle so we
combined it and that's our fucking
company's name it took us eight meetings
to come up with that name just no jokin
come out it took us literally realizing
that no one would ever want that name on
anything so we could easily have it
lots of oppresses exist no you know yeah
if you should go search it more likely
it's a waffle pop - yeah it's like a
waffle maker but you put a stick in it
but I mean dude we got a cord of the
market on that now that we have obstacle
comm what are they gonna do alright
anything ice agent Lee I'll bleep most
of what you say in fact I'm gonna blur
your face right now okay blurry why did
I go into business
we laughing you ever do dude
I call must and I just remembered
something our awesome friend Ali who
works at Google Japan and we hung out
with when we were in Tokyo gave Jenna
and myself gifts when she visited a few
months ago Genesis for her birthday and
mine was for a million subs I just
remember that I haven't opened it so oh
hell yeah boy drama that I can eat this
is a face mask with Marvel characters on
it like the ones we bought in Japan
oh hell yeah the gudetama towel all
they're so sick how he is so awesome Ali
for watching this thank you so much I
love this gudetama towel I'm supposed to
open at right when I had nothing subs I
totally forgot about it so sorry
thank you anyway Chris and chin are
going to come over later on tonight
we're gonna hang out it is their last
night they're leaving tomorrow
also here's another look at my new shoes
which I fucking love they're my new
ultra boot pretty fucking sight
I feel ultra boosted what is it
No
it does feel like eating bigger hungover
Chris cosplay Oh God
we are awake that's Chris he's hungover
like me
sit down probably worse he drink
champagne last night because Chris
brought us champagne and I didn't even
say this in a vlog Chris brought over a
bottle of Blue Label which is an amazing
whiskey that I up in gateway the Angels
I gave it all the angels and you were
like dude you gotta try it and we did
and it was fucking good yeah super
smooth we should drink that right now
probably I guess feel better i man I
don't know love that I'm crying over
your cosplay pretty good gospel good
Jenna cosplay I fuckin love bagels you a
bagel dude yeah give a go fuck yeah
together a mimetic little after go
excited you just got me brother bagels
bagels
alright war during bagels just wanted to
say I'm very excited about logical and
excited for you guys to follow along
with what we do feel free to tweet
obstacles or me any questions that you
might have about it you'll learn more
and more in the coming weeks and blogs
about what we're doing and the projects
we have going on and everything like
that but just very excited have a good
weekend time just make that up
yeah with an original recover yeah we're
doing you are your mom you literally
just search bagel on post name oh my god
you
