this is why putting a real together
looks like digging through all the old
fucking jobs right now
hello dink sound creation Jenna has a
creation or education visit because
coconut curry hummus a veggie burger
tomato little cheese kidney beans
that's delicious I kind of want it but
instead I have my lovely cold-pressed
oranges because it's another day as you
can see I'm sitting in a mess of
terabytes of footage because the last
two days I've spent editing two
different sort of real videos one is for
South by Southwest the video is going to
play before the panel starts to
introduce me and I wanted it to be good
because people in real life are going to
be looking at it and then I'm there I
spent a lot of time yesterday on that
and I'm starting I started another one
last night for another thing which you
guys will know about but this is almost
all the footage that I have my computer
just recently pooped out of me I guess I
didn't tell you guys about this on the
plane ride home from Lethbridge my
computer completely just stopped working
I was editing and it literally froze and
it was freaking out I had a video it
looks like this it was like freaking out
and so jen has been so kindly letting me
use her computer while my new one is
shipped to us so I have all these
different adapters for my drives but
it's going well and I'm happy with what
it's looking like I'm just home from
jujitsu noun
little thing around me are familiar face
and I'm going to work out a little bit
and I have a meeting to go to it to -
I've been meeting it too - what are you
doing playing a nailing the game so
industry this is me I want to play it on
a stream like this posole
and my meeting is now cancelled which
happens so that means I don't have to
run out which I'm actually kind of
excited about because I really just want
to finish this so today I'm
live-streaming
on my youtube channel later tonight I
think that's the plan and I don't think
I've ever live streamed on YouTube the
common hat suck in me problems hat at
least on my channel I did a mushroom
with Josh allows only released that
video we did but yeah I don't think I've
ever done the last year myself and I
figured since you know this whole
weekend and a lot of Monday we spent
editing Tuesday's vlog I would live
stream do like a live Q&A which I'm
pumped about we'll see how it goes I'm
actually thinking about using our twitch
streaming setup and just entering my
YouTube stream key so that I have the
same looking set up but audio better
video who knows we'll see though
one other thing a lot of you guys have
been tweeting at me about this pin and
saying that you didn't get it and you
wanted it because of that we're going to
restock the Valentine's popsicle pin
obviously the restock won't be shipped
in time for Valentine's Day because we
were just aiming for the first run to
get in time but we will be stocking them
what are you doing yeah Congrats
sorry I left you in the car there for a
little while we were back home and I
just finished where all the lights
yellow looks looking weird okay Google
turn the lights in the living room
bright white okay thank you google
all right stop talking shit so the live
stream was actually really fun and good
and easy
I used basically the same setup as we do
for our twitch channel and it worked
pretty great I'm going to check out the
replay a little bit looks when Jenna
came in sorry eating pickles
it's bloated how do you know I don't
feel that night ruining my day and
YouTube is still broken
so today everyone's freaking out because
there are a few channels just math
losing subs even to the point of like
going to negative subscribers which is
terrified so stream is negative 1500
stuff Blizzard never been done yeah it
is kind of a crazy first time for
hydride how are you driving your drive
school drives me to drive alright
there's now time to make some food for
dinner because we hungry and John and I
are making different things ladies for
what are you making I'm making my own
food so what she just said is I'm making
mac and cheese but she's making it
actually really healthy so she's got the
pasta would compete and I know it's
because I'm hungry I'm waiting for the
onion to get here this is onion is on
its way here it's running very fast on
the street along the south cashews
nutritional yeast turmeric nutmeg smoked
paprika salt pepper and then you put the
butternut squash and onions we boil them
and then you take some VALIC with
vegetables and put them in there you
make a cheese sauce and when I'm making
it sushi
this is my second attempt to clamp a
spicy tuna just to show you the setup
real quick because I'm waiting for an
ingredient to my sushi rice that's just
been cooked and it's just staying on
warm marinade for the tomatoes this is
what the tomato people marinated it soy
sauce sriracha ginger sesame oil chili
oil kelp powder and love and love
all right we're going to take our
tomatoes and we're just going to
literally cut a slit in them so the peel
can come off in the boiling water and
let them boil until the skin starts
falling off and then I'm going to scoop
them out and boy it's a mess our tuna
and then we're going to cut it up and
marinate it
whoa well it's already coming off thank
you literally cook the tomatoes for 10
seconds
take them out of our I'm gonna finish
appealing but take the rest of the skin
off and the recipe calls for two
scenarios
so naturally I doubled it for one person
me either playing alright so if you've
ever had tuna funky or psychic you know
you're going to cut the tomatoes into
little chunks sizes like you would find
in that which way your dinner I don't
know you have to little walk by
reception it's one of a little cut on it
okay oh oh
knocks I think come on honey let me see
okay she seems better or door windo yeah
mostly that box and knock down the chair
yeah she like pretty good okay well you
have to play too rough for me I'll be
okay she's like yes yeah I'll go get
Oh cry from hands this is wasting paper
Charlie 101 I'll assemble in a second
this is the tomato by T tuna and this is
without cashews pretty good
the texture is way better than last one
it's just not as creamy cuz I didn't
cash it around one pretty good like the
easier less fattening worse you want a
creamier cashews we'll try to make you
look pretty upset Wow look at that have
yacht Hey I don't know Mac and fuck it
was just okay so I'm having the cashews
creamy spicy tuna sauce now see that
looks a lot more like spicy mayo
I really just mix the marinade and
ground up like a handful of soaked
cashews and then there's what we got cut
and then this is Jen's finished project
she put bacon bits on that on fact bacon
bits or vegan some of them not all home
so ones that say real bacon are not
forbidden mm-hmm yeah hi here we go
this is the spicy tuna round 2 with the
tomatoes
now I'm going to try it
it's so good it is better it's so much
better because the textures right a lot
better than last ones all right okay
we're getting back yeah we're getting
good look anymore all right that's my
dinner and I'm gonna get into it now one
small note about this recipe it's messy
the entire kitchen is fucked but
