we are in Lethbridge Alberta we've been
here for 24 hours and I love it
Oh
right so after that you will ended I had
a celebratory flight out here in Alberta
and it's smelling and freezing it's
literally five degrees out right now
Fahrenheit
and look what the drone looks like right
now this is the Phantom 4 pro and there
is frost on the lens completely unphased
this thing just took a solid flight in
the freezing cold probably not the best
idea but that thing is a beast and it's
arrived for why my grass I didn't do the
flying what about us oh yeah Patriots
won all right now then it's technically
it's supposed to be our last night here
in Lethbridge but we don't know if
there's going to be a travel delay
tomorrow we're going to go out some
drink I'm all the way to the hotel bar
where's Finch I see what happened
we're just a thorough insulation the
waitress got very run off with that for
sure there's plenty left your your three
Burt Reynolds job making inquiries know
that yo what the fuck me Angela say when
do you guys histamine is that keep out
of the whole drama very different people
no she's pretty right um are we going to
stick with these are we going to mix
pickled egg we can right
hey guys fighting over these ham
yeah we are from booth what no I always
win that's in it oh he did yeah yeah
yeah
where'd you go
78 78 dollars unless you put in 40 that
fucking good lemon tree hey what I did
not journey like $4,000 all right really
in a little casino hotel supposedly last
night in left bridge there's like a
hotel bar and restaurant there's a hotel
Patino we would say casino after the bar
closed okay but I think this might be
our last night if everything goes well
tomorrow in LA
your favorite house article yeah here
you're not even melting
any god I love agree all right with this
bridge flying right now it's coming home
right now but I my fingers are frozen
solid we've been flying for like 15
minutes and it's so cold
but this high-level bridge in leverage
is one of the most beautiful things I've
ever seen with my eyes - let alone the
drone it's unbelievable why I should
pick up pilots now the thing is a beast
I can't believe in survive that it is so
cold out this thing just laughed in the
face of freezing cold Canada whether
it's as beast did that fly unbelievable
there's a bird
a camera just literally turned out it is
starting cost me my phone's go somehow
the drone to survive the 30 minutes
point it didn't have any problem
I can't real Italy from it just came
back over and I've never been worked as
a photographer had never been colder in
my life he's handing out that my life
you like to do for me yeah were your
fingers for anything no I think my
finger my talk about she's my bling I
can there's are burning cuz I was flying
the drones my head commander algebra
says oh shit
lick I think that was the best fighter
I've ever taken that was like a
breathtaking so we're leaving it an hour
and a half and we're going to eat some
be and Crunchwrap and Pepe shows why we
got to fly over the bridge smells
amazing I was saying there's nothing
fitting up like that Jenna was napping
on their feet I got a picture of it
alright we are getting our stuff
together packing up and we were going to
drive to Calgary from Lethbridge which
is normally about a two-hour drive the
roads are pretty packed with snow
although the travel advisory has been
listed we're going to probably drive
really slow so it should take at least
three hours to get to Calgary that's
where we fly home from so we got a bit
of a car ride but today was nice cars
gonna be here in a few minutes and I
just got a paper cut fucking paper cut
we just got through integration cuttin
we're about to actually we have a little
time so we're going to board our flight
home and trip is come to an end we made
the two-hour drive it was like more two
and a half hours is pretty gnarly but
we're here safe I left but I didn't you
guys freaked out I didn't freak out I
was chilling it's honestly funny the
energy and K in airports was a lot
different and better than us Airport
I had like a whole conversation about my
job with the TSA I am he's just
interested in it
and I was like you know this is nice
nice to have a normal conversation thank
you let's pitch for inviting Jenna Thank
You Jenna for bringing me we do is
awesome so I'm going to bed at this
airport to prepare us this Airport has
been so fucking cool it's the Calgary
International Airport if you've ever
been here
oh very pleasant good food very nice
people but that's just Canada there was
this thing where people were riding
bikes to charge their phone casually
like it wasn't super awesome and now
they have these debt so I'll be here if
I make it to my flight on making them if
I don't I don't
Alberta Calgary Westbridge you've been
wonderful it's just what's this
he's live at 3:00 p.m. today
