slide back on board
it's been monster monster monsters I
wrote this thing a few errands to run
today there are boosted rains errand
I started I would get back north I'm
insisting definitely different running
up their apartment popular through
business by riding habits as much that
were some and I'll be a lawn you'll
really look at cars of potential
accidental potential army because you
think that there's an healed human
evidently I said are looking are
logically nonetheless eternity quietly
do is ride a grown-up wheel will think
of that and can throw me in a bar and
then car and then you're going to bad oh
my butt and he was like we're here that
morning going back and forth
afford to detach Jane got a lot of
chicken I just got home and there was a
package waiting for me thanks for
signing for my package she needed to
sign for this I understand that it's a
really important package to worth a lot
it's relevant not like ten dollars this
is the new me now you're lucky I love
you
scrap your look isn't it lucky I
love you tell me doesn't like doubt
though it doesn't look alpha you did
exactly what I said I love you man
everybody look you it's fun fun I love
you they set up their of genes that said
bundage across the bat it loves them I
use of a fake luggage hat because I
couldn't get a real one fun but fake
ones I should probably say this week how
do I know you don't know babe away from
the merchandise okay
it's so big good love you guys okay this
is the new me everyone all right this is
the channel you're subscribe to have to
kick it up no this is that do it all the
time I'm making my channel arts at the
banner of the TAT you think you don't
like I'm not I'm super like where on
your pain Jesus ginger no I get up I
just got to change a key I say I'm gonna
deck it out Ted hey and I was not find
me there figis because they're Iggy's
but they smell like figs oh thank you oh
my god no she's my girl
guys this is what our house looks like
once you can stir it everywhere
I cannot get enough here you are
Moisture you want some orange juice
it's really
oh my now on the drink out of the
canister directly I forgot
I don't care dude
dislikes own video he's afraid of the
wind I know her weakness this is
something very cool and I now have these
are ND filters for the drones that I use
so they're made by polar Pro and these
are the best ND filters you can get for
drugs that's crazy
so this tiny camera you made underneath
alters many of you are probably like
what the is an ND filter and why
should i care about it basically an ND
filter is their sony's their glass
sunglasses for a lens and the different
ones let in different amounts of light
because you cannot change the aperture
on this drone and most Ron got it does
it for you so if it's a really bright
day out it's going to sometimes look
washed out so you can put the ND filter
on and it's wearing sunglasses so it
only lets so much light in so you have a
much cleaner image higher quality looks
better and you can achieve different
effects with these so I'm going to
actually put one on right let's just
kick my drone now has funny zones this
is the Mavic with an ND filter on and I
can't wait to use these many filters on
the matter because I've had these nd
filters for my old phantom 4 which I
don't really use much because I have
this Matic I also got in the package
from polar Pro Thank You polar Pro by
the way these are awesome I got a set of
nd filters for the Phantom 4 Pro which
may or may not be picking up tomorrow
the Phantom 4 pro is my old phantom 4
with an upgraded camera basically and
some other features on the drone that
make it fly easier and less likely to
crash but I'm very glad to have this
class for the trip
product moral stuff here earlier
somebody cleaned and it wasn't me yet
was spent a few hours cleaning that
house steady will be saying in the house
with the dogs while we are in Canada
they're still a little clean left to do
I did the kitchen dining room living
room front hall and then we are going to
be ready to go come this weekend end up
the jacket to start with at least in a
few hours likely we are going to podcast
that's going to be today tomorrow like I
said I'm headed over to DG our once
again to pick up the new toy so I can
show you guys all about that which will
be a lot of fun Oh check this out
I got these gloves in Toronto and I was
like when I bought them I was like
they're nice gloves and I like them and
they have touchscreen fingers so you can
use your phone with them but I'm never
in the cold and I'm so glad I bought
them because it would be in the coldest
weekend how cold is it going to be in
Lethbridge Canada this weekend things
cold to me zero degrees will so in
Lethbridge Canada pocket okay
Siri calm down with the sound effects
their degrees or so I'm going to need a
little more than this one jacket last
time I was that cold was when we went to
Edmonton and I had never been that cold
in my life
Jenna's sitting over here laughing at me
never experienced that type of cold the
first time you experience that type of
cold like cold cold weather something
else men some mouse well how did this
dinner get here oh yeah made it sort of
look at possible late tonight instead of
making meatballs we just got
store-bought meatballs
yeah that and the pattern crumbled up
black bean burger patty before I dig in
though I want to show you something do
you remember like two vlogs ago I told
you about Jenna the kid on Twitter that
girl who's getting hits fine logo
tattooed on her arm
well she did it look at that
it's a real tattoo she did this how
crazy is that that's wild right are you
Louie what in the world am i doing
excuse me yes let's sign all these
because we're gonna go bolognaise all
right so well he just we just did
finally after a lot of wanting news for
a while we finally dream casted we did a
podcast about our dreams where basically
we revisited notes that we took about a
dream right after waking up from the
dream and not having read it since
having the dream and I feel sufficiently
mind-fucked
like way more than I thought I'd be
Jenna's dream especially really
with me all I can say is tuned in on
Monday because it's crazy to he I don't
know it was just it really it was weird
dude it was weird it was a lot it was a
lot less predictable than I thought it
was going to be I for some reason
thought because we had already had the
dream and written it down it was going
to be like oh we remember it's nothing
but it's like you're learning new things
that you forgot about and it like you
brings you back into the dream too crazy
showing on this thing I want to extend
this vlogs or tomorrow I want to make it
a long blog but I'll see you guys in a
second hopefully I'll have some cool
dreams tonight
either rain has returned I actually
didn't know rearrange I
I don't mind it though this is what
we're going to be having in Canada
probably some smell so anyway I am up 50
things to do today
first off going for a quick haircut some
about waking up to rain that always
makes it so much harder to get out of
bed all right quiet down with your
wipers it's not like you do anything
anyway my windshield wipers are so dull
I've had this car for almost three and a
half years and I haven't switched on
made up I this is look at it like a
bunch of moisture let's do it
nothing literally nothing so I got to
get that done I always wait till it
rains and then I'm like oh yeah I need
new likers but I needed to do it so that
I'm not should I walk when it rains
anyway I have something to tell you guys
I'm not just rambling on I wanted to
tell you about the details of my panel
at South by Southwest so that if you
guys wanted to come you can I will be on
the DJI panel and the panel is on March
13th
that's a Monday at 3:30 p.m. at the
Hyatt Regency Ballroom if you're going
to stop by and you have that day to do
something come see me at the panel I
think it's going to be really great DJI
knows how to put on a really good live
event never been to South my as I've
told you guys before and I've always
wanted to go so it's really awesome to
have the opportunity to go this year for
a company that I love so much I think
it's time for my haircut now
you didn't think of anything to say
taking batteries is the people yeah this
is what we've been waiting for this is a
phantom 4 Pro the little contact
that's my phantom 4 regular this is a
pro there's obviously some upgrades on
this drone that I'm excited about mainly
the camera I have to say that the camera
on this drone overall I'm going to
produce better quality or write faster
suits better video another thing is that
the controller has a built-in display
that is not only easy to setup but is
way brighter than the average phone
screen that you'd be plugging into a
remote anyway it is raining on right now
if it clears up I might take it out a
little bit today but the plan is to
really fly it up in Canada oh good good
this is potentially the drone then I'm
going to give away to one of you guys
fair import Pro what's up excited for
this weekend excited for Canada little
ah busy to get ready I should be getting
ready now we try to put all the balloons
in the dining room and we missed a few
but if you go up there so I feel voters
just like what hold on and remove just
um happy weekend and if it's your
birthday just know that we bought 72
balloons just for you
