Oh
I really don't like Adam
comparation
jiu-jitsu has been done I'm going now to
meet with Colin go into a cafe so that
when we have a blowout argument it'll be
in public so we're meeting at this place
click a little cafe we made that
normally but just driving here there
were few ambulances in a fire truck full
sirens blaring and everything pouring
down the street behind me and I've
always always always like played it way
safe and pulled over right away anytime
I hear something like that but it's
amazing how many people just don't so
many people just try to get around you
and get a little bit ahead and then
maybe pull over or whatever it's Safari
I don't get it anyway jiu-jitsu went
really well got beat up nice and good
I'm um I'm working on some stuff with
DJI and I wanted to let you guys know
that because a while ago I teased a DJI
giveaway and then a bunch of time passed
and there was no giveaway and it wasn't
because I just forgot about it it's
because we're still trying to work it
out but that's way to do it how to do it
what's wrong to do it with but I'd love
to know if you guys just go interested
you want a drone you want to go fly go
fly here
the
looma is warm out fit oh very hearty
so Jenna's video was just uploaded we
finish the Edit today and fucking
hilarious I can't believe we did that
like in the fucking middle of air in our
living room he's asleep are you kidding
me now we are off to the mall which I
had intended to go to last night but
instead of going to the mall we bought
72 balloons and made our dogs why the
reason we're going to the mall primarily
because of this whole thing and you know
what it's not even that old it's a 2013
MacBook Pro it's my computer I use it
for everything I do
and it's been crashing on me non-stop
the hard drive failure has been like a
big problem like mid edit so I cannot
really have this happen
or continue to happen rather so I'm
going to go to the Apple store I'm going
to get a drive I'm going to try to back
everything up on the drive of hard reset
and see if that fixes it it doesn't I
might be forced to make a purchase that
I hadn't intended to make again this is
like this is everything if I can't
finish an edit without it crashing and
like losing footage and whatnot I I got
to do some about it so we're going to go
mobile it's gonna be fun
I don't know peach for you walking home
leaving I'm gonna look so good going on
it alright baby we're at the mall you
ready to be at the mall
I'm wearing a string backpack there's a
threat for my laptop ladies at high
school all the time I haven't like
properly warm one in here feels good
though feel like I'm on my way to PE
so my computer is not broken amazing new
well we add some malware on there
because of all the weird shit I do on my
laptop that's not true I don't do weird
shit but they did a bunch of Diagnostics
then it looks like for now my computer
won't be crashing on me we will see I
love the air
do you want to see what I'm eating
because I'm going to eat do you want to
see it there's the sweet and sour what
is it yeah there you go
you
