oh sorry regarding shout your checkride
get all the things that you're owning
here is that drone airborne okay yeah
right that's what these clusters on my
pinky I want ball you you see I just
tell me into like because I welcome
horny left any I want to start moving so
I had a time as soon as you stop seeing
you one of these we're going to be
interesting I get we go wrong
sorry heavens right okay okay perfect my
life is genome you're going with it
being it has money
oh my god oh my god redo the gate okay
should I follow me coming dad
you're like a pokemon trainer that
always has like three different pokemons
surrounded them you guys the Pokemon
each you know what not everything's
about you like 90% of things are about
my hair out there oh I'm making a really
cool dinner tonight for the first time
actually attempting plant-based sushi
and I'm going to make it at home I've
made sushi plenty of times in my life
I've never made plant-based sushi and I
really want to get good at it so I can
eat it
I enjoy sushi a lot with plants so we
are going to the store to get some
ingredients because everything's made up
of ingredients something just happens
okay listen to your dad when he's
talking Wow it could be terrible it
could be great who knows but I'm going
to try it I didn't vlog this but we just
shot a pretty sizable portion of Elijah
and Christine's music video the Bing
bong song which is their recreation of
closer by hobby and the chainsmokers
they called on Colin and I to help shoot
it and of course we wanted to help
because it's an amazing project so we
shot a bunch of that earlier today which
was a blast and we had a great time and
I can't wait to see how it's come out by
the time you're watching this it will be
out though so link but now we get to go
shopping peach lets you do any shopping
you just do the eating getting smart
with me you want me
as all of our shopping basically done
we're going to get in the aisle food
will you in terms of for me to be in
chapstick which is surprisingly hard to
find raw chopped reviews beeswax and
other things that you wouldn't expect in
Chapman and now's the part where I'm
like ready to get home and eat
everything also just check Twitter and I
saw this gender the kid on Twitter is
getting the design from my pin it's fine
to run a cloud and lightning tattooed on
her body which tattoo ink for real that
is dope as hell
I can't wait is it
I keep going over bump and then but he's
not going to there's no more bump there
I'm on baby oh yeah come on baby give us
some spark baby come on baby remind us
what the relationship was like at first
give us some oh my god what is wrong
with you okay so got some coals is I am
very close to finishing my first attempt
at planting sushi tempted a spicy tuna
to make sure with the base being
sunflower seeds and cashews and here's
the good the good news is if I first
recipe ever and it's not shit which i
think is very very promising I was
expecting a lot of work if anything the
texture is what gives it away going to
be doing a lot of research and trials to
get this right because I want to find
something that's really really good this
is my setup right now this is actually
just a temporary item I'm ordering some
stuff online that's not supermarket
grade it's actually better that is to
roll the sushi these are the nori sheets
this is kind of cucumber pickle ginger
here is the spicy tuna mixture rice
vinegar that will go into there kind of
just heating up well vegan burger you're
really cute what incarnation
the sushi construction will begin right
now dip your fingers in a little bit of
water
Wow yellow there right do a little bit
one aha that's one thank thank you to
the next turn
cute little bit of lemon I like that
just roll it right before we close it we
take our finger to turn the water on a
stick
turn one square Wow are you excited I
can't here's fun to tell you are coming
over this I'm gonna make three years on
you baby first recipe I've ever done
this way to going to do my first yeah
they're not way better if I was going to
only up from here
good good it's really good
all right I'm mom and now on my way to
physical therapy and after physical
therapy I'm going to be stopping by for
a meeting at DJI that guy was not
supposed to turn so a few errands to get
on and then I think later on Jenna and I
might go to the mall we just took the
dogs for a nice long walk think they
appreciated it there's been this huge
buildup on the street that normally is
like the best tree to take so I'm
definitely to be late to physical
therapy I'm never late for I've been
taking around this giant Chuck I would
normally take it when it's like have
full of fresh food orange juice because
orange juice is my life right I like
drink so much of it all the time
probably a little too much but I love
having like a half jump it's like the
perfect amount to take out with me in
the world when I'm gone and I need some
sustenance and deliciousness and traffic
that's DGI that's decided it doesn't run
the buck just finished the meeting it
was mainly enough South by Southwest
Insp thing I know I said my thing was on
the 12th at South by Southwest is on
March 13th
I lied to you please forgive me it's
funny when we were having a meeting in
it the door was open and like you can
just hear drones just someone flying a
drone at some point during the day so if
I work here I imagine I would just be
listening to the sound of drones flying
all day which in essence is like the
most relaxing peaceful sound take me to
your forest little lady go guide me
guide me to the kitchen I just got home
and look what my honor did she made
Greek salad for us with marinated tofu
Ottawa thank you
why do I need to come home to that from
from Rocky II I'm a lucky one
oh good water fill enough
barbra so this is it's not oh you fuckin
piece of all we are making dinner but we
just spent like five hours doing it
we took six separate trip to Party City
voted on tomorrow get it hot with 12 per
ride that's how many saloons can sit in
her car once we did 12 balloons per ride
so we finally got all the balloons back
here and as you can see we got Marvel
little sling through it and we made
marbles airborne there you go it feels
the same as if I'm holding in the mood
hey Marvel how you feel bad you wanna go
up to the ceiling mom okay it was fall
asleep that's been today so we were like
fuck we gotta do that - reaction when I
heard I was like hell yeah we gotta do
that my mom so we're going to eat some
food and recharge because uh that was
crazy but we did it I'm like so pumped
that we did and Marvel didn't even care
he was just chilling he was literally
suspended ten feet in the air not giving
a fuck he literally fell asleep it was
amazing then after he was an interval
you know a minute less than that he was
like oh with my play time challenge yeah
he's fun the manners are friendly
what you doing there
you
