good morning Pam I'm sitting in pretty
bad traffic right now I want to say hi
you know that I am on my way to a good
friend Josh Elkin top the creator of the
most sexual food form he was on our
podcast awhile ago
he is inviting me on to shoot a video
for his channel where I believe he's
kind of just going to like show me how
to make a delicious recipe so very
excited because it's food that's not it
alright so we're here there's Josh hey
what's going on in the master of the
kitchen with all the degrees so look at
this array I mean you guys can taste
look well so it is the key to making fun
meat smoked paprika cloves pepper Tamara
we're making vegan and gluten-free in
and out
burgers and everything so it's going to
be we I brought the bun and he has
everything else and I'm just getting
really hungry all of a sudden
everyone who's watching at home my name
is Josh this someone was in my kitchen
and that's all today none other than
Julian in fact we are officially
finished this is after a couple fight
it's a any dirt county level go with the
video game oh this is a generate I made
in and out fraud
we just need to spread that was the
closest we came to with Josh we went all
out
we made the double level I mean these
burgers are ridiculous you know what
just go watch the video the easiest way
to understand what has happened so check
the links go watch his stuff he makes
often coaching videos he's the king of
food porn I gotta go so this is calling
my attention right now
alright so whether they are the video
will come out then and once it does
it'll be awesome
alright I'm going to tell you we're
going without you can watch us do that
okay thank you thank you
yes my home right now and something came
in the mail my new life in it's here and
I look weird right so I'm going home for
a little bit because I'm going to hang
out with Anthony Padilla tonight I'll
run in arcade because it's Friday night
and we want to go to an arcade there's
no explanation other than that you need
for why go to an arcade we're going to
play some games mess with some kids just
kidding but you never know it gets
competitive in there what you bend your
head back like that you don't even look
like a dog anymore
yeah what a good lady oh my goodness oh
my goodness you glad like and weird firm
in your ass you look at its tail yup yup
so which one is the recipe what'd it
smell look at that body language she's
so outgoing oh oh
all right the Saturday morning and I'm
up at 9:00 and I just drove north pretty
far to the LA River for a section of the
LA River rather if you had to work out
at 10:00 I wanted to do some flying but
this portion of the LA River is pretty
empty but the other day when it was
really storming the southern part of the
LA River the one that was closer towards
I guess Hollywood was flowing like
almost to the top logs rushing down and
going so fast it was crazy to see anyway
get airborne
to whistle I'm laying on the couch what
else is new we are we have been hanging
out for the day it's now Wow it's still
Saturday I woke up so early today
and I blogged little bit I'm just
looking at that clip and it feels like a
different day because it was so early in
our it's already 2100 right now so it's
late
but not really I mean it's exactly
what's that what's that noise coming
from your mouth ha oh wait are you
gonna play a new game use on new game
today go do do we have to oh okay Brett
came over for basically all today and
we're doing that tagging house and brute
as we like to call him brought over a
bottle of brut champagne to congratulate
me for a million well yeah we took a
really long very long ether normal two
mile walk with the dog did we just hot
out today so they were really tired
they're all tuckered out
this is one of their faces there's two
others in a few minutes we're going to
leave to the airport and go pick up the
denny machine because she's getting into
town tonight and when you figure out
class tomorrow we have a fun day it's
Bowie's birthday party and it's blowing
on my cup dude don't want my phone email
you got problems
oh god that's not sanitary don't do it
don't do it
seriously seriously stop you're gonna
get sick
yeah hey don't put my tongue in your
mouth cause and you're going to get sick
and it's going that way it's the bottom
of my toe okay someone's in rare form
tonight stop loading on my toes do it
foodies over eco is our booty oh what
can Annette worship you Lincoln to be
like a you get surprised when it touches
your face
please stop blowing on me I was like if
you expect me to stay still while you
bore me you're going to have a bad time
it's like I didn't want to say I had a
blast at the arcade on Friday yesterday
with Anthony and I didn't wrong any of
it but it was really fun and exciting
Anthony vlogmas oh I'm gonna link his
channel he's vlogging a lot now we
played this game as arcade which was
like a room full of lasers like in James
Bond you go do I crawl around any bar
the whole thing with whole area without
terrible edit well you look cute
I'll be using it's like well you're
acting weird
oh my god I don't like that sensation
