Hey
so I am cooking dinner right now pasta
with potatoes I never ever confirmed
this with you guys
she takes one I will be at playlist this
year confirming that with Jenna and yeah
we're both going to be there and we're
doing a meet-up and also I'm going to be
at South by Southwest I have a panel
that I'm doing at South by Southwest for
DJI they invited me to be one of the
speakers on the PGI creator paralegal
thud so I've never been to talk about
chocolate but you guys know I've been to
Austin I love it I'm very excited for
that I can give you more details in the
next few weeks about like where to find
me it's all fine whatnot but each one
which you guys know I'll be a top flight
chocolate I believe my thing is on the
12th thank you crying why are you crying
hey what buzz was Evie oh you said he
wants with dad thinking everything's
about me right Kermit just burp good
burps Todd wait a beat oh one of you
guys suggested that Kermit elevates his
food bowl because when you eat with your
head all the way around especially when
Kermit has that long neck it's like the
food's Fighting Gravity to get into his
stomach and he was having stomach
problems last week so we took that his
life and previously had put boxes
underneath it on both but then last
night we ran out got this elevated bowl
which I think he liked if he has a
choice between eating off this on the
ground he for some reason to the ground
we in so want you to get your food stuff
all right I didn't want to do you the
disservice of telling you what I was
going to eat and then not showing you
know here it is this is it's the
glorious beautiful all of carb goodness
and I'm going to here right now I am
tired and it looks like this might be
the last clip that I record for eating
millions up so I guess I might wake up
to that we'll see when I wake up I won't
be having OJ I will be having it I'm
going to lay down so it's good night for
right now
Wow Wow Wow
I had a million subs guys I did it you
did it we did it we hit a million I
think I should make my way over here now
my I miss my subscribers AB always
birthday thank you for 105's thank you
for being the most wonderful person in
my entire life thank you for inviting me
into your world of youtubers oily and
giving me everything is giving me mean
more than I can explain
thank you - amber wasn't hotter than it
is I love any mom thank you thank them
thank you for years of love and non-stop
support and I'm laughter humor and just
filling my mansions with fuckery forever
I don't know else okay I'm just
overwhelmed it's it's a great feeling
just thank you that's all thank you so
much Cheers
I'm gonna have the whiskey whoa it's
been aging just so long
now I shall taste it thank you this is
for you guys thank you so much Erica is
a life oh my god oh
oh my god thought that is good this is
ridiculously delicious whiskey Laphroaig
to celebrate million subs how else to
say like I you gonna mean like it thank
you
you smell like a barbecue actually
that's how smoky it is it's good man she
just may have been the most disgusted
face always liquid smoke you know in
your life you make food you like this
yeah I think that's it happy million
subscribers I love you guys thank you
for letting me do what I love thank you
should I love you oh yeah see your
artwork page no care alright we're going
to do this this way then
