the great lighting good lighting
Wow
I'm not even that mad cuz you actually
look a little good right now do i you
look good too the makeup definitely
helps I should do that more do you want
to try like it looks like I've been
buttered up okay I wouldn't put it like
that basically hey yeah
back to you Julian okay we're at waffles
new office we've officially purchased
our own nothing that was a lie we are a
completely separate production studio
with snacks so I think what we should do
now is do a snack tour do you want to do
its neck torque oh yeah there's no
that's it
boob gross I specifically said no
coconut let's just disregard these okay
whatever type of caffeine you feel like
we have yellow sugar free book called
ruble the only flavor
Gatorade that exists should I get super
red mouth red Gatorade mouth is that you
yeah that's you good when did you get
that modeling blurp lets him you have
one don't you pretty sure he's great
okay hot and bothered dude yeah dude oh
by the way I said nuts and stuff would
be cool I'm feeling a little sick so I
need to go to the dr. pepper pop and
over here we have Sun Chips Cheetos and
ladies these are sleeve
moisture it's just about I hesitate to
mess with these because I think we're I
think you know who is gonna be using
these but I want to put one on so bad
don't touch it
do not touch that should I put the girl
you went on and you hey somebody come
here early went on take your shirt off
and go sprinting out the front door
screaming this is what happens when you
hire us to be talent well we're not just
here to eat snacks which 90% snacks but
like the last 10% we're actually
shooting something today and the
information that I can give you about
what we're shooting today is that we're
shooting something that's gonna promote
our next trip I can say that right yeah
well you're going on a trip soon and
this is going to announce that trip so
we're gonna go shoot by ourselves for a
couple hours we're gonna kind of get all
the shots we need we just me and Collin
and then a third party will come and
join us for a few shots afterwards and
then that's it that's kind of what we're
doing it
there are darts involved the good news
is that in just a couple days you'll
know what's going on that's kinda cool
portrait hood port Ramon's a fuckin
farce Oh
so that was insane what we just did
you're gonna find out so soon Rome I
forgot my sock can we go back can we go
back now
can you take me back there tomorrow I
forgot my sock no
yes you forget your shoes I forgot his
shoes can we go back what are you guys
doing for dinner what do you wanna gonna
stop some I still haven't paid lay one
down I mean I hope he doesn't either I
would make things incredibly complicated
with the house situation and the
marriage yeah you know I get it
I totally get it I wouldn't use the same
phrase he was gonna jack your money off
no I keep going it's definitely getting
better that's funny as fuck dude can we
can we look at cars can we stop at this
dealership there's used cars they look
like they're good prices
can we stop doing pull over
okay I'll let you think about it just
look in the mirror real quick close are
we there yet
Julian but okay I'm down oh she sent the
joke there what time is it time to die
so how about airplane food right mom and
dad are fighting
Wow
today was a wild wild day first off I
just want to say I'm aware of how
annoying I sound when I'm teasing things
and I can't tell you right away what I
will say is that in the next few days
you guys will know all of what's going
on and it's cool you know it's cool it's
not life-changing it's not anything that
you can't wait a few days for but it is
cool and I do just want to acknowledge
that I'm being annoying by withholding
but having said all that and if you
would like you can come back to this
video in a couple days when you know the
news so you can understand a little bit
more what I'm reflecting on but today
was a very cool experience
I went very well now I'm back home and
I'm chilling with a little guy Oh
I do yet miss ya I was sort of telling
them what today was like listen I'm not
gonna say it but I'm gonna say it my
video might be late cuz okay I went to
altar today and I just started walked
around and was real sad and was like not
with anyone that's trying to fuck up
everything in this store right now feels
wrong you needed your P I see yeah
