hey guys so today is August 29th 2015
and last night I bought myself a little
gift and I'm not going to touch that
gift until a certain point in time
basically I'm an aged really nice
whiskey in my home age barrel until in a
million subscribers because it was your
idea you guys come into that and I
thought it was a cool idea so I'm going
to do it so this is where we are right
now you can see it's the live count
there you go as you can see I just lost
and subscribe
but it's the live count that's running
right now 616 this is what I got myself
I've never bought of all of this and I'm
really excited
25 year age to Johnnie Walker Blue Label
so I'm going to take out the bottle and
pour it all in my home fuck you Dale
distillery whiskey barrel this is what
we're working with people 25 years and
some change page whiskey I'm so excited
to drink this all in the barrel now I
will see you guys hopefully if I have
read a million subs so we can celebrate
hey it's January 24th 2017 and Here I am
with this little update for you so there
are a few of you here who also follow me
on Twitter
and for those few of you here you
already know what's about to happen but
for the rest of you let me explain as
you just saw almost a year and a half
ago I put this whiskey into this barrel
to age it I got this barrel as a gift
and what you do with this is you pour
whiskey into it for a number of months
you take it out it is been aged it has a
new flavor new notes of different things
that it can pick up depending on what
you aged in so my idea was I'm going to
age this whiskey until I had a million
subscribers as the note says on the top
and I'm a few subscribers away I'm
probably a couple thousand away by the
time you're watching this haven't hit it
yet but the reason I'm making this video
now is because over the weekend I
decided I wanted to just pop the top and
give it a little smell just to smell how
it's going how the flavours coming along
what I'm expecting when I hit a million
and I smelled it and I didn't get
anything it was like it was kind of like
a weird blank would smell and I was like
at first I was like wait a minute
whisky has a real smell any whisky but
especially good and aged whiskey it has
a smell smelling yourself no smell right
that's weird so I investigated a little
more
the thing is bone-dry
there is no whiskey in here my whiskey
barrel is as empty as the anti bottle of
whiskey that I poured into it without
reading the instruction apparently there
is something called the angel's share
when it comes to aging whiskey and the
angel's share means when you aged
whiskey there will be a portion of it
depending on how much whiskey and how
long you're aging it that becomes
evaporated and it goes up to the Angels
and that's the angel's share that's what
they get to enjoy I've never been great
at reading instructions on anything I'm
a pickup and go type of person and that
comes to bite me in the ass quite a bit
but I don't think it's ever bitten me in
the ass kiss all of my whiskey is
evaporated it all of it is the angel's
share I gave an entire bottle of great
whiskey to some random angel just
hanging out of my house I can't believe
I did this
you only supposed to age it in this size
girl for a few months and I aged it I
don't know like 17 months all the
whiskey is gone the barrels bone-dry and
not only is a barrel in drive it I tried
pouring other whiskey into it and it
literally fell through the cracks at the
bottom about for the barrels toast I
ruined the barrel aged the whiskey for
too long and now here I am with no
special aged whiskey to taste at a
million subscribers because I'm about to
hit it my first reaction was horrified I
was like how could this have happened
how did we date away this whiskey that
was supposed to be sitting here
cultivating flavor and love so what I'm
going to do for today's walk is Jenna
you are here so Jenna is going to help
me with this
I love whisky probably my favorite
beverage and I have a great collection
of it now and I've been even more so
into whiskey than when I put the
see into this fucking barrel but I'm not
going to let this ruin the party because
million subscribers is coming and we are
going to celebrate one way or another so
we recently found an awesome whiskey
shop that specializes in whiskey you
cannot find in other places we're going
to go to this whiskey place and jen is
going to help me pick out a special
bottle even more special than some
Johnnie Walker Blue who cares about that
I'm going to get a real special dog
whiskey and I'm not going to put it
anywhere near a fucking barrel it's
going to go right my glass and right
down my gullet as soon as we hit a
minute
mmm oh go it soon I was like a really
weird way through
can I go it I don't like Gollum
oh gosh sometimes you plan a whole bunch
of cool shit and then like like hey do
something else oh yeah I know you were
really upset but it was seriously so
funny when he came out of there it was
like we're whisking you're on about
Brandon I know where it went
I was like this I didn't read the
direction person who reads directions
what fuckin ah
cuz I did yes
oh and we can use a couple and that's
even more excited like I didn't even
they're just running through this red
light that guy didn't even care they
don't get good whiskey when did you even
start like probably right when I turned
21 I didn't like it in my college and
stuff because I never learned how to
like actually drink whiskey and egg
mattress like chug Jack and Coke you
know
1 million subscribers 1 million cried
their million people a lot of people on
you should know trial let's find some
whiskey that simulates aging it for way
too long without actually evaporate all
right looks like is called black and I'm
going to have to say that they allow it
to film hopefully think that yeah good
are you alright I have a question we
were in here the other day and I bought
some whiskey that I loved and I wanted
to come back here and I make vlog for
YouTube could we film just me picking
out a whiskey is that ok cool I just
want to clear with you awesome thanks
all right we made it
the cool thing about highly whiskey the
younger they are usually the more kind
of stem belt yeah I have some 76 our
judges 77 our big cap strength Laphroaig
visiting class something happens before
when you put it in a sherry cask for not
too long because I'm waiting it out yeah
it's hefty nasty
they've discontinued the port 18 the
courier ship continued they replacing it
with the fridge on page thirty year
instead of a more heavily sherry one
high let's do that let's see different
and different as well sure it's going to
be a really cool compared to truck yeah
I think though and that's not like this
is not something you're going to find
good Pacific it's one barrel
awesome thanks for the help I appreciate
it and you're welcome really think you
did you very much and they'll be shot a
little splash of water in the okay pasta
meal he opens it up really nicely I will
report right what a former for it yeah
well you can find it I mean it's on my
each channel if you want to check it out
but I'll probably be back anyway
yeah I'll write it down if you want
we're going to use on the video oh yeah
yeah so it's like a I'm almost a million
subscribers in this whole idea was
always good whiskey for a million
subscribers to celebrate so that's what
I mean
so thank you I appreciate it yeah thanks
a lot
I appreciate it I'll be back though so
that's my second time at that store and
they've they've been so helpful like I
consider myself so amateur when it comes
to knowing what with you and they've
been really helpful in helping me select
which is I like and obviously they're
really nice to let us film and so if
you're in the valley I'll link down
below if you want to check out a good
whiskey shop for sure
now these get to go home and go nowhere
outside this fucking bottle until I hit
a million which once we do that we will
taste these what are the Angels duties
that are all that good whiskey classic
angels right so we got the laugh rag
which he said is incredibly rare so this
is 591 out of 610 bottles in the world
that's a big boy right there and then a
side piece is the Ardbeg really good
whiskey for an affordable price anyway
go home don't be sad
