I have just pulled into the Department
of Motor Vehicles the DMV I have to be
here today because I haven't been here
and I missed it and it's a fun place now
I have I got to renew my job as life
because it expires on my birthday this
year and I don't want to be running
around with an expired license Jenna
okay so I got to go in there and take a
test
so I already don't like and then I have
to have my mug photographed for all the
officers to see when I'm speeding
through their city and they pull me up
non-skid I'm just trying to get made
right now I came out here first thing
today does its appointment for a few
weeks and I just got to do it but the
good thing is that stop number two after
the DMV is a three-letter acronym also
starting with speed but it is way more
cool and fun and awesome and that is DJI
so I will be going from DMV to the Jack
Walmart out but first we got to
take care of this business so I'm gonna
leave you guys in the car okay can you
behave yourself I'm going to crack the
window you text me if you need anything
but kids behave yourself please okay
just behave yourself
his mom I did it a pass attack to leave
the test and then they put a hole in my
driver's license because it's no longer
valid which is a little shitty because I
didn't I almost got out of there without
them doing that but now that means I
have that paper because the temporary
license until my new one comes in a few
weeks but now off to DG
no one please keep this time gives you a
manifest of everything's well and then
powerful thing
Hey
leaving the DJI right now and got all my
gear for this big project we're shooting
very excited haven't told you much about
it because I'm very excited to like
how's it happen and then show you
something else but VG I once again has
my back come through some gear for me to
shoot this project with to make an extra
super awesome and built for you
shout out to DVI once again I'm going to
go home out and unload all this gear it
looks like I installed my album at at
the exact right time because this is
what my desk currently looks like so
right here this is one of the things
that I picked up from VG is the Aqua
with the x5 then use camera it's capable
of shooting raw a kind of an incredible
camera so that is going to be our quick
steady rig if we need to be mobile
like really mobile or we need to grab
something lightweight but we also would
like stable footage that's what we're
going to use because it's a gimbal and
it has a great camera on it that's our
kind of run-and-gun
stabilized rig then over here we have
the Ronin which is made up of that
carbon fiber cross bars and everything
that goes with that and then the actual
gimbal batteries and then promote and
we've used the gimbal before on the
swimsuit shoot you guys remember that
I'm going to take you through every step
as I'm getting ready for this shoot but
I'm not going to tell you exactly what
it is because really really excited for
you just to see I'll give you a hint
there is a brand that is now going to be
working with me that I'm very excited
about and for our first project with the
brand we have a really cool idea and
it's going to involve me and Colin and
can involve all this gear and it's going
to involve not being at home we also got
something over here
this is the TGF follow focus and what it
does basically is you connect one of
these rigs to your actual length so
you're going to wrap it around your
camera lens so this is for when we're
using the rode in the big stabilizer you
wrap this around the lens and what you
can do is you can then put this on the
lens and someone who's not using both
hands
please the Ronin can focus it as if the
focus ring was actually right here this
is used a lot in films and movies
obviously because using such huge
cameras that it's not like they can just
focus it up someone else is dedicated to
you know follow focus give me our first
time using that which I'm really come
for but right now I'm kind of just
familiarizing myself with all the gear
and thinking of how we're going to use
it all all right I was going to do a
different sort of announcement towards
the end of the vlog today but because of
life and how sometimes things happen and
you're not expecting I want to let you
know that the next batch of pins is
going to drop next week so I was there
talking to you it was supposed to be
Sunday I tweeted that it was Sunday I
told the stream that it was Sunday and
now it's not going to be something there
was a big shipment delay with the pins
and something completely out of our
control
it seems so next week get ready for the
pin drop brand new pins whole collection
and I wish it could have been Sunday but
we really can't do anything about it
because we don't have pin I apologize
but the link will be in the description
of where the find pins and you can also
check my Twitter snapchat throughout the
weekend and next week as I get more
information they're delayed and it was
supposed to be Sunday but it's fine
Kirby Kirby boy how you doing bud
they're not worried about you I'm
worried about my baby but he's doing a
lot better that's for sure like he's not
yelping and yelping and he's also
walking around on his own he's still
crying yeah he's still so there was a
comment on my last vlog from one of you
guys who had said an elevated bowl might
make it so he doesn't have to hunched
over and hurt his stomach because it
seems like that position really hurts
him we were traveling in last night he
wouldn't get down and forth because his
stomach is like restricting him so
elevated bowls make it so they can just
eat at like head level we're gonna have
to bend over so we're going to probably
get one one of those for him in the
meantime like kind of Jimmy rig ours to
be higher so that he is enough to bend
over
to eat but he definitely improved and he
got after a lot of thoughts he got sleep
last night he kept you up pretty late
yeah every 10 minutes he was getting on
and like yelping and crying I mean he
could have been a lot a lot worse this
morning like he could have been in the
same yeah I do yeah he doesn't sleep
nothing is going to be good you woke up
only five as I was like in full
breakdown both like I don't know I hope
you for bed I didn't realize you press
your awake all night console this is
crazy
Oh crazy deeply concerned mr. parkis
this was scary though
well it's like you want to enjoy it
cause it's exciting but this person
this is like the third car chase we've
watched in a month
oh he's going to pit him you know
kiddo
supposedly suspected for murder scumbags
man oh my god I only watch the news for
car chases nothing else yeah I never
watched even this is annoying because
the people in the city are like I'll
live him in I could be really good we
watched two now we're a police dog took
the suspect College has been badass
because they just like grabbing hold and
they're clearly in pain and they deserve
it yes couple of them are armed so they
don't just run up to them and arrest
them they said well yeah the one we were
watching the guy was shooting at them
from the car so of course they're not
going to take a chance but it should
wild to see a police dog actually take a
touchdown
Oh oh my god that person is no innocent
people being some up person
already this person is taking fourth in
the new resemble there's making me mad
doing like 70 true surface streets right
now I'd love to know what like a person
no cars is is actually thinking is going
to happen I argue that anyone who would
ever participate in a police chase is
this comeback because you're putting
other people at risk no matter what for
your own selfish like play a lot game
I can't believe you just he's like
toying these cops around holy
