Herman are you doing good he got a
little lump yeah let's move mom a rough
day but it seems like we can't for the
life of us have one normal day with
nothing crazy happening so this morning
ever since we gave Kermit breakfast
which we believed was the source of his
pain basically Kermit was yelping kind
of randomly and sporadically throughout
the morning and we felt his arms and
legs and body and nothing was really
triggering his his pain or yelping so we
thought it might have been like a
stomach issue but then it got to the
point where he was he was yelping like
continuously when we tried to pick him
up and that's when we were like okay we
got to take him in we gotta go to the
vet and so we did and we went to and
actually knew that a weight better bet
than than when we've been going to and
we're going to switch now but we took
him in and they saw him and basically we
ruled out anything musculoskeletal or
basically anything with his bones her
muscles and said it was probably a
stomach problem reacting to some food so
they gave him some medicine via a shot
and then they gave them all to a fluid
bump like peach got a while back okay
Herman what is that
it's like a camel hop but his split
shoulder remember me see look how easy
oh my god yes you're you have a really
really bad tummy ache you don't like
that turkey food so they gave it to him
just moving and getting the hydrogen
he looks jacked so jack on one
side and lay off the shoulders bro I'm
just feeling better so we just got back
home and he's resting any seems to be
doing okay he's pretty low energy
lethargic today but at least we trying
to know what's happening boy you better
stay away from youth too much energy
right now tinkering hi
more than me
do you want some this I don't want to
pick you up because I know you don't
like you and you don't feel very well
the good news is well there's actually
two pieces of good news one you got
treated and he's feeling better until we
found a vet that we actually like and we
think the dogs won't hate and that's
always good right now peaches you peach
you're creepy Jenna was like yeah we've
been to that so many times in
the last couple months what the hell why
can't we just have a normal day just one
peach you know you could be like a
little less creepy Thank You cream
well you refused to Ian hooked it to
your hard drive
Marvel don't eat at 6:00 p.m. and then
demand to be fed at 2:00 a.m. for our
boat intermittence what everyone else
eat he doesn't want to he likes her
speech he's like Nana man schedule fam
he literally gets so comfortable on the
couch to where he just will keep them
he'll skip dinner teach that is so
unbelievably creepy yeah run away please
now that we got that all figured out now
it's time to win the day
are you rolling
Caity Lotz repeat she just like puts her
face on the face you put your things on
my face
why does she do that
speech ain't my thing using like things
being smothered by your face will shut
me up where a wall hey peace Kim peach
tea may be wanted for okay she's had it
okay they love you hey why don't you do
that so funny cuz I dog thing just
putting their face in your face or they
just we sleep thank you cute fun while
it lasted
Oh meanwhile and then spearmint laine
the shoulders was full of ants Lilith
hmm what I was humph immediately shifted
to his arm like you couldn't possibly
have a normal-looking humph and had to
be weird why is it look like peach I'd
like you to put your face on my face for
another man bun not a man go on boy go
on boy
titi if you think I should shave put
your feet on my feet it'll be the shave
I think I'm gonna shave wait very good
nothing okay no sorry man oh no it's
like this yeah cuz I'm mad because Jay
Walker is hanging out with Lennar for
like the third time it's not fair is it
that's like one of them are funny advise
that we love yes when your sibling has
something dumb that they got to tell you
about real quick just walked anybody
know what are we doing
I'm going to do my mom's makeup for the
first time ever never done this I'm
excited
go here okay
all right you look so like you just woke
up yeah just I just woke up so today was
not really fun Kermit isn't feeling well
we had the sort of Russian to the vet
and in a bit of a panic which is never
fun
as far as right now all said and done
everything's okay and there were parts
of today that were really really great
and happy and sometimes I think it's
hard to focus on just a few positive
things when one really bad thing happens
but even just for a second thinking
about the happy things can help you deal
with those that aren't and we're
confident Kermit is going to be just
fine but I'm glad that you're here and
that you spend a portion of your day
with me thank you for that
