something that I find really cool waking
up to tasty breakfast a weekend and what
happened today which is being nominated
to win a shorty award I woke up today
and got messages from multiple people
and tweets or multiple people guys I was
nominated for a vlogger of the Year at
the shorty award I've never been
nominated for anything like this in my
life and I find it really really cool to
be recognized for what I do I do this
because I love it I do this because I
love making content for you guys and you
guys genuinely cheer me up
on a daily basis but it feels damn
 cool to in some way shape or
form be recognized by other people for
being good at it or not at it so
I've been on a to win blog earlier and
then Jenna has been nominated wing
youtuber of the year which is no
surprise then both of us together have
been nominated to an ensemble of Lior
which is very cool in my opinion because
we do so much together online I never
ever really viewed the stuff we're doing
as anything less than just fun and and
something we really enjoy which is cool
to be nominated so thank you to all of
you take them into the Shorty Awards for
nominating me and Jenna I'm going to
just stick the voting link in the
description for my vlogs until voting is
over I'm not going to bother you about
it if you feel like voting go ahead you
don't go ahead and don't I just wanted
to mention it say thank you I feel very
happy and grateful it's a cool thing to
wake up to it's validating it is what it
is it's just in a war but it feels cool
so that is how my day started
we're on a walk with the dogs this is
our sorry new walk we take this really
giant loop around the park and means
about knee miles and the doctor liked it
do I think if marbles keep taking like
five times as many steps as they give
the Hagee's are taking three times as
many steps as us or the town for them
they're not obviously got it right bud
the boy it's great time for marbles I
don't know how he finishes his walk good
boy
well does their break and now we got a
big dog because he likes barking a big
dogs could be a smart animal when I'm
holding him I'll just turn it back to
the dog as we pass by yeah what you
can't see carry you exactly you have any
idea about that pitbull just now you
know what I'm talking about
all right some you see real quick we're
back from the walk peach those your walk
pretty happy with it
and the boys have you hydrate because my
mom's not watching them I gotta wrap
this little therapy now so the office
looks a little bit different I added an
elven mat which is kind of like a craft
working so feeling thing that you can
cut on and also have to do physical
projects with tools and whatnot so
trying to clear out my computer that
mistake for that just missed all that
it's very happy about and you only see a
glimpse of this but my new productivity
board the reason you only see a glimpse
is because there are things on that
which you will find out soon but not on
out really excited about the
Changez I've wanted to have more of kind
of an idea flash productivity board for
a while and I think this is going to be
huge for me to get my ideas out of here
and onto that thing so I can execute a
lot of things and think clearly and be
creative so that is really really
awesome physical therapy went pretty
great today I think I'm making really
good strides the exercises I'm doing the
posterior chain with the resistance
bands have been working a lot and I'm
just feeling good today is just a
positive day potentially going to stream
some just cause later I was thinking
about it this morning and I kind of kind
of just want to do that but I got to do
little therapy first and then then I
think we're doing Harry Potter again
tonight is going to be the fourth movie
what's the fourth movie bed Goblet of
Fire we're gonna watch the Goblet of
Fire tonight machines coming over and
we're going to do a Harry Potter I can't
find the reader for my micro SD card
that's a problem what's not a problem is
how I'm whipping up dinner right now
we're left with very little ingredients
our house was even cooking every single
night for like over a week now and all
we had was crushed Tomatoes spaghetti
and some frozen vegan meatballs so this
is what's happening Eddie and me you
guys only get the tight shot with the
food now not the whole kitchen because
you judge how dirty our stuff can get
which if I'm looking at it right now
it's pretty filthy anyway making
some dinner right now
sanitary quarter Tom then we'll likely
get to streaming because I'm determined
to do some streaming and this planes
with cause also if there's one thing in
cooking that I am like handicapped at
its cooking spaghetti I don't know how
to do it they always get stuck to each
other I mean I'm doing okay right now
but I always make Jenna do this part I'm
trying to do it I just always end this
with like a whole clump of noodle I
don't know why that's so hard to figure
out but it is one more thing I wanted to
show you my updated whiskey collection I
didn't show you this way yesterday we
went to a whiskey and wine shop because
we were shopping while we waited for the
dogs go daycare and I got a whiskey that
I've been wanting to try for a lot of
years
it is a Lagavulin 16 right here I tried
it last night and it was unbelievable
it is actually not for me this is an
Irish whiskey I got
my father has a present I'm giving that
hand soon but here is kind of the
updated collection we got some Bulleit
George Dickel
and pinch off challenge Eagle reserve
love it and I'm actually semi happy with
how my whiskey collection has come
together I've been wanting to build a
decent collection for a while now and I
kind of think I have one so I'm going to
definitely be going back to that whiskey
wine shop you can see they have whiskey
and wine tastings also okay Harry Potter
has ended and before I finished the
night and had often do some streaming I
wanted to just really quickly say once
again thank you for the outpouring of
support on Twitter and elsewhere voting
for me and congratulating me and just be
in my fam you guys have proven
once again how amazing you guys aren't
how much you you support me in the best
way so thank you to all of you guys
genuinely
not yet not yet Wow someone's coming in
for the claws oh it's my baby's good
hovering your leg
you smell put on yelling where's my mom
okay
you
