we thing is happening right now
what are you waiting for nothing is
happening northeastern Evangelist County
in southwestern California where I used
to work at the radio station in there
was a lot of rain or fire warnings or
even when nothing was going on we had to
issue those alerts and they had to do it
on a certain time from a certain hour
it's like the only thing that if you
don't find like one of the only things
that if you're on radio and you ignore
that rule you don't do you can have like
a nice fat fine coming your way so every
time I hear that on the radio I'm like
someone is playing that weather alert or
signal tennis over the radio right now
and they know that they fucking better
anyway good morning I am on my way right
now to physical therapy I'm going twice
this week is my second day because I
figured my recovery is not you know
lightning fast so I'm not getting so
much better each day
so might as well up the treatment I'm
doing and exercises that I'm doing
because I want to get better I want to
be a hundred percent you know I've been
teetering around it like 80 or 90
percent for weeks now and I'm ready to
be gone but it is raining a lot it's the
raining all night and it is now the
daytime and it's continued to rain which
I'm really really happy about California
needed some rain very very badly now
when I Drive by the Los Angeles River I
see actual water instead of just like
empty cement pathway underneath the
ground
California has hasn't had this much rain
in year
and so much rain this week I'm not going
to lie has been a little odd I've been I
was preparing pretty heavily for that
trip that we were going to do and so
when it didn't happen I my mind and
heart and creative energy was elsewhere
so I was rain back rain rain rain today
I wanted to share something with you
guys real quick this is a box of
something that everyone asks me what I
have on the back of my phone everyone
asks what this is almost every vlog
picture whatever ain't going to show
this people wanna know it is it is
called a love handle and they sent me a
box of custom love handles which is so
so badass that is vlog by Julien on the
love handle as you can see I rock both I
rock Jenna's pop socket and the love
handles they sent me because I like
having both four different things that
is what they are thank you love handle
much love all right so I'm at physical
therapy right now and we're doing the
grafting again on my shoulder which
means my shoulders going to get nice and
bruised up but it feels good afterwards
so with shaver looks what it looks like
I'm buttering up my arm like a piece of
bread
things like a ninja's are way more
dangerous that it is so you gonna
instead of coming across this leg and it
kind of yeah around a little bit I'm
sure I can shut you up okay
digital therapy is over and it went
really really well
super happy with my physical therapy for
I've been there for other injuries and
they really take army they do the right
thing I always feel good coming out of
it and my physical therapist Ryan lent
me it set a resistance bands to do the
work at home
the speeds should not doing a lot of
resistance work while I'm there is only
going to do so much so if I can double
that and do it at home very very helpful
and luckily because of the car accident
I have basically as many sessions as I
need to get this shit right and then I
submit all of the billing to the
insurance of the kid who's responsible
for the crash all I have to focus on is
just getting better you know don't have
to worry by anything up but I'm feeling
good feeling great
we came here for two things
I'm surprised no one bothered me I just
came up to this roof and I've had it
happen before where I go onto a roof of
like a mall or a store or whatever and
immediately like someone watches the
security camera and come to kick me out
like almost immediately so this is a
good spot I can just look at the sky
like a weirdo by myself without being
bothered so I'm gonna head back home
we're recording Jenna's radio show and
then I have that meeting with Colin and
I fuck with him a little bit he's
getting out of control we could all just
stick a pin in his back when he's
leaving are you sitting with mommy while
she goes over once you get a light tell
you look so funny if you're looking dog
I need a bra so Jenna needs a bra why
it's not inspired do I have this on this
one okay
you know the race forward backward of
the stronger gear and said that my
future that's why I know why do you feel
stupid that Pacific winter what does
drummers ear mean why am i beat boxing
why am i beatboxing look at these cool
little hotter dolls but someone that
does even added a yellow hair since it
rained a whole bunch I got to sweep the
top deck of the gym this is a gym them
to patio out here this is where the leak
kind of start they patched it up with
some white as you can see like black
material but I'm not taking chances
every time it rains I just sweep the
water off
are you selling you home
I know what you are real quick here he
goes gosh she's like the most excited
dog in the world and then she hears
parking and then she's super quiet you
scaredy-cat no scary cat I love you are
Oh general Japanese yeah actually every
week I want to see how to do it only
because the physics look really like
when they tested an upper side yeah
science come to the bathroom first ah ha
ha ha whew
why do you say yeah
barking God home he's easy to scare that
that's uh I think he gets that from Rome
so she thinks she's gonna get like tre a
key if she's getting soft
what is he so just kidding I had to
learn to scare cause I need you to care
I figured out whatever you guys do this
it was all an act
watch I give to a problem table ah
