good morning guys I am starting my day
with a little snack Mandarin we bought
these yesterday and they're really
orange and bright and I just confirm
that they are delicious also like the
new knife thing is pretty sick really
happy with it it performs so much better
than any other knife I've ever used by
them I will come very early this morning
he was like let's go so I woke up around
8:00 this morning
coz my mom came over for coffee yes yes
I know what yes yes I know beat you lady
you're needy but you don't know what for
you just in general need I just need my
mom came over coffee I didn't really
sleep too well last night it was really
hot but my mom came and left and then
I've been on the phone and on emails all
morning trying to figure out this trip
that I told you about in the last second
of the last fall because I am going away
this week I mentioned I was going to
North Carolina there was a specific trip
and job planned which is why I mentioned
that because it was about 99% done it
was close to a done deal turns out 99 is
in a hundred and so that 1% came up
today and the deal sort of fell through
that this specific job fell through so
it's it's disappointing but we are
working on potentially pivoting into a
different trip for something different
different projects whole different thing
but it would still result in me taking a
trip and filming something and that that
was the the idea behind you know trying
to figure out a way to keep the trip
alive whether or not it's to North
Carolina it was just about making some
cool shit so this whole morning has been
dedicated to that I needed that
pick-me-up thank you to the Mandarin I
want to give a shout out to the Mandarin
also come on give a shout-out to our new
thermostat which I have not shown you
we got a nest thermostat which is sort
of like a smart thermostat that's what
it looks like it's very fun to use the
dial it's all digital but what's cool as
it connects to our Google homes so if we
say something like hey Google turn off
the heat okay
down stairs off hey Google turn on the
heat to 75 sure setting the heat on the
down stairs to 75 degrees then it turns
on pretty rad installed really easily
and it worked really easily right away
so that's been really nice well work out
upstairs we have a gym back but I want
to show you pro into physical therapy
earlier for shoulder and neck injury and
we did this new method it's I don't call
it it's like scraping there's like a
metal tool and some lotion and they just
scrape against your skin and what
happens is the parts where your muscles
actually imply my shoulder looks like at
the moment it's got a bunch of dots
where there's like scar tissue
underneath so I look like I'm having a
reaction and I am its to fitness all
right is cooldown time you finish your
first proper proper workout even though
it's a beginner one in a really long
time
shifting out of place yeah I saw you
being careful with your knee that's
crazy
that ankle is awesome yeah it's a
perfect storm a weakness that's today
for us a perfect storm of weakness but I
feel good I really didn't want to do
this and Jen I was like get moving and
you get the endorphins going choose
right feel it it and now Kermit's
looking all the sweat off yes my god
nasty nasty boy nasty boy yeah we wake
up just like this the whole time yeah we
did I could everything just like this
and take it in yo dawg
that's my girl it's all I click in your
neck yes my girl you are Norma and
Norman Bates that's right
Freddie Highmore be my mother right can
you believe that by the way guys none of
you noticed but we're back in the gym
which means the air mattress is now a
box I took about two minutes to put away
and I did no lifting it was ridiculous
work I was done well you're gonna shower
King Tubby might be coming over tonight
I did want to quickly address I know a
few you guys were excited about me
coming to North Carolina I'm seeing it
on Twitter I've seen it all day and I do
apologize for prematurely announcing
that I'll be there not really like I
would have had time to just like go
around and meet everyone anyway cuz we
had like an actual shoot to do but I did
say I was going and I'm not going to be
going at least yet all the things that
we've kind of scrambled to pivot to
today we're going to need to wait
they'll at least tomorrow to find out if
any of them will happen but I have a
good feeling and I think a cool trip is
is a imminent in the near future so more
soon I appreciate you guys now I'm going
to clean my ass off and the rest of my
body
Wow what do we got here we're really
good at eating vegan meatballs these
came out nice our new food processor is
amazing we love it so much
can I help you I've been carrying around
treats in my pocket it's my own fault
but they can sell from my way and crying
she's relentless for these treat no
handoff cuz what what is it you think I
have oh it's what I had there you go
baby pigs ingrates we had a really
productive day today amidst all of my
shit that went down this morning with
the cancelling of the trip and all that
we worked out got a lot done
clean to clean our bodies clean the dogs
not really what are you doing tonight
with Debbie she just loves to me that
she's never seen fucking Harry Potter
she thinks she may have seen the first
one and none of the rest of them and I
was like well we were gonna go to
Disneyland and you were just gonna walk
around the Wizarding World of Harry
Potter and not Debbie's just trying to
have it so everyone else has a good time
not necessarily herself we're gonna
watch the second one and then I'm going
to force her to watch the rest of them
eventually
alright so second Harry Potter Harry
Potter what is the name of the second
one Prisoner of Azkaban no that's three
jinx either way we're gonna watch some
Harry Potter and I may or may not like
get up and play rocket League a couple
times throughout the viewing we'll see
and by will see I mean yes I'm gonna do
that right Google hey Google
go that footage that you shot of their
that up close Oh on the couch Oh wasn't
it beautiful didn't it look come out
beautiful yeah I was happy with it
there's they're pretty dogs they're easy
to follow but I'm just saying there's
something very something special about
the far away and the close-up that
you're doing yeah you know the if
there's something really anger in that
you know what I mean wonderful how
you're exploring these different things
and trying it's things are what look
what I was getting complemented give him
some wine I don't feel real good I'm all
right yeah
ladies please oh oh oh and we got more
oh so someone may or may not have
mismeasured the pasta maven jenna maven
me no one will ever know I'll never know
no and so we had to repay okay wasn't me
we had to recut pasta I read it as the
rice it was the pop you know what the
bottom line is why wouldn't we turn on
the heat does all of the heat in the
house go in this room it is so hot guys
feel this how hot is that is that so hot
feel fully created look at all those
colors that's pretty good all those car
not sprays that whoa
I mean dinner not for you huh
