hello wow I wanna know all good good hug
we're making some dinner and we have
guests coming tonight we've never met
them in our lives and supposedly they're
illegal aliens both of them right
calling in Rome
why are coming over to drink and hang
out and do no work which is why right
work Saturday night Saturday night we're
gonna hang out with one and carlin we're
making chicken and waffle sliders we're
actually making chicken waffle sliders
oh look it fries with vegan spread think
this is like the final hoorah of me not
eating well this is just like our climax
of our bad diet and everything we're
letting it all out tonight because after
tonight we are back on the horse
but yeah so I've got the beyond meat
chicken ready to get dipped and breaded
and fried waffle batter I have the peach
only because I'm making peach waffles
you don't have to have the peach unless
you're making peach waffles I always
make peach waffles and they're going to
be here in just under an hour we're
going to start fitting these chicken
ready we're going to make these little
sandwiches we got the sriracha maple
syrup thing sauce gotta make Colin feel
better because the Raiders lost which I
may or may not remind him of diesel
extra sauce but the sauce is so good
this is the chicken and waffle sliders
right here guys vegan chicken and waffle
sliders I don't eat over this it's like
wearable fun for him
nice oh good oh it's dripping everywhere
hello Mayo hey Kermit not for you that's
amazing
here so this walk line was given to me
by my mom a couple years ago my mom gave
it to me with a whole bunch of stuff and
it's a great waffle maker but the
settings on it are very simple there's
just one two three four or five red
light green light so you slide it to
what level you want and plug it in and
then it just cycle serene light means
put the batter in close it and then red
light means it's cooking and then green
light means it's done but for some
reason I can't keep up with its schedule
because it's like alright go and I'm not
ready and I'm like trying to get it out
so I have to guess every time so right
now doing an experiment where as soon as
the batter touched the iron right now I
started the timer and I'm going to
perfect the exact amount of time I need
to be in there for a good consistency
waffle and one that stays together
because I've had a couple fall apart and
it's been alright six minutes
 overdid it
alright so it looks like even four
minutes is a little too long but now we
are out of batter we'll have to solve
this experiment another time it's been
fun trying to eat though I ve
doesn't like
that's a good game yeah I don't like
this joke
oh my we're numb now it's a busy Sunday
now and we are running errands and we're
going out again we just came back after
a whole bunch of errands and now we're
going back out to get a bunch of stuff
one of which is a cool new kitchen knife
that Roma has gotten and flaunted in my
 face baby you single hell you
single pp help me Phoebe
can I get your number baby to them
sky is crazy on that
so we're going to the mall and we have a
few hours before we kicked out because
it's going to close bring her the Apple
Store and then sue the table so the
kitchen table sir the lunch table serve
the coffee table
certainly tab so the tab what is that
smell
please wha
it's the sulfur deposits all right this
is a real piece together vlog for you
but today is now Monday and we had a
meeting earlier with the potential
podcast producer which we are looking
for because we currently need some help
with the podcast and so the meeting went
really well really hoping things work
out Jenna's going to stream tonight and
I have no food in the fridge at all zero
so we're going to the store to get some
food and make some lunch we just took
the dogs for a long walk it's been a
good day and the hair is in a weird bond
button so get used to it now I need to
go finish today and get started with
tomorrow which is literally my week
because I am going away this week I'm
going to be in North Carolina so I got
to prepare for that very excited but
very last-minute thank you guys for
watching the vlog I'll see you in
tomorrow for
