your answer right now I'm going to mr.
waffles house for a little meeting we
have just made him the adults
calling our own meetings been telling
you guys that there's a poll coming up
and we're getting closer and closer to
announcing that so we're excited
I just occurred to me though that I
don't think Coleman has seen this yet
unless he watched my blog which I don't
think he did you have a little while I'm
tired you stay I'm gonna like in chicken
dinners ah daily dogs do you see baby
face you go up here like moments after
you shave you like my work attire no is
that an actually no we have a dress code
in this office
Hut you were sending a text I don't
believe you
Colin what are we doing today global
domination takeover of global domination
so someone's already globally dominating
we're taking that sliding into the yeah
I'm wearing my dominating anybody you're
watching this fucking clue he's so sweet
I definitely think we should start a
petition to get cornrows but like the
zigzag ones next week is a big week
we're gonna show you what we're doing
while we're doing stuff you'll see us
and you'll have more of an idea of what
it is but still gonna be kind of
secretive for a while but oh dude I just
stopped what are you doing for the last
year twenty two three baby yeah
you want to make it back for the Super
Bowl yes I absolutely want to pay as
much as I can if Tom Brady wins the
Super Bowl this year again I'll shave my
entire body careless pretty majority
they're like all waxes yeah I'd love to
whack too you know that would be if I
win that's like a spa day yeah
project has begun we are hanging in this
rack on my wall it's gonna be a pin rack
it's this giant it's actually kind of
heavy I did not think it'd be this heavy
but it comes with these brackets so I'm
going to measure out the brackets I need
to put in put them on the wall hanger
rack and then the clips come tomorrow
it's gonna take a lot of measuring
drilling dotting Andy working
Iraq is coming along the hooks finally
came and I'm quickly realizing how many
frickin pins I have I haven't even
finished that box and then I have this
whole box now it's time for a pizza
break pizza break whoa
take a guess of how much of this pizzas
for you which is one guess about you but
about a B but I do have so much pepper
there's good cause how much pepper I
have so we were out of red pepper so I
bought it on Amazon in this quantity I'm
gonna use the normal people quantity for
today and yes I left that cabinet open
yes I did
yeah I did don't tell Jenna I just
finished watching master of non season 2
and my heart is hurting what an
incredible show that is I really like it
what so then you call me a lot of this
pepper and in the same exact spot I just
need a pizza break down and then back to
the rack I've had pizza and now I don't
want to do anything I actually think I'm
gonna try to finish this later so that's
gonna be tabled on the wall I didn't
realize this but when you take off your
lens while you're recording it stops
recorded so anyway we're gonna go do
some sub games on twittering do some
subscriber games where we play with you
guys in games of bub G on Twitch if
you're a subscriber you can play with us
I appreciate you guys sticking with the
vlogs I'm excited to be testing out some
new ideas and different types of content
for this channel but right now all I
want to do a stream on Twitch so I'm
hanging out there
