earlier today I was turning onto a
residential street and I turned right
after the trash truck so I couldn't go
around him because it was a small street
and so I kind of had to just sit there
and watch him as he inched his way up
the street pick up the trash bins anchor
the trucks arm on it and throw the trash
into his truck and lower it and I gotta
say I don't know if you guys have ever
been in that situation where you kind of
just have to watch a trash truck pick up
trash but that shit's cool you know it's
not a glamorous job but it's wild to
just look at a machine that everyone
ignores every week just manhandle like
it's holding a soda can a giant bin of
heavy truck I mean I don't know it's
something I normally I feel like there's
a I feel like I should be complaining
about being stuck behind a truck trash
truck but instead it was like kind of
mesmerizing
I will never get over the fact that that
carried with one hand is my amazing
drone set up like that blows my mind
every time I use it what did you do
today because I bet it wasn't as great
as going to a doctor's appointment that
was scheduled for next week because
that's what I did today and I got a rush
home right now cuz Jenna's recording her
show but that is what I had it all in my
calendar as the 12th but for some reason
I wrote it on today's box instead of the
box under it I am I the way that I am
it's okay it's okay it's okay and the
reason it's okay is because it's fine
I'm sorry you had to see that oh that's
mean go calling nine two four four
twenty what's your emergen I don't know
you called me no sir you called me no no
oh it's still here guys the couch is
still fucking here Oh Jenna show is done
I'd say uh six point five out of ten
make that noise again
dude that is going in the wash
disgust for you oh yeah oh yeah baby be
disgusting
I got season use my pocket pocket Jesus
okay well I also recorded an entire clip
earlier but I decided it would be fun if
I didn't click record so I'll record it
again now I've decided that I'm going to
keep the blonde hair for now ah the plan
was to bleach it are not bleach it the
plan was to color it in like a week
because I had this color in mind but I
didn't realize I would like the blonde
this much and Roth did such a bang-up
job making it the the whitish blonde
that I wanted and I really want it also
how uncanny is this that's messy how the
fuck how the fuck he looks like me and
my dad combined into a soccer player or
a football player
but no no oh my gosh what was watching
Project Runway kids so it's called kids
project friendly little shits what is it
called
little shits whoa
can you stop freaking out if she just
did that twice
it's been an interesting day and that
interesting day has ended tomorrow we
got a full schedule of more things to do
and I have been invited to go somewhere
next week
potentially I will keep you posted there
will be more on that soon for now I'll
just I'll stay surrounded by dogs new
Ozai right go I'm gonna enjoy the rest
of the night thank you for being a part
of this day with me hope you have a
great weekend and I'll see you later
okay bye
