there is no couch in our living room
well there are pieces of couch
I have disassembled and moved our
existing couch to other parts of the
room we're still figuring out what we're
doing with this couch but we don't have
an answer for that faster than the new
Capps is coming so we needed to make
space the new couch is coming today I am
so excited
what do you row the captain needs to
have its own channel by now that's about
that's about accurate like it's been so
long that we've been waiting for this
fucking couch and it gets here today I'm
gonna get a call in the next hour about
when they're gonna deliver it it might
be a little tricky cuz I'm going to
train in 30 minutes but the hard part is
done this is all cleared out vacuum this
this was pretty nice the couch as you
guys probably know if you've ever owned
a couch I am up I am doing this we're
gonna go off the train in a little bit
and then back here for the couch couch
couch its couch day my god it's
happening it's happening it's finally
happening I can't believe it the
delivery guys just got here the we
locked the dogs away and the couch is
being and stall
the couch is here oh my god you have to
redo like oh my god so this whole piece
right here is like bigger than the other
couch was let me show you what is so
special about this couch this is why it
took five months oh my god oh my god the
whole couch expands to be a bigger couch
oh my God look at this now look how
fucking huge it is the couch is here I
can't I like can't even look at look out
it's like a party couch yes that's what
we wanted look look at this Jenna I want
young man Harvey was it worth it well
we'll see but so far yes
try me on it oh my god
flip our city
Raquel's is so good come sit with me
holy night my Gauss is like borderline
ridiculous and I love it
it's not good - it does mom you listen
it there's no room
we gotta move every weekend sleepovers
every night look how don't you there
room there's no room for you know the
dogs you gotta close the front door no
hold it open make it fun meat couch
couch meat there Mac what do you think
what do you think guys like the couch
what do you think guys oh you guys like
PT you like your new couch you're so
spoiled by young guys wow this is
ridiculous like you said it it's
borderline ridiculous but that's exactly
how we want it so this couch collapses
this is the expanded version so you
these things come all the way back like
this and then it's just a normal couch
but if you want to expand it for a
sleepover or just to lounge we're likely
just gonna leave it extended most
missing perfect like that spot Kermit
pick this spot I like that spot are you
upset because he can't just mash down
the cushions anymore Oh anything like
that I like this spot I think he likes
it either yeah he likes it do you see
why we've been so upset that we haven't
had it yet your brother would never get
up up that's what I was saying like we
were really hoping it got here by
Christmas
yeah the gate let's have a ceremonial
howling for the first catch I can't
believe it I want
come sit next to me this is like we can
never sit on the couch together no we
can sit together all the time
I know we can sit this way we can lay
lengthwise but look at our feet our
ankles are just hanging off return she
get a new ottoman though look what do
you think
oh yeah we're like little person in
January are you happy our butts are the
back of the yards oh I don't want my
feet guys see this whole couch you all
need to sit right on top of me I think
they like it
you guys happy with the couch all right
well the tasks don't stop we have to now
take down the Christmas tree because if
we don't it will likely be up all you
all right so somehow we are back in Best
Buy
getting some more stuff I like don't
want to be in here right now
but we have to pick up a few things to
accomplish what we need to accomplish
today I just finished cleaning up the
Christmas trees and tidying up a little
bit the house here and then it's video
time for Jenna and I think what she's
doing is a dog outfit related video so
we need to go to the fabric store later
on for that but I'm currently surrounded
by TVs just showered so I feel good and
I want to get the fuck out of here
we're now the car dealership we had to
get Jenna's car serviced and we're
picking it up and then we're going to
grab the thing that we just bought at
Best Buy but you couldn't fit in my
Honda Civic so the craziness continues I
saw I've not eaten though need to eat so
I'm still waiting here to finish
checking the car out from service ever
since I streamed just cause on Monday
night for the twitch stream fuck I've
wanted to stream it again so bad so I
might try to get a stream in later today
that game is just so fun it's so like
it's an open-world game but there's
obviously you know a story and missions
but the way you play the game is just so
incredibly too much and it's perfect
it's just my style so I cannot wait to
play that again for another stream and I
think the stream went really well cuz a
lot of you guys enjoyed watching me play
that game because it's such a Julianne
game that's all I'm thinking about right
now as I'm sitting here waiting for
adult things is grapple hooking myself
to a mountain and flying across a river
ah
titties titties we just went to Joey
our friend named Jo Ann's house no we
went to jo-ann fabric because we hadn't
gone in our last 24 hours so we had to
fulfill our quota just showing you guys
little sneak peek got Megan fabric we
got minion fabric I felt I'm the only
person in the world that hasn't seen
Despicable Me I haven't either I just
hate minions already
I don't need to see the movie to know
that they're just it's too much I mean
seeing the movie would help my hate but
my hate art is already exists just in
case you need some hate fuel we have to
make one more errand and then we are
back home but her new count I just want
to sit on the couch it's the day of the
couch where the couch won't let us have
a day on the couch the end I'll be here
til never good bye everybody
all right so we are back at home and
Jenna's starting filming I'm gonna go in
there and help her film in a second I'll
be with handheld cameraman today for the
video but I wanted to show you this
thing I got and I think you guys are
going to dig it so I don't know how many
of you guys put tape over your webcam on
a computer but I do and it's because I'm
like paranoid of someone watching me and
what's frustrating is we Skype basically
every single week with the Sirius XM
people to record in addition I have
skypes with you know a number of
different people for work calls and
conferences and stuff like that and so
I'm concentrating the tape off back on
but I discovered this thing and it is
called the protec privacy this is it
right here
so if you can see it's this little
adhesive with a block of your webcam but
if you ever want to use your webcam you
just slide it to the right and then it's
open then you slide it to the left and
then it's shut then you can be paranoid
it's made by this company I got enough
Amazon it was fairly cheap which I I
would say it's pretty cool because it's
a really well-made thing and it has
adhesive so it just sticks to your
screen and look so far it works fine
when I open and close my laptop so
although I probably shouldn't have just
closed my laptop
I was importing footage I put them in
the same uh I feel like him every time
there's a camera on me I feel like I'm
like that
I feel like I look like that yeah like I
never know what to do
where's our bark huh she's home watching
40 episodes of little people big world
yes so that then she could get through
all of Sister Wives
