so um good morning guys I'm fairly
certain that I just saw a stealth bomber
like military plane fly chest over my
head and two things one fucking stealth
bomber
I literally I've never seen one of those
in person I'm only you know seeing my
movies and read about them for really
flat looking planes you can see it here
that are undetected by flight radar
second thing my radar didn't detect it
on the drunk cuz I was at MIT I was
mid-flight when it flew like probably a
few hundred feet over my head didn't
even say anything about any airplane
which it normally does if you're in an
Arizona so that was fucking wild a
stealth bomber flew over me happy Monday
we're at living spaces right now to get
some furniture for some stuff
it's Debbie's birthday by the way happy
birthday Debbie we're getting some
furniture that's unrelated to our couch
our couch is going to be delivered this
Wednesday so I got the call today we had
to go sign some papers and then they
ship it to our house on Wednesday I'm
very excited because we finally just
heard something from them but today
we're not doing with the couch we're
getting other stuff
yeah all right so now we're in the
clearance section I don't know why I'm
whispering
it just seems really quiet here but look
how high the ceilings are I could
feasibly put the drone up in here and
scared look how big the ceilings are I'm
just gonna try to sit on every single
cell phone that I can I'm coming I'm not
being helpful at all
I'm just sitting on some phones I just
realized that it's been like a month I
think since I flew the drone which has
been a really long time because I
normally fly it all the time but there
won't be another gap like that cuz I'll
be flying a lot more with a lot more
drones coming up but it was definitely
good to fly again cuz I missed that like
crazy maybe not so much with the stealth
bomber flying above it but you know it's
an adventure tour
this bed is fucking weird like there's
just an X across the top you can like
hang stuff imagine oh you know what I
should get this and we can just mount
the TV right there imagine that like
you're laying
there's a TV I don't think I've ever
been to like a living spaces before I've
heard the radio ad five hundred thousand
times but I've never been to one and I
want everything and nothing at the same
time happy birthday b-but yeah are you
having a good birthday I'm having a
fabulous birthday happy birthday
in plain English ooh right birthday girl
I just keep falling behind I'm not meant
for furniture shopping I'm just bad at
it but I'm meant for testing out sofas
because I'm good at that
all right we're done we got a few things
here and now we're off to a birthday
lunch for the Debbie we're going to the
Cheesecake Factory because the Debbie
requires pasta insert pasta into
Debbie's mouth for operation and so I'll
probably be getting pasta too which just
puts a smile on my face
pasta pasta pasta
all right we're waiting for a table at
lunch and I have this which is going to
signify when our table is ready it
buzzes and lights up in red so I was
thinking I've got about 10 minutes until
the table comes and I have ten minutes
to talk about something until
professional cameras why is this I'm not
a professional picture camera what
qualifies is professional camera
that make and model
it's not you're not using yourself on
the tech picture so anything else on
your telephone
so anything not a side I'm taking a
video
it
so hi my cell phone I could
basically is that cold I don't want to
be stepping on your toes I just
so no Tim
okay now about my cellphone
I've not allowed to film with this
because it's a professional camera due
to the make and model of the camera
which I don't even think she did what it
was anyway we're waiting for our table
and I wanted to talk until this lit up
but now I don't anymore because I don't
have a mic on my camera cuz it's
professional guys also I don't know like
a year ago I was shooting hyper lapses
where I basically brought my camera
and shot a moving time-lapse and I shot
through this entire mall complex I had a
tripod my camera and I was here for
about an hour and no one said anything
to me and I'm sitting on a bench here
now blogging and I got yelled at so hi
Debbie why don't you just tell us where
as I said
so come on Bevin fifty dollars in a
cheesecake factory that I wouldn't go
over in the dance on the bar like two
years ago maybe four years ago we did
and I did it and I got I figure somebody
was stocking
we weren't at the bar we were at a table
in the bar area
we weren't eating there we met two of
our friends there there's no way you did
that are you telling the truth you can't
lie on your birthday that's a rule oh my
called yeah and I signed up to school I
figured nobody would let me get up there
and then once I was up there everybody
and all the people that worked in the
restaurant were like cheering because
they said a scene out of the movie this
is a lid they said it was like the
funniest thing it would made their whole
day their whole week because it was so
funny to see some old person getting up
on the bar and dancing there's no Asian
to that no one was cheering excuse me
man
it's a puff off the bar all right I
think I'm safe here we just had dinner
it was it was really good the food was
really good it was a little bit of a
waiting it was kind of like for lack of
a better word a fuck show inside there
but we are fed and headed back home to
see the dogs it's been a few hours since
we've seen a little babies so it's baby
time now no free baby time will probably
take you for a walk
it is now time to stream and wind up the
night I had to take the trash out
because we have a lot of trash and
tomorrow is trash day what is that
actually I should probably not touch
things on the ground
thank you guys so much for watching the
vlog see you
