well hey there good to see you and by
you I mean the camera knowing that it's
other people somewhere in there I'm
gonna work so I am here thank you so
much for letting me take such a
much-needed break for the last week it
is the longest break I have ever taken
as a blogger or on the internet at all
remember taking that much time off and I
really needed it and I think it did me
really well it is January 1st today
where I feel very good and ready for
ready peach you feel ready for a year of
loggin you didn't answer
we had a really awesome time last night
my step-brother max came over Brett came
over the machine was here we had a nice
New Year's celebration this is the
machines dougie Doug this is guilty dude
thank you dear what is this well you'll
be lights the camera so this is Kelly
she is another Goyal so those two coils
and she came with the Devi machine hey
you know what I got my sushi Shirley
wait if you feel the big reveal oh my
read them off but Romania did a vaisakhi
to my car come on now go Tony mockito
okay I'll have all these things hey
you've had guilty for four years and
neither Jenna or myself had ever met
guilty so we're very excited that guilty
is here very excited that W is here it's
a Sunday but we still have to podcast
and I think tonight we're going to go
see my mother and brother and sister and
I'm on tops for dinner
currently watching the Patriots letting
the Dolphins get a little too close for
comfort
yes me close baby a little too close let
me get on it man
get on it Tommy you here because you're
acting a little weird this lady I don't
know what this is did you see protesting
your shirt huh I never saw the laydown
protest I did this the sit-in I've seen
the stone-cold stand up like a star and
you know John Lennon and Yoko Ono did
the sleep in or the bed in right but
I've never seen like okay I'm just gonna
block the pole yeah beanbag chair with
my entire body what is this as a
passive-aggressive nonsense I don't like
this behavior from your oh yeah we got
coffee
she wanted to get rid of me fast she
came up she was like happy new year it's
like that's like wait don't drop it yeah
oh yeah you like the camera I think
you'll I think yo D actually likes like
the physical camera cuz let's get Debbie
caffeinated it'll be a party alright so
I wanted to just give you a quick little
update on me you haven't seen me for a
week on here in the last week we've done
a lot of preparation for the new year in
addition to that I've finally reached
this point where my injuries from the
car accident my neck is no longer a
daily bother my shoulder is no longer a
daily bother ah the pain comes and goes
as I do certain things but the last week
I actually kind of got back out there I
went and shot the basketball around felt
good we also watched the Ronda Rousey
fight this weekend with Mark then last
night we celebrated New Year's and we
got to see Brett Brett hasn't been here
in a while
because he's been really busy with work
and it was really really great to see
him that and a whole lot of just hanging
out with dago's that's been my life last
week and it's been great so I really do
appreciate the fact that you guys
allowed me to have that break I feel
ready I feel ready to vlog a whole
nother year and make it great and I have
a whole bunch of things coming this year
one of which I announced on Twitter last
night and that is I am dropping a new
pin collection every single month in
2017 it's fine
it is so fine is this a new year new you
new year no wheat pretty you're making
too much our favorite pasta bean salad
but
I started logging in today took a whole
week off were you proud thank you I was
saying earlier
I've never taken that long of a break on
the internet and it did me so good then
he taught me how important that is it's
you hi yeah we had fun last night we
stayed up pretty late
alright we're finalizing the pasta so
that's the pasta has to be yes tasty
tasty do you want some fried chicken
that was a gift from Ryan Berg
I think Jenna's birthday Debbie just
took guildy and peach for a walk which
is really nice because uh it's just like
one of those extra benefits and
positives too and Debbie visits that she
takes a little babies the fur babies off
our hands sometimes we have the podcast
and get a little bit of other work done
today so we didn't really have time for
a full walk we actually developed our
new route we have a new walking route
for the dogs it's maybe like a mile
maybe a little more we used to just kind
of walk them around the neighborhood
which was good but it was also like not
a long walk and it wasn't getting them
super tired and we kind of miss walking
so we found a new route through this
park that we really like so we've been
doing that almost every day we are
actually getting ready to go inside the
pod casts room right now and film our
first podcast of 2017 as you notice I'm
wearing a hat I've been wearing it
fairly a lot recently and it's because
this is happening the roots are
completely grown in and it's time for
something else to happen and it's really
long also because it is boy right here
this week I think I'm going to do
something new the hair so get excited
stay tuned I don't even know what's
going to happen we'll see
fucking got you get your shit out of
this year leave your shit in 2016 okay
find you on Twitter and bully Matt gasps
oh you got some mad gas today son
I can't believe the Steelers almost just
lost to the Browns Oh
being the shit come on don't get mad at
me cuz you're farting probably got gas
bubble you got bable bable did you eat
something that didn't settle well never
marble god
okay passionate that can run faster but
I can't imagine it coming from peach mhm
productive day productive vlog Bart
sorry I say sorry but am I really
cuz no
just the dogs will be happy about it be
happy that I broke this
