now
benarjee
she went to sleep it's Christmas Eve
putting a jet as nice as presents
underneath the tree for Santa he told us
to he gave us the clearance um so yeah
she just went to bed like right now
so I am feeling incredibly festive and
happy uh even though I am slightly
hungover from last night I had a lot of
fun
I'm glad you guys enjoyed my family vlog
and one of you even knew my step-brother
which is wild but I'm going to wrap up
vlogmas in this video and I wanted to
sit down for a sec and just kind of say
thank you before it was even winter I
was getting asked by everyone on Twitter
if I was going to vlog miss or in the
comments if I was a new vlogmas and i
knew i was going to do it but it was
just really really cool that's so many
of you were looking forward to it and I
always view vlog myths ever since I did
it two years ago as like a good
challenge I always thought it helped me
as a vlogger because it was like a boot
camp you had to vlog for 25 days
straight and you had to do it during one
of the most stressful and crazy months
of the year and I'm proud of that and
I'm proud of the idea that every year
I'm able to kind of just you know pony
up a little bit
and give a little extra of myself to the
vlogs to you guys you know when it may
not be super convenient but it's a it's
a festivity and it's important to me
because I attribute my first vlog miss
to really falling in love with vlogging
and I think it will always hold a
special place in my heart and therefore
I'm very happy with this year's vlog
nice and I'm happy that you guys enjoyed
it happy that you guys tuned in I'm
overall very happy and it's it's cool to
be able to put down the camera after
putting in the work for vlogmas and get
to enjoy Christmas with our families and
knowing that this entire lead-up of this
month was vlog I think it's very cool
thank you all so so much for taking the
journey with me this year in vlogmas i'm
genuinely saying this you know i know i
know every year you get excited about
the next year but I genuinely feel like
2017 is going to be a very very big year
for us I think a lot of really cool shit
is going to happen I think a lot of cool
shit is going to continue
and I'm terribly excited to share all of
it with you guys because you are my
family you are the dink fan and I'm just
kind of I'm kind of just filled with joy
right now so up once again thank you
guys for everything Merry Christmas
happy vlogmas and thank you I'll see you
guys later
you
