big to Pigeon Beach I always saw a
Christmas even though it's not Christmas
yet
he's been fitting into her clothes a lot
easier huh yeah also Larry Christmas to
me did it morning guys actually it's the
afternoon I have to leave to go to my
dad's house in like 45 minutes so I am
gonna go get dressed
gather my shit then hop in a lift with
Luigi
I've never taken a lyft or uber with
with my dog so I'm interested to see
apparently if you just call the driver
and ask their permission that's as easy
as it should be but I guess we will see
he keeps walking underneath chairs
because she likes when the chair which
is her back beach cooler
macho macho C Block C she like rubs up
against things you're funny
hey I had to order food to bring to the
gathering tonight to sort of participate
and bring my own food and I'm kind of a
difficult eater because of all my
dietary restrictions so let's just make
it easy and bring her on shit so I
ordered a bunch of fried rice caught it
I also I'm going to be bringing all
these gifts that we wrapped last night
as for my dad and stepmom just for my
step-brother is for someone little
fucker girl I did for everyone whatever
nothing for you just kidding
everything's for you I'm also bringing
my dad nice little bottle some good
bourbon I didn't vlog this but yesterday
when we were going to Desmond real quick
to pick up that basil and also hold on
one second that's better when I went to
pick up the basil I was in line at BevMo
and I don't know how to talk about in
the vlog I think I have a couple months
ago when they announced it but I found a
Lee's almond milk version I had been
looking for this forever it's a
completely dairy-free substitute for
Bailey's and I loved Bailey's well
before I you know stopped having dairy
so I missed it immensely so when they
announced I was very happy I was
also very sad because I couldn't find
anywhere so yesterday I finally found it
and I'm gonna be bringing one for me to
drink at my dad's I'll be bringing you
guys with me my brother and sister will
be there you've met them my step-brother
will be there I don't think you've met
him and then I'm back here later on
tonight the Jenna's brother and
sister-in-law nice are back get dressed
did you just Houdini out of your jacket
how did you do that I literally saw her
laying there in her jacket two minutes
ago and then she showed just rolls up
like without it
hey fam I'm tired of the jacket so I
took it off with my non opposable thumbs
how did you do that you just don't like
clothes huh
wish my Iggy liked clothes and you look
so cute and clothe you happy and get it
your way does you see behind me we left
this beautiful setup not because it's
beautiful and I love the decor of it but
because it's cloudy in my rain
throughout the weekend so trying to be
safe and you know it's it's all fine
it's five right peach it's just fine
he's up in the head let's do this let's
let you guys stand behind the chairs
glad I started with these yeah these are
the best ones to start with them we
could wear them right here are present
Thank You Michelle let's put more ok go
for it guys go be funny no smiles
everyone just straight that's what we's
now this lady lingual simply read the
pain is actually also not funny
hey fun yo are you fucking my little
onions like that person's getting anyway
let me just say my dad let me just let
him Darren today because that's an
appropriate name for someone who would
wear that vest on behalf on behalf of
all Christmas sweaters kind of like that
is the actual way alright so this is the
own I'm gonna help you with this ok
because well oh there's tools everywhere
we got tools we got hammers without
crowbars
Oh
basically together Leonard no she's a
mill okay you're a man must be you first
look boxing video uh table Joe we're
doing I just know you're in you are
great Oh what else is new him alright
remember myself nice and good let's go
say it's not work frankly well we got my
max yeah you gotta get it right around
the corner positions better look son
come on by the time you have this open
it's not just gonna be good baby Chinese
gonna have a baby this is gonna be their
first birthday present what let's show
the cameras it says honors that's so
cool
is this all coffee stop this oh my god
and we've had coffee so I'm thinking
just dildos fifteen types sizes colors
nationality 2016 this is the comedy I
showed up for the old Oh comedy it's a
snippet shorter yeah oh my god is gonna
fall oh my god they're on top of each
other
disappear ah is it hey yo
Marlins painting there was Gorbachev
attend it's all hope you were fine looks
like you I know it looks just like you
this is what comes up in my nightmare
all right what do you think what do you
think the local brews beer is I think
it's I'm hoping it's beer I don't know
yeah she's totally Thank You Julian oh
my god
that's what is this it's the Punisher is
you in shirt form
hey video blog I know I never understood
why people say video blog when it's so
much easier to save the law
I think they say it my videoblog to
distance himself from the actual thing
so I had an amazing night again with my
family and my step-brother and my
brother and sister and step mom and dad
I'm gonna get some sleep hanging out
with the family thank you guys for
watching the vlog and I was short sweet
not gonna apologize for being sweet
