it's been a fair while since I brought
this up on the vlog I would say close to
a year and a half but about a year and a
half ago we had a leak in our roof
there's a little outdoor patio above the
office and the flooring on the outdoor
patio is not weather proofed and our
landlord did not weatherproof it when he
fixed it there for a couple rainy days
later here we are it is leaking again
right into our office pretty much our
most expensive and important room in the
house like this is where our work gets
done this is where we keep our equipment
and there's just water falling through
the roof inside of it so this was a an
interesting thing to wake up to this
morning because it's not as simple as
just getting it fixed and dealing with
it we have the family here so we have to
account for that super frustrating I
just spent like 30 minutes sweeping the
water off of the patio upstairs because
what it does is it like pools in these
giant like puddles because there's no
slope they didn't create a slope they
didn't create any sort of drainage the
water just pools after it rains so what
I do is I normally just sweep it just in
case and now we are waiting to hear from
our landlord to see if you can send
someone to fix it luckily today
Jenna's brother sister-in-law and niece
are going to visit some other family for
24 hours and then they'll be back to
work so it does give us a little bit of
time
Jenna stand on top of our stepladder
yeah we'll fix this later so here we
have our beautiful new office as where
the water goes that is where the water
comes from really nice beautiful sign up
there so I'm calm down a little bit
our landlord sent over a guy to look at
it it's basically just we're going to
put a bandaid on the whole thing that's
the plan and that's the way they
installed it is you need maintenance so
basically they're gonna flex seal the
roof with something called Henry's and
another day they're going to come down
here and re-patch this because this is
worn out from a year ago of leaking and
we're gonna record in the podcast room
for Jenna's show today treasures from
her from our walks these are treasures
yes so this this was like first of all
this leaf was really big so she liked
this because it was really big and
obviously and I said that is leaf that's
as big as your face yeah yeah and then
this was important because it was on the
ground and she said I have to bring this
tree home for Jenna probably got a sweet
she loves you I love that but every
single thing was for someone like this
was for pg this was for Kermit this one
was for marbles because it was little in
marbles would wouldn't be too big for
marbles this one was for Julian oh I'll
keep it this one these are treasures in
plain sight
oh right target and over there out
behind me that way target is where we
filmed the missile on UFO think we are
getting some last minute Christmas
shopping done at Target and we are
definitely not the only ones here yeah
we got a dress for my knees that lights
up and plays the frozen something
literally is a dress that places don't
be kind of big on her and she'll
probably I'll grow it in like a year
how do you wash it you don't know we
gather a memory matching game and then
to have the gift that you gave me that
I'm gonna get her so regifter regifter
ha I'm Regan uh I got a whole bunch of
stuff it was like crazy in there but at
the same time it also wasn't that bad
wasn't that bad and it's like two days
before Christmas so alright there's a
clown over there that I just needed to
show you some bargaining building
can you show us what you've got for my
niece yeah I forgot the machines
suggestion
I literally just paid for it you guys
picked it out so no machine suggested
you're right she has doctors an account
so I got her doc mcstuffins toy hospital
so cute so the little kitty goes in
there and then the guillotine comes out
right oh yeah - Agathon's that if she
can take yeah so it has all these little
accessories she can play with this is
exactly to have a gift that I would want
that's what I want I want it to be me
kid sweet baby thank you baby oh sorry
because we played matching games I got
her phrasing magic okay Google
apparently she's never seen frozen but
love let it go and she loves salsa I
already wrapped I'm rejecting Julian's
dollar yet that's all I need
sorry Julian but then because to let it
go for like seven hours I found this
horrible oh my goodness never have to
ask us to play it she looks awesome job
it's like we always wanted as a kid you
get your you're in a movie you have
music playing as you live your life and
then you can dance or eat or whatever
you're gonna do but you are you are her
what would get in for a dress that
lights up when I was a kid yeah they
didn't have I literally when I was like
26 years old I sewed lights into a dress
and it was groundbreaking because you
can't find him at the store I've ripped
him out of a thing - so I'm into an
outfit I mean this is fire this your
festive Debbie listener in her row
yeah definition you look pretty festive
dog I think I'm a Dalmatian am i yeah
you're pretty good animation okay that's
it for me
good night everybody what time is it
present wrapping a clock that works so
well if it is really nice nap taste wake
up this is a great tool if you're
wrapping presents with nobody else if
you have anyone doing it with you it's a
terrible tool do you know what this is
correct incorrect it's a square this
this is square now directing now it's a
circle now it's broken Christmas
ornament that's real
cute yeah so I wrote 2016 on the bottom
ami chose it for her Christmas trees he
a mammoth is he a woolly mammoth he is a
woolly mammoth yes she loves elephants
so I can't imagine when she wouldn't
like a woolly mammoth what else because
my friend makes these she gets Kashmir
and then makes them into different
things and so she made these nice
fingerless gloves they're kind of big
for her but she'll grow into them
because she lives in Oregon and she
won't doesn't need gloves that keep her
hands real warm and also it's easier
fake she can do things yummy I got her
this little of this vintage this is all
handled right look this is already
pretty and fun you're such a good mini
Wow what's the rock can we walk a little
back kick Julian yeah show us what
you're doing I'm wrapping a present for
you oh nice stop stop it that is so cute
pretty gonna see the kitty when she's
everything else is wrap is this da
perfect who's helping keep it on leave
now
this is it that's so cute you Anne she's
peeking out of the prize like I want
that focus it's pretty cool honestly
little kitty good burp peeps thank you
for that bro
