good morning guys
right now I'm actually on my way over to
Josh's house not to hang out with Josh
he's in Hawaii
although I would like to hang out with
him and Hawaii sounds nice
the reason I'm actually stopped by
Josh's is to put some of the furniture
that we didn't get delivered last week
delivered this week into his house so
it's protected and safe he gave me his
key and we knew this was gonna happen he
was out of town so I am just literally
putting furniture away it's some
technique for a or for to lock
all right we're done all right I have
arrived at our meeting spot we're having
a meeting today about a couple projects
that we have coming up and we're
brainstorming for other projects and
we're really just kind of trying to
finalize a few ideas and try to get
something done at lunch because hanging
out with him it's like really hard to
get something done because we always
just fucking each other but you know
it's you know it's kind of cool is like
we laugh and talk with each other all
day long but at the end of the day we
are able to get our business done which
is which is cool so I'm waiting on his
ass I'm I'm a little early
I'll be here in a sec
he didn't even see me where were you I
was made right by the door Oh
you see you get tired calling today well
if it happens when your neighbor there's
shit on your fucking porch at 10 o'clock
at night and you don't catch him so you
have to call it police yeah that's not a
fun thing you're dealing with no but
it's about to be fun fun
we made the decent on the vlog I had a
good meeting with Colin and I'm headed
home now it's a rainy day schedule by
that I mean it's just raining I don't I
just always wanted to say it's a rainy
day schedule it's a rainy day schedule
sky looks really cool today because it's
been raining and the clouds are wild and
it's like sort of sunny but also sort of
still cloudy and rainy the only thing I
hate about today is driving because I
really hate the way everyone drives in
Southern California to begin with the
wind it's rainy people drive a little
extra nuts and the first day of rain is
always like you know the water on the
road mixed with oil it's extra dangerous
I just I'd rather not be on the road on
a day like today the people like today
that time of year again we're doing
extras video actually Jenna's doing she
just finished right my babies on the
weather good thing you have dog therapy
right dog where's Cosmo so here's Winnie
this Winston you guys have met once and
Jenna showed us in high birth this is
Winston such a good boy he's such a
sweetheart loves Chris about him right
now
yeah Kermit is like fully on family
level with these dog assimilated yeah
your coughs ah-choo boy oh I want you
then this is Kona calls my lungs
basically a bigger peach cuz he's
naughty he loves food right cones
also nervous yeah he's got a little bit
of peach a little bit of Kermit he
really loves food like we have to we
have to hide food from him or else he
will scavenge oh it's just I think I've
told you guys before he eats the kale
that Jenna's brother grows in their
backyard
they'll just go out there and eat kale
iconic yeah yeah no not only is it a
treat to have the dogs here but I think
Jenna extra needs the dog attention and
energy right now she's dealing with her
whole situation which has been a big
stressor for us and it's not fun but
it's gonna be okay she just cowboyed up
and put together an entire video for you
guys you know she's feeling like crap
which I'm really proud about now we get
to relax now just sick could you come
here you go see mommy
Winston sitting first kkona won't sit
like Conan issa sit first and winston
can join him you guys want to go to the
is our favorite squad right here then
the loner squad over here right Conal
any mad that i wouldn't let you have
peaches food i love you chocolate corner
marbles quickly realized his size
comparison to these other dogs very fast
salad oh wait don't stop cuz when he's
gonna go like this and he's gonna get
tossed like salad hey man hey
okay pshh why don't you do that I
literally just want to walk with you or
et she's I'd like you to come here
please peachy calm peachy come come on
she 1,000% doesn't listen to me when the
big dogs are around because she gets
nervous and scared peachy you know
you're gonna come okay you gonna come
here come on
oh look who listen I was gonna brag for
you about how you lost weight she's down
two pounds you're down two and a half
pounds almost 3 pounds peach I'm really
proud of you yeah as you guys know she's
known her in a diet and been really
really strict about it which is not fun
for her but she's lost almost three
pounds which is a massive percentage of
her body weight maybe like one or two
more to go and she'll be just all set
but she feels lighter she can jump
higher it's like it's noticeable okay
ready eat your food okay
oh we just finished dinner and now it's
time for the doggies to eat food so
peachy gets locked in here so she eats
her food and no one else heats her food
and she doesn't um else's food separate
feeding times in a super unfortunate
series of events it turns out that
peaches food is also right next to the
PC which is already running rocket
League it's so weird I better deal with
this ruin the dream corner oh I love
this cuz the audio so good right yeah he
said dinner that's gonna lose a room
with food in it he scratched his
scratches over there thank you for
making a little crumb joyful mom I was
having trouble eating his food when
Kona's scratching at the door good time
I am I'm doing really nice them so he
will probably play some Settlers of
Catan tonight because Jenna's brother
showed us how to play the game it oh my
god she's being so annoying he's getting
so much trouble with my mom and with his
wife because he's not paying attention
to them or his daughter thinks that was
a container they found the mobile app so
they're just playing it during dinner he
forced me to play online with him so my
niece will be like I want to watch let
it go on the TV like the song and
ovens like okay Nene do do it yeah
everyone else take care yeah you do it
it's equally his annual fault
you understood miss I know I promised
you some Debbie machine and there will
be more W machine but no get her in here
and Roper in but I'll get you some
Debbie machine in these Vargas and don't
worry she'll be around here so we'll get
some nice good old Debbie logs
she ain't going nowhere she's never seen
frozen I think Debbie and I need to
start a series on my channel where we
just go out and do stuff together called
the Machine time Julian in the machine
get your butt out of my face dude think
of a segment name for me in the machine
to be titled and then I'll just create
it and then it'll exist and you'll watch
it and it'll be funny for now we're
gonna go bury ourselves and family and
dogs you're a ham sandwich and I'm vegan
for jeiza Hamburg is like a so in their
case uh later guys
