all right so don't be mad at me
I didn't vlog all day today Jenna's
brothers in town Jenna's mom's in town
nice
sister-in-law whole family's here
staying with us and so today was spent
hanging out with the family and hanging
out with the nice and doing family stuff
so I literally had a single moment to
escape and vlog obviously we don't blog
and suffer on them not a respect for
them and so needless to say it is now
the next day and I haven't worked so I
wanted to get on here and just give you
guys something I will be doing my best
each day this week up until the 25th to
try and get some sort of vlog up for you
guys even if it's just like a little bit
like a little one take or you know me
peach on a walk or something
it's just it's hard this year because
we're hosting you know we normally go
visit them and so we have time
throughout the day but when we're
hosting it's kind of like all our time
is spent hosting in addition to that we
have Jenna's videos to do we have the
radio show to do all of our other normal
stuff it doesn't stop so if you guys
understand I'm coming from in the
situation I hope you guys are having an
awesome Christmas week and holiday week
you're spending with your family and
your loved ones
peachy girl are you in the bathroom
maybe I can spend some time with the
Debbie machine and she'll be down a
little bit tomorrow or maybe the dogs
that are here Jenna's brothers dogs who
are really fun Conan Winston maybe I can
hang out with them and walk them a
little bit but I wanted to upload this
just so you guys had something I can't
post today this is it so I'm sorry PT
you say hi to the vlog you say hi and
bye what's up lately huh
hey I was talking to you I honestly
don't know if I want to upload this I
just feel bad like I didn't vlog at all
today I didn't put any sort of thing
together but sometimes you know vlog
miss like I've told you it's like some
days you you literally just don't have
time when families around and whatnot so
come hopefully this doesn't disappoint
you like afraid to upload this like one
tag vlog web while I'm up here I might
as well show you our Kris
tree up close this is our little bedroom
tree right here it's really nice to
enjoy having this as like a nightlight
throughout the holidays and makes
bedroom really festive let's go looks
like models and that's the great case
that we bought for the dogs we rescued
this week I gave an update on the dogs
and what happened with him and how we
had to give them back and everything in
a lot of you guys were saying we should
adopt them and you want to adopt them
and we're gonna figure all that out the
end of the holidays as of right now it
looks like we won't be able to adopt
them just because of our circumstances
and our landlord and kind of everything
logistically we can't do it right now
but that's not to say we won't adopt a
dog potentially in the future or who
knows you know so peachy she wants to
adopt a dog no you want to be the only
dog you want to be the only one who just
one and then this is Kermit's condo
which got kind of a duplex upgrade now
don't we got this thing this is actually
the new content that's the old form but
we put them together so that when you're
in work you can see the other side so
it's like a duplex you guys say energy
flex huh Jesus all right look what I
might do tomorrow as I might do one of
two things for the vlog I might do a
live stream which I never ever do but I
might figure out how to do that just
because of time circumstances or I also
might do a QA so I haven't decided I'm
going to decide in the morning hopefully
you guys aren't super pissed at me for
uploading this the circumstances today
is just spent on family so I had no time
to vlog and I didn't want to leave you
empty-handed I'll be able to vlog later
this week I promise
we'll get some good vlog in action but I
couldn't vlog today so this is me this
is just a little piece of me in my life
good night guys I'll see you tomorrow
