I'll say hello to babyface Julian I am
up and Adam this morning heading off to
physical therapy you and smell-my facing
so long what is it about dogs that make
them cuter when they're warm so the plan
for this week is no real physical
activity or training I've been having a
lot of pain in both my shoulders as you
know from the last year-and-a-half of
complaining I have injuries in the
shoulders and ever since like this
summer I stopped keeping up with that
guy just ran a red light I stopped
keeping up with physical therapy which
initially was because I went to get an
MRI so I had to pause physical therapy
to know like how to continue then after
I got the MRI and then I got rejected
for like seeing the orthopedic
specialist I kind of just like fell like
out of routine with the whole thing last
night all of a sudden I had an
overwhelming desire to shave my face I
shaved my face y'all 2018 is looking all
up for a baby face Julian okay how long
will we leave the Christmas tree up this
year I say all year I said we go for a
full one-year
no all right marvels you gonna help me
with this so what I'm doing right now is
I'm gonna be ordering a pizza for a girl
on Twitter who bargained retweets for
pizza and got him almost immediately
like scarily fast she's just got a
fucking tight operation going on because
she this is sort of thing like she she's
done it before
her pin tweet is who's next with a
picture of her eating pizza the tweet
that needed to be retweeted 900 times
which was my demand Sophie and I got
retweeted almost immediately so I'm I'm
a little I'm a little suspicious as to
her involvement here but regardless a
bets a bet I asked for 900 retweets she
got like 1200 she tweeted me today she
was like are we gonna ignore the fact
that I got 1200 reads so she did me her
address now I'm going on Domino's online
and she was in Canada and I'm gonna
order her pizza she wants cheese with
green peppers on it basically the
Domino's Canada website Domino's that
see it here we go now we'll fucking
talking well do you want pizza while I'm
at it
we're near the Apple store because wow I
was in Idaho something happened I have
no idea what but my spacebar on my
computer has not worked right it gets
really hard to press so sometimes I'll
just like type and there will be no
spaces so I have to really press it
which sucks but first I'm ordering pizza
to Canada so the office is a little bit
in pieces right now and that's because
I'm doing something new to that wall I
want to tell you what I'm doing I just
want to show you because it's gonna be
cool and it just looks like garbage
right now but it involves a storage
solution for something that's been
bugging me for months another thing I'm
trying to accomplish right now is I am
trying to make it so the Twitter account
for the Jenny Lind podcast which is
Jenna Julianne pod on twitter is just
Jenna Julianne because I wanted to
encompass twitch and put the podcast
the problem is Jenna Julian's taken but
it's an inactive account it's this
person with no profile pic following
five people and hasn't tweeted ever in
their private I want to make the Jenna
doing podcast Twitter encompass twitch
because that way we can tweet all sorts
of twitch business we can't we're live
we can tweet giveaways twitch clips
that's another huge one so I'm working
on that right now but I have a couple
minutes before I'm heading over to the
Apple Store on this foggy old day it's a
foggy day I like it here I just realized
the strings invisible clear string taped
to the ceiling it's still up in certain
spots I think that's from the Christmas
in August video check out this new light
we got I gave you a bunch of letters and
you can write whatever you want and it
lights up it was delivered to our house
literally no idea where it came from
these are the birds outside that have
been taunting the dogs for a couple days
now
are you doing Holly doesn't love sitting
up there and annoying the dogs what I
got in here where I yell this shit is
done well look who just woke up Oh
morning thick boy have you been having
normal human hours his schedule has been
so funny lately what's your schedule
about you want to see the new sign we
made for you yeah
it's warning people about your fury and
sexiness come on go out there good boy
dad you're so funny
are you up there oh my god you're up
there god you're up so high
how'd you get it there had to get it
there yourself come here good boy what
is that is that the outside world big
boy I woke up I love your new schedule
will you write it down for me so I know
exactly we're gonna be waking up
would you mind that there you go bud
just got you some more water
all right hydrate up dick boy okay two
things one I think I solved the Twitter
issue I might have gotten us the new
handle that we need Jenna Julian and
number two since I'm taking my mad puck
into the Apple store you think I should
probably clean up my desktop first
because it's disgusting and a mess and I
don't want to get laughed at so I'm
gonna do that
I don't have my box so I'm sorry that
this is not a box store if it's a
package tour I'm dropping off some
packages of pins for you just packing up
my files real quick I'll be out of here
in 240 nope about 300 days
yeah 300 days so apparently I don't have
the computer anymore I have to drop off
my computer for two days I don't know
whatever yeah we ran in it Carly and
Aaron and Matt downstairs well we were I
don't even know how they saw I was just
sitting there and I heard someone go hey
hey they say that I'm a dreamer
these are shopping yeah the fuck is
happening when they lay together on
their backs like that they look so
ridiculous we're watching season two of
master of none it's not Sunday but if it
were I would tell y'all to go to church
and find Jesus what that's not what they
said you like pansies
