so it's the morning letting these guys
out do their thing they slept perfectly
for the night I was in bed last night
and one of you guys tweeted at me the
Craigslist post for the people who lost
these dogs and so I called him even
though it was like almost midnight just
because I didn't want them like freaked
out all night I was like you found your
dogs they're perfectly safe we love them
and it turns out the woman who lost the
dogs works for a rescue and these dogs
are from that rescue so they're up for
adoption but unfortunately we can't
figure out the means to make that happen
at least right now so we're gonna meet
her she's going to come by and grab the
dogs today this morning and I'm just
like super upset about it because I love
them I love them so much I don't want
them to just leave I'm just glad we
found the owners find when we found out
their names young - wait here this is
Archer and the beautiful old lady here
is Sydney Sydney nurture Sydney Park
catalog and about European army
horrible so I think we're gonna try to
take everyone for a walk we've about an
hour 20 until she gets here to pick up
the dogs you gonna miss them they're
teaching you're not gonna miss them I'm
just being a little baby
hmm currently miss them I don't want to
say goodbye to them see you sleepy I
couldn't in my head like imagine finding
two big dogs like this and having them
be so well-behaved like it's just crazy
how good they are so I think we're gonna
attempt walking all five dogs I'm gonna
take the two big ones and Jen's gonna
take the babies and we're gonna walk to
the park and just kind of enjoy our last
hour with these guys think what I'll do
because I had two idea last night and
then you guys tweet at me as well as I
think I want to post the info for
adoption to you guys like on my snapchat
get me on snapchat and I'll be posting
their adoption info soon yeah like I
want these guys to go somewhere good
there's such good dogs and there'll be
kind of special of what you guys got up
right also a couple of you were saying
last night that they should stay in
Paris and I am 100% with you they seem
like an absolute pair of dogs so we
decided just to take the big guys it was
probably not a good idea to take all of
them just in terms of controlling them
walking
Archy alone is tough he is pulling he is
strong he's stronger than Sydney I don't
know if I could handle him and her a
while while Jenna handled a barking
marbles and to Iggy's so we're walking
him you guys having a good little walk
aren't you cause the lady dicks yeah
lady lady's been giving us hugs Cindy's
been giving us big old hugs
yeah
go home I know I want you to leave now
their owners carer I guess right it's
coming to take them in like five minutes
and we're really upset because we don't
wanna say goodbye but we're slowly
realizing oh come on attic come on oh my
god it's a train we're slowly realizing
uh that they're kind of a pair like we
if we want if we could handle one it
would be Sydney but we can't separate
them we feel terrible about that I'm in
love sir I mean maybe we can oh
we're gonna ask and see what best friend
right now you know thank you for sharing
your parents guys I know they're gone
when we gave them back already missed
them I miss I miss her so much
you don't though you're like oh it's my
turn for attention I know Carm it's like
so excited to have mommy look how
excited PJ's IPTV buddy bye
hi BG hmm the dogs are gone and I
already miss them
but I had to run the CVS to get Jenna's
medication is in club paper because
we're having guests and we're gonna need
extra toilet paper sex your butts
wait TMI what a weird couple of days man
so the last like I don't know forty
hours has just kind of wrecked me so
late afternoon and I just got exhausted
I'm making some food for us we're gonna
eat but between having to take Jenna to
the hospital dealing with that um and
the dogs showing up and taking care of
them and then emotionally falling in
love with the dogs and then giving the
dogs back and running around cleaning up
I just it's been a while two days so I
am tired and uh looking forward to just
like chilling out a little more I think
we might stream tonight we're supposed
to yeah weird one
so the Debbie machine is here she just
arrived she is up in her bedroom and I'm
very happy she's here
we're gonna go to bed we're gonna try to
get some rest
get Jenna feeling better and getting
through it you know thank you for
watching the ball we are through 19 days
of vlogmas that is crazy that's me right
now
that's me as Kinect guys
