hi lo la glow we're about a podcast
right now Christian Eliezer coming over
they're going to be our guests on the
podcast and I'm excited and I just spent
like an hour setting up podcast room is
ready for four guests we have my Mike
just Mike Jenna's chair my guest chairs
guest mikes camera room is semi clean I
like sorta tidied up so yeah this is
taking up most of our time today I'm
really excited to have a podcast they're
really really funny entertaining awesome
people and I think it'll make for a
great podcast this is the mug that we
give each of our guests in other news PG
just ate food that wasn't hers so this
is where she is now so she's had a
little time out naughty naughty naughty
was that a fun podcast yes it was yeah
thanks for having us you're welcome why
does it go up Monday remember the ears
are going on make sure you watch it and
I should do a segment with us like every
week yeah yeah come on tech we'll just
go the comments last time when I
pretended to book your permit a blow
your nose in the mouth kiss I love you
oh good good yeah okay all right I get
it
second base Wow yeah you're the dog
whisperer I know buy chill yeah it's
your energy you probably mean they love
oh I just don't really like your job
they should spend five
they sense my desperation so maybe make
sure the picture of you repeat which is
like freaking out because he just found
out Jenna shaved her eyebrows there's
the whole video so we replied to the
podcast we with that yeah I shave my eye
I wrote it I revolve idiocies you know
it's fucking dumb like he did a budget
Julianne I did a Nike swoosh and adidas
logo yeah
and I wrote easy in the middle they grew
back so fast
ah I've been trying to get a shave her
eyebrow for a day look I wanted to make
a PowerPoint presentation on why she
should do it you should look I'll draw
your son oh yeah if you shave your daddy
can I help you yeah you're right hell
yeah yeah yes Jenna
Julianne's podcast we got my man Julian
oh my god it was like what
before the Monday yeah hi Christian
Elijah left I really can't even tell you
how happy I did with how that podcasts
went really enjoy those two it was a
really fun podcast really funny it's one
of those podcasts that like they are so
great because they know how to be on
camera but they're also just so genuine
and they can't help but just like being
themselves and so it was a blast and
their stories are a little bit
unbelievable anyway I just got postmates
to go to Whole Foods for me we were busy
ed links we can leave my brother is
coming over for a little while and his
friends to hang out we're going to watch
some of the fights I'm gonna make
gnocchi today yeah okay yeah we said you
liked these chips well that's what
fucking happens when we like something
what is wrong with us they are really
good so this is the knee okey I'm and
eating it's incredible I've never really
been able to eat yoki because most of
them have wheat in them and that's when
we get from home for the tenants just
like really good I want to make some of
that for myself and wife you fucking
love cheese it's Jenna and her vegan
cheese it's something else
children and we just get sad not even
when she's hungry when she knows she's
run out of those cheese's plan here is
to basically blanch the gnocchi you only
cook it for like a minute or two minutes
and then I'm going to cook this marinara
sauce and mix it with Bibb it right here
and it should end up to be some sort of
pink vodka type sauce for the yoki and
that's what we're going to eat for
dinner today so I'm going to get only
honestly gnocchi is my type of pasta
takes a minute to cook fuck with me I am
not the cleanest set up but this is a
gluten-free vegan vodka sauce gnocchi
Kerma is this your song sucks like it
smell nasty boy fancy world I'm a nasty
boys
looks nasty boy
Jenna what the shit is going on right
now this has been on for 20 even his old
cover
it's just that line you stop can I
control EJ explain us why she's
all right we found two dogs guys thirsty
no Lucy to be found these two guys
running around our neighborhood we
thought running around our neighborhood
and they're adorable and so sweet but
they have no collars and their laws
one's a bully
Yeah right was it well we posted on the
neighborhood watch up and now we're just
waiting to see if anyone claims them but
I think what were you bring upstairs so
I'm gonna grab the little guys are
upstairs in the bathroom right okay so
we're gonna hold on we're gonna take
these guys upstairs to our bedroom oh
wow that's such a good dog
thank you for listening okay you're so
beautiful what you guys doing what you
need Mandy yeah you wanna be the new
lady in town don't you my god this dog
is beautiful oh this is not a good idea
though because he's gonna pee all over
our shit can you bring him down
keep Hey oh he's so cute
yeah I want to keep this one she's like
really beautiful you beautiful yeah I
wouldn't keep you wanna keep you you
know her leg hurts her back leg she's
limping yeah
she does look golden I remember the
little one are you barking you guys have
no idea what's out there you have no
idea yeah we were placed you we were put
huh we were placed you know what all
right so we're this was a little while
he's the young one she's fun she's not
sad
we're letting them come it she's really
she's very sweet non-confrontational
this one's just have a lot of energy so
being careful ending it at plants being
okay though krumitz usually do you see
this last one overnight I became taking
over it yeah what we can do also though
to does have these hops sleep in another
room
or I just don't like we don't know that
man will bring tear things up ideally
I'd like to have him be great tonight
you know I mean well yeah we don't have
another crane what are we post mates
peachy heavy good marvelous - peachy
calm okay
peachy meat peachy figure basically
peach it's a sweet lady Ichi come on
she's harmless
I think we pretty much been proven by
now that she's not gonna do something
okay alright so keep watching I love you
so much okay peach bail to outside this
little girl is peach she just wants pets
she's very sweet a little more docile of
peach I'd say but she's been so good
like that that was God but
as you can see they're all interacting
with familiarize all of them each other
and they're like clearly someone's pets
like their well taking well taking care
of kin behaves for sure
so status right now hey hey yeah he's
penalize status right now is we got some
crates we post mated some big crates hey
you stay you lay down lay down
so the crates are gonna arrive but what
we're going to do is we're going to just
create them and let them sleep here
overnight feels like these dogs were
just abandoned because they were really
well taken care of they've no collars
and if they both seemingly eaten
something that has upset their stomach
because they're both eating grass so we
fed them game water let them go to the
bathroom outside and the crates are
going to come so again I'm here
overnight
their grades over there
and we're finally sitting down and
relaxing this whole day has been kind of
nuts we actually had to go to the
hospital earlier today because Jenna was
in pain and that was no fun so we got
back and we were just getting settled in
and as I was you know getting everything
ready I heard these two dogs and then
here we are so I think that's kind of
hardest Skerritt the reason I'll see
them off from part two of the squad of
five dogs duck dogmas I'll see you
tomorrow for part two of dogness
