let's just knocked my camera over
welcome to the bar I'm wearing the same
shirt and hat and outfit as the last log
because it's the same day and probably
because I wear the same outfit all
fucking time
I don't understood up I have to head off
to Josh's house right now but before I
go I wanted to say this because I meant
to say in the last vlog and totally
forgot pin restock this Sunday at noon
12 p.m. Pacific Standard Time this is
where you go to find the pin the link is
also in the description set your alarms
it is the final restock for the original
cloud Nimbus pin and popsicle yellow and
blue pin this is it if you don't get
them tomorrow that was the whole run
they are limited edition so hopefully
you can get one tomorrow we are doing a
big inventory so they will not sell out
as fast the last time I promised that in
addition we'll be having some really
cool holiday pins holiday popsicle pins
are also going to be stocked tomorrow as
well as original popsicle patches so all
that stuff is going to be restocked
tomorrow get yourself ready I'm going to
tweet it out also remind you of snapchat
and stuff but tomorrow at 12:00 that is
when the restock happens I also can't
even tell you how excited I am for all
the pins that we are going to release
next year now that I told you that on
with the vlog
Johnny D it's just blue booger just came
out I have my goalie where Josh's are
now setting up this table and we're
going to be a sign of life table bowing
you can't walk on the table we're
setting it up roaming Joshua over there
planning out the lights
we're gonna set everything up but isn't
this a fun colliding of world
Go Go shit buddy boy let me see get up
get up
what was that well is this donkey just
look at how she's look at the claims it
uh she's like I didn't sign no NDA
sharpening these lights for Josh right
up here camera I'm not gonna go there
I'll go off with the camera
hey let's guerrilla that thing to your
head I got a GoPro man don't you it fuck
this up at least you can document your
death
Yeah right yeah easy for insurance
purposes
that's tell me so what exactly happened
yo you subscribed and you can't attach
that nobody should take me hit Oh
wheeler
okay so put this on nails like I don't
like that what yeah okay do you know
where we're talking about Julian
have you got the spot no all right
awesome do you want me to touch your
legs in English not fresh first okay
cool
are we done up here yes Oh Josh this
this height is good for you okay no no
no no no no no she's just trying to take
these IDs on a friend you doing
is this this it Abby who's this good
song
oh the pressures on she's got too much
to stand up um we're building Josh's
table right now we did the lights mmm
that's done an hour I'm finishing the
other one of those two benches it was
nice though so just to kind of clarify
why I'm here helping Josh with Rome and
Colin you might be wondering Rome does
interior design and exterior design also
and Josh told me that he was looking for
help with his new backyard and I was
like Rome does that kind of thing so I
connect to them and it worked and so now
it's happening so I figured I'd come by
and be the right-hand Josh who Rome say
we look like you're like she's like oh
you're practically becoming each other
because we both have a beard and a hat
and we're white and well I think she's
just being raising she was just
appropriating us races some people when
they see large things of styrofoam
they just feel the urge and tendency to
smash it on other people and it doesn't
matter how old you are so I'm going to
offend him and he's going to eradicate
the situation hey guess what bro your
kids really cute but guess what's cuter
you're why
wait so you do like to take your wife oh
that's thicker
might be things don't break on you do
those I just like smacked you hard okay
come on sounds ego Julian okay
don't teach your children that it's okay
to be vying with one another Bowie was
he a goodly let's jump for this isn't
bad study choice okay you're good so
Jonny G Vizier shiny Jeep I didn't
realize that I made that type of thing
don't be able to phone your sister here
so the dumbest Johnny D team pussy whoa
oh it's room fucking blogging right oh
yeah probably I saw that you didn't see
anything
ah tight that looks good right you happy
so far I'm so frigging happy man we a
lot of whiskey drink vodka you and me go
ahead debrie ated yeah thank you this is
incredible yeah so you know all the
other turnout
knock-knock where's Bowie oh of these
fucking kids at Josh this kid's got to
stay here alright so uh today the work
has been finished on Josh's place this
this yard is so sick wrong basically got
these lights and this table picks out
all the furniture and uh probably gonna
be doing more I believe to the yard but
this is today and then I decided Josh
needs to have my smoker because I
haven't used that thing for literally a
year because I haven't been eating meat
and he's just talking about getting a
barbecue so it's like alright you're
taking my smoker cuz I'm not letting
that thing get wasted anymore so that
will be coming over here and this is
kind of a really sick yard I'm really
pumped and I have a lot of whiskey right
there peach he's been like a really good
girl but she's clearly cold and I gave
her the opportunities inside she
wouldn't go inside because she just
wants to be next nice so we're gonna
head back to my house Minh Anh and I are
gonna go to this party tonight
that's hosted by me we got invited to
the me on Dee's holiday party and you
know how I feel about me and these
before we go we have to have some basil
thanks brother
thank you yeah
woods for you
85 oh we've gone too far I might be
platformer that might be it
Colin we're going to a party Collins
called he just he just said to me I'm
not built for the cult I'm Greek I
wasn't building a Mediterranean dude
great okay was it a little beaut what
are the pubes on the top that the
microphone thing put it on there hi
so the wind doesn't fuck up the audio
that's good night Jake what do you want
to let go to sharp what you want to do
it we're putting your wife well I want
to be lit on fire I'm on fire completely
completely on fire among other things I
have more goals than just that
I think that I was like top of the list
no I think it's the most immediate the
most attainable I think if you tell me
to help out it'll be attainable all
right I'll let you I'm fine you sleep
and like I said it would be cool if
somehow you could like make it into a
prank video yeah like I don't even know
what's happening I prank you by lighting
a fire in your sleep
completely on fire maybe wrong would be
into draw are you done
don't comment blah Oh with a B and E's
party and we're freezing our ass off
because we're just standing out here for
no reason the party's in there but it's
also out here Julian had to spill a
drink on that's what's good ice not a
drink oh great it's crazy
go
presents
all right so we are leaving the party
right now the me Andy's party and it was
it was fun I actually believe I'll be
doing some sort of collaboration in one
way or another or both in the very near
future so thanking me Andy's for having
us at your party I'm gonna head home now
finish my drink before I go go thank you
guys watching the vlog see you tomorrow
for another broadness
