we came to office depot because we are
lacking organization and we need
calendars we need whiteboards we need
cut a little bit of efforts put into the
office so that we can keep track of all
the shit we have to do because I just
never getting everything right recently
and I feel like it's something that can
be solved God you can read all right so
there are this big whiteboard slash
calendar and this the plan is to put
this up in the kitchen and then I have
quark board for the office to hang pins
on and this is sort of a mini weekly
calendar whiteboard for the office for
me got this folder to file some you know
doctors that I want to lose will
probably also be getting some extra dry
erase markers and kind of whatever else
we feel like we need and then we're
gonna go put it in the office and get
the office all nice and ready for
productivity Keeton and Matt are going
to come by tonight and so I'll be seeing
them and so we excited about that keen
nose broken hand what the hell were you
- balloon in a Nessie work fuck nasty
boy oh shit right there
what yeah let's see we got case dr's
case ideas look how much you guys just
first off
hi cute alright so we did a little bit
of a clean we had some dinner
okay Google pause put up the calendar so
right here this is the J&J calendar it
is good step in the right direction we
haven't touched the office yet they
really have time tonight but Keaton mad
are coming over any minute now we're
gonna hang but the office is next I have
a mini calendar and what do you have
just some tape and stuff right tape for
wrapping presents we're gonna do booboo
drink sir mmm my dear to miss Barney
thank you
hey stop feeling did you see I'm a drink
here you need your apple juice is that
the idea time yet another question
what's up doc did you see what's on the
calendar Oh what's on the calendar feed
agenda Oh kill Keaton and Barry body at
Barry channel it's 1.7 million
subscribers like go add me at Keaton on
snapchat on Twitter Instagram
I was all muted okay thanks you it thank
you guys
see this is this is the rig like that ND
filter holy shit do the ND filter saved
the entire campus life
alright so Keaton and Matt brought over
this wonderful bottle of my wife's
thanks guys
but I tooked it's like sizing material
my horse and elder screws Oh God
don't not not Elder Scrolls again and I
took the top of the moai and I made it
into a ring or Jenna there it is
we're married married the only two gifts
that our wedding we're key than that
yeah
there's gay my parents gave us something
nice my way yeah ring it's a great way
your mom totally watches that ball you
sent you a Christmas card
oh uh thanks Kings mom he's not sweet he
is mom he's got it going we don't have a
short cut for loose enough Ranger there
loosen up or pop it loose it no no it's
gone off it has come off dude that
thing's on it'll come off well I'm
handing it to you right now no bullshit
but I just popped this so epically and
perfectly in that what happened I shut
off the camera that's okay
to say it's fine for the cord it's fine
because you learn from those mistakes
and then you record next time and then
you never know you might catch a robbery
on film what else uh Halloween
tell me Tony you uploaded today so I
basically try to upload a video about my
arm because if I messed up and YouTube
for a week ma let me upload because they
don't put it to your subscribe yeah they
just not miss another fun thing I've
been getting tweets all the fucking time
the last two weeks about how my videos
are not in people's sub boxes so I have
the same problem I just don't give a
fuck keep it away BB
unsubscribe oh you already are it's okay
subscribe below book yet so he posted a
video how long eight minutes it was up
for and I watched it just randomly I
don't even know he was gonna delete it
no chief occasions on no Chiefs got no
chief occasions on are we watched a five
minute video and it was deleted
eight minutes later yeah that's
impressive hey Sookie I just proved my
friendship to you yeah they sure do I
have any video buddies don't know God
daddy beats me thumbnail funny galaxy
specs yes you gotta she's fabulous that
galaxy you handle that
all right I'm not making anywhere I'm
just holding these because they told you
these are the snapchat spectacles but
Matt got them prescribed with regular
lenses and this is raw Rochester oh
that's just wrong
that's the only place that does it yeah
they're like reading glasses or not on
one yeah pretty tech one of one I don't
think I've never seen any other clear
specs hi never seen any clear specs it
somehow a Thursday night Bembe what is
my hand these are our mole a ring to
family good happy wedding happy wedding
I'm honestly like honestly really
impressed with what I was able to do
this you know send me mo a bottles and I
will send you back this for free
I'll get hammered and I'll drunk make
you a ring auntie calm slash it's fine
that's funny though I'm like really
proud of this look II like having
someone reminded I always good it's nice
it's really nice who's that it picked me
Nikki Elsa you deserved it
I like the side of it look at the side
of that point that's sick all right keep
me mad or gone I had a really nice time
with them I love those guys you're going
to bed
hey to be up in the morning for a
workout a workout not exciting but it's
been raining all night
and I love it so I wanted to bring you
guys upstairs to the bedroom so you
could experience the rain no no's in
stereo guys congratulate us please we're
not really married don't you dare put a
thumbnail it's like we got married
no we do that are you having this
conversation you think I'm gonna bake
that alone don't you think I'm better
than that that's something maybe it's
the question no you don't think I'm
better than that I'm sorry I only have
listened to the question our marriage is
failing make that thumbnail I think the
moment you start talking about the
thumbnail on the vlog is the moment you
just it's too late Tonetta but um no I
only made these rings because we were
just joking around but we are gonna get
in bed and listen to the rain
we got left bitch he wants us there well
he will you be here you went stay he
wants to warm up with his toy and then
he wants to to Ryu
wow that was fucked up
I am up earlier than I've been for a few
days and I am up to hit this workout did
it it's done workout is done very light
deadlifts and some abs feels good a
sweat fucking what is this a joke
fucking what I got a box sent to me from
5-hour energy including the new blue
raspberry I fucking even know this
existed holy shit um Thank You 5-hour
energy thank you so much I'm a big fan
of you that's fucking cool I literally
have never seen that flavor so it's
exciting to find it in a package for me
I just had pre workout before that
workout so I probably won't be digging
into that just yet but I'd say a little
while give a little while and I'll be
tearing that whole box apart that is
dope
so for the rest of today we kind of have
a lot of shit to do I am going over to
help Josh with furniture shit at his
house but you know what it might be
better off just being in the next vlog
so thank y'all for watching I just saw
an optical whatever you call like an
optical business where they sell glasses
and shit like that do exams and the
title was the eyes have it get
