I'm on my way to a tattoo parlor because
Elijah and Christine are getting tattoos
and I think one of them is going to be a
verified checkmark like on Twitter
tattoo so I think I'm here I'm at like
outside of this tattoo shop and I think
the question now is do I get a tattoo
and the easy logical answer is no but
what's the actual answer I think they're
outside I don't even know what side of
the street this thing is on sometimes
you just got to go watch your friend get
a checkmark tattoo
you know picture hey Dad are you doing
as good to see you how you doing yeah
are you trying to play today
yeah already in a ceramic dreidel wait
what are you getting I'm getting a
little George Harrison son from your
console son this one-handed right ante
or I got a haircut video from my wait
Christine what is that send your checks
you gonna tattoo out of other movies
traffic light is it any eyes I can fight
for I for that matter blue you better
get black are you sure
oh if you're paying for it cost extra
yeah how much how much is inferred to be
on the blue oh like 80 bucks
and then black I'll take care of it no
what's pleasure will split the 20 I know
my treats is a lot of our beer since I
can't get rich because that's too big it
has to be something very simple gonna
drive me woman and in my face but you
sexy silhouette not just your
what should I get
I was getting it at Zayn with a check
mark on her ankle just Zane's Twitter
handle with the check mark that's it
are you fucking like some up a little
bit with each other um a woman just
walked in wearing a wear a jersey is
pants and then I was IV was it going hey
Dad and then she she asked if she could
get a five-letter tattoo and then asked
if it would be cheaper she got it on her
vagina Zayn she stole your phone charger
for sure very serious I'm pretty sure
she did she grabbed she had a yellow
cord nur hands I'm pretty sure she got
all of my money that she grabbed that's
that's what she cried it was my money
there was money there I don't know
all right you just took my money
you just took I'll give you $20 if you
give me all my money back yeah because
you're here you're stealing money you
just stole all my money those on the
counter
give it there you go do you need money
I'll give you $20 I'm nice there you go
all you guys just ask for money don't
steal from people
what
did you get that I got hey did you based
on I've even record that it was just on
Facebook I literally put it I believe it
on heat I was like face on you got this
oh my god that was so good
do you know what you gave her money well
I just like that with guys to do so by
filling my money before you bother yeah
we got it yeah Jesus I thought there's
this important
hey Julian Smith fucking Giada hi with
Elijah once don't scare me like that my
god you took my money please that scares
you my god said as you were walking away
if you wanted a picture these pictures
out that's the best part I hope you got
that on film
oh yeah Kersey here's a two now is the
worst content of God tonight right she's
like you stole my shot
right and he just owns so I don't know
either explain what just happened
they took Zane's money that girl and we
ran after her and Zayn got it but she
was completely mess her pants were
falling down right her hands were all
the way on the ground at one point she
was bleeding through her nose oh four
and then left and we realized she had
Jack hangs out with Elijah once did she
take more she said yeah alone
okay I bet she had 120 in her pocket
remember so I gave her another 20 so she
has 40 gone she came out she played me
his deep but you know what he might give
you in 20
it's on I take 122 said he doesn't know
walked up to me and she was like okay
somebody 20 bucks 41 about a big Bugaboo
here's the rub Montgomery I'm at 40 yard
line
music lutein muscle she's so me
announcer she brought us something I got
robbed by a homeless woman
Grosso he'll Julian is like beautiful
looks are nice to come come oh my god
that's so beautiful baby baby I mean
it's all us that looks actually Melly
good what the fuck is tonight I'm gonna
call it a night what the fuck was that I
have no idea how I found myself in that
situation tonight like I can't even
explain it everything you saw is exactly
how it fucking went down we were there
to go watch them get tattoos and this
lady walked in like literally with a
Jersey upside down on her legs as pants
and her pants kept falling down and like
her nose started bleeding it was just
the most insane thing ever and then we
realized she took Jane's money and we
chased her down in a fucking cata pack
and then apparently after I left she
brought back his charger cable that he
had on the counter with his cash that
she took also so we fucking full-blown
got jacked and then caught the thief who
stole the money
I mean Zane gave her 20 bucks because
he's like way too nice then he realized
that she had already pocketed 20 so she
gave him the wad minus 20 so she ended
up with 40 bucks so she's like a total
hustler like causing the diversion in
the store and everything like it was all
so fucking crazy calculated but we were
all just like what the fuck is happening
what the fuck is happening and dying
laughing all the same time so that's my
night I also got some pretty fucking
annoying news tonight which Peach is
also upset about as you can tell the
couch of course is not going to be here
this month it's going to be your next
month which is such a bitch because we
are going to have guests this month come
on in couch so that like took the wind
out of our sails a little bit but we'll
get it in January hopefully and yeah
yeah you know like sometimes you have
like a weird fucking day and you don't
know why and shit just happens and
yesterday I need her sleep
