good afternoon I am just about to jump
on a Skype call with kami from free
radicals to talk about some pin business
some pin this yeah for specifically we
are discussing our next few collections
and pins that we are developing we're
going to go over some designs talk about
what we want for 2017 by the way I am
100% so motivated to do more with the
pins next year the way you guys have
received them I've enjoyed making them
and the response you've got from having
them and putting them on your backpacks
and whatever and I just think it's such
a cool item
so 2017 I can promise you is going to be
a really big year for the pins we're
actually having a restock this Sunday
I'll give you guys more info as that
date approaches but it's gonna be this
Sunday a series special restock
unfortunately this is confidential if
you're wondering why I'm fucking playing
cookie clicker I don't know the answer
either I was just watching Adamic
Svidler bath addiction and he mentioned
cookie clicker and so I played it that's
a huge ass fucking spider want to see
bitch get on my house I know what all
you Australians are like yeah you think
that's big you should see our Huntsman
no thank you I know you have bigger
spiders and it's not a contest
they all are nope all of them are they
all know are they all know w guarding
the door barking every time you hear a
peep you need a walk don't look what I
just finished without the help of
marbles but let's just say he helped me
was 2017 all mapped out for my pins I
would say 90% mapped out hints I'm going
to release when I'm going to release
them how I'm going to release them and
designing those pits so that is number
one those emails that Colin and I were
working on yesterday have been sent and
now we need to like keep correspondence
going because basically what we're doing
is we're pitching concept ideas to
different people and brands so that we
can execute some some cool projects that
are like our passion project which has
been really cool because it feels like
we're on
the path to do some pretty dope stuff
Ichi is here now name a more iconic duo
I won't wait alright so I just checked
our mail today and we got this package
from our friends at mid-roll think I've
talked about it it's a company that
helps us get our sponsors with the
podcast and they sent us these pairs
it's a whole package but Harry and David
royal Rivera pairs and this is what
comes in the box it's just a really nice
gesture I wonder what this one is this
was wrapped in gold foil this one's
probably special though huh
I want to eat that one that one's mine
what's in the box
pears are in the box I call the gold
pear by the eye bed babe you're not even
gonna find me find me with the bows give
me a ball one ball half of a ball okay
so in case of emergencies so I'm going
to go through each part of this bag
right now
this is kind of everything laid out for
you this is a flat lay of the emergency
bag let's just start with the food nuts
these are mixed nuts two giant bags of
mixed nuts high in calories good for
when you don't have food and you need
energy and you're low on both so two
bags of those and then I have energy
bars right here he's not kind for food
that is what I packed it's a really
efficient packed in calories and fats
and protein and in the event we were
hungry and we can't get food I feel like
that's a good thing to have next we have
a roll of duct tape this is pretty
self-explanatory this can be used for a
million things which would work nicely
with these two tarps I got two 8 by 12
feet Arps on that you can use for so
many different things in the event
whether we are wet and we can't protect
ourselves from water in whatever
environment we found ourselves in tarps
can be one of the most essential things
you can have so I have two of those you
can even build some sort of roofing with
it like a makeshift tent next I have my
trusty flashlight this is the Phoenix PD
35 tactical flashlight a thousand lumens
right in your facehole this flashlight
is my favorite flashlight I've owned
because I have that and I need more
power for it I have a holster of 18 650
batteries all charged up this is the
battery that goes in that light while
we're on the topic of power let's talk
about our power sources in the event of
emergency I have gotten us this anchor
power brick which can charge three USB
devices at once right here if you've
never used an anchor power brick you
don't know but they are so efficient for
those devices that we might need a
charge that don't fit into a USB I got
the Beast over here which is made by
charge tech this right here is fucking
cool it can charge USB devices or full
power devices that you would normally
plug into the wall this one has 27,000
milliamps of charge in it and it's all
charged up right now so
this is huge moving on we have a lantern
device goal zero lighthouse 400 turn on
for you that's as bright as it can get
which is pretty damn bright so it's got
one setting we can go all the way up
then if you go to the left it goes just
to its power saving setting you're going
to need light in an emergency when
there's no power we found that out kind
of the hard way when we had a power
outage and we didn't have light we just
lit some candles and you know I had my
headlamp and shit but this will light up
a room it's awesome it's got the battery
indicator right there so you can see how
much battery is left you can even charge
devices from the lantern so if you are
using this lantern at full battery and
your phone is dead you can plug your
phone into the lantern to get power
obviously it'll drain the lanterns power
but it's a good feature to have these
come down like that and it stands on a
surface kind of like that a really cool
thing about this Lantern is one the USB
cord to charge it is built right in so
you don't need to look for this anytime
you need to charge it it's built in it
and it circles around and just chills
right there so that's how you charge it
if you have the ability to charge it
that way in the event of an emergency
which is why we're here this on the top
right here pops off and you can crank it
believe it's for every 10 minutes of
cranking you get an hour of light which
is I mean super clutch yeah in an
emergency situation when you might not
have power you can crank this for 10
minutes and get an hour of light huge
piece of the puzzle right here so far
it's been amazing I would highly
recommend having this moving on to the
water department we have an awesome mug
that was given to you by a tin cup
whiskey which is really cool because
it's a carabiner as the handle so you
can hold it but you can also clip it to
your bag really helpful can you water in
a cup to feed your dog so pick yourself
whatever also for water I have these
katadyn be free filtered water pouches
these are called
Hydra packs it's this device okay this
is a filter that filters the water from
here so what you do you fill this pouch
with any sort of water you can find
river water faucet water shower water
any water that you have access to you
put it in here and you fill it all the
way up then you screw on the top and any
water that you drink is going to be 99%
filter safe to drink water from any
source which is amazing another feature
which is great is one
you've done you get to just rinse this
filter out in whatever water even if the
water is not cleaning you just rinse the
filter out and it'll be good to go for
another use I would say this is huge in
having in your go-bag for when you don't
know where you're going to be able to
find water while we're still in the
waterfront literally I got iodine
tablets which are basically tablets that
you can put in unpurified water to
purify them and make them safe for
drinking so I got two cases of this
they're tiny but they have a bunch of
tablets and I'm just in other ways you
get clean water when you don't have
running water
we're almost done one of the last things
we have is a first aid kit I got this
from REI this is a backpacker weekend
kit which means it can help treat small
group of people for a small amount of
days there are obviously bigger first
aid kits that you can carry for longer
trips or longer events or more people I
think this is a fitting size for what we
need in our go bag so I got this one and
lastly I got a sleeping bag which I'm
not going to take out of its case
because it's going to be kind of a bitch
but this is from the North Face it's a
dual sleeping bag so it's made for two
people to sleep in which is ideal for
someone like us where you know if we can
grab one bag and we have a bed for two
that's ideal for the most part this is
the go back this is what I've compiled
this is what I'd feel comfortable with
in an emergency that's what I got for
you most of the stuff I got from REI I
got the water bottle the iodine tablets
that tarps the duct tape and this
sleeping bag first-aid kit had Lantern
all from REI the rest I think I got from
Amazon now I'm going to pack it up in
case of emergency
all right well obviously help not to be
using that anytime soon but I'm really
happy there's sort of a peace of mind
that goes along with the compiling
something like that getting ready and it
turns out the sleeping bag actually does
fit inside there so it is one compact
back do you guys have any questions or
suggestions for me I'll leave in the
comments but I know there were a lot of
comments yesterday when I asked if you
guys wanted to see this that you wanted
to see this so hopefully you got a kick
out of it we're going to be shooting for
the rest of the night so I'm going to
close out the vault but thank you guys
for watching this in case of emergency
get your shit together
