oh my god
is Johnny Depp using my computer mr.
Depp shut up you wish you had hair like
this I did it was better I can't die why
here I asked him to type that email and
now I'm distracting him we were having a
sort of business meeting right now about
our projects that we're developing and
coming up with in column start around
just in lapa I can try phone look I see
what I'm typing and send that's funny
that's a bullshit hub
team pussy don't dude fuck I want to say
something to the team not pussy
you don't get my platform to talk to
your team no no come closer okay now
that we're alone I just want to say
something to you never give up never
surrender that's tiny that's fine I
think that's actually from singing
Private Ryan it's from Johnny Depp when
the guy eating Johnny holding his own
arm and looking around for what happened
why are we laughing that's it we
shouldn't be laugh that's so that one is
yeah funny look at clones pop sockets at
the bottom is phone dude tight tight
let's see how it stands wow I was good
all right what now Jeter that was my
knee that was my knee just popped
no wait so you were there mm-hmm how old
are you 500 says right there I was 500
years old
September 1984 it haven't here what do I
look why do I feel like a small child at
this desk put it up are you so gigantic
seriously because when some two people
love each other very much they did you
cry take another time Collin work work
faster Collin now I can't do it while
you're doing it distract distract
finishing an email right now which
Collin was just really struggling to do
but check out my new sweater
merry breakfast pretty fucking sick Josh
Elkin a good friend the wizard in the
kitchen has sent us these sweaters this
is his limited run holiday March so you
can get it it's a it's a really cool
like 8-bit Christmas sweater ugly
Christmas sweater with merry breakfast
on it so thanks Josh I'll link that in
the description if you guys want your
own merry breakfast I am realizing that
it's what 3 p.m.
haven't eaten why am I the way that I am
I love to pitch you I can hear myself
thinking in the microphone camera yes I
don't like her phones work that's how it
works how my brain works your brain
works why don't you tell everybody what
you tell everybody what happened yeah I
feel like we got a lot done today we did
we actually got to say goodbye goodbye
goodbye a little stinky I swear to God
he's shrinking okay watch he won't bark
don't bark okay yeah okay good boy good
boy bye I was actually kind of
impressive total accident all right
later guys
I'll talk to you right now right all
right so this day kind of got away from
us but tonight Jenna and I have come up
with an idea of what we're going to do
and it's pretty exciting we are going to
go to Target and we each have $20 to
spend to get the other person a gift or
a collection of gifts or make a gift the
point is you get to a lot the $20
however you see fit to make the best
gift for the other person so we are
going to head over to Target and we're
gonna bring our 20 bucks and peach is
going to stay here knee right you guys
say yeah that's how it works that's how
the game works your pet stays at home
when the game happens and we are going
to come back and on the vlog we are
going to show each other what we got I
don't know if this exists it probably
does but I just figured we could have a
cap of what we could spend and it could
be fun because we could get creative
with it
festive but it's also not so much money
so we're going to go do that right now
let's go to Target Burger the challenge
peach you stay here are you ready for
the challenge
it's so weird bogging like individually
vlogging well we like go about our days
I'm used to just like me being the only
crazy person talking about camera but
now there's two of us every day vlog
miss you're a weird motherfucker by the
way real quick this go-bag that I talked
about for so long is finished it's done
so I can make a video showing you the Go
Bag maybe I'll do that tomorrow
maybe I'll go through the Go Bag
tomorrow the Go Bag is the emergency
preparedness bag that I compiled
collected and created after our latest
power outage because I wanted to have
one for disasters and emergencies and I
think I created a pretty nice one so you
know what let me know in the comments if
you want to see a video on that I'll do
tomorrow and if you don't want to see a
video on it then just freak out and I'll
just know what that means
one last thing before I leave for target
is this is the little motherfucker I'm
going to be taking with me to vlog
because I don't feel like carrying a big
camera around while I shop will be
helpful to me this has been turning off
mid recording you guys have seen the
proof of it hopefully you can hold up
really don't have to get another GoPro
so don't make me do that thanks
look so you have 20 bucks okay where you
do your 20 bucks
something about this just seems really
problematic to become wondering if I
should get her like a game like an Xbox
game she would like but then it would
have to be either used or old with no
new games or 20 bucks or I could get her
like a little toy it's just about what
route I want to go are you something
yeah yeah what you getting we don't we
doing this now well we're gonna have to
check out I think it's especially
romantic over you in the middle of
target and like scream that was so
exciting yeah I got you this no no no no
just really I reject that yeah Ireland
1999 is that really what you got me yeah
I got you a way more fun gift I got your
Star Wars another Lego Jango Fett oh
thanks I got you this you can paint your
own desert well oh that's fine you like
it yeah we do
yeah all right there we go their 2000
target challenge is over high-five fun
that was fun now it's going those are
toys we don't have to wrap them don't
wrap mine or else I rejected all right
I'm excited to go home and build some
Legos are you excited to go paint some
dessert that you can't eat cuz it's
plastic I was
oh that's actually really good idea she
would love to put all right well that
makes me happy about that gift then it's
more meaningful yeah so we got home and
we're gonna play some Hmong colic who's
Jenna got a sediment call oh there's a
really fun game for those who have
played it you play with these like
really smooth little circular stones or
rocks and you distribute them amongst
the board and this is when we got but
what the fuck is this what is this
they're like rocks they should be like
circular little stones and these are
really like aesthetically displeasing to
me we got we got ripped also it's it has
a certificate of authenticity
what good is she not vented this is a
certificate of derivative night we're
gonna play some Hmong kala with some
jagged sharp dangerous red rocks that
shouldn't be involved in this game
should I be this upset about something
this small no am i no Emma actually yes
okay so at first I was just like
jokingly annoyed with these little
pieces from our column but they actually
don't work you're supposed to be able to
supposed to be able to and scoop all of
them up so they should all be smooth and
rounding off the edges these don't do
that look I can't I always miss one like
cuz they're jagged they just like fall
out of your hand like this is crazy I am
honestly surprised like I understand
different versions of game pieces exist
but this is just so dysfunctional I
literally can't hang one from always
leaving some behind whoa you made a
pyramid Congrats at least something
positive came out of these games things
that pissed me off more than they should
are just really illogical decisions made
by someone at some point
