being a fool baby girl morning guys
I am sitting here with peach while she
eats her breakfast she's been on new
food as of recently so she likes when I
sit with her while she eats and makes
her more comfortable what did she ever
do wrong to me I mean it's kind of a
good guy
so I woke up today feeling pain in my
shoulder jeanna watching my vlogs sounds
like she's watching my vlog that's sweet
my injury with my neck it goes down my
neck into my back like to the back of my
shoulder and yesterday I did some really
really really light exercises sort of
like shoulder prehabilitation exercises
you know to kind of strengthen the
muscles back up you would normally do
them when you're healthy to prevent
shoulder injury and so it's basically
just some raises and it really
aggravated in my shoulder so I'm in some
pain today but I'm going to head over to
physical therapy right now had them move
my appointment they were able to fit it
in today instead of Wednesday I'm gonna
go work myself out work some of this
tension out you fool how is is it good I
think part of like the recovery process
is slowly building up a tolerance and
seeing where your body's at by testing
it so as much as you know I wish I
wasn't in pain I'm kind of glad I tested
it and I felt exactly the result I
needed to know another thing guys pin
restock this week I can't protest me
leaving every single time those can't
get mad at me for leaving right now so I
am almost physical therapy I honestly
don't know how much like I can do today
because it's it's like a mix of like the
good kind of muscle soreness but also
like that soreness cuz the injury I saw
a few you guys asked me what are some of
the physical therapy exercises I've been
doing to tell you the truth it's kind of
like a mix of stuff because they work
some chiropractic techniques here so for
a while he will kind of just like work
out the tension and the knots and then
maybe do a few adjustments then we do
something called a RT which I believe
stands for Active Release therapy which
is a type of therapy where you
move your muscles in different parts of
your body while there's pressure being
put and pressed into different areas so
it's sort of like you're working the
movement you're working the range of
motion but you're also getting the
pressure of someone's hand or whatever
and I find that that works amazingly for
me a RT and then sometimes we'll end it
with like ice or something which I feel
like I'll need today
or if the muscles just not used to it
please yeah you know just these a little
bit of time overall I mean it all feels
pretty good all right thanks right oh I
am feeling better already
I was like exactly what I needed to just
work through some of that stiffness so
feeling really
probably gonna go home a nice there was
one of those sessions where you go
through a lot of like discomfort because
you're so tight but at the end of it you
feel so much better so very glad I got
to come in today
I cook rice probably more than I cook
anything cuz I just love rice whether
it's sushi rice or lime cilantro rice or
whatever the fuck I'm cooking I love
rice and I somehow have such a hard time
remembering the rice to water ratio to
cook it in my rice maker and it's just
one of those things that every single
time I think I remember it I remember
wrong and then everyone said well I'll
fuck up the rice by adding too much or
too little water so I need to fix that
like right now 1.15 cups of water to 1
cup of rice maybe if it's staring me in
the face I won't fuck it up anymore
needless to say I'm going to be making
some rice right now so the makeshift
Chipotle Bowl is happening because I
started with the rice and then we got
carried away but what we're doing is
we're making the vegan Chipotle Bowl -
Mook bang or social eat on Twitch
tonight this is my shit right now it's
the lime cilantro rice and it turned out
well and here we got the yummy chicken
strips we're gonna eat this food on
Twitter iam ready set go
I'm so sad I thought I had a copy you've
stuck on you somewhere here and I guess
I don't or it's not in there maybe it's
somewhere else but that's what I was
just furiously looking for I've decided
tonight is what I'm gonna do not thee
but the first stuck on you live tweet
party where we all watch stuck on you at
the same time in live tweet it to each
other know it's happening it's 9:30
we're doing it at 11:00 everyone's
really pissed at me on Twitter because
that's too late sometimes you make this
sacrifice for stuck on you it's
important well I'm trying to order some
dinner because I ordered dinner and I'm
like Jenna what do you want for dinner
and she was like I don't know what do
you want and I'm like I don't know you
what and then she's like I don't know
but what do you want
she just blinked what do we even dinner
any honey if you have a significant
other
best friend or a roommate is this you
every night because this is me every
night no don't say that you're magic
stop it thank you
alright the stuck on you live watching
party is happening in one minute
aren't you glad that you got to see this
masterpiece I mean this was just it was
good though right
it wasn't the world I want to send a big
thanks to all those of you who live
tweeted with me because you made it
amazing and special and I'm gonna do
more live tweeting parties for sure you
guys should just let me know what we
should live tweet about ya got
problematic anyway now that the night
has come to a beautiful and poetic
clothes may Fung is with Bob Walters
with April
all's good in the world they got the
amazing bunny and cloud musical done it
sold out Meryl Streep was awesome just
an overall good night she hates herself
for not doing the sequel good bye guys
