so I'm at target right now trying on
different outfits for the Christmas
party we're going to night Philip
defranco's holiday party the theme is
pajamas so he basically had to get
pajamas that we wanted to wear to a
party I got to capture awesome pants and
I'm looking to get Jenna neither that
and some more stuff out there I'm just
texting her options but we got to go
soon so I'm trying to hurry all right I
made some brownies to bring to the party
since I hadn't brought or thought of
anything to bring so to make some
brownies so I'm putting those another
quick some vegan gluten-free brownies
we're gonna leave probably in an hour
hour and a half ish we're going to get
our videos up and it's gonna be fun I'm
excited we don't normally go to holiday
parties were really parties it also
should be a good change of pace in some
good peeps so we posted the otter dance
video we had wanted to do that for a
really long time and we did it and you
guys are enjoying it and it's it's
awesome because it's it's just like a
really fun thing and I took the day off
of vlogging to make that with her and
you guys haven't checked it out go check
your ads pretty fun there's also a cool
way to like put John Bell Ian in one of
my videos because I've been obsessed
with his music we are just about this
close to going right now we're going to
hop in and over and head over to Philly
Dee's house this is my outfit for the
party and nice and pajama eeee
worth the party and it's fun we're going
to do the shower call the shot shot live
shot ski
hello there that's not being there
playing blackjack now we got a
five-minute ruling your props are we
doing photo booths all right it's gonna
start counting down three okay just wait
for the flash and look at the camera so
do we get them online on vision so it's
gonna be sent out through a link as soon
as this session it normally take photos
because we lost all of our money that
we've ever had
we said 20 hours eh it's just like it
was so much fun $75 with a fun it was
yeah there's a lot of fun a lot of fun
we had like what two thousand dollars
and chips tight we're like legends we
found the scene is we're having our
drink
but we're having a fun time we just
can't all bunch
you like your drink lit something's been
going on my GoPro lately where it just
turns off at recording and the battery
doesn't last my girl feels like broken
cuz I've been blogging with it but
hopefully it stays on for right now
unless it dies in the middle of this
sentence which I have no control
bbbbb our having a good time just
drinking our drink reminiscing about how
we used to have
and it's the next afternoon last night
we have a really really fun time at
Phil's party got to hang out a lot of
fun people and have some drinks it was a
good time I've logged with a GoPro last
night and I think that thing's failing
on me
it was just turning off and all right
pretty tight
what the be careful life be careful
of life I'm cooking some dinner right
now I'm headed off to shoot with the
fine brothers today I'm going to shoot
some youtubers react episodes which I've
never done but they invited me on so I'm
going to do that this evening actually
it is currently 1644 I'm going to be
leading around 1830 6:30 we're shooting
at 7:00 but I'm going to take a little
while and then I'll be back here and
we're going to podcast we put the
podcast op super late this week I don't
know why but we did anyway I'm making a
makeshift octupole a we got fake chicken
with some seasoning cilantro lemon and
lime for the rice leftover black beans
so I have just arrived at the fine
brothers entertainment studios to record
my first ever youtubers react I feel
like this is sort of a you know kind of
like a rite of passage I've never been
on one of their videos but you see so
many huge youtubers and youtubers of all
shapes and sizes honestly so it was cool
to be invited I have no clue what I'm
gonna be reacting to I don't know how
I'm gonna react I hope I don't do like
stupid reactions I feel like that's
that's the one thing I'm nervous about
is that my reactions are not I don't
know good I just don't want to be boring
anyway I don't know how much they will
let me vlog in there but I will I don't
try my best
good thank you
I am Julian I'm Christie synergy so we
have some cake for you all right that's
great
Sierra's honest yeah
this is halogen Ian Thomas nice to meet
you nice to meet you well hey there
thank you dude that's awesome review hey
man let's go
really Kyle nice to meet you Jillian
that's almost you so this is where I'm
gonna be sitting it looks familiar from
this angle there you go
so we're gonna do some reacting right
now and I'm gonna change and do more
reacting we're gonna do a quick slate
and we will get into it I shouldn't be
laughing should i how they take you for
such an emotional ride here
thanks so much for watching this episode
of youtubers react
I did that's all we got all set sweet
yeah thank you guys so much we do enough
picture in front of the wall yeah
alright so we just finished finished up
with the reacting got pretty emotional
in here wasn't expecting it but you guys
will see when it comes out and my last
day that yeah yeah right cool
ah any idea when we're gonna be able to
this one is gonna be the third once
we're going until January ok ty yeah
2017 get ready thank you so much really
great thank you
you too yeah safe travels oh yeah thanks
Robbie yeah absolutely man thank you
yeah of course yeah yeah all finished
with recording youtubers react I was
actually a lot more fun and not known as
a high pressure as I felt like it was
gonna be a super chill like the
producers were really nice if we watched
some good stuff so supposedly one
episode is going to come out December
and one's going to come out January so
should be able to see him soon overall
fun time I'm excited to see what I look
like and if I made a fool of myself so
I'm headed home now I'm gonna eat some
food because I am hungry
but it is a nice beautiful foggy night
down in Burbank and there's others
there's just a little bit of peace in
the air right now we are making our
Jenna rather made mac and cheese balls
that we are gonna fry right now I'm so
excited she had this all set up for when
I got home and what's happening is these
mac and cheese balls getting frozen
right now so once they're nice and solid
we are going to bread them with the
bread crumbs and the mix we made and
then we're gonna put them in the fryer
Otto are excited we've never done this
it's an experiment ever I mean ever
since we got the fryer we've been kind
of waiting to do this so I'm really
excited it should be delicious we made
this similar we have much sage Oh
saij Bistro and like in Culver City
mixer yeah
so I'm hot as air but I know I mean
homemade is homemade and also we're
using a similar breading to the fried
chicken recipe and that breading is so
spot-on
we're gonna go to flavortown I need a
buckle up Triple D
all right they turned out incredible as
we hope they were they're really good
you've actually been eating as we cook
so I'm almost full Oh a few more and
then then we're done
but thank you so much miss sweetness
you're surprising me with the delicious
meal um you did a lot of it so I you
have a lot of what goes into making food
like that is just the effort to start
and once you start it it's easy and you
did the hard part so thank you
go get yourself a girl who can make you
mac and cheese balls when you're gone
