all right so I am out here at this
Animal Hospital with peach everything's
okay this is a plan doctor's appointment
when we were at the vet on Tuesday or
Monday this week with peach just for a
checkup
they found a slight tiny little heart
murmur and we are here to get it looked
at with a cardiologist it's it's very
mild they said it's probably nothing but
they advised me check it out and peaches
she's feeling nervous peachy do you not
trust me after this week I think to vet
appointments in one week for her is
quite a bit but she'll be all right
each cream yeah you have to tone it back
all right relax I believe it's an
ultrasound
you're seeing a cardiologist and they're
gonna basically look at the side of her
heart that has a heart murmur
like I said they said it's super small
probably nothing but we're here to
justify she's nervous
understandably she's already eating
better did you want to get regular
ultrasound like a baby like a little
lady laughing yes hey thanks so much is
she exhibiting any other signs of having
any other heart issues like is she
getting out of breath real quickly or
any exercise intolerance not Opera she's
good energy yeah yeah this is a not a
super fun day but it'll be fine we're
getting an echocardiogram
she's an ultrasound for the heart for
Peachy because she has came oh yeah
she's she's got a little baby heart
murmur so we want to check it out make
sure everything's good
you got yourself so hot because you're
so worked up
so the procedure being done Peach's a
like a 30 to 40 minute thing which I
didn't realize so I have to I have to
wait while they do it
yeah today today is not fun this whole
week is for peach hasn't been the most
fun I mean doctor's appointments are
never fun for dogs but I think two in
one week is like her limit I think she's
she's pretty pissed I'm gonna get her
back in a little while and I'm excited
to see her already I already miss her
but I got a coffee from their coffee
machine and I'm gonna be chilling in the
car I don't want to leave there was like
you should go grab a bite or something I
was like no I think I'm just going to
sit here when we're done we are going to
stop by calling in realms to annoy Rome
with this big prank plant no I'm just
kidding I gotta meet with Colin about
some Colin and Julian business which I'm
excited about
listen
music go alright so I'm sitting in the
car waiting for peach and I'm looking in
the mirror and I see that there's still
glitter all over my tired ass eyes and
face there's all around my beard on my
forehead on my head but definitely under
my my incredibly tired eyes I've been
getting like five hours of sleep for the
last like six seven nights and just
exhausted so my eyes are all tired
looking but the glitter is definitely a
funny touch that I didn't realize I'm
just casually walking around glitter all
over my face so if you want to say
something about it I'll probably listen
to what you have to say
yeah so essentially what we're doing is
that this is the left side of the heart
which takes blood from our lungs and it
comes back into this chamber it's called
the left atrium
that's super great to be over with turns
out it's just like we thought like a
small minor heart murmur they checked
her out and that's exactly what they
found it's it's small enough to make a
noise but it's not big enough to pose
any threats so it's good news today now
back to normal
Ichigo Pido by day five I snack
Tina say bye later after Lee okay we are
at home just doing some cleaning we
recently found out about one of the dink
fan members named Sarah Stern hard core
old-school think Kim has gone missing
and has been missing for over a week
and it's really upsetting to read and
find out like she we had just met her at
buffer but that was like the third time
we met her she was on the you stream
chat religiously and then she was one of
the early podcast fans and then tank fam
he found her car on a bridge and there's
no sign of her right now so I just
wanted to take a moment for Sarah I
don't know what else to say I you know
it's like it's hard to it's hard to take
some of the stuff in because we met her
multiple times we spent so much time
with her on the internet it feels like
we know her so well and it's just it's
so sad so her family is having a search
party too
Oh Saturday when this wall goes up in
the New Jersey area it's in New Jersey
if you guys are free and you live in the
area consider maybe going yeah I don't
know a lot so uh all you can do is pray
for safety at this point yeah if she's
okay well Sarah we're praying for you
love you all right thoughts are with
your family right now I'm with you yeah
I love you guys very much I really love
you
you guys stay safe and I will see you
tomorrow
you
