you
you
you
each each it's snowing a little bit
realms excited
shake my hand shake it shake it once
shake it
you
Star Trek next generation we're drinking
the brother
you
: you wanna go up there Doug no yeah as
I think about like looking down and it
church me out even just thinking about
it
all right this is probably the most
excited I've ever been a match I like to
meet another youtuber it's Matt Joe what
are all the way from Australia my left
what in the ship just fuckin yeah then
it did my dragons are Ewing Aggie hi my
name is Bob Mackie
you
yo soy peligro yo soy peligro yo soy
pehle griot yo soy peligro yo soy cali
grow soy peligro
Estevan amar - yo soy el tennis you saw
your tennis ok ok ok stop
you
I asked him to give me water and she
filled it so much with ice that I came
in like drink out of it I just asked you
to get any water gave me no choice yo
soy peligro
you
pompous ass
it is
oh you doing
okay the next pin has been dropped in
that little bush I posted the street
name on my last snap if you can find it
it's yours it's right there
go get the pick last pin of the night
has been dropped at Wellington and
University that's it right there it's at
this silver statue on the corner of
Wellington alright
you
I said what was that sound of my keys
and hit turn bro
you
they're nice dude yeah dude fuck that
guy
Oh see last night baby who you texted
you
