guess where we are our favorite place on
earth we're at the beauty supply so are
like a second home to me it's just this
places I'll talk to you guys let's take
a stroll we're doing my beard glitter I
think tonight for Jenna's video and we
need glitter from a beard I like how
I've seen a screenshot of my vlogs from
here in like the beauty section on
YouTube I think that's appropriate I
think it's funny and I think it should
happen more I think beauty videos
welcome to my channel what do I need
that for oh here's what I need you know
what I mean I was getting my hair cut
the other day Roth put this powder in my
hair it's called boost powder I think
it's made by crew and I want to try to
find some it's really cool this is a
little powder you just you put in your
hair and you mix it around a little bit
and it gives your hair more volume and
hold amazing thank you hey how's the
stuff I'm never using really good you
shake it in there
yeah you like you like just put a little
bit of everything and you're really cuz
you volume ah I love that all right then
yeah excellent
yeah I just really need shampoo and it
can go show each other uh uh what is it
called what's the other one
conditioner I need you this is what I
use my boots pattern as well this is how
you maintain this hair f T's
kadaj can you don't you can do everyone
I just the fiber is nice to move my hair
around because it really holds and it's
not like hard and the powder really adds
like volume that's my beauty tips for
the day let's grab I'm such an asshole
this is the stuff that we need I have my
electric palette at home and like a
liquid lipstick I think would be fine I
can't find like a pigmented green shadow
but you do like beard oil and what
Elmer's glue in it and then you put put
glue in it yeah how long is this gonna
last
get it out it's just glue all right it's
on film you're telling me I'm gonna be
able to get loud it's just cool if I
can't get it out
you guys are my witness I got quit I'm
fine I swear to God if it late irritates
my skin which it probably will
what are they so fucking her about this
is uh this is made by the dog Steven
Steven Anthony this is coconut has no
more flakes
no more flakes the Kerastase I don't
know I'm sorry you have it who's this
how did you remember
okay the guy helped me find the piglets
like everybody you should be maybe one
last thing before you high school I was
like all right we got abusive eyes um we
got it don't we got our beauty
subscribes Wow
we're making a stop at Rite Aid grow to
knock at Christmas uh forgetting stuff
we actually need Oh for the video I
guess we can get a few all right all
right uh who's your new pet what's his
name
juice it was this long do what genome
with the songs back I'm pretty sure it's
by the trans-siberian Orchestra I'm dead
serious
how the fuck do you know I've been to
one of their concerts it was rad except
it was like seven fucking hours level of
this oh my god no you know I want to
stay forever
no I'm stay forever don't come at me
like that boy this is my aesthetic using
a beauty Mariano right it's my entire
aesthetic anything with the Starbucks
topper mouth
you
you want some stepson alone guys buy my
new line of cologne stepson by Julian
that looks really odd
I found something so cool out about
compatibility with iOS 10 and Sierra
which is the new software for Macs I
downloaded it this week and I had heard
about this feature a long time ago but I
never got to testing it out and I just
did it in it fucking blew my mind so
check this out right here okay so say I
wanted to get a link that I have copied
on my phone here and paste it on my
computer I literally go to the video I
want hey Charles press copy link right
it's copied on my phone's clipboard now
and I go here and I hit paste and it
just pasted the video from my soul can
you fucking believe that how cool is
that like it's seamless it goes so fast
and the first time I did it said pasting
from Julian's iPhone so a little quick
tip if you guys use Macs and I always
turn on your devices that is the thing
with Sierra the new software check it
out I'm gonna just be copy and pasting
links but no reason not getting anything
done some peach has been asleep in my
arms like this for 40 minutes it's been
laying here it's so cute you laying with
Daddy
I love her so much
I have no explanation for what's
happening to me right now it's Christmas
and Jenna wanted to do this to my face
so that's what we're doing we're doing
some glitter face bearding I look
horrifying this never meant to make me
look like I have a fucking black eye but
it made me look like I have a black eye
or two black eyes rather and the glitter
it stayed pretty well I think it looks
kind of good like the type of good that
you like yeah I'll go all the way this
to the bank or the post office but don't
make me go to the gym like that because
I go to the gym in purple glitter how do
you know what I'm talking about anymore
I'm like losing my mind from having this
happen to me look I'm making a fucking
mess we're just shooting right up here
and Jenna just ran upstairs to get
makeup remover so she can clean up my
lines get a real quick close-up of beard
action now pretty fucking cool I mean
the beard like really held on to the
glitter you want to know why it's
because she put glue on my face I've
made a huge mistake
well you live and you learn happy
holidays happy vlogmas we're gonna
finish this video get to editing it I
don't know how long it's gonna take to
get off
who knows maybe it just it won't alright
we're done the videos over and we're
getting ready to edit but I need to get
this off my face alright I'm going to
attempt to wash my face the water is
still not hot I don't know how this is
gonna work just trying to
get something yourself ready yeah here's
some her hand that's him so hello he
liked this book I think it'd be cooler
if the whole bear was read you can do it
yourself next time now you know how no I
got a girl she can do it look pretty
boy you put some little mold it looks
funny I'm looking at a spot on your
makeup bag that has a burn mark on it
it's funny I wonder who did that you
almost started a fire
you just start doing so on it dude
this is bogus so oh I don't have to show
my word she's just like looking at you
alright
you just blow the bubbles I'm done we'll
say a word for the most part babe I had
fun this is a fun video thanks for doing
like IP teeth were you concerned about
me I'm okay thank you I love them so
much low low level oh no no no that's
like my new favorite song right now
belly on all-time love all right guys
