morning guys I'm out in the world I am
all exposed I don't like this feeling I
have a meeting today and I just got here
I came early on purpose because I don't
have quite the pep in my step that I'd
like so I need to find some more pep
let me pep over there
try your new energy drink today I've
never had this but I would say one of
the biggest things in why I try a new
drink where I normally probably wouldn't
get coffee is the packaging like look
how nice that is
I appreciate that I appreciate good
packaging but even more than that I
appreciate energy I'm about to walk into
a sign I give this drink like a 7 out of
10 it's pretty good refreshing I feel
energized not disappointed I have about
10 minutes so I'm gonna start walking
over to where I'm having a lunch meeting
but I'm going to walk directly by this
one taco shop that I used to go to when
I used to live over here and the reason
I went there is because they were open
really late like 4:00 a.m. you leave the
bar you're starving nothing's open this
place right here was always open and
they had something called carne asada
fries holy shit that was some of the
best stuff especially when you're drunk
I don't know if you guys are like this
but when I have a meeting or I have to
meet someone or I have an obligation
where other people are waiting on me I
have like almost the phobia of being
late like I have such a fear of not
showing up on time and so therefore I
basically show up early to everything
which sometimes is good most of the time
it's good but sometimes it's like all
right I'm fucking early what am i doing
all right
meeting is finished and I'm waiting on
my ride it was a good lunch meeting I
don't normally do a lot of meetings but
there was sushi and nice people that I
met so it was good now I'm gonna head
back home and I might finally stop in
today and clean this fucking mess up
because I don't like this I needed to be
cleaned up I need my haircut or else I
don't know who I am
oh the hair is complete I feel like
myself again
like oh we randomly just had a vlogging
at the same time she's playing hard
stuff and she's playing snake our friend
from New Jersey snake is not gonna die
we're trying to figure out dinner we
don't know we're meeting today
yes he is let's see you neck and cheese
oh I guess that's songs we're gonna make
bacon cheese why is that the easiest
food to make any oh wow so good so easy
we've been calling Kermit nasty boy cuz
he's nasty Jenna will try to hug him and
he'll bite her so he's nasty Kermit
are you a nasty boy hey you're a nasty
boy that's the face of a nasty boy I
don't know why it's so funny to call
Kermit a nasty boy you're nasty boy but
uh yeah I feel I feel good because I got
my hair cut but one it is for so long I
actually went shorter than I normally go
so it looks really short but that means
it will last a little longer and I'm
shooting something on Sunday that I want
to have a clean haircut for you guys
will see that come Sunday it's gonna be
what day 7 8 9
and day 10 or something tonight I am
we're gonna make some dinner but I'm
going out with some buddies of mine
Battin seen a while through my jujitsu
buddies haven't seen him like a month
because I haven't been training since
like a month and another fun fact I just
did a full lap around our house
speaking of nasty boy is it weird to you
guys when people who are like not kids
or teens refer to men as boys like I saw
a cute boy that seems weird to me I
don't know Carmen you're a nasty boy
what's in the microwave oh it's pure
comfort
snick Oh waiting I've been having this
thing on like 24/7
dad God a lot of you guys are asking me
to link which one this is I don't know
how to link it but this is the one I got
oh I'm also icing I'm doing both but
right now I can do this for like the
majority of the day cuz I'm not running
around a million places so it's helping
it's actually helping today I woke up
not in a ton of pain and it was amazing
to wake up feeling like that so I'm
going to keep on with this heating pads
and mac and cheese it's my new blog it's
so warm by the fire let's fall inside of
it just kidding that was dark I'm back I
had a good night hanging out with my
friend ty she's googoo gaga nice come
back home
peachy girl are you excited I'm home
okay come here this is her this is her
toy rub BG sit sit
ah fucking got you she's great she just
she supposed to keep you TPT peach you
got pranked
okay yeah she's like I supposed to be
need to carry it it's so convenient
peach you know how some girls are pretty
and some girls are smart
well oh sure
granny are you a nasty boy pink you know
how some girls are cute and some girls
are hot
peach you both Kermit you're neither
you're a nasty boy nursey for this nigga
been nasty boy he's so nasty I'm just
touching you I'll pet you you're a dog
mistaken he's a nasty boy arm it we've
lived together for six years we love
each other out that really hurt
Kermit you're a nasty boy nexi boy
people always like you shouldn't let
your dog bike I don't really have a
choice sometimes he fucking hates me
yeah notice how he doesn't buy me though
he's scared of me I mean they're not no
he loves you too much he's excited no
that's horseshit next is deployed
mastiff one let's see I don't know
what's so funny about Jenna saying nasty
boy to Kermit but it just kills me every
time she says it permit yes you a nasty
boy permit you're like a hot pocket hot
on the outside and nasty ELISA is
everything everything involving the dogs
ends up in Peach on her back looking
goofy oh yeah
she's the goofy happy lady anyway I'm
back home I had fun ah going out tonight
with some buddies and I'm back home and
Jenna shaking my camera gray yes if your
camera zoomed it just changes the
exposure maybe she get new camera good
mind not a Sony first person I'm on a
Sony person thin kid died
okay died late leave the dungeon ah
nasty boy yeah see this is he good why
don't you get your neck thing so then
migrates love speech is that what you
want okay
I've been microwaving my neck warm up
every hour on the hour because it keeps
its heat for about an hour and then you
have to re microwave it but the shitty
thing about this neckline is that you
have to let it sit in between heating
sessions so if you want to heat it up
for a man and a half you have to do 30
seconds on 30 off 30 on 30 on photograph
which is like that's twice the time
maybe advance your technology so I can
do it a minute and a half at once or
just make it so I can plug it into my
Mophie in my pocket and then have it
heat forever and that everything blows
up and then my idea collapses in on
itself and then my life becomes a
never-ending struggle of trying to reach
baseline of what it was before this
giant mistake I made oh my god what is
wrong with me
needs more call me big haircut now guys
by the way why don't you told me to
clean my microwave yesterday in the blog
I have an answer specifically for that
person
No you're crushing him you're crushing
him give him a little room all right now
is this lot is this the life right here
this is like the perfect existence I'm
laying here covered in ajayan grounds
thinking of pornstar names for Guy Fieri
so far we have unzip that fly Fieri by
Fieri and by fear I think it needs a
little more work we need a fourth option
and then I'll tweet it out we're onto
something come breathe breathe for me
dog fuck you know taking the stuffing
anyway I have important work to get done
for the rest of the night thank you
watching another vlog miss I'll see you
guys tomorrow
for yet another wonderful festive blog
fuck
you
