you will go to the vet which you want to
go get a check-up it to that
tgd it's okay already very dramatic it's
very dramatic okay okay
you want me to freak out it's all going
to be okay just a check-up it's
literally just a checkup
no matter yeah you're on caged we keep
man don't leave you don't get to just
run away from your problems it's gonna
be fine right there's gonna check up she
just woke up this morning thinking
either there's going to be another
warning of treats and pets little did
you know the shaking is a lot I know
you're not cold and that's a little much
there's nothing to be this nervous about
relax peachy why don't you learn about
the knee huh
for the elbow is that all that learn
about the elbow don't you do some
reading are you hot now is that what
that is are you hot and also nervous
this is the hot nervous face it's okay
keep looking goofy if it makes you feel
better yeah we're almost done here she's
been good though he needs to get a board
Intel a shot because she is due for one
she's been really good
will you go girl today oh yeah oh she
was so good this morning the vet is
never fun she we actually got to go to
get another that appointment she's okay
just something we had to get checked out
but I'm going to see Roffe my hair guy
today but not primarily for me we're
going for Jenna
Jenna's actually getting her hair
colored and done by Roth because she saw
how many dope fucking hairdos I got from
him I was like yo share some of that fun
Saleh all right which is why I had the
clip in my hair because the last time I
was at his place get my hair cut I
fucking ran out in such a hurry that I
had to clip
my hair and it's like his favorite clip
so bringing the clip back to Ralph here
to see what he's got in the store for
Jenna it's not gonna be anything extreme
because she's not gonna bleach her roots
but she I think he's gonna add a little
color and yellow weird and festive with
it not the most fun morning but
necessary and now we were gonna go do
hair and beauty things
watch out YouTube's doing work here
while jenna gets her hair done she's
getting highlights bye ruff and right
now she's getting it washed this is my
little neck heater that I take with me
everywhere I go because it's so
comfortable and it makes my neck feel a
lot better
yeah I'm getting some stuff done so I
brought my computer because I'm here I
was gonna kind of wait for her to finish
and then when she's done I'm gonna get
sides of my head cleaned up clean it up
and we're you watch Jenna is almost done
getting her hair finished but I ran out
to grab some lunch from our face
leonore's
this is that a big Mexican place we've
been telling you about
get some quesadillas come on how are you
yeah once I returned back to the hair
salon I want to get mine done animal
bounced back home I think we're going to
play some don't starve together which is
a really new fun game that we've been
playing on the stream but also with the
dig hem like made a big server so we can
have a bunch of people playing the same
game at once
so I think we're gonna Street that
tonight first wish woody what are you
doing you're just looking all goofy like
her man hi hi bunny
you're so funny-looking and I love you
oh is it the B movie we just read I
played some hearthstone I'm like I
actually he's ranked nationally in
hearthstone after that shut up I'm so
good I'll probably teach Jenna how to
play hearthstone a little better that
was fun stream right wow that is so bad
that was a massive failure but still
probably tastes good oh yeah
the shape doesn't even matter it's like
a ball of waffle tornado that is the
worst thing ever but the best thing ever
yeah I honestly think this is like it's
a waffle but it's elevated
it's like chic this is like art this is
like a high-class waffle because it
doesn't look exactly no I need to make
this a thing this looks like a really
expensive waffle it's called the tornado
not full by Julian I'm gonna go eat it I
want to see what Jenna thinks I
introduced to you the new high-class
version of a waffle called the tornado
not full it sold only in modern artistic
areas with high class of income and
wealthy the idea is that you go into
what a waffle really is and you break
you apart art what is it really good I
could show that that doesn't exist
that's a category of food that has not
been introduced to the world yet oh she
likes it the shape of it it's amazing I
got something on my hands guys I need to
start a business
ASA oh man it is an ugly process getting
us out of the waffle iron but boy does
it end up to be a beauty work of art I
mean this is
process here pop it right here I think
it is the same down here and it's okay
if you scratch your wife line because
the tornado not film does not need a
nonstick waffle in fact the more
scratches are better here it is this is
the creation of a century ideas don't
come along often like this it is the not
fault
go to bed you guys wanna go dead no
again no it's drinketh it no you guys
want to go to bed you go side but yeah
you guys think oh good you're good okay
let's cook I'm tired I want to go to bed
but it's not time for bed you should all
this makeup on this bitch's face her
winding down to go to bed right now guys
we go get ready
this is our bed I don't think I've
actually shown it specifically it's our
festive aura broadness things Christmas
card sheets I live here I don't go
anywhere else just this thing my name is
dead troll and I live in the bed I'm
getting no yeah
hey oh my god alright while she's doing
that I'm dangerously getting myself
undressed I have my heating pad all
warmed up another good day you know good
extreme today we did we had a really fun
fun it was fun
also by the way as you can probably tell
I didn't get my hair cut we ran out of
time so off to do that again soon but
I'm glad coming really cares on I've
already she was a good girl later
doctor's appointment that's just that's
that weird shit what is our fucking bad
about really peach peach incest
yeah incest and peace yeah let me know
what your guys is pets nighttime routine
is because these guys have way too much
routine and for a night they should
really just like go to sleep and not do
all this weird shit good night for Agnes
you guys are cute though
