going to Batman
just remove the podcast oh my god what
there's a giant spider in color holy
shit there is there is where you up will
see a pussy anyway we just recorded a
podcast and we have to get a whole bunch
of stuff from Bed Bath & Beyond because
we're going to turn this gym into also a
spare room so we'll still be a gym but
we're going to fix it up so it's
suitable to have someone staying here
and die in here because there's a huge
man-eating spider we played better live
on the podcast which was sort of like
celebrity trivia for me and honestly I
kind of killed it kind of fucking killed
it thank you very much I'd like to thank
the female Ghandi I'd like to thank that
light for being incredibly unsafe and
Tim Gunn I'd like to thank Tim Gunn
alright so a little bit of honest time
because when you're in Bed Bath and
Beyond
that's like a perfect time to just have
an honest moment but um I've been on
edge all day today I couldn't for the
life of me figure out why well you know
like what's pissing me off or what's
making me feel less than great and I'm
just I think the most frustrating part
of today is like I feel this way and
it's because I'm bound by my injuries
right now that I can't do anything
physical I'm not getting any endorphins
I'm not getting any feeling of physical
satisfaction and you know when I don't
think about that consciously my
frustration doesn't make sense so today
it's been a weird day of feeling
frustrated and short but not knowing why
I think that's why you know I think I
had a really fun time on the podcast and
I'm happy to be out with Jenna but
trying to be honest with you since
that's what this is it's a genuine
connection
you know doing this everyday which I'm
not used to you guys know I don't do
this everyday so doing this everyday is
it's something that keeps me honest
trying to pull myself together make it
through the day and get to the next day
and make it through that day and
eventually get to feeling better and
getting back to the normal things but um
yeah today was a weird one I don't know
if you guys have ever had days like that
where feel frustrated by little things
throughout the day but you're not really
sure why and then you kind of realize
why but it still happens I don't know
what she's laughing it but it is not
that funny
sneak on you butter oh so soft so soft
oh so soft I'm gonna check my email real
quick we're getting a new air mattress
because ours broke and so now we're
getting things for the air mattress like
throw pillows it's gonna be so fancy for
an air mattress
final know we can get throw pillows okay
cover and she's all right let's get on
fire throw pillows for my air mattress I
don't care I hate you
this song is terrible alright so ignore
the giant mess of stuff behind me but we
just cleaned out the gym of all the
trash organize the closet and clean the
floors and I installed these curtains
that Jenna just show you we're
installing the TV it was so hard to find
a stud because the stud finder kept
telling like different it was like dude
like here's a set oh love you it looks
nice in here so the curtains are over
there that goes to the balcony where I
shoot time lapses sometimes and then
this is the window but we didn't have
curtains in here before so as Jenna said
earlier 2016 year of the curtain so the
plan is we're going to hold on this new
air mattress and have it be a bedroom
right here with the TV there and this is
a second guest renowned so it can be a
dim but can also be a guest room okay
this just a nice little project and then
we also to put curtains up in the
existing guest bedroom but I think it
might be dinner time time okay pull-up
bar maybe I can't do it all it is it's
definitely from the boulevard I'll give
up I'll clean this area I don't replace
that light as well slate is enough for
so I gotta be honest like getting this
done
and having this be semi accomplished for
the night made me feel better it's not
Christmas well I just mean like on a
selfish way like getting something
accomplished kind of boosted my
there yeah I guess it's time to eat some
food the bear what do you think about
that Joffrey drop three say out of law
it's been so long you got bugs on your
dog you got bugs on your dog right so
you got some more on the pot looking
foggy you're so cute
no I you don't take my hair out
have you ever noticed that beanies make
the perfect hair time actually I do
and I did notice that when I used up
like an hour we're making some mega some
mac and cheese for dinner this is what
we're making it's pretty incredible in
terms of box language Jesus probably our
favorite and it's easy and delicious so
we were going to make it and it's from
my GoPro mac and cheese and Westworld
season finale and a little more cleaning
and rocket League and chill I got in
Colin's car the other day and this was
playing
he fucking gave everything to the hosts
cuz he was like fuck you people holy
shit
amazing what's world is over I gotta say
about that is dude one of the best shots
I've watched in the last time for many
years it's pretty damn fucking good
alright I didn't sign off and I wanted
to say good night to you guys and I also
want to say thank you for watching and
sorry that I might have been a little
less than pumped up today but I
appreciate you guys always being here
and uh one me you're creepin hi creepy
how you doing
it's me right here - hope you feel
better even when you have down days you
did you help me feel better a lot today
thank you baby
everybody gets down mmmmm-hmmm off days
when they don't feel like themselves oh
but you just gotta push on through you
gotta push on through ladies Oh laughs
we're sons this gotta be reddit a good
time to get in and you don't know how to
get out it's gonna stop stop oh my god
the grips drink
don't disarm me with my gay shirt
everything Ricky everything is Dee
everything II don't believe me then show
me that everything that ye fuck fuck
happy vote fuck tonight guys you smell
good I think my scent marble no going
back there marble
Bible
I mean the boys are here cuz I mean it's
my psyche so Dottie who's like so mommy
and daddy are hugging with the camera
time for me the poopoo in the dice come
on you guys
other way dude is he doing
