Oh
good morning Rach miss vlog Pam dink Pam
dink miss day three day four oh my god
I'm already losing track of the days I
didn't edit the last vlog the day before
I edited just now and just posted it
hello
what was that what was the vlog about
was it about you being a goal and hiding
underneath the tree really funny and all
that
you're funny Goyo yes I just woke up and
started editing and finished editing and
posted the last vlog miss I have a few
things that I need to do lay before the
afternoon hits we got the approval on
our Austin video shoot it is all good so
I need to compile all the footage
compile the final video file and send it
over to them any of these bigger video
projects that I'm talking about BTS
lookbook music video anything I'm doing
it's going to be on my second channel
which I've kind of used as like a place
to just put all the work I do that's not
vlogs so if you're interested in any of
that go check it out it's just my second
channel all my stuff will be there if
you care to see it I just grabbed some
of these because we were out we usually
get greenies and we give them to them at
night I know Jenna's showing you guys
this it's really cute she actually you
know right we're going up to bed each
night she'll get the Greenies out and
she'll cut a little one up for Marvel's
and be like all right you guys want your
little nighttime treat and they run
upstairs and they're so excited and it's
kind of like a fun tradition we have so
we ran out so I just grabbed some more
of those this morning I also have called
a whole bunch of places because I'm
looking for a thumb drive like a flash
drive the type of use in school for your
projects and stuff because that's the
method in which we're going to deliver
both the final project that we finish
and also a lot of the raw footage that
the client wants and no one in town has
128k flash drive nobody so I had to
order one off Amazon and it'll be here
tomorrow so that's been pushed finally
getting caffeinated actually where the
 did I just put my coffee I forgot
where I put my coffee peih-gee did you
take my coffee hello mister caffeine why
do you leave
me put a little work in rocket League
so I am actually finally upgrading my
computer to Sierra I was putting it off
for a while because I wanted to wait if
any bugs came out with final cut or any
other programs I use and it seems at
this point that it's ok to download so
also Jenna has it and I got to play with
it a little bit it feels a bit snappier
so snappy copy
snap snap snappy my name is Jackie but I
like to snappy oh by Jove big rock Oh
God so today has been a lot of laying
around in pain my neck has been
absolutely relentless today and I've
been trying to relax and I sit and seems
there's not much to do to stop the pain
so I'm kind of just like living in pain
today and now but we're currently
watching The Ultimate Fighter finale
with Demetrius Johnson getting some
things done as soon as this finally
installs its new software
ah can someone help you
what is your head solo that's partially
I'll turn on the volume turn it down let
down turn it down turn it down Oh turn
it down
No you're in trouble turn it down good
chat really good chat there peach I'm
gonna eat the snack right now as in the
mood for something sweet and I
remembered I had this
so I'm gonna have this because I've
accomplished so many physical things
today uh sort of like laying on the
couch how did we find the Prophet how do
we start watching that the Prophet is a
good show it's really fun to
watch it's like it's got the same
satisfaction as like watching Kitchen
Nightmares or like bar rescue
but Marcus lemonis man what a G is he my
dad it's your dad whose dad is this come
get your dad
why are you crying lady crying but you
don't really know do you
oh hello oh you want to thank you can I
think pat you oh boy
all right we're in bed and we're going
to get to editing our vlogs like we do
in December
can i tradition we we like have time
together where we get to put our vlogmas
vlogs together at the end of the day and
it's kind of nice because to tradition
yeah it feels festive another good day
of vloggers thank you guys for watching
what did the moon say to the window get
 I haven't shown you guys this
look we did a bit entry bedroom trailer
we we haven't had in this house yet
we've only done this or all closed all
right you guys get some sleep okay wait
it's like morning for you wake up guys
wake up wake up and get caffeinate don't
do that ask you caffeinated
in like seven hours anybody got okay you
guys will see all of that goodbye
