good morning guys the dogs are eating
breakfast and I'm actually eating myself
up something to eat for breakfast super
healthy meal that I have leftovers from
last night got some smokes I actually
only ate smokes poutine in Canada I
lived in Toronto for fan fests like a
year and a half ago
and I didn't realize that they had
poutine or smokes poutine rather in the
States I didn't know that existed after
the party last night we saw one across
the street and I got some vegetable
poutine I'm gonna eat some of right now
with a little bit of help from a good
friend Frank well you're off to the mall
because we're gonna go get a few things
Jenna desperately needs a new laptop her
laptop was purchased in 2011 and it's
crapping out on her big time everytime
she had us on it so I think we might go
look into getting a new laptop for her
are we doing that's a firearm by the
fire alarms always follow you were just
about to get on the escalator go to
Apple Store and the fire light went off
and so now we're getting out of the
building we did our homework guys you
know nobody gives it back
not a single person gives the fun house
fun I've never really thought about it
until now
like looking around when that happened
no one even blinks at us but humans
everywhere make me crazy we were just in
the parking lot and people were just
slamming on their horn and a crowded
parking lot like what are you doing to
better anything right now that's the
same species as us that makes me
frustrated can we switch I don't want
people to assume my species don't assume
my species I just got to lunch I'm
reading calling for a meal I just heard
a green tea because I love some ginseng
in me that's all
at you guys this year this is a new
blood camera that's the worst thing ever
is the camera is there tic tacs in there
you think does he look like Johnny Depp
oh how do you know you can't gussy punch
me how do you like the light Indian your
pen yeah yeah Alan did I give you in yet
I ran out so oh okay
come on please please don't please don't
let me find you a pin hold on I should
just give you that catcher's mask this I
love this thing it's not for you okay
you need up overhead and this you just
like this is mine don't open a door
finish on it no pressure don't spank him
making the spaghetti and meatballs again
Amelie water she was like what do you
want to eat and I was like let's see
we'll be eight a night ago so good so
we're at the store we actually just
picks up a food processor because we
only have a food processor so we bought
one we're going to use it to cook some
prisoners merry Christmas to each other
alright PG got into something that she
shouldn't have gotten into I'm preparing
the Go Bag for emergencies and there's
nuts and stuff in the go back so we
moved her crate so Christmas so she got
into it I was hard to go home but we
moved the crate from the corner and the
tree to over there so when I told her go
home she still thinks home is over there
peachie go home he'd you go home go home
go home Petey are you home let me show
her where peach tall are you home this
your new home
go see where home is mommy's gonna show
you there is no it's okay good so that's
we have your punishments now yeah this
is funny she went under the tree be like
go home she ran under the tree such a
good here's our food processor by the
way
okay Google stop
I got a vlog she understands okay google
you know it's good right okay Google
Chef just ask you a question and then
cut her off so we're making it making
the same exact leaner we made two days
ago cuz it's it's really good Jenna
asked what I wanted so I answered and
it's skinny and Nonna and meatballs or
meatless balls I guess is more accurate
we did we uh so we got a new toy let me
show you the food processor it's right
here on theme with everything in our
kitchen it's provel and it works really
well it took a lot of the like actual
hard work out of building this recipe I
kind of have to cut me thing or chop
anything or mix anything it was all done
with that which is super nice you'd
think by now we'd have everything in our
kitchen that we need but apparently we
didn't anyway we're going to eat this
food and then we're going to hang out
with Elijah and Christine Lazzaro no
Elijah and Christine are two of the
Internet's finest funniest people and
they're friends with us ever since I
think I met them at VidCon yeah we met
them at a party after VidCon and they're
going to come over and kick it with us
oh I got to figure out what drinks we're
getting because we're gonna have some
drinks tonight by the way a little
update we heard that our couch
will be here within a week and a half to
two weeks as of right now
so by halfway through December we should
have a new couch and that's you know
crossing our fingers we don't know for
sure you know anything that happens so
the couch could just never come I
just cursed it so we're gonna grub down
and hang out with some friends Kermit is
currently waiting for Jenna to get out
of the bathroom waiting right outside
the bathroom door
mommy went to the bathroom so now he
needs a hug
early a special boy by you very very
special guy eg you next I told you about
the emergency go back that I'm working
on how peach just snuck into it and got
some of the nuts by next week that bag
is going to be finished and I'll make a
video showing you guys how I made it how
I assembled it and everything I included
in case you want to build a go bag for
emergencies after our last blackout like
a week ago
when we lost power for five hours I
think I was like we need a better go bag
for earthquakes anything so it's nearly
assembled a couple pieces have still yet
to be included but safety is fun I love
safety you know like holding my plot
bouncing Curtis who's superb it's you
your junk baby
yo oh he's relaxed right now baby just
pretend to give a dog won't do anything
I guess DT keep on who does it who does
it
he stoned I've never seen this you don't
I did not know
lady I just called you using the bed oh
come here to go to bed
oh you're going to bed is late we had a
really nice time with Elijah and
Christine and uh now I am tired we're
gonna get some sleep
it's the weekend so all good vlog missed
a three is over peach is cuddling with
her on our apartment
sitting on the free blanket that we
bought bottles is waiting for mommy to
finish corner of the bathroom see
