this is today's project this fucking
thing that's been ruining our bed for so
long that is today's project so I'm off
to Home Depot to replace this times I
think five I don't know
fuck I think like five these are
basically what holds our bed the bed is
made incredibly poorly so we've had this
problem before I actually fixed it
before but what I'm going to do is I'm
going to double reinforce it I might
need to actually cut some lumber for
myself one sandwich
I ain't super mad about because that's
kind of fun so this is the existing this
is what we're working with and this is
where I'm going again so it's way
stronger way more reinforced and we
shouldn't have this problem again after
this someone's coming to help me cut
this because it's a little too big to
just saw
literally putting this camera in my
front chest pocket got all this stuff I
double the amount of planks we have
because I'm double reinforcing it so I'm
gonna go do this before after how
tonight I'm going to like a party
tonight with Jay it's like a niche event
for Twitter so that's tonight so I got
to get this done in a timely fashion all
right the bed is finished a little bit
of elbow grease and this thing as good
as new actually it's better than new
because it came unprepared but we
upgraded it excuse probably the dirt but
you can see there are now double
supports at each post there's two across
from each other used to just be
alternating so one on the left or the
right one left and it kept collapsing
now this should hold up mighty fine but
I'm sweating hand I need to go very soon
I'm off to this thing tonight and I
should probably change I'll time for a
shower I'm disgusting judge me down
below I found some light I just took off
getting in an uber gonna go meet Jay and
we're going to Hollywood
there's a niche thing I'm gonna sneak
you in on the tiny camera
we got some pins as soon as we walked in
and has J's pinning a hat to his belt so
he can take a second one
I told him that's how you do it you pin
it to your belt a second
it's hot if someone says Elaine just
speaks Dench
English poor before I don't know Spanish
just jump in place Goodman PG u Telus so
he's got home from the party and Jenna
had dinner waiting for me ah door look
you she made dinner and made me some and
it's so sweet he wasn't hungry all I had
was grilled cheese at the party I
couldn't eat it I was like I was gonna
make some for myself anyways yeah I'm
gonna double this recipe because I know
this thing's not gonna eat anything at a
party well to be fair they had three
options they had regular grilled cheese
bacon grilled cheese and caprese goat
cheese I could eat none of all three but
yeah my aunt made me some dinner and
Herman is it's hard out here on the mean
streets for fuckin celiac vs celiac
vegan dog talkative because when you
have like a wonderful amazing girlfriend
who's gonna cook for you and you know
home meeting is that much easier I love
you Oh Kermie gonna watch it curse of
Oak Island
where's marble Babel you wanna wanna
watch the curse of Oak Island
he's like EFM I was like literally
asleep before you just yelled my name
like how as he's gotten older he's got
this bottom servitude
Kermit yeah I on his left side it's this
right here it's this little snaggletooth
that like hangs out right there it's so
cute I love you I want to eat this
home-cooked love right now and we're
going to watch Oak Island
Hey I returned home a little while ago
from the party tonight I had a good time
it was a this fun
hosted by niche a company owned by
Twitter and it was fun there was there
was good peeps food that I couldn't eat
and drink but there was also some pins
given out right here
I got a Twitter pin a hashtag pin and a
niche pin which was pretty cool added
nicely to my collection and I'm tired
the dinner Jenna made me was delicious I
got this and I haven't opened it should
we see what it is look at that it is a
replacement shock now for my mic sent to
me by Road you can't see it because it's
on top of my camera because I'm using it
but when i chunked my camera on the
ground last week it smashed my mic mount
and i reached out to road and they were
like oh we'll send you a new one so they
sent me a new mount for my mic so if any
of you are looking for good camera
microphones look no further than
honestly the rode videomicro it's what i
use on everything and i broke mine and
they send me a new replacement mount for
it so Cheers Road I appreciate you I use
you every single day and I talk into you
like this nice and creepy Julien realize
that today's vlog was super short and
maybe not that exciting but I spent the
better part of today editing the video
that I worked on last week with Colin
we're shooting a swimwear lookbook is
when we were goofing around on set I
only got to editing it today because we
had a song picked out and spent most of
the day doing that then I went to Home
Depot like you saw fix the bed and here
we are at 5 minutes before the next day
officially started fun party tonight I
normally don't go to parties I normally
don't go to like networking events but I
was glad I went to this one and I was
glad Mitch and Twitter invited me it's
nice to you know be invited to something
like that my cute little baby has been
vlogging so well hard at work editing or
right now don't hide your cute brown the
beef can I say with you how can I change
this title on the left click Edit mod
I've got a text
thank you I can't not even joke with you
like I really love when you've got like
a fog this excites me for the sole
reason that I get to watch you blog you
showed me this whole world it's fun to
watch you look also you're cute and I
like watching you anyway right here we
got normal humans talking oh there we go
another normal humans talking up then we
have a dog stalking see with a paw it's
interesting oh oh my gosh another dog
stopping at the paw and then teach
she's completely the odd one out got the
green stocking because I don't think we
had a stocking for her last year do we
yeah we had Christmas at our house in so
long it's actually really exciting
attempt this was here it's exciting
I'm happy we get the host Christmas we
have the tree up and ready and host miss
Oh miss cupcakes okay
I'm gonna have to cut you out there with
jokes pulse miss no you you've been you
can cut off the bartender says not to
serve No
best time yeah all right I'm sure would
like this in the fire
