what's this looks like a new lens and it
is 30 millimeter lens I got for the sony
a6300 it's a tiny lens depth of field
2.8 and I'm going to walk with this
tonight we were going to a concert in on
Fairfax in Hollywood we want to see
Midland the band that I was just in
Austin shooting behind the scenes for
they're playing a show in LA and we are
going to see them I'm very excited to
see all three of those guys everyone
calling in Rome we're going we're going
to see them and it's gonna be fun not
going to use this lens a lot for filming
my face it's going to be more for
cinematic
thank you
yeah
goodbye
a great day
double-fisting
I'm keeping the camera on call
risky all over my hand
like
Oh
No
all right um welcome to vlogmas look at
what I'm blogging on me huh uh Jen is
another and blogging psycho in the shit
what are you doing following Sammy
Robbie eats yeah check out my blonde
camera look Ian why no this is my new
vlog camera stop it what up
look at my Vargas this is my broad
camera tell me why I shouldn't blog with
this camera cuz you look ridiculous but
look how easy this is support this is
drop this is this is Zoolander's phone
in a vlog camera form how are they
supposed to learn they can't fit inside
dude but for real like I don't have a
point-and-shoot anymore cuz I gave my
little g7x to Brett and I don't use it
so I was like this could be my point
shoot why not
it's not great but if you go like this
it's really good well I'm gonna go pro I
figure this is gonna be my my uh my B
cam we'll see how it goes
I see cam let's make it see to be safe a
and B camera already covered but yeah
vlogging on the GoPro I know it's
probably not stabilized at all it's
probably really shaky but I do know that
it's a wide view and that if I'm indoors
the audio won't suffer too bad so yeah
this is my little vlog camera we're
cooking dinner generator started
vlogging I can't believe it's real but
she's vlogging it's amazing okay we're
making spaghetti meatballs eg peachy
said she did you fart the other day
audibly so that we could hear it
something like a human fart you did
didn't you
bjbj we were sitting on the couch and we
were watching TV and Peachy was like
asleep just sitting there and that of
nowhere we hear like like a fucking
human fire and we look and we came from
peach and we both looked at each other
and just started dying laughing because
I've never heard a dog make a human
parts out except for peachy
big dog I've never heard a real human
part sound ever
I like a pretty great moment Jenna's
doing it changes kitchen and we're gonna
keep swimming but we filmed Jenna's
video we reviewed some more bad apps a
good time and stop doing that don't
don't do that don't go all right the
scatty is done it's time for dinner
interval we finish dinner watching
survivor and we got to edit the videos
now okay it's like three videos to edit
right yeah
blog miss full effect also spoiler alert
survivor spoiler alert click away right
now and right now alright P Zeke you
guys like that like and daddy comes the
fire me what is it what is it what the
god he's he's rotating with all right
here's a quick comparison right here
this is the Sony this is my daily camera
sony a7s full rig and this is the GoPro
so clearly this is better than this the
reason I'll ever use the GoPro to vlog
is if I can just throw it in my pocket
and sneak it somewhere or if I can't
carry that whole rig that's what I'll
bring this so this is like my dew point
shoot I honestly don't know why more
people don't vlog with GoPros this thing
is so ridiculously tiny and this is only
a hero 3 I got this thing like two and a
half years ago a hero 5 probably looks a
lot better probably a lot more stable
there's gonna be my vlog miss running
gun and there's gonna be my normal vlog
camera and I just wanted to show you the
difference benefit at them anyway
vlog miss day one is a wrap
you guys and I'll see you tomorrow get
hype it's vlogmas
