all right it is raining aka my favorite
type of day a few packages just came
these are a few of my online Black
Friday grabs right here this is the
flashlight I use a few of you guys have
asked me it's the Phoenix PD 35 tack
it's a great flashlight really reliable
really strong not too clunky so I got a
second one because after the blackout I
wanted to have another then I got some I
believe these are 18 650 batteries
because these flashlights don't take
normal like double-a they take high
power batteries sorry not this going
towards my new and improved safety bag
which I will probably make a video on
once it's done this is a car charger
that supposedly is like really good and
it can charge two devices at once very
fast it also has a feature where can
find your car like in a parking lot or
whatever so cool they had a cord for
that I just woke up it is Saturday and
it's raining a lot and I'm really happy
about it because it kind of feels like a
day where we should just like sit inside
while there's rain but also California
really needs it hello what what map
you're with so I need to get some coffee
going so I think we're going to kitchen
to make some espresso selfish camera
just focusing on it so you got some
coffee you want coffee peach
and this is a really good espresso
because it's made from Blue Bottle
coffee you guys who ever had them
they're based I think in Venice went to
their coffee shop recently in Venice and
it's delicious
these beans are made specifically for
espresso so Aadhaar want some espresso
these festers not for you I just I woke
up today kind of just feeling like a
shitshow you know some days you wake up
and you don't want to look in the mirror
let alone vlog so excuse the appearance
now I'm gonna go make an espresso shot
for me I think I've decided that next
week I'm gonna slowly transition back
into jiu-jitsu I feel like it's semi
premature like I feel like I could
easily have the excuse of not training
for another two weeks because of pain
but a I can go train and not go a
hundred percent I can injured trained
I'll limit myself you know I wouldn't
train as hard or as long as I would have
when I was healthy but another thing is
I cannot keep myself sane having been
away I mean it's just been a month but
I'm losing my mind that is it for the
blue bottle it seems I need the physical
back the physical Julian has been gone
for quite some time and I need him back
because I'm not whole without it ok let
me just demonstrate one tiny piece of
this new car charger that is just
complete genius and needs to be
implemented everywhere it has two pores
it has one right there and one right
there so if it charge two devices at
once and this is just a normal USB
charger look I plug it in like this it
works and if I plug it in the other way
it works too
it's a dual sided USB ports basically
there's like a little line in the middle
that will shift to the other side of
whichever way the port is coming in
super fucking helpful
look at that huh all right so we're
doing some Christmas decorations we
busted out the tree okay who wants top
we bust out of the tree and we just put
the lights on but we got a whole bunch
of decorations and ornaments to put on
and we are ahead of the game it's not
even December and we're already getting
our tree up this is pretty great
we are watching Project Runway
the Lego is finished it took me a fair
amount of hours to do this I haven't
done a solid Lego build in a while and
that was fun as shit I am going to
figure out a place to put this because I
am not destroying it to put it in a bag
yet this has got to be celebrated for a
while today has been a nice relaxing day
there was wicked clouds so we went out
and shot sunset up on Mulholland Drive
and that was a lot of fun it was fucking
beautiful sunset crazy sky today cleared
up after the rain and some good cloths
so it was it was a relaxing day Legos
and sunsets
we still need a podcast so we are going
to do that soon continue watching
Project Runway because that's what this
weekend has been about one thing the
light in here is really fucking orange
because ever since the blackout our
light bridge got reset so we have to
like reset this color preset on our apps
again normally this works these are
pretty different free that's also not
vlogged today was a quick pin restock we
restocked some pins sold out it wasn't a
really big batch though and I know a few
of you guys are frustrated I am going to
be dropping a big big big restock batch
soon I would say within two weeks we're
gonna have a big batch nimbus pins and
popsicle pins and that is gonna be the
final restock but it's gonna be a lot so
you know if you're camped out you have
your alarm set and you get on the
website within the first however many
minutes you should be okay today it was
a really small batch so I apologize if
you got snubbed we have that coming and
then I have a couple holiday things
coming down the pipeline also another
quick update our couch is not here yet
but we expect it to be here soon
we got some family coming in for
Christmas so we're hoping desperately
that it's here by then anyway be
impressed by my
I go building skills all right be
impressed I'll see you guys later
