well thank you so much we really
appreciate everything and Thanksgiving
okay bye-bye you Wow
we just thinking how it happens we
literally just figured out what happened
in our car accident that is because
we're both still in a lot of pain I'm
not gonna lie like hearing her describe
the course of events a little bit
triggered me because I makes perfect
sense yeah it makes perfect sense let me
explain how the accident went down
because we honestly were in the cab the
accident happened we had no clue no one
definitively told us what caused the
accident
we just saw dents we saw wrecked cars we
just learned because what was that that
was the the representative of the guy at
fault who was in the PT Cruiser next to
us with the suggester now they use oh
okay so here's what happened we're in
the carpool lane all the way to the left
against the median the center divider in
the freeway and we're driving probably
70 and in the fast lane which is the
lane right next to the carpool lane this
guy and a PT Cruiser is driving ahead of
us probably I don't know however many
yards ahead of us but one lane to the
right he sees traffic ahead of him
building up so like a crazy person on
the freeway just jams on his brakes and
tries to merge in front of us without
looking if anyone's in the carpool lane
we were probably in his blind spot he's
also alone and you can't go into the car
you can't go into the gut so you can't
yeah you can't go into the carpool lane
to avoid traffic you can't merge through
a double yellow which it was you seem
really impatient drivers especially in
LA when a tiny bit of traffic build up
they just merge and merge without even
looking like texting or something it's
still it was super illegal it's super
 up so he merges in front of us
our taxi we're going way too fast to
even react apparently and he hits this
guy at an angle so he dents his driver's
side door that was the first impact we
felt and that was like an insane impact
because he had slowed down we hit him
and then he pushed us into the
so we rattled off the meeting a bunch of
times and then he bounced off us and hit
another car though there were four total
cars that he hit this guy hit four cars
hit four cars she just said today she
found out about a fourth car they
weren't trying to hunt us down they were
trying to say who were these people how
can I contact them and we were doing the
same we were calling the police
on that phone call Jenner was like is he
okay and the woman was like he's gonna
be in a world of hurt is he hurt
he's physically fine but he hit four
cars and he's completely at fault she
was saying something about like a
liability limit because there are four
cars that he hit and there are so many
passengers than so many bodily injuries
that I'm assuming insurance is only
gonna be able to cover so much yeah so
far we've been built for the ambulance
ride but I was in documenting you got
filled for me I got why I got billed for
the ambulance they said she wasn't in
the ambulance they were like they were
like just Julian took the ambulance
right and I was like no unless I was
like concussed and seeing things Jenner
was right next to me the whole time so I
got billed for the ambulance
I paid both of our copay at the hospital
which was just like a couple hundred
bucks but it was still a copay and
that's significant for us since we
didn't do also as you guys saw this
week I'm paying for physical therapy for
my neck and we had to pay for Jenna's
knee specialist appointment so we are in
the hole for a lot of this and so it's
really nice to hear yeah it's
nice to hear from someone who try to
figure this out you just said that
because there are so many people that
are injured we have to wait until
everybody is done getting medical bills
before they decide who they can pay for
what so it's probably gonna be month Wow
okay well it's really good to
hear something cuz sometimes when you
don't hear anything you think you're
losing your mind and you like it did
like it doesn't even even care
that phone call is helpful but also this
is like a
like if any of you are following the
long car accident or Julian and vlogs
and stuff like this is sort of a crash
course of what happens when you get in a
car accident caused I've never been it's
true serious accident like this where
there's insurance logged and police
reports in hospital bills
yeah and like feels this is the reason
and it should we documented the whole
thing and something's interesting is
that like for us you know being our
first real big huge accident like this
and we think okay we gotta call the
police got to get the police report so
we do all those things and it gets us
nowhere until we receive the right call
so sometimes like you want to make the
right calls or make everything happen
but you just have to wait and it's been
what a month it's been a month as of two
days ago two days ago was a month mark
well and we're also still like in a lot
of pain like joints been going to
physical therapy and we're waking up in
pain every single day her rib in my neck
terrible and I still can't feel my knee
I'm sitting out of jujitsu I haven't
done anything my neck is prohibiting me
from doing anything yeah I actually
didn't think of it like that this whole
month has been kind of our documentation
of what going through a big car accident
it's like this is the process and like
getting that call I wasn't I wasn't
waking up every day nervous that
someone's gonna call I was just kind of
frustrated because I received a
big-ass bill for an ambulance ride that
we told we were told we weren't going to
get billed for and so finally were we're
on the same pages but also it gives you
anyone out there incentive to drive
safely and wear seat belt if you hit
people while you're driving a car
whether you meant it or not driving is a
privilege it's not you're like right
when you turn 16 and I know a lot of
kids think that we don't know how old he
was but he looked yeah you're driving
like a maniac and you hit people like
you're gonna deal with the consequences
for a long
long long time I just like hearing that
story makes me so frustrated because I
know drivers like that who see a tiny
bit of traffic and then just get
out no matter what anyone else is doing
and finally it caught up to him and he
 everyone and himself so let this
help you guys and be a future lesson and
reference for being safe on the road
because this sucks this sucks
this sucks yeah anyway Happy
Thanksgiving
hope you guys are having a great
Thanksgiving so far I just woke up clean
the entire kitchen and I'm going to be
cooking things for for Thanksgiving
because we're going to my mom's house
I'm bringing basically a whole vegan
Thanksgiving we're bringing tato
stuffing cranberry sauce that's our
Thanksgiving and then some desserts but
I'm gonna get started on that soon and
I'll show you guys what I'm doing
there'll be a a J's kitchen if you will
I'm just waiting for this waiting for
this sin of lard to come out I
want to watch it damn I am you heart all
right well I want to see it I like this
in a large you're in it yeah
I just can't doubt for Josh just enough
 look naughty naughty today I'm
gonna hang out with one of my best
friends Julie and sulamita he is one of
the best bloggers on YouTube right
and his content really does inspire me
to want to do better things myself
this was so dumb the synagogue with Josh
it turned out amazing I'm so happy about
it go watch that if you haven't watched
it will be in the link in the
description the sin of logs are Josh's
new style of vlogging is content where
he documents his life in a really
different way and he invited me on as a
guest and I really appreciate the fact
that he did that and I think it turned
out really badass so I was waiting for
this to come out I woke up this morning
I was like when's the cinder block out
and it's out and look we're just texted
me ye BA can I cook some Thanksgiving
things now
all right so we just ran out to get that
we needed a friar to make some of the
fried chicken we're making for tomorrow
d and fried chicken but on the way home
we stopped and got some Mexican food
does this we learned about last
night this is a vegan quesadilla ZZZ
so yeah sure so we're handsome lunch
okay I know this preparing the
stuffing and I'm just going to show you
this step because I want to show you
what bread we're using for the stuffing
this is our stuffing bread I'm drying it
out right now I cut it up small little
cubes and I'm going to put it in the
oven at 200 degrees for like 15 20
minutes that will be our bread for the
stuffing for the egg mixture we are
using need egg which is an egg
substitute we're making the cheesecake
we're making a blackberry cheesecake
vegan and gluten free so what you need
for that is some raw pecans raw cashews
pitted dates full fat coconut milk
coconut oil and blackberries so in a
hugs and a hug hug number 5,000
alright guys I gotta be honest I have so
much cooking to get done and it's going
to be hard to do this step-by-step all
by myself
this is the Cheesecake make sure I'm
going to just kind of make it as I go
and check in with you guys as I can
links to recipes will be in the
description in case you want to step by
step I just can't do right now because I
have so much to get done so we just had
our second power outage of the day I was
down here China I was upstairs in the
shower and the power went off it's the
second time it's happened today there's
been heavy winds around here speaking in
heavy winds we should fix this the wind
has been nuts today so I'm sure some
power lines are getting knocked over but
I have my flashlight and we have some
other portable lights that we brought
upstairs all right oh jeez at night not
fun I'm not taking another chance I got
my headlamp on just replace the
batteries I assume that there will
continue to be power outages today
because the wind is still so strong and
if it happened twice it'll happen again
the cheesecake is done well it's in the
freezer this is what the cheesecake
looks like sort of see it roll back
there does I don't know if you guys have
been watching me that long but we made a
purple cheesecake a long time ago and I
blogged it I ate it with like a really
big Fork alright that is our third power
outage of the night we've had we've had
two power outages before this and then
two seconds ago I know their power
outage happened it's happening all over
the neighborhood time well I guess the
pumpkin pie was done anyway power
forgot I was recording but yeah we're
still in the powder out of just going on
like 15 20 minutes now we read something
online that says it'll be fixed by 10:30
it's not even 7:00 p.m.
all right so we've lit candles all over
the house because it's cheap Frank it's
not lit that's why we lit candles
there's no power what's going on
probably 30 40 minutes almost now all we
can do is really wait I mean we can
order phosphates right yeah we'll just
have someone bring us food to our
 dead-ass house ideally it could
come on soon so we can shoot a video
prep each you controlling pitch what are
you controlling lady I'm a good girl I
love you all right it's completely dark
there's no light just a couple candles
and I'm in low light mode on the camera
baby your bed bed look it looks like
it's the Blair Witch Project but you can
see anyway it is going on an hour and a
half with no power yeah completely
 dark luckily we have like six
movies fully charged so we're watching
survivor on Jenna's phone time for a
night walk since we still have no power
all right all night walk say hi Jenna
dogs are appreciating the blackout at
least all these houses are out this
entire block right here is dark you
prepared for this blackout were you
prepared for it did you have a safety
pack ready flashlights ready I had some
batters ready but after going through a
blackout tonight that lasted more than a
few minutes I need to totally revamp my
safety bag
the power is back right after like some
cooking and then for our power outage
and some more cooking
we have tonight's product which is
almost done but here's what we got
pumpkin pie made with love as you can
see semi burnt but it's still really
tasty fresh made chocolate chip cookies
very chewy and then our special purple
cheese cake and over here we got our
stuffing that is going to go in the oven
now ok google' set a timer for 45
minutes
sure 45 minutes starting now
thanks babe Wow honestly what are you
most impressed with about the Julian 20
right now I'm most impressed with the
kitchens so clean that's what I'm
impressed I was expecting to walk into a
tornado and it's like you clean yeah I
tried to clean as I go you told me so
but this is our special purple
cheesecake this is what I want okay
alright so Julian is voicing over my
video so I'm going to sign off of his
video hey guys me Julian watch this
mm-hmm and then they'll flip up and then
I do split and I sit on the ground um
thanks thanks for watching
I love clouds and I can do splits in my
free time especially on your lap a mere
come here I live in the reality where my
dogs don't like me you like me you nice
you don't but alright have a great
Thanksgiving and I wanted to say that to
you guys have a happy Thanksgiving a
really thankful for all you hope you
guys are spending it with your family
having a good time we're thankful for
all the jokes that you making us and all
the love and support that you give us as
yours are the best internet fam ever
and it's really great happy Dinks get
did not feel like you laugh at REE
Drummond alone with you guys simply
cooked your Thanksgiving meal with REE
Drummond certified I'm REE Drummond
Walmart I'm REE Drummond alright bye
you
