oh hi we are driving up to Oregon
or again
we ever started
yeah dad he's always charging across
like this
I know you want me to pay
his grab Kravitz head when I
watching Klaus choking him feet let him
go
- naughty you know you call it you
shivering and dramatic
she's just a perpetual set of choking
sir
peach you're gonna get fixed you're
gonna get adjusted I'm the adjuster
there you go just me okay
good Pat listen
what it good okay no now you're choking
him again
think he likes that
watch your hand
she's gripping my I'm so tight please I
know I love you I love you but I need my
hand back please
thank you no no you can't walk on top in
this bitch are you tell me more
you know you said that
yeah
Oh Merry Christmas from ours to yours in
his Christmas Day in Oregon not so early
but bright and sort of early I'm going
over to Jenna's brother's house in just
a couple minutes just want to say Merry
Christmas
I also wanted to tell you something that
happened last night which was pretty
weird so we got back to our hotel room
around nine ish from hanging out with
the family
I know Carmen okay and we received a
phone call on our hotel phone from an a
man saying this is hotel maintenance
we're gonna need you to leave your phone
off the hook because we're doing
maintenance on the phones tonight we
don't your phone will be ringing all
night so immediately I was like that's a
really weird request and I've never
heard anything like that and I was like
I was like why do you need me to do it
again he was like well cuz we we need a
busy signal to do the maintenance right
so I hung up and I called the front desk
right away because I remember seeing
like only one girl will work in the
front desk she was like yeah I'm the
only one working and I know nothing
about that so it's like sick we shot
pretty cold but it like tripped me out I
took both of us out we were like we
blocked the people on the door we went a
little bedroom shut the door and I could
not sleep at all
I know it's probably like stupid and
overdramatic but like we even called the
cops
and just like reported it we ain't
called over one but it was just like one
of those things were I don't know we're
in a small town get a call like that
it's a little disconcerting and I don't
really know what to think of it I don't
know why it came in I don't know who was
doing it but the front desk said no one
else has gotten the call so I blame that
call for my kind of shitty sleep last
night so pretty tired pretty out of it
still but it's Christmas so it's all
okay but it definitely wasn't incredibly
good Christmas Eve to have that happened
I don't really know what it was still I
don't know what their angle was because
it wasn't hotel maintenance it wasn't
phone maintenance it was either someone
giving us prank call someone try to
listen in on our room or something where
people figured out that we were staying
here and wanted to fuck with us because
they only called our room the whole
thing was pretty weird I don't know
anyway
I hope you had a wonderful Christmas I
hope your holidays went well I figured I
would just make one little super vlog
encompassing our trip up here and just
post it when I can
Kermit
are you guys climbing around the room
like it's a jungle gym hello sir hello
feels good
Sacramento is Heike dope as hell we were
on the road for like eight hours today
ports I know I know look alright let's
do a little what's the little room tour
first of all the the amount of space in
this room is just so relaxing cuz we
stayed in San Francisco for a night
which was shit it was like the most
crammed and like just really stressful
especially dogs let me say you know our
little hotel in Oregon but this yeah the
hotel organ is normally good except for
this year it was weird as fuck because
of what happened but asphalt we got back
to Sacramento because we were driving
home now but we had to break up to drive
into two days and we stopped in
Sacramento and this is our room
we're at the Kimpton Sawyer the Kimpton
is a lot of hotels that are all pet
friendly so this might be my favorite
Kimpton because we stayed at a bunch of
um this one yeah this one's nice order
some dinner and just chill out because
all that lies ahead and just like the
five and a half hour drive home tomorrow
couldn't do it today because we were on
that I was driving for eight hours and
it's probably not smart to keep going so
it feels good to just like chill this is
our little you know it's like we took
this trip to see family but this room
feels a little bit vacationing it was in
the bathroom and Pete I was like how
does the door keep opening and this is
how it happens watch
excuse you hey not you Metro this is
actually so good to know in the future
we live in a house
he likes the side doors oh oh oh yeah
Hotel the ring light is a hotel I am a
fan of pho but like the fuck is this I'm
a hot spring boy himself having a little
night in Sactown and we decided to the
dogs for a little stroll and we found a
nice festive area
we're so tired and we like really can't
wait to get home but it's a night it's
like it was a really nice last night of
a trip from what I've experienced in
Sacramento which is very little it's
super chill and like to pick the good
hotel I think this is where the Kings
play good my eyes are exhausted from not
having my glasses at all if we mentioned
we like forgot to pack like half of our
show and her grasses are one of them I
forgot my glasses I have to fall asleep
like right when I'm falling asleep
Taylor contacts out put them right in in
the morning
- my eyes - great yeah I had a really
good time this was really nice and it's
really cool to be here is I haven't
spent any time in Sacramento there just
thought time we were here two years ago
it's like one of those weird nights that
you really should forget but you know
you won't
