ha I'm REE Drummond
I'm REE Drummond
there was only one REE Drummond in this
house and it will be me so today is not
a simple day for a vlog I had to do a
bunch of shopping for Thanksgiving
cleaning to do the B movie starts in an
hour
we got to get a lot of done so I'm
just gonna make a questions video for
you I ask you guys on Facebook for your
questions and a whole bunch you guys
left some questions some good some
terrible I'm gonna answer some above
this is sky on your snapchat I have a
name he's everywhere it seems yeah his
name is bling Bo iqg bling and I don't
know where he came from sometimes he'll
just army crawl out of my closet at
night and just crawl by the bed you
think vlogging has helped you go out do
things you normally wouldn't have done
otherwise yes
vlogging has helped me go out and do
things I wouldn't have done it's helped
me meet people I wouldn't have met you
know I could easily say that everything
that I'm doing right now has been in
some way influenced by vlogging but
they're shooting something completely
different than a vlog or even going
somewhere without filming a lot of what
I do on a daily basis has been in large
part because I started blogging and I
think that's a really cool thing will
you change the ending of your videos to
say fine
instead of fiend ah no it's fine it's
fine it was the first prank you played
on Rome see this is a good question
because I had to think about this I
actually asked Jenna and I think the
first time I pranked Rome was in Vegas
when we played the creepy song
underneath her door to wake her up
here's a clip
your favorite snapchat filter I mean
that's pretty hard there are a lot of
cool snapchat filters I don't really
have a favorite they're all kind of my
favorite if you guys got another dog or
cat what would its name me so we've
talked about this actually and we want
another big dog I don't know why I said
another we want a big dog you don't have
a big dog and we want one and we were
thinking of funny names for a big dog
and we were thinking if we got two more
dogs we named them beep and Boop
if boob was by itself and you had
introduced Boop
to someone how weird that would sound
beep would be finds you like yeah it's
about dog be but if you had a giant
greyhound you're like what's your dog's
name
oh that's Boop we were thinking of that
so we're gonna get a greyhound tomorrow
right babe christmas is coming up we
want a greyhound
we're actually thinking about fostering
a racing greyhounds before we start with
Foster
don't throw fake flowers at me purple
tee saw the purple city are you
considering doing any BJJ competitions
once they're all healed up or do you
prefer not to compete actually I was
really considering competing before I
got injured I've competed before but
I've never competed in the ghee and I
would really like to a lot of my
teammates compete I would totally do it
yeah then I would compete I would
compete I would compete if you had to
pick a superpower would you rather fly
or read minds I'd rather read flies
minds and who knows what those
are thinking they are probably plotting
some weird crazy and nobody knows
about it they're like why would I care
about what a fly's thinking my
superpower would be to know what a fly
is thinking what's your first dream job
my first dream job is to be the first
actual rocket League driver in real
they hire me and they're like we found
this car that is you can't get injured
in it because it's like a pill on the
inside but you can go play rocket League
IRL and we need one driver to be the
brave man play rocket League IRL and we
want that to be you and I'm like yeah I
gotta finish watching the B movie and
that'll be right over
what's your middle name what is Jenna's
middle name I've tweaked you guys like
two seven two eight three eight three
nine eight four times this is killing me
I'm sorry I gave you so much trouble let
me answer it for you our middle names
are what kind of music do you listen to
well my first name is resuming Reed
remand D Davidson I've been listening to
a lot of diet Jack I don't know if you
guys know who that is I just recently
found his music through a column or also
known as waffle
he showed me dying jack really good
stuff this is my like my favorite song
what drum would you recommend for
beginners I get it a tweet saying this
probably every single day and my answer
is probably the drone I have it's the
DJI Mavic Pro and DJI makes their drums
so intuitive that you really don't need
to know much about flying drums to fly
very smart easy to fly well-built
I would recommend DJI Matic or any of
the jazz drums honestly what's your best
advice for someone who wants to start
creating content but doesn't have a
laptop or vlogging camera you have one
of these because if you have one of
these just start filming on this that's
what I did three years ago when I
started filming stuff I just recorded on
my phone and see where it gets you an
experiment and doing different and
they even have like little clip-on
lenses that you can get for your photo
made wide angles and try that because
think you probably have a phone so see
where it takes you and you'll have more
of an idea later on what kind of camera
you want and kind of stuff you want to
film highly encourage you to start
filming with your phone rate my pug she
got into flower hey help me rate this
pug Wow
Oh white face out of 10 offensive much
too far mr. pug too far we are not there
yet as a society to play
like your about your dog's key will you
be doing another collaboration with free
radicals with different pins
I loved first batch why yes I will be
doing not just one more collaboration
but many because free radicals makes
really quality pins they are an awesome
company easy to work with and you guys
most of all have loved them so I will be
making more pin designs more versions
and they will all be coming out soon
boom oh my god it's Gandhi it's Ariana
Garvey oh my god it's Ariana Gandhi um
this brings me back to the days that we
were still alive ah God
too late too soon way too late Matt van
de Putte says when are you coming to Oz
okay this guy is awesome if you guys
don't know who he is look him up he
makes amazing if you guys think I
like time-lapses check out Matt stuff he
is like an actual professional but yeah
I hope we come back to Australia at some
point soon because I would really like
to and we need to have a time lapse and
beer session what type of computer do I
use I use a MacBook Pro retina 2013 15
inch and it is a tank and I love it and
I even love it especially because I saw
the recent Mac books that came out and I
hate those I'm very happy with my
computer although I might eventually get
a desktop as well you were getting close
to a million subscribers on YouTube what
will you do this extra special other
than the whiskey aging I started a year
ago I don't know I mean it's exciting I
just don't really care that much you
know all that much about it being a
million I think it's cool but what do
you guys think I should do I'm gonna
drink that whiskey that I've been aging
and if you guys have any other ideas for
what I should do let me know cuz if you
don't give me a good idea I'll probably
just take peach for a walk and be like
good walk fam I got a million subs are
you proud she'll just be like who are
you what kind of film equipment have you
not used but would like to I feel like
eventually I'd like to learn how to
shoot on red cameras you know that's
like the next level of professional
cinema and you know when you're shooting
high quality stuff you can only get so
far before you get to a camera like a
red pepper or already camera so yeah
something like that I would like to
learn how to shoot and eventually get
some experience with where is the exit
there are two exits along the side and
two
the rear make sure you familiarize
yourself so with the locations of the
exit and if you are sitting in an exit
row and you are not equipped to deal
with an exit call and shut up all right
well we're gonna end with a question
from Colin Colin for those of you who
pay close attention in my like my
facebook comments and Jenna's facebook
comments Colin comments on both of our
Facebook's like quite a lot so Colin I
see you I'm looking at you right now
anyway guys thank you for all the
questions they were relatively decent
this week I'm going to be back to vlogs
tomorrow we'll see what kind of large
you'll see for Thanksgiving I'm going to
be spending some of my family and I hope
you guys are doing the same what the B
movies on oh I gotta go oh can i it's
fine
