that's mine can't take it back good
restock guys the restock for the pins is
currently live right now so if you want
pause the vlog head over there the link
is right here and it's also in the
description
go get your pins limited run and I don't
know how many more restarts there will
be but hitch pins right now I just gave
Jenna her pin because she called me out
on Twitter also I realized I hadn't
given her opinions stuff but also to be
fair I hadn't gotten a pop sake yet I
got the old kind just like everyone else
I only had like negative pins I had to
send them to friends and stuff okay
yeah pins are up go get them I also
might have something fun in store for
you guys in December
oh I'll tell you I'll tell you not you
about today after the rain they are so
real I can't stop looking at these
clouds man there's one thing I like more
than rain and fog it's when the clouds
come out when the rain is done and today
that is happening which is absolutely
beautiful it was actually better early
on today but I just left lunch with my
dad and I'm on my way to physical
therapy
it takes my fucking neck because the car
accident really messed it up it's not
all bad because look at the sky guys
I'm here for Dinks
I just got done streaming on Twitch i
streamed a bunch of rocket League and I
played with some of the Dinks which was
awesome
I learned how to use discord which kind
of changed the game and now we are
watching Project Project Runway yes yeah
no I gotta have who are you what's your
name now what's your name Oh jenna
mourey drama i'm jenna mourey hiney a
woman got theory drummers
good bye everybody I need my strap back
on my camera it's gonna fucking fall
like this time you mentioned butter what
has happened to us read read can you
please just EMS or something we need you
read if I do that my neck hurts so bad
so Debbie machine was supposed to come
today but she can't make it she's not
gonna be here for Thanksgiving because
there was a bunch of snow and all the
travel got jammed up over there
I was Windows whether either way she she
was meant to come in tonight gonna be
like two days or some shit like it's
just too much and she's like you know
what she's gonna come out for Christmas
and like later in the spring so she's
like if I hadn't seen you guys like a
lot already really yeah and that's the
fortunate part like she's she's been
lucky enough to come out here I know and
obviously we're upset and we miss her
cuz she was supposed to come in today
and I was excited us here but we'll see
her for Christmas so delay on the
Machine but she will she will come in
stronger than ever but she always been
in there all right so now we're making
popcorn and watching Project Runway
we've done it I'm pretty sure we've done
oh my god
yeah we're right there behind the peanut
oil
what let's go guy here a Drummond
yeah theory German you read running with
all that butter I just I love butter
it's my best friend my closest confidant
my boyfriend my girlfriend I'm like
bitch you married all you ladies pop
your pussy like this shake your body
don't poop don't piss oh don't do it
don't do it we burn it it's reasonable
fuck y'all
when the popcorn is popping as you
poured it into the bowl then you're we
Drummond what's the heat what PI do you
want huh
well pie do you want for Thanksgiving
you want a dog by Jenna and I are
deciding what pies we're gonna make for
Thanksgiving this here because we're
bringing in some pies and some vegan
food over to my mommy's so far we have
pumpkin pie for sure
cuz I love pumpkin pie cheesecake that
that sounds amazing can I help you she's
like grabs me and I'm like what you're
like I forgot I love you you're the
prettiest little girl in the whole world
yeah so we're just planning out our pie
game and our vegan Thanksgiving game
because tomorrow I'm gonna be doing a
lot of the shopping for all of our
ingredients and we're gonna start the
cooking tomorrow this week we're doing a
lot of things earlier as a lot of people
are so we're just planning it out it's
fine I'm gonna close the vlog because
this got really late and I
kind of put it together and you know and
I have to have it up by 7 because pins
so I hope you guys got your pins love
you dig them
it's time how do you want Thanksgiving
it's time I'll catch you on the
