the thing in the Sun what is that thing
we're just on the pier right now taking
some time lapses and we saw this tiny
light that seems to be like coming up or
I'm just gonna try already sorry I'm
going to switch cameras I don't know
what that is but it's looking like it's
a something going up
we are on time for sunrise good morning
guys I have been on the pier all morning
I did a little bit of flying which was
really nice and now as the Sun rises I
got a decent time-lapse Kevin
you done guy but it's been really cold
it's actually start to warm up Jenna
came with but I told her to get my car
just laid out on the blanket because she
needs to sleep it's peaceful out this
early but it's also exhausting to the
last memory I have of the pier is
Pokemon go and apparently some people
are still playing I'm not and being here
just reminded me of playing because I
swarmed it got down here when Pokemon go
just dropped and everyone was finding
the best Pokemon it's just wild 100%
seen people walking by playing Pokemon
go today this morning because I've heard
the noises on their phone yep nope not
playing Pokemon go nope
anyway gonna get just a few more shots
and then probably head home because I'm
tired and I have to pee oh they added
some nice bathrooms on the pier they've
done so much to Santa Monica like every
time I come here I'm like all this
is new it is crazy I kind of love it but
it's also kind of like how I missed out
now it's nice I mean it's always been
nice but you know
you get to pick yes by cargo crossing
coupons
oh my god
tell your old girl alright good
yeah
you use thanks girl Oh mom okay I didn't
want to vlog in line but as we were
leaving
I checked the snap bot because it's 7
a.m. and they dropped it on the pier oh
so he's got specks I can't believe that
like I'm honestly blown away I just
didn't want to like start vlogging in
line because there's a whole bunch of
people lined up but we looked out oh my
God look at the clouds what a day
the snap out is real I touched it what
as you see I've never seen anything like
that
is there anything like that blew my mind
Wow what's let's go to sleep let's get
the outta here
holy Sam alright so we made it back
home this morning was so wild I was out
there shooting time upses I'm drone
footage and b-roll fur for my job
tomorrow and snap bot appears on the
pier and I have an extra pair I think
I'm going to give one of you guys this
pair on snapchat so we went through this
with the pins but the way it works is to
enter this contest to win a pair of
spectacles I'll ship to anywhere in the
world you need to add me on snapchat
right now Julien solo go at me right now
pause the video go at me or you can scan
this code right here and you can add me
it's on my face I'm just going to leave
it there
tell your friends to add me anyone who
adds me on snapchat will be eligible for
the giveaway after this video goes live
later on in the day I'm going to post a
snap with the spectacles telling you
guys to screenshot it and that is the
snap you have to screenshot to win the
spectacles so right now go add me on
snapchat Julien solo tell your friends
to add me on snapchat and these could be
yours because we were allowed to get to
and I want to keep one but
I also want to give one of you guys
because you guys are awesome so I'll be
picking a winner tomorrow you can also
click the link in the description to add
me on snapchat I'll take you right there
I'm very excited that we got them and
very excited to give a para to you guys
it was worth not sleeping wow that was
worth not sleeping I have identified a
problem that needs solving for our video
shoot tomorrow
we need a stabilization rig what I'm
talking about is either a glide cam or
an electronic gimbal and I gotta figure
out a way to get one because rental
houses won't work it's too late in the
day we absolutely need one for the shoot
tomorrow it's going to make the shoot
entirely possible to have one and very
very difficult if we don't have one no
dude how you doing good good so much
better now I guess so got it let's shoot
alright so BTS kick for spring one
you're gonna want some kind of dude oh
my god take that sprays house right here
across what it's a good mr. to tell
ourselves oh yeah
dude it's alright so Wow look
there's a cat thank you
he was doing cat things as I was trying
to troubleshoot this problem not having
a rig for stabilized shots tomorrow I
call Cody my guy from DJI and of
course he comes through for me and he
has this amazing beast of a gimbal
called the Ronin M any of you guys who
have done any filmmaking or any sort of
video production probably know what this
is but I've never used one I always
thought they were really complicated but
since we needed one for this shoot I
said Cody do you have a Ronin I can use
tomorrow for one day shoot and he said
sure come by and pick it up his team
showed me how to use it and there is so
much to be said about a company who can
come through for you like DJI has come
through for me they really really really
 care
I don't you guys remember a couple
months ago they approached me they were
like come by the office for a meeting
and this was the place that I came and
now I'm here a couple months later
shooting things that I wasn't shooting
then and getting the help from DJI that
they're giving me and it just it's
really nice they're they're an awesome
team and I'm glad to know them I'm gonna
get my ass home and start practicing
with this gimbal so we can make some
actual buttery shots tomorrow like
literal butter like they're not vegan so
this is the Ronin M and I probably sound
like a crazy person how excited I am
maybe this will explain my excitement
you
check this noise out fam
