all right so it's the afternoon and I'm
just starting the vlog we are out
because we're going to go get some
coffee because we need caffeine and we
already had some but somehow we need
more my life this whole day has been
filled up with just non-stop editing for
me the BTS video we shot in Austin has
taken up hours and hours and hours and
hours and hours of editing and it's been
great because I've enjoyed it and it's
it's coming together nicely but today is
the day that I finished the first cut of
that project so been a lot of looking at
footage and you know just doing the
thing
so it's afternoon we're getting coffee I
might stop by Josh's place later because
I haven't seen his new place yet and it
feels like Tuesday but it's Wednesday
it's like a weird week as we return to
town on a Monday so we just go off
we gonna make the light I got green tea
today we got iced coffee today and tea
and it's actually starting to cool down
it's been a nice cool day today but it's
also still not fully cooled down 55
today so we're almost there Valley want
to play is that what you want
you want to play come on good girl good
girl got you that's you so I think I'm
gonna vlog with these glasses today kind
of like Jessie did in his vlog they eat
some dinner we just ordered and I
literally edited all day and then I went
to see Josh so it was a good day
think you can gauge my productivity and
busyness by how clean my desk is and I
was busy today as you can fucking see
clearly an absolute wreck on my desk
there's no organization but what's even
fucking messier is this timeline that I
was editing on for the last week and a
half look at that speaking of week and a
half these boys right here and the cloud
pens as well will be restocked very soon
a lot of you have been asking and the
patches as well will be upon you guys
giving me more pins and also my opinion
collection growing I have more ideas and
we will be releasing a new line of pins
after the next restock of the popsicle
there was a fair bit of you who asked
what I got in the DJI gift bag it was a
speaker and a DJI neck pillow these
roses or flowers rather are left over
from the doggie wedding and they're fake
so they will never ever die this little
bear right here somehow this guy ends up
downstairs because peach brings him
downstairs but this is marbles boyfriend
he humps this bear every night before
bed every night you guys gotta go
outside you go outside okay good go
urinate come on you can do it gonna look
at us come on permit you can go I'm
gonna hold your hand I'll hold your hand
teach you not you you can go are you
just a nervous guy all the time what do
we got here these are tight as fuck
these are Jenna's new pop sockets
holy shit okay this one is me as fuck
what show is this the curse of Oak
Island oh fuck yeah
okay Google can you tell me about fuck
you Dale my apologies
I don't understand typical Google what
is a vlog a blogging with the postings
are primarily in video form correct
you know what got well sooner than this
balloon nothing this balloon is perfect
it's had helium in it for like four
fucking weeks how that's of an impact
don't judge me from Seattle but I want
to show you some of the gifts that the
dink fan gave me in see how this is a
really nice cup and there's a bunch of
notes on it from Aubree I got a pair of
Alaskan otters and then I got a new corn
because peach rekt you repped the old
corn this is not for you anymore
and of course we have this now that I
think of it buddy
this needs to happen okay it's got to
happen oh my god alright this is
necessary I'm going to tie it
Kermit this is a cat bonnet so it's
perfect for you what do you think okay
you know huh are you wearing a bonnet
peachy are you jealous of his bonnet why
are you breathing so heavily are you in
a bonnet
oh my goodness gimmick you know look is
for you Hillman fair myth no give kisses
when he is in miserable
you know the little chef baby hi I'm
Reed room I'm REE Drummond I've just
been vlogging with the specs I think I
think that's a good way to like mix in
vlog clips no he can't it's going to
make some vlog clips when might be more
convenient to just walk free handed
actually you know I think the one thing
I would improve about the specs is a
record button not just like a record
ten-second snaps but like if there was a
way to start and stop as you please so
that they wouldn't only come in
ten-second segments and then you could
perhaps make better vlogs or easier make
better vlogs with them it's a brand new
product so what do you expect we're
thinking about views from a video right
now Julie's just decided to say goodbye
everybody at these things is really
funny Reese's Pieces Reese's portions
goodbye everybody
what's my favorite constellation the
name of it is when I do from 5:00 p.m.
to 9:00 a.m. is nobody's business the
line goodbye hello okay zipper now we're
talking
zip him and it's over hi everybody well
it didn't mean you got to change the
temperature in the house fast thermostat
designer bike I was so bad my muscles
ache hi everybody you know who is the
most money-grubbing animal in the animal
kingdom
otters because you can't spell lottery
without otter my god Wow Wow toupee if I
have a big head I'm sorry but I'm going
to need at least a 3.5 pay goodbye
everybody
this is so awful I know they're so awful
and they're so bad that they are on full
hello everybody that was that job
and then you dye your hair can you live
your hair goodbye everybody
if a dog can't see colors what is the
purpose of them even existing goodbyes
everyone always says brainstorm do you
think best when it's raining and
thundering out because I think we should
call it brain sunny day morning goodbye
everyone
a dog definitely invented pasta I just
kept their paws all over it oh my god
second servings at family dinner sure
you rude
go to someone else's family dinner
uninvited that's way more room everybody
one more sunrise actually sudden didn't
give you permission to look at me son
spies goodbye everybody all right uh I
came outside and a lot of things have
blown over it's incredibly windy tonight
like really windy we hear the windows
knocking upstairs and the doors move in
and it's really windy but I came out
here
well hey because I have a sweater and I
have a dead cat on my mic so I can and
it's kind of nice to get some cool air
it's nice that it's actually cool lay
down but the second reason why I am
outside right now is because I
remembered tomorrow morning I'm going to
shoot some drone footage and time lapses
and b-roll and stuff by the beach
because I have a job on Friday Colin and
I are shooting another sort of BTS gig
and I want to have a decent amount of
b-roll to be able to use for so I
figured since I have a day between now
and the job I'll jump on a nice sunrise
by the water and I just recently learned
that the DJI Mavic my awesome little
fanny pack
right here I just learned that it has
flight simulator mode so I can literally
simulate a flight right now without
putting the drone up in the air and the
windy night sky I thought that was
really really fucking cool so I'm going
to do some flight simulating right now
and pretend to fly my drone in the air I
thought that's really cool I want to see
how this works
I'm literally flying around right now
time to land her get on the dot tie
check this out guys the microfiber cloth
that comes with the specs is shaped like
the snapchat ghost I'm gonna go to sleep
soon we just finish in Jenna's video and
I have just a handful of hours before I
gotta be up in the morning oh my god
spies on you
hello tear kiss and hug and a gentle
loving child a gentle loving child you
know we love someone who's come up
either in give them a gentle loving job
Hey No oh my god dramatic much my dying
words are subscribe anyway we shot
Jenna's video which was fun but it was
more fun oh hello
she's wearing them you know all the
comments in your last video asking moves
in that DJ I beg you didn't tell it was
neck pillow for spoiler no you told the
spoiler it's been alerted but it looks
nice on you let me see the pop socket
sweet Jenna announcer new pop sockets in
their dopest shit I don't even have him
yet I don't know Julie wants that hookup
but I want that young hookup their salsa
I want them I'll get some more for you
okay take they're really fucking rad
look at that Kermit's cool picture he
looks just like it's dead yo you can get
excited for two for you and two for your
friend hey I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow uh see mom if I'm awake I'll
come with you outdoor noise
look who came to say hello ho I love
when PP becomes a visit mm bye guys
