good morning go money yeah good morning
guys
I am up relatively early this morning on
my way to go to something pretty cool
today
is DJ eyes event they had an event a few
months back if you'll remember
announcing the Mavic the little tiny
drone that I have and today they have
another event announcing another I
believe couple of products and they
invited me to come down to watch so I'm
going to come down and watch because
that is dope but I'm gonna head over
there it's in Burbank you guys are
coming with me
the specs are coming with me I'm going
to try to show you guys every angle this
little event because I have a feeling
it's gonna be really cool that I wanted
to show you guys some of the pins that I
gained my trip to Seattle
most of these were given to me by you
guys autopen Breaking Bad then I got
these two in a store and then I got this
Robin pin by some Dinks in the air for
lilo stitch a couple Seattle pins right
there and then this one is super sick
fallout thank you guys for giving me
pins you are all-time dopest I am ready
to just be a normal person again I
haven't worked out in nearly a month
because I can't and I'm just ready to
like I'm ready to start sweating again
and start being an active person
and obviously because work out for a lot
of people is a stress relief so you
start to feel stressed and you start to
not really feel like yourself but when
it's out of your control it's even more
frustrating because you're like why like
what the it's okay because drone
business is happening today and no day
with drone business is a day with bad
business I'm dolly autumn I said that
alright so I'm just pulling up at the
DJI event which is at Warner Brothers
Studios and it's an outdoor event
probably because there's going to be
drones involved but I'm here like 20
minutes early but there's a giant line
so I'm honestly just really excited to
see what they announce because whatever
it's going to be I'm going to want it
all right we're here at Warner Brothers
walking it right now hey I do it good to
see you it's gonna happen yeah it's nice
thank you so you can know the stunt is
gonna happen over there because crew is
only allowed over there the stage is
right here and that's where I'm gonna be
sitting right over there right now I
would like to welcome to the stage the
director of strategic partnerships mr.
Michael Perry good morning everyone
thank you so much for coming out we're
really excited to have you here today as
we announce the next iteration of DJ
eyes technology the Phantom 4 Pro offers
professional imaging or doorways and you
can get a lot more amazing shots draw is
a new function that we've incorporated
for the first time on the phantom 4 Pro
that allows you to choose a path all of
this we take an on board to create the
next generation of filmmaking technology
so it's about to get loud so if you have
your ear plugs
I'd recommend putting them now as we
show you the next breakthrough in drone
imaging technology take a look all right
pictures up pictures up all talent to
one please
okay everybody get around but don't
worry you're in shot by the great United
States of America it's another cool
I can call a smart looks your own style
- ow
location is have you seen Warner
Brothers alright so the live events
where they had this whole scene play out
was kind of dope they had actors they
had guns it was crazy but they were just
been showing the inspire 2 which is a
new professional drill that they're
announcing now I'm going to the
reception to I guess except receive this
is copper alright so I'm not a decent
chance to like to look at the inspire to
a close I just want to shoot on this
throne like basically the biggest thing
with this drone is it's like made for
high-quality filmmaking camera can be
used for hand held shot it's just it's
really really cool the demonstration
kind of showed a little bit but I really
hope that I get to shoot on one of these
inspired shoes really soon because it's
a it's something that like doesn't exist
right now for for drop it's very very
cool maybe I'll just take one right now
what do you say it was like a wall of
Jones over here looks like a fine
yeah this scene was a little she got
guess I'm doing an interview right now
getting might tough to talk about the
drones mark bolt here view over there
it's cool to be an event like this
because I normally you know get up
somewhere alarm and watch the live
stream and just geek out at home so
getting the geek out in person is it's
fun there's a lot of like tech websites
and channels here and I don't feel like
I necessarily belong but it's cool to be
here it's cool to be invited so shout
out the DJI for including me in this
what my specs on now all right I'm
leaving Warner Brothers Studios Lots try
not to get arrested by that car they're
still bullets on the ground and I'm
going home for a little bit and then I'm
meeting Josh for lunch terribly excited
to see Josh I haven't seen him for over
a gift bag I don't know what's in there
though not a drone currently is 77
degrees and partly cloudy with a high of
78 degrees have a good one okay Google
sir okay Google
are you letting the NSA listen to me
right now dude oh dude
okay Google why did the chicken cross
the road there are millions of search
results for that which is a lot of
chickens
you'd think they'd carpool so Jenner got
sent the okay Google thing what is it
called oh she got a Google home she's
already busting its balls asking about
aliens in the NSA not wasting any time
here okay Google what's my address I
don't know where home is what's the
address
she she's lying she knows where
we live you you said allow the location
so yeah she knows where we live did you
just assume is gonna ask
we'll play some music and this is what
it played so look okay the little stop
okay go go play some Shawn Mendes all
right check out this Shawn Mendes radio
mix on YouTube oh yeah yes you can stay
nice
hey anybody who voted against syrup is
racist chicken and waffles
how's that thanks for watching the vlog
