all right we're up we're exhausted
because this trip has been amazing and
non-stop but we are leaving Seattle
going home I wanna see the babies we
miss the dogs a lot we won't be
traveling very soon after this so it'll
be nice to get a break but I really
really enjoy being in Seattle this was
fun so thank you Seattle we'll see you
on the flippety-flip
I love
Rover we lost there were you have to
take a tram in it left tight sick sick
tight
yeah yeah we got you toys you want to
get him out of mommy's backpack in my
god what is it get it out
where do ya Ichi do you know which ones
we chose for you somebody got into ro
you like your oh oh now you want to see
what he got so yeah I think we need to
switch the battery to our smoke alarm
he's a sensitive guy you sensitive huh
she just finished yes right yeah
he's being so funny did you guys miss us
yeah he's like crying okay alright we
just we just got home in the dark so
they were super excited yesterday it's
been a lot of traveling for them so I
think it's understandable why they're
stressed out but we're pretty much
settled in we're going to make some mac
and cheese and hang out but in a few
minutes I'm running out to go grab a
package good burn good rather severe you
cried you funny you're funny boy your
emotions are so strong you hysterical
yeah I used erekle why don't you go see
mommy you see mom Judy go outside
non-google potty okay let's do that was
i okay so she just grabbed this out of
the bag which was her other toy that we
got her I didn't know it lights up
though so she's just ran in the room
with this toy it was lit peachy
is this your is this your festive little
toy winner is this your favorite I know
we get this because it has like the chew
guard it's like really tough to chew
through and she just destroys everything
you just want to destroy everything huh
go ahead
I got some specs I'm gonna put them on
and play them when I get home I got
hooked up you go to my Instagram to see
how I got him so pumped oh my
god
alright well this is the case that's
what I can cheese there there look at
your snap code I press the button on
your spectacles once the pair spectacles
found name the specs press once to take
a 10 second video snap press again to
extend by 10 seconds or press and hold
to stop recording thinking according am
i recording why you only get out
here get out of your house are you
crying why are you crying are you crying
cuz I got snacks and you did alright I
gotta charge him alright
I'm recording on both ends what this is
crazy
please sit peachie I got you your
present hey you got snacks on et you got
specs on is it recording
peachy you got specs on thank you are
you recording me hahaha are you look oh
my god
it's a lot of fun but it keeps dying
because it's at like 6% so I'm trying to
hear some charge and so Jenna and I can
play with it we're gonna stream soon cuz
it's Monday night and he just ate some
mac and cheese although I just want so
much more magma cheese because it wasn't
enough is any amount of mac and cheese
really enough mac and cheese ever the
dolly all haven't said that come at me
man a worm we're streaming on the twitch
on the stream on the twitch with the
spectacles
Jenna's playing hearthstone oh yeah
kermit it's just so happy that we are
back big fan wants to have a vlog take
yours blue is lit
