all right we just made it to Seattle and
I had a feeling that I was going to love
this place you've been here for about an
hour and I was right fucking luck
so we're on our way to capitol cider on
Pike Street Capitol Hill which
supposedly is the area that everything's
popping down here so we're going to go
drink some cider more importantly we're
going to go eat some food because it is
14:13 or others dogs look at the doggies
all right she'll be here for another
half hour and we haven't really eaten
today so we're hungry and we are on the
hunt for some food now and drinks
supposedly this place is a lot of good
cider and beers I'm hearing that there's
a lot of good fears here oh my god ro oh
my god throw Nate's pigeons Oh
Cajun watch so a quick little audible
capital cider is not open for dinner
until 5:00 and it's two despite how it
feels like five so we're going to a
place called plum Bistro it's a vegan
spot and it's close by we just need to
get food and then we can just start
drinking and droning and whatever else
we want to do here
you
if it in some sugar all right we got to
pop and we just ordered our food Rome
ordered this French Dip and she was so
excited about it cause she has an
apprentice and forever and they were
like no we're out of it and then she got
so upset and then I came back like no
we're not so rooms feeling a lot of
feelings right now I'm pretty starving
and I ordered a ton of food
so we'll be we'll be getting our grub on
right now a lot of them
do we it's good our repeats ax and by H
if you want to eat some inimical ring
we just got to put the drone up which is
actually a lot of fun but we had like
kind of a pre-dinner the dinner wasn't
that big it was delicious
we're probably gonna eat some more in a
bit the Gauls are doing some Goyle
shopping in here cuz rome found a David
Bowie jacket and yeah we're just walking
around Seattle exploring and having a
blast I love it here the food's
delicious
everyone's so fucking nice here when I
come to a place that's how I felt the
first time I came to Austin everyone was
so nice and that's the vibe I'm getting
from Seattle which is a really really
cool thing
I've seen signs like that on a lot of
different establishments so far in
Seattle and that is something that I
like I feel like it's interesting that
they're specifying that on the outside
of their business so as to be like no
fucking decades in here it's cool though
I've never seen that in another city
where multiple establishments have that
sign or sign similar to that out on the
front kind of I feel like a good
representation of Seattle can we go to
bait yeah we're going to debate now not
debate we're going to bait
see what are you doing like hugging you
like hugs thank you and the huh I'm
gonna cry
I needed a puppy hug so thank you
sweetheart
we just got here we're visiting Los
Angeles mm-hmm he's like an angel yes oh
my god daddy does the pro bono well
thank you you know
are you looking to kill you it wasn't a
cop staring at you just cause he's
trying to it this one yeah
he's waited you trying to get that like
in there
that's intense
so yeah can you leave last hugs last
everything is off yeah it's okay I'll be
retarded Siri knows really get a stable
I'm sorry I was like why oh my god I
can't believe how affectionate he wasn't
he said he knew I needed a dog hug and
he was giving me he gave you like the
Kermit style hug which I've never seen
another dog dude right I was wild like
such as big yeah most endearing thing it
oh that dog was downright adorable
shot yeah when you sort of sit here in
facebook yeah
all right we found some shuffleboard at
this bar so we're going to play
shuffleboard
alright so Jenna just school both myself
in Rome in chopper board she's good
she's got the touch this game is fun but
sometimes it's confusing because the
puck her I don't know what you call it
will catch a bunch of dust and will slow
down and other times it'll just catch
raw table and go flying so it's hard but
it's fine Jenna just completely total
focus we are having an absolutely
amazing time in Seattle we've been here
just a few hours and we already all
three of us collectively love the place
I can't say enough good things about
here I knew I would like it but I really
like one other thing I was showing Roman
Jenna some of my old snapchat art I was
showing her this and for whatever reason
Rome and Jenna don't believe that I did
that they don't think I could draw at
all or on snapchat can you help me
convince them that I could do that
and I did do that because it's annoying
it's buckland all right so we just left
at last bar and we had a great time it
was really fun but I left my ID at the
bar because we were playing shuffleboard
I had to leave my ID so I'm going back
to get it
Roma Jenna went to get a lane at the
bowling alley because we're going to go
bowling but first thing to get my
license because I don't want to be out
of town without identification
all right so second audible of the night
there's a two-hour wait for bowling
lanes so we settled for some square-mile
cider outside of the patio and that's
pretty wonderful we're keen to get a
piece of pizza at sizzle right sizzle
sizzle pipe down the street can't even
hear them
so what city sources you meet your
boyfriend that little doggie
much he started it's not a doing day
you're
where it's isn't why we're getting pizza
take back to the hotel what are you
forgetting we got cider t-shirts and
pizza and it is crazy in here I did I
have one this is my t-shirt we all got
t-shirts it's crazy in there there's a
huge line
I have amazing looking t-shirts so we
had to get them but then we also had to
order a pizza and it's like so much
pressure because it was a huge line but
I think we got it done oh my god don't
be so sure I'm so fucking stressed that
was intense you know they don't have
that kind of stress in Australia op
anyway so we got our pies to take back
to the hotel and we're drinking our
starters all the way billion a you guys
tweeted us about sizzle pie so we've had
to come here and I'm excited the pizza
looks delicious vegan gluten-free and
dope ass shirts
please
right there see him all the way there
they go
yo this pizza is so good fun this is the
biggest pizza I've ever had in my life
this is a huge chicken gosh I always get
the largest size gluten-free pizza has
seams and it's always like this big this
is crazy
Julian only ever gets sizzle pie fucking
shout-out for making a real size pizza
for me
Thank You dog
so why we bought your t-shirts would be
specific about
I think it came from just like we have
like a lot of you we would have liked
that drug discussions and it was really
really fun and sometimes we live
straight up
you know forget 3:00 in the morning or
whatever and way too late ten people
were watching and a couple people were
like hey look I'd like to watch this but
you know I have a job so so you know the
word podcast came to mine and we just we
thought it would be a great way to to
share that that is Wow
so that's like part of the halo they
just car yeah yeah yeah there's the
troll under the bridge
Jessica Hyde Inc BAM super do that and
she's amazing she's saying girls yeah
