ah that's so pretty beachy good girl
does your pearl necklace something old
something new something borrowed and
something chicken gu thank you Mary are
you gonna get married a new karmic get
outta here it's bad luck
so the Iggy's are getting married today
we decided that was like a perfect happy
event for a day like today
and we've been wanting to do this
actually for a while it's just
logistically it's been kind of hard to
set up so we think we can get it done
the sun's going to set right around 5:00
and it's 2:00 right now then we can do
it but peaches off it is basically ready
Jenny you're a genius with this
thank you I think she looks really nice
yeah so what's next are you gonna get
her vatap√° ready I got to make Kirby's
outfit and then we gotta finish we got
to make the outside look like your
wedding yeah we have extra fabric if you
want to make you want to help you do the
outside stuff that'd be great we can
make like put down the white fabric and
then have them walk on it to get to the
altar yeah like your carpet yeah
okay guys a lot of you have actually
commented on my stuff before asking if
I've shot weddings this will be my first
wedding that I shoot could it be a
dope-ass word with your train gauge or
you can use no or dress Luigi wow what a
beautiful bride
let's go I'll carry your dream dad is
Emma come on
let's go come on man somebody's getting
cold feet from it you can marry your
sister
oh you're free to love nothing long you
give mr. Daley it's a life - that for
this wedding we need to decorate the
outside and that involves this area
right here so this is where they're
getting married the aisle is going to be
right here and that's the altar right up
there so we're going to decorate with
like flowers here nice and pretty and
wedding
found this jackfruit curry meat
substitute and we just made it we made
jackfruit curry balls and it's about to
be lit so we're having lunch break and
we're back to the wedding we are doing
the wedding rehearsal we have the whole
venue set up we have it planned out some
people are coming Jays coming and a
couple other people I think Chris and
Shannon are coming and now we're going
to do the rehearsal I posted a picture
like this on Twitter with the rose and I
said something special is happening and
everyone thinks I'm proposing sorry to
trick you out yeah we do need to March
as you'll go yeah look how close we're
having our guests it not only to each
other but to the dogs
what are their vows I want their vows
I think their vows need to be something
like I like the way you smell like I
smell be my wife and she's like yeah did
you guys hear about the spectacles the
snapchat video glasses that came out
today they just randomly appeared in
Venice today and I learned about it way
too late and I'm really upset because I
want some maybe I'll be able to get me
some other way let me know if you guys
got some cuz they look really really
cool overall they are so we just took
the dogs on a walk that is the aftermath
of the wedding today's podcast day and
packing day we leave tomorrow for
Seattle or vloggerfair
feel like there's a dog behind me okay
alright there was feeling a lot better
today my remedy helped almost back to
normal not sick and the only thing left
injury-wise from the car accident is my
shoulder my leg I feel like my labor and
time is still not feeling normal it
hurts when I go above my head and kind
of hurts in my sleep but it's kind of
like besides a little pain in my neck
it's really the last injury that I have
and I'm hoping that I can start to Train
Jitsu again next week because god I've
missed it so much like I don't even feel
like myself but I don't get to train I
just kind of like a stress relief that I
don't have that so I'm very excited to
get back on the mat it's fun I'm trying
to find a location of what are these
BOTS because supposedly they're dropping
these BOTS or these like little machines
kind of ATMs that dispense the
spectacles throughout LA this is like
the place to find out where the
locations are and it's giving me this so
 I really want to get a pair I know
today's going to be tough to do it
because we have to podcast and I have to
get ready to leave but all I can think
about is these glasses I don't know how
many of you own
Tim's or timberlands or boot similar to
them or boots at all but these boots for
me I've had them for got a long time ago
I'd say almost a year ago and I liked
them forever but they never felt
comfortable because I hadn't broken them
in yet they were all still kind of stiff
because I didn't just wear them in I
didn't wear them enough to make them
comfortable and I recently hit the point
where they're broken in and all I want
to do is wear these boots they are so
comfortable now it's it's kind of
obscene how much
I enjoy wearing them when you call your
dog and then walk extra slow just to
annoy you tight tight fam why do you
walk so slow and I call you why do you
do that why are you the way that you are
what I want to do is I want to post this
vlog so you guys have it for the day but
in the comments let me know if there's
something in the podcast that you've
been missing for a long time that you'd
like us to do and don't make it like a
guest or something because if we're
shooting today so I'm actually going to
look at these ideas and potentially do
one of them today so if you like the
podcast and you want to suggest
something let me know these are my
spectacles I'll just pretend I have them
oh my god I want to show you guys
something that I learned about in Austin
it's called miss cow plenty of you
probably know what that is but I didn't
know what that was it's a liqueur made
from the agave plant this is miss cow
and tastes very similar to the Kela but
it also has kind of a different flavor
and you drink it or the way I drank it
was on the rocks with a little lemon and
normally tequila you use lime miss Cal
to me was like so delicious and I was so
kind of blown away that I hadn't ever
heard of it before but as soon as I got
that home I bought so because I was like
miss kale yeah
