hey guys I got sick we went to vote
today so we got that done but last night
I was up pretty late and I think the
lack of sleep caught up with me from the
last five days and I got sick and I hate
getting sick because I feel like as a
lot of people feel you get sick and
really inconvenient times nothing
there's really a convenient time to get
sick yeah a lot to get done and gotta
get well before this weekend so I'm just
on the couch right now because I was
trying to nap but I couldn't Jenna's
napping both didn't really sleep well
last night so I tried to lay down there
let me get up and walk in the other room
I don't really know what the rest of
today is gonna be like in terms of like
a vlog I guess we'll see we woke up and
went to our polling station to vote in
the election and we pull up it's like
11:30 we walk in it's empty no one's
there maybe like five people voting so
we're like fucking tight we're gonna
vote real quick we're in and out of here
cuz I was honestly kind of getting
anxiety about all the lines that people
were talking about like and I didn't
really want to wait in line and
obviously I was going to but I just
wasn't looking forward to it so we saw
that it was empty we were like oh this
is tight like we can just vote and
bounce we walk in the door get our
ballots in her hand now walking towards
the polling stations and the fire alarm
goes off like loudest fucked full-blown
and everyone kind of looks around like
is this is this a drill like because
we're like a local community center or
something people are like this is really
what's going on dude is there a real
fire and there's those people and then
there's like a couple of people like get
out right now like get the fuck out we
have to get out so of course everyone
gets out we were standing on the grass
for like a good 20 minutes maybe waiting
for them to call the fire department the
fire department came checked it out
nothing was wrong and then they let us
back in and so we got to go vote and
then we left and it was all good but it
was just like so odd that like the
literal 15-minute window that we go to
vote is that is the same time that the
fire alarm goes off just feels like
that's kind of the where life's been
going lately it's fine it's probably fun
bunch of people had to like leave the
polling booths wow their ballot was
still in the polling booth because of
the fire alarm and you're not legally
allowed to take your ballot outside the
polling station so they had to like
abandon their ballot and trust that
nothing happened to it but it's probably
fine anyway well there you go guys
there's my story time for the week Chris
and Shannon are gonna stay here tonight
and probably a couple other nights this
week they decide and they're both out
doing a bunch of stuff making the
freshest of content but it's really
hoping I can get my shit together start
feeling better I have a cocktail of
pretentious and vitamins that I take
when I'm sick I can actually show you
guys you might be interest that curious
what your remedies are for when you get
sick I'll show you mine right now check
this out so my remedy starts with a fuck
ton of vitamin C goldenseal tincture
sinus blaster and it's an incredible
texture that helps you heal really fast
when your immune system is down I got
sambucus I got the sinus blaster and
spray Ricola with echinacea cough drops
and cold these cough drops and then last
but not least we have some hand
sanitizer so that is a kind of my remedy
that I rely on it changes from time to
time but uh that's what I'm using right
now and hopefully it's going to help me
knock this out but it's okay in addition
to feeling sick I feel like a little
uneasy about tonight the lecture night
like I'm very kind of like everyone else
in this country and world curious and
kind of nervous about what's going to go
down tonight but life goes on then so
this box of flowers just came here this
is a note from Oxford Road which is the
company that we work with for the
podcast they helped us get sponsors
we're relieved that you guys are okay
from your car accident
thank you it was really really sweet
thing to do these are some dope looking
flowers they're all wrapped up pretty
good
it's a really nice thing to receive in
the mail do you know where you guys are
right now you're in the dish rack with
the dishes how does it feel are you a
clean dish are you a dirty dish I don't
know what is actually wrong with me now
estimates this as likely Republican I
feel like once you're in a serious car
accident like really man you can bump
right into us this is fine morning we
just went to the craft store to get some
things for Jenna's video and in the
parking lot this guy kind of like bumped
us with his car he backed out into our
bumper and I looked at the the scratch
and it was tiny and his car had a tiny
scratch and he was so shaken up the dude
was like a young kid super like oh my
god what'd I do
and I'm like thinking I'm like this is
so nothing this is so nothing and I was
like dude have a good day it's all good
I just feel like it I kinda was able to
pass on some of the gratitude that we've
gained from the car accident while we
were in that's no big deal it is no
fucking big deal it really isn't and
it's not worth having someone have their
day ruined or yelling at someone in it
it was just one of those things so you
seem genuinely upset yeah the kid is
like spooked
it felt bad that's a shitty parking lot
anyway who's a bad partner I blame the
parking lot now we're going to off to
get the rest of the supplies because
we're uh doing something fun today some
goofy shit fuck the next light and happy
just let everybody needs weird night
last night I actually went to bed at
like 9:30 because I was so sick and I
got a full night's sleep and I feel a
lot better
shit we are back we are getting started
on Jenna's video day and I want to get
this vlog up for you guys since uh it's
been late and normally it's not late so
I'll be able to give you more of my
thoughts as time goes on I don't really
ever feel like it's my place to tell you
really anything political but I do want
to let you guys know that as hard as it
might be sometimes that not giving up
hope and continuing to love people and
continuing to spread happiness is it is
a huge thing
life and when things don't go your way
or where you you feel like there's no
point in trying anymore or you're you're
completely devastated whatever it's just
important to remember that you you
always can make a difference and you
always can continue to fight for good I
know a lot of you are probably really
unhappy with last night and I get it but
again I don't really feel like I'm the
guy at a position to to talk about it or
to tell you what's right and what's
wrong just want to give you a few words
that have helped me a lot of times
before anyway I love you guys very much
and I'll see you tomorrow for another
vlog smile
you
