the little camera guy in Super Mario
he doesn't have to he's my new actor you
test you today test you boy even though
you got a nice walk what do I want for
dinner it's funny that you asked that
though quiet on set back to positions
action I have a book of ingredients that
we can look through and cook a recipe
from in fact this is a book we've been
waiting for very excitedly for some time
now this is Lauren Toyota's hot for food
vegan comfort classics we're gonna show
you our quotes we made the back cover
Hey because she sent us an early copy of
this like PDF and we got to review it
and she put we are gonna cook something
from this tonight but I don't know what
it is Oh
french toast coffee hold on this is this
is top secret we got it select the
recipe we want and then we'll show let's
go
this is not for free you gotta buy it
what's a recipe that's gonna blow my
mind but not take more than an hour
thick boy wake up he's not even here oh
boy you were literally Pavlov's dogs I
just said his name and you think he's
there okay
this came with it too
welcome to morning announcements welcome
to morning announcements where I give
you the announcements for the morning
please take off your shoes and put it
back on cuz they absolutely stinks yeah
we got a package from our friend Lauren
Toyota who runs hot for food as you guys
know we've talked about her probably at
least once
I think only once and we're gonna cook
some of her new food from her cookbook I
look disgusting because I just worked
out we just worked out I know you can't
tell from the body but you can tell from
the disgusting I wanted to share some
cool news we are going to be playing in
a tournament a pub G tournament this
Wednesday on our twitch channel a lot of
big names are gonna be competing in it
like a lot of them and the team is me
Jenna luck and prif we're doing squads
and we've been training for a few days
now and we're gonna stream tonight and
practice but this Wednesday we're
streaming that tournament
please stay standing for the morning
announcements
it looks like my sd card is getting full
so I'm gonna free up some space and then
we're gonna cook dinner okay my
apologies the mic was not on for the
morning announcements I just put it on
so if you didn't hear the morning
announcement so will you play at the end
of the day just know that you're in
trouble all right this is the recipe
we're making tonight we just gotta go
get ingredients
the grocery goblin
come on Jenna's still in the car she
won't come in come in come in otter come
inside please
I see you come in let's see you come in
I still see you come inside get inside
all right fine what come in what are you
doing well I can see you get inside what
is this
the dinner we got a measure oh my god I
had one cup of peas into the water last
minute cooking drain with the audience
while the pause 2 cups of basil leaves
garlic half of the Padre and the pasta
combined shove it down your chest the
shirt part of your chest part of your
shirt just shove it down there and then
eat it out the bottom so we're getting a
quarter cup of lemon normally we have to
double recipes but when we cook Lauren's
meals she knows how to feed you think
it's gonna feed us once worth a cup of
lemon juice fourth a cup of extra-virgin
high-grade olive oil the higher you pour
from the extra the more virgin it is a
cup of peas and you put in this pretty
nice close the garlic go in there
grabbing the leaves off of the stems
show a no regard for anyone around us
after all we are cooking basil I mean
we're all cut after all we are cooking
pesto to rip it half a cup of Parma look
this is the type of armor you think it's
actually really good
we tried it for the first time last
night well we usually make our own out
of cashews but if you lazy sometimes you
can just bite your own you can always
take salt off you can never add salt
that's my philosophy
pesto's ready seems to be adding a
little niche kind of look exactly like
that right totally do we nail it
so we nailed it it's time to do the
photo challenge Oh again with we're
gonna pour it up saying whip we're gonna
fork some pasta onion flavor it's just
standing by okay no one's having more
fun right now than Jenna shots out to
Lauren for this book all right well now
that I've gathered you here today for a
new taste test what's your reaction like
the lemon in there is so nice I love
peas if we'd have to go the store 1520
minute recipe yeah also my favorite part
is that there's lemon in it where
there's really no lemon another pastor
recipes we're gonna game tonight and
we'll do a little milk paint end the
vlog off what you're on camera here
we're watching you don't hmm
don't make that move you have to let
that eat
hey hey it's not for you hey it's not
for you get your face out of the ball
peach
I trusted you stop peach you can't have
bolts you can't have a hug and daddy's
dinner all right you're being kind of
mean you're eating in front of her like
this too much guy who doesn't know where
dog wants my dog is so fine he doesn't
even care about food he just lets me eat
right in front of them three hot five
food am i right ladies
see ya come on eat you know I'm gonna
I'm gonna actually like disgusting
person in the dark so no one can sees me
he can't look like that
