what's up guys
sir
we came this
we arrived the pi3 drawbar - ten minutes
it's pretty incredible that I mean
it's fine we just keep saying it's fine
we have like 10 minutes
so motor starts we gotta get to the gate
here at SFO we arrived at a Austin
Bergeron
that's how you say we're in Boston we
made it it's on it's fun
where you were about to land in the mid
to circle for an hour because there was
a thunderstorm it's fine it's fine
what time is it it's fine wait it's fine
huh aerosol watching
you
you like what they've done with the
place it's all
it's all fine if they name this it's
fine it's actually kind of cool thinking
myself back abandoned feels real Egeria
I have wheels so I will so it's my hide
to carry all of our bags of a flight of
stairs at LAX thanks to this guy I can't
believe we made no prize I still can't
believe it how we're not even here we
didn't make it
you're back Clark is open he's too far
away
all right well what are you guys talking
about
you're being kind of loud Jesus he of
all people
what are they doing
I've never heard birds dislike so
violently loud no this is crazy these
birds are so loud right now this feels
like we're in like a rain forest and no
one is batting an eye everyone's like
it's normal it's fine it's fine
the birds are being loud and they're all
dying but it's fine oh my god that
cannot fucking be normal where're we
going we're Adams growers make on
geology your own thing start to be for
everything I did that's why they pervert
she says
okay but on the real doesn't everyone
look weird when they drink are you
person that look weird this is my room
you're wanting to talk I know that where
we sought to go to talk grow because
we're starving
Oh - I really ate these tacos identify
more food it is so good to be in
downtown
we are tolerate around Austin looking
for one specific Mexican restaurant and
a block before we get there we settle
for another but that's it right there
yeah oh no it's not okay okay why this
one why are the birds still here oh
that's a lot of birds they're still here
this is crazy dude a bird in the hand is
worth and your tree in the tree in your
tree one don't talk so loud cuz they
might attack they're right overhead I'm
like legit terrified what are they gonna
do but you can't shake that tree come on
what is wrong with you okay they fucking
hate us now I can't believe you actually
shook it Birds can't kill you but
thinking shit on everything maybe I make
you wanna kill yourself
this is safe
doing this guys should we do this I
think we should join them like I see we
have a delay it's like there's a second
delay for every hour they've been
slamming dears I think that seems fun
though do you want to know where I saw
one of those it was in a TV show called
drew and Nick Lachey's bar
it's called bar Lachey I swear to god
that's the show I swear to God
free time baby I have no idea what so
your top it comes out of the shape bar
dude I didn't watch it
my whole vlog is just tracking behind
you seeing what you're gonna say next ty
hey what's up Julian I like to sing
pretence why are you so far away you're
closer
okay not that close you're you are me
are you me we're on like the location
number two today for the first shooting
this behind-the-scenes and I'm trying to
get the drone working it's having
firmware issues so we're trying to fix
that there it is you're such a fan down
over here yeah but like we're in like
what kind of sort of country Austin and
it's so beautiful they're so open I just
want to fly all over the place like not
with the drum like I just want to get on
pasty desk fuck tight we drank too much
last night
speak for yourself I drank sort of too
much Colin drank way too much and now
we're over working I'm so drunk for the
record you drove us here though it's
fine the beauty of mood chip taco come
on I needed John
well I'm trying to swallow a chip taco
but the tube taco is boring tortilla
with chips in it look how good it is and
it's super clean not messy at all not
dry it off it's great snack oh yeah I
just realized oh no where we're going
what did you turn right it seemed like
the right thing to do
all right so we're actually shooting
this scene right now inside a neon shop
it's called Big Dawg Neal it's so fun
this
some of the shit here we're watching him
actually glass blow to make the neon
sign which is crazy it's super intricate
in this place like I really want to just
get a neon sign the other shooting the
scene right outside where the car pulls
up sells the moonshine for cash because
that's the concept of the video they're
selling moonshine to pay for the band I
think so yeah this is a really cool
stuff that they get to shoot up and then
we're going to go on to at least one
more location maybe more I don't know
but she's going well it's kind of picked
up throughout the day it's been good
though
what are you giving me a mask
come on watch out why do you watch out
where are you going this is in slow just
like yeah
what the fuck Oh give me okay
are you locking it here the literal
words if you are
who is that gonna save that's the alarm
wait that's not gonna learn anyway do
you hear some of this right some of your
life where are we going
we are we literally just parked walked
into the restaurant asked if there was a
drive-through and now we're going back
out to the car to go through the
drive-through just drove into the
drive-thru and ask them if they have a
driver
you see drunky the drive-through and
asked if they had an indoor seating this
is this is great it's it it's not great
it's fine rice give me rice and beans
what kind of race hello yes what can I
get for you the first one yeah anything
else and then can I also get to rise two
sides of rise and one side of beans
refried and one side of refried refried
beans okay thank you thank you love you
100%
they're spitting in resident a
ninety-eight prison they might have met
you
they're like check it out this guy's
hilarious cookies dude no spit of the
spin nice money stop don't even laughs
why is Samsung recalling their Walters
cuz they're exploding meanwhile my I
can't get my fucking photo to explode
for the life of me
they were bowie does it all explode if
you do that is she gonna take the breath
yeah
otherwise she causes the fuck up this
was a good idea it's such a slow line oh
my god we should have just ordered
inside walked all the way inside to get
in line out here there was no way in
line this is how you order we're still
my smash-cut
so when we get the food smash cut
productions I just think I broke my
shoulder saying that sayings you hear
that noise it's fine yeah
dude it
how am I supposed to shoot here bro get
out of here go on
nice it what is he even guys all up in
it
he's gonna fire right in my eye and
sting me goodbye goodbye you understand
okay so BTS BTS BTS to tiara TN super
super meta right now this might look
cool they're lighting my blog I just
hired the lighting group of the vlog
thanks guys
is he fine
the cops are here the cops are going for
should we turn oh you officer
please listen it's fine
can't recipe you're under arrest
Oh
you
