bitch I'm a dick all right I'm just
playing a couple updates I'm running a
couple updates on the Navajo and I just
remove the magic pros bag which is a
fanny pack
Wow look at you go updates are complete
Wow
right now I'm gonna bug you now toast
egg Rafi update complete right uh hey
guys
morning actually no that's on my voice
I'm gonna be your audience today hey
guys good morning good morning how's
your day going can't do two bits at the
same time holy notice me how are you
feeling are you feeling rested after
your accident yes
what are you coming to Ohio what are you
Hillary Clinton around
oh my god I love you guys creamer I'm
gonna pour it on my wrist are you gonna
ceiling with plastic foot cream cheese
I'm curious I already did the pin swatch
on my wrist
well that's the wrong imagine if Kylie
vlog that would be the blog hey guys
look at yourself oh I like right here
pretended as a screen but there's no
screen so pretend there is slower way
slower way slower way slower if you like
mark slower no no like slow what are you
doing
new shade of lip get out now go are you
okay I was in your house once Kylie all
that big software in your little tiny
little body
that in them jeans that hey she lucky
dick though it's actually lucky
hi he mama need to feed her whoa
I leave to Texas in the morning and I'm
not ready we got to do like a whole
bunch of dick shaking video what is that
what where did you just come from didn't
they tell you that I was barbarian uh
yeah so I actually need to in addition
to cleaning the house I need to get all
the gear ready to bring the Texas I
don't have any of it ready I'm just
updating the drone now it's okay it's
okay
ah you guys who have been tweeting at me
have a meet-up in Texas I can't have a
meet-up in Texas kahlan's going to be
having a meet-up in Texas so if you want
to meet Colin
he'll just be standing in the middle of
the street at like 3:00 a.m. and you can
go meet him I don't think there's any
time for that because we're gonna be
working most the time but I will be
around to downtown Austin so feel free
to like look for me if I'm you know if
I'm out there as much as I want to go
and like just meet all you guys and hang
out and chill it's like we kind of have
to do adult day acts the adult things
sips tea he's really cold and gross teas
actually coffee all right so we're
working on Jenna's video but we we don't
have time to like make food really so we
ordered Chappellet but I wanted to show
you how I now make my chicken chipotle
bowls I use the beyond meat chicken
strips so they're like fake grilled
chicken strips and are actually really
good and i season them up like chipotle
chicken and grilled them I'm going to
chop these up and put them in my bowl
when Chipotle comes in just a couple
seconds
alright okay Chipotle is here you want
some chicken bed I'll actually connect
double chicken oh yeah sure you go high
that's how you make a vegan chicken to
volleyball
type oh my god it is stress our one
thousand I am going to get my hair buzz
right here just the sides it should take
like 30 minutes because it's bothering
me to no end I haven't cut it in forever
as soon as I'm back it's video time and
packing time simultaneously I've already
started packing some things and working
on getting everything in order packing
my suitcase upstairs I just put a little
laundry and there's cleaning to get done
so that the dog sitter doesn't have to
do with our shitty mess so I feel like I
was just doing this like entering stress
our for the trip and now I'm doing it
again but it's okay it's all good
because we are happy and healthy and we
are both going on trips for work and
that is a really beautiful thing also
you know it's a people thing is that
 vegan chicken bowl from Chipotle
guys you gotta try that loading up my
dishwasher my god watching why she
watches why do you watch yeah like she
always watches me load up the dishwasher
I'm not sure why she's just a super
curious lady alright take a second or
okay I think it's gonna go in this order
shooting the video packing cleaning
maybe sleeping I leave it like 6 a.m.
someone broke out of her collar peaches
this you did you break out of this did
you break out of this she's like yeah
him that you didn't fit they didn't fit
I will show you actually the gear that
I'm bringing because I know some of you
are interested a little more
specifically this job it's a behind the
scenes shoot for a music video so Colin
and I are going to be covering the
behind the scenes and putting it
together into one complete video and
I'll show you all the gear that we have
for that later when I have it all in one
spot okay so alright I just got back
from this and I accidentally left the
clip in my hair so that's dope but I
turned on Game seven in the World Series
to watch while I clean and you know that
picture Jenna always makes fun of me for
the umpire
Marvin Hudson who signed a picture to me
I'd like to show you something first
base umpire is Chris Guccione
that's it is the crew feel okay
hey Dad he's in the World Series look at
me now Jenna look at me now I was
vlogging this Empire is umpiring the
World Series right now Marvin Hudson get
 alright so I'm getting some
editing done while I watch the World
Series and let me just say this World
Series has been like an awesome series
to watch I'm a Red Sox fan and I
honestly didn't watch all that much
baseball this season but I do know that
the Cubbies need to win because it's
been for-fucking-ever
but it's been nice to watch like a World
Series that's competitive back and forth
just entertaining my lens is being
delivered the one I'm renting you know I
always tell you that for these jobs I'm
renting a long lens I should probably
just buy one so I have to do this it's
always less than ideal if I'm leaving
like town and I'm waiting on a lens also
they need a signature for when it comes
so sometimes like I'm afraid I'm going
to miss it
what are you doing you watching the
World Series
all right the long lens has arrived 70
to 200 f/4 for some this game is just
getting better and better
the Cubs just let up two runs on a wild
pitch and then David Ross who's the
catcher like a true veteran hits a
 solo shot it was amazing
 great series dude alright
quickly I told you I'd show you my gear
so here I have my
Manfrotto tripod the carbon-fiber one
Manfrotto monopod got my slider arrest
is downstairs here in my backpack I got
the Matic Pro and it's controller and I
got the 24 to 70 2.8 lens 16 to 35 at 4
lens 50 millimeter 1.4 lens I got the 70
to 200 at 4 lens on the sony a7s with a
battery pack and I have a small vlogging
lens in here I have air tool for my
lenses then I have this other tool that
you can carry lenses on put it on your
belt and you can have multiple lenses
here i have the sony a6300 another Matic
battery UV filters and SD cards up here
i got flashlights i got two mics because
we're going to be rocking two cameras
I'll be bringing the gorilla pod and
then I have batteries hard drive
computer tape and all my power in this
bag all my charges and everything and
that's kind of about it for my travel
gear for the shoot there you go this
game is out of control
I can't even believe how back-and-forth
it is the Cubs just took the lead in the
10th after having like a 20 minute rain
delay before extra innings started
unreal this game is unreal see what you
think about that comes win
how do you feel well Eliz duh I wanted
the Cubs to win because a hundred years
is long time so the Cubs won
congratulations all Cubs fans and anyone
who's not an Indians fan Congrats
because that's like such a such a huge
it's like history super rough for
Indians fans and I don't blame you but
like Red Sox fans went through this in
Oh for like this coming back from huge
deficits to win a World Series after 86
years hundred years like it's just crazy
I was there no far we ran from the
Suffolk trauma dorbz all the way to
Fenway we walk through those basics I
never it was lit it was so tight fin and
then we almost got tear-gassed yeah
that's right it's hopefully Chicago stay
safe tonight one of the best baseball
games I've ever watched it was like a
roller coaster I just like when Rizzo
was like what do i do what do I do with
all my emotions yo when our bodies are
better you want to join a nice little
rec softball league and just
right I'd be fun how fun would that be
run tree we should find an adult awfully
coed has to be co-ed because i'ma go yo
your your girl you didn't know that Bam
Bam Bam
you're a girl I'm leaving you tricked me
