good morning guys I am in my car I just
drove to like over city and I took the
freeway and I stayed in the right lane
and went like 40 the whole time but it
wasn't like unsafe there was some
traffic yeah I'm still feeling really
like tended to have behind the wheel but
I'm good I feel safe yeah so I'm here
for some meetings I just left this
morning after announcing the pins are
live in the store and you guys sold them
out in like 10 minutes so that's awesome
you guys are awesome I did not expect
that at all we have more coming we're
gonna restock very soon so you guys we
have more but I was like so surprised in
pump that you guys like them that much
all right so the meeting on the 1 is
done we're at maker right now it's
pretty awesome office but we're leaving
now to go somewhere house and I really
have to pee in the bathroom at a service
so that's great meetings are over I
don't know where the eggs it is that's
the engineering office fuck I don't know
where to go but meetings are done
basically I met with some networks not
necessarily about like you know being
with the network or whatever but more of
where are the stairs this literally just
goes right there well it's not even a
deal
no what I was saying is today was more
about finding opportunities for me to
get help directing and creating videos
on a higher budget that I can really do
it's all just kind of preliminary and we
just wanted to meet with people but the
good thing about these meetings is this
is also my house now because I can't
find the exit to get to my car
like so oh my god I think it's over here
I'm just gonna move in here
yeah so you want to come to have a mean
greet of my house it's this parking lot
right here
anyway I'm gonna go home now try to get
a whole bunch of shit done and kiss
Jenna on the face please please no all
right for real don't know how to leave
I'm dead I'm going to die are you
supposed to make stairs go only down
that's not enough stairs work
it's how escalators work okay I think I
found that elevator
excuse me I parked upstairs do I take
the elevator down here he didn't scare
okay like initially I was like semi
jockeying about not being able to get to
my car I'm 1,000% serious right now I am
completely in no-man's land I don't even
know where the fuck I am I just like
tried to find an elevator and then it
said freight elevator only and then it
said exit sorry when I here and now look
where I am I'm like nowhere near where I
was let me go home okay this is an exit
that's where I started and I came
through there and all the way to the
back I have no idea how guys you sold
these out so fast but I did get a bunch
for myself to send to some friends
that's what these are so I gotta send
these out these are all the packages
they are addressed and I put those in
there and take it to the post office
all right so these are the last six that
I have not packaged yet this messy pile
over here is all of the package tends to
send off to my friends I gotta go to the
post office now pay for postage I filled
up my awesome scramble backpack with all
the packages I'm sending out I also we
just want to say fuckin thank you guys
again like I was working for a while on
developing this pin to make it exactly
what I wanted because I wanted it to be
really cool and nice and something you'd
enjoy and any time that creative process
ends and you release something to people
who can see and judge and see if they
like it and you guys liked it so much
like that's so awesome it's like an
overwhelmingly happy feeling thank you
guys for the support I'm going to be
doing a giveaway I just got to decide
what it is so I'll tell you in this vlog
just wait till like later in the like
just the next vlog scene justjust hold
on okay thank you for your patience it
is now a little bit later in the evening
we had some dinner I am tired
today the long day it was a good day
though not that much pain pins went over
great I'm happy today was today was
solid so what I've decided
oh really quick check this out I was
wondering where I should store my pins
since my collections getting kind of
decent and I don't really have a place
to hang a cork border I do but I don't
have it right in front of my desk so I
decided I would use some of this sound
board that I use for recording you know
voiceovers and stuff as pinboard so that
is what I got going on kind of cool
there are today's pins and that's on the
sound board right there so it's kind of
a neat spot for it I decided I'm gonna
give one pin to one of you guys now the
pin is gonna be either a popsicle or a
cloud you don't get to decide I get to
the side it's gonna be one of these two
okay these two awesome pins that you
guys have seen way too much of today
here's how you can win the pin actually
before I tell you how you can win let me
just say if you don't win
don't be upset I'm sure there's gonna be
a fair amount of people trying to win so
the likelihood of you winning isn't high
that said it'd be awesome if you did win
just know that there's gonna be a
restock you will have a chance to buy
them so here's how you win the contest
you have to go onto snapchat and if
you're not following me add Julianne
solo to that backwards but it's okay I
want you to add me on snapchat because
tomorrow or today for you I'm going to
post a snap we're in the snap I tell you
you have to screenshot it I'm going to
later go through the screenshots and
pick one of you as at random to win the
pin and I'm gonna send it to you and
that's that the restock will probably be
happening in a week or two make sure
you're following me all day tomorrow
wait for the snap where I tell you to
screenshot and you can win a pin so I
want to address something that I feel
like you guys have like a problem with
me I like this crooked okay I like it
crooked I like I'm just kidding is that
better did that did that make all of you
guys happy because I've seen way too
many confidence about that like way too
many guys your life I'm just kidding you
have a life I'm gonna edit this vlog now
probably gonna be a short one but it's
okay we give love to the short blogs
just like we give love to the wrong
