good morning guys it is uh Monday
exactly one week after our car accident
and for some insane fucking reason I
woke up today in so much pain my neck
and like upper back of my shoulder area
took like the brunt of my bruises like
that's kind of where I got her
and it's been bearable all week and then
all of a sudden today I woke up and it
was just like I couldn't even move like
such a weird thing an injury like that
so I guess the pain starts with my neck
and it goes down to like the back of my
shoulder I just want to be like doing a
million things because I kind of have to
be doing a million things but I can't
you know I'm going to Austin on Thursday
to go for this job and I'm excited but
I'm also kind of nervous because I can't
really do much and I need to do
to prepare for that trap today's
Halloween more frustrating than anything
to be in pain a whole week after this I
do have some really really cool news I'm
gonna have some coffee and then I will
give you that news fair bit of caffeine
has been administered into my body and I
feel significantly better anyone who's
ever had any injury ever or anything for
that matter sickness whatever you know
that the mornings are always worse so I
was worse this morning than I am right
now feel a little bit better it's been a
few hours that I've been awake I want to
announce something that I've been
working on for a couple months now with
a company called free radicals this is
my collaboration with them free radicals
is a company that makes really really
really high-quality lapel pins and as
you guys know I've really fallen in love
with pins you know in the last six or so
months I've just I've loved having them
and putting them on my stuff and
collecting them it's just kind of been a
real hobby of mine
so when I saw free-radicals pins I was
like that is a cool pin their designs
are cool their quality is cool their
colors are cool so we decided together
that we wanted to make a collaboration
pin you can buy the Julian X free
radical collaboration pin right now this
one is called Nimbus because it's a
cloud and it is a very similar to my
tattoo I love this design and this is
called popsicle because of my hair I'm a
popsicle so these are the two pins
they're awesome and I can't say enough
good things about free radicals Cammie
from free radicals who designs
everything makes everything happen she's
been awesome to work with the products
just speaks for itself so I'm really
proud of these pins and I've been
waiting to tell you guys about them for
a really long time they're available
right now the link is in the description
hopefully you guys enjoy them let me
know what you think you know I wanted to
make a pin for a number of reasons I
love them and I think that they're
really fun thing to collect thanks for
listening to my sales pitch you guys
have asked for my merch and this is I
guess my first step towards doing more
merch I actually have all these packages
because I'm sending some pins out to a
couple friends of mine cuz I'm so
excited about them we are gonna go to
the camera store now let me pick you up
oh you're going to go to the camera
store now because I need to get a mic
and a couple other
camera accessories for my shoot in
Austin this week just to make everything
run easier I think we're gonna be using
two cameras when you use the a 7s and a
6300 but I'm going to bring a bunch of
lenses try to feel at least semi normal
and then we're going to hand out candy
tonight because we couldn't really
figure out costumes this year as you
guys have seen but we love handing out
candy we've done it a couple years in a
row at this place and there's a lot of
kids in this neighborhood and it's a
really good time so we'll do that
tonight
track your call all right we went to
three different camera stores today
Heidi do you have any candy bags like
big bags of candy leftover still or no
okay cool thank you so much what you
okay alright bye
yeah so we went to three different
camera stores to get this and this these
are two things I already have but I need
more of for this shoot coming up and now
we're going to stop and get candy to
hand out tonight are you excited to hand
out candy in that bin actually yeah it's
fun it's actually kind of nice my otters
with me she's walking today she's
feeling a lot better really happy about
that
all right now we're going to see the sei
candy to give out for free tonight
it's not how life works kids you don't
just get free pen it's not whole vegan
it's not vegan we're not going to eat
probably most of this I'll get some sour
patch for myself but the rest we don't
get to touch you just get to give away
for free because that's that's what
today is about why we do that free candy
I put in my place we're definitely not
the only people inside of this on holing
okay put it on put it on top here making
a pile good idea
trust happy birth so call I guess
everywhere else
they're like outer candies every one
time are you guys sold out candy
everywhere sold out in a bed she was
like let me just call said yes and see
if Vanessa you guys heads oh you wanna
talk to you yeah all right Jenna fat me
she was like I bet you they're gonna be
out of candy so I called and not only
did they have candy I still won the bet
I still said that they would have candy
in their candy the one place we bet on
one store we arrived at the store the
store head candy I win the bet
simple as that enjoy please hold this
out
yo that kid is still there Bubba you
girls know he's he's you look so cute
he's Wonder Woman men or whatever man
gender he identifies that ha ha but you
prefer to prefer brother he's wonderful
man
he's wonder where my bones go when they
were mine both wonder what weird he's
the only one that like doesn't mind
wearing clothes ok what's the matter bud
what's wrong underwear
come here come on oh you thought about
it let me down oh come to Daddy now
mommy why don't you get Kermit a
Halloween cuff or to redress karma dad's
peachy you want to be a incestuous Lois
this man who makes out with her brothers
oh how are you all funny
hello Kermit me buddy you guys want to
go
are you gonna give her another one she
doesn't fit bTW I'm sorry guys anything
run around like that
peachy all right a man-shark happy
Halloween
look she's bursting out of this and
Wonder Woman is just over here oh shit
oh fuck you all right so we had to come
to the peel box for one more thing
you're at the peel box right now this is
also going to be launched with the pins
it is a popsicle patch do you like it
and this was sitting in the VL box it
comes with my own packaging and
everything I just renewed for another
year by the way okay yeah patches sick
as fuck
you guys like patches family I will
someone on your jacket
personally for every single one who buys
it but I will fly to you so rock your
jacket fast efficient you want these
bass you can have fog with me vlog vlog
with me oh my body hurts and I don't
like being in a car but you know it
hurts to sit in a seatbelt like right
here cuz that's exactly where it hurts
you know what I'm saying
let's do this whoa oh my light what is
that what is that what is that
oh oh and I'm pregnant
where is your head where in the world is
that lady's head hey I'm glad you like
them
to put them on the floor why do you know
how to focus a camera I do just not
yours cuz I don't Sony I can't you
Canton oh shut up dog you take it back
oh shut up fucker yo ass up I'm I've
been buckled oh so spooky in here ah so
it's pretty spooky in the house the dogs
are freaking out everything's normal
we just streamed we played some don't
starve which was absolutely a blast that
game is awesome it's a pretty salt
loading curve but it's a fun game whoa
so spooky yeah so we might have a few
people coming over we're gonna hand out
some candy and hang out with the kids
and see all the costumes which should be
a fun time
all right so we're sitting out here
Jenna's in her lady she just made a kid
crying is that well I think she like
rocked up and then she all of a sudden I
think saw me out of the corner of her
eye and just got like super scared she
was like shit me she literally sent her
mom get me out of there this is what I'm
wearing the most half-assed Halloween
costume ever but I have my lightsaber
and I already gotten one battle with
kylo Ren Darth Vader did not want about
me I think he was just like this peasant
but this is fun we're good and Bret's
coming over we're gonna we're going to
hand out some candy and make some more
kids cry happy Halloween
and that idea
