specific to London the flower thing okay
but yeah sure the flowers that are
outside of pubs are very important and
if you have a nice set of flowers
outside of your pub that's that's a
highly respected club and there's
actually contests for like flowers at
the boxers contests specifically for the
flowers which is really cool so now that
I know that I'm like seeing flowers
everywhere I'm like oh that's a pump but
I had no idea I was even a thing before
we've been here for not even like an
hour and I'm already just so excited
because that energy of London is just
amazing I just want to do everything and
go everywhere I'm just looking around I
love this place re I knew I would love
it I really do I'm going to lazy since
it's like point two miles away
is it look at this stuff all right a
quick little haul of what we got today
some stuff from lazy oh so cool we're
back in the hotel for chopping it was a
good solid day shopping as we check out
all right so the meet-and-greet is over
I just wanted to walk around the space
they're really good because this YouTube
space is bitching these are like chairs
that look like they're on a train or a
plane or something taking our little
tour right now there's like a cafeteria
over there this is the front desk this
is an amazing giant YouTube screen
getting your car and gonna go get some
dinner but these are really cool I like
this a lot
we're gonna go get pizza
basilica's or something silly OHS I
don't know
ah we're gonna get pizza pizza
is it fun I have been on a swing at all
I'm like I don't know 10 years through a
bar called sketch in London really
excited supposedly it looks really cool
it's got eggs in the bathroom
this is this is worth coming to this bar
just as bad I got a no idea where I am
right now these eggs are the bathroom
what kid I'll get out of the men's
bathroom oh the bathrooms up there all
right this would be one of the best old
passions I've ever
last meal in London excited but I'm also
sad that we're leaving because I really
really enjoyed London
