is not easy to hold huh good morning
guys
I just woke up to having to sign for
this edible arrangement from my sister
Roxanne we caught we called her ox when
we were kids so that's what she rocks
but um I love you Roxanne thank you for
this is beautiful and gonna be delicious
probably because it looks really fresh
and I've actually never even eaten
edible arrangements so that's tight and
the flowers were sent by Cammie from a
company that I'm making my pin collab
with thank you guys so much for all the
support in us healing and getting better
we're doing a lot better this is day
three accident happened two full days
ago no in his Wednesday we got hurt on
Monday but we are healing surprised that
how less the pain is today
that was a good sentence I thought I was
gonna be a little more sore today my
trajectory of getting healthy has kind
of just gone up it didn't you know I
didn't get like more sore the next day I
was I was doing okay so and Jenna is
doing okay as well I would say her knees
the worst thing to come out of this so
we're gonna probably get that checked
out make sure it's okay just a little
update I'll try to give you a couple
updates today but it's gonna be us
gimping around the house and telling you
how much everything hurts it's all good
though because we're alive seeing her
update video
all right good morning is a Thursday now
just woke up my body's feeling like
weirdly better but also kind of more
sore
I think Jenna's of her body's feeling
similar so like the worst in the morning
and at night but I'm still sleeping
through the night which is good
Jenna's knee is still bruised up pretty
bad
I think what we're gonna do is we're
gonna count her to a specialist as soon
as we can and we just needed a few days
I think she'll but she needs to get that
look time making some coffee but I think
today is easily the best day that I feel
yesterday was better than the second day
Tuesday was better than Monday and
Monday it was the worst but yeah I'm
feeling better and better and we're
doing good you know we're doing good
this recovery is going nicely I think
I need some coffee
never forget does it now say that vine
is going away for good is a honestly
like no joke at all a very sad day vine
is one of my favorite platforms that's
ever existed because some of the
funniest people I watch our front line
made so many friends through vine and
it's over now and it's it's just weird
to take the end of an arrow you know got
it represent oh I will live on forever
I'm gonna miss watching vines I really
am and some of the most intense laughs
sessions I've ever had like with Jenna
and Brett just watching vines me anyway
I'm currently making a snack right now
and the snack is something that Jimmy
and Madeline told me to make because
they said it's good
basically just pan fried garbanzo beans
with sesame oil salt and pepper I'm just
getting a little like frustrated because
I can't like still yeah I'm like you
know like when or like when you're sick
or when you hurt and can't do it yeah
you hit that point where you're like
start to get a little upset that it's
like frustrating yeah yeah yeah I mean
we've definitely hit that point where
it's like okay like enough just being
useless can really like go back to
normal yet but we can't especially Jenna
I mean I got roughed up at her knee is
significantly injured so she can't
really walk that well and can't walk the
dogs well I took him out cuz we hadn't
done shit for them in two days we were
just couch ridden you look in mommy's
foot this wee lady he's a boy oh my
chest feels a lot better
two days ago I couldn't sit up if I was
laying on my back now I can it's a slow
recovery but we're doing okay
try to take care of my little gimpy ah'd
now until she can walk right little baby
GIMP I know Mom world life and we got
out of that thing pretty scot-free rapid
we're sad about vine - it's a weird day
so really a really weird thing that all
that time we've invested in watching and
all those people who we've like
absolutely fallen in love with from
behind it's like something
comes with curse and chin and J and fits
and just like so many people that we've
met I mean yeah happy for the first time
I'm buying like just we've we've been
lucky we've met a lot of really awesome
buying people and made friends with them
we're going to miss that platform and
we're gonna miss watching Jenna's
favorites like her legs on vine because
it was always such a fun time our city
there's giggling before you started this
tradition I know it's the best it's a
weird thing man it's a weird thing
well there's an update on us guys we're
alive and well and we're getting there
slowly getting keys give me a cue all
that that will your cheese going on
hopefully we don't feel as weird
tomorrow can we just like be normal
again please can we be normal again
