what is a vlog well I guess that depends
on who you're asking for instance if you
asked me I tell you
well ensure it's my job but I'm going to
tell the story using someone else so
meet Jay a vlog is a day sans the
interruptions and the boring parts and
whatever else you cut out a vlog is you
trusting the world with your choices now
a lot of it is amazing it's sharing your
journey with a whole bunch of people and
that's awesome but it is relentless
constant inter debate of should i vlog
this or not the list of pros and cons of
a vlog is long but it boils down to this
a vlog is great a vlog is terrified the
vlog asks you questions you never know
the answer a vlog is your dog a vlog is
a cloud a vlog is as old as
entertainment itself except with a
twisted twist twisting your own business
into the subject tying our complicated
knot that nobody knows how to work on
a vlog is deafening silence it's awkward
now an awesome later its blog according
to your comment a time-lapse of your
right to great thing that would lead to
I have no fucking clue but it's worth
finding out
vlog a blog in which postings are
primarily in video form there that is a
vlog
