all right the cockatoo is ready to get
dressed up we have had a nice kind of
relaxing morning
and we went and got lunch we walked
about Toronto a bit you know it's kind
of cold we just got back to the hotel
and I just learned about a dinner that I
have to be at so I am gonna get my tux
on and go down to that dinner after the
dinner is the red carpet which is
basically the opening night for buffer
fest it's the red carpet and then the
gala the buffer fest award show and gala
so that's tonight you will come with me
the red carpet some of you guys are
going to come to the red carpet which
I'm excited for even though they just
tailored a perfect tux for me I still
like kind of don't know how some parts
of it work
I've already you look so nice
give us a twirl why are you James Bond
who is that who's there oh I'm going to
be vlogging James Bond
tell us your suspenders Wow
dad is pretty I was like great when
you destroyed those eyes so I just
weren't sure I just steal the boat I
will make sure everything else is still
above the boat i suspenders the pants
and the shoes and the mustache like you
look like Greg without your daggit
tartar teck teck teck teck teck excited
yeah I'm very excited my god did my hair
thank you so much try blue don't have
any gel or hairspray leaves putty yeah
I'm super ghetto with my hair supplies I
don't even have a comb
you dad yeah he's like so happy for you
you have no idea
I know and I was like my dad's like
you're wearing that expensive dress I
was like I gotta help all right I'm at
the red carpet right now I just walked
like the whole thing there's a lot of
dink BAM and I think I'm done there was
a couple interviews and now I'm going
inside to
or gala I don't even know how to say
that we're so fancy all right the red
carpet is finished are you saying hi to
me okay
is there another Julian behind me say hi
where are you leaving already are you
bored red carpet went well there's a lot
of think am representing I love you guys
so much thank you for everything we're
going to go be fancy and gala it up
I just sat down at the gala which I
guess is like this I have no ideas
expect so I guess this is cool there's a
big screen I'm sure we'll be watching
some stuff and
this night is still crazy
love you you look really pretty thank
you for being
yeah yeah thank you
did anybody feel suspicious or the fact
that in our schedule we have been
calling this an award show for a couple
months the amazing thing about this
movie about velour memory is two things
one is it shows all the fandom and
everybody who loves what you do who
understands what you do but may not 100%
see it what does it take to be a vlogger
but does it mean to be a lawyer because
it mean to be a youtuber to tell these
stories ensure to my job but I'm going
to tell the story using someone else I
think that we're going to really turn it
down in fact can we turn out the lights
alright so the gallery is over it's
finished and I'm
saw that little clip but in my fir film
made it into the gala which is cool it's
pretty awesome
I was surrounded by it like incredible
video it was like two hours of non-stop
awesome awesome video so it feels pretty
cool
so we're gonna go eat some food we're
 hungry as so you're off to
dinner right now I think we're gonna get
poutine because we found vegan protein
by school just being in that room and
watching I was like I'm so inspired
talent that they curated and everyone
here is like I feel very inspired
motivated like I'm kind of just I can't
believe my film was featured it's like
it's a little crazy to me so I want to
say a huge thanks to Corey and the
entire buffer team Nicholas everyone
I just can't wait to make more it's
like a really really big night for me to
feel it's higher than this I don't know
I can't explain it
alright stuff my face once I
can breathe
we're going out for some drinks and food
and to celebrate honestly and leave the
camera here so I'll see you guys in the
morning but I wanna say thanks again
everyone who supports me and um gradual
Linda Julie thank you well probably yeah
feels good love you guys see ya
all right I'm up bright and early I've
not yet even caffeinated and I'm going
right to Starbucks my panel starts in
about two hours
but we have to be there early so I
brought Natick drunk because I figured
now might be a good time to live in
Toronto all right got myself some green
tea they fill in the green tea here in
Canada so I just tried to put the drone
up just behind me which is kind of near
the hotel and the event actually and
it's a no-fly zone I tried to put up
yesterday a Packard couple miles to and
it was no-fly zone and I just learned
that is because there's an airport
nearby so walking to the next street
there's actually two streets over where
it's just outside the no-fly zone and I
should be able to get it up there and
see what I can see the only thing that
I'm a little bummed about is I wanted to
fly up the CN Tower that would have been
really great but feel like if I get to
have these awesome drones and get to
play with them when I when I go places
you got to respect the law it would be a
sick shot though imagine that just like
climbing up next to this hand tower I
feel like if you've seen someone do that
that means that they flew in a no-fly
zone which actually don't know how
technically that's possible because this
Rona I have thematic it goes into Auto
landing when you're in a no-fly zone
basically just like keeping you safe if
you
wanted to push it
what did it
thank you so much very sweet but now
were you guys from and I'm from Oakville
I was just finished the panel and we're
outside meeting friends Debbie's here
signing autographs so get the Debbie I
was wrapping missed out big time
hey we came to a restaurant called the
Frog town vegan we found it it's a cross
town but we made the trip we got Rome
and the Debbie Machine with us we're
going to eat some delicious southern
comfort great
like Mackel arm
this smells arm wrong we just we just
met a greyhound
his name was Lemmy he was so sweet and
he tried to eat the microphone try to
eat this and now I want a greyhound it's
the second greyhound we've seen in
Toronto and I all of a sudden really
want a greyhound we are just walking
we're having a nice little walk me in
the machine and we're walking to Queen
Street to do a little shopping
well shop and shop it's right down there
we see it I'm excited now all right is
the last day of buffer it's Sunday and
we're up we round about we're going to
get some Chipotle we've done in a fancy
Toronto dining for one trip am i right
machine totally we kind of ate really
well this trip and we needed to eat sort
of fast today because we only have like
just about two hours to get ready before
the last event it's the daily vlogger
screening then the red carpet then the
short film screening then we go what I'm
really excited to absolutely right now I
wonder if it's going to taste the same
as American Chipotle
all right we are on our way in about
three four minutes to the daily vlogger
screening which I guess I haven't really
told you much about it a shot of vlog in
London in addition to the blog's I shot
I was there it was kind of a different
vlog I wanted to make it a little I
don't know a little different than the
average vlog of mine and so that will be
premiering at the daily vlog screening
and I believe we'll be on stage
answering questions and stuff and then I
believe there's a red carpet and then
the short film screening for what is a
vlog which premiered Friday unexpectedly
but also technically premieres tonight
should be like probably three showers
and then we're all done and we had some
unbelievable pizza last night that I
didn't tell you about so we might go get
that again because it was fantastic but
uh this is my outfit got this Jackie
yesterday because I was cold really
liked it though
so
okay this is a blogger panel above event
2016 thank you for coming
flutter girls and clubs are very
important and if you're nice set of
flowers outside your club it's a high
your second photo actually
four flowers at the buckler's not that
specific record cloud which is really
cool it's not I know that I'm like
seeing flowers and I had no idea I was
before
Hey thank you guys so that was uh
clearly when we were in London a month
and a half ago my girlfriend Jenna took
me to someone in the city with her which
was a reason rate event but we did have
some time off to explore and I could
never been eleven and uh I wanted to
make the video a good representation of
someone exploring on a for the first
time like I was trying to portray advice
that any what I was doing but it's
easily had to help to the thank you guys
and the last thing I want to say very
quickly is looking at the bottom
possible Twitter and knowing these guys
and having seen youtubers come here for
the past four years you see people that
better start YouTube urgency people that
are hardcore fans screaming oh my god it
SN love you so much in this chameleon
you know you tweeting it's just chaos on
our feed and it's usually a certain
amount of fandom that and
a decent amount of respect at you we saw
something we've never seen four couple
in four years your fans are
is the best thing in the world quick
everyone is my family who watches the
videos that are happening here they're
happy to come here and support the work
crowd is like it's a cool thing to call
people who wash yourself so you're
absolutely right I just got back to the
room after Sunday night the daily
vlogger screening and the short film
screening in the red carpets it's all
over
buffer fest is over um I can't really
explain how I feel right now all I know
is I'm so grateful for every single one
of you who came out to support me every
single one of you who shows your love on
my vlogs on anything I am so grateful
for Jenna and Roma and Debbie my family
for being here supporting me in a way
that I've literally never felt because
I've never been to this part of my life
before this event and this weekend
changed my life and I'm going to
absolutely be on a completely different
trajectory because of this weekend it
was amazing Thank You buffer fest Thank
You Cory for believing in me in my work
I just feel so full of love right now so
full of love so I want to say thank you
guys for watching this vlog in any vlog
ever you mean the world to me if you're
curious the films I premiere this
weekend are now on my channel and you
can watch them I'll see you guys
tomorrow for another vlog
you
