I love you all right so we got in a car
accident as you can tell we're kind of
in some pain but we are okay but we
still live in though we were in a cab on
the way home from LAX after our long
trip to Toronto and the cab was a small
it was a Prius and we were in the
backseat and we were going I would say
70 70 miles an hour in the carpool lane
it was pretty open there was no traffic
like 12:00 p.m. like noon yeah and then
all of a sudden we just you know feel
this giant bang and crash and it felt
like it lasted for 20 minutes but it was
it was a we made contact with another
car going full-speed not head-on
obviously there's a median but we
rattled back and forth between the
median in the car when we got roughed up
but we both had our seatbelts on and
we're pretty positive that saved our
lives the seatbelts oddly enough because
you're going to 70 miles an hour fucked
us up pretty good so we hope I get
fucked up bed seatbelt thousand times
out of a thousand but that's why we're
injured is the seatbelts and Jenna hit
her knee on a little wall you can show
the bruise yep you sort of see it oh
good oh my god this is such a struggle
video oh my god
there's contusions I didn't break any
ribs they gave us x-rays we didn't break
any ribs but it feels like it heals like
hell dude
so we are okay
that's that's the important thing we are
okay bless you good weird sneeze yeah it
was one of those things where it's
incredibly emotional it's terrifying
it's the worst but then you walk away
from it and you're like really grateful
it's pretty fucking amazing that I'm
alive right now terrifying experience um
happy to be here like talking to you
about it I found a new booze
yeah Jenna's got a bruise you just
figured out that I also have this this
other one on my side isn't it bad he's
got his like from the seat belt like
this I have like a little right there I
was like my hair squished not as much
bruising but yeah yeah this is a seat
belt was it there it's right there yeah
my ass likes kneeling back as soon as we
were able to like get her wits about
ourselves I just I literally had my
phone on my lap because I was on it and
I just pressed record like on my phone
and I just didn't even aim it anywhere I
just kind of held it where I was
standing at all times so I guess you can
sort of see some of what the carnage
looked like from the crash and I'll
include that in this vlog at the end the
main thing is is like we were wearing
our seat belts of course we were not
expecting this and we got in a terrible
crash but we were okay and within a week
or two we'll be back to normal we're
going to rest and heal our bodies but
where we're thanking God we're thanking
any anything and everything that kept us
alive today it's just it's life is life
is incredibly precious and always wear
your seatbelt always wear your seatbelt
guys you're in taxi even if you're in an
ice cream cone costume on Halloween it's
weird I'm the first to admit that I will
sometimes just not wear on short rides
and whatnot and cabs and I will never
make that mistake again ever because
after today when that seatbelt like
literally saved us from going through
the windshield I want to think
what happened and there's fatalities on
the 405 like every single day every day
for those of you live in LA this was
about 1:30 p.m. on Monday the 24th on
the 405 near Howard Hughes northbound so
if you saw a taxi in an accident a lot
of people were driving by that you might
have seen it that was us the doctor that
gave me the CT scan said he saw it he
was like were you in that accident 405 I
was like yeah it's like I drove right
past it it looks terrible
yeah thank you for understanding I love
you so much I love you so much and now
we're just gonna GIMP around and take
care of each other yeah cuz it really
hurts but we're okay I want to thank you
guys for all the support you've shown me
even when we told you on Twitter what
happened you guys have been great at
home but I just wanted to get on here
and like let you know what happened so I
didn't just not tell you wherever I love
you I love you so much too like I love
you so much too soon that was just one
of the scariest parts the scariest but
recorder no forget the potato serious
like because we both like you couldn't
breathe for a couple minutes it was five
minutes I almost lost consciousness and
I'm like looking over at Julian like
after you had this initial moment of
like what just happened and I do I have
like as my body still intact like I
might still okay and I look over at
Julian is Julian so okay yeah that's
like one of the scariest moments when
you were just trying to figure out if
the other person yeah but then when you
find out that they are it's just like
okay everything is going to be okay but
yeah that moment of like we can't even
really breathe but we're trying to talk
we're like wheezing were like are you
okay any like you chest hurts and you
can't talk so finding out if you were
okay and finding out that you were okay
yeah it was really a relief and thank
you to the person that was driving
behind us that did not never got your
name
right she didn't rear-end us she stopped
her car with a nose job call the
ambulance and then asked if we needed
paramedics we said yes and I was like
losing consciousness and I had like
fished in my backpack for some water my
head between my legs so I could try and
stay conscious and I was like do you
have any
water and she brought me like you know a
quarter but it was drank already and I
just appreciate that so much because she
did everybody gonna stay awake you know
but fuck I love you mmm I love you dink
them moving from sorry that life happens
sometimes life happens life happens in
weird ways but life continues to happen
for us because we're really lucky and
today shows that so I really appreciate
you all um we're gonna be doing not
stuff we're gonna be doing our stuff you
got a big w this weekend at buffer and
then we took a big owl on the way home
yeah but we just ate we can mac and
cheese yeah it's not all bad now we eat
our favorite foods in recovery we're
gonna watch Westworld while we just lay
around cuz it's hard to like find a
position that doesn't hurt in a peep up
hit the C felt like squeeze my my does
you like apologize to the paramedic for
it you know he's like we'll come over
here and sit and I was like um well I
actually like a peed my pants so I'm
really sorry but it like I didn't
realize it until you know a couple
minutes after like when we were getting
out of the car and yeah I think I peed
my pants but it was because the seatbelt
like contracted on my body so hard that
it wasn't like I was peeing out fear
like I didn't feel it dude I mean yeah
like it didn't the seatbelts just
crushed off it yeah it's like it's kept
us safe but it you're trying to rush to
us in the process I mean seventy miles
per hour of force as a seat belt on you
is just unreal I'll include some of the
footage so you can kind of see I mean
it's not I'm not meant to I'm not trying
to make this any sort of draw I
literally just want you to see what it
looked like cuz I had it right but also
in the moment it's like you don't know
if you need that for yours
that was your insurance the insurance
was the first reason I like I'm filming
a car a cab like what do we do
no no like it's not our car like we
weren't driving like it's just
terrifying
so no what are you supposed to do not I
mean that's why I did it but anyway you
know I'll just just walk there's pee in
my pants the message here is please wear
your seatbelts all the time especially
in taxi cabs or just all the time like
you never know like and we're just so
lucky that we had our people like a lot
of people are good about wearing their
seat belts in their own car like a
friend's car but I think a lot of people
have the taxi have nowhere they don't
even yeah I'm guilty of that too you
know but like we luckily had on today
yeah well anyways the buffer vlog was
supposed to go up today that I'll go up
tomorrow and along with that we'll go up
my short film and vlog from buffer fest
so oh we love you guys thank you for
everything and caring about us we'll be
okay
we good we go we don't do it all right
thank you so much thank you thank you
thank you
we worry
I asked my partner real quick
make you guys
have you seen
