I guess spending enough time around you
doing this shit it just kind of like
seeped into my personality you want
fucking festive alright I got festive
for you I was browsing the internet the
other day
I actually don't even I don't think I
saw this on Twitter or something
whatever I fucking found it somewhere
they're called beer damn it's okay
they're ornaments but your beard
legitimately I kind of was like
interested right away this is by far the
most committed I've ever been to any
facial hair whatsoever I've had this
beard for an entire season I had it all
fall literally started in like October
and it is almost the end of the year and
I don't really know how I feel I mean I
like it some days and then other days I
just really really hate it
this is itchy if you don't worry shirt
under it which I am NOT it's not sexy
it's ishi i order these as soon as I
found it so I was like you know what
fuck it let's wow we still have this
beard which I don't know how long it's
gonna last
I'm a very impulsive person considering
this season I'd like to plop my chair in
front of the Christmas tree and decorate
my beard with beer DeMint's in the name
of festivities I guess we'll just they
come in silver gold and Grenn over gold
and Grenn it has like a clip attached to
it that's how it gets on your beard so
you clip it to your beard hair and it's
just there so again though like this
guy's beard it's partially cut off but
he's got a ridiculous beard it's like
all the way down to his fucking his nips
all right here let's go is it gonna stay
it's sort of staying alright let's let's
try to get it in there dick with two CS
okay alright that looks like an earring
for Christmas I pierced my ear feels we
were just like pulling the hair out of
my face
Julien you wanna hang out
nah I got some plans fam but thanks
that's that's my beard at its thickest
I'm gonna have no problem doing it down
there that's what she said the tornado
tree you look at it once it moves you
away to me this says I gotta stop by the
dentist real quick but I'll definitely
meet you at Pilates afterwards 9-1-1 yes
hello like they look like little probes
it's sticking out of my face they look
like an alien got inside me and just
started sticking out through my pores
happy Halloween you will not be doing
that
it's way fucking easy this took me 5-10
minutes to put in my beard I thought
like I thought it was anyway more
complex
shit what you doing down there hey do
not mock the art I kind of wish that
they would light up now I kind of wish
that they were like Christmas lights
should I choke myself with Christmas
lights while I think if I'm sure what
what is it I just feel like this is a
really nice casual look you know what I
just I felt like I needed to make this
into a video and it turned out really
easy and now I'm just gonna stay like
this
I can tell me when to look
oh we lost one with the speed test my
review of the beer diamonds is a 12 out
of 10 stars because there's 12 bearded
mints in the box but if you have pink
like $11 to spare and you want to look a
little festive and you're proud of your
facial hair get them would I would I
roll up to a Christmas party like this
like is that acceptable no it actually
feels kind of cool when I move around
take a vine
you see what you think of my face you
wanna you want going to means are you my
holiday villa elf I actually would
appreciate you roasting me in the
comments so if you feel like roast me in
the comments you know just what kind of
let loose
haha and I do like the candles can you
get the door for me I'll light them here
come on baby safe okay how about we get
a tray put the tray on top of my lap I
will hold 10 candles individually
where's that ad come here I wanted to
show you something I mean could me dog
what if he was like and then he jumped
out of his cage and ran over to me he
knows his name my son knows his name
don't tell me about my son does he know
10 minutes into Christmas and chill and
he gives you this look looks like you
just got shot in the neck by something
decorating for Christmas just got a lot
more
did you just drop it she like doesn't
even care does that make you feel
don't talk to me or my son ever again Oh
looking at it's his mom yeah he's like
who's this weird lady was getting in the
flow of my beer two men right now daddy
stop it not doing anything we kind of
look good like next to each other these
are actually like if you had a big dog
look like a lot of hurt it'd be great
for a dog I'm feeling pretty left out
because the my fucking gender and I
can't have a beard but like the pretty
great dogs you can put them on your
eyebrows and go like that oh oh shit of
you're gonna walk maybe wanna go you
wanna go see Santa I want him to meet
Sam who kills that by the way I was
thinking you yeah I was thinking the
idea about Santa Santa is like Loki the
meet and greet King Yeah right
every year thousands and thousands and
millions of people he just sits there
and me and greets and he ain't even at
playlist let me know you let me know how
much you hated it ball I'm sure I try to
whip them all gonna oh my god I'm dizzy
did any fall off I was literally doing
that as hard as I could it's impressive
those things are on there forever
tough shit I like dying in death what
