permits crying so welcome to the vlog we
are making lunch we're making bagels and
cream cheese for lunch because we're on
a kick lately it's a health kick it's
called the bagels and cream cheese diet
and even though it's vegan it's terrible
for you but I don't care I wanted to
show you though because this if you're
vegan and potentially gluten free this
is the best car you look jump food we
give up this is the best combo of bagel
cream cheese you can have gluten free
pizza me you get this bagel sweet note
bagels they make amazing tasting and
consistency bagels and this is an
important part right here tight
hilltribe cream cheese hands down it
doesn't even taste v tastes like it's
real cream cheese it's unreal so we're
gonna make that right now and just eat
it with our face holes you know we're
having lunch and then we're shooting
Jenna's video then we're packing because
today's the last day and a light pour go
to Toronto the prep has officially
started we leave in I don't know like 15
hours or something alright here is mine
right there and that is Jenna's okay
let's eat so I have set up Jenna's video
we are gonna be prank calling calling in
sick to places we don't work number two
and this is me sitting right there so
the setup is pretty much done so that's
all ready to go now's the part like
before the trips were I kind of just
procrastinate packing rubble will you
help me pack I think people were upset
that you weren't in the last vlog what
you have to say about that
me too it's not gonna be 98 degrees in
Toronto it's gonna be a lot colder but
apparently won't be snowing I don't
think try to pack accordingly for that
all right I'm gonna make a mini version
of a video I wanted to make when I had
more time I'll probably do this again
like next week when I'm back in town but
I wanted to try this out
so my boosted board you guys know my
booster bar the electric skateboard I
ride rides at 22 miles an hour peaks at
22 and then it kind of settles at 20 and
that's fast it's a great speed it's
faster than I need to go and I enjoy it
but I recently came across with the help
of Matt from a text bar
these wheels which are basically a
boosted board speed hack supposedly
these wheels that are made specifically
for the loser board
make the boosted board go three miles
per hour faster so it should in theory
move it from peaking at 22 miles an hour
to peaking at 25 miles an hour and I
wanted to try that out in order to do
that I'm gonna ride the board right now
on its original wheels show you how fast
it's going with a little app on my phone
and then switch these wheels in and see
if it works
so let's give it a shot
this is a little hard to do holding the
phone controller and camera but I'm
gonna figure it out
20 I guess that's the thing it peaks at
22 and then drops down to 20 so it's
cruising at 20 right now I'm maxing it
out I tried it twice let's try it one
more time
all right so 19 and 20 let's go put
these new wheels on and test it out I
honestly think it's gonna work I mean
the guy who made him claims that it
should it should make the board three
miles per hour faster so let's see if
his boosted board speed hack is actually
a speed ID I hope it is and they looked
up because their yellow wheels
all right
the wheels are switched on took a little
longer than I expected because changing
boosted words wheels are tough
especially when you have to change the
belt and stuff so full disclosure I did
change the belt there are new belts that
shouldn't affect the speed though that
should just affect how well it breaks
and accelerates so now it's time to test
it out do these wheels make the booster
board fast or do they not
oh my god it works I can't believe that
it works it was going 20 and now it's
going 23
okay I can feel the difference this
thing feels faster significantly faster
which is the craziest thing to me
because it's literally just wheels I
switched out the wheels what the 23
miles an hour is significantly faster
than 20 that's crazy
kind of looks nice too with the blue in
the yellow so my boosted board has been
upgraded it can go faster than a normal
boosted board officially let's test it
again just to show you I can't even
stress how 23 miles an hour feels so
significantly faster than 20
that's a really really cool thing that
this worked all linked to where I bought
these wheels in the description
crazy now my booster board is now
operated no it feels nice feels
nice tight successful experiment alright
so I think what I'm gonna do is when I
get back from Toronto I'm gonna race my
buddy who has a normal booster board I'm
really happy I tried it out kind of like
a little bit in shock that it worked
like I was kind of skeptical I didn't
think it was gonna make the booster
board go three miles per hour faster
which means it peaks at 25 now so if I'm
going a little bit downhill or I have a
little extra speed it's gonna peak at 25
and Coast at 23 Oh video ZAR both almost
I lived I just wanted to hop on here and
is there retreat that videos funny as
 I'll see you guys in Toronto
tomorrow neither a bus is packed late
and we haven't packed at all so once we
get these done we gotta pack and then we
are getting on a plane what we already
clean yesterday we clean yesterday you
guys saw all that is he army there you
see my whole life I'm just an object for
your entertainment history
