oh yeah for real why haven't they I
wouldn't work for them I'm too expensive
for them we got a new filter for the
fridge and in order to make it work you
know if like drain out the water with
the new filter for like three gallons
and it takes so long to do it because I
did last time so I was like I'm not
trying to do right now so I built this
Julia so kind of spilled but it worked
it worked now we'd also do this do you
want no holding
so here we've created a nice little ice
rink set this water oh you go that's
mine you know why we're here to save
money is to not spend it on paper towels
because if you started up here talks
you're gonna waste your money they are
made by the conglomerate of water where
all the story is just DIY everything no
matter how much of a mess it makes it's
cleaning day / time we leave in like 30
hours for Toronto and so we're cleaning
the house to have it all ready
I got my colored gloves I'm gonna clean
the bathroom how exciting wrong time
you're done with the John stares I'm
gonna go do the upstairs mainly our
bedroom
mopping floors picture it's really good
picture
that's hot we do she was a go up front
yeah so in addition to cleaning tonight
I've done a little redecorating in terms
of hanging things up and this is
probably my favorite one minutes from
the photo shoot we did a while back yeah
so we're just gonna keep cleaning today
he's been all sorts of boring oh yeah
so we had a postman come to the house
last night and in the delivery bag of
the groceries we got what's her wallet
and we noticed it today
so her wallets right there Jenna found
it when we were going through the bag I
don't know how we didn't see you last
night she's gonna come by tonight to get
it so if you're postmates deliver the
food but now you what does it look like
me Oh yet the answer key before the test
we got the answer key we got our
absentee ballots so we vote by mail
because we thought we might have been
out of the country but we were yet we
met we're not gonna be other country but
we thought we were gonna be it could be
so cool you could just wear your I voted
sticker like the day before I woke up
like a dick check it out we get to study
I got the NZT right here Naida Keeler
this test is the saddest test I've ever
taken ever hashtag la votes yeah I like
see all this what do you for number 5 I
see all of these though all of these you
need to
yeah I need Aloe research a tight tie a
cop just like super slowly ruled by our
house he's like yo did you steal those
absentee ballots early you're not
supposed to have those and we're like
hey dad so I'm gonna be bringing these
that's wrong the question is am I gonna
be wearing I know it's stupid but I'm
like hi kylo he's scared to wear these
I've waited so long to get them and I
got them and now I'm like what happens
if I scuff them their shoes them what's
wrong with probably wear these for the
first time in Toronto because it'll be
festive so earlier today I didn't walk
because I was meeting with Colin he came
over and we had a little kind of meeting
where we went through some of the edits
for the commercial
it's almost done we'll probably have a
cut next week for it and we already have
another thing lined up that we're doing
together directing type shop and I'm
super pumped and it's gonna be in Austin
and that is next month he got asked to
do this job and he wanted to bring me on
again and happens to be in Austin so I'm
crazy excited to do that
I'm like really pumped about all the
things like the physical trips and jobs
and everything happening right now
vlog are fara buffer these directing
jobs it's just like I'm not used to it
so the stress of like having events kind
of not to sound stupid but like be my
events like events that I'm invited to
is a stress that I'm not familiar with
it's good but it's also a learning
process and I just thought I'd share
that with you it's you're my best friend
let me tell you about my best friend
he's neat cuz he's afraid to wear his
shoes who you guys voting for her huh
Kermit says do not ask me who I'm voting
for it's my business
how are you voting for Trump are you
voting for Hillary Clinton
are you looking for the third party are
you voting for a dog you don't know
you're voting for my ladies she's having
a kitchen ride night tonight she wants
to be like up high and see everything
that's going on tonight you get to see
everything that's happening you're so
cute Paige but how do you exist are you
so cute
every time I put her down she just a
minutes to get picked up yeah well
making you guessed it Jenna DC no pasta
there you just got close to it get your
arm close to her again
so we went through a whole bunch of
boxes earlier this week and our bins are
full the trash goes out tonight so we
have our entire kitchen just consumed
with cha-cha now but ok because it's J
and J's kitchen oh it's a different inky
cook meat stir maybe he's like so petite
compared to very little guy
