all right it is officially love for fast
week good morning
it is caffeination time preparing to go
get my daily exercise had a really nice
weekend actually really nice relaxing
fun weekend you guys saw most of it but
kind of a busy day today going to Train
and then going to lunch with Josh right
after and after that have some more
setting up to do with the J&J tower
we're just kind of what I want to call
it but it's our new PC tight I have more
setting up to do with the computer
because it's not fully ready to stream
and there it is and we stream tonight
that and a couple other things ending
wise I have to get done so I'm going to
be getting going soon and I don't think
I will be riding the boosted board
because it appears to have rained
all right I am arriving at lunch right
now I just had a call
I'm meeting Joshua this new sushi
restaurant that I've never been to and
that's kind of crazy because I've been
to like every sushi restaurant around me
actually that's not true I'm walking by
another one there's sushi restaurants
everywhere I need to just like do some
sushi homework and go to all the best
sushi restaurants in LA and just blog
all of it I saw that BuzzFeed video of
those guys who had cheap sushi and then
super expensive sushi and I want to go
to the place where they got the really
expensive sushi like a proper sushi
house but not today
today is one of that place
lunch is done it was delicious that
place is absolutely solid I was really
good to see Josh I'm gonna be hanging
out with him and doing stuff with him I
think very seriously and some of it
might be our video so I'll keep you
posted about all that now I think it's a
back home for now I also might need a
run out and grab a couple things later
you know what I might need is gonna be
the most adult thing I've said in like a
week but I need like a filing box to put
some of my like documents in because
right now they're kind of just strewn
about my office and that's not good I
might need to do that later run away
Office Depot or something see what I
mean I am so excited to be able to go
outside and feel a cool breeze
obviously the clouds are amazing and I
love that part of when it gets cold in
the fall and winter but the cool breeze
is something I've missed for quite some
time so thank you cool breeze for
gracing us la non-weather ist's with
your presence I appreciate it
I am working on the new PC build as you
guys just saw the machine is just
completely purring it's running very
well what I'm working on is just a
couple of tweaks to fix as we're on a
new computer so we need to change some
settings and things like that
and since a lot of you guys were asking
the specs of the PC I figured I'd give
it to you in the vlog our specs are we
got an i7 3.5 gigahertz six core
processor we got the Asus Rampage 5
Edition 10 motherboard 32 gigs of ram
got a 1 terabyte internal hard drive a
256 gig solid-state drive for our
graphics card we have an EVGA geforce
gtx 1088 gigabyte superclocked graphics
card power supply and we're walking
Windows 10 with 228 inch Samsung 4k
monitors and some Razer peripherals so
that those are the specs if you guys
have more questions oh it's also in a z
9 neo casing the white which we we
really liked and as you can see the
cable management is a work in progress
alright so done with computer stuff for
right now and just feeding the dogs but
I wanted to say to you guys I know I say
this a lot but the ding pam is really
important
in us and you guys are constantly
tweeting things at me asking how I'm
doing telling me I'm great like you
build me up every single day and I feel
just so lucky to have that you guys just
make me feel really good and it's
important that you know that like I get
that you enjoy watching me and you
tweeted us because you want to but you
need to know that it has an effect and
it's it's it's one that is really really
positive and I feel it every single day
sometimes I don't feel exactly inspired
to make vlogs or what not but I remember
how much they mean to you and how much
you guys mean to me when you tweet than
me and I don't want you to snap yeah I
just you know every time I'm on Twitter
I'm seeing my inbox and my mentions
filled with you guys all the time just
saying the nicest stuff it just it's
awesome so thank you ding BAM I have to
call the dog Watchers to arrange them to
watch our little fur babies this weekend
because we will be in Toronto but once
I'm done with that I think the only
thing left to do for this weekend is to
find an outfit other than the tux that
are we wearing apparently buffer fest
has a sponsor for people attending the
gala with films that will measure you
and fit you for a tux
within hours so I don't have to bring my
own tux which is nice
I just have to bring outfits for the red
carpets on the nights that I'm not gonna
be wearing a tux I love this how they
make when they birth what
others cross yeah you want to I'm gonna
set you up can I show you a place in the
vlog yeah what if you're wondering why
that's green it's because she can keep
those spots on her face on the green
screen yeah I guess we're gonna hook up
some Elder Scrolls for Genesis stream
it's a new entire game it's called it's
called young scrolls not elder think
phantom say hi to the chat tight tight
tight tight tight I love you dink them I
was just talking on the word right how
much I love the big family you guys are
we're we're live on Twitter sweet so now
there's girls yeah there's no second
floor in here I'm in the wrong place
hey pause the walk you will all nice
thank you
