good morning it is not bright and early
it's dark and early and I just got up
out of the shit ready and gonna hop in
the car in just a few minutes and go to
this commercial shoot going to be
directing this commercial for bath shoes
and the shoot is in Venice at this hour
shouldn't take super long nobody in
their right mind is awake but I'm going
to grab some coffee grab some food and
bounce now to get on the freeway it's
still dark
I packed us off a nice lunch of rice to
have on set and of course I forgot it
it's funny when I put it in the fridge
last night I was like I'm gonna forget
this because it's not on the counter but
at but I forgot it anyway I should be
early so I'm gonna make a pit stop at
Starbucks I get some coffee and maybe
some snacks made to the west side and
it's um early now I gotta get caffeine
but there's a nice marine layer of
clouds and the light is green alright
not a bad location for a shoot I'm here
I got here a little early and coffee and
just waiting for Colin and gonna get
going on this thing
I am pumped up I have a sip of the
coffee and I was like alright I'm pumped
there's a Doug good you dude all right
so before we shoot today I'm downloading
a firmware upgrade on the Mavic pro so
it runs nice and smooth today and I'm
kind of setting up base camp in this car
we are going to the dog park and my
little brother came over there we got
the three dogs Jenna Marlin and we're
going to the dog park to run around the
dogs we're also going to get a frisbee
on the way or a football so we can run
around and throw that around guys you
want to see something fucking crazy
a fanny pack right here the one I carry
on my back like this my drone is in it
maverick Pro inside this little fanny
pack is that nuts what do you do what
get out of the laundry room wrong
there's no lock on this door could we
wait five minutes my lunch is almost
done I just switch it now No
get on my feet I guess we're waiting
five minutes somewhere like as pushes
laundry you guys want to go to the park
oh you want to go to the park
this is called Sandro by darude ah
Austria
No
on each other oh my god
you know we just arrived at the park and
we're gonna run around and throw the
ball around and drone and dogs but I'm
like I can't even believe how crazy the
sky looks right now these giant dark
storm clouds kind of all over and I only
have my one of my cameras but I guess
I'll do my best to kind of see like what
happens because this is like you never
see clouds like this in LA it's crazy
huge storm clouds it's lit as fuck we're
leaving the park right now we had some
fun with the frisbee the dogs just got
cold so we had to pack up but um the
sunset was beautiful even though it's
not completely set and we got to fly the
naviga round which is fun right Marsh
yeah
all right so we're gonna pack up go home
and figure out what is next for the
night can you guys fucking believe this
though if it's in a fanny pack like what
we're having some cider tonight it's
going to be like a cider themed night we
stopped at BevMo and grabbed a whole
bunch of cider we've never tried so this
is first up it's a golden state cider
holy shit did not even realize this look
what's on the back an otter
otter look at this look what I just
totally didn't even realize about the
cider oh it's an honor
oh yeah anything else it's gotta be this
I knew I liked this brand and I didn't
know why is because there's an otter on
it tiny do you think girl live your best
life girl this is first up goal in the
state and it's a solid cider it's nice
and dry good flavor I like the packaging
I think we're one for one pizza will be
here soon and uh friends will be here
soon and back friends I mean jaywalker
also we have not hooked it up yet but
look what we just picked up on our way
home it's our computer that's it right
in there we will hook it up tomorrow
because we don't have time tonight we
want to hang out and it kind of got late
but that's it the tower is ready it's
the J and J Tower and it's all set I'm
so excited I'm noticing the video it's
so much better with the video
lit tight tight a it's a next up on the
cider docket Jay's here by the way
and it is American hopped cider from
embark craft and it's delicious
you can taste the hops in this one which
I like it's like got a little bit of a
beer taste but it's extra dry refreshing
two for two all right here's the J and J
tower right here I just want to share
this moment with you one we got a window
alright so here it is I'll show you more
later all right
last side I'm probably gonna review is
the Seattle dry hard cider from Seattle
hard dry cider it's good it's it's
honestly these all are very similar the
only difference is the American hot one
that has a very like specific taste but
um I'm going to keep drinking these
three and I'll review the rest later but
we're gonna play some beer pong now
we're going to Saturday our face away we
sort of got the computer set up but I'm
not going to show you until it's fully
set up Cheers I'll see you a sec
I get to meet Julian um vlog just doing
dream stuff you know like I'm making
some bagels cuz I'm just sorry you're
doing
Julian's stuff okay Julian's gonna get
mad at me just kidding hey I'm Julian
alright I gotta go alright we were about
to go podcast we fell behind this week
so we had a podcast today which is
Sunday but I had a fun time last night
good seeing my brother and Jay and it
was all good I got all the sponsor stuff
here ready to go we are going to go in
there and do this thing and then uh I
think we have to go to Fry's once more
to grab a couple cables that we are
missing but it ain't real work you don't
have to do it again this is what I
always say clouds have been sick today
but you guys already know that
