good morning guys it's nice and cloudy
there's a low sheet of clouds right now
and I really like it I also would really
like to go somewhere where I could be
above them because I know that's
possible when they're this low I'm going
to train this morning for an hour and
then I have a meeting so I'm gonna go do
these things today I just fed peach she
just had breakfast I think she wants
more but she's not getting any more mom
yeah give me more dad where's the rest
it's a it'll be a pre-workout day no
coffee as it's quicker and I didn't make
coffee
I'm gonna go roll around sweat a bit and
then head over I think to like Melrose I
have to wake Jenna up because I need her
to be unpackage watch cuz I don't think
peach can answer the door she's just
gonna be looking for food
all right I ran out as early as I could
because I realized I might have some
time before going to jujitsu
to get up somewhere high where I could
see these clouds from above them like
this low fog that's happening in LA I
feel like is it super common I mean even
when it is foggy it doesn't really feel
like it's always this low so I'm gonna
try my best I have about 25 minutes to
do this so this is where I ended up and
unfortunately I can't get above the
clouds it's a lot higher of a sheet of
closet it looks I thought it was like
maybe five six hundred feet above sea
level which would make it like four
hundred feet above where I am I went up
to 400 feet which is the highest I'm
supposed to go and I was still below I
just feel around a bit but I don't know
maybe I'll achieve that some other time
I just think that would be so cool be
above the clouds especially in a place
like La figures like la that seems
pretty rare put this baby away
you
choose your foods good entire page means
I get my ass to lunch now
all right so I'm heading to Melrose for
this lunch meeting with a friend of mine
and I just got word that I have
something to pick up later today at the
DJI offices
that pink wall over there is a pink wall
that everyone in the entire city of La
goes to take a picture even right
 now it's just one of those spots
like everyone needs a picture in front
of it no matter what anyway I just
finished a good meeting at lunch went
well and now I'm on my way to the
offices of DJI to pick up a special
package waiting for me I think you guys
know what's coming but I am very excited
to grab this so I'm going to get that
from you gi and then head back to the
otter nest
so today is just one of those days where
I am constantly doing like a hundred
things at once and it's awesome like it
is the best day i snapchatted throughout
today showing you what's going on little
snippets but I want to show you kind of
the scope of today number one I had a
meeting with a friend of mine named Ali
and it went incredibly well number two I
picked up this little beast from DJI it
is a Mavic Pro the new tiny drone are
you seeing how big this is that's how
big it is this is the new drone and it's
incredible I cannot wait to shoot some
stuff with this and show you everything
you can do because it's a little bit
mind-blowing so get your mind kind of
ready for that explosion number three
this happened I got myself a pair of the
v2 orange and grey Yeezy boost 350s
after the longest wait of a lifetime I
finally got some and I couldn't be
happier
there's more than just the box I promise
I didn't just get a box there they are
in the box they will stay for right now
and lastly but not really lastly I am
preparing for a commercial shoot
tomorrow colin has brought me on to
co-direct a commercial with him for bass
shoes and we are shooting it tomorrow
bright and early and I am getting the
Arsenal ready for that shoot so this is
where we have 16 to 35 Sony F for 24 to
70 sony 2.8 and we got this which I just
rented for the shoot it's a 70 to 200
f/4 got the 50 millimeter one point for
my sony a7s - and of course the tiny
drone that packs a punch the Matic pro
so all of this stuff will be coming with
me tomorrow plus more I have tripods
sliders monopods batteries memory
everything so it's going to be a really
long intense day of shooting this
commercial and I'm beyond excited to do
it I just have to prepare for it so
today has been all of that and in a word
it's been great so I'm very happy with
the way today is gone I actually believe
it or not have a couple more packages
coming but those are further computer
build we are doing we've received the
power supply and the graphics card which
is right here and this is the graphic
charm monitor right then I'm going to
help Jenna shoot our video and then I
believe I'm going to see Joshua tonight
because he is around and I'm very
excited to see him so we'll see if we
can get all that done for my first
flight ever I'm going to fly this in the
media room inside the house right now
it's it's so freaking still right now
I'm updating the firmware look how tiny
this controller is this is it opens up
so you can put your phone in it and then
it folds back that way she will do that
peach
you know what this is so I've locked all
the other dogs upstairs because there
the boys are not good with drums
peachy's just curious I think she'll be
okay I'm going to keep her in the
kitchen
launch in the media room and have her
come back in here so she's curious
though G stay stay right there okay
do you believe how still this is right
now what
the drone is sitting right next to peach
first of all peach is being really good
but look at this
the ability that this throne house is
sit still is one that I did not know
drones could even do but it can't like
it's not moving at all let's put this
thing down now eg you don't mind that
drawing at all do you and you're like
what's wrong
that's my friend yeah it's your friend
good girl another bonus is the drone is
clearly a dog-friendly well at least for
peach look she just wants more
did you like to draw peach
