peach peach trustful she doesn't feel
like doing it today you don't be like
doing it uh she's she's not gonna try
song not feelin it
she does whatever she wants so today is
an exciting day because we were going to
Fry's Electronics which in and of itself
is a really fun place to go and an
exciting store for those who haven't
been Fry's Electronics is like a very
old school but also really really
helpful electronic store with very
specific things you might need it's
where we're going to build our PC we're
going to get all the parts we need
because I had some help from the Digg
fam on what parts to get for our new
awesome beast of a PC that we can game
on and so we're going to go pick up all
the parts at Fry's and start the build
so I will take you with me and show you
I'm sorry i boring you
do you know what I'm doing do you
understand what's happening this camera
no you don't even give a fuck right so
we are going to fries just a few minutes
received a few tweets of you people who
are going to buffer fest and wanted to
know specifically when you'll be able to
see me uh so Friday the opening night of
buffer fest I will be there at the red
carpet I will be able to meet you guys
if you go to the red carpet but I do my
best to meet every one of you guys who
are there in addition to that Sunday
there was also a red carpet that I will
be at so I'll meet you guys there
I'm getting very very excited I know I
say it every single blog but I am lookey
- girl well well hey hot is that panting
or yawning well what's it decide
we have made it to fries this place is
so awesome this is like a midget where
the shot started great
that's true yeah the end of myth it's
like the very end very we got a list rat
fries and we're going to try to build a
PC we have no idea what we are doing all
right so we are almost done here fries
we've as expected found a few things
that we can't get today because they
just don't have it here so components
that we found and can buy right now are
the solid-state drive the graphics or
video card which is EVGA GeForce and
think that's it yeah so we've just a
couple things we need to get the rest of
it online so we will do that then we're
going to come back here to build it
which is going to be the second
happiness this place really is awesome
it has like everything from soccer balls
to exercise equipment to computers
cooking stuff it's like whatever the bug
you wat just fucking come to frat so
while we were over here they these guys
have been trying to sell us on the
computer but but I'm really excited to
build one like it's a project and it's
um it's something I want to do also
building it is cheaper and it's more
customizable and you can switch things
out if they fuck you up and then you
like snap this around their body and
watch them oh my god whoa clothes washer
that's my dad his name is dad call him
dad all right
leaving across we're done here here at
home and I had the idea from looking at
my ratchet ass toe that we should get a
manicure and pedicure and a manicure and
a pedicure and also a manicure and
pedicure so we're gonna go get a
manicure and pedicure and just like old
times
either I'm gonna pick out Jenna's color
because she doesn't know how to pick out
her own color and I'm kind of an expert
at it so what do you say we look at a
nail nail trip to Julian's stash salon
they're gonna eat your nails be like a
bitch were you drunk yeah we have a one
hour guarantee of plastic so it's
surpass it by many many others excited
Oh get your camera it will be a baby
over beautiful bed all right I'm done I
got the paraffin wax which is like
really nice how's it looking these are
the nails that Jenna got so it's what
Chrome holy crap and some light on them
they look so cool sure so they're chrome
nails and every time Jenna gets her
nails done
she lets me name them and I think the
appropriate name for this color is
French horny French horny I didn't play
the French horn in school but I didn't
live the free shotty
