it is Sunday in agenda Julian house and
we are son dating appropriately we just
went to the dog park and got the dogs
out and about and excited and exercised
and I use it on top of the table and the
pizza is here right now
how we're going to get into this pizza
Brett's here Fuzzy's here
featuring upside down fresh fries
oh you bought to get so late right now
you not even ready
oh that's her talking shit to the person
she's playing hearthstone yeah but they
can't hear it I just love hearing her
talk shit especially when she's losing
spoiler alert it's boring I'm asking me
what my mouth does it eats and drinks
and I brush my teeth in it eats pizza
don't look at me like that with your
blue eyebrows I like the blue eyebrows
but just don't look at me like that with
them the debates on in like an hour so
we're getting our bodies ready to watch
it irena drink while we watch it all
right so we saw a video on the internet
recently of this dog trust falling and
we thought it was really cute so we
taught peach how to trust fall
and she learned it really fast this is
peach trust falling all right peachy you
wanna trust fall
just just the PG just fall just opt just
uh just just it songs you it's really
cute peachy trustful you can do it oh oh
oh do you trust me
there's a lot of dogs here right now so
she's kind of nervous like that one a
10-gram with the harness on it that just
says nervous did you see that it's this
piggy with a harness on it and it just
says nervous and we're like oh my god
that is Kermit literally Kermit
that's her trust fall now we're going to
watch this brand new episode of Law &
Order that aired ten years ago Oh No
recreate alright alright so I went
outside really quick to look at the sky
and it looks like there's all this smoke
out there and it's because of this fire
which is like miles and miles away from
us it's not even close
that's what the sky looks like
that's not and uh I just put the drone
up because we're way far away from it
we're not even near to where the they're
fighting in its like probably 15-20
miles away and we could see from the
drone as you can probably see is like
it's over the hill it's far away but
hopefully everyone's okay I think it's a
brushfire we're about to watch this
debate for real because it's it's
embarrassment but we might as well be
entertained right guys pizza was
delicious it's just it's Sunday and I
actually have a beer you guys want a
beer ding fam we saw you rename your
group chat Todd yeah Rula so all that
smoke led to a pretty fucking cool
sunset so I just wanted to check and I
knew there would be some color but
that's really cool that's really cool
I just ran up here the debates happening
so we should go back downstairs but I
mean look at that Jos gonna finally give
overwatch a try I have not played it at
all I downloaded it kind of around when
it came out and then literally never got
around to playing it so I'm gonna play a
little bit right now get myself kind of
used to it and then I'm gonna stream
some overwatch off of the ding Pham I
don't know why I never got to it I don't
know why I never played it I think it
was more because of you know in the
middle of other games and I don't know
but I'm finally getting to it and I'm
excited because I've heard it's still
guys setup we have over here it looks
like madness but it's not it's like a
pretty functional system this is the
table for everything we move this stuff
on to it and then we put it over there
when we're done with it and we have two
podcasts but I think for the space we
have it's it's relatively great I also
just found out that for buffer fest in a
week and a half I'm going to be wearing
a tuxedo I'm almost positive I've never
in my entire life worn a tuxedo so that
will be a fun festive interesting
uncomfortable situation I don't know but
I'm pumped for buffer fest today I
actually announced sort of a little
teaser of my short film it's the title
and the no picture thumbnail whatever
I'm just I'm really pumped for it you're
gonna get some overwatch now oh my
goodness oh my god he just sneezed in my
face does your dog reverse sneeze in
your face anyway we just got a stream
done on the twitch channel I stream some
overwatch it was fun great game the only
problem is the problem we have every
week which is computer problems because
we have this little PC laptop which we
it was our first PC we bought it to
stream and it's crap and it doesn't hold
up streams and it slows down and there's
problems every week so we basically
reached our tipping point today where we
said we need to get a real PC tower and
I think we're going to build one so a
couple very special members of the dink
them are going to help give us advice on
what's a bit
you got up so I'm excited for that
project I'm excited to build a PC and
I'm also excited to have a computer that
doesn't give us problems every week
sooner decisions have arised like what
are we eating for dinner and I'll answer
that for you we're eating Taco Bell for
dinner we're gonna go to Taco Bell I get
dinner there's we should show you the
vegan Taco Bell
you guys want a vegan Taco Bell hall all
right let's do it I want to draw a cat
for you I want to dress cat that was
inappropriate okay you guys can't see
okay
let's go to talk about and we'll show
you the vegan and gluten-free well my
orders vegan your order is vegan but I
can't eat your order because it's not
gluten-free so we'll just show you the
whole entire Taco Bell Hawk because
everything we get from Taco Bell is
vegan it's also not produced in a
facility that I give a fuck about I
didn't I didn't tell you that story it
was so cute okay so we get post mates
quite a bit post mates is awesome and
the other day I ordered post mates and
we ordered Taco Bell but in the notes
section
I wrote vegan so like no meat and take
away the dairy and stuff like that and
so when they come here it's a guy and he
brought his son and he walks up to the
gate and he says I respect that you
don't eat animals and I was like that's
so sweet thank you for saying that and
then his dad was like yeah I was
explaining to him what vegan was because
he was asking what I ordered it and I
was telling him you know what a vegan is
I was the one that got that order at the
door I would've just started crying
yeah like thank you sir for explaining
to your son something in a nice way like
he could have been me about it's so true
though like the dad exactly and and like
the kid clearly like I don't know it was
just like so nice all around so thanks
to that kid shoutout to that kid all
right so we're almost at Taco Bell but I
wanted to show you something aza J my
buddy Jay every time we play rocket
League together one of us like will text
the other to see if we want to play but
we won't be like hey you wanna play
rocket League well say something based
on the idea that we're gonna kill
someone because every time we say
broccoli we're gonna like we're gonna
kill people because we're so
Rockley we're going to kill the
opponents so now we'll just text each
other like difference very specific ways
to kill people and he just texted me
this which is like hilarious and I just
want to share that with you because it's
one of those things
you've made it to the holy palace of
Yaakov al we are now currently at Yakko
about yeah well yeah how about does
whatever Yakko Bell hi guys welcome to
Julian's blogs here on Jillian's vlog
channel decoded
we got a Taco Bell and and I'm gonna I'm
gonna show you show you I'm show you
easy with a lens so here in in just a
regular day in Julian's life I'm like
hey I'm gonna go to Taco Bell you gonna
come with me or what because it's Monday
time for Taco Bell not spawn snot ad but
feel free talk about I would love to
work with you all don't open the
Gorillapod just go relaying around give
it back I'm using it we need don't open
it begging to be opened it's not look at
it's like honey no Mike no honey bug
babies shit shit Maury a shit shit more
you ever have a kid just boy or girl
with a shit oh shit so Lomita good
morning I'm a mosquito
you
no crime trap this is why Julian can't
have this because this is a flour
tortilla yeah but that's beans and then
a hard shell and then lettuce and
tomatoes and potatoes and then you add
some sour cream and some hot sauce yeah
pea yeah it's so good love you yeah so
we hit this sour cream we use the hot
sauce and I get these crunchy tacos with
beans and potatoes instead of meat and
no dairy on em this is our Taco Bell
order for the most part right babe the
best vegan sour cream you've ever tried
the sour cream is incredible now I'm
going to get into that
