Oh
good morning so as you can tell I'm just
getting up into bed pretty light so it
is not super early in the morning I am
going to workout at the gym although I
feel every inch of last night's workout
we did basically posterior chain the
whole time like deadlifts back my body
is reminding me of it
but it's good because I need to get past
this like hump and just get get my ass
to the gym you know I'm saying do you
know I'm saying later on today will be
podcasting I've been putting up these
vlogs at night this week which I kind of
dig I mean I'll probably go back to
doing mornings next week but I kind of
dig doing the night vlogs when I when
I'm like behind schedule instead of just
like missing a day I just put it up at
night and you guys seem to dig himself
yes that's cool to know really quick I
want to address that situation the peach
situation so a lot of you guys have both
kindly and otherwise told me that she's
overweight in many of the recent vlogs
as she has put on a little bit of weight
here's here's what I'm gonna say on that
and then you know we're gonna pretty
much put it to rest because I don't feel
like we needed to talk about this but we
switched over their diets to a food
source that basically made it so they
had feeding times normally we just left
kibble out like little dog pieces of
food in their bowl and they could eat
what they want and everything was cool
no one was overweight and we switch
their diet to a food like a real food
based meal if you will and what happened
was Kermit and marbles got tired a lot
faster of that food than peach did so
they would stop eating midway through
their meal and just leave and so peach
would be left with extra food so she was
just eat it and we discovered this
because I was paying attention to like
how much time she was spending eating
over you know at the feeding spot and
when Kermit marbles would leave so as of
like two weeks ago we've stopped that
and we are switching over to sort of
like a hybrid of things to try to work
it out I'm exercising peach nearly every
day I've taken her for runs and walks I
have it under control
and
as much as you guys may be worried about
her or what she looks like and how it's
not traditionally in Italian Greyhounds
look hey I don't think that the Thai
ground should be completely emaciated
like a lot of people think they should
be
I think the Kermit is like a perfectly
healthy attire ground and B I'm very
aware and I'm working on it and she's
happy and I've taken her to that and
they've said she's healthy and it's all
good so I just wanted to address that
because I feel like I haven't talked
about it and every single vlog I see
comments about how my daughter's fat so
no more of those comments please oh and
by the way this is this is mommy joking
about peach and how we fat Shamer we put
a picture of a really fat dog by the
food our friend Jill so she doesn't hurt
cat yeah so should we got it from our
friend Jill and it's it's a joke people
you know what's crazy I've been noticing
this more and more places I Drive or
places I just am out in the world I see
spots that we used to go Pokemon hunting
at night like in the middle of the night
like with Jenna and I with J like so
many hours we went out and went to these
spots and played Pokemon go and you know
now it's like over the fat it's like
past it's just crazy to think about like
we were so into that game because it was
so cool and now it's just like its
history like it's a thing of the past I
mean I'm not saying I'll never play
pokemon go again because I know that
they're constantly doing things that are
going to make it worth coming back to
but it's just wild like a new game comes
out we're so excited and now I'm seeing
all these little spots around town that
we used to go like that's 7-eleven that
we were at getting Slurpees in the night
playing Pokemon go it's cool it's just
like little memories I actually like
remember which Pokemon I caught in which
spots fucking wild man these cacti are
pretty cool this is a outside the gym
I'm at right now to work out you guys
ever look for an email and you know it's
like somewhere in your inbox and you
could easily just search it but for some
reason you just scroll and scroll and
scroll and you inevitably pass it and
you just go back to searching anyway
you're like why did I even fuckin search
in the first place manually I should
have just typed in the search bar that's
literally what I do every day of my
entire life so I have an announcement
for you guys I am going to be that
vlogger fair in Seattle you guys can
grab your tickets for Sunday November
13th which is Community Day which is
basically meet and greets and hanging
out and I'll be there so you can meet me
and we can talk but I believe the early
bird pricing is ending soon I'll link
the tickets below if you live in Seattle
or you're close by I would love to meet
you this is my first year of logger fair
they invited me and I'm I'm excited to
go hopefully I will see you there I have
never been to
Seattle so that is one thing I am crazy
excited for because I always wanted to
go to Seattle so apparently Jenna did
something new to her eyebrows let's go
find out can I see your eyebrows chad is
just hissing in her eyebrows that I did
not know was possible she basically like
reshaped them with her hands I'm not
letting you get on camera is he ever
sure yeah help you
what's this one's name PG this is the
one everyone's making fun of her
everyone making fun of you I think
you're beautiful
mmm
lifting already girl you look so cute
hey I need some jewel to see no I did
not know that was even a thing so
somebody was are a lot of people I guess
are tweeting it wrong and like you and
people were like genuinely concerned I'm
losing my mind I thought it was like a
thing like people knew that it's not the
first time I've done it yeah like I
shaved ass well yeah cuz I don't know
it's not something I ever think to like
show if I'm gonna do it like I let him
grow in but like sometimes you won't
want to change
to be fair your snapchat was a bit
jarring why cuz you just shaved off half
your fucking eyebrow and you're like hey
I'm going nuts
look at this sunset yeah
beautiful no I think good burp I think
they look really cute denim bowties are
always in that's what I say I say that a
decent do you say that I think I think
it was in that's actually dope is fuck
yeah
dog it's an actual dog collar it's not
made for you I'm gonna night that mean
Brett wore them out oh my god yes
what's Brett doing why don't you text
them doing this bra look you yeah that's
the back of her oh all right I'll go
text Brett good eyebrows good eyebrow
Inge I browing good eyebrow in where am
I looking oh there you are
you
