all right I just uploaded the vlog so
that is why I'm still wearing this shirt
but now we are on to the next log next
day of shit and by shit I mean awesome
things because life is good I'm in here
this incredibly well-lit room right now
where I'm set up a situation for Jenna's
nail video or rather our nail video I'm
going to be helping her with doing her
nails she needs my help right here we
got this tripod I just got this tripod
it's pretty badass because it has this
situation here where you can kind of
just put your camera wherever the fuck
you want so this is going to be our
close-up camera for the nails right
there this is our camera right here
that's the main two-shot
there's the light over there I'm using
the DJI Osmo mobile for a little bit of
a getting ready moving time-lapse which
you guys would probably have already
seen and over here I'm just doing shit
on the computer so Jenna's gonna be down
here and just a second maybe to get
going but this is a situation and I'm
gonna do some dope-ass nailer
I am a hollow sexual I'm too they give
really impeccable taste and nails thank
you
we did it we did her nails we're done
Jenna how you like your nails I actually
like are like that yeah I don't like no
it was fun
I will say it's a lot harder than I
thought was coming I was going a lot
easier a lot easier linen it tonight
time to clean up
yeah let's show the nails
compliments of you boy truly looking at
them this is when your YouTube channel
gets deleted that's what it looks like
and then this is a mustache because I
have a mustache so what hello oh my god
mister are we done okay are we done now
see you guys in the morning alright you
be there you be will you be there
wake up wake up mom pets salmon one time
I love you guys
he's so good open your leg good today
this villain Nikki leg oh my God look at
him wow look at his legs all stretched
out straight you pretty like a little
ballerina look at your leg little egg Oh
God such a ham give me that dolly look
at his fucking face so cute honey
Kermit are you a dog what animal are you
he's like so sweet yeah sweet he sits on
top this thing like in the back and like
nearly falls back there all the time
it's the dream corner he loves it
guys like the dream corner look it's it
look at vici Luke and Ichi what is that
he's dreamy what is it oh my god she's
looking at it he's so funny he's so
funny
hmm he's still like usually you like
licks and stops again he does I know but
he's just oh it's my keeper haha I love
ya what's up you're in the bed
hey mom yeah can you see that all that
water right there
no that is I just took a sip out of
filling this up I filled this up with
water and ice and was sitting on the
counter I took a sip of it and I felt
something like in my mouth like I don't
know a fly something that wasn't water
or ice so without even thinking I just
spit it all over the floor and now
there's just a giant puddle
but fucking at least I didn't die
clean it up or should I just leave it
what do I do here by the way I don't
know if you've noticed but I a little
bit have a black eye
right there I don't know if you can see
it it's pretty small it's a small little
bruise
I got kneed in the face in jiu-jitsu
which I literally didn't even like feel
it I remember it happening it was one of
those things where like I'll move
certain spots in your head where you get
hit and you feel the impact but there's
no pain like there are certain spots
where it's really painful but like right
here like right here on the like near
the temple and the cheekbone there's
spots where it doesn't really it's not
sensitive so I got hit in that spot and
I was like oh that's probably not gonna
leave your mark and then it left a mark
so that's what happened to me in my face
fuck I always use paper towels to clean
shit up and it's so wasteful and but I
do it anyway also am I just going to
keep drinking out of that thing if
there's a fly in it or did I spit it out
maybe who knows ah
so today has been a really awesome and
productive day I took care of some taxes
and financial things also I cleaned my
closet which you guys know every fucking
couple of months I just let it get so
messy to the point where I don't ever
want to go in I finally buckled down and
cleaned it today that is done and we
just recorded Jenna's radio show you saw
my keep it and Lauren and now to chill
out I'm gonna go wreck some fools and
rocket League with Jay because we've
been putting in work so I have a few
hours right now to kick it play some
rocket League and hang out this evening
I am going to work out I'm going to
actually hold lift weights I know can't
believe I'm actually doing it but I need
to and I'm gonna go do it with Jimmy who
is Madeline Bailey's husband I met him
like a few weeks back at one of Josh's
game nights
and we've been meaning to hang out for a
while now we finally are going to so
we're going to lift together and do the
fitness thing by the way guys this is uh
my current rod right now I got this
animated live skin and check out pixel
fire that cool fucking pixel fire
alright y'all I got the wide lens
working on the Osmo mobile this is what
it looks like I got the little arm this
is the ozma right here this is my phone
this is the mic and I'm using the
function right now where it tracks your
face so I selected my face and anyway I
go it will follow my face and another
thing which is cool is uh this setup is
not even really any heavier than my
normal vlogging setup all right on my
way to the gym to meet Jimmy but I'm
making a quick stop at Whole Foods to
grab just a few ingredients for dinner
when I get back
yeah all right Jim you guys have met
Jimmy this is Jimmy hi he's a beastly
this guy here he's put me through hell
right now
Yeah right this guy's moving three bills
tomorrow I'm seriously I'm not gonna be
able to get out tonight yeah so usually
lives down now doing Roman deadlifts
which are equally as shit but great
all right we're sticking with the
posterior chain we do enable Rossum
we got after not eating clothes for so
long I feel like I've never got a hold
in my life that's it's like one of those
things like pull ups and push it oh if
you don't do them like they are the
hardest things to ever do sure
Jimmy please I was like the dumbest
place I could have put my camera all
right we're on the last thing in the day
which is curls well he suffers back
there I'm just gonna talk to you like
nothing's going on the work I was doing
it's been like an hour and now that he
showed me that he like knows workouts
we're gonna be doing this for some
curatu cm or that's Jimmy did you forget
is really the lift is over I would
definitely run out Jim Egan he's like
few people who situates his workouts a
lot like idea so I was awesome I'm
starting to real
eat some food
eat the food that I picked up
