why is the holidays a fun time of year
um because I get to wear a rash guard
too juicy that looks like a Christmas
sweater
happy holidays y'all
I just got back oh please bye hi what
have you been doing huh
is it a busy Monday so I just finished a
really good exhausting day of jiu-jitsu
so while we were in Idaho we went to a
place called Dutch Bros it's the coffee
spot that you got to go to up there and
they sent me and Jenna a bunch of
awesome merch they have like really cool
stuff they send Jenna a Jersey for a
basketball game tomorrow so I'm gonna go
put it on and show her okay on second
thought it might be for dinner they give
me I got a basketball game tomorrow
sorry it fits me great we're good yeah
therapy backstreet's back
hey you demand them to give you a water
bowl in the bedroom and then you just
spill it everywhere look at your Jersey
girl
let's see some basketball moves oh shit
crossover oh we got a hundred percent
need to like actually have a proper
basketball game for you tomorrow 9:00
a.m. all right PC hey guys would you
guys be down to play basketball against
me and just me and make fun of me the
whole time the basketball game needs to
happen one way or another and if you're
gonna lose it people are gonna be
disappointed
so maybe well it's not gonna be Ryan in
his whole team versus just you don't be
split up or you need to assemble your
own team or you could have Ryan give you
Jeremy Lin and he gets Shawn how should
we make your best ball game Greg is good
I'll take Derek wait we need to figure
this out Ryan what do we do no he's on
speaker I've been babe I can't hear with
your tongue yeah yeah I'm talking to you
when I was feeding peach this morning I
accidentally as I was spooning summer
food i spoon it onto her head like
wouldn't back up she was jamming her
face in it while I was trying to put it
on the ground
get slop on your head let's see it
really did it looks like slop on our
head what the fuck why do you think this
is appropriate you're so much older than
her I'm talking to you good time
shit we saw having broken down the set
from our cooking show gonna put these
chairs back but you know what while
they're here look at it got a nice like
a bed in the kitchen so you um our tofu
thin which I am and I want to make like
a quick little breakfast sandwich I just
take nutritionally salt pepper onion and
garlic powder and turmeric put it in
there and that's what it'll look like
sort of like a spice make sure and then
what you're gonna do is you're gonna cut
these in half so you season it up real
good
okay so these toast then you have sudo
egg sandwich in like five minutes
there you go have some quick mats for
you quick lunch they're good it's all
good you hungry you're gonna eat we got
to go to the workout suit
my god Dona what'd you just say before I
started vlogging Oh Lucar see what that
little bit because his coach asked
someone who's thinking about having kids
and Julie's like yeah we talked about it
well a lot of my teammates have kids so
they were talking about kids and their I
oh well what do you having kids yeah and
it would be so great cuz you're like
young and full of energy and I'm so
tired and thirty you can like pick up
all the slack you know it'd be a hell of
a team you would be in a perpetual state
of practicing for a basketball game I'm
raising the can you feed the baby I got
to go to practice all of a sudden the
baby's born you like have practice every
night i dunk into my baby that's how
they don't talk about like celebrities
and athletes and stuff and they like
miss out on a lot of stuff for their kid
cuz they're like you know being a
professional athlete that's gonna be my
life so just lives as a completely
normal person for thirty years and that
has a baby and then becomes immediately
a professional athlete
we named her Jenna Junior why do men do
that and then women don't do that
actually just occurred to me why don't
we ever hear like girl named junior okay
Alex Lee recently my dad made a family
tree and so it like shows everybody and
then it gets to me and my brother and
like all the men's names are in bold and
then it shows like where the bloodline
goes and I'm just like that weird branch
over here that's like gray and like sort
of italicized this is Jenna the other
size because I like I killed the family
bloodline you know things like that's
why they don't name girls don't mean
girls Jenna jr. because you're not
carrying on my bloodline theoretically
I'm carrying on yours but there's got to
be I beg to differ my genes are strong
and great you're gonna take my name when
we get Julian Maury and our daughters
gonna beat universe hey there's my wife
Jenna Maureen is my daughter Jenna boy
my name is Julian more short for jenna
mourey the J stands for Julian J Maury
we have a kid we can't we can't be going
to these workouts sorry trainer I can't
be here we got so sorry I'm like I'm
just so pregnant I think I gotta lay
down my mom always used to say to us but
we were going up like you know we'd
sleep in on the weekends and she's like
it's okay sleep as long do you want
you're growing you know you know yeah
yeah 25 I use that excuse for eating
it's like when you're young and you eat
a lot your mom would be like you're a
growing boy
keep eating now when I'm you didn't
wanna I'm like I'm a growing man I need
you I need to keep growing if I keep
eating maybe I'll grow in it my mom said
I'm a growing boy and I still that my
hamster he's a boy he's so cute
personally I think I think he looks like
a Griswold I'm gonna it's a great house
named PJ did you know that the one I met
in South Carolina was named Petrie miss
you Petrie
I think Griswold is good because it
works on a lot of levels G can call it G
call it Grizz call it grizzy Wally Wally
world it was the first name that popped
my head when I saw his cute little
hamster face we are gonna cook dinner
and then we're gonna record the last
podcast of the year gr is wal D we take
Christmas and New Year's off of the
podcast so we'll be back in two weeks
but tonight we record the final episode
for the year which I think what we're
gonna do is we're going to reflect on
different categories of this year and
things that we like - hey Kermit you ate
a couple of hours ago and you're
scratching your ball already not cool
go be a nice little wrap-up the podcast
that's it's crazy to think that we've
finished a whole nother year of the
podcast but it's been a great year for
the podcast that they're you know
obviously 2017 a little bit but all
around in the world but there were a lot
of good highlights and I think it's what
we're going to talk about on the podcast
how my personal kizhi couch what a
shoulder workout
welcome to JJ's pad thai kitchen having
my head high every every day there's a
new menu only pad time I have given in
and said okay Julian we can have pad
thai again for dinner so I just want to
cut you off that was really fun podcast
that was really fun it was nice to do a
little Jenna Julianne rewind 2017 it's
good you love me ma okay what you're not
gonna do is grab my boobs goals will be
the gross tool is five dollars that we
are continuing June kitchen strategy of
entertainment I think Marvel wants to
sit this round out you didn't like he's
just like I don't think he was like
super into it like if you wanted to come
in here like sometimes he'll walk in the
kitchen and wants to be you know part of
all the action but tonight seems like he
wants to just chill on the couch so
we're gonna let him do that
but the Ickes both came in here
started cooking so I pulled up their
chairs again what do you guys think
are you excited now only you could just
not jam your snout into things nice
sweet boy sweet girl yes that's right
fight for my attention
you tell your Colonel you don't let her
push you around
just cuz she's bigger than you her for
me was a pet Oh Julian bok choy and
scallions garlic and onion I have a
request for next year could we get
another walk what I have to going at
once I literally just had an out for
change because dinner sometimes when I
eat spicy food
are you really hot so her of my sweater
and I eat dinner without a shirt on and
then I just put this shirt on so so
there you go now it's time to set up the
stream come join us
just kidding it's too late cuz this is
last night for you so the stream is over
we're gonna sleep that's not too sunny
days in minilab for raiding us there
youtubers they stream on Twitch pretty
rad all-around hilarious stream like so
many funny moments oh my fucking god
he's fucking dead
Oh Oh my fucking guy he fucking we're
gonna go get some rest
and he's so beautiful
