I have to get ready right now guys today
is the streamys and uh we leave in like
two hours I haven't even started getting
ready so I actually ran to the mall to
get an outfit because I don't even have
an office so I got a sort of outfit and
I got a shower and clean up then we're
off to the award show this is sort of my
outfit like a bomber jacket sure yes
oh it's all pretty simple we're getting
picked up very soon and I'm behind
schedule so I got a high-end shower like
Greg are you ready for this babies are
you ready are you ready wait for the
streamys you don't look ready well I
know that all right I am now ready isn't
it crazy how that took you guys zero
time but it took me like time this is
coming with me to the show I know how
much you guys hate the mustache and
frankly it kind of makes me like it even
more I don't know why it just does I
don't know man I don't know I'll
probably get sick of it in the next
couple days and and off it but for now
the mustache is staying and we'll be
coming with me to the Beverly Hilton
Hotel which is where the streamys are so
that's where we're going I don't say
theme and have a drink you don't have a
drink but the question is what should
that drink be these all these Olins
we're a gift for Ryan
this is Jenna's birthday package and
this giant flask all from Ryan for
Jenna's birthday so maybe I'll just
bring a couple of those looking for this
necklace I can't find it
anywhere it's this tiny necklace I got
in Japan it's called the tiny King it's
like a little silver guy with a crown
and I haven't seen it in months I don't
know where it is
like this thing is nowhere okay we
should probably fix this
Wow is that what I look like Jesus so I
have like an hour I think my tasks for
the next hours to really find this thing
because I think it would really
compliment my outfit right now and I
missed that necklace all right I am
convinced it's like jumped into the ants
dimension because I've looked
I think everywhere I mean if it's
somewhere still it's gonna be in like
some bag that I haven't unpacked from
months ago up in some closet and I can't
find that right now but now go I'm not
going to have my necklace
so whatever but I wanted to show you
this thing I got it from DJI it is
called the Osmo mobile so basically what
it is is it's a 3-axis stabilized gimbal
so you can put your iphone on it and
shoot incredibly smooth stabilized
footage I got this and I'm really
excited to play around with it it's
super cool because your phone is the
camera you could technically vlog with
something like this which would be cool
because it's super smooth so I decided
to get myself a mic and a wide lens for
my iPhone and shoot an entire vlog on
this device I'm going to bother the dogs
while they eat and show you what it
looks like with this that's that's how
stable it is you see that like you can
lock it into place and no matter how
much you move it stays another cool
thing about this is that you can put it
on a tripod and have it do a hyper lapse
like in the car like I held it while I
rode the booster board today I did a
hyperlapse I rode but check this out is
what it looks like
so that is something that is a fun
little toy that I got and I'm looking
forward to shooting an entire vlog with
it because it's going to be stabilized
footage which you guys aren't really
used to in a vlog you're used to me
walking around and you know my arms are
moving I'm not perfectly so but with
this it's like someone's tracking me
with a literal gimble because it is a
gimbal I'll show you that in the vlog
tomorrow or I think maybe Thursday
whenever I get the mic and the wide lens
because that's going to make it possible
to vlog for now though I am sipping on
some George Dickel small-batch while I
wait to leave I haven't decided yet if
I'm going to bring the vlog with me just
to the streamys I'm leaning towards no
because I feel like if you guys want to
see a streamys vlog you'll probably have
plenty of choices tomorrow also because
sometimes it's just nicer to enjoy it
alright I'll make a deal with you guys
if you get this vlog to 30,000 likes
sorry I feel like that's a reasonable
ask I don't really ever get above 10 on
a usual vlog any even a good blog 30,000
I'll shave the mustache is that a fair
deal I just want to see if you guys will
get there lookout cute wait should I say
buster
yeah I am back from the streamys and it
was fun and I'm exhausted and it was fun
and we hung out with Anthony and meow
the whole time I am I didn't vlog in the
streamys I'm still happy I didn't bring
you guys because it wouldn't have been
like a good block and the is a little
weird it's a little weird
I'm go to sleep I'll see you isn't work
hey fam we are gonna head out of the
house right now
we're gonna go to Sammy's camera which
is the camera store we went to a while
back it's in Hollywood I'm not just
going to like look at stuff for fun
although I'm going to do that the reason
I'm going to the camera store today is
I'm trying to help our friend Shan get a
camera and the specific camera she wants
is the sony a $5,000 as a flip up screen
and it's a great versatile camera you
can even switch out the lens the problem
is there was an earthquake in Japan back
in April I believe
and the building that housed all the
sensors for this specific camera was
destroyed and so they've been recovering
ever since so the cameras not available
anywhere like Amazon B&H it's gone
everywhere and we had actually ordered
one for her like a month and a half ago
and it's still on hold so we're going to
go grab this one last unit that they
have at Sammy's camera we call they have
one left so we're gonna go grab it and
and then ship it to Shan
so she can have her camera Shan is
Chris's girlfriend Chris Melba crows a
girlfriend our good friend who lives in
New York but it's going to be nice to
get out of the house a little bit I feel
like this whole day has felt kind of
weird we're just kind of like recovering
from the streamys and jen is making her
video it'll be nice so we're near the
house we're gonna go get one camera and
maybe other things too
I don't know we'll see all right so uh
we got Shannon's camera and then we
dropped it off at the UPS Store because
we don't live close to New York but it
turns out the UPS toll was like right
next to a place called vegan glory
so we just wanted some takeout from
being boring are you excited
she got the yellow curry she's on a
yellow curry kick lately it's actually
really good so we're taking a little
walk while we wait for our food to be
ready and just in case you guys didn't
know Uncle paulie's will be here soon
I don't know what it is what was it
Anthony was saying that there was a
place called blue cheese or whatever
mrs. good there was a place there was a
restaurant that used to it was called
mrs. Gooch
guys I'm gonna run to the grocery store
our Oreilles oh no a fan missus goochie
goochie goochie look at you where're we
going okay we'll get all these kittens
kittens
remember that very good we just did that
whole thing IRA stopped at this wool and
silk store because we had an idea for a
video involving certain sort of costumes
and we were right here while we wait for
our fruit so we're looking for some
materials want that can you get that
wool it's perfect
that one right there between the two
Reds that's what we need hey we want to
get one of the entire rolls up there
salesperson to the front register for
customer assistance so first you to the
front register for me all right finally
got to sitting down editing this vlog
and I went on snapchat and I asked you
guys if you wanted the vlog tonight and
you said you did
so I'm uploading it tonight so hopefully
you guys enjoyed it by the way I know I
said in the last ball that the
collaboration video I did with Aaron
would be up by then but it was up today
so if you haven't seen it yet it's on
josh's channel right now I'm excited to
show you more of the Osmo mobile which I
played with today once i get a wire lens
on it I feel like it'll be kind of a
cool entire vlog and I'll get out in the
world move a lot so you can see like
what it's like but anyway thanks for
watching thanks for being here I
appreciate you guys and I'll see you mom
later
