we started me we didn't really question
the motivation I sir why here avoiding
what you're going but we wanted to give
people that extra peace of mind at
mealtime when they're eating out of
those uncontrolled environments all
right so really quickly we're at this
lunch
yeah but we're testing out this thing
which is basically a device that can
test if there's gluten in food so I'm
gonna run a test on this side
and you just tell me oh absolutely
that's testing a food rats like we just
put a little piece into some tax bonds
that tie a sari for upon this Alice test
I know so
I just came back with a smiley face
which means it's gluten-free the food it
literally just tested she's like it's a
pregnancy test for food this is 100%
Korea what even is that a luxury okay so
it's private oh it's clearly brewing I'm
gonna try to get tested what I think
will be funny is the public went to blue
three restaurants and like I do expose
them for not having really good great
food just expose them walk around with
this thing be like it's not going free
ya know but it's more about like just
like finding yeah because they're
telling us stories about how they got a
gluten-free restaurant and for coming
out positive things so it's really
interesting I just can't believe that
exists like I'm watching it work takes
two minutes it's pretty well depicted
free free free free free free free free
free free yeah
so we are leaving the lunch for the name
of sensor and it was really an awesome
experience to get to use it in person
and test out the food we were talking
about like the future with our
technology about how in the future the
idea is to like be able to test for
anything yeah for all of your food
allergies or even just literally see
what's in the food like via on your
phone and the happen whatever so
hopefully I can get myself a test unit
and then just go expose everyone for
gluten frog hopefully we'll get one and
gets it player more but that was a lot
of fun and I'm happy we went we were
but we made it so good day all right so
we came to the dog park dogs needed to
get out and it's a beautiful day it's
actually been hot
October 1st 88 degrees but I ran back to
the car to grab you guys because it was
getting hot I didn't want you to
overheat but um how do you remember last
time we were at the dog park we
discovered their new little training
jungle gym for them and I just got peach
to climb all the way up and then jump on
me so I wanted to I wanted to film it
ready you ready to go so she goes to the
top of that yeah you jumped on the
ground first
and my trick died
thank you being such a good girl today
coming you find some shade bud okay
marble whatever love chasing yeah
peaches being a good girl today she's
jumping over the hoops you did it
alright so it is now Monday and I am out
in the world today I am off to Erin
Evans's house Josh's sister because
we're filming a collab that's going to
go on josh's channel while he's out of
town I think we're doing the whisper
challenge which I'm excited for because
I've done it before and it's it's
hilarious but erin has like a southern
accent so I think it's going to be like
extra funny
anyway I'm on my way to do this collab
cuz you know me and my collabs I do them
all the time and then I'm going to have
lunch with Colin nearby alright we just
finished whispering at each other with
loud music play except not really
whisper yeah we didn't did we whisper I
don't think we didn't whispers we don't
follow directions not well no but that
was fun and it is currently live cuz
this is going out tomorrow so this is
it's already live right Joshua Channel
yeah it is
alright take a peek take a peek it's
funny it was fun and you guys know how
often I do collabs so it's probably
worth going to check out the link will
be in the description and Aaron is gonna
be taking over josh's channel for a
little bit so if you want more of her
that's where you should go
enjoy the awkwardness in case you didn't
get enough in this vlog cuz you'll need
more alright alright I am now heading
home on the club with Aaron was awesome
I had fun and I
lunch with Colin which was wonderful
we're actually shooting a sort of
commercial together next week it's a
commercial he invited me on the team up
with him in and I'm so excited about it
so ah you guys will see more of that
I'll take you look really doing
everything but that's what we were
talking about he also just gave me the
hiccups from laughing so hard I don't
know if either you guys get like a laugh
attacks so hard that you get the hiccups
but that happens to me and I have the
hiccups now
I'm headed back put the slaw together
it's ready for you guys and thanks for
watching I'll see you guys tomorrow
