good morning everyone today I am in my
car on my way to the offices of DJI
company that is atop the drone game
right now
DJI makes all the best drones and the
reason a popsicle like myself is on my
way to those offices it is for a meeting
I think it's fair to say I am very
excited for it today
that thing right there is the new DJI
drone is called the Mavic look how big
this stance alright I want to put my
phone it's the size of my phone so I'm
at DJI right now this is the new drone
super portable it's like tiny tiny tiny
so we're actually gonna fly right out
for the first time obviously I've never
flown it's not on the market yet they
just announced that this week I actually
was talking about it in the vlogs I
honestly can't believe how little it it
it's kind of surprising when you see it
because of all the cameras
so this new thing has a feature where if
you put your arms out it'll recognize
you without even the remotes like you go
over there and I can just have it follow
me should I try it starts ending at the
blackboard
it's like quieter to go quieter sounds
good all right we'll be in touch thanks
Texaco yeah you got it thank you all
right I am leaving DJI that was an
awesome meeting and a chance to see
their new drone the Maverick Pro it's so
cool to have a company that I really
value and like approach me and want to
you know have a relationship with me
because I know you guys like the DJI
stuff that I have in the vlogs and
that's the most important thing when
when I know that you guys will like
something that makes me excited so
really cool things coming with them I
can't wait to show you more about flying
and drone talk made me kind of hungry so
gonna eat I was just pulled up at a red
light and I saw this like really old
woman driving a car like clip this guy
with it with her car like a pedestrian
there was this big dude and he saw her
coming and she just like did not stop
and he she like clipped his arm and sort
of leg he was fine but it was like the
weirdest weirdest thing I've ever seen
like she's just and then she pulled over
she was clearly too old to be driving
fuck and that was weird
all right I'm walking to do some errands
right now I'm walking my riding I'm not
boarding I have to stop by a couple
places and
having lunch with for that
that part of town where he grabbed some
sushi and ketchup gonna go grab some
lunch with my dad around
drinking unfiltered cold sake is my
favorite it's the cloudy one it doesn't
look that good but when you're drinking
cold sake I highly recommend unfiltered
because it has like a sweetness to it
clear filtered sake doesn't have hot
sake
I like Joseph but behold unfiltered as
the way to go for sure if you haven't
tried it I highly recommend even a
Bhishma middle of day for lunch
but she has earned want one
can I have it
because I just I just ate the other one
but I'd be happy what you did this is my
admirer of yours also thank you it was a
straight lemon so first of all I'm sorry
who's your daddy I'm that guy beard was
getting too much I had to bail out on
the beard but might keep some of it I
don't know what do you guys think just
bomb that dislike button if you if you
like it not for real I don't know I
don't know if I'm gonna keep it I'll
sleep on it literally I was sleep with
it and see how I feel in the morning my
hair it's like my facial hair it gets
super course especially up here when I
grow it out so it's not going to get any
thicker it just changes texture
ah my face is a lot better I need to
wash it super late I wanted to show you
the new dads - the dads - the dads - dad
- yeah let me know you guys think we'll
see a little bit so everyone so you can
make - dad I can't wait get mad if you
call me Dad look at this shit yeah I'm
gonna sleep on iti feel the morning I'll
see you guys in a more tomorrow I'm
actually going to a pretty dunno shoe
store with one of my buddies so I'll
take you with me see in a sec
all right I am heading out right now my
buddy's picking me up there no look at
some dump new shoes this place called
Brown - in Hollywood it's a shoe shop
here's the hoping it's not a hundred
degrees over there how about we gonna
get some shoes there you call it that
all right so those are the nmds I got
today I had some fun looking at shoes
they're back on that way
Kermit we're gonna go to the DMV
yeah
goddamn turn up we're going to the DMV
good boy
yeah I gotta go to DMV but I'm happier
these I'm one of these let's gonna buy
them online then I saw him in person I
was like I really need them alright so
Jenna got her picture down for her new
non expired ID and now she has to take a
driver's test because apparently when
you renew a license after a certain
period they make you take the written
tests I guess you can confirm you didn't
forget all the rules on the road so I'm
not allowed in there so I'm waiting out
here once she's done with her test but
she did not study for we were gonna go
home and weekend time to weekend they're
gonna be here so shut you want to give
this little recap 18 question test I in
pass the first one because there were
like questions about kids and cars
faster drivers but you got to retake her
right away
only allowed to get three wrong you were
just like yeah you can leave your kid in
the car illegal then it's like no wrong
only if there's someone like 12 and all
they're watching oh shit now we're done
