sure hey what's up mommy gon do now
mommy crazy huh alright this your
ability to look like Hillary this like
it really doesn't look like her it's
just the way you walk into the room and
they happen to me it looks like there
you go nether is actually why I'm so
funny Oh God
hello when you climb up stairs like
Hillary Hillary Hillary carve a selfie
who are you're creeping me out last like
a rat what are you rocking like a raptor
if you just pick up your legs a little
bit tell me why creeping around
all right self-explanatory we're going
to film some of the Hillary Clinton
video that Jen is doing we're going on
in the world because we're going to
shoot some in the car and outside and
we're going to come back and shoot the
rest awesome it's trash day check this
up thanks trash bag that's tight
hey what you did here that's tight
thanks doc are you ready for the
presidential address oh I'm so ready
let's go I might be wiser older
wealthier more successful all right I
took a quick break to run upstairs to
one of my time lapse and spots in the
house because there's a lot of cool
clouds since that might be nice this is
like my lazy time-lapse spot I just go
up to the workout room and there's like
a little outdoor patio and oh wow yeah
really like the bottom of the layer of
clouds like see how it's like a textured
and
it looks a lot like a certain cloud
really rare type of guy called ma mattes
where it's like little kind of circle
balls in the bottom layer of the Shelf
of clouds so time lassie was it anytime
laughing with Debbie so doing sort of
closer so you can see the texture
I've a feeling this is going to be kind
of a cool shot we'll see though you
never know
alright back to shooting the video come
on beat me get my ass back in this room
so I actually play right yeah I do it
like I have the music on sure we robbed
a cat so annoying we're on the last shot
of the video when Hilary teaches us how
to work our jobs but accidentally
deletes a whole Drive he ready he'll
chill he'll
I just watched some Breaking Bad as part
of the video
right I wasn't slacking off there was a
scene where I was watching Breaking Bad
it was on DVD and Hillary addict comes
on so we just finished shooting and
importing the footage from one camera
I'm noticing since iOS 10 on my phone my
phone's been really slow and I know that
this is a thing that's been proven when
a new phone they throttle the speeds of
the old phones I'm really excited about
tomorrow morning I'm going somewhere to
do something very very exciting and I'll
show you guys what it is
in tomorrow's blog so make sure you hear
further Maha's Bagram I'm pretty pumped
about it should be cool give you a hint
it has something to do that I've been
talking about this week in the vlogs I
was planning on making pasta bean salad
but we don't have all the ingredients so
I'd have to go get some and I'm hungry
what do I do about these look what we
named Joe's new external hard drive
bigger daddy because this is
it's fucking huge since the last one was
called Big Daddy this is nigger daddy
all right dinner is underway we were
almost done with this
I actually Post mated cherry tomatoes
that's it
I needed cherry tomatoes and I had to
stay here to finish that up so you know
what post mates Thanks
thank you middle-class America
working-class
oh man I'm loopy right now so I'm making
pasta bean salad you guys actually a
bunch of you guys have tweeted at me
that you've made this yourself it's like
one of our favorite recipes we normally
have it for lunch but it can be a dinner
dish - it's basically just pasta two
different types of beans of your choice
we're using cannellini beans and kidney
beans some cherry tomatoes some olives
which you have right here some vegan
cheese of course the nutritional yeast I
know you guys have been wanting more
dangerous kitchens and we will be doing
more we just need to find something
worth doing it we watch a lot of hot for
food because they're awesome watching
them definitely makes us want to like
make cooking videos because they're so
fun to watch but yeah if you any
suggestions for what recipe specifically
or what different ideas we could do for
JJ's kitchen let me know and we'll do
another vlog that's completely dedicated
to gingers kitchen cuz I miss those two
you're not speaking of hop for food he's
actually just thinking about one of the
recipes that we made the lasagna and
they use the ricotta cheese made out of
tofu and I decided I wanted that tonight
so I'm going to make some ricotta cheese
for this possibly in salad in order to
have that you need a block of soft tofu
fourth a cup of nutritional yeast or
more you know some garlic two teaspoons
of olive oil two teaspoons of lemon
juice some fresh basil sea salt and
ground pepper and you combine them all
into a bowl and then you're basically
just going to mash up the tofu into a
ricotta texture and then you got your
ricotta cheese here we are we got it and
it's fucking delicious so I'm going to
sub the other cheese out with this for
this recipe right now all right so here
it is this is the pasta bean salad with
ricotta cheese something
and it is delicious so I'm gonna go eat
it now uh but I definitely definitely
suggest this recipe from Habra food I'll
link it in the description it's
incredible
