additional sensors that provide
intelligence wallets flying so you can
just focus on five cameras operating
together to provide a powerful vision
system as telematic probe where it is in
the world
hey guys I am NOT now back home and this
is second day we're back home so I
finally feel like sort of adjusted but I
was just watching to start my day the
DJI event where they announced their new
drone called the Mavic it's like a tiny
little drone it's literally the size of
like two drives together it's tiny
probably my favorite thing that got me
really excited actually was the goggles
which is basically VR for when you're
flying put on goggles you get a full
view of what it is like from the camera
in the drone so that we were actually
talking about that jaye myself and Fitz
when we were Big Bear like when that was
going to happen when technology was
going to make like a VR drone and here
it is so that is super cool gotten
pretty excited I actually have some
pretty cool plan for later on this week
so I'm excited to show you guys and take
you with me when I go do it today is
going to be a lot of editing I have my
final project I need to finalize for
buffer which is the second one that I
have not submitted I have actually a bit
to do so it shouldn't be the most boring
day in the world but we are back and we
are feeling good to be back home we
arrived last night and I can't even tell
you like how excited we were to see the
dogs and to just be home and this
wedding was fun and it was a really
great weekend it's just I don't know
what it just felt like forever being
gone I was like five six days but it
felt like way longer and also which is
cool we were nice and cold in Boston and
then we flew back here and it was a
hundred degrees a hundred degrees
yesterday not even line anyway I'm gonna
go do some Jitsu and I've actually seen
some questions which I'm not surprised
at all from you guys asking why I never
filmed in jiu-jitsu I could I could
bring my camera and kind of wield it and
just show up and whatever there's so
many people on any given day there I
gotta go I don't want to film people
without their consent so there might be
a time where I will have maybe just a
couple of my close friends and we're
training and I can film that for you so
you guys get a taste of what I'm doing
when I say I go train every morning so I
can do a better job of showing you
what's going on rather than telling you
but that is the reason why I don't take
you with me every single day
as I say that I'm gonna put the camera
down and go til his birthday oh hello
let's hear some Kermit noises lit Kermit
has a mad heads it right now guys why
are you struggling izing it's like a big
head for a little high BP girl it'll
hezekiah be bud what is it
I love how entertain when we meet
someone they're like how does he just
sit like that like they're like so
amazed by it but he's so comfortable
well commence the theremin bill instead
of more upright baby cradle here yeah
people are nice and that they're like
what is this sorcery that your dog can
do yeah baby
he still is a baby who are we kidding
call me love today Dobby the house-elf
we love today he needs love he needs
love oh my god it's him farting it's
Emmy oh my god it's so much fun it's so
smelly oh that's like rotten egg farts
like it's him I just thought I felt to
come out with my nose Oh Kermie you got
oh my god it's so bad take it you know
we gotta get out leave all your
belongings five
is this the apocalypse is this what's
happening oh my god it's so hot as a
heatwave happening isn't there oh Jesus
I don't know what's worth the heat no
Kermit's fire is worse Jesus all right
well anyway I just spent some time
completely reworking the piece for above
her fest no we keep talking about it I
bet it's getting annoying but I had this
bra it's for the daily vlog category I
had it all ended it was ready to go and
the more I watched it the more I just
kind of hated it and I know that sounds
crazy because like I really normally
like my work but it was because I chose
a song that I didn't know at the time
was like an incredibly popular song for
vlogs like a lot of blogs used it and I
didn't realize that I found it and I was
like this is cool I'll throw it in put
the whole thing together and then I
started to hear the song everywhere I
was like that sucks because one of the
things about you know making original
vlogs is like this is just my own
preference but I hate the feeling of
repurposing a song that someone else has
already made a vlog with I don't know
it's just kind of a pet peeve of mine so
I got a new song reworked it and I think
it's good I took a pretty big pivot with
the tone but I like it I like and
deadlines coming up to submit so I might
just be done with it today and have that
be a finished thing because I just start
focusing on a lot of other things I'm
getting a little bit busy right now and
I'm not normally this busy but it's all
really good stuff oh yeah so the
heatwave by the way I don't know why but
their last two days it's been like 100
110 because we're experiencing heatwave
which is crazy because we left and it
was cold wish you know for the valley
and it suddenly just changed we've been
spending the whole entire day inside to
make sure there are no dogs out here
because it's not safe out there it's
just not safe about this morning when I
was telling you guys about the DJI
events where they announced the new
little drone one thing I realized is
like the coolest thing first of all the
goggles which is VR for droning and that
is badass
that is so cool just the idea of like
throwing a drum literally in your pocket
or in your little tiny backpack it's uh
that's kind of a game changer
I know I'm gonna take out one of your
own I'm gonna cut your own money oh hell
yeah
205 was announced today so I was a day
late and a dollar short to this sunset
over here it's a pretty much over but it
was it was really orange the sky was
really orange there weren't that many
clouds in the sky so la didn't have the
most incredible sunset I would say parts
of like like San Bernardino area I had a
lot of cloud so it look really lit but
uh I stopped to time-lapse like the last
quarter of it because
come on guy figure it out I don't know
what's going on and someone stealing a
doll right now anyway yeah I time-lapse
like a last little bit of it cuz I'm on
my way to Josh's have to say what up to
Josh I brought peach to say hi to shadow
yeah and I'm early so I figured I would
stop but it's over that's what it looks
like now and it looks like that person
wasn't stealing her so we're all good I
think it's that time of year where
sunsets start to look actually nice and
your entire Instagram feed is shitty
iPhone pictures of the same exact sunset
so that's pretty Yelp right peach so
dope dope is that dope this is a cool
little spot over here I actually came
here like a year ago to ride the blue
seaboard maybe not a year ago maybe a
little less alright so what I'm doing
right now is I'm giving Jenna massage
getting her a neck massage my neck been
hurting since we were in London okay
so Jenna does this thing okay she does
this thing where if an ailment presents
itself in her life she just pretends
it's not there for like months at a time
and so in London she tweets something in
her neck it's like a knot in her neck
you know when you sleep wrong but it
just never goes away that happened to
her and how long ago was London
do you remember cuz I don't so she was
like I want a neck massage tonight so
I'm massaging her neck and I feel this
giant fucking not like in her head it's
like not in her neck it's like a you
know those knots you get from sore
muscles it's like right at the top of
her neck kept massaging like my neck
down here but it's all the way up in
there no it's up higher ow I'll higher
higher is that it no I'm a little more
up more yeah
I don't know forget there we go they're
hurt Oh massage it you just what am i
doing pulling my hair dog out so that's
up into my world so when I used to do a
limpid weightlifting I would go to this
place for like physical therapy fresh
shoulders they would like rub things out
no one care they would fix my shoulders
my muscles it was basically a
chiropractor except they had like sports
training and Jenna won't go I was like
I'm gonna make her an appointment well I
go and I have you I'm making you an
appointment
it's okay they have tea in the lobby who
is the chief IP fuck if they spill it
who says that what the fuck is the
matter with you is the tea piping hot
can i still it yeah oh you're gonna
spill tea mmm I am a dummy Wow my rough
man hand I'm giving you a massage
oh wow you just like scratch me of your
nails don't do it better do it
oh just think of a shirt again no as
much as I love to think famine says I
don't want to just be topless for fall
sick topless and me mommy not oh it's
off cameras off oh not you just set up
the tripod I didn't set up anything
hurry up so I can play hearthstone Oh
what you is what you it's in a weird
spot damn fucking hurts
I'm making you an appointment feel like
every time you do it it like makes my
head feel like it's gonna explode not
sure I said I want to ice it
and woman had to get cold uh-oh
something cracked it was my thumb
literally my thumb cracked nothing on
your crep R'lyeh I was my thumb am I
supposed to know it's cracking will you
do down here little to you you let see
you know up okay
you know maybe a will go this factor
because this is AB you know here it goes
all the way up and down my legs spying
on the left when your girlfriend ask you
to fix a knob but she parlays it into a
full body massage yeah boy you're not
Flavor Flav stop it
leg leg don't get your clock don't don't
exercise your butt on me don't flex it
no flexing like but ah
