we're trying to go into Boston and
general won't stop watching Pioneer
Woman toss 11th birthday is my baby's
birthday oh I'll be right that guy's
expects coke atrophic hey look bold I
want to see it strawberry and mint
chocolate chip
Mott's and strawberry sauce whipped
cream she's so fucking thirsty
yes
the Boston clouds are here waiting on it
over because we figured it was going to
be too much trouble to take a shuttle to
the T stop
so we found a restaurant that we're
going to go for lunch and after that I
think we are going to just kind of walk
around Brona Cambridge and my cousin is
actually working in Cambridge right now
so you might stop by and say hi to her
so we just lose a drone over the Charles
River which is really cool
we like post it up right by the side and
flew around a bit and now we're making
our way to Harvard Square which is we're
taking the T we're taking the T private
square my cousin works at a bar in
Harvard Square so we're going to
hopefully see her and then we'll just
kind of do whatever we want because we
have this day off and oh by the way the
lunch we had was incredible I wasn't
allowed to film in there it was like
this vegan it's called veggie galaxy
central square in Cambridge it was like
an old-school diner but it was vegan
it's really cool so we had like BLT and
this is MIT
all right so we're in Harvard Square
right now we just stopped at a John
Harvard's bar and saw my cousin Rosie
and it was awesome Jenna got to me Rosie
she was awesome
Julie good is here it's been like a lot
of years so yes they're all totally so
related Jenna's like you guys look like
you're really I was like yeah her mom's
salomina now we're gonna go get some
dinner and head back to the hotel for
soon because we gotta get an early night
sort of because it's a early morning for
everyone tomorrow wedding day all right
we are our last stop of the day we are
taking the tea okay so supposed to be
here in 16 minutes but it's not going to
be we are currently at Davis square
we're going to take it to Braintree and
then uber back to our hotel in Quincy
whoever's on the river
we are serious talk you said that like
big time we got some craft pizza that
we're going to eat back at the hotel
because we're pretty hungry now but it's
been a really fun day going around
Boston Jenna showed me we actually
walked right by the tanning salon she
used to work at we found it this morning
Jenna thought it was gone but it was
there that's good day but now we got to
get home back to the hotel but there's
delays so just hold your horses Julianne
hold your fucking horses all right it is
a wedding day I am where am i I'm at
North Quincy I just went into not quite
Boston almost boss and I went to JFK
stop on the tea for those of you know
and I met up with another cousin of mine
Erica who I haven't seen in forever
she's at MIT getting her PhD fuckin mad
genius and now I got off the tee at
North Quincy I'm catching an uber the
rest of the way back to the hotel I have
like two and a half hours to get ready
get my suit on and get myself ready to
go this wedding which I am ready for it
it's about time I feel like it's gonna
be fun it's actually starting to get
cold what's interesting is literally
during our trip here we experienced the
shift in when it was hot - when it's
getting cold and fall-like we got here
on Wednesday and it was it was hot it
was like you're sweating you couldn't
really be outside without sweating and I
went outside this morning to fly the
drone and I was freezing I was like wow
this shift happened like so decisively
while we're here but yeah it's cold and
I'm gonna get back to the hotel with
Andover guys I'm going to the wedding
this is me this is where I'm wearing
pretty plane kept it simple I don't know
what to do but I think I'm I think I'm
actually kind of happy with this I got
this is like my favorite tie I've ever
owned
I got it in college and just kind of
like a plain black suit so this is
what's going on I'm going down to the
hotel bar right now to get a drink
before the shuttle comes so let's do
this wedding
